2	Well after seeing "Paul's" glowing review of a place that hadn't even opened yet, I really feel like panning the place. I guess I'll refrain and give you my straight up review.But first a note to "Paul" your a ass clown douchebag. And noting that "Paul" has never reviewed any other place clearly "Paul" is aligned with the owners which is INCREDIBLY SAD and LAME!!!!Here goes:The interior is absolutely beautiful and a welcome change from it's past occupant (The Willow House). My Latte was quite tasty but unfortunately also VERY weak. I was there on the first day of their "soft opening" and they had yet to install a wi-fi access point (kinda a major thing for a coffee shop in my opinion). I was told that they will supply free wif-fi with a purchase, but that had yet to be setup.The art on the walls was from local artists which I totally appreciate. The seating was varied in style and they had a comfy couch. I'd give this place another star if it weren't for the obvious attempt at gaming the Yelp system.
1	Paul Barzda is the general manager (see: http://www.downtownphoenixjournal.com/2008/09/30/hob-nobs-coffee-house-opening-october-1st), so I'm betting that 5 star first review from Paul B. was written by the new management.Anyhow, I went there for the first time today. I wasn't expecting anything like Willow House, but I was still hoping there would be something worth visiting once and a while taking up their old location. I didn't get that. Instead I got a coffee shop stocked full of pastries from Costco, many staff behind the coffee bar (all with name tag/plates), only disposable utensils and cups made of Styrofoam-type material.I'm pretty disappointed with the latte I had. They were out of anything smaller than a 16oz cup to put it in, so it ended up being mostly soy foam. It also took a very long time to prepare for such a well (too many?) staffed bar.I did enjoy the wood floor and the stained glass that was all over.If you're looking for a quick blah coffee on the run or an over priced pastry or sandwich practically from Costco, than this place is a pretty good bet.Otherwise I'd pass.
1	Paul B misspoke of his Baristas as "Batistas", I'm surprised nobody noticed. Funny, you know what Castro and El Che did to the Batista regime in 1959, I give this place 6 months.
1	Can you make me a venti skinny soy splenda no sweetener half caff cappucino with no foam in a grande cup while I explore plebian society while visiting from Mesa? The Willo is so edgy isn't it?
2	WTF is a "batista"? Paul? I was never a big fan of the original Willow House, so I was pretty excited to see them remodel the building. The remodel is gorgeous, and the bathroom is no longer alone or scary! This place is definitely catering to the Willo/Roosevelt upscale crowd, and honestly it's a little too nice for me to want to hang out there on a regular basis. It just doesn't feel like someplace I can completely relax.The espresso was ok- not the best i've ever had, but definitely not the worst. The lemon cake was tasty, but I get the impression that the desserts are not made on site. The food menu looks good, and the chef assured me that the soup was made fresh every day. Maybe i'll try it for lunch sometime, but I won't be in any hurry to do so. $7.95 for a sandwich with no side better be something special.
3	I know this place wants to establish itself a a full service Coffee house and the cute little bistro seems to be also successful serving sandwiches and deserts - and for that I like it so much better than Zoe's Kitchen down the street. Getting to Hob Nobs is a bit complicated. It's located on a one way street (headed North). Parking can also be a bit of a pain. The parking lot next to Hob Nobs is small but there is another across the street - but it's easy to miss so you need to be vigilant. The bistro has outside seating making it a lovely place to meet friends and hang out -especially this time of year. Inside are lovely wood floors and lots of light. I had the Carver Sandwich for lunch which somehow didn't live up to my expectations. The roast beef seemed process and the of feta and cheddar was awkward for me. I looked longingly at my friends sandwich. She had the Smokey Joe sandwich with Turkey and Bacon -- that looked fresh and yummy and I'll try that next time. I say - give the place a go.
3	I'm so glad this corner has been revived again--though I never got to try Willo House. The biggest plus for me is that this place is only like a 7-minute walk from my work. I met a friend here for lunch a couple weeks back. I had their walnut chicken salad. The portion was pretty good for the $8. But the chicken had a tuna-texture I wasn't expecting. But the greens tasted fresh and there was just enough dressing for my preference. I haven't tried anything else beyond a chai latte which was pretty standard. Some of their pastries look good but I wonder if the muffins are from Costco. I give this place one star for atmosphere. Each seating area is decorated a little differently. Love the stain glass and the blown-up photos of spots around Phoenix as table decorations. This place really does feel local and one of a kind.
3	Best sandwich ever! It was $10.50 or so for just the sandwich and a small ice tea though.Okay, i have to tell you, I got the caprese sandwich. I have not tried the other items on the menu. So I changed my star rating to 3 and after I have sampled a few more things i will let you guys know. Don't want to be misleading!
3	Hob Nobs is completely unrecognizable from the old Willo House... and you know what?  That's ok.  Let's be honest.  The Willo House coffee really wasn't very good, and the service was pretty lacking.  So I'm over it.On to Hob Nob... it's a really lovely remodel, if a little slick and glossy.  I thought the coffee was very good.  I haven't been able to eat there yet, but the menu looks great, if a little pricey.  Pastry selection seemed a little small too, especially as coffee shop= guilt free decadent eating in my mind, so I want some outrageous and fatty desserts to choose from.Local artwork on the walls, with some pieces that I really loved.  The tables each have a different SUPER cool picture of Phoenix.  Very nice service, and I believe they said they'd be offering 2 hours of free wi-fi if you are a paying customer.  I've been twice now, and I liked it ok... I just didn't LOVE it.  It took me forever to write this review, as I don't have anything bad to say about it at ALL, but for whatever reason, I just can't bring myself to rave about it.   It's not especially homey, somehow, even as nice as it looks.  I'll have no problem going back next time someone says "hey let's go to Hob Nob's", but it's just not my first pick.  Here's hoping that they DO find the perfect crowd that does love them though, and I really hope they succeed.
3	I haven't tried the coffee yet, but the sandwiches are mmm-mm tasty! A little on the pricey side but there is value to be had in fresh ingredients. The VooDoo chicken salad was a refreshing (and spicy) take on an old standby. Not creamy and textured almost like an olive tapenade, it was piled liberally onto whole wheat bread. The Smokey Joe turkey sandwich was solid as well, boasting thick slices of crisp bacon. The high light was definitely the Tortilla Chicken soup. A thick, savory broth with fresh veggies and chunks of white meat topped with tortilla strips and sour cream. Hob Nobs is a welcome, if somewhat pricey, choice for a mid town lunch.
3	With the mystery user Paul having deleted his "review" ... and with a return visit I'm adding a star to my previous review.The coffee is still nothing to crow about (try Conspire for the best coffee in town IMHO) but my sandwich was pretty good (but over priced). I just SOOOO want to love this place it almost hurts.Well the interior is stunningly beautiful and it's much improved from what was in the venue before (the dirty hippy coffee shop).
4	Let me be honest. I'm kind of a snob. Maybe that's a dramatic statement to make, I don't know ... All I can say is I never had an interest in going to the old Willo House, which to me looked like a run-down old shack. OK, there it is! Judge me if you will! I stopped into Hob Nobs on my way to Tucson with a colleague who needed a pick-me-up. Having already had my coffee that morning, I tagged along with the intention of leaving empty-handed. That did not happen.Everything smelled so delicious, and the environment was warm and cozy ... I ordered a chai tea. While the barista made our drinks, my colleague was chit-chatting with someone else who perhaps was the owner, or at least the manager. "Waffles?" she asked me. "Oatmeal?" She had a huge grin and was clearly joking with me. The staff member/owner/manager said, "the oatmeal comes with bananas on top." "Bananas?" I asked. They laughed at me."Well," I said, "If I can take it to go and actually eat it in the car, I'll have some." He made my oatmeal with butter and brown sugar, then topped it with sliced bananas and strawberries. I then added a splurge of half and half. It was the best oatmeal I have ever had.
3	So here's the thing.I reallllllllllllllllllllllllly want to like this place, especially after they left muffins in our lobby as a gift to the residents in my building. Hob Nobs had a really great marketing idea - leave free samples and thier menus in the lobbies of local residence buildings - and the residents will appreciate the free food and visit Hob Nobs. Genius. I'm in.The muffin trick worked and the next day Scott S and I visited Hob Nobs. Scott had a tuna sandwich and a cherry fritter and I had a bowl of steel cut oats and an iced tea.The tuna was pretty good and the oats were decent too. The best part was the maple syrup they gave me for the oats. YES! The iced tea was actually kind of yucky at first but the re-fill was good. The first serving must have been the bottom of the brew or something.I don't know why I wasn't feeling this place though. I think it's the limited menu. I live down the street so I'm sure I'll be back. Free muffins make you do funny things.
2	Really 2.5 stars:For no particular reason, I was walking, and walking, and walking.  Hours.  At some point, I realize that I am exhausted and hungry.  Just there is Hob Nob.  Great!  Exactly what I need---just someplace to crash.  At its entirely cute.  Things were totally stacked in their favor---I really wanted to (and still do!) want to like them!How in the world can this go wrong?  First, there seemed to be like fifty zillion employees tumbling over each other, so disorganized.  (Seriously---there were, what, two customers in the store.  Not sure what the disorganization was about.)  Second, the coffee.  The second they pulled out the cup they were going to put the coffee in, I just knew there would be a problem.  I mean, coffee really does taste better/worse in particular types of cups.  On top of that, the coffee was rather watery.  Okay, food comes.  On a plate that reminds me of big hair and shoulder pads.  But that's being picky.  And, I taste the salad---really quite awesome!!!!  So, I'm now thinking to myself, just don't think of it as a coffee shop, and its really quite likable.  Until I bite into that crouton.  Burnt.  And another one---burnt again!  ......Seems like this can be a really great place, with some tiny twists.  They have a great base----great atmosphere and the knowledge to make food.  But, until then....PS: Owners, please don't write to me asking me to come back, etc and rewrite my review.  I hate when owners do that after you've given a less than stellar review.
4	I was surprised to see that Hob Nobs was not getting good reviews by my fellow yelpers.  My wife and I visited them on a brisk Saturday morning and had a great time.  We were really happy to see how beautiful the remodel came out.  We had visited a while back when it was the Willow House and the remodel was seriously needed.  The wooden floors are beautiful and everything was comfortable and very clean. The coffee was decent and the food selection is limited but awesome for a small coffee shop. Don't try the verve energy drink though...you could choke a horse with that small can of canine venom.  Prices were good 6-7 bucks for a sandwich and 2-4 for a tasty beverage of your choice.
3	I'm torn regarding Hob Nobs.  I almost wish Yelp had half star ratings (even though that would be a cop-out).  Here's the thing, I felt that Hob Nobs was pretty good, but not quite impressive enough for the full 4 stars.The building (apparently there's some history to it that I'm unaware if) itself is nicely set up.  I was there on a Sunday to study and try the place out.  I found seating right away, which is sometimes note worthy at places like these.  The setup of the building has it divided into rooms, which is clever.  It allows those in one room to be somewhat separated from the rest of the building.  When you're studying, this can be hugely advantageous.Eventually, I decided that the coffee just wasn't enough.  It's decent coffee, better than other places I've been.  I ordered their turkey sandwich.  About 5 minutes later, one of the very pleasant staff brought it right to my table.  Minus the silverware, but I suppose you can't have it all.  I was pleased overall.  The turkey and Gouda were sliced to the perfect sandwich thickness.  Everything was fresh but, again, it was good, just not impressively so.Later on, I realized there was live music playing in the main room.  Since we were so far in the back, it drifted in quietly, unobtrusive.  I really liked that.I'll probably go back to Hob Nobs eventually.  It's certainly worth at least one visit (I've already recommended it to others as such), but since it's almost 30 minutes from me, I don't know if it's somewhere I'll find myself frequenting often.
4	Feeling good about this place after my first visit. It's definitely a big change from the smoky Willow House with the bathroom bathtub grotto (a Bohemian feel I actually liked). Not all change is bad though and the elbow grease put into it has gone a really long way.I like the tall tables with adequate laptop space. Living near Roosevelt Row, it's nice to have an alternative to Starbucks' not-free Wi-fi. The spaciousness was also welcome. A dozen people were on laptops and I felt like we all had good elbow/legroom. My regular coffee was sufficient and the staff I ran into was pleasant.
1	The service is horrible, atmosphere is horrible, coffee is horrible, and everything is overpriced.   I won't be going back.
5	A friend suggested we meet for coffee at Hob Nobs today (a relatively new coffee house in the Willo neighborhood) and we had a great experience.     We decided to treat ourselves with a dessert and our server made a couple of great suggestions, discussed some future Hob Nobs dessert strategies and made our ultimate cinnamon roll with melted frosting selection very entertaining and informative.      Needless to say the rolls were delicious but the real treat was the lattes.  The server delivered them to us in huge mugs topped with foam that was stenciled with a chocolate design the server created himself.  The chocolate tasted great and the design stayed intact until the cup was empty.     Anyway, I highly recommend Hob Nobs' service (we felt as if we were the only ones in the cafe -- very personalized), delicious desserts and coffee, ambience -- pretty much everything...    We both agreed what we figured was going to be a run-of-the-mill coffee date turned into a delightful afternoon.
4	Having never visited Hob Nob's previous incarnation -- The Willow House -- I cannot compare the two. However, from what I've experienced in comparison to what others have written about The Willow House, Hob Nobs is da' bomb. (Okay, I know what I just wrote is really cheesy, but I just had to -- I can't pass up an opportunity to flex my rhyming muscles!) The place, for some reason, reminds me of the coffeehouse from Frasier. I think it is the dark wood, craftsman style bungalow feel. Very reminiscent of the Pacific Northwest, especially Seattle. I really like that warm and cozy vibe, and Hob Nobs pretty much has that covered. They kept the look and feel of the place like an actual home. There is a living room area with a more formal feel, a nice sitting area with leather couches and chairs around a fireplace, and then some nooks and crannies in the back for those wanting a more intimate and secluded setting.As far as the coffee, I'm not much of a connoisseur of the stuff, but it was okay.  Nothing really special -- I have had better -- but it was decent. They've got other stuff too -- pastries, sandwiches and yummy chocolates from a company called Belle Fleur Chocolate. The other nice touch is their live music offerings. A friend played there the other night, and despite the sound being a little so, so (not sure if it was his amp or theirs) it was a lovely setting for hearing some local and visiting musicians perform their stuff. I'm always on the lookout for cool places to hear up-and-coming singer/songwriters, and this is one more place I can put on my list, as well as enjoy a cool, cozy and creative atmosphere.
3	Liked the Caprese salad and the Cajun chicken. Cool place to chill.
3	I would put this place at 3.5. This place's high points are it's great renovation. The inside of this place is awesome and homey. I could sit there for hours. I also love the use of local art to adorn the walls. This place just has a good feel about it. The flip side is probably that they are a little pricey. This is bad considering some of the local shops that have better food and coffee at better prices. So, all in all, this place is a good little stop for some pretty good coffee and comfort.
4	I do enjoy this coffee shop, though admittedly it has largely subscribed to bohemian bloodletting since emerging from the former Willo House. They still present photographs, paintings, sculptures and more throughout the cafe, most, if not all, for sale. The clientele has changed, as has the interior. Regardless, it's still a nice place for coffee. For those who haven't been, it's set in an old house on the southeast corner of 3rd Avenue and McDowell. Personally, one of my favorite activities is to start here for coffee and take a walking tour in the area. It's one of the few neighborhoods in Phoenix with historic homes from the 1920s, which seem to be untouched by the authoritarian overlords of homeowner's associations so popular in suburbs. I could be wrong, as I don't live in the area. But, to stay on topic, the menu is a bit pricey but Hob Nob's has retained the Willo House's cozy, neighborly feel, though yes, over a few short years it transitioned from hippie to yuppie.
4	Cut me a little slack - I'm a transplant to Arizona from Sonoma County which is probably one of the most eclectic, snobbiest, liberal, expensive places on EARTH to live *but* at the same time, I was never short of quaint, cool, funky little hang-outs.  Hob Nobs reminded me of something I'd find in Sonoma County but without the feeling that anybody was looking down their nose at me or the hippy serving me hadn't washed their hair since they lived in the haight-ashbury district in the 70's.   The staff was nice, cleanly, knowledgeable of the ingredients (all the sauces & mayo are made from scratch), and were smart enough to get my order right.  That's a HUGE plus.   I had never been here when it was the Willo House so I have no reference to the extent of the remodeling but - as it is now - the interior is very nice with beautiful wood floors, fun paint colors on the walls, artwork everywhere featuring local artists, and several different rooms all with a different feel where you can hide & chill, be amoung people, or even seat 8 or 10 and hold a meeting.  I'm with Kenny B... I could sit here for hours and check out the eye-candy.I had a spinach salad with chicken, mandarin oranges, and candied pecans.  It was a good salad - my only complaint was that the chicken on the salad was actually chicken salad.  I was expecting grilled chicken (no mayo) but it was still very yummy.My b/f had a spicy chicken salad sandwich which - to me - was too spicy but the sweet little side of cole-slaw contrasted the fire and cooled it down a bit.  I probably wouldn't order it again... but the selection of sandwiches drew my attention enough to already have picked out my "next time I'm gonna have..."So yes, for me... there will be a next time.  However, I'm giving it a 4 because I agree with most reviewers... it's a bit overpriced.  It was $22 for lunch for 2 people (a salad, a sandwich, and 2 drinks).  It's fine for once-in-a-while lunches but too high to be a regular lunch resource.  I know it's odd for a soda-fountain to be found in a coffee house but let's face it... Most coffee houses serve coffee & specialty drinks (along with a semi-fresh bagel or scone or biscotti...).  Hob Nobs is not *just* a coffee house.  The food here was well planned and prepared... not just an after-thought.  It's really more of a cafe / house than a coffee house.
5	Friendly - The most important thing to me. I have been here a number of times and have always been greeted with a smile and enjoyed great food. The atmosphere is great, the nooks are comfortable and the art is colorful and fresh.
3	First off I haven't had Hob Nobs coffee.  I go for the Veggie Mon sandwich. Delicious!!!  It is served with a pickle and slaw.  I was a vegetarian for awhile and ordered the Veggie Mon.  Now, not a vegetarian and I am still ordering it.  Filling, and you don't feel weighted down going back to work.Hob Nobs has totally reinvented that Hobbit House.  You can find a room to yourself or sit in the main room.  They have interesting artwork on the walls and under your glass covered table.Parking is limited but I believe you can park west of the restaurant in the doctor's office parking lot.I have seen posters for live performances at Hob Nobs but have yet to attend, but good to know.Outside they do a good job decorating for the seasons.  Pumpkins, reindeer, etc.Hob Nobs has or had a great front counter barista there named Mikey.  I haven't seen him in awhile but he remembered my name.  He anticipated my order.  He was the man.  He made a connection with all of the customers.I will try the coffee one day.
4	I have been hearing about this place from friends for a while and have never stopped in. I had a business meeting and my associate suggested we conduct it at hob Nobs and I agreed. Parrking was a bit of a pain and I had to circle the block twice to finally find a street spot 1 block South but made my appointment on time at noon. I was immediatly impressed with the building, interior and exterior decor and general ambiance. I met my associate at a comfortable front room table and ordered a black tea. I found it pleasantly unusual that they had live entertainment (singer/guitarist) on a Tuesday at noon. After my business was completed and I parted with my associate I looked around the place and enjoyed what appeared to be a revolving art exhibition, browsed the food selections & menu and decided that this would be my new meeting place for casual business & social engagements.
3	Not a bad place. I headed to Hob Nobs today to meet a friend for some catch up and sustenance. It was fairly easy to find though parking is a real chore and the signs seem to indicate that only the spaces *directly* beside the coffee shop are for Hob Nobs and that the ones beside the other building are not. Still not sure about that. However, it did also indicate that somewhere on the other side of the road, additional parking existed also.I didn't have coffee, but I did have a chicken salad with mandarin oranges and pecans that was delish and almost too much for me to eat at one time and on the recommendation of the staff a coconut and lime Italian soda, which was a brilliant and refreshing flavor. Also, thank you. I now have the lime in the coconut song in my head.Wifi was a definite must and well appreciated and I loved the artwork and decor. The table we sat at was the perfect size for both of us to be on our laptops and eat and work. The music being played was a reminiscent flashback and just at the right level to still enjoy and have a conversation... well until the group of toddlers and tweens arrived. We were soon overcome with tables being pushed together all around us and loud noises. I wish someone would've given us a heads up or informed us a party would be happening. We sadly packed up and headed outdoors to the patio, which ended up being nice.
4	this place has had a total 360 make over a la "divine design" since the willow house departed and hob nobs took root. it's still the same house, it just looks like a really chic, modern, bookstore meets downtown urban cafe. with tons of light shining in to warm you up as the weather starts cooling down.i've been here on two occasions and ordered food on both, as well as an iced americano and regular iced tea.  the first time we grabbed a table inside and my friend and i split the vito's favorite in a wrap. it was $8 of pure italian deliciousness. packed with lettuce, tomatoes, salami, ham, and much more. it was huge, a half was more than enough. the side of cole slaw had pepper in it which gave it kind of a kick that i've never experienced in a cole slaw before. the second time i went i had the greek wrap which wasn't as good as vito's favorite but still packed a kick ass greek punch.  the coffee is good, i was chatting with the [assumed] owner and he mentioned he gets the beans roasted especially for him from the cave creek coffee company. it was brought out to my table with cream and sugar and was perfectly bitter with a hint of sweet earthiness.  the iced tea was average, it's not brewed cup by cup but they charge you like they do. they close at 9 during the week which sucks, because i procrastinate til it gets dark and then trip out into study mode, and have a hard time finding a good place to grab a bite, cup of coffee, and focus. i find it to be a laid back place to get work done and bust out that 10-15 page research paper you put off until the day before it was due. FOCUS. get off yelp, and get to work!!!!!*note: for those who live north of mcdowell, you have to go one block south of mcdowell and use that to get around to 3rd ave which is a one way street going north.  the parking lot on the southwest corner is open to hob nobs customers as well as the parking lot directly behind it.
4	Some things I like, and some things I don't.  Let's start with what I think is the most important aspect of a self-described "coffee house"... the coffee.  I have had my two staples at Hob Nobs so far so this is by no means an extensive or expert opinion.  These drinks were good.  The mocha was almost $5 but I would feel more comfortable paying about 3.50.  The espresso in my Americano was pretty stinkin good.  I have to say, though, that both of these - based on taste alone - are much better over at Fair Trade. (I'm sorry. I don't know what it is.  There's just some magic drug they put in it.) This is not to say Hob Nobs is bad.  Not by any stretch.  It's good high quality joe.  And the other aspects of Hob Nobs are what make it so attractive.  Read on...Let's talk food. After reading the previous comments I will say I could care less where the food comes from be it Costco or elsewhere. Everything I've had has been beyond delicious.  I've devoured the Plantation Chicken salad multiple times already.The ambiance is my favorite part of this place.  There is so much room!  If you can't find a place to sit you probably haven't been to the other rooms yet.  Oh and there's outdoor seating!  The music changes from day to day ranging from just the radio to live acoustic guitar. My suggestion: Let the staff make some playlists. I predict success! =)But the true gem at Hob Nobs is the friendly, warm, and welcoming service I've received every time I've been there.  I'm always greeted promptly and with a smile.  The staff is quick and attentive. Good show!I wish I could give a 4.5 because I am thoroughly impressed by these guys.
4	Since I'm not a coffee drinker, I had to find something else to love about Hob Nobs. That was easy. The pizza. They're perfect size for lunch and I'm a big fan of the BBQ chicken pizza and the white pizza. I also suggest the Smoked Joe wrap (think that's what it's called). However, if you prefer the $5 footlong from Subway, Hob Nobs might not be the place for you. It ain't cheap. But, for the money, you get some really yummy food.They also have this incredibly tempting dessert case. I gave in and got a cinnamon roll one day and was really happy I did.The restaurant has free wifi and the password is on each of the tables. The artwork on the walls changes frequently. Always something interesting to look at. I like they way they do business and the friendly greeting you get when you walk in. I do wish they had more than 5 parking spaces, though.
4	nice place to go and catch up on some reading over a delicious italian soda.  i used to go to the willow house religiously just for the italian sodas and i was happy to see they kept those.  also good sandwiches and pastries.  service is friendly and pretty fast. you should check it out!oh yeah and as far as parking goes, it is kind of on a one way street so be careful.  also if it is night and it seems like there is no parking you can park across the street behind rainbow pediatrics.
4	My husband tried this place out using an Entertainment book coupon and were glad we did. I had driven past it many times (my daughter's pediatrician is across from it) but didn't try it since it didn't look exactly hip. Not that I go for that sort of thing but there wasn't much to draw me in. Ah, the benefits of a 2-4-1 coupon! The inside is very warm and inviting, numerous rooms, little alcoves, and lots of seating. It is much bigger than it looks from the outside. Free Wi-Fi and the baked goods are so good! After a visit there, this afternoon, I have been picking at one of their brownies...ah so good. There goes the diet but there's always next week, right? We have only had their coffee and baked goods, but the sandwiches look really good. One of these days, we'll try them. Apparently they also have acts come and perform which is always fun at a coffee shop. This place is on the corner of 3rd Ave and McDowell, and there is lots of windows, natural light, etc to enjoy the sights outside. This is a charming, little spot and I am so glad I checked it out!
3	Had gone to Willow House a few time a long time ago and enjoyed the atmosphere, food, art, etc. Was in area other day and decided to go by to see if it was still there. Saw it was now called Hob Nobs Coffee House and almost didn't stop but thought what the heck. Glad I did. Doesn't have the retail that used to be at Willow House but they do still have the artwork, which is amazing to look at and different seating areas to choose from. Have had the chicken Caesar salad both times I've been there. Yum. Good amount of chicken, shaved parm, large, homemade croutons and great dressing. Definitely will try something else next time. I'm sure the rest of the dishes are just as flavorful. Had to get a goody from the pastry case. OMG! Got a red and white cookie (same as black and white but obviously red instead of black in honor of the AZ Cardinals) and got a brownie to take home for later. Yum, yum, yum! By far the best black and white style cookie we've ever tasted. And the brownie, nice and chocolaty. Took a book in with me to read while eating and had a nice relaxing time. Good music in the background and didn't feel any pressure to get the heck out when I was done eating. Friendly employees are there to serve you. Hope you enjoy!
4	Cute little place to go to. Very friendly staff and great environment. I haven't gone on nights with the music, but just stopping by for lunch is nice. They have comfy chairs (all diff. kinds) and its a nice atmosphere. (outside seating avail).The food is good, simple (which I like) but tasty. Only drawback is the limited amt. of parking.
3	I've been here once recently for a business meeting. It's a small little place that can be missed if you don't slow down your driving. Inside, it is clean and quiet. I've only got coffee here once to get some quick work done and stayed briefly . The coffee wasn't memorable nor do I recall if they have a signature coffee item. So until I sample a few more , I like to provide another followup review. The service is what you expect of an independent coffee house ; it's neither systematic or mechanic like Starbucks. This place gives a feeling of being in a mature-setting where harmony is preferred ; opposite of sitting out in the old days at Counter Culture Cafe at night. I would come back again when I'm in the area.
5	I love Hob Nobs! I've been downtown for about a year now and go there often, there sandwiches and salads are delicious...  I love vito's favorite, mmmm!They have life music, art from local artists for sale...Everyone there is always very friendly, free wi-fi, a nice cozy setting.Camel macchiatos are yummy as hell, go get one! I'm pretty sure they even have pizza! (Not that I would recommend combining the two!)
1	I've heard fantastic things about this place. That it is a cozy and the sandwiches and salads are perfect for a "ladies lunching" type of afternoon. My girlfriend and I decided to give it a whirl today and I wish I could have my $23 back. Yes, $23 for lunch which was 1 salad, 1 sandwich and 2 diet cokes. RIP OFF. We had the Hob Nob Cob salad which was GROSS. It was seriously a salad you could make better at home - spring lettuce, a tiny sliver of avocado and some turkey meat and sprinkle of bacon DRENCHED in ranch dressing. I really should have taken it back because the amount of dressing made it unedible. I could have rung-out my salad.Then, we split the Vito sandwich (the Italian one) - again... it was falling apart and the lid on the balsamic jar must have fallen off as they were putting the dressing on our sandwich because it was SOGGY and DRIPPING. Zero presentation. The only good thing about this place is the ambience.
4	I wish I could pick this coffee house up and drop it in my neighborhood.We discovered Hob Nob on a First Friday (we saw it on the ArtLink map of local businesses).There was live music playing, and the staff was super friendly-and helped us pick out some really yummy lemon cake and nut free brownie. So delicious and my white chocolate mocha was great.The ambiance is unlike anything I've seen in AZ-it had a real, authentic, coffee house setting ( I hate comparing everything to back East, but it's all I got to compare it to people)..but it does feel like a super cool, Montclair NJ sort of joint. (shout out to NJ).Anyway..tons of local art on display and I was amazed at all the seating (inside and out).Loved it! My local place, True Brew is my fave, but this is a perfect spot for a late night treat on a weekend.
3	Food is blah, but atmosphere is stellar. Just stick with coffee and you'll be happy!
4	I've been here a couple more times. The food is good with many tasteful selection, and the service always brings your meal to you and keep the place organized. They have partition rooms for customers and that serves a special purpose of having business discussions.
4	What  a great coffee shop. From the outside, it seems like a coffee shop that my grandma would go to read Knitting or Cat Fancy magazine.  When you walk in, it's totally different. They have several different eclectic seating areas and good coffee. A wide array of pastries and small food items should keep you charged up. It doesn't seem as big from the outside (that's what she said) but it's really a great place to sit and have coffee. I haven't been in a while, but I'll be back soon.
4	It has been awhile since I have been to Hob Nobs, but it is a nice small coffee house in the down town area of Phoenix. When live music is being played there it is nice to hear it. Their food is good and they have a variety of food too eat as well. Not too much parking, but if you park across the street there is plenty and it is well lit too. If you get a chance to go I highly recommend it.
5	I love this place! It has a charming atmosphere and the staff is really friendly. We ordered the plantation chicken sandwich that was season to perfection and was just the right amount of food to fill us up. We will definitely be back!
5	Hob nob's makes you wish for more locally-owned businesses that value customer service as much as they value the quality of their products. Went here twice during my weekend in Phoenix and had a lovely experience both times. The decor and set up make you feel like you've stepped into the home of an old fried who also makes really awesome coffee and pastries. Indoor and outdoor seating are equally great and cozy. The main room (with the fire place, uhh cute!) hosts a variety of local art that's for sale. We found this out after admiring the painting parallel to the pastry case and jokingly making an offer for it. It was the only one not for sale as it was a replica of a puzzle the owners children had put together. We had two different baristas/cashiers both times I went and both were just as friendly and kind!Didn't get to try any of the salads or sandwiches but everything looked and smelled amazing! The ambience was the selling point for me though. Coming from Vegas where customer service is anything but and based on the highest bidder, it was nice to have a consistent experience (even if it was only twice) that made me feel special and prompted me to check out some real estate in the area so I could have the Hob Nob's experience on a weekly basis (only half kidding....)
5	If you're seeking an enchanted fairytale cottage in the middle of the city, this is the place to go. The woman behind the counter (one of the owners, I believe) was chic, friendly, and knowledgeable. Her recommendation of a lime and coconut italian soda was perfect. There's gorgeous art for sale on the walls, and the whole place has an elegant yet bohemian vibe to it. We were there for several hours and never felt pressured to leave. You can't say the same for many places. Clean bathrooms too :)
2	Not sure what to give this place. Went in for breakfast with two friends this Saturday. Menu for breakfast is very limited to steel cut oatmeal, quiche and a breakfaast sandwhich. We each had the breakfast sandwhich on different breads with different cheese, meat and toppings. I asked for my bread to be buttered but it was not so I got cold butter from the kitchen to spread on my basically cold sandwhich that had just arrived. They also season the eggs without telling you with some herbs that turned out to taste ok but looked questionable. Two of us had ice tea, which was very weak and one had coffee but I no idea what he thought of it since he didn't have any more.One of the cooks brought out a fresh baked blueberry scone as an apology for sending out a less than perfect breakfast.  Hmmm makes me wonder if he knew our food was damn near cold? The scone was large and delicious.Actually all the bake goods looked very good on display.  The place is very charming and it even has outside seating which is nice. But the bill was $26 for cold breads with cold eggs and a small meat portion that if you didn't look for it one would miss.So I give the place 2 stars. Earned by a good scone, a cute building and a kind gester of the staff. But I wasn't impressed enough to return.  Oh yeah I found a hair on my egg but I'm hoping it was my own. But as I think about it now It probably was not mine as I read others review. EwwwwwAlso the lunch menu does not appeal to me.  And many would agree that the presentation is lacking and the price is on the high side. And while serving beer upsets another yelper because she will not study there because of it now. I don't think it has hurt the business and I'm sure their limited seating does not encourage people to dwell for hours anyhow. Oh and parking is very limited also another reason one might not linger for hours.
4	The space is adorable.  The sandwiches are fantastic.  The staff is friendly.  GREAT!As friendly as the staff is, they were pretty disorganized.  But, we all got our food eventually.  And we headed back to the office full and happy.
4	Here's what I want. I want a coffee shop where I can do my work in a peaceful and cozy setting without sitting on top of the person next to me and I'd love to have the option of a good sandwich if I happen to stay during lunch hour. I think I found that at Hob Nobs.  After driving by Hob Nobs too many times over the years, I finally made my way inside through the adorable patio surrounding a quaint historic house. The moment I stepped inside, it felt like I had stepped into a welcoming home. The warm wooden floors complimented the historic banisters and the house had the old feeling to it without smelling old. That's a plus and sometimes hard to find in an old house. I looked around and saw plenty of seating options including several tables and chairs on the patio and several all throughout the house, including a converted sun room in the front. But personally, my favorite area was the living room with a worn in leather couch and two leather chairs looking at the fireplace still decorated with Christmas attire. The staff warmly greeted me and I asked the lady what she normally likes. She pointed me in the direction of the Smokey Joe -- Gouda, turkey and tomato on white bread. I opted out of the Dijon and added in honey mustard and it was definitely a tasty treat! The bread was toasted and the turkey was warm and freshly roasted. The honey mustard with sweet and creamy all in one. It came with a pickle and small cup of fruit. The meal itself wasn't on the cheap end ... more like middle of the road expensive...about $10 for a sandwich and drink. However, I think it's definitely worth it if you are looking for a place to set up shop for awhile and this is definitely a cozy spot. Awhile later, I needed a caffeine boost to get me through part two of the day, so I went the iced coffee route. They have a huge assortment of syrups and the coffee is freshly roasted and tasty. It was just $2 for a 16 oz cup of coffee which isn't bad in my book! So, while the sandwiches might be a bit on the pricier end, the coffee is spot on reasonably priced. Plus on the sandwich end, the ingredients are so fresh, I'd rather pay a bit more for the oven turkey like I had. So whether it's warm or cool weather, Hob Nobs is an excellent option for a true coffee house experience...they even have life music some nights!
3	Very cozy, love the various rooms ad seating opportunities. Must be a great place to hang in the warmer weather on the patio. Lost a star for two reasons:1)they pour the cream for you. I didn't realize this and would have specified skim milk ahead of time, but instead watched a big glug of half-and-half go into my husband's coffee. They were very accommodating and made me a new one, but I would still like to be able to doctor my coffee myself. 2)The music is a radio station, complete with annoying, repetitive GreatClips ads (Men's haircuts just $7.99!!!). Come on, just plug in an iPod and play some constant music. No one wants to listen to radio ads while chilling at the coffee house. Coffee was fine. The food looked good; people have complained about the prices, but why are you going to a coffee place for food? It was maybe a dollar on the pricey side, I guess. I have no problem with the presence of beer, but what with the beer and the gigantic PIZZA banner out front, it makes me wonder if Hob Nobs is struggling with identity. Pick one and go with it, please. Overall a pleasant experience; just a few glitches.
5	Okay, I've never seen this place before and I was only in the area to attend a planning meeting for the 2011 Phoenix Film Festival, and just stumbled across it. It looked like one of those cool renovated houses and I saw that this weekend they were grilling locally made dogs, of various types on the patio. Being someone who can never pass up trying a new hot dog place, I stopped in.Well let me tell you...wow....what a beautiful place. It is all dark hardwood inside with tables throughout various rooms, and these beautiful stained glass windows in the back. It reminds me of some places I visited in Denver, Colorado but I never expected to find a place like it in Phoenix. I did notice that they sell a number of various sandwiches and some wickedly awesome looking pastries (trying to avoid sugar so I could only look, not taste), but I was there for the dogs...and I was not to be deterred in my mission. I found out that they had several different types of sausages with one being a chicken tequila and lime sausage which, being overweight and middle aged, I thought was the safest choice for my cardiovascular system. I got an iced tea along with it and then they gave me a basket with a bun in it and told me to take it outside to the grill.There are three or four patio tables outside with some shade (it was rather sunny today...as is most days in Phoenix) and they were still setting up and prepping the hot water baths for the various dogs. As part of the process they have a flat grill that goes on top of the regular one and they were grilling up a whole mess of green peppers and onions. I had the good fortune to meet one of the owners of the establishment and learned this place used to be the Willow house before they took it over (never been there but I understand people liked it quite a bit). Well, to get to the food, the chicken sausage, I found out, is made by the family that owns it, special family recipe and it was sooooo good. I had it with brown mustard and sauerkraut and the owner even grilled the bun, it was wonderful. It would be nice to maybe have a side of chips as well but otherwise perfect.So, the grilled dogs are wonderful but I think this will be a great spot for my Sunday morning ritual of coffee drinking and reading the Sunday NYT. I found they open at 7 am on the weekends so I'll be there bright and early to grab my spot and enjoy the sort of coffee house atmosphere that is not all that easy to find here in Phoenix...hope to see you there! :-)
1	I think we are have given our local coffee house it's last shot.  Let me start with the breakfast sandwich that has the worst scrambled egg concoction on it its impossible to eat. That was the first visit. Coffee was nothing to write home about either. Went another time and got an overpriced pizza that looked great when it was coming to the table but after careful inspection it was the greasiest thing I had ever seen and too greasy to even pick up!! I wrote this review last year when they had the hot dog cart but apparently i didn't hit the post button. Still haven't been back.  We said we would never repeat but got hooked in again by noticing a hot dog cart out front. Don't eat them often so it is a rare but treasured treat. Went inside and ordered the foot long 1/2 lb hot dog and a bratworst plus two iced teas. Came to over 17 dollars and they handed us two  buns in baskets and told us to take them outside to the grill. I asked if they had a bigger bun and they looked at me like I was stupid! huh? A 6 inch regular bun? Can you not afford foot long buns for your foot long hot dogs? I should have asked for a refund  but my guy said he wouldnt eat his if I told them I didn't want it. Instead I asked for a box and boxed the hot dog and threw the stale bun away. These people know nothing about food. We will never return because there are many better and friendlier places to enjoy without being raped  of your hard earned money for bad food!P.S. you cannot get a refill for an iced tea if you have not ordered food along with it.
5	The BEST coffee ever. We stop in nearly every Saturday!
4	Eclectic, British feel, a bit pricey food, but the service was good, staff was nice.  A nice little Saturday morning breakfast place, if you are in the downtown area.Have fun, be safe and good luck.
3	I have a love hate relationship with Hob Nobs. Let's start with the love. It's within walking distance from my house, which is super convenient. Secondly, this place is adorable. It's located in a lovingly restored historic home, and there is always some surprisingly good local musician providing the soundtrack. Neighborhood cafes just don't get much cuter!Then there is the service,  it's always so friendly! These people know how to make you feel like family, and that's awesome. Highlights include the sandwiches, they are well made and always hit the spot - try the carver it's my fave. The dessert case display is tempting. Their cookies are dangerous, I try not to even look at them. One look and that's it, you're in for some serious, sugary, carb loaded goodness. Finally, one of my favorite things about Hob Nobs is that they stock local beer. I love that they patronize Arizona breweries so I can, too! Sadly, I think what I find most disappointing is the food. Other than the aforementioned sandwiches, it is consistently underwhelming. Example, their pizzas, they taste..... well they taste like they came out of a freezer. The toppings just slide off and the crust is curiously shaped into a PERFECT circle. That tells me a machine made it, and it tastes just like you'd expect machine made crust would. Then there's the coffee, it's OK, but it's nowhere near the level of latte you can grab at someplace like Giant or Lux. They serve you waffles with rock hard cold butter AND freezing syrup. Not cool. Burnt quiche that would have been otherwise delicious, and caprese salad with barely ANY basil?! I mean....I really do want them to last, I like having a place to walk to after work and grab a cold one. Hob Nobs peeps: pretty please, make your food yummier ASAP!
2	I'm kind of confused as to how I ended up spending $25 on 2 lattes, 1 wrap, and 1 brownie...The price to satisfaction ratio on this place is not very good.  The lattes were okay, but I get much better value and flavor at Lola's down the block.  Their vegetarian wrap was covered in some kind of greasy dressing and loaded with olives (even though I requested no olives).  The brownie was HUGE, but very dry. I'm also kind of confused as to why this place was PACKED on Sunday at 3pm.  Maybe there was some kind of meetup event?  Maybe people really do love this place?? It took forever to place my order because the barista/order-taker/cashier had too many tasks and there was only one of her.
3	Well, sadly the coffee is lackluster. BUT the pastries! the pastries! I oogled the muffins. They were so unique. I had a mandarin orange vanilla honey one. The texture is more like angel food cake, but it tasted goooooood and that's all you need to sell me on. There was an m&m flavor too, I just pictured one of my kids from the au pair gig being head over heels gaga on that whole deal. Side note, is it just me or does the building look like it's straight from the shire??
4	The staff is always so friendly. My order is always prepared in a timely manner. The salads are yummy. I tried the roast beef, ummm not again. It tasted like processed meat. Good variety of cold beer for the hot summer days. The atmosphere is rather quaint. There was a musician singing and playing his guitar during lunch last week.
4	It had been years since I stopped by this old house now the Hob Nobs Coffee House.  You walk in and the place has been redone with tons of local art everywhere.  There are a variety of soft drinks and juices on the refrigerators for those that don't drink coffee but we all know everyone drinks coffee!  They offer some craft beers with a respectable selection.  Oh yeah and they have wines but for some reason they are hidden away.  There are several great sandwiches I can recommend but the Vito's Favorite is definitely my pick (minus the mustard they don't mention on the menu).  Another one you will not really care about but if you like Oatmeal try their irish blend which is my favorite with some expresso.Lastly, Parking is tight behind the building but Parking is available across the street.
4	I really like this neighborhood coffee shop!  The people are pretty chill and the space is pretty cool as well.  I have been there for lunch and their lunch options are quite good!  The desserts are amazing as well, the oatmeal cookies were to die for!Great Job Hob Nobs!
2	Two thumbs down. The atmosphere is great... But waiting an hour for a $10.00 sandwich that you could have made at home is not. This place is good for people who want the "Starbucks experience" without regard for time or taste.
2	Ok coffee. But very nice looking place. Not bad for a good relax combo with a friend or colleague
4	I was downtown sunday morning and drove by this cute cafe. I'm glad I stopped in. The breakfast sandwich was delicious and the coffee warm and satisfying.  The people behind the counter were very friendly. I will be back and may become a regular customer. Try it out!
5	Seriously, what is not to love about this place... delish food, great service, parking a bit bad, but its so cool and kinda romantic... most check out...
4	Hob Nobs is a very nice, small restaurant where you can stop in to grab a cold beverage or a tasty bite to eat while listening to live music. The vibe is definitely relaxing with art all around and feeling of warmth to it. I've had the pizza and salad, which were amazing. Check it out sometime!
4	I've been very impressed with this place both times I've been here. Yesterday at the recommendation of an employee I got the Doc's sandwich - I can't remember the exact name and it's not listed online, but she was so right.  It's mesquite smoked turkey, spicy aioli, peporoncini, onions, on this outstanding pretzel bread, toasted. Just the right amount of zing to it, though it had a bit more aioli than I would have cared for. It's slightly pricey at 8.95, though it comes with a (small) side of fruit. The first time there I got the Smokey Joe (mesquite smoked turkey breast, smoked gouda, lettuce, onion, tomato & cilantro with garlic aioli - w/o bacon for me) - also very good.  Next time I go I'll have to try the coffee, and they do have a surprisingly large selection of bottled beer.I really like what the owners did with the old Willow House, which I used to go to back in the day. When I first went to Hob Nobs I was kind of sad to see the old place change, but they did such a great job with the renovation that it's hard to complain. As others have noted, the parking is very tight; I've gotten lucky, but I'm pretty sure there's a sign that says you can park across the street.(By the way, for some reason Yelp has separate listings for "Hob Nobs" and "Hob Nobs Coffee House. Not sure why.)
5	It was a Sunday morning, and I looked out my hotel room and thought "WTF?  Rain actually falls in Arizona?"  Regardless, I showered and headed out the door, because damn it, I needed some coffee.After getting off on the 7th street exit for the 30th time while out in Phoenix, Google Maps led me to Hob Nobs Coffee, where I decided to go based on the odd name, and the fact that it was nearby when I found out that Coffee Conspiracy or Conspire or whatever the eff it was called at the time conspired to be closed despite listing as open online.  Best thing that could have happened to a traveler who just wanted a good cup of coffee.Conveniently located off of McDowell, I was fortunate to find a parking spot in their tiny on-site parking lot.  Upon going into the establishment, I'm at first puzzled by the odd layout, and how it feels kind of like a vestibule upon entrance, but the pretty face behind a counter leads me to where I wanted to be.  While waiting for my morning mocha to be prepared, I walk around the establishment, looking at all the local artists' contributions and works for sale on the walls and behind displays.  I can appreciate such a venue for display.My drink is warm and tasty, and serving it to me is an attractive lass whom fancied my eye, and makes me favor places that have pretty girls working there.  But the place as a whole is relaxed and comfortable, and had the most wonderful sofa chairs in the world.  If I lived in the area, I'd say it would be a fantastic place to gather or meet up at, or to have a quaint breakfast, or as in my case a great place to get a morning cup of coffee.  With prices that are about the norm as any other coffee shop, it's up to the atmosphere and decor to draw a customer, and with that in mind, I rank Hob Nob highly amongst the many coffee shops I stopped by while out in Phoenix.
3	Hob Nob is a v ery nice place. The decor is bright, and the local art is a plus. They also offer local entertainment. The food is good but a bit overpriced for what you get. Overall it's a bright spot in the Encanto area.
3	Would be cool, but banners and signs make it look cheap and some of the artwork is tacky. Nice staff, lots of potential. Others say it used to be a really cool place.
4	For years, I frequented Willo House. And I don't know why.The place was dirty and cramped. Sanitation was questionable at best. Plumbing in the restroom was hit and miss. And the stench of patchouli *still* makes me nauseous. But I was under 21, and coffeehouses were the only places we could nurse a drink for hours and be allowed to hang out.  I had some good times there, made some friends and saw some good bands play our front. Back then, I couldn't help but thing - what would happen if they cleaned this place up?  If they did some basic improvements and made themselves appeal to people with, you know - JOBS? The location is great, the property is great - and the old house has so much character and charm.  It had so much potential - just get rid of the patchouli freaks, raise the bar on food and drink options and the place could be great.Flash forward.  Willo House is dead and gone. And Hob Nob assumed the location.I can't believe it's the same house!  It's - well - CLEAN!  Bathrooms (there are 2 now!) are modern and clean and functional. Walls have been sanded and repainted (no longer fear splinters from resting my hand on a door jam.) They still support local artists, and wares are for sale throughout. The baristas are knowledgeable of the products, efficient and friendly!Thank you, proprietors of Hob Nob - you have brought the vision I had so many years ago to life. Now I know what it could be if the potential were realized - and it is lovely!+100 for the beer and wine license and the great selection of bottled beers - for when I am not in the mood for coffee.
4	Good, not great coffee. They have some AMAZING food, that you wouldn't expect. They have the best veggie sandwich in town, incredible salads, and some wonderful baked goods. When I wasn't vegan, I definitely loved the waffles. TRY them. Spoil yourself a little.
4	So far, there on the up and up with me.  I was just there today and it is soooo much nicer than when it was Willow House.  Albeit though I just had a coffee there; but I'm stoked to go back this Friday to have some beers or wine.  I'll fill you in more after my romp there.
5	Love love LOVE this place! My boyfriend and I eat here almost every week! Super cute old house with lots of seating inside and out. Have never had a bad meal here. My favorite sandwich is the Doc's choice. It comes on an awesome pretzel roll. You can buy all kinds of local art and listen to some great live music. GREAT COFFEE!!!!!! I LOVE YOU HOB NOBS!!!!!!!!!!
1	Today was my second time visiting. First time was okay. However, it appears that today the owner/manager was more interested in his bottom line. He missed me ordering their below average breakfast selections and less than okay coffee, so as lunch was nearing he asked that I please move to smaller table (the place was not busy). This would be fine if he had asked everyone in a similar situation, but he did not. Not to worry as I took my business up to Copper Star Coffee.
4	Owwwwwhhhhhhhhh, this place is sooooooo delightful! The staff here, especially the blonde dude working the counter, are totally awesome, helpful gems. I forgot about this place and have been wanting to check it out since the remodel. Being in the neighborhood I stopped by. I always felt the name of this place says it all. One of those vintage old house reinvented into a restaurant. Each room is meant to be like a different reading/relaxing nook areas. Different feel, different decorations, different furniture, with a different thematic feel to each room. I sat in the silver furniture section-ha. Love the bookshelves with reading material. If you pick the back room I guarantee you will probably forget you are in a restaurant. It even has a TV.  Also, the entire place is covered with art work hanging on the walls for sale, by I assume local artists. They also have some jewelry for sale. BUY LOCAL! GOTTA LOVE IT! This is a totally fun and cute place. Very artistic for my inner creative Drama Queen. The place was also packed.    Ok, so now onto the food. I am a chicken salad fanatic so I got the Voodoo Chicken Salad for something totally different and unique. I think I got it because the name was so clever. Cajun Chicken Salad= Voodoo ha, ha, ha! Honestly, I was not really in love with it through no fault of the restaurants. It is just very different. I think I will just stick with my traditional view of white regular chicken salad and my addiction to Casella's Deli-the best!. However, this sandwich was still tasty enough. I would like to go back and try some other Hobnob sandwiches and or salads especially since I hear their Hummus is the best in town. On the way out I got all excited because I spied a Black and White cookie out of NY. I had already ordered a slice of their Coconut Cake which BTW I am eating right now as inspiration while writing this review. ( It is good) I can't wait to try the B/W cookie later or tomorrow for an Easter treat,  Finally, since it is a coffee house I got a White Chocolate Mocha for the road. The server was so helpful when he recommended I add Cinnamon and Caramel topping and sauce flavoring to it. Add it, I did and it was divine! All in all a fattening day here in Phoenix.To end this review I do have to say parking is awful and the place is pricey but as Arnold likes to say,  "I'll be back."
5	Had the most wonderful time here for coffee and lunch.   Super warm and friendly staff.... they make you feel like you have known them for years.Very homey environment with lots of gallery caliber art work to browse.While the pizzas looked and smelled delicious.... I had the caprese salad which was super fresh and almost too pretty to eat.Will be back!
4	I'm not one for coffee houses,but Hob Nobs isn't just about the coffee.Their food is great as is the staff and comfort factor here.If you like salads,I recommend the Hob Nob Cobb.Their desserts are tasty and plentiful.
5	Couldn't have been happier. What a great place; ambiance, art, great food and friendly service. The Voodoo Chicken Salad was fantastic and my daughter raved about the Carver sandwich. I wish we'd found this sooner and will definitely return again and again!!!
1	The pizza was soggy, cold and when I think of a chicken caesar pizza, I think of flat bread with a fresh salad and grilled chicken, not blah bottled dressing under greasy, cold cheese and nary a lettuce leaf in sight.It took too long on top of it.
5	I've driven past this place a million times and always wanted to check it out, so me and a friend of mine did. This place is way bigger than it looks from the outside. Its a nice and trendy place, with art for purchase along the walls. The server/sandwichmaker/barista was not only cute, but friendly. The menu here is more than adequate, with a few tantalizing items. I ordered the pizza (10in) hob nob pesto with sausage and my boy had the docs choice sandwich. The food came out in approx 10 min, and she brought it to us. The pizza was FANTASTIC. Definitely wasn't expecting it to be that good. I also ordered a black and white iced mocha, and it was served in a huge cup (Starbucks aficionados think venti+a little bit more) and it was awesome as well. Prices are reasonable (13.50) for mine. Apparently they have live music here on certaindays, and they have an expansive beer selection. I will definitely be coming back here.
1	It is hard to isolate the single worst thing about Hob Nobs.  Is it the shabby management?  The filthy cook?  Or the hipster emo counter staff?Amber, who took our order clearly thinks customer service is beneath her.  We ordered cesar salads and a sandwich.  The salads were served fairly quickly by a cook who's uniform was clearly encrusted with a week's worth of food debris.  Gross... but where the hell is my sandwich?  After 17 minutes of waiting for the sandwich, I asked the soccer mom behind the counter, to which she replied, "Hon, they take a few minutes."After another five minutes, I got pissed.  It is a sandwich.  Nobody asked them to make a rack of lamb.  Bread, meat, cheese, garnish, and a few condiments.  Pretty basic stuff, right?  When I finally complained to the bald guy in the bad Hawaiian shirt who apparently runs the place, he simply said, "sorry" and made the sandwich in front of me.  Amber, the emo counter girl, started to complain to me that they were busy and someone had  called off.  Bad Hawaiian shirt guy sent her out to smoke.  I watched through the window as she commiserated with filthy cook guy, and then returned to work without bothering to wash her hands.  Gross again.I would eat daily at the Phoenix Rescue Mission before setting foot in Hob Nobs again.  At least there the staff is nice, and want to help.
5	We're there at least once a week. The atmosphere is hip, comfortable, and java-fueled. It is a great place to go for a business meeting or lunch. It's also a fun place just to go and hang out! They have live music and a ton of art for sale. The staff are friendly and call you by name after just a few visits. It is one of our favorite Central Phoenix locales!
3	This place was quite nice.   had the pizza and while it wasn't anything fabulous...it was tasty and would good back.  I went at lunch and it was an above average lunch experience.   The service was great and the atmosphere was pleasant.  I really appreciated the local art that was displayed as well.   I almost gave it four stars....maybe I'll revise this review after my next visit.
5	Some of the best pizza I have had in a long time. Try the Red Sauce, Chipotle, Spinach,Bacon, Pepperoncini,Tomatoes & Mozzarella Pizza.
5	Excellent sandwich and salad.  Nice little cafe on the corner, great service.  Will defiantly be going back to try the other sandwich's and the breakfast menu.
2	While most of the food I have had there is quite good, after my experience today, I will never order food from there again.  I called in my order for pick-up, as I only have a short period of time in which to pick up and eat my lunch.  The person who took my order stated it would be ready in 15 minutes.  When I arrived there around 15-20 minutes later there were approximately 6 people ahead of me in line, so I had to wait about another 10 minutes until I could advise of my pick up order.  When I got to the register and they looked for my order, it was still in queue to be prepared!  It took them over 30 minutes to get my order completed.  I feel this is an outrageous amount of time and not one person apologized for taking so long to get my order ready.  I have had to wait in the past, but this time it was absolutely ridiculous!  The whole point of calling ahead is to save from having to wait for the order.  I understand when a place is busy, but having to wait that long for an order is not acceptable.
1	I'm so sorry to write this. Really. But I joined Yelp just for the chance.JJ.J. got it right. I've been here about 7 times, live nearby, go to all the different cafes for different reasons. Hob Nobs is very quaint, decor-wise. Service and food though, gosh, so consistently substandard. My pastries were stale. The WiFi was slower than any coffeehouse I've ever been too (and NOT busy). The manager/owner looking fellow did nothing to assist the one busy counter gal to speed up the line. The bathroom drifted poop smells while I was eating (just a problem with a place that size I know, but sealed the deal for me). On one visit there were 3 counter gals, about 3 folks in line, and still took waaay too long for my simple bagel w/ cream cheese and cup o' brew. Sorry, but unacceptable. I've been a barista, I know retail and food service, and ya gotta hustle. Really. That's what ya gotta do.
3	From what I remember (it has been a few months), the food was OK, and the ambience was quite lovely. It's a converted historic home, so it definitely has a lot of charm. There is handmade art on the walls (some much better than others). It does have an odd layout with many different room/levels, which again is a part of the aforementioned charm. The food/drinks did not blow me away, so I have not been back there since, but I would be willing to give this place another shot, especially since they just put up a new shade-providing gazebo on the patio, something they desperately needed. Once the weather cools down I start loving quirky little places like this again :)
1	They burned the espresso beans in my cappuccino. It's a coffee shop right? They should make good coffee and espresso drinks. If you can't do a cappuccino right you have no business being in the coffee business. In addition, it took forever to get my bagel and cream cheese(over 15min). A wednesday at 10am is hardly an overly busy time. Am I wrong to expect prompt efficient and quality service from a coffee house. I had three sips of the cappuccino and pitched it. The bagel was fine, but its not as though they are baking them in the back. Save your money and go to lux or even starbucks for that matter.
5	There for breakfast and the Italian style Coffee is better then any Starbucks and really hot to boot.  Our sandwiches were fresh and tasty and came with a nice side of it fruit.
5	I am part of a group that meets once a week in the evenings.  The staff was very welcoming to us, and even stays open an hour later for us so that our fairly large group has access to food, drinks, and restrooms.  As far as customer service goes, it just doesn't get better than that.   It also helps that the staff is welcoming, friendly, cheerful, and fun to interact with. As for the food, I've never tried anything there I didn't like, and I never hear complaints from anyone in my group about what they order.  In fact, usually, everyone's food looks so good that people who weren't planning on eating anything end up ordering something they saw someone else munching on and it just looked too yummy to resist. I've had: the caprese salad, the shrimp & white sauce pizza, the pepperoni pizza, their sugar-free pumpkin cupcakes, their brownies (heated up with whipped cream and drizzled with caramel sauce-to die for), various cookies and pastries, their coffee... all of it is stellar.They also, amazingly enough, have a PHENOMENAL selection of beers.  All kinds, and they even have a $1.95 bottled beer of the day special every day.  Usually this prompts me to try something I've never had before, and being a beer fan, this just tickles me pink.  The times I've been there, all but once their daily selection was something new to me, and not a typical beer.  Of course, one time, their beer of the day was Bud Lite, which I passed on.  They also have harder liquors, and several specialty beers on tap, not to mention wines by the bottle or glass. Prices are very reasonable, especially for the quality of the food you're getting.I can't say enough good things about this place.
4	I love this place the staff are great as is the food ......the coffee though welllll  a coffee house that uses a broken espresso machine that burns the beans now thats not good. should have spent some money on the espresso machine  instead of that great big new awning   but hey the reg. coffee is still top notch
5	this is my second review of Hob Nobs . things have only got better over the winter . The espresso machine is fixed and they now have propane for the heater that sits under the awning ......as always though regardless of the season the staff is great & the coffee is great .... I do miss that telescope guy though
4	This little cafe seems slightly out of place; just down the street from large chains such as Chipotle and Jersey Mike's. I just love the historic house the has been repurposed into the cafe. Complete with local art displayed on the walls, this cafe has a quant little charm. I have ordered the chai latte both times I have been here and it leaves much to be desired but the atmosphere makes up for the generic drink. Today I ordered the tomato basil soup and the plantation chicken salad. The soup was good but thinner than I had expected. The chicken salad was good, complete with walnuts and a mustard based dressing. I enjoyed my second experience and would recommend this spot to anyone looking for a relaxing meal or cup of coffee.
5	Fantastic place. Amazing service, and they serve DOGFISHHEAD 120 MINUTE IPA! (when available). This place is the best of the best for coffee shop/beer selection. Tiny little historic home, very dear to my heart. I didn't think anything could replace the Willow House, but as I grew up, so did  my coffee tastes.
5	My boyfriend and I learned of Hob Nobs Cafe & Spirits on an episode of " Check Please, Arizona."  After watching the show we added them to our 'running restaurant list' to patron in the future.  Last week we were due to be out and about running errands, so after surveying our 'list,' decided to grab lunch at Hob Nobs - OMG, am I soooooooooo glad we did!  We arrived during off hours (approximately 1:30pm) so the place was our own little private cafe, but as soon as we entered the door we were greeted with great service and food recommendations.  I selected the 1/2 sandwich and soup option with the 'Doc's Choice' on marble rye.....This choice turned out to be the BEST Turkey Sandwich I've ever had!  Doc's Choice is not your 'run-of-the-mill' Turkey sandwich, however.  This lovely lunch (or dinner dyno) is stacked high with mesquite smoked turkey breast, a chipotle aioli, roasted red peppers, pepperoncini, smoked gouda, aged white cheddar cheese, tomato & sweet onion served on a gourmet pretzel roll as a full sandwich or your choice of bread if doing a half-er (as I did).  In one word - OUTSTANDING!  As we finished devouring our respective sandwiches, (my boyfriend had the Chicken Pesto; which was also tasty, but mine took the cake!) we made an agreement to return however many times necessary to try each sandwich available on the menu at least once!  Hob Nobs Cafe & Spirits is definitely THAT good, right out of the gate!....I absolutely LOVE when that happens!  Highly recommend and will keep posting as we continue our menu adventure! =))
5	I went to this place for the first time today. The coffee was perfect !  The staff was very nice and the atmosphere was very relaxing. The sandwiches were a little slow coming but once served were quite good. I would recommend this place. It's a nice change from all the chain restaurants around town.
5	coconut cream pie - dooooooo it!
5	Great little neighborhood hangout!
5	Food is excellent and the atmosphere is cool.  I don't think it's expensive considering a footlong sub at Subway will cost you $7 or $8 and the really quality sandwiches plus a side are about $10.  Love this place.
5	The chicken ceaser pizza was the best that I've ever had. And for the brothers that love sammiches, have the "smokin joe" you will see why later. And the owners are some of the coolest people I've ever met can't wait to go back!
3	My visit to Hob Nobs left me unmoved.  I went on a  Sunday about 1pm.  Traffic was light and Hob Nobs was not busy; less than 10 patrons.  However, it took us ~15 minutes to find  parking.  We didn't realize that Hob Nobs only has about 6 spaces in their lot.  It appears that all other potential patrons must find parking in the neighborhood.  And the big problem with that is 3rd Ave is a one way street; leading TO the restaurant.  We considered going somewhere else decided to figure out the parking.  OK then into the house.  (BTW I generally love restaurants that are located in old houses.)  The interior has some great artwork, and some bad art.  Our table featured some very average -- but overpriced -- photos for sale.   The atmosphere was overall cozy with a variety of seating.  The staff was neither rude nor overly friendly.  They were unenthusiastic.  Customer service seemed to be lacking.  Moreover, the service was slow.  There were only 3 people in front of us but it still took almost 10 minutes to give our orders.  There we only two people working the counter and one was preoccupied with making coffee drinks.  The other was taking orders, doing the register and whatever else.  After giving our order it took another 10 - 15 minutes to get our sandwiches.  In total it seemed like a long wait for deli-style food.The food is good.  I had the Doc's Choice mesquite turkey sandwich.  It's a little on the small side with one of those overly-thick folds of meat toward the middle; tasty though.By the time we were into our meal the line at the counter had started to grow quite long.  (Not sure why given the day and time).  One our party wanted an additional bag of chips.  She got up and stood in line for at least 10 minutes to get them.I probably won't go back.  The food was fine.  However, they appear to be understaffed.  The parking situation was really frustrating.  And once inside the staff were not happy to see us.  They could benefit from an infusion of enthusiasm and some customer service training.
5	Great food!! Great service!!
5	This is my "go-to" place when I am meeting someone for a nice, simple lunch.  The customer service has always been fantastic, family run business.  They remember me each time. Sandwiches are great and it is a nice touch that they give you small fruit instead of chips or fries. The ice tea is fresh and atmosphere is casual. Important to note, I always custom order my food, and not too many places appreciate that -- here they have no problems and do it happily. Parking is tricky and there is not much of it, you have to park across the street. Haven't tried evening or wines, but it is on my list of to do's. I recommend the smokey joe....
4	Don't bother with anything but the sandwiches.  My husband was sooo disappointed in his pizza (the Old World "Spicy") and jealous of my Smokey Joe and my brother's Pesto Grilled Chicken.  Although the pizza was ok, it did not compare the the layers of flavor and freshness in the sandwiches.  Even our 4 year old loved the Smokey Joe.  She kept commenting on how "so much good" it was.  The boys also enjoyed the bottled beer $1.95 special, and I had a hot caramel macchiato (so delicious... there was a hint of cinnamon or hazelnut or something- overwhelming goodness!)  My brother picked up some cookies, which they admit are not made in house, and they were also delicious.  They had more of a cookie DOUGH goodness to them, rather than a baked cookie flavor/texture.  It really worked well.  I overheard one of the girls talking to another patron about the cinnamon rolls and how hard it is for them to keep them on the shelves.  I am hoping the next time we go, we will get to try one.
5	We recently went back to Hob Knobs last week for lunch and again experienced a stellar sandwich.  We shared the Smokey Joe on Marble Rye.....It was perfection!This was my boyfriend's first time having one of their turkey sandwich specialties and he's now locked and loaded!  So much so that he ended up being compelled to order himself another half-er because he couldn't resist the goodness and leave that place without it!  Haha - pretty funny to see, being that their sandwiches there are packed high and are NOT 'weak-sauce' portions by any stretch of the imagination!  Great stuff!  Cheers & Enjoy!
4	First off, the best way to get in/find parking is to turn onto 5th Ave. (off McDowell), take the first left (to head closer to 3rd Ave., where Hob Nob's is located). I park in front of any of the houses (obviously without red/yellow/fire hydrants) and have never had a problem finding adequate parking this way even on the nights where my group socials meet up at (50+ people in our group alone). Tuesdays (at least for now), you can find a $1.95 bottle special (beer/cider) - take advantage of it if you like to partake, it's never been bad stuff and I hate most beers. 5/5 here.I've had their alcoholic frozen margaritas - or whatever they were - those were good, and their smoothies were nice for my friend after she pierced her tongue. 5/5 here.Yes, the art is overpriced in most cases, but it's nice to talk about it with your guest(s).I like the live music they offer sometimes, and the environment/atmosphere. 4/5 here.Food - I've only ever had their Greek/Mediterranean salad - the chicken was delicious and I enjoyed it. 4/5 here.Staff: Has always been courteous, remembers my order but not in the "YOU'RE GETTING THIS AND ONLY THIS" way but the appreciative way where they actually take the time to get to know you. 5/5 here.
5	They have green tea, baked goods and good food, artwork to look at, live music and BEER. Even better, they have specials on said beer! It's also great for people watching and the staff has always been friendly whenever I've been there. It's a great place to go after work and unwind, which I do pretty often.
1	I was excited to try their food and not eat another 'chain' meal. The counter girl could not get my order right, charged me the wrong thing, and then when I asked about their gift for being a Veteran they said I needed to show them proof. I have never felt so terrible about sharing the fact that I served in Iraq. It's sad that someone would question my service to my country.
4	Enjoyed a lovely lunch here today to celebrate a good friends birthday. Hob Nobs is in this adorable old little house conversation. Loved that they had live entertainment even at lunch time real low in the background. The woman singing even sang Happy Birthday to my friend after one iffy coworkers notified one if the employees. It was very sweet and my friend was quite surprised and touched. Today they had a kale salad as a special. It was absolutely delicious with the combination of kale, candied walnuts, grapes, avocado, and poppy seed dressing. In addition to sharing the kale salad, my friend and I also shared the albacore tuna salad sandwich on marble rye. The tuna had a lot of flavor and matched perfectly with the marble rye bread. We both had iced tea and you could tell it was freshly brewed.
4	This a great place for lunch or a specialty drink.  I really enjoy the pizzas, and the coconut cake is pretty much amazing.
4	Three years later Hob Nobs is still a favorite! I mostly come for the coffee and just discovered a toasted marshmallow Torani syrup that they have on hand. Get it all up in your iced coffee-you'll love it!Their menu is cafe varierty-muffins, bagel, a quiche of the day, sandwiches, salads, cookies and cakes by the slice. I got a caesar salad recently which is usually my baseline judge for any restaurant. I don't think the dressing was housemade, but it was solid and the portion size was good for a hearty lunch or light dinner. There's plenty of seating inside and out-just when you think they've run out of space, boom, there's another room with more seating. In the "living room" is where live entertainment performs. There are a few couches and enough room for a one or two man band to set up shop. Their parking lot maybe holds 6 cars (including one handicapped space), and there is a bit of street parking along 3rd, but if you come during the lunch or dinner rush, parking can be messy. Hob Nobs is a great option for breakfast, lunch or dinner if you're in the area-good service, solid food and a cozy-feels-like-home setting.
2	We live in the neighborhood. Went there a few times to get tea. I decided to get a h
4	This place is super cute. An historic home converted into a bar/coffee shop/cafe/live music venue. They have a surprising large bottled beer selection including a lot of microbrews. This past Sunday they had a beer of the day for only $2, not sure if that is an every day event, but it was a great deal. When the cashier told me she was out of the beer of the day, she said I could substitute for any other beer for the same price - sweet!Service was very friendly, so whatever problems they may have had in the past they seem to have fixed (or fired!) The seating is cosy, albeit limited. The patio is a nice touch when the weather cooperates. There is artwork for sale on the walls, but struggling artists won't be struggling for long if they sell them at those prices! The problem is, they probably won't sell because of the prices, so the artists will remain struggling.The menu leans to the healthy side, but not to the extent of chickpea and cardboard burgers at Pita Jungle (thank god!). I think they call the sandwiches "Artisan" which is apt. The portions are big and the prices reasonable. I had the Smokey Joe on my last visit and a Reuben the previous time. I think the Reuben was the sandwich of the day, didn't see it on the regular menu this time. Both sandwiches were great. The only negative is the parking. There is a little parking lot behind Hob Nobs, but because 3rd Ave is a one way street going the opposite way from McDowell, you will have to navigate around the neighbourhood a little before you find it. Then you'll find it to be full and you will curse Phoenix's one way streets and drive around the neighbourhood one more time to try and find street parking. It's worth the hassle though.
5	A wonderful place - a little house converted into a cozy indie coffee shop and restaurant. The food is amazing and reasonably priced. The entire pastry case contains yummy things, especially the coconut cake - and I don't even like coconut. Their veggie sandwiches, pizza and savory scones are delicious. They have coffee, tea, cocoa, Italian soda, beer, and wine.The atmosphere is adorable - lots of cute little rooms, tons of cute decor, wonderful indie art and great attention to detail. Check it out soon and you'll get to see it all decked out for Christmas!
4	This is a great place for lunch or you just need to get out have a coffee, quick nosh, and relax. Located in an old house with a lot of local artwork on the walls. It gives the place good character and laid back vibe. This place has something for everyone, food, coffee, pastries, beer, and even cocktails. I would have no problem coming here for a beer and relaxing on their patio while I read a book or play Clash of Clans.I ordered the Plantation Chicken wrap. It was very good. Chicken, oranges, nuts mix together in a spinach wrap. Defiantly would order it again.The only warning.. "Welcome to Central Phoenix where there is minimal parking". Don't even attempt to park in their lot as there are only a handful of spaces. Save yourself the hassle and just park on 3rd Ave and walk over.
3	The setting is eclectic and interesting, the food is ok... The place feels like a coffee shop more than a bar. We have been to Hob Nobs on several occasions when the music was provided by "The Refugees from the 60's"  They have a nice selection of beers including my personal favorite Kiltlifter from the Four Peaks Brewing Co.So why only 3 stars you ask? Good question, there is nothing really that is a problem, though I would rather there were a wait staff instead of all orders being placed at the register. There is  both inside and outside seating. For you coffee drinkers even some living room style furniture to camp out in.Quite simply we would not trek out here except that we really enjoy this band. By the end of the evening my bottom is sore as the band sets up right in front of the comfy seats. So the pluses are that the place is interesting, and you can get a coffee or a brew with a good sandwich. Sadly there is nothing so outstanding that if it weren't for 3'rd Friday music we just wouldn't be hanging out here.
1	Doesn't even deserve 1 star. Music was too loud for the middle of the day. Our food was delivered to another table, then removed from their table & brought to us. Then they did not get the soup order correct - stating "I'll check on that". After over 5 mins passed I called to ask (there are no servers) if the correct soup would be sent & still took a while to get a disgusting over microwaved beef & vegetable. The pieces of meat were like hard rocks & frankly the soup tasted like it was tainted. The tomato & basil soup had a good flavor, however was cold upon serving. Definitely will not return. I figure this must be more of a drinking hole.
1	The first time I came here it was great. The last time I came here the staff made me feel like crap. The manager was persistent I order food, even after I bought a drink. He asked me to order something or I would be kicked out. He even shoved a menu onto my table even after I told him I did not want to order food. I was just hanging out enjoying my drink. It's definitely not a place to hangout unless you are going to buy food apparently. Not cool. I will never go to Hob Nobs again. It should change its name to Hob Snobs. P.S. Their music sucks.
5	The brownies are the bomb :) will come back enjoyed the experience  Sunday band is cool small cozy great food all home made that's hard to find
1	Use to be an awesome place to come buy a beer and play a board game. Last time I went I felt very unwelcomed. They have a lunch time I've never heard of where apparently if you are sitting down with friends and not ordering food you are "taking up space" as the manager told us. By the way, their was plenty of space. I understand if it was packed and need more tables inside, but he could of at least been nicer about it all. Not sure if they changed management but it's no good lately. Honestly the food is over priced for what it is, and the music at times is way too loud for the place.
3	Love the location, breakfast sandwiches are excellent - lunch sandwiches are also pretty, and deserts are amazing.  Just based on the food, I would give it 5 stars. Unfortunately the last few times we've been there, the service from the guy at the front has been terrible. He's not friendly, never smiles, and always acts as if we are troubling him, and has twice forgotten part of our order. The older woman is awesome so if you go there, do your best to avoid the guy - he has black hair and wears glasses. He's easily identified as he's the only one that doesn't smile in the whole place.
4	What a cool spot I found tonight. A twelve minute walk from my Loft brought me to their front counter. A sign asked If I was a Veteran. I replied, "YES". Amber comped my delicious homemade pizza. I bought a few freshly baked pastries for breakfast tomorrow. A family owned enterprise, staffed by people who care. I CAN'T WAIT FOR MY BREAKFAST PASTRIES TOMORROW AM !!
5	Try a sandwich on a bagel.  Delicious.  Also the coffees and teas are made well.  Mostly it is a pleasant space to look around and just hang out at.  Bring a deck of cards or backgammon and just chill.
4	Was in the mood from some pizza and decided to try Hob Knobs. Ordered their Roman Red Pepper pizza with chicken and it was awesome.Fresh and great flavors. The roasted chicken is worth the extra cost. The artichokes added that extra which knocked the pizza or of the park. Definitely worth getting again.Hats off to the cook and the friendly staff that work here.
5	nice nice spot to have a coffee was coming. From.work.thought I stop in have coffee good choice.and cold.water right.there.to drink very cool ill be back soon
5	This place is great! Friendly people, great food and some of the best house coffee I've had since I visited Seattle. Go on the weekend and they have a great variety of music playing. The sandwiches are really well done and made with fresh ingredients and I've sampled most of them and not been disappointed. As I said, the coffee is spot-on wonderful. Perfect place to enjoy a weekend with good friends. Oh, and it's haunted--does it get any better than that! Cheers !
3	Good food, great atmosphere, wonderful employees and live music. Offers more than your run of the mill coffee shop. Not to mention a fantastic beer selection!
5	Amazing Lunch!!   Would highly recommend this place.  The Docs Choice Sandwich was awesome.   Homemade pretzel bun with turkey and house made chipotle aioli was incredible.   I'm definitely coming back!
2	Great food! A great atmosphere and the music and people vary in the best of ways. Unfortunately the manager/owner treats the employees poorly,
5	I love eclectic little places and this is just that. It used to be a coffee house for the freaks, like I was, called the Willow House back in late 90's but now it's an artsy bistro. They have salads, sandwiches and tea/coffee. It's got great ambiance with local art for sale along with food.  Since it is a converted house you can eat in different rooms or outside if the weather is nice. If your in the area I would definitely recommend stopping in for a visit.
5	I really enjoy coming here with my boyfriend, now that they're on trade we come here more often....great environment, great food, great drinks, and great staff. My favorite thing to have here is the carvers sandwich and the cinnamon roll is amazing! We starred this thing where we try a new item every time we come and so far we haven't been disappointed. I recommend this place to anyone out there looking for great food.
5	Today was a great lunch with a friend, I was totally enjoying my coffee and secret sandwich when the cook brought me another sandwich for free! She thought the first one was too crispy. I thought it was delicious. Great service.
3	Coffee is great and the food is good but the owner leaves something to be desired. I've had two such situations where was asked to move tables so that others could sit there after I was done eating. I study and eat here a lot or should say used to after I was asked to leave my table so a S&M fetish group could have the area.
5	I have been here countless times, and every time I have a great experience. I've had the breakfast pizza, breakfast sandwichs, all types if coffee an every time it's awesome. Friendly service, calm atmosphere, and local love.
4	Love the atmosphere and the staff is very friendly
4	Super friendly staff in a super cozy environment that makes you want to stay and hang out!  The barista made me a special watermelon mango Italian soda and it was to die for!  I enjoyed it with a greek pizza and was completely happy with my decision and the entire meal.  We ate outside on the patio with our dog and everyone enjoyed the evening.  I will definitely be back!
5	Hob Nob is the PERFECT coffeehouse atmosphere. The staff is cool, and the coffee is, of course, excellent. Their white cake and chocolate cakes are easily the best I've EVER had. The salad and tea combo is also a must-have. I can't find a single thing wrong with this place. I look forward to going there every time I do and have a pleasant experience. Last time I went, there was even live music! Love it.
5	Best place for a meeting with friends or acquaintance. Fairly priced and options for days. If you can't find something you like here, re read the menu an you will.
5	Outstanding service great food and a unique atmosphere. We had sandwiches and cookies and they were excellent. Great prices too. This one was worth the drive
5	Just had Darron play for a private party and he was wonderful.  Professional, on time, accomodating.  He has a great variety of music that he plays and a great singing voice.  Would book him again in a minute.  Everyone at our party loved him.  We actually asked him to stay an hour longer than originally booked because we didn't want to break up the party.  He was absolutely  great !!
3	The food was good for breakfast. Our service was very prompt, food delivered quickly and no lag in receiving the bill so we could pay and leave.My only negative comment about the place is that the staff was scurrying around and clanging dishes, silverware,etc.more than necessary for the amount of people dining at that time. It might have been a bit more relaxed without that.
5	I love their Italian Sodas and get one every time I visit.  I only wish I could visit more frequently.  A very cozy cafe with a good variety of food options (for its small size, I would expect fewer choices for lunch).  I prefer the pizza options, though I hear many rave about the fantastic sandwich choices.Though I could never afford the art displayed throughout the cafe, I do enjoy having various pieces of art to gaze at while enjoying an Italian Cream Soda.
5	Lunch yesterday at the Hob Nob. The Best Secret Sandwich. Aka Grilled cheese with fruit.  Fabulous. Good ale also
