4	Not much for chain restaurants, but this place delivered a quality burger.  I had the triple prime cheeseburger that was cooked exact to my order, service was attentive and prices are decent.
4	I had never been to a Ruby Tuesday's outside of Flagstaff Mall and was never impressed with that one.  We ended up here because it appears to be the only actual restaurant inside PV Mall, and it was too hot to walk across the street.Now, I don't know if the menus vary by restaurants, but this one had a completely different menu than the restaurant in Flag.  Much smaller and much better.  I had an avocado quesadilla.  Now you may think it would be hard to screw that up, but I was prepared for some green crap mildly resembling avocado, but it was actually the real thing.  My husband had the chicken pot pie.  That looked yummy-it was in a bowl of puffed pastry.  He was pleased.  Great salad bar, too.What stood out was the service.  Excellent.  Would definitely come here again, but probably would still shy away from the chain otherwise.
4	We walked in expecting everything to be new and fresh...like the commercials say??? Well ehhh wrong, there was new menus however. My friend said "Maybe they come and switch out the lamps after you sit down just like on the commercial?" We had fun with this so he asked the waiter. The waiter informed us that they are one of the few that will be staying with the original theme Tiffany lamps and all. After he left I thought to myself....What if they didnt change any of them?!? What if they give you that BS story at every RT you go to?!? What if they get away with it??? Somone should confirm this for me!!Fresh Avocado QuesadillaPerfectly ripe avocados, grated Swiss cheese, and freshly made pico de gallo in a grilled flour tortilla. Very good for a veg-o-saurus like me mmmm I will go back. The new menu was the only reason I tried RT food again I usually just drink there for HR.
4	This place is no longer there as of 03/01/2009. There's a new one on 44th street by the airport.
