3	I have been here a lot. They are cheap and on my way home. They have great lunch specials. It's not the nicest of places but it's more of one of those places you go to get food and take home. In a old taco bell location this place is very small inside. It is family run and the owners are always there working and cooking. I like supporting local family businesses and I will continue to eat here. The Chow fun noodles are my favorite and you can't go wrong with beef with broccoli.
5	Some of the best & freshest chinese food I have ever had!The inside does need some work, however I always get my food to go. I am very impressed with the food quality and prices!!!
5	This place is great. I love the owners - already ready with a smile.  The crab pufs are the best around.  Actually, all the food is great. Don't be scared of the appearance of the building - sometimes the "holes in the wall" are the best kept secret.  In a big city like Phoenix, it is nice to support a non-chain restaurant.
3	Best hot and sour soup I've ever had!Take out! It's a hole in the wall. Family owned and ran, great people! I've been going here since a kid service and quality are consistent! Make sure you call in your order takes forever but that's how you know it's fresh!
1	40 minutes for delivery. We both got large orders, but only 1 (large) container of rice- a negative in my book.  Wanted to order shrimp w snow peas, but they only do shrimp w mixed veggies, so I got pepper steak, which was very light on the sauce w denture-soft meat -- freaking gross. Husband's Kung Pao chicken was... not. It was not spicy - he said it was more like mushroom veggie chicken - also grossly soft.  Won't be ordering here again, or finishing this meal.  Gross.
4	Great food for very reasonable price. It has some unique things going for it. For both lunch and dinner they make small single serving dishes, called rice bowls, for very cheap. They also make pint servings that serve at least two. Then they serve quart dishes for family style eating. IMO their food is better than a lot of eat-in chinese restaurants even though their prices are cheaper. I also find that their food isn't as oily as some other places. They finally changed over from cash-only to debit/credit. I agree with others that phone-in is a good idea if it's dinner time because they do get busy with take-out orders (e.g., Sunday nights). Mongolian chicken isn't on the menu (only beef), but owners graciously make it for me anyways. I've been eating their food since '98 so I'm a obviously a big fan. This place makes it easy to support a local business.
2	Everything tasted fine, it was just "off".  The sweet and sour pork wasn't like anything I've had - the sauce was similar to orange or sesame sauces at other places.  Also, I'm pretty sure it was chicken, not pork.  The sesame chicken is tangy/sweet but again, not like the standard sesame I've had other places.  The egg rolls had good flavor but VERY greasy.  The crab puffs are good, filled with crab & onion with just a touch of cream cheese; not overpowered like others elsewhere.  The chow mein is good, a bit salty.  Although nothing was gross, we won't likely go again.  It was absolutely fresh, however, cooked to order!
4	The best hot and sour soup this side of town. Their egg foo young Cantonese style is unbeatable and their moshu is fantastic. The only thing I think could be improved is their egg rolls sort of taste like out of the box not. Homemade.
2	Can Soda was hot. Rice was hard not fully cooked. Chicken portion was small. Price was too high for fried rice and one entree..  Honestly panda is better and prices are more competitive .
