5	Fast, Friendly, Decent Price, Fresh Ingredients- made when you order, kinda weird location.I for some reason am now trying to figure out where my neighborhood taco stand is, and am judging them on their chili relleno burritos...everyone seems to put their own twist on them and you can tell what they are like by that.At least I think so anyway.These guys are different than the last place I went cause for 1. They are located INSIDE of the mini market of a Gas Station- so the ambiance is a little awkward being that you are next to the "husbands-in-the-doghouse" gift section that most circle K stores have..while you are eating.2.they made their Chili Relleno Burrito with lots of cilantro and fresco salsa, Monterrey jack stuffed peppers, no beans or rice or lettuce and a tiny bit of hot sauce (tapitio I think) and it worked! It was Fantastic.If you go there you will find ample parking, their hours are regular, and it's pretty much standard for a taco shop to have plastic chairs and tables.But not the rest of the inside of a gas station, but I am still going to call that a plus for an unusual dining experience heh..
5	seriosly ,one of the best mex restaurants I have been to, casual dining great food,yes even a drive thru window......I know what your thinking........But the quality and prices of this place will blow you away
4	o k maybe a little rambuncous on my first review but the food is quite good for the price the help could be a little more congenial ,they act abit like they are a little put out that you are taking there  time when ordering like they have a pending engagement and your keeping them from it
4	My favorite Mexican place.  There create your own breakfast burritos are so bomb and cheap. They def fill me up. I've never had any issues with my food. I would give them five stars if they would have a better english speaking employee at the drive thru. That is the only annoying thing. So really this should be a 4.5 stars! So good! Awesome price!
5	Coming from Los Angeles, I was used to little hole in the wall places that had the best food. This is one of those places. It's located inside a gas station but that didn't push me away. One of the best mexican places i've eaten at in all my years here in AZ.
5	I love this little hole in the wall. Don't be fooled by it appearance. I ordered steak and cheese breakfast burrito. Wow, nice big burrito. Everything tastes so fresh.  Here is a pro tip. Asked them to wrap it in their whole wheat tortilla!  Yowza, one of the best brekky burritos I have ever had.  Great local shop
5	Food is delicious and prepared when ordered... Waited less than 5 min for hot amazing food... I will be back!!!
5	Great food. Takes a few minutes to make since it is fresh.
