2	Well I did it...I attended my first Nascar Event at the Phoenix International Raceway...and to be honest I did not know what to expect.  This racetrack is literally in the middle of nowhere.  Thousands of trailers lined up to see one of Nascar's last events for the season.  It was quite an experience, folks with no teeth, folks who haven't showered it smelled like in years and folks there just like you and I...normal.  We sat behind and to the right of the guys that wave the flags...second row in the bleachers (I felt as if I were at my HS football game with the stands)  I am greatful  that I brought earplugs because IT WAS LOUD!!  And for 4 hours I got to see cars racing past me at speeds of about 180 mph for 312 laps.  My driver who I was rooting for #99 Carl Edwards came out after about 100 laps because his car broke and I was ready to leave then (mind you, the only reason I was rooting for this driver was that he was half naked on the cover of ESPN Magazine one month...go ahead...google it..you too will be rooting for him!!)In the end, I was expecting a HUGE finale...but when Jimmie Johnson won and then smoked his tires...It was over.  So my day began when we left at 9:30 am and returned 7:00 pm...Hey, I have been to a nascar event now, our country's most watched "sporting event", I still don't understand the hoopla, and I will probably never go back to an event...well that is of course if Carl and I don't get married! (you have to see that picture!)
2	I know it's been almost two weeks since Nascar was at PIR but I needed some time to let this experience marinade with me. My friend had called and asked if I wanted to go to this"joyus" event and I thought about it for a minute and asked myself how bad could it really be? Well besides the bomb ass tickets we got from my friends boss I was completely taken back by the whole freakin' secret society that attend this event... It was insane to say the least. I would have to recommend buying the headphones with the little tv ($30) so you can tune into any driver and hear what is really going on in the race because you can't hear crap coming out of the speakers. Now, I would have to compare Nascar to hockey, the only good thing about a hockey game is a good fight. Same with Nascar, race is pretty boring without the crashes. Now I'm not going out to this event in the hopes that someone is going to get seriously injured so it was nice to see some cars get smashed up without injury. Now my biggest complaint, if you plan on going to an event with AT LEAST 100,000 people, please don't get bent out of shape if someone's jacket rubs your arm. So to the lady that lost it at the hot dog stand because my jacket touch your arm, you should have accepted the water I was offering you and NOT CONTINUED DRINKING. Also, if you plan on rolling your eyes at someone and talking shit don't start crying when they confront you and run to your husband like he is going to help you out of the situation your drunk ass got yourself in. All in all it was a good experience but probably not something I would ever go to again.
2	Wow. Okay. Let me start by saying I didn't have a bad time here. I came with good friends and did enjoy the race and all the creatures that come out to see it! But this review is for the venue itself and not the entertainment. First... there is free parking, and that is nice. Parking for such a large event is surprisingly not a problem! What is an issue is entering the venue. There are different types of tickets: the kind that are mailed to you, or picked up at the race, "will-call," if you will, and the kind that you print at home. There is a different type of scanning system for each of these tickets and there are no clearly-marked lanes for entrance into the event other than for those who are or are not carrying a backpack or other bag. We waited in a long line and then were shuffled from lane to lane to different employees holding different ticket-scanning guns when it was discovered that our group, along with a few other people, had the print-at-home tickets. This can be quite frustrating at a hillbilly bottleneck!Seating is easy to maneuver your way around at the event, but you're just so close to the racetrack itself! It's loud and the fumes can be a bit overwhelming. If you need a break, there's nowhere to go. The venue has an area for getting snacks and smoking which is a pretty tight ring around the perimeter of the stands. So tight that it's hard to have a conversation with your friends even in that area away from the racetrack. Very few things shock me anymore... but bringing your children who range from age three to NEWBORN to any Nascar event always blows my mind.
3	Nothing wrong with this place.  Okay, I'm a little biased because I had a chance to hang with the pit crew, but really...the actual venue was okay.  There were tons of trailers lining the mountains, plenty of space to walk around outside to get food, etc.
4	It was a warm Saturday in November, there was a slight hesitation on my part, but I am always up to try something new. We were greeted by the masculine, testosterone laden aroma of petroleum and the heady roar of the engines as the cars made their way around and around the track.  My heart skipped, there was an excitement within that I never expected. Had I been in denial of this part of me. The part that was so willing and open to this...my virgin Nascar experience? Some friends invited me to attend as their guest. We had a really excellent parking pass that put us just yards from their Corporate Suite. The midway was chock full of people, real fans from around the globe. Many were staying in the acres of RVs parked just outside the Raceway. Basha's even had a full service grocery store on site to support the RVers through the weekend. While I was easily distracted from the cars going in circles, by the people and surroundings, the occasional crash or the anticipation of one would draw me back in regularly. While I still don't understand the draw of this sport on TV, being there in person I can see the appeal. It was quite the experience and the facilities at PIR are pretty great. I truly wasn't expecting it to be as large and relatively well managed.
4	I spent the majority of my weekend here for the NASCAR races. Now this review is extremely biased... I was treated to suite parking, which is as close as you can get. I watched the races from the suites, including food and drinks. I received passes to the Octane suite, which is a 5 star restaurant and bar at the track, by invitation only. So, yes, I really like this place!! The grounds were kept as clean as possible considering the amount of people in attendance. The PIR staff were very friendly and helpful. A few of the security guards were a little blurry about where some things were, but friendly all the same. It is amazing how many people camp at the track for the weekend. Next time I'm going to watch the shopping cart races in the "town". This was my virgin voyage to a NASCAR event and I must say I was pleasantly surprised and would gladly go again...
4	I grew up going to races in NC (ahem, the land of Richard Petty), so I wasn't sure what to expect when I got tickets for the Subway 500. My husband had never been to a NASCAR race, so I was excited to take him. It can be an all day experience, if not all weekend, so I was worried when we left at 11:15 if we would make it in time. It took just 35 minutes to get there from North Phoenix and FREE parking. I was impressed with how easy it was to park and get into the gates. We had our earplugs, food, drinks and in our seats by 12:15. As long as you are seated in rows 25 or above, I don't think there is a bad seat. Next time, we will bring scanner headsets, but if you don't have them people are nice enough to tell you what's going on if there is a wreck. Next time I'd like to get the Pit Passes. My husband loved it, too! He's already talking about going in November. It's a small track, can't really compare it to Charlotte, Daytona, but it was better than I expected!Btw, if you are going to bring your child (I wouldn't recommend any child under 3 or 4), I would recommend earphones that fit their ears or head or the wax drops. I saw one kid who couldn't get his earplugs to work and he looked miserable with the sound. It's loud!
4	I attended the Nationwide series last year and had a good time. First of all, the drive to and from is a nightmare! Not much thought there? And this is for only Saturday! I wonder how bad it is for the Sprint series on Sunday? But once you're their, it's a great time. I really like this semi-short track. Even thought they are changing the track as we speak now! Wonder how it's going to be now? Seating is pretty good all the way around! Sure glad they don't race during the summer months! If you are a NASCAR fan, you need to come by and experience this place!
5	We love this track. Have sat on the hill, and in the grandstands. The racing is always good here.
3	I'm not a huge race fan but have been to a few tracks around the US.  I'd say this one is in the middle as far as amenities.  Try to get garage/pit passes if you can for the best experience.
4	I have not been to many race tracks however Phoenix International was pretty fricken cool after having grown up running around Tucson Raceway Park aka Raven Raceway back in the day. We were lucky to sit between turn 1 and 2 and the shade in the middle of the day finally found us, however friends of ours sat at turn 4 and looked like lobsters because there are no shades and no seat backs.Take seat cushions, and if you are going into the pits MAKE SURE to get the "Hot pass" this will allow you into where the garages are. For a first timer at PIR I had a lot of fun, I do wish the concession stands upstairs offered more then Hot Dogs, Daytona Dogs and Bratwursts though.
3	Clean place for what it goes through on NASCAR weekend. Plenty of food and booze vendors. No really long lines.Getting out of there on NASCAR Sunday is a total nightmare if you drive your car. I would recommend camping or taking a tour bus. If you have to drive, pack a cooler and tailgate after the race until traffic clears up.
4	Great track for NASCAR action! My father and I make a trip out to the track every November and have never walked away disappointed. The facility is clean, the parking is convenient, and the customer service is easy to work with. Can't wait for the 2013 season to start!!
4	Ok, there were TWO "Phoenix International Raceway" check-in options here on Yelp, so I figured I should check in and review both of them just to be safe and cover my bases! As such, I'm copying and pasting what I wrote about the other one...fair enough?!We live in Northern California, and up until this point had not ventured beyond Infineon/Sonoma Raceway. We've been there twice, and enjoy it, but it's a road course and we were eager to experience an oval track.As luck would have it, Hubby's aunt & uncle live in Scottsdale, and the planets just aligned for us to visit them for the first time and wrap in attending the Subway Fresh Fit 500 race to watch a NASCAR race on an oval track. Score!! I can tell you that getting in and out of PIR is SOOOOO much better than Infineon. That helped set the tone. Plus, Uncle has a handicap license plate, so we got to bypass a lot of the traffic at PIR and zip on up to the handicap lot, pretty darned close to the track. Cool!There was lots of room to move, lots of places you could easily spend a lot of money on your favorite driver of choice. You should have SEEN the mass of  people at Danica's merchandise trailer...wow! And after the race, winning really helped Carl Edwards' merchandise sell, as evidenced by the sea of people there! Good for him!Anyway, we were seated in section Allison 1E, Row 35...it was PERFECT to view the whole track from our Turn 1 vantage point. Plus, if it had been sunny (it was overcast almost all day), we would have been in the shade. When we come back to PIR, we will try to get the same section and seats because it worked out perfectly for us.Exiting went pretty smoothly, but we actually waited about an hour after the race to leave because I met up with some friends who had their RV parked at PIR since the Tuesday before. Pretty sweet set-up, I must say!Had a great time, and can't wait to come back to PIR. Just definitely remember to bring earplugs ;)
5	Went to PIR for the second to last Nascar race of the season in November.  What a fan friendly race track!  The layout for RV camping was great and easy to navigate to find your spot. The showers were FREE (and clean), they had a store set up in the middle of everything; Safeway that was awesome, just like walking into a regular Safeway.  The prices were spot on at there Club prices. There was a small deli for a coffee or sandwich, it even tasted good. They also had Camping World on property in case you forgot something for your RV or it broke, again the prices were not out of this world! They even had guys ready to come out on a service call if you needed.   There was a Cantina Bar for those who wanted to party after the race each night.  (That kept the camp spots more peaceful for those who don't drink and party).The whole layout from parking to RV camping to siting in the stands for the race was a great experience!I have only one complaint: to many stairs to climb if you have seats on the top or near the top of the stands to watch the race ;(Over all great race track very fan friendly, can't wait for the race in March!!! We will be back again and again...Thanks Holly T
4	I'm a huge NASCAR fan and this is not one if my favorite tracks to watch a race.  But I have to say its a nice design for a racetrack. I had a blast and my boy Kevin harvick won so it was a good day.
5	I always wanted to attend a professional NASCAR race ever since I was a kid but the closest racetrack to where I live in California was Autoclub Speedway and I wasn't too keen on going to a big race track in Fontana. Thankfully, last year my opportunity became a reality. PIR had a wonderful Father's Day special last year for their race in November, which included 4 tickets, parking right next to the track and food vouchers for an affordable. What an incredible value! The racetrack on race day has such a great atmosphere, the place was ALIVE! I couldn't believe how awesome and hyped up everybody was for the big race, then again it was the second to last race of the season which made it THAT much more exciting! The staff at PIR was friendly and helpful. The seats were great and the racing was even better than I could have imagined. I loved going to PIR and wondered if I would get a chance to go back there the following year...And then one day I received an email from PIR about their upcoming Christmas sales and sure enough one of there dozen great offers included the same package as I had purchased as last time. Sure enough I knew this time around the racetrack was going to be EVEN better because it was a surprise for my girlfriend! Duhh. But my 2nd time at the track some quirks and issues I had my first time there had been improved or fixed which I couldn't believe. Not to mention the atmosphere was simply adrenaline pumped and filled with patriotic spirit! I highly recommend this racetrack and will try to find my way back there this November!
