4	Wife and I usually stop here during our weekend yard sale excursions. Never had a issue, very nice crew.
4	Best Taco Bell for sure!  The staff is usually friendly, I am usually surprised by this fast food staff.  They seem to be happy at this location and it shows in the service and food.  I never had missing items, extra sauce, and napkins, etc.  Food is hot and staff is friendly.  I applaud the manager at this location, he/she run a great group of customer friendly staff.
4	Where to start?! I used to spend my teenage years working the drive thru. So much fun!! So I know what's in the food, I know how it's made... And that right there should be enough for me to know better than to eat there, or let my kids eat there!! That said, it's cleaner than other Toxic Bells, the drive thru is always busy and they are fast - which is a good sign, because that means the food turn over rate is high. I try to stay away from the mystery meat. It's Taco Bell after all. If I wanted real Mexican, I'd go to Chevys! (lol) anyone who sits and writes out a "real" review, get over it. ;)
2	Maybe I've just had worse experiences than the other 3 reviewers, but I feel like in the 4-5 times I've come to this location, the food is worse than average taco bell. I mean obviously the food is worse than average based on the fact that it's taco bell haha, but this location always seems to screw something up. Last time, my wife ordered a grilled stuffed burrito with chicken and there was no chicken + they added in fried potatoes... weird.
1	I ordered a soft taco,  hard taco, and the doritos taco and the only taco that was decent was the hard taco. The Doritos one fell apart and was horrible while the soft taco was harder then the hard taco,  and the atmosphere was bad all the employees were in the back yelling and horseplaying around.
4	Loco Dorito Supreme taco's render me powerless! They are my delicious, edible, finger licking good kryptonite. Oddly enough, I don't normally even eat Doritos, lol! I haven't gotten anything else on the menu, so my food commentary stops there. I use the drive through, which is always fast. No matter how long the line is they are quick & the staff have always been friendly. I wish they had Coke products instead of Pepsi, but I should probably be drinking more water anyway, so no real complaints here :)
1	So I decided to try the "amazing" burrito bowl... I dot know where to begin..The rice was dry and hard, chicken didn't taste like chicken, the rest of the ingredients didn't stand out and just tasted weird. I could barely choke down half of it before giving up... I have eaten many of their offerings, none have come close to this atrocity.I can't believe Lorena Garcia put her name behind this! If in were in her shoes, no matter the pay, I would not disgrace myself like that..    They should take this off the menu today!P.s. If their bathroom indicated the quality of their food - I would give the a minus -100
1	went there last night..Terrible customer service, employees yelling and carrying on. Got my order wrong then acted like I was bothering them to correct it. Guess adding lettuce to an Enchirito is a task. Horrible infestation of flies in dining room.
