5	This man is a great doctor! He helped me repeatedly and thoroughly even though he does not use my dental insurance. He goes beyond  traditional professionalism!  He is friendly, punctual, compassionate, and actually cares for his patients- not the money they bring in to his practice.His office staff and assistants are also friendly and professional. I can not think of  a negative thing to say or write about any of them. Wherever I move in this state, if I need his help again, I will surely travel to him!
5	So I am super anxious about dental work.And I mean, totally anxiety ridden, heart palpitations type of dreading dental work.But today I had a wisdom tooth taken out, under local (not completely out) and Dr. Johnson was AWESOME. He is super friendly, listens to you and is really accommodating.While my tooth was being pulled, he kept asking if I was okay, how my anxiety was, if I was still good and numb, etc. etc.He accepts my insurance so it was cheap, cheap CHEAP! I'm going to have them price my two other extractions with bone grafts and implants because honestly, the entire experience was positive.Oh, and for my ONE tooth, that did NOT hurt at all and took five minutes, he will put you out completely if you want it-- because that whole office understands that getting teeth pulled is a harrowing experience.Unless Dr. Johnson is the one doing it, then it's A-OK.Not kidding.
1	HORRIBLE STAFF, ok Dr. I went to get my wisdom teeth pulled and upon the 1st initial visit, I was told I would have an insurance quote when I leave the office. I didn't because the staff was "too busy" to get me the appropriate information to schedule my surgery. I told them I need to know the EXACT amount I'll owe(and had my father there with me on day of surgery to confirm I asked again that the total they gave me was what I would owe) before I could schedule any surgery because money as tight. They called a couple days later with an amount. So, upon believing they were speaking the truth, I scheduled the surgery. As I stated, I confirmed with the staff and was charged what I was told the day of the surgery. There were complications, and I had to return multiple times after, and none of those times I was told they decided to charge me another $50(on top of what they already charged me as an EXACT amount down to the cent). Then I get a bill for another $50! I called the billing department and the lady I spoke with was quite rude. She said she didn't feel it was right to charge me the extra $50 but it didn't matter and I had to pay. I explained that I specifically asked for the exact amount and she said even if they told me an amount they can bill for more after. How is that decent business ettiquite? I told her I am helping pay for another family member's medical bills to which she didn't care and said I can either pay or they can send me to collections. You would think a Dr who makes $100k a year + would be able to waive an extra $50(conviently exactly $50, no change or anything. Seems odd to ask for exactly another $50...) since his staff chose to provide his patients with wrong information. I wanted to write this to let people know that, unless you got a bunch of money to spend on extra $ they want AFTER they tell you a price and want to go through complications, DO NOT GO HERE. Horrible empathy for patients, even when THEY make the mistake, and they don't correct their own problems(and are rude while talking to you), I expierenced complications from the surgery and apparently they will keep asking for more $ after they tell you what it costs...
5	Love the office staff and eye wear selection.  Sharon Rocks!!!  We saved a ton of money because their office is VSP preferred.  If you have VSP insurance you should definitely visit this office.
