3	When e-lounge first opened it was THE place to be.  It was hip and fun and had great crowds.  Now... well....We loved their hip hop/B&B.  Now days, they may play it at the beginning of the night (if you're lucky) but the rest of it is going to be "dance" music.  I know, I know, sounds weird to complain about dance music when they have a great dance floor, right?  But the music they play brings out the particular type of crowd, and that style of dance.  Grooving to R&B - folks know how to dance in their place.  But once they start playing "dance" and some of the new folks get on the floor - watch out for elbows.  Also - I'm not old.  But apparently I'm too old to hang out THERE.  At least I'm starting to feel that way.  At a young 30ish, I shouldn't feel like I'm too old for the bar.  Just about the only time there is a "good for me" kind of crowd is right after a Mercury game.  Now for the positive.   Drinks are not overpriced.  Most of the bartenders/door folks have been great.  I've found a few that are more 2 star than 4 star if ya know what I mean.  Also, it's in a convenient part of town.  Part of what is convenient of course is that there is another women's club right down the street - so if one doesn't work - you can always try the other.  :)If you are young and love dance music - you'll love this spot.  If not, don't plan to stay there the whole night.
4	E Lounge is really the place to be for a good old girl friendly time.  As a straight chick I never felt anything other than comfortable at E.  And I've never danced so hard in my life.  Its pretty much a dive bar, no frills and the bathroom can get pretty gross.  I usually use the men's room.  My friends and I would be there at least 3 weekends out of a month.  Most nights I came home smelling like smoke with who knows what stuck to the bottom of my shoes but I always had a ball.  6:30p is REALLY early to get there.  We usually arrived around 11p.I've never had a mixed drink there, but you can get a picture of Heffe for $5.  You can't beat that!
