5	Have I mentioned that this is my favorite store? They are always getting new merchandise and the prices are awesome. I go there anytime I get a chance. They have everything from clothing and shoes, all the way to pots and pans.
3	OK, so I don't usually shop at this type of store just because it takes so much time to look through the racks to find what you want and/or a good deal.  I think the trick is that you can't go in there with something in mind; you just have to go in there and see what you find.I was looking for capri pants in the off-season, and had been to Ross and TJ Maxx prior to going into Marshalls.  I had zero luck at either of the other stores.  At least I was able to find some capris, and for a good price at Marshalls.  But I'm picky and the styles just weren't what I was looking for so I walked out empty-handed.
2	This review is strictly about the check out girl I had.I dont know if she had just woken up (at 5pm on a fri), if she was new, high..... she tried to take the security tag of my pants backwards. I had to physically turn her hand over after watching her fail about 10 times AND after 10 more times of telling her "I think you need to flip it over...". I didnt do it rudely mind you, but i was clear she had no clue what she was doing. She even left the needle part on my pants.
3	This location is clean and never too busy. I usually go here to for the housewares area. They often have the Pyrex storage containers that I like to use in my pantry. There fragrances and bath items can be nice too.Clothes are nothing noteworthy. I rarely even browse those sections anymore. The TJ Maxx off of Camelback has a much better selection of nicer brand names (free people, theory, etc.)
4	I have to update and upgrade my review because I've found Marshalls to be a great place to go for children's books, toys, and clothes!  When the children's books go on clearance, you could easily get them for $1 or $2 each.  Normally priced, I'd say the books sell for at least 30% less than retail.  As far as the children's clothes are concerned, I have found some of the same items at Costco for the same price, so it would be a toss up on where you'd rather buy those from.  But in either case, they are significantly cheaper than retail, probably by almost half.  Kids go through everything so quickly, so this is a great place to get name brand stuff for less.
4	The customer service was pretty good. I found paper, denim and cloth brand from NY for really cheap... awesome deals!
5	I've always had great luck with their kitchen and home goods section. My husband has found amazing pans and pots. We've gotten Yankee candles and great dog toys on the cheep. It's clean and the staff has always been helpful. Worth checking out!
