4	Ok, reviewing a drug store is sort of like kissing your sister.   But this one is actually quite nice.  It's new, it's well stocked and the staff are very helpful.   If you happen to be in the area and need something... these folks can help.   Just don't kiss their sisters.
4	yay CVS! i swear, Vegas has everything. i was so happy to see my favorite drug-store chain here. you can't miss the sign outside. it's perfect for the summertime to get your bottled water fix. forgetabout paying $3.50 at the hotels for a damn water. only gripe is that this location gets CRAZY crowded. you stand in the line forever just to buy a pack of gum and a water. it's because only ONE person is ringing the customers up.
3	I stopped here to pick up some Candy for The Better Half (TBH).  She loves the Dove Dark Chocolate Candy and was having a bad day at work.....so to avoid bringing the bad Karma home, I surprised her with the Candy.Normally, I go to Walgreens, but it wasn't in the area and this CVS was on my way home.  It was a quick in/out and the cashier scanned in her CVS Card so I could get the discount.  Does anyone ever use their card or does the cashier always use theirs?  I never bring my card.Overall, it was a typical CVS Pharmacy experience.  Clean store, friendly employees.Will I return?  You bet.
3	This CVS is clean, orderly, and has great staff.  I can't say that I'm a fan, because that's just odd, but it's a good place to stop for small things.
4	I am so happy that this place is so close to home.  And so cost friendly for good products.It is a clean store with a multitude of useful products and friendly staff.  My favorite thing to buy here is Hand Sanitizer in the big pumps lol.
4	Love CVS and their sales. But this is the smallest CVS in Vegas so there isn't a lot of things in stock. But the workers are all super nice & friendly. They will give you rain checks. They close early too at 10pm this location.
5	I switched to WalMart 215 Cheyanne when I lost my insurance thinking i would save money. WHAT A NIGHTMARE!!  At first it was great, Walmart had a nice employese who cared, then that employee was gone.  After so much frustration, I took my script back to CVS on Tenaya and Craig....The gentleman who was at the window (at the drive thru) was my knight in shining Armour, JASON. This gentleman had brown hair, mid twenties and super nice. He asked me if I had insurance, which i gave the short version, and he guided me to the CVS discount pharmacy plan....HOLY MOLY!!! He helped me get signed up and I saved 33.00 on my first script!!!! I am switching everything back to the CVS!!!!  That saves me 400 a year on thatscript alone...and it is filled very quickly (as compared to the walmart......i cannot say how many hours and days i wasted trying to get my prescriptions!)
2	The prices here stink, even if you have that stupid little card. This particular location rarely ever restocks their drinks, I walk in there every time disappointed with the selection. I started going to a better location now, but I used to hit up this place before work almost every day and it blows. The cashiers are usually friendly, but there was this one that was particularly bitchy all the time. I haven't seen her around lately so hopefully she got fired.
5	This is for the Pharmacy...Its very well run and everyone is so helpful and friendly. I've always received my prescription when promised so I wouldn't hesitate to use this as your home pharmacy.
1	This is the WORST pharmacy I have ever used! Customer service is horrible, there is always a long wait and twice now I have dropped off a prescription and heard nothing for days about it being ready, I go to pick it up and they don't have it and have to order. Courtesy call? None. Central location to my house is the only reason why I ever used this pharmacy, from now on I will drive the extra mile! Steer clear!
1	Is there a score less then one star, because that's what I give this place. I am forced to get some of my prescription filled here, because of my pharmacy insurance. I have NEVER encountered anything you would call customer service, I one time called in some refills, now most places will have them done the same day, however this place asks me to come by in three days to pick them up, and when I was on hold I was told if they weren't going to ready if get a call. Well come the day and time, I swing by to pick them up, and then I'm told they couldn't get a hold of my doctor so they couldn't fill them. I knew I'd be seeing the doctor soon so I told them is have just have her write new ones. I drop off the new prescriptions and the pharmacist decides she's not going to fill them because it's a they are big prescription. I tell her that is how they've been written every other time I've dropped them off, she just decided she had a problem with it, even thou it is written by the same doctor that has written all the other ones, and it was written the way the insurance company wanted them done. She wasn't filling them. I would only use the drive thru so not to spend extra money in the place. I have spent my last penny in this or any CVS.
