4	I remember this place used to always be really busy, I don't know what's happened. Nothing has really changed. As usual, the staff are great. A few authentic Italian voices are a welcome change. They are very attentive and the waiter that we had last time (didn't catch the name, very tall, can't miss) was cracking jokes all night. Time to get back here people, don't let this place go down!
3	Giuliano's is another Italian restaurant on Leith Walk and this one is probably the most popular.  I'm not too sure why, however, as my experience in this place didn't really stand up to that of the others in the area.  It looks inviting and stylish from the outside, and the interior decor is also contemporary and comfortable.  The menu has the usual pizzas, bruschettas and pasta dishes as well as some tempting deserts like their homemade tiramisu.  I went for the pepperoni pizza which tasted pretty good when it arrived some forty mintues after I ordered it.  Also, it was barely warm when it arrived and the last few mouthfuls were cold.The place is virtually always busy, but even so the staff just don't seem to care.  I douibt I'll be back here again, but plenty of locals seem to visit reguarly so it must be doing something right.
4	You really can't go wrong with Giuliano's if you're looking for some hearty Italian scran, or a pre theatre munch.This used to be our port of call when me and my friends were coming through to see Edinburgh shows. I first experienced this place in early 2003, which is becoming a terrifyingly long time ago now. However, this place hasn't changed a bit in that time. Rather than seem old, it's rather comforting that it has largely remained the same- why fix it if it ain't broke?Anyway, I've always had tasty snacks in here. We have always been caught on the hop when seeing a show but takeaway service was prompt. It looks like an equally nice place to sit in, and the quality of food and service is great. Like Dino's in Glasgow, it manages to fill the position of both a place to get a quick bite to eat and a full blown place to sit down and have a meal. I have never been disappointed and I daresay I'll be back next time I'm seeing a show at the Playhouse.
2	I love Italian food and there is plenty to be had in Edinburgh.  When I heard Giuliano's did gluten-free pizza, I thought it would be a great opportunity to try it as I had a friend visiting from Canada with gluten allergies.  So, four of us went, were greeted by friendly staff and were promptly shown to our table.The restaurant itself has a pleasantly tacky decor, trying to emulate what I would imagine to be Italian sculptures, photos of Italian scenery and copious vine leaves. Despite the cheese, I did enjoy it for what it was.They have a pretty extensive menu with a variety of salads, antipasto, pasta, pizza and traditional Italian dishes.  My friend and I decided on the red house wine and our partners got glasses of Peroni.  This was when our waiter eventually decided to come over.The service, from our experience, is what really let this place down. While there were a number of servers there that seemed keen and attentive, our waiter was the better part of uninterested in us.  While we were pouring over the menu, another couple sat down beside us. After waiting for about 5-10 minutes without having even been greeted at their table, they left.  The front of house could not understand why they left and I felt like telling him it was because the waiter they had on our particular section was rubbish.  He finally came to our table to take our drink orders, and when we eventually got to put in our food order, it was very promptly brought to the table. However, he did not once check if we needed anything else, or if we even wanted water and we found it difficult to get his attention.  Now I am not the type of person that expects a waiter to be at your table every 5 seconds asking if things are OK because that is also undesirable.  However, when they take ages just to even acknowledge you are there or offer a drink, then don't even check later on to see how your meal is doing I think it's unacceptable.  On to the food! Our guests raved about the Caesar salad, and it did look quite nice so I did wish that I tried it.  For my main I had a mushroom ravioli.  While you got a big portion and it was nice enough, it was slightly mushy and not hot, just kind of luke warm.  But it was fine and I ate it all.  My friend's gluten-free pizza looked nice, as did the lasagne and canalonni type dish my partner had.  The food overall was fine, not excellent but certainly satisfactory even though I've had much better.Giuliano's is fine if you are looking for a quick Italian meal with a bit of Italian cheese-factor thrown in in terms of the decor, the happy birthday shenanegins (they dim the lights and play music, then sing) and the overall atmosphere.  The prices aren't too bad and the house red is nice.  In terms of Italian restaurants overall in Edinburgh though, this is not one I would hurry back to. I found the food to be slightly sub-par although edible and the fact that our waiter could just not be bothered are deterrents.  But I would recommend people try it for themselves if they are remotely interested in going. I would probably suggest Vittoria's or La Favourita as excellent alternatives though.
4	We went to see Oliver while we in Edinburgh but did not dine before the show. We walked out of the playhouse and directly across the street was Giuliano's.  At first, it looked like any pizza parlor but after getting thru the front and seated we discovered it was a full fledge restaurant.We had pizza anyway.  It was very good.  The menu looked great, the other diners appeared to be regulars who were enjoying themselves.  I would go back if I was ever in Edinburgh.
5	Mmmm, real gorgeous Italian food. Colin and I went in here for a late night dinner one night after seeing Monty Python's Spamalot in the playhouse (an amazing show may I add!) and before heading back to our hotel ('twas our anniversary, decided to make a weekend of it!) It was about 10pm when we got out of the theatre, and decided that absolutely nowhere would still be serving food at this time, until Colin remembered he and his dad had went here for a late night meal once, so we popped over, were warmly welcomed, and taken to our table (which, as you can imagine at this time, there was an abundance of). Service was impeccable, food was impeccable (how can you beat some good Italian pasta?!) (I've used so many parentheses in this review). Great place to eat if you're down at the theatre and needing a late night place for some great food, and I do mean good food!
3	Mediocre rather forgettable food. So forgettable that I reminded myself to keep it in mind how forgettable it was, a year ago. Now I can finally tell you all how forgettable it was.I came here with a group, it was all paid for by my University department, so I shouldn't really complain.... Difficult not to though, noticing the lack of ambiance when walking in and the high prices. I wouldn't have entered of my own accord.We were allowed wine and three courses off the set menu.Minestrone-lacking in flavour, overcooked vegetables, obviously this had been hanging around for a bit in a pot.Pizza-Marginally better than frozen pizza? I'm not even convinced of that. Very little in the way of toppings, soft base. Flavour definitely lacking.Pudding-lemon sorbet. Clearly bought in (that generic type which is served in a lemon and surprises those who have never tried it).Overall, not something I would pay for, especially considering that taste Italy is just across the road, which is cheaper, less pretentious, and offers tastier and fresher food.
