5	fantastic - altered hubbie's hugo boss suit to perfection after some other butcher just about ruined it; altered my wedding dress and actualy showed me and my mum how to tie it, (and took the time to tie it properly and make sure the back was smooth - unlike the shop I actually bought it from) and have also altered several skirts for me. They are my alteration place of choice and I think they are fabby! I've not used their dressmaking and suit making service, but it seems to be pretty reasonable as well
5	After an incredibly depressing experience at a different bridal shop, I came to Pan Pan.  I was greeted by wonderfully friendly staff in a gorgeous and immaculate shop.I mentioned that I was looking for a vintage, 20s style dress, and the sales assistant informed me that I'd come to exactly the right place as one of the designers they carry specialises in 20s styling.  She had me pick out the dresses I liked, and then based on what suited me best, she chose a few for me as well.  All of the dresses were handled with gloves to keep them clean, and shoes were left out of the dressing room.  I was informed that if there was anything I didn't like about a dress, they would most likely be able to sort it - eg: if it was too low cut, of if there was a specific bit of detailing I didn't like, or wanted to add.  The sales assistant even brought me discontinued (and therefore on sale!) dresses of the designer I liked.  She was more concerned with helping me find THE dress, than she was with making a big sale.  I was thrilled with the level of customer service and pampering I received.Unfortunately, I didn't buy my dress here because the one I loved was far beyond my budget.  I would, however, love to have the dress I chose altered here, as I believe that the staff at Pan Pan would do the perfect job.
5	Not wanting to return to the scene of the crime (where I actually bought my dress), I turned to Pan Pan for alterations.  When I brought my dress in, it needed cleaning and altered, and my plan was to sort out alterations before turning to cleaning.  Turns out, they have a relationship with a drycleaner in Glasgow who I was told is "the best" and who would pick up and return my dress to Pan Pan.  The dry cleaning was exorbitant, but the pick up and drop off service practically made it worth it as I didn't have to worry about a thing.  I was advised to have the dress cleaned first as there was a slight chance it may change shape or shrink a bit and it was therefore better to complete the alterations afterwards.  Once the dress was returned, I returned to Pan Pan for my fitting.  The owner (I think?) was incredibly lovely the whole time, oohing and awing over my dres and telling me how eligent I looked.  The fitting took minutes while she quickly pinned everything into place, using her expertise while listening to my opinions.She scheduled my return visit at that time, saying that if any additional alterations were necessary they would be happy to do more, but especting that everything would be in line for me to take my dress home then and there.  I picked the dress up on Friday.  It's weird enough when you buy your wedding dress, but it's hard to visualise how it will really be when it is as ill-fitting as mine was.  Putting on the final product was surreal.  The fit was, however, perfect, and I'm so glad I entrusted my dress to Pan Pan.
5	I can not  recommend  Pan Pan highly enough. Li ( owner) and her assistant Innes are so lovely and make you feel very comfortable.They have an incredible range of dresses, and they know how to help you find the best dress for you. I was in there for two hours and was able to try as many dresses as I liked with out feeling under any pressure. The dresses are not cheap however Innes went out of her way to suggest affordable options of dresses I loved including samples which are massively reduced.Do not be put off by some people's reviews about having to wear white gloves when looking etc, I bought a sample dress which was in excellent condition because people are not allowed to touch the dresses with out gloves -  the dresses are white so it makes perfect sense !You are best to book an appointment and then you have the help and time needed as they only ever see one bride  at a time which is why it's so much more less stressful than places where you are with about ten other girls!Honestly if you want stress free dress shopping  with evey dress designer known then go here.
