4	Clean, classy, and like a blast from the past.  I have fond memories of visiting a See's Candy store as a kid -- smelling the fresh chocolate and letting my gaze wander over the amazing selection of chocolates.  Not much has changed in 20-30 years.    And to be honest, I think that's a good thing.  The showroom might seem sterile and, well ...  'white'.  (Almost like a really clean and spacious bathroom).  But be sure to ask for whatever samples they might have available -- they won't even make you buy anything (but I dare you to walk out without giving some of your money to those nice old ladies that work behind the counter).I've taken my two daughters there (11 and 8) and they keep asking me when we're going to go back.  The staff at See's Candy's really seem to know how to treat kids nicely.I'd give this place 5 stars, but their prices are a bit high.  You do get a quality product, but you definitely pay for it.
4	If it ain't broke don't fix it!!! I agree with other reviewer this place has not changed since I was a kid (albeit I did not actually go this one - I grew up in SF and the one I went to actually made the candy - off of El Camino in South San Fran). I received a gift certificate and decided to stop by. I was greeted by a lady dressed as Mrs Sees. I nearly forgot about that..... She was very helpful in selecting chocolates. I've been to Godiva and did not get the same quality service as I did here. Before you go and spend bucks at other candy places. Don't forget about Sees, they've been around for this long for a reason.....
5	All I have to say is thank goodness they don't have this store back where I am from or I would gain soooo much weight.This store generously gave both my mom and I a full size candy to try (not just a sliver) and even gave us an extra one for my grandma who was waiting in the car. Everything we brought home was really really good. I will miss this place but I am sure my waist won't.
4	Great-looking storefront!  With all of the greenery (lush trees, shrubs, and flowers), I felt like I was on vacation somewhere tropical!  And this experience, even if only for a few seconds, is a wonderful feeling-- a sweet gift, if you will!  :)Some of the usual items on display aren't since the staff has brought out all of their Easter items.  Lots of cute pastel-colored and foiled hollow bunnies (both in milk and dark chocolate), mini-eggs, larger eggs, both hollow and filled, jelly beans, pastel-colored truffles, and decorated eggs to choose from.  I lamented that none of the mini-chocolate bunnies ($1.15) came in dark chocolate, but I was told that they came in medium- and large-sized chocolate rabbits  ($5.65 and $9.70, respectively).I came in for 13 candy bars in both milk and dark chocolate, and left with those plus three mini-chocolate milk bunnies.  [Shh!!  The dark chocolate bars with almonds are for me!]  :DNote:  As you may or may not know, one of See's trademarks is to offer everyone a sample.  What you may not know is that the clerks are given at least two or three truffle selections to choose from, which means you may or may not get what the person in front of you received.  Today, my surprise free sample was a dark chocolate bordeaux, with brown sugar buttercream.  Haven't eaten it yet...  I wonder when, if ever, See's will ever switch out the corn syrup from some of their products to pure cane sugar?  One can only hope someday soon...
5	No complaints. Always excellent quality. Great service. And when there are crowds due to an upcoming holiday, they are organized to minimize the wait. I appreciate that they anticipate it and make the effort.
5	Love this place! Great chocolate, service & atmosphere. And free samples just make me so happy! Raspberry cream truffle is to die for!
5	Best homemade from scratch candy. The definite must try.
4	The ideal place to buy a hostess gift. Good candy of all kinds from a reliable chain. Staff helpful. Decent parking except when neighboring pizza place uses up all available parking for a couple of blocks. Schedule accordingly.
5	I just went for the very first time. I was having a nostalgic moment and decided I would hit the local branch near my home. Growing up, my mother bought several Kinds of Easter Candy that were always in the basket. Then she continued the tradition with my children. My mother passed away 8 years ago and this year I suddenly remembered the candies. I went in last week and immediately spotted the candies. The service was delightful and they seemed happy to help a newcomer. I mailed all the candies to my grown children who were delighted with the memories created of their beloved Grandmother. I'm really happy that I sauntered in and I plan to continue the tradition as well as starting some new ones.
