4	My husband Rick likes this store for his business wear and some of his sports wear.  He likes that there are salespeople here who actually wait on him, fit him, and make recommendations.  He also likes the dress shoes here.We bought his last suit here on sale.  It was originally $550.00, on sale for $199.00.  And I gotta tell ya, it fits him so well and looks so good on him!  I love being seen with my guy when he's wearing that suit!  I work pretty close to the Downtown location, and since they're having a sale, he asked me to pick up a couple of dress shirts for him.  The salesman  there helped me pick out a couple of shirts that would go well with his suit.Yes, Jos. A. Bank's is a little more expensive than many places.  Indeed, it is quite a bit more expensive than Target or Walmart.  Y'know what though?  You get what you pay for, and my guy is one of those who'd rather pay a little more and get clothes that look good on him, especially for business.  He's one of those guys who wants his clothes to be well made and to last.
1	Terrible tuxedo rentals! I went here 2 months before my good friend's wedding to get sized and order my tuxedo. The salesman who measured me did not know what he was doing, continued to ask someone else if he was 'doing it right' and made me extremely uncomfortable. At the moment I wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt that he would get it right. When I picked it up, it did not fit!! They go through a third party and did not have an easy way to remedy the situation. They had to ship a replacement to where I was going since it was an out of town wedding. I had to return it to another Jos. A Bank store because I did not want to go back to the RPM location to see the guy that fit me originally. When I returned I wanted to see what they could do for my extreme amount of inconvenience and they hassled me when I wanted a refund! I was going to use them for my bridal party tuxedos next year, but no way now. All the employees there just said they go through a third party so its no wonder their rentals are not easier! Ha! POOR EXCUSE FOR A GENTLEMAN'S STORE. Oh, and its very very expensive!However, Jack from the RPM store was very kind and helped to make a bad situation better.
