4	Another classic college town coffee shop on State Street, this one is part of a small local chain that has a special devotion to their wide variety of exotic coffees.  Long and narrow, you step up to a smaller split-level room in the back hung with paintings by local artists.
4	Good coffee, friendly staff, and free wifi make this State Street joint  nice place to relax, study, or kill a few hours.
4	Decent coffee, good tea. The staff is nice and that's the most important thing, really. My only complaint is that sometimes,the wifi doesn't work, even if you have the login.
5	Mmmm coffee! I'd never have gotten through undergrad if it weren't for this place. Try the orange cappucino; it's delicious!
4	Great coffee, excellent tea, and astute service is what you will find here.  They  have a limited selection of breads and pastries if you're hungry, and the wireless internet can be unreliable at times.  It's always clean, and it's usually easy to get an outlet.  Steep & Brew does attract a decent number of non-studying people which may make for loud distracting conversations, so bring your headphones if you have ADD like me.
4	Yes, I agree with other reviewers - they do brew a good cup of coffee. I'm not a coffee connoisseur, but I believe that they're coffee is smoother in taste. The pastries in the glass case didn't appeal to me too much. During the summer month, Steep & Brew place a vendor at the farmer's market square. They're blueberry iced coffee is a must try!
4	Another one of the great coffee shops I've spent many times in when in Madison. Almost everything they have is good, but just about every time I went there, I had one of their specialty coffee drinks (they have new ones approximately every month). Also, for those who want to start brewing their own coffee or tea at home, they have plenty of supplies for sale for this purpose. Finally, the place itself has plenty of area to either chat with people or to read and have a coffee drink. Highly recommended.
4	Great coffee, laid back atmosphere.  Lots of seating.  Quiet.  It's an almost perfect coffeeshop.  (Only thing that would make it better on my list would be if it was just a little more hippie and counterculture... but that's just me.)They have a large collection of travel and stainless coffee mugs.  If I lived in Madison this would definitely be one of my hangouts.
5	Awesome coffee, delicious French sodas, and they've got some great fancier drink options. I love that they're local, and love even more that the service is very friendly and quick, plus their coffeeshop has lots of seating and tables to space out at. A definite added bonus is that their prices are very, very reasonable, and you can pick up their ground or whole bean coffees at nearly all the grocers in town. I'm especially a fan of their flavored coffees, which still taste like good coffee but also taste like their particular flavor. (A particular favorite of mine is the Oatmeal Cookie roast.)
4	I came here to do a few hours of work. I ordered the cider, which was served in a huge glass with cinammon sticks. Yum! I sat down at a table upstairs in the back because there were a number of electric outlets available, which I needed for my computer. I was able to work here for many hours since it was nice and quiet. I like the way it's decorated and arranged inside too.
5	Great coffee, I get it by the pound now.  It's true, their breakfast blend is award-winning.  Steep and Brew is my new favorite coffee stop in Madison.
2	Met my honey here on our very first date :) But - had some orange dreamsicle latte that was disgusting and it was also very very quiet in there - no music and tons of people studying, so it felt like a library. We had to leave just so we could talk.
5	One thing that I forget about University towns is that it's totally ok to be a bum and waste hours of your life away in coffee shops. I'll remember this again soon enough. I tried to train myself to get back into that mindset when I recently visited WI. Though I decided against attending UWisc in the fall, I am quite envious that they have this fine place here. It reminded me of the higher-end places back in the Bay Area. They pulled a mean espresso and they also do per-cup drip coffees. The furniture is excellently comfy as well...I almost finished an incredibly long book while I was there because I comfortably lost track of time.
5	The campus Steep and Brew has everything I need in a coffee shop.  They'll fill my to-go cup with a coffee of the day, sell me ground coffee to take to work, or let me hang out with a book or my laptop as long as I like.  I even bought a single-serving French press here for under $10, so that I can make fresh coffee at work.  The baked goods aren't made on-site, but they're always fresh and enjoyable (and huge, but that's the way it is everywhere).  Sometimes the place gets crowded, but they take care of you as quickly as they can, and in spite of a fair amount of turnover, they always seem to have a friendly staff that knows what they're serving.  My chosen coffee-shop comparison index treat, iced mocha, comes out just fine here, though it doesn't make the best-ever level.Nothing fancy about any of this, but I've been to so many other coffee shops that can't get the basics straight.  I've been to this place hundreds of times and the worst problem I've ever had is a tricky internet connection.  I admire that kind of consistency.
5	This is definitely one the best places to get coffee in Madison. I almost never hang out in coffee shops, and yet I've spent many hours studying in Steep & Brew throughout the years. The atmosphere is perfect for meeting up with friends to study or hang out. It's quiet and laid back, but not so quiet that you'll be uncomfortable. They've got 4 different sections you can sit in (including outside) which all have pretty comfortable chairs.I love the fact that you can get a quart-sized cup of coffee here for a dollar or two. They've got plenty of other drinks on the menu as well. Everything tastes really good, comes in massive portions, and is dirt-cheap. And unlike a lot of coffee shops on State Street, they actually take credit cards.
5	God how I miss this place!  Any time I'm visiting home on State Street I'll get my caffeine fix here.  It's the perfect atmosphere to get some studying done, grab a cup of coffee if you're in a hurry, or have long, intellectual conversations about whether or not American's can be persuaded to change milk brands because of TV-induced fear.  The environment is cozy and dark, but not to the point where you'll find people passed out  face down in their books.  The coffee is excellent and they have a lot of choices at very reasonable prices.  They should hold coffeeshop owner conferences here to spread the good word on how it's done!
4	Awesome coffee selection, great working environment.  They offer a wide variety of beans, and will make a single pour-over of any bean they have.  The barrista was very knowledgeable, and the bean he recommended for my taste preferences (the Costa Rican Noir) was exactly what I wanted.  In fact, I came back for a second cup, it was that good.  Reasonably priced (~$2.50 for a half-liter large coffee), with waffles and oatmeal in addition to the usual coffee-shop scones and muffins.This was not the most absurdly gourmet coffee experience of my life, but the coffee was darn good, the chairs were comfy, the wifi was reliable (although there is a shortage of electrical outlets), and the service was excellent.  I'll definitely come back next time I'm in Madison.
1	Terrible service.I encountered the most apathetic, unknowledgeable baristas here. They didn't know where their teas are from, didn't know what the coffee blends were blended from, didn't know where their coffees came from and couldn't give even a halfway decent description of either the coffee or tea flavor profiles I asked about. For being a local shop that likes to brag about it's age and coffee know-how, the staff was ridiculously short on information.It's been my experience that coffee shops unwilling to provide this basic info have something to hide, usually along the lines of ripping off the farms they get their beans from. If they don't tell you what farms they use, you can't easily do any checking on things like the conditions of the workers, or the farming methods. Would you want to support a coffee roaster/cafe that rips off the farmers and/or contributes to deforestation? I don't. Does Steep and Brew do these things? We have no way of easily knowing... I for one won't be supporting them anymore.Terrible drink.With a name like *Steep* and Brew, I expected the tea to be at least decent. I would have settled for drinkable. The Darjeeling tasted like stale, bitter, muddy water. I have to admit, it is pretty impressive to make a loose leaf tea be an epic fail.The only thing this place has going for it, is the large amount of seating and free wi-fi. If you don't care where what you consume comes from (and sadly, the vast majority of people don't) you'll probably like this place fine. If you have a conscience, you'll find a more trustworthy coffee shop.
5	Steep N Brew is one of the best and oldest coffee houses on State Street. They roast their own beans and are locally owned. Plus their baristas are pleasant and knowledgable! Amazing place. It is my java hut of choice on State--I have been going here for nearly five years.
4	I LOVE STEEP AND BREW!My daily stop for the 5 years that I worked in Madison.  They are great here, prompt, friendly, and usually great coffee.  Their pastries are phenomenal, some of the best I've ever tasted!  However, I docked them a star because they advertise "never scorched," but at times their coffee tastes.. well scorched (yuck)!  The scorched coffee is only a sometimes occurance, it never kept me from walking in the door every day.  I also love that they seem to be very politically involved and interested in their community and equal rights for everyone (yes, even THE GAYS lol).  Regardless that I'm hetero, I think that it's super cool when a company will stick their neck out to support the only group of people that it's still socially acceptable to discriminate against.  KUDOS KUDOS!
3	In response to the one girl complaining about not getting any foam on her latte, lattes aren' supposed to come with foam.  If you want foam then you order a cappuccino.Anyways, I've been there a few times.  I feel like the baristas there are kind of akward, well, ordering there in general is akward though I like the layout of the place in general.  Many of the tables tip side to side but there are lots of outlets, music isn't too loud, and you can usually find a place to sit.I dislike their glass cups and feel like they lose a lot of heat that way.  However, their ice tea is very good and it is hard to find good iced tea downtown.I only give them an A-OK because there are better cafes around but as far as state street I'd rather go to steep n brew than espresso royale or some more expensive others.  Their coffee is pretty decent too and the price isn't too bad.Also, many clientele are sketchy, especially in summer.  Something about steep n brew really reels them in.If you really want great coffee you should simply avoid state street and hit up Barriques, EVP, or electic earth.
2	Mmmm, supposedly homemade pastries!  a lil too much on the sweet rather than savory side though.  The chai was good but their soy milk was wierd.  I tasted the espresso in my lady's capp and it seemed over roasted or too bitter.  The usual overly friendly and caffeinated staff.  There seemed to be lots of comfy nooks although a bum took up the best spot. . .
3	Baristas are always nice and I really appreciate them. Coffee's just fine. But y'all need to get a handle on your baked goods! Well, maybe just the bagels ... if you don't use them all up in a day, DON'T keep them!  Give a charitable donation (all baked goods in fact!), send them home with employees, sell them for super cheap at night, anything but sell them to us the next day. I could literally hear my jaw crack/pop when I was trying to eat one. Ughhhhhhhhhhhh I spent money on that? Come on.
5	BEST COFFEE IN MADISON!  After returning from Italy with a significant addiction to espresso, I discovered that all espresso is not created equal in the US!  The espresso in Italy was so smooth that I consistently drank it straight with no sugar.  Back here, espresso tends to be excessively bitter and weaker.  It seems that most coffee shops split shots, which forces twice as much water through the same amount of coffee making the espresso much weaker.  Steep & Brew not only has a consistently excellent roast (it's been bitter a few times but I'd still give them a 95% for consistency) but they also serve a straight shot.  Frankly, you are getting more for your money AND better coffee.  They have an excellent selection of coffees and will  brew a cup of whichever variety you desire.  Their tea selection is also very diverse and attention is paid to proper steeping times.  Complete with a nice sitting area with room to read, meet a friend or study with a group, it's hard to beat this locally owned coffee shop!To sum things up:  excellent coffee, great selection, best espresso in town and a very friendly staff.  Support local businesses!
3	This isn't really a coffee shop... it's a second home for UW students. We were here for probably 5 hours and hardly saw anyone come or go... everyone was there the same amount of time we were.I wasn't impressed by the coffee or the iced tea and they definitely could bus the tables throughout the day to make it feel cleaner. But then again... coffee, wi-fi, and leather chairs... served our purpose for the day.
3	Average coffee. Tried the Guatemala Noir. Smooth but low on flavor.
4	best chai in the cityand some good coffee
3	This is my first time to Steep & Brew. I got a caramel latte, iced (I'm a child of the suburbs, give me a break) On first impulse, it seems like the espresso isn't the greatest, or at least in comparison to Starbucks down the street. On the other hand, it seems like a place that's a lot easier to study than Starbucks. It's much less clustered and busy, which is big if you're trying to do some reading. I'd rather give this place a 3.5/5 than just a 3/5, but it's closer to a 3 than a 4 for me. Also, if you're in the mood for some soft-rock slow jams, this is your joint.
5	My all time favorite coffee shop in Madison!Steep & Brew is a nice place to stop while you are on State hitting up the farmer's market. I used to study here with friends too. When it is nice outside, you can sit in their outdoor patio area. They have excellent coffee and a great selection of tea. Compared to other coffee shops, the number of tea choices is much larger.The prices are great and you can get both a small coffee (minus lattes) and tea for around $5. They also have punch cards. After 10 drinks, you get one on the house. The staff is friendly. Depending on the time of day, there can be a wait, but it's worth it.They accept debit cards, but charge a fee for using credit cards...FYI if that's a problem for you.
2	Not sure what the attraction is about this place...other than the location.  Just not good espresso drinks.
3	I don't think Steep&Brew separates itself enough from a place like Starbucks. I know Starbucks gets a lot of crap for burned coffee/bad beans, but I don't think you can insert the name of a local coffee shop and expect everything to be better. Steep&Brew just doesn't really seem to have something for me. I didn't like their espresso enough (not really a surprise in the world of espresso) and they didn't have an enormous selection of food.All else aside, the sticky buns are great when they are warm and sticky and the mochas/lattes will tide you over when you need a fix of caffeine.
4	They put together their own tea bags based on what you order...that is straight up amaze balls. Also they are open crazy late so we walked in after going  for a stroll after going out for dinner! Loved having some digestive soothing trifecta tea after dinner! PLENTY of seating space! Check out the upstairs level while you're there!
3	The storefront is deceivingly small. The cafe actually opens up to two additional levels of seating, which is AWESOME. Free wifi is a plus as well.S&B is a great alternative to the Starbucks just down the street if you are in the mood for less mainstream drink options, or if you are looking for a more homey environment to study/work in. As a loyal Starbucks customer holding a gold reward card, I have to say the financial perks of spending cash on coffee at Starbucks is much more enticing to me. That's not to say I won't be back if I crave an orange cappuccino! :9
3	Stopped in here for some flavored ice coffee over the weekend.  The barista went out of her way to make sure our drinks had enough syrup added.  So no complaints on the coffee portion of our visit ... until using the coffee bar.  The coffee bar was rather dirty.  They had simple syrup sweetener available that looked like it was years old with crystals  on the bottom.  They provide a water jug with plastic cups... but I couldn't tell which cups were clean.  Before leaving we used the bathroom, the upstairs smelled horrible like BO and uncleaned bathrooms.  The decor of the upstairs and the bathroom left much to desire, it felt uninviting and out dated.For our next Sunday Stroll on State street, I think we'll try one of the other coffee shops.
3	I came to Steep & Brew seeking a Starbucks alternative, and they filled that role capably enough. The interior is bland but clean, and there's plenty of space to work. Baristas are friendly, and that's a plus. The coffee, though, was kind of a disappointment. Overbrewed and burnt-tasting. Reminders of a past (and best forgotten) era of coffee. That said, they'll get a bump for the service/environment.
4	Nice ambiance, great tasting coffee in the morning. I also think it's one of the only places that's open early in the morning. It's also child friendly if you have a 1 year old.
5	Great coffee, nice ambiance, ecclectic crowd, I went in planning to people watch state street while enjoying a caffeine boost and spent most of my time eavesdropping on the bizarre conversations going on around me...very entertaining.
3	I can't stay to study here, due to their bad internet connection. I've always in need of good connection to search for the references I need for my writing/paper.But, this place is to enjoy a cup of good coffee and to hang out and meet with friends. Also, Fresh Madison Market often gives some coupons at the back of their receipt (so yeah, don't waste it, take it and make use of it) and Steep & Brew is one of the stores that actively participates. Nice of them.The barista never gave me a dirty look for any coupon I brought to them :) and their motto saying: "We ice anything" is one good news for Summer! :)
2	So the coffee is good but the staff is incredibly loud and screaming does not make for a relaxing atmosphere at all.
5	This place is the bomb. I am oh too used to making the Starbucks run out of pure convenience, but I will definitely try to make it to Steep & Brew more often. I buy their ground coffee from Fresh Market almost weekly. I'd say I was religious for their Highlander Grog (heaven in a coffee cup). I stopped in last night and ordered the seasonal cinnamon and spice latte. I originally ordered it with skim milk, but the barista accidentally used whole. Can't say I was too disappointed with this slip up, we always secretly hope for whole milk, right? Haha. Anyways, I paid for my drink and left to go to the library. Honestly I wish I could have stuck around and studied there, the place is so cute! My latte was deeeee-lish. One of the best I've ever had. I'll definitely be back.
5	Had to write to update on how awesome this place is....came here and actually decided to spend some time in the shop and do my homework. First can I just say that their wifi is awesome. Don't even bother going to Starbucks because it's dreadfully slow. This place on the other hand - top notch. Second, when you order drinks in store you get them in really cool glass cups with handles. I'm really sad I forgot to take a picture of them because they are so cool. I'm thinking of buying (or stealing? Just kidding...maybe.) a set for my apartment. I had the Chai Tea Latte and it was delish. My friend had a cookie and said it was not up to her standards but she has pretty high cookie standards so that's no surprise. All in all, this place rocks. You go, Steep & Brew.
2	Looking for a midafternoon coffee pick me up around State Street brought us to Steep & Brew, a place cuter in name than appearance. It looks like a functional coffee shop for studying, devoid of state college charm and looking more like a Starbucks mixed with Corner Bakery.The coffee was on the weak side, and I had to self-carafe the sucker. The wife's chai tea latte was nothing special. It seems like if you order a specialty, they'll bag it up on the spot; I guess that's kind of cool.
5	Great service and great coffee! My favorite coffeehouse on State Street!
4	I love Steep and Brew, but I don't like this location all that much. I'm often uncomfortable here, but I really don't know why. I mean, it looks fantastic and I've never really had an issue. I can't put my finger on it. The Odana location is great though.
2	I normally love Steep and Brew and buy coffee here all the time...however last night when I went here to study it was a really bad experience. The baristas seemed more focused on talking to each other and their friends than waiting on customers, continuously turned up the music so loud we had to ask them to turn it down, and were cursing loudly so the entire store could hear them: in a word, unprofessional. The coffee was great but the environment was not.
