4	Since i've moved to Tempe, I decided that I needed to find a new nail place. Taking a short ride around my new place, I found Plesant Nails which is down the road from where i now live. That's pretty cool - I can just walk there. I have been going there since Mid-August. I feel I have a very good idea of how this place is. Pros -Ahn is awesome! She's been doing nails for over 10 years. She's very good at drawing designs. Even the crazy ones that I found online. I get tons of compliments everywhere I go. -Chad gives a good pedicure, but sometimes I want to just relax and unwhind and read magazines or the occasional text book, but he talks to me throughout the entire pedicure. I guess its okay, atleast he's funny!-They have relaxing music playing in the background and large plasmas playing movies on mute with subtitles. They are more than fine with stopping the music and turning up the sound on the tv if u want them to. -Their massaging chairs are awesome! If I had the room, I'd totally buy one!-Their lifegel uv gel product is the BEST overlay that I have every ever EVER used. I've had a couple of cracks but Anh has always been able to fix them. They are expen$ive but if you have weak nails like me, its worth it.CONS-After years of traditional dancing from my tribe, I've developed some serious calluses on my feet, especially my heels after my pedicure, I still find myself watching tv while taking a ped egg to my heels on week nights. And that's AFTER the sugar scrub and the callus removal treatment. It often makes me want to skip the pedi entirely.-My appointments can last HOURS!! Its not unusal for me to spend 2 hours at the nail shop. Once, I was there for 4 hours! I have to schedule my appointments for days when I don't have class. -My average bill is from $80-$120 depending on how elaborate my designs are. I've never spent this much on fills, designs, pedi w/sugar scrub & designs on the big toes!-And finally the ultimate con. They nickel and dimed me. What i mean is, they DO have a menu (its under the clipboard u sign when u walk in) however, when I first went in, they didn't tell me about it. They just said for me to tell them what i wanted and they'd make it happen. Me, not knowing any better said a gel overlay with polish and designs and also a pedicure with polish and designs on the big toes. At the end of the day, I spent over $140. I am always explained my charges at the end of the appointment, however - I'm charged for every single service. I didn't mind - per se until I saw the menu. Everything that i got comprises into two bundles that are significantly cheaper (about $20 less) than what I've been charged for for months now. They never told me about the bundles and have discouraged me from reading the menu this entire time. I finally figured out why! With everything added up, i don't know what to think. I love their work - I can TALK to them and we've shared laughs and I love that they are a family business. Its a clean store front and I get nothing but compliments on the quality of my nails.  However, the marathon appointments are hard to make time for in my schedule and the fact that they overcharged me is hard to deal with. I am a fan, that's why I gave the 4 stars. However, they are NOT as good as it gets! I say, if you decide to go READ the menu and be sure you're not over charged for your services. Know that they take their time and you should plan accordingly or perhaps tell them how much time you have to spend there. But know that your nails are going to be more than pleasant, they are going to be beautiful!
4	Terrific find... Ahn and her husband run this place. Friendly, efficient and instead of trying to fit every walk in, they actually honor a schedule and ask you to call ahead. They respect your time, do the nicest french manicure using Gel nails I've ever had. It's a winner and I'm concerned about posting because I don't want to be left without appt availability!
5	I have been going to Pleasant Nails since 2008.  I have since moved to Gilbert and still make the trek over there.  The reason? superb service.  Chad and Ahn know exactly how I like my nails and toes to look and have delivered consistency every time I've been there.  There are only 3 employees working there now (all family) and it is highly recommended to make an appointment.  All appointments are confirmed the night before.My gel nails get compliments all the time.  I will admit, I tried to have someone else do my nails while on vacation...it was a complete disaster!  I went to see Ahn to fix them the next day when I got back.Chad does an excellent job with my pedicures.  The designs I've had done there on occasion are very creative and look great (Burberry, zebra, polka dots, etc).  I would really recommend the aromatherapy pedicure to anyone.  Very nice treat.They are always friendly and it is a very comfortable setting which is very important if you're spending the time to get backfills and pedis regularly.  They also show movies everyday and have very comfortable massage chairs at pedicure bowls.
2	I'm always on the go so I like a place I can just walk in to. Not here... I had to wait 30 min. Chad was WONDERFUL @ the deep massage pedi but my french tips look like shit! They r not straight and he never asked me how they looked before slapping the polish on. Way over priced for the quality. I only gave 2 stars because I can understand what they say and the massage was the best ever, but I will never return!
5	I saw a girl with a great French acrylic nail manicure and she referred me to Pleasant Nails.  That was over 5 years ago.  I have been consistently going there every two weeks ever since.  The backfills are beautiful; the work is meticulous.  I have never had infected cuticles, fungus or any of the other maladies common to having my nails done in the past.  They are mid-priced, conscientious, and professional.  I would highly recommend them to anyone, but make an appointment - you will not be disappointed!
4	I just relocated to Tempe and I was in dire need of a pedicure and manicure so I went to Pleasant Nails. Chad worked on my pedicure and manicure. I had the pomegranate fruit spa pedicure which was amazing! The complimentary drink was a plus! The manicure was great as well. However, i'm giving 4 stars because they are overpriced. I paid 50 dollars total (with tip) for these services. I've never been used to paying that much so I think i'll only go here if I feel like splurging. But other than that, great place and excellent massage chairs.
5	I am a HUGE fan of customer service. I have been to Pleasant Nails 2 times and both times have been great. The first time I was in a hurry and needed to be in and out. I had good timing that day and they were able to get me in. I told them how much time I had and they made sure to get me out on time with amazing nails . Chad was quick yet detailed. His foot massage was the best!!! I enjoyed the conversation with him during my first visit. It was like talking an old friend. On my next visit Ann was amazing. She took her time and was also very detailed. Again it was like talking an old friend as we shared stories about parenting. One thing I thought was nice is while my nails were drying Ann took a quick minute to prepare water for a client who had not yet arrived.  When that client arrived she was greeted by name and with smiles. That small act let me know she was mindful of a client's appointment and respectful of her time. Yes the they are a little pricey and an appointment is always recommended. However I do not paying a little more the service and quality work. This will be my nail shop of choice from now. They are amazing.
