5	Heavenly TEAS!! Snow Geisha!! Mates!! Fresh Teas, it's yummy, and I will never go back to bags and Lipton teas!!
4	When I moved here a few months ago I was sorry to see that this chain of upscale tea shops had not made it to Arizona. So, I was thrilled to see that one opened up in the Biltmore Plaza across from my office building. Teavana is a unique little store that sells, literally, hundreds and teas and blends as well as tea accessories. The staff is familiar with the product and can brew just about anything on premises, so you can try before you buy. The teas are high quality and there is something here for everyone. Also, they have great prepackaged gifts. I have given and gotten gifts from here and love it. I def. recommend the one cup tea maker they use in the store - it is an easy way to make one or two cups of loose tea at home without any mess and it is not terribly expensive. A good alternative for your caffeine fix.
5	Hands down, they have the best, strongest, tastiest teas. And they actually train their employees to know about all the flavors and benefits of each. The stores are all similar in their freakish cleanliness (they're opening in Fashion Square next week), but I suppose it's all about the zen, man. I've been ordering from Teavana.com for a long time, so when this Biltmore location finally opened, I rejoiced. I strongly recommend you try a blend of Queen of Babylon white tea and Rose Garden herbal. It's like drinking milk post Froot Loops, but packed with antioxidants!
5	Hands down the best tea I've had was from here. There's so much flavor packed into each serving that you'll probably slap yourself for ever drinking something filtered out of a tea bag. The first time I came here I bought the cheapest one I could find and it was really good. Since then, I've come back for whatever they recommend. If you know your tea, this is the place to go.
4	Beware the ladies of Teavana! I say this good-naturedly, but also as a warning. Let me say first that as a tea freak I love that this place exists, and now I can go to either the Biltmore or Scottsdale Fashion Square location. But here's what happened to me, and I repeat it here as a warning: I walked by the store with no intention of going in. Thirsty, I sampled a tea by the door, then another tea. Then I thought, what the heck -- I walked a few feet into the store and sampled another tea. That's when a lady of Teavana snagged me, chatting quite knowledgeably about the tea I was tasting and inviting me, like a Siren, to get a whiff from a tea canister at the counter. Expertly, she fanned the lid of the canister over the leaves so that I could get the full effect. Oh my, that orange-pomegranate-whatever smelled good. Must I take some home? Oh yes, I must. That lovely 8-ounce canister of herbal tea will be $36, please. Yikes!
5	WOW!  The teas are so good.  It beats all the teas that I have tried before.  I was a big fan of The Republic of Tea, I think I have 1 or 2 containers of every different types of tea (green, white, red, etc).  After tasting the samples and getting the White Ayurvedic Chai and Samurai Chi Mate, I am hooked on Teavana.  Thanks, M.  It is your fault!
3	Good tasty teas, but I have two reservations: 1) Very pricey. www.specialteas.com sells very similar teas at half the price (but they are only online, so you cannot smell the teas before purchasing, though there are many useful consumers' reviews online)Also, check Adagio Teas (online), the teas are great, prices are cheaper, and they sell teas in cans (for 50% of teavana's price)2) the stuff at teavana agressively tries to sell  you airtight tea containersat absolutely outrageous prices ($8 per tin). Any empty tea / coffee can, or a glass container from jelley, or even a double zip lock bag - all work perfectly fine, and do not cost anything.
4	I have an addictive personality (shocker, I know) so when I hopped up on the proverbial "wagon," I immediate sought out the quickest replacement I could find. Unfortunately, while skilled in the art of boozing, I am no tea aficionado and have been drinking bagged tea I got for $1.99 at WalMart. (I am sorry, Julia T, on so many levels)The other day I happened to be trolling around The Biltmore infecting people with my excessively shiny good mood when I happened across Teavana and the lovely ladies out front providing samples of their Jasmine Dragon tea. Until this moment, I refused to believe that loose leaf tea could be that much better than the bagged tea, but let me tell you, I. WAS. WRONG. That is right, I am admitting, perhaps for the first time ever, that I was wrong about something.I did not like having to spend $7 on my Teavana container (which is why I am docking one star) but I didn't mind the other $25 I spent on the tea because, let's just be honest, it is fucking delicious. And cheaper than booze. To cap off this lovely little experience, the gal who rang me up (and was sure to explain all about the tea to me!) "forgot" to charge me for the cup of brewed tea I asked for, so I got it for free. She was either pitying me for spending $35 on tea or she thought I was cute. Either way, I was happy to leave five bucks richer and immediately proceeded to spend it at the next designation. Money burns a hole in my pocket, what can I say?
3	If you are looking for good quality teas without any flavor or with one flavor only (i.e. ear grey or rooibos peach or green tea mango etc.) - this is not the right place. It's way too overpriced, does not carry many good teas, and too sales oriented (they will try to make you buy a tin with your tea purchase). You'd be much better buying the teas from adagio.com (the teas are sent to you in tins, they cost at most 50% of teavana's prices, and are of much better quality). However, if you like to try blends of many flavors (i.e. samurai chai mate or apricot caramel torte or azteca fire), Teavana may be a good place for you. All these blends use inferior quality tea, but they are so overpowered by other flavors that it does not really show. They are still very pricey. Some of very similar blends may be found on specialteas.com, also at 50-80% of what teavana sells them at. The after dark melange tea from that website is one of my all time favorites. All in all, I would recommend trying Teavana for unusual blends, but not for high quality basic teas. I think that have to make up for their expensive locations by charging much higher mark ups than their competitors. If you don't want to waste money, don't buy on the spur of the moment. Do your homework by checking adagio.com and specialteas.com before you make a purchase.
4	I went to the Biltmore today use a Saks Fifth Avenue gift card that I got last month.  I stumbled upon Teavana in the mall.  I was able to try several teas and was impressed by the selection and quality.  I have been a tea aficionado since living in London, UK years ago while a student.  The tea mixes are unique, especially the Yerba Mate.  I figure that the prices are relatively high for the tea.  Each tea must be purchased at a minimum of 2 ounces which is about 50 grams; I only know tea weights by grams.  Albeit, that the mean price is about $10.00 per 50 grams and it takes approximately 2 grams to make a cup, it cost about 40 cents per cup which in about 2 to 4 times the amount I normally spend.They have the finest tea accessories that I have seen in an actual store (not online).I would have give a five star rating if the prices were more moderate....then again, it is the Biltmore.
4	I must admit.. Im not much of a tea person.. but a few weeks back while at Biltmore, the friendly Teavana girl gave my friend a sample of Jasmine Tea with a bit of strawberry essence.. I had a sip of hers.. all the while thinking.. 'Im not a tea girl'.. I walked away from that day wishing I had that tea.. So today, I decide to become a tea person.. I scored a beautiful Asian teapot and some of the best tea leaves ... Friendly service.. but that was from 'my' girl.. I didnt find the other two that friendly.. but I will add, they know their leaves.. now work on the friendly part when someone is dropping $20 on a small tin of tea.. and you have a 5
4	I tried Peach Momotaro (blooming tea) once and I have been addicted ever since!!  I can say I have been Tea-ed for 4 years now. Momotaro has a sweet honey-like peach flavor that isn't artificial tasting.  It's a bit on the expensive side but when I want so spurlge a little this is where I go.
3	I went to Teavana after my LuLuLemon shopping spree. The tea they leave out to sample was calling my name. GREAT TEA! Unfortunately I have not been able to reproduce the tea experience at my home. I am not a tea master, but I did read the instructions carefully. Now I am wondering if I actually bought the tea that I sampled...? I may never know. I found the store to be nice and welcoming, but like I said I think the tea person behind the counter gave me the wrong/or incorrectly mixed tea because it doesn't take the same. Hummmm. I will always wonder. I will continue to go back for samples:)
5	Came in for a return and had the best time with Melissa.  she was very helpful in selecting some tea.  always love coming in here.
4	This is a very cool tea shop they have all kinds of tea. The people that work there were ver well informed about tea and were able to answer all my questions. They have a very large selection of tea pots and steapers I went in and bought some Strawberry flavored tea I thought it was a little pricy but was very good tasting.
3	Went to the one in Arrowhead mall ---- couldn't get any help even though there was four or five employees working - I was pretty grungy from work and felt they truly looked past me. I did finally get some help and then they kept trying to up sell me - first a tin, then more tea than I wanted etc ... I had to be pretty firm as to exactly what I wanted and what I was going to pay for. 3 stars only because the tea is yummy. I prefer Souvia tea on 7th street by a ton and will gladly drive further for Souvia's great customer service and helpfulness.  If teavana has a tea I just absolutely have to have - I'll order online or see if Souvia can get it.
4	Great tea but you'll pay for what you get.
2	The teas are amazing! However, I truly dislike the high pressure service/sales!!! I can read the sale signs, and if I need help or want to try a specific tea I will ask. I appreciate the friendly and welcoming feel and asking if I need help, but the pressuring to buy more than what I came in for makes me almost not want to walk into one of their stores and buy everything online!!! So, love the product , but the sales are a bit over the top!
4	These people are dangerous and they should be stopped! Somehow whenever I come in here, I walk out BROKE. But I have achieved enlightenment in the form of tea, so I guess I should stop complaining. Their salespeople know their tea, you can tell them exactly what you want from a cup of tea, and they can recommend a variety or blend that smells so good inside the canister you'll want to brew some up right there. Buy just a little though, because if you're like me, you'll end up with a cupboard full of shiny little bronze bags that date back to, oh, Christmas three or four years ago, and that's just a waste of good tea. I have a bad habit of overstocking when it comes to tea.
4	I resisted Teavana for a long time, but then I babysat  one night in CenPho and had practically the whole store's inventory for my sampling delight, and it was love at first sip.The samples given out in front of the store are pure heaven. I need Youthberry white and Wild Orange Blossom herbal iced or I go through withdrawals. Monkey picked Oolong is also fancy shmancy. I'm not sure I have tried a finer, rarer tea than that. Either go monkey only or don't go monkey. Six Sumits Oolong is also special but it doesn't come close to the monkey. I haven't tried Thai Mtn or Phoenix Mtn, but now I want to. I drink Oolong teass hot, not a fan of any iced.I normally don't need my tea sweetened, but their German rock sugar can't be passed up especially in the Pineapple Kona Pop herbal tea, iced.The packages are pretty, the store itself is a truly a gift shop with something for everyone, and the customer service is top knotch.Sigh...this store gets the best of me, bringing my tea addiction to a whole new level. Only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that it's very pricy for an iced tea to go- $4.99. I think it may vary on the tea you get, but still, twice the price of Starbucks iced tea in a smaller cup?  -_-
2	Talk about pushy sales people!! Before I was in the door I had already been told to sample 3 teas (which weren't that good). The salesman continued to follow us into the store and was on our tail the whole time. He proceeded to tell us about the other teas, which we were told to sample, and the best way to steep them. I already know quite a bit about teas and the best ways to steep them so I didn't appreciate being "educated" about it. Disappointed that this place doesn't carry very many traditional teas. It's mostly all fruity blends. I only ended up buying something here so I could get my parking pass validated.
1	Very high pressured sales. Did not enjoy my experience here. I've been drinking tea for years and have never been pressured into buying so much. I had to tell the guy "no" 6 times! I came in to sample a few and maybe spend $20... I go to checkout with a $49 tab! I should have just said no but to avoid a scene I just paid it, ugh! Walked out and got really pissed thinking back on it. Won't be back for sure! Frustrating... This tea better be good!
4	I love this teas.  Yes, they are an indulgence.  At $25 a small bag, they are freaking expensive.  However, I got a couple of little bags on New Years day sale, so it was $20 for 2 small bags of tea.  The minimum you can buy is 2 oz.  My hubby was teasing me that you can probably get pot cheaper than that.  But what can you do, I love tea and never care for pot.  They sales people here are great at the up sale.  On word of caution, be clear with the sale information.  When they gave us the sample, they said: "Oh, and this tea is at 75% off"  I thought score, but since it is a blend of two teas, the other one is not so once you go to get your bag, they tell you it comes up to around 40% off.  I did buy them because those two are my favorite ones and they usually don't have other great sales during the year.  At least I didn't spend $250 in teas like my girlfriend.
1	There are seven people standing around and it still took 10 minutes to get a tea that two people ahead of me already received. Some randoms are talking about a ridiculous party and everyone is just standing around. I can't taste the difference between this tea and Starbucks tea. At least Starbucks doesn't take freaking forever, not worth it.
4	I have to admit that I would never come here under normal circumstances.However, My girl loves Tea and drinks it every day. I do not mean Ice Tea. She drinks at least 2 cups of Hot Tea every day,even in the summer when it is 110 out.So she had pulled me in here more than once.They are always handing out samples for you to try.She really likes all the tea here. Most of it comes loose and you have to have some type of fancy divice to make it.But, it is good and every once and a while I will let her give me a cup of Tea as well. Though never in the summer.Well, I came in the other day to get her some Tea. I wanted to give her a nice surprise. They have so many Teas here it is almost over whelming. But, they are very happy to help you find just what you would like and sample most all of them. They are high priced though. Plus, they really push those tin containers to store them in. Which I think we have more than enough of by far.If you would like to learn about Tea and get some of your own, this is the place.
4	I have shopped at this location since day one. I am a heavy tea drinker and believe in herbal healing. The variety of options and fresh flavors are enlightening. Teavana is know for there great flavors that are often sampled when you stop in. You can also smell the fresh herbs when selecting the right flavor to meet your needs or satisfy your taste buds. The teas are made fresh to order so you can drink while you shop or you can take some teas home. There are several different easy ways the teas can be made. My favorite items is the Perfect Tea Maker. This creative mechanism allows me to make tea from anywhere. It is just the right size to make a perfect cup of tea. You add your premeasured amounts of tea along with the delicious good enough to eat German Rock Sugar Crystals add the water then allow the tea to sit. Once it has simmered for the right amount of time you pick it up and set it on your cup. The tea flows right in. This will make hot, warm or a cold cup of tea. I have one at home and have another for the office. Another favorite of mine is the tumblers built with the mesh to make tea for the car or on the go. You can travel and make tea just about anywhere. The spill proof tumblers are nicely made and available in varies styles and colors. I suffer from Allergies but have stopped taking a daily pill because several of the herbal teas that I have purchased from Teavana have helped me during allergy season. TMy ultimate favorite is an Oolong Tea that is called Strawberry Rose Champagne. This flavor is mixed with Strawberries, White Grapes, Vanilla and much more. I love Teavana but I have to say ever since Starbucks bought them out the level of customer service at this location and the Scottsdale location has been disappointing. I have shopped here less because of it. I was excited to use my Starbucks gift card because as a Gold Member it has its advantages but Teavana no longer carries the culture they use to have. They don't even act like Starbucks employees. It seems as if they have sales goals or work off commission. The sales people are very pushy and don't seem to be at any interest of what the customers needs or interest are. I truly love Teavana's products but miss the old friendly culture.
5	This location is phenomenal! The tea was super delicious and I ended up buying multiple tins! What really made my trip special was the staff. I have been to other Teavanas but at the biltmore they seemed to really enjoy their job which made me feel happy and the barista was very patient with me and taught me about all the different types of teas and introduced interesting combinations. I will become a regular for sure!
5	Overly priced deliciousness in a cup. Hot or iced, If you are into teas check it out and don't forget the German rock sugar
