5	Basis hits on all cylinders.  The food is outstanding and that is coupled with perfect service every time.  From the appetizers to the salads and entrees every dish is appealing to the eye and the palate.I especially like Basis at lunch where one can have a tasty, reasonable and unhurried lunch without the din experienced at most lunch spots.Basis has a nice selection of wines by the glass and on Tuesday evenings all wine by the glass is half price.For attention to detail, great food, and impeccable service Basis is a great choice.
4	It appears Basis has done pretty well in a location that had always been a retail black hole. I just had lunch there, which was my fourth meal at the joint over the last two years.Each visit has been solid. During my last visit I had the tempura poblano from the lunch menu--stuffed with chunks of filet mignon, cream cheese and jack cheese and served with a corn/rice mix. It was excellent and very filling. Also on the lunch menu are several tasty salads and an option to order as an entree half of two different salads with a cup of soup. It's a pretty good deal. Dinner is slightly spendier, as expected, but you get your money's worth--I've had some very good meals here. As the name implies, it's your basic trendy 'American' bistro food and typical southwestern ingredients seem to sneak in quite a bit. A few Asian ingredients/techniques show up as well. But the menu hasn't struck me as anything avant-garde, which wouldn't play very well around the Moon Valley neighborhood.The service has been excellent each time. We've always been waited on by the bearded waiter who seems like a true pro. The atmosphere is nice casual contemporary which isn't stuffy or intimidating at all, but is still surprising given the rather drab strip-mall location. Basis has been a great, and much needed, addition to the Moon Valley area. But even if you don't live in the neighborhood, I'd recommend going a little bit out of your way for this place.
3	Basis was okay.  I wouldn't recommend it and probably won't go back, unless it's to try the lobster burger (it just sounds so good).  I have a hard time giving a restaurant a good review if I also want to tell the chef how each item that we ordered could have been better.  It just seemed as if everything was missing something.  I do like that they opened a "nice" restaurant in an unexpected location and they did a great job on  presentation.
4	Basis is a great neighborhood place.  They have evening drink specials a couple of nights a week.  I've been there for imported beer night, when a bottle of beer is half price, and for wine night when a glass of wine is half their regular price.  Each time, I tried a dfferent appetizer or split a different entree. I admit I have not loved each and every one, but all were well executed and creative.  They use the very highest quality ingredients, and their menu is never boring. The service has always been exceptional.  I keep it on my list of neighborhood hangouts because it is a great place to relax with a friend for a meal, or just for a glass of wine at their bar.
5	We finally had dinner at basis on Tuesday night and we were very pleased. The only regret is that we did not go there sooner. We have lived in the area for 4 years and feel like we have missed out on many a delicious dinners! I had the special, it was salmon and my husband had the beef medallions. They were excellent; no leftovers, unfortunately to take home. We had to have dessert; creme brulee and ice cream with carmel sauce. Did I mention the half off glasses of wine? They have the deal on both Monday and Tuesday. We were thrilled to have dined at such a simple, delicious, welcoming establishment and we look forward to getting back there again very soon.
4	We hosted a big conference in Phoenix and needed to find a place to take our top clients on a Sunday.  Based on the yelp reviews we chose Basis and it did not disappoint!  Very nice dining room and the food was spot on.  Shared appetizers - the tacos were great and how can you go wrong with bacon wrapped shrimp? (although they were really good).  The tenderloin medalions were great and the pork chop was good - but slightly dry.  Decent wine selection and great service.  If I lived in Phoenix I would definatley go back...recommed it highly try it out!
4	I love Basis and feel so lucky to have it in the neighborhood! They have an awesome prime rib sandwich served with au jus in the cutest little copper pan and the prime rib stuffed poblano ROCKS! (It's on the menu as a starter but I've ordered it for lunch and taken leftovers!) On my most recent visit, our server, Pete, was friendly, patient and knowledgeable. He made some excellent wine suggestions (Opolo "Mountain Zin" for me and Graffina Centeranio 'G' Malbec for my friend), although, he's probably right... it'd be hard to go wrong; they have a great wine list. More than 40 offerings available by the glass! Most days, I find their pricing a high, but they offer half off all wine on Mondays and Tuesdays! We shared the Maryland crab cake as a starter. The crab cake was at least 2 inches thick and was ALL crab, baby! Not one of those "would you like some crab with your filler" krabcakes... It was served on top of a bit of sauteed spinach and a tempura fried tomato. ($14). Definitely could be a meal in itself. For my entree, I enjoyed the vegetable burger (which is not made in house). It was tasty, but not my favorite (see the prime rib sandwich or the poblano mentioned above). The bread sort of overpowered it and I didn't get a lot of flavor. I preferred my friend's fresh fish sandwich (tilapia). Here's a tip: Basis offers sweet potato fries, but they're not on the menu. For dessert, we shared the guarjillo squash flan with caramel sauce and pumpkin seed brittle. I already knew how good it was and ordered it without even looking at the dessert menu. It was as delicious as I remembered with loads of caramel atop ultra-creamy (not slimy, like flan can be sometimes) pumpkin pie tasting richness. I have since revisited the dessert menu and want to go back for the fresh plum torte with sweet corn ice cream! And, besides... I forgot they offer Rombauer chardonnay... so many wonderful choices. Truly this place DESERVES 5 stars... BUT... They used to have a regular Sunday champagne brunch that was a great value, and, arguably, the best brunch in town! And, they changed it. Selfishly, granted, that's the ONLY reason I'm knocking off a star. You might say, I know the "potential." :) That said: it looks like they're offering something similar this Sunday... maybe it will make a comeback! Fingers crossed...
5	Basis has become one of my new favorite places to eat. I've been there twice, and both times had a great experience. First, the bread they bring to the table comes with 2 different flavored butters (one is a pesto i believe, one is a spicy chili). I could just eat that alone.Appetizers are also great - i've had the shrimp mango quesedillas as well as the poblano chili mac and cheese (with bacon!) and the wonton tacos.Both times I have been to Basis I had fish - the shrimp Po Boy sandwich and last night the grilled fish sandwich. They come with your choice of sides, but i have always picked sweet potato fries, which are awesome.Price wise it is on the more pricey side of the scale, but not too bad.Recommend this place highly!
2	Weak. We took a couple there for dinner recently for a special occasion. The service deteriorated through the meal which was OK at a few points even good. My main issue is the service. Our waitress was inattentive and another server stepped in a few times to fill drinks and provide for my unreasonable requests like a plate to eat the damn appetizers off. Before we finished our $230 meal they started sweeping, cleaning the kitchen, moving chairs and bar stools and generally making it clear they wanted us out before both severs sat down at the bar to eat their dinner and start texting. Taking the hint I suggested we leave and when I checked my watch I realized they were "open" for another 20 minutes plus. I live literally a block away but would rather drive to Richardsons or another place that does not rush you out on a Friday night.
5	Basis is a great place for lunch or dinner combining innovative food, excellent service, and a perfect atmosphere for conversation.I have eaten eaverything from thier fish sandwich (grilled and a nice lunch bite) to their more elaborate dinnerfare steaks, lamb, etcthey always have some great specials and a decent by the glass wine listIt's in a strip center that hides its qualities but don't let that scare you away!
1	OFFSHORE...at least you got dinner!  We walked in at 9:00, their sign clearly said they closed at 10:00...but we were told that the kitchen was closed!  They must've started cleaning, vacuuming, and texting at 8:30 that night!  We went down the road to Il Posto and had an outstanding dinner and wine...and we've got plans to go back.  Good food or not, I won't go back to Basis New American Cuisine.
4	love. i can't give this place 5 stars because that would mean that its as impeccable as say, tcooks. Having said that, the food here is wonderful. Been for lunch and dinner and the kitchen consistently puts out great stuff. i've had the chicken caesar salad, which has a generous portion of grilled chicken breast, lots of fresh romaine which was not overly dressed. yum. The last time i was there [last week] i had the seared ahi and it was pretty damn close to perfection. My lovely eats there at least once a week; alas he is not a yelper but loves the fact its in his neighborhood and it's always a good meal. The space is attractive, not too noisy and the service during the times I've been has been very attentive and friendly.
4	Small bistro with excellent food. Great service staff and ownership. The kitchen is open so you can see what is being prepared. Serve wine and beer but no liquor. Good value. A bit out of the way but worth the drive.
5	Okay so its not tcooks but it has yet to disappoint and its really good. The lovely and I are just about regulars. We went on Valentines Day and it was stellar. They had a fixed menu in addition to the a la carte menu and upon said menu was a bbq pork tenderloin with basis mac & cheese. What better to top off an already a m a z i n g day than some mac and cheese? When asked, the kitchen happily agreed to serve the pork a la carte. Perfectly cooked tenderloin accompanied by the nicest, most comforting mac and cheese, ever. It had the addition of poblano which surprisingly did not offend as it was not overpowering. The lovely Jeff had the maple crusted chicken from the standard menu which was a first for us and it was also wonderful. We languished for an hour and a half - not a bums rush in sight. Even with a full dining room, service was great and the room wasn't deafening. An added benny - the glorious Lot 205 Chard was out of this world and half price. Oh so yay!! Finished with very fine coffee [which is standard, here] and a warm banana walnut bread pudding in a bourbon anglaise. Oh yes. Oh my. Happy delicious warm delightful comfort food. We will be back for more.
4	When I was told the name of the place I was going, I thought maybe it was a sports bar. I should have known better, going with two chefs. Basis has an interesting and ecclectic menu, which apparently is ever-changing. It seemed to me that they try to put poblanos in anything and everything... I'm a fan of poblanos.I ordered the fresh fish sandwich. The fish that day was tilapia. It was served as a burger with a nice piece of almost-blackened tilapia along with tomatoes, onions, lettuce, the "chef's sauce", and a big fat pickle. Normally I would be wary of anything with a generic name like the "chef's sauce", but after reading the rest of the menu I figured I was in good hands. It was delicious. The bun appeared large, but was soft enough to compliment (rather than take over) the rest of the sandwich. The sweet potato fries that arrived with my order were delightful- a little crispy on the outside, a little soft on the inside.We ordered a creme brulee for dessert. The custard was cool, but the sugar on top was still warm from the mini-blow torch caramelization. It was delicious.The atmosphere was laid back. Great for conversation. While the decor is nice, I did not feel out of place in my jeans and t-shirt.I'll be back to try the potatoes au gratin with poblanos, the mahi mahi, and the spicy brownie dessert. They had an interesting wine list as well.
4	My hubby and I love this little place! It is great to have something so unique in our (quality-food starved) neighborhood. True, it is a little pricey, but I'm willing to pay a little extra for places that are locally owned with good food, service, and ambiance. The menu is diverse and often changes with the season. For app's, we've enjoyed the Crab Cake (LOVE the tempura tomato goodness underneath) and the Bacon Wrapped Shrimp (though, I remove the bacon from mine!) Our favorite entrees are the Mahi, Sunfish, and Lamb. Oh, and the potato gratin is delicious. We've tried a few different desserts...the best one by far is the ancho chile brownie. The cinnamon ice cream it is served with is house-made (I believe) and SO good. It is the perfect accompaniment to a nice glass of Cabernet. Speaking of wine...the list is interesting with quite a few different varietals. And best of all, Sunday-Tuesday, wine is half off! Every Wednesday a tasting menu is offered. For $15 you get a three course meal which includes items that aren't always offered on the regular menu. It's a pretty good deal. (Though, tasting menus are, by definition, smaller portions, so don't expect to get a 24oz steak!) We have always had good service (thanks, Kyle!) and enjoy that we never feel rushed when dining. Also, I appreciate their use of local ingredients...including some grown in their own garden...as well as their commitment to using "green" processes and materials.
5	Can't give more than 5 stars or I would! $15 for a 3-course tasting menu on Wednesday and Thursday nights. LOADS of choices for each course. Usually 2 meat, 2 fish and 2 veggie selections. Another $5 for dessert. Rock. ON!(They still do the brunch on the 2nd Sunday of each month - $25 unless it's a brunching holiday, then the price goes up! But, hey! Who needs a brunching holiday to brunch??!!)
5	Yes this deserves a five star review. Everytime we have gone we have been pleased. They have- get this - HOT FOOD  I am sick of getting luke warm food at restaurants. We had the tenderloin medallions and even though I like it well done they were still moist and not dried out. Give them a try. You won't be disappointed.
5	Hopefully this was the first of many times I will be attending Basis New American.If this place was in a more crowded part of the town where there was more business I would guarantee it would be packed.  My family and I were one of three tables in the entire restaurant the entire time I was there and as you can see by the other reviews on Yelp... this place is awesome.My four year old sat down with us and the manager realized they didn't have any crayons.  So about 10 minutes later he walks up and hands us a box of crayons with a store receipt still in his hand because he had just ran to the store to purchase crayons!!!  Talk about service!!!We had the tasting selections ($15) and everything was great, the cheeseburger which was absolutely delicious, and the lobster cheeseburger which was fantastic too.  Here's how you know a restaurant takes pride in their food --- Their kids meals are awesome.  The chicken fingers weren't your typical chicken fingers you throw in the french fry oil and just fry up.  They were battered actual chicken pieces that made me feel like I should have paid more than the $5 it cost!Sweet Potato Fries FTW!!!They had a wine bar off in the corner that nobody was sitting at which I thought looked like a great place to sit and have conversations with people... maybe I will try that out soon.Wonderful atmosphere... wonderful wait staff... wonderful food... will definitely be going back!
5	I gave this place 5 stars because I have never been even slightly disappointed here. Great find for the area! They have a $15 3 course  tasting menu on Wednesday and Thursday, which is ever-changing and delicious! For food like this you can't find a better deal.So yummy, good service, decent wine selection, I suggest you try it for sure!
5	Jeff and I drove to Basis last night, July 5th.  Our most recent attempt was a Sunday night and we were greeted by a notice that said they would not be opening Sundays in the summer. Total bummer. Last night we found the parking lot empty and the space completely bare of any fixtures or signs of restaurant life. Alas, Basis is closed. Owner Steve Short wrote a thoughtful piece regarding the decision and its available here:  http://www.atlastacatering.com/Basis_New_American.htmlWe are so sad to see them go; it was for us, a place of welcome and frequently celebration. Delightful food and wine in an atmosphere that was completely down to earth and as Steve says, unpretentious.
5	This place  closed  in mid 2011 unfortunately
