5	I'm so happy that my 50th review on Yelp will be about where my good friends Aurora and Glenns had their AWESOME wedding.The Graceland Wedding Chapel is a landmark wedding site in Las Vegas.  The chapel itself is small with a few pews for sitting but more room in the back for standing. About 50 of us made it work ! Some stars have been married here Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Ray Cyrus just to name a few.  It's also home of the original Elvis style wedding.Aurora and Glenn had the Blue Hawaii wedding.Elvis escorted the bride down the aisle singing along the way.The ceremony lasted  15 minutes with about 3 Elvis songs included. I loved at the end when Elvis burst into the song (A Little Less Conversation )drawing cheers and laughs from us all.This was so cool and by far the best wedding I've ever been to.
5	When my Fiance and I  decided to be marry, we decided on Las Vegas.  I particularly have always wanted to be married by "Elvis".  Most people I know thought that I was crazy for even thinking about it!  I finally got my chance and we got married in January here at the Graceland Wedding Chapel.  Everyone at the Graceland Chapel were so warm and friendly.  Although they do wisk you through the ceremony, you don't feel rushed or pushed.  For those of you (like me) who was a nervous, babbling, almost in shock bride  who needed to take care of everything, the staff just took over from the moment that I stepped into their Limo that picked us up at the hotel till I became a married woman (a very handsome Elvis walked me down the isle while he serenaded us with "Blue Hawaii").  It was the most incredible, fun and very memorable experience.  All 50 guests that we squeezed into the chapel all had a great time even though they were all doubters in the beginning.  The chapel also have an assortment of packages to choose from so it will fit every budget. I highly recommend it!!!  Viva Las Vegas!!  Viva Graceland Chapel!!
5	My boyfriend and I were talking about going on a trip and we were naming off all the places, NY, SFO, the Keys...  Boyfriend wanted to go to Vegas.  My response, "you know if we go to Vegas, we are getting married."  AND IT WORKED!!!!   We went to Vegas, eloped and got married at the Graceland Wedding chapel.  I love this little fact.If you decide to elope and can plan a little, I would make an appointment, so you can get the time and day that you want.  I asked B, did he want his anniversary to be on the 10th, 11th or 12th.  He chose the 10th.  You know, it is good to give options, even though he had no option of opting out!   You have to go to the courthouse and buy a license before hand.  And then bam, you can get married.The Graceland Wedding chapel is a cute little tacky place.  Everything you dream of for getting married in Vegas, Elvis will set you back $300ish. He was $250 seven years ago.  But if you want the King at your wedding, you have to pay!   All the staff is very nice.  You think they might be jaded, but I think they like it.  I bought a 'Just Married at the Graceland Wedding Chapel' bumper sticker, I was so sad that my car got totaled.  Can I put a Just Married sticker on my car seven years after the fact?If you can afford it, I would find a photographer to go with you.  It was really nice to have my photos.  Everyone laughs because some of my photos looks like I had a fancy smacy wedding, but we know the truth.
5	When my Fiance and I  decided to be marry, we decided on Las Vegas.  I particularly have always wanted to be married by "Elvis".  Most people I know thought that I was crazy for even thinking about it!  I finally got my chance and we got married in January here at the Graceland Wedding Chapel.  Everyone at the Graceland Chapel were so warm and friendly.  Although they do wisk you through the ceremony, you don't feel rushed or pushed.  For those of you (like me) who was a nervous, babbling, almost in shock bride  who needed to take care of everything, the staff just took over from the moment that I stepped into their Limo that picked us up at the hotel till I became a married woman (a very handsome Elvis walked me down the isle while he serenaded us with "Blue Hawaii").  It was the most incredible, fun and very memorable experience.  All 50 guests that we squeezed into the chapel all had a great time even though they were all doubters in the beginning.  The chapel also have an assortment of packages to choose from so it will fit every budget. I highly recommend it!!!  Viva Las Vegas!!  Viva Graceland Chapel!!
5	Pick this chapel if you are looking to get married in Vegas. I recommend any of the Elvis packages to get the full experience. It was a fun and memorable ceremony. Packages comes with  free photos, amount depends on the package. My family and friends flew out for the ceremony and every one had a blast. Staff there were nice and friendly. They do make you feel rushed, but once the ceremony starts, the chapel is all yours.
5	I have nothing but nice things to say about this chapel. I'm so glad we got married here. It was a fun time for everyone.We went with the basic Viva Las Vegas Package and it was perfect. They sent a limo to take us to/from the hotel we were staying at & the driver was super nice. Limo itself was pretty sweet. Elvis sang two songs during the ceremony and was not overbearing. He was a nice addition to the ceremony. The minister was very pleasant and genuinely seemed to enjoy performing weddings. We tipped the minister and the limo driver. Both took the cash without counting it in front of us, which was very cool of them.Photos are all right, but we weren't really expecting the greatest ones. No video or cameras are allowed inside which was a bummer but understandable for business.It was a short, sweet, very Las Vegas-ish ceremony... and it was EXACTLY what we wanted.(PS - Thank you, Marissa T.!)
5	Where else  would we do our vow renewal?  Vegas!  Surprise?!  We had so much fun!  Would not recommend for a first timer (unless u you are very into this , but very professional! )  Limo pick-up, Elvis was the best, great pics!
5	On June 19, 2010 just 10 years and a day after we first married we found ourselves walking down the isle again, this time we enlisted the help of Elvis.  We had been planning an Elvis renewal of vows for some time and the Graceland Wedding Chapel did not disappoint.  We had a great Elvis who really made the experience all we ever wanted it to be.  Our Elvis was a real pro.  Elvis walked my wife down the isle while playing guitar and singing, it was awesome.  Elvis played a total of three songs and posed for a bunch of pictures of my wife and I to cement the moment forever.  I would truly recommend the Graceland Wedding Chapel to everyone.
5	We just had our wedding there on Friday and couldn't have asked for anything better.  Our limo driver, Jack was super friendly and even took many pictures of us after the ceremony with our camera which was great because it was just the two of us and we were wondering how we'd get some good post-wedding shots in.The ladies in the office were also very accomodating in every way and so friendly.  You'd think that they'd be over it after shuffling people through the wedding mill 7 days a week but they never acted as such and made us feel very special.I can't reccomend this chapel enough if you're looking for quick and simple Vegas wedding!  Thanks, Graceland!
5	I originally wanted us get married in Vegas, 10 years ago, but my husband wanted a wedding.He promised to remarry me in Vegas and that's what we did. It was an awesome experience to renew our vows with Elvis and the chapel for our 10 year anniversary. The whole ceremony was to the point,  Elvis married us, he photographer was very professional, and the fact that the limo picked us up on time was totally Vegas style. We recommend this chapel and staff highly.
5	Every time I go to Vegas I say, "Now I've seen it all" but obviously I hadn't since I had not previously visited Graceland. There was a party of 20 of us who went to watch and celebrate with friends who were renewing their wedding vows. The great thing about the ceremony is that it had the right balance of fun and playfulness and seriousness. The chapel easily fit 20 of us, could probably fit some more. The flowers were fragrant, reminded me of a funeral home smell. The wallpaper was vinyl. Fantastic. Elvis had a flabby ass. Well, OK, but from the front he looked pretty authentic. He sang and spoke about "hunka bunka love". Short and sweet but very memorable. We didn't use Graceland's limo service. There is a DVD and pictures from the occasion, but only the professional. No one is allowed to take pictures in the chapel. It is a pretty shady area of town so be careful, especially at night. They said that they do between 20 to 35 ceremonies (weddings or renewals) a day.
4	Cheesy Wedding Chapel? Check. Pepto Bismol Colored Walls? Check. Perfect Vegas Wedding? YES!!!I got married here in September and it was exactly what I expected out of a Vegas Chapel. We had a good time and the photographer actually took some really good photos.The ceremony is super quick so try not to blink or you will miss it!Make sure you AND your guests arrive at least 15 minutes before the ceremony.  They are very strict and will close the doors on the exact time you reserved.I highly recommend it!
5	Delightful women at the front desk. Awesome Elvis. Very sweet minister. Fake gazebo and bridge. And a picture of Bon Jovi. What is there not to love? Well, admittedly, I don't love having to pay so dang much for photos, and I don't love that my friends couldn't take pictures as well, but 3 days in Vegas inured me to being ripped off. The rest of the experience was sufficiently awesome that I can live with the extra charges.
5	Elvis was amazing and the staff were super friendly and fun!
5	I planned a destination wedding for us. We got married here in 2/05. The planning online was so simple. The day of our wedding, the limo was 30 minutes late and we didn't get any phone calls letting us know of the delay. But, once the limo arrived, everything was awesome. My in-laws ordered a newlywed basket for us through the chapel which was waiting for us upon arrival. We gave the manager our custom wedding music my husband composed and recorded for me to play during the service. We had a brief verbal rehearsal and off we went. The minister was great. We had everything photographed and videotaped. The photos were excellent and the DVD of the wedding was wonderful. I would recommend ordering those as part of your package. We received an unofficial signed marriage certificate, which worked for me to get a new driver license and SS card.The chapel is nothing too fancy and sorta cheesy (porn shop directly next door). But Bon Jovi got married there (outside) and so did Ace Frehley, among many other famous people. It has a rich history. You can make your wedding fun with Elvis or serious and intimate with a minister. Either way, we had the BEST wedding I could have ever imagined. The ceremony lasts a whole 7 minutes, but it is the start of something really beautiful. I am happy we chose Graceland for our special day.
4	this place was pretty cool.  we came here because one of my childhood besties and her husband renewed their vows after TEN years!!  elvis walked her downt he eisle, sang, and performed the ceremony.  it was pretty awesome and a lot of fun!!
5	I was just married there in April 2011 and it was fantastic.  Organized, simple, memorable and most of all fun!!!!Pictures turned out great that were included in our package and the DVD is actually a nice souvenir.  I have already watched it back once since being married.  If you are looking for a Vegas wedding it checks all the boxes.  I would recommend it to anyone and would do it all over again the same way if given the choice.
3	We got married here on Tuesday, July 12th with about 30 of our family and friends. We were happy with the services and how everything turned out for the most part during the actual wedding day so kudos to Graceland Wedding Chapel for that. This review is actually for after the ceremony. The photo package is very confusing. My fiance specifically asked if we could have a digital copy of our photos upon arriving to the chapel the day of the wedding. He was told yes. Now, what he wasn't told was that the photos included in the package would be an additional cost of $10/photo to have a digital copy. Honestly, had I known they would print and send us copies 3 TO 4 WEEKS after the wedding was completed, I probably would have gone somewhere else. Printed photos don't really do much for us nowadays. We wanted to have one of the group photos as the front of the thank you card for our guests, but now we can't because we the photos will take too long. Anyway, they should be more clear when explaining this. Wedding photos are very sentimental and should be available right away. Especially since the photos are uploaded right away on the photographer's website. I've been around long enough to know that it's probably a simple feature the chapel has disabled. It's time to catch up with the times.The next review is for the actual wedding certificate. This is partly the County also, but we weren't told to collect our ACTUAL marriage certificate from the courthouse by the minister or the Chapel. With all the commotion of the pictures after the ceremony, I thought the minister handed us our certificate. I purposely took Friday off work to go to the DMV/SS office to complete my name change but upon arriving, I was told this isn't the actual certificate. I called the Clark County Marriage Bereau and was told it would be 2 weeks before I can receive this or I can go in person to collect it. Obviously, I cannot do that being that I am already back at home in California.All in all, the actual day of the wedding experience wasn't too bad for the price we paid. The aftermath is a different story. I would have much rather paid more money to have photos available for download (with purchase of course) rather than wait 3-4 weeks for my pictures. It is 2011 and photos/documents should always be at arm's reach, especially from a chapel that has a wedding every 30 minutes and a county that must collect so much from the taxes paid by the casinos. Well, I just submitted my request for my photos. Let's see if the 3-4 weeks is a true estimate.
5	We drove 7 hours to be married at the Graceland Chapel with Elvis!  After researching other locations, Graceland was by far the best value and the wedding planning gals made the occasion that much more special.  They both had a great sense of humor and it made the night that much more enjoyable.We decided to get married at 2pm and Graceland was able to book us an appointment that same night and instruct us on getting our license.  Super convenient!We expected tacky-after all we had heard about being married in Vegas, but the decor was tasteful-with just enough cheesy factor to bring a smile to our face as Elvis walked me down the isle.Can't say enough good things about the experience.  The minister was sincere and his words were heartfelt.  The photographer cared about getting quality pictures.  The DVD is a must have-because once you re-tell your story, no one will believe you without seeing it!!VIVA LAS  VEGAS!
5	We renewed our vows with Elvis for our 17th wedding anniversary on 11/11/2011, and it was soooo much fun! The booking process was very easy, and the ceremony was a great time. My face hurt from smiling and laughing so much! Elvis was perfect, and I can't wait to get our pictures. Definitely worth all the 5 star reviews.
5	I witnessed one of the best shows in Vegas at Graceland Wedding Chapel.  On 11/12/11 I watched one of my favorite families add a new member to their group.  Graceland Wedding Chapel made the entire wedding enjoyable.  I feel like the people at Graceland Chapel took away a lot of the stressors you have to deal with in your average wedding.  While we waited on the show to begin we took great pictures outside of the chapel.  We never felt rushed.  Once inside the chapel the wedding ceremony took on the more classy side of Vegas. The preacher actually had some interesting words of wisdom for the soon to be married couple.   The entire ceremony was made into a CD we could take home and watch again and again. You can't take any pictures inside with your own camera.  The  show was finished up with a wonderful song, by the King himself. We even bought some t-shirts from Graceland Wedding Chapel.   I think this is a great place to tie the knot in Vegas.
4	I attended a wedding for friends at this chapel a few weeks ago and it was everything I anticipated it would be and more.  Our group of seven (including bride and groom) were picked up in a limo from our hotel and transported to the chapel.  Although I didn't personally pay for the package, it also included the flowers and the photographer (in addition to the round-trip limo).  Once we arrived, we had a short time to take pictures before the ceremony started.  There was first a quick ceremony with an ordained minister (I think), and then a longer, more fun ceremony that was led by Elvis himself.  It was awesome.  The groom was Jewish so they even allowed us to do the "mazel tov" aka breaking of the glass.Four stars only because there was a bit of a mix-up with the flowers and when Elivis arrived, he had to be reminded what the bride and groom's names were... other than that, it was pretty flawless.  We took some of our own pictures in the side courtyard afterwards.  It seems that this place is crazy busy.  Our limo driver was on a tight schedule and there were ceremonies right before and after ours as well. I just wish I knew that I could've mentioned Yelp to upgrade the bride's bouquet when I was there... oh well - maybe next time.  Anyone up for a Vegas wedding?!
5	After looking at many different chapels I thought this one would be nice. Showed pictures to my fiancee and she agreed. The package we decided on had everything we wanted, flowers, pictures, and a DVD. We did not have Elvis but maybe we will when we renew our vows!We realized the day of the wedding we had more people show up at the hotel than we expected and we called to see if we could get another limousine. They only offered 1 limo as part of the package but Mary referred us to someone who provided us with a last minute party bus for all of our guests to and from the chapel. Our limo driver was friendly and answered all of our questions on the way to the chapel. He even gave us a little bit of Vegas history. Pictures don't do the chapel justice. It really is a nice little chapel. They took care of everything. The ceremony was perfect. The minister said all of the right things that mean so much to us as a married couple. I can't say enough about how pleased I am.
5	I got married here Sunday 12/18/2011And if you want an Elvis wedding this is the place to go! I researched and research and RESEARCHED every chapel that offered Elvis weddings and all of them there wasn't something right about it. I looked on YouTube and I found this place. And Brendan, the Elvis impersonator, totally sold me on it! He's also the owner of the chapel. He looked, talk, sound, moved just how I imagine Elvis really would and also he was very professional. Honestly the best impersonator I ever seen. So when I booked my wedding I made sure to request him and he didn't disappoint! He also walked me down the aisle while playing the guitar! It was pretty awesome!!The chapel is decorated like a typical cheesy chapel would but it was also very tasteful and modern. It looked nice. The staff was also very friendly, helpful, and very professional.The whole wedding lasted about 10 minutes and took pictures in about 5 minutes, honestly it was the best wedding ever! I would highly recommend this place for a Vegas wedding.
5	My good friend renewed his vows here.This place is a riot. The Elvis was hilarious and did a great job. My friend and his wife were very happy with the experience.
5	After some tedious internet research, my hubby and I settled on Graceland for the renewal of our 5 year marriage. We had already done the big wedding and thought that starting a 5 year renewal tradition would be a hoot. We could alternate between wacky/fun to romantic travel in celebration of our love. So, year 5, for us...was to be fun, non-fussy (no announcement to friends/family) and low-key. Just the two of us...well, the two of us plus Elvis.Booking:I booked over the phone while in Vegas (w/Mary, I think?). The woman who booked us was really lovely and helpful. It was slow season, so the time of our renewal ceremony (the $199 Elvis Package) was flexible. We scheduled for mid afternoon. We opted to do the limo and the dvd ahead of time as we knew this would have to live on forever in video for us to giggle at.Arriving via Limo:Our limo driver, Jack, was punctual, polite and great to chat with on our way to the chapel. The limo was white (think pretty woman), and very clean. The drive was fun as we got to see the less glamorous side of Vegas while chatting it up with Jack. The outside of the chapel was quaint, cute and well-kept. It wasn't in a visually appealing area, but that was a non-issue to us. Checking in:Upon entering the chapel, we were greeted by two friendly ladies in the office (Jangie? seems to be the name of one on our certificate, can't read other). They nicely verified that we understood the tipping of Elvis and our driver. It didn't feel pushy, we realized they just wanted to make sure we were informed, no surprises. Florist:As I waited for the ceremony to begin, the florist noticed me with my single white rose bouquet and cream/black ensemble and offered to match my ribbons to my decor - I was thrilled! She added a black ribbon that really enhanced my ensemble. i was beaming, nervous and excited. Ceremony/Photography:And, Elvis - oh Elvis (Brendan Paul). He was fantastic. As the ceremony progressed, he was entertaining and the perfect ham. He looked the part, sounded great, and didn't make us feel like just another couple. It was a riot. Well worth his minimum $60 tip. And, we tipped him a bit extra for doing so well by us. Photos:After the ceremony, Bryan the photographer got some extra great shots. Our total online gallery was roughly 50 images. And, as a photographer myself - I was truly impressed. He captured great expressions and moments. Cropping looked great. He also shot our dvd - so he was able to multi-task for sure. I tipped him $5 (not much but enough for a cheap beer somewhere) to show our appreciation for his work. Tipping him was not mandatory, but when the service is good - there's nothing like showing a little appreciation and even better, a nice yelp review. I'm going to wait till we have some more money saved and order at least 10-15 of the images.Limo Free Pics and Ride Back:Before heading back, Jack, our driver took some fun photos of us outside the chapel. Got some fantastic ones!! And, they were on our camera, so it was instant gratification. Something to show the friends and family. We tipped Jack a tad more than the $35 minimum as well due to our enjoyment and his camera work. Summary: SO worth the price. It was short and sweet, but I will never forget it!!! Doing it mid afternoon 2pm/3pm-ish allowed us to sleep in, get ready, renew, have a lovely dinner and follow it up drinks and dancing. Even my husband was telling people how it is was so much fun - way better than he imagined. Just the right amount of cheese, quirkiness, and love on our 5th year anniversary. And - we've now added something new to our original wedding vows. We will never leave each other "at heartbreak hotel." :) Thanks Graceland!At a glance:Cost:   $199 Service $60+ Elvis $35+ Limo  As Desired:Florist/PhotographerPROSVery Friendly StaffFun - EntertainingBudget FriendlyGreat Photography & VideographyTalented ElvisCONSOff strip - but it makes the limo ride really worth it!Photography costs can add up if you like many of them
5	My husband and I decided to elope to Vegas last August :) Ryan absolutely wanted an Elvis singer to serenade us during the ceremony, and Graceland Chapel caught my eye (well, my name is also Grace...that helped in my decision too lol) I had no problem making my reservation, and everything went without a hitch. The chapel was very cute and quaint, and the ceremony was simple and beautiful. Our Elvis singer was A-MAAAAAAAAA-ZING! So tall, so Elvis-ey, so sparkly--everything Ryan and I wanted. He sang "Amazing Grace," (of course) "I Want You, I Need You, I Love You" and "Love Me Tender."The ceremony was fairly priced and our minister was very warm and friendly. We really enjoyed our experience at the Graceland Wedding Chapel. It was simple and intimate--just what we wanted.
5	See all these 5 star reviews? They deserve it! I made my decision to have my wedding there based on the reviews and i was not disappointed. All throughout the planning stage, the staff was very helpful and accommodating. I made several upgrades to my package and all came through without a hitch. I was very particular with the flowers, sent them photos and got exactly what I asked for on wedding day!I didn't tell any of my wedding guests that Elvis was walking me down the aisle or would be there at all, so it was a fun surprise to everyone. The ceremony was loads of fun, yet serious when it needed to be. Elvis was the best!The wedding photographer was awesome and the photos are gorgeous.Thank you Graceland Chapel for the beautiful experience on such an important day.
5	We had the same wonderful experience many other reviewers had at The Graceland Wedding Chapel. I think we were both surprised at how touching and emotional the ceremony actually was. I think you go into this thinking it's just going to be kitschy, but the reverend had us both in tears! As for kitsch, Elvis walks you down the aisle and sings a couple of songs! And dang, he was a fine Elvis! It was pretty awesome! Icing on the wedding cake: when our ceremony was over, Elvis went out on to Las Vegas Boulevard and hailed us a cab! Priceless!
2	Okay let me say before I booked this venue, I went through all the reviews for this chapel and several others. Everyone had said such nice things I thought this would be the perfect place to have our wedding. I planned this trip for months, we had the dress, the suit, the family, the cake, I mean we had everything a big wedding would have but we wanted it to be fun so we landed here.     It started out okay the limo picked us up from the hotel and took us to the chapel. Upon arrival though we were not really acknowledged, there were people lined up to get married after us so the chapel was small and cramped. Not one person that worked there told us where to stand. So we ended up just standing in a corner. Then the person that married us came out and asked us our names, I booked two months in advance he should have known our names. Then my family seated, my husband got into place, and Elvis came out singing. Okay perhaps this doesn't sound strange but it was. He never looked at me, acknowledged me, introduced himself or anything. He just started walking and I had to follow. After the ceremony the guy taking the pictures (who by the way didn't introduce himself either) rushed my family out of the chapel, closing the door on them and calling them the peanut gallery as he did. I mean how rude that is my family, they love me so they clapped after he pronounced us man and wife. They weren't being really loud, they were just happy for us. So on we go, he continued taking pictures all the while talking to the Elvis about the sound system in the chapel. Again here we were standing being ignored, and every few seconds the photographer saying turn, kiss I felt like we were messing up their day by being there. How horrible I felt, I put so much work into this and I felt so bad for my family, they came all the way from Fl. to be with us and got treated so bad. So then the real topper on the cake. As we go to the limo to leave we have to knock on the window to ask if that was our limo (he should have gotten out when he saw us coming). Then we are standing in the sun waiting for him to open the door for about five mins, as he proceeds to have a conversation with some other random guy about the oil pressure in one of the other limos. I thought my sister was gonna claw his eyes out. It was so hot and she kept saying excuse me and he kept ignoring us. It was the perfect ending to this wedding.     Everyone has bad days, I guess we just caught all the employees here on a group bad day. It was very disappointing, and I felt so bad for my family. All and all we are married and I guess thats what counts.
5	Just recently tied the knot at the Graceland Chapel and am glad we chose this one. First off we we able to cram 40 people into their chapel.  The start of the wedding was slightly delayed which turned into an enjoyable wait....our Elvis kept everyone laughing and entertained while we waited for the minister.  The wedding was perfect, Elvis provided the fun while the minister made the event meaningful like a wedding should be.  The entire staff was so friendly and welcoming.  Thank you Graceland for providing a lasting memory for myself, my wife, and all of our visiting friends and family.
5	Got married here on Friday the 13th and it was a lovely time.  We had an Elvis wedding and the Elvis was very friendly and did a great job, our whole crowd enjoyed it.  I also loved the setup for the wedding and how they put together each aspect of the ceremony from how they do the photography, to the vows and having us walk up and down the aisle while Elvis sings along.  They gave us an extra flower package by mentioning Yelp too.  The photos are all very lovely and we'll likely have a difficult time narrowing down the ones to purchase!We were also able to get plenty of photos in the courtyard and gazebo which they set up nicely as to not get any of the unappealing surrounding area in the background, and our limo driver was beyond friendly.  He picked us up from our hotel and waited patiently for us to do all of our photography and greet our guests before taking us back.  That was a really nice feature.  I talked quite a bit with Jose while setting up the wedding package and at the ceremony upon checking out and he is a very nice guy.  I can't say the same about the other cashier (tall, skinny dude with spiky hair and glasses) because he was cracking some unnecessary dirty jokes and also hit on our friend who signed as our witness, but hey, it's Vegas.  Can't say I didn't see it coming.Overall we're very happy with our decision to go to Graceland.  Everything is pretty fast and efficient because it's a business and they do tons of weddings a day, but we had a blast and we loved how it all turned out.
5	So we actually had our official wedding ceremony at the Bellagio earlier that night.  But since we were in Vegas, we had to get our vows renewed by Elvis 3 hours later.  That was one of the best ideas we had for the entire wedding weekend.  The Graceland Chapel is just like you would imagine it.  We had a large crowd that filled the entire place.  Our Elvis was great and performed a fantastic ceremony that kept the entire crowd laughing.  Apparently no one else had ever come in to renew their vows the same night of their marriage.  That was a surprise, because it seemed like a no brainer to us.  Anyways, the ceremony was a great time, Elvis was on fire, and all our friends had an absolute blast.  We certainly recommend the Graceland Chapel.  Make sure to buy the DVD to commemorate the event!
4	4 stars for the service. I got married here last weekend. There was only 2 spots available, one @ 8:45 and the other @ 9:30. I was a little upset that I couldn't get an earlier time but hey, I went to Vegas to marry! So I chose the 8:45 time. The employees kept insisting to get there on time, or earlier. Well I got there @ 8:30. There was some kind if hold up, I didn't end up getting married until almost 9:30. It was very upsetting considering it was freakishly hot outside and there were people honking and saying things like "Don't do it"!! (Okay I have to admit it was funny) but the family and I spent almost an hour outside sweating and standing for the service before us to end. The employees did come outside and apologize for the inconvenience but was it enough? Umm... not really! Maybe some sort of discount or something. Well, they have to make their money somehow.  Finally!!! We get called inside! What? Elvis is walking me down the isle... um, I think not. I could have sworn that I asked for the traditional package but I guess they assumed that I wanted Elvis. I didnt quite notice the package we gad paid for until I got home and started pondering.Oh well, it is what it is..... So in case you were wondering how this whole marriage thing works.Step 1) Go to the Las Vegas County Clerk and get your license. A Drivers License is an acceptable form of ID. You will also need to bring $60.00 to pay for the license. If paying by card they charge you a $5 feeStep 2) Find a chapel!Step 3) Find some witnesses Step 4) Get MarriedOkay here is a tip. You do not receive your official wedding license. You will have to wait for some sort of paper in the mail and pay a small fee. Then mail it back. Or, you can go to the back of the souvenir license that you got and follow the instructions there.Fee breakdown$60 For License $199.00 For Ceremony$60.00 For Minister FeesMARRIAGE = Priceless. :)
5	We just renewed our vows for our 20th anniversary at Graceland Wedding Chapel!  Elvis was awesome and had a great sense of humor!  The photos and DVD were great!  And seriously, people, it's VEGAS so get married by Elvis!!  Jose took care of all the details via phone before we got there and it all went off without a hitch!!
5	We couldn't have asked for a better experience. We got married here back in May, and it was perfect. They picked us up in a limo and our driver was friendly and fun. The Chapel is awesome-- teeny and adorable. It's busy during the weekend, but we did not feel overcramped or like a number being there. The entire ceremony lasted about 6 minutes, and we were not there longer than a bit over an hour... perfect for us since we came alone. Elvis was great-- friendly and not over the top. He had fun, but he did not make us repeat super cheesy Elvis song lines as our vows. He sang well and had the movements down as well. The minister was serious but friendly, and they were nice, simple vows. The photographer was also great, and he gave us a great deal on the photos. The DVD is also a great addition to the package. Overall, a great value for the money and a really fun experience. We wouldn't have chosen any other way to get married, regardless of budget. The entire experience is cheesy in a perfect way-- not over the top-- and incredibly fun. Best place to get married in Vegas!!!!! As a side note, you can buy shirts and bumper stickers, and I've gotten more comments about that shirt than any other t-shirt that I own. :)
5	This place was great. These guys know what they're doing as entertainers and not only that, they are super efficient at it. Our wedding seriously took 15 minutes in and out. Elvis did an outstanding job performing and being friendly. Our DVD is totally awesome and hilarious. We got the Blue Hawaii package. The Minister was a tad bit hard to understand but added to the fun. I think he was Russian or something. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to any one looking to seal the deal in a hurry and have fun while doing it. No beer allowed in the establishment but they don't mind if you stand on their porch and pound it. :-)
4	If troves of white doves, large church chapels, and elaborate ceremonies have you thinking about running out the door and joining the ranks of runaway brides, consider this kitschy fun alternative.I don't think I've ever attended a wedding ceremony so delightfully short - 10 minutes maybe?  Yes, you do feel like it's a factory turning out weddings, but you get in and you get out and have a little bit of fun.  Elvis added the right amount of hokey Vegas charm.  The chapel is tiny - might fit 30 people if you have 3 people to a pew, but everyone gets a great view of the bride and groom.If your wedding is during daylight hours during the summer, don't get there too early.  There isn't a lot of waiting room inside so you might have to just sweat it out and seek shade wherever you can.
5	We had our vows renewed on Oct. 1 and it was the highlight of our first time in Vegas.  Brendan was our Elvis and he is a dreamboat.  Great Elvis!!  Rachel was great to work with and she was so right when she advised me to take the package with the video.  I did not but I will certainly buy it now.  The ceremony was so much fun and such a happy time.  My children were there and they absolutely loved it.  Lance was taking great pictures and he even told me "we usually entertain you, but you entertained us this time".  Mike was our limo driver and made us feel very pampered.  The chapel was sweetly intimate and we never felt rushed, even tho they are on a very tight schedule.  Everyone made us feel like we were the only ones there. I will remember this event always and it will make me smile.  Thank you everybody, you made this blushing bride very happy.Eva S.
5	There is a reason Graceland has such high reviews!  We got married there this last weekend and it was great!  We seriously have zero complaints.  From the limo driver, to the front desk, to the minister, to the photographer, to ELVIS, everyone was amazing.  And the photographs were perfect!  We will definitely be renewing our vows at Graceland and I highly recommend them to anyone!  VIVA GRACELAND!
5	The limo driver told me on a busy Saturday, they do 60 weddings a day. SIXTY. Or was it forty? In any case, with no shortage of chapels in Las Vegas, I think such a packed schedule (even if slightly embellished) is a clear reflection Graceland Chapel's service and consistent customer satisfaction. I couldn't have asked for a better wedding. We were picked up in a limo that was far newer and less grimy than I expected it to be. Payment at the chapel was easy and straight-forward. We had about a 15 minute wait while the couple in front of us got married, but it was a great opportunity to take some pretty epic photos outside the chapel. The ceremony itself was about 10 minutes, and it was the perfect combination of lighthearted fun and serious vows. Elvis and the minister have definitely found a way to make a wedding lively and entertaining without diminishing the gravity and importance of the step you're taking. Photos from the ceremony were posted online that night and our marriage license was processed and ready for certificate-ordering by Tuesday. All for around $500. If I ever go back for a renewal of vows, I will a) skip the $7 rhinestones on the flowers and b) order a package that doesn't include photos. The rhinestones were just as cheesy as they sound (I don't know why I let the woman over the phone convince me to buy them), and ordering photos through the chapel is completely unnecessary because the images are all posted online for free download. I had them printed at Walmart. I do wish they sold photo memorabilia... if it was up to me, I'd use my $80 photo credit toward a couple of mugs with Elvis, Eddie, and my faces on the front. In any case, with such a pleasant experience, I'm surprised MORE people don't get married this way. Wedding planners beware: if more people figure out how great a wedding at the Graceland Chapel is, you might just be out of a job.
2	Graceland Wedding Chapel was the perfect venue for our wedding & our experience was indeed one to be remembered for a lifetime....So why 2-Stars & not 5?  Because we felt extremely rushed from the moment we were picked up & we didn't have nearly enough time w/ Elvis.  The last straw came from the absolute EXTORTION they try to charge for photosI will say they set expectations that the ceremony would last about 15 min...however, I thought that meant the actual "ceremony" part was 15 min & we would have more time allotted for taking pictures or having our quality-Elvis time.....especially after we PAID OVER $600 ( and this was BEFORE tips )Soon as we got there, they were wrapping up a ceremony & were already ready for us - there were 3 people behind the counter w/ each person talking to a different person in our party & it was very chaotic....couldn't keep up w/ all the conversations, except that someone was asking for a credit card.  Literally as the credit card was being placed back in our wallet, we're walking down the aisle & the vows are being completed.  There was no opportunity to make sure my dress was appropriately fluffy, or even sitting center, my hair was still in place, if I had lipstick smeared across my face - nothing!Then the photographer doesn't even give us a moment to breathe or let anything sink in as he's directing us to hurry up, stand here, stand there, hurry up, hold the flowers, look at each other, hurry up.  Elvis comes over to stand in a few shots then we're handed the tip-envelopes & it's all over & we're like, wait!  What just happened?!And I can absolutely confirm the entire experience ( ceremony * plus * pics ) lasted 12 min b/c of the timestamps on our photo package - which began the moment they shut the door to the moment the final pic was taken & we were shown the exit.  Let me repeat - TWELVE MINUTESIf I'd known the *real* timetable, I'd have purchased 2 of the cheaper ceremonies & had more Elvis time for less money b/c yeah, it was THAT important to meHeck, it would have been nice to have had even 5 extra minutes for an opportunity to take a few photos the way *we* would have liked to take them either w/ each other or especially w/ Elvis....after all, this was the whole reason we had chosen Graceland.....and especially after the amount of money we paidI certainly appreciated them knowing the routine well enough to know all the best places to stand & the best poses but our limo driver spent more time w/ us than the "professional photographer" or Elvis did, if that tells you anythingAnd speaking of pictures, as there are no "outside" cameras allowed, you're held hostage.....packages include a DVD of the ceremony but do NOT include pics.  We received an $80 credit towards ordering *printed* photos - but charging $5.95 for 1 printed 4x6 copy is ridiculous!  I can get them printed at Walgreens myself for $0.15!!!  And if you'd like the jpegs?  Be ready to cough up TEN DOLLARS PER JPEG b/c they've disabled any way to download them yourself....and at more than 100 pics, we're talking over $1000?  Are you ** serious  ** ?!So have to say we were fans of the overall concept but I think the jury is still out on the experience....because I really can't remember any of it & for the money we paid, there should have been additional chapel-time, more time w/ Elvis, & digital pics included
4	Great little place to get married if you just picked up your marriage license just a couple of blocks away and need a place to officially get hitched. They offer small basic wedding packages to full size chapel ones complete with limo service and Elvis. I recently just visited as my friends decided to get married late one night and they needed me as their best man. It's a solid Vegas expierence that I think everyone should try and at least attend once in their lives while living here in Vegas.
1	Everything was great except for the awful French Canadian minister. Maybe they use the B team in the off season in Vegas. If you book with the chapel, they will not tell you that if you don't prepare your own vows, the minister will go on some weird, long spiel about wifely duties, God, and all the other stuff my subconscious has since suppressed. So either prepare your own vows or ask the chapel EXACTLY what Elvis or the kooky minister will be saying. The chapel and/or the minister should have asked about our religious affiliation or given us a description of what the minister was going to say. My SO is an atheist and despite being Catholic, if I had wanted to hear an old fart hint at my wifely duties in a heavy French accent, I would have gotten married in a church by Pepe Le Pew.  We assumed when we asked for "normal vows" that the minister would simply ask us to take each other as husband and wife in sickness and in health blah blah blah. Instead, the minister went on and on (and on it seemed) and I suspect he was simply trying to kill time. I wanted to tell him to shut the hell up so Elvis could sing the next song. Jack our limo driver was a class act. He took so many photos of us outside the chapel. The front desk ladies were extremely friendly. Elvis had a great voice and persona. We liked a lot of the photos taken of us by the chapel photographer. It's a lovely chapel with hardwood floors now, but really nail down which minister will be officiating and what he or she will be saying. Or just let Elvis do the cheesy vows based on song lyrics. I wish we had done that now.
4	My husband and I planned on getting married in Vegas and after reading all the good reviews on Yelp, we decided to go with Graceland and I am glad we did!!Pre-Wedding: The staff was very easy to work with from the very beginning.  I made my wedding reservation online and approx. 2 days later I received a confirmation email from Graceland.  I had add'l questions so I emailed them and they responded within 48hrs.Wedding Day: We arrived 15 min prior to our 4pm start time as requested by Graceland. While we waited for the minister to arrive, our photographer begin to take pictures of us. When the minister arrived, promptly at 4pm, our service begin and was complete within 10 minutes.  It was very short and sweet and we like that he quoted scriptures from the bible.Pictures: We were very satisfied with our photographer and the quality of the pictures.  As previously, he took photos of us before and during our ceremony. They were even uploaded to the site an hour after our ceremony for our viewing!!I recommend Graceland to any couple wanting a nice, intimate, quick wedding in Vegas. It was not at all cheesy as I initially expected, it was quite romantic. ;)
5	I had watched a preview of this chapel before my husband and I went to Las Vegas last spring. I knew I want to renew my vows Elvis style. I choose a Hawaiian theme since I knew the flowers wouldn't keep.We got the first time spot for the day chosen. I was thrilled with the fact that I didn't need to bring my marriage license. Many places in Las Vegas require your marriage license if you want to renew vows.We were picked up right on time in our limo and driven straight up there. I had time to "add final touches" and then have the ceremony. "Elvis" escorted me down the aisle, performed the ceremony complete with the hilarious vows and did snippets of three Hawaiian numbers.I had purchased a couple of "extras" such as the red cloth Elvis draped on me during the ceremony and a photo frame. We posed for pictures afterwards and then the limo had us back at our hotel within a matter of minutes.The photos were expensive but worth it. My professional bridal photographer was also expensive when I was married.The staff was very warm and friendly and helped make my 2nd most important day a day I will always cherish.
5	Elvis package FTW. Graceland Wedding Chapel is the perfect location to have your small, intimate ceremony in Las Vegas!The minister who performed our ceremony was outstanding. He spoke beautifully about marriage and used our names (after meeting us 5 minutes before) without looking at a sheet of paper. It was standard marriage fare, but it seemed like he was speaking from the heart and like he knew us for years.Elvis stole the show. He made us laugh and calmed us down for our lifetime event. Elvis was very professional and a good character.  He sang 2 songs and had fantastic commentary throughout and after the ceremony.The photographer did many shots before, during, and after the ceremony. My favorite photos include Elvis. We did not buy a photography package ahead of time. When we arrived home we went on Graceland Chapel's website to view our photos. They were really cheap to purchase individually and were very well done.The interior of the chapel was beautiful. I was not expecting the facilities to be this clean, decorated and warming.  I'm not a flower person and could care less about my bouquet.  I ordered the 1 rose option. It was stunning.  Absolutely breathtaking. The other, larger bouquets in the cooler for later weddings were really nice as well. Not to be biased, but our wedding was the best wedding I have ever attended. Thank you Graceland!
3	We had our wedding ceremony at Graceland Wedding Chapel.  Our experience with the chapel for the ceremony and their photo department are different. The chapel people made one mistake related to our photos. Dealing with the photos after the ceremony has taken a lot of time and effort.We booked 30 minutes in the chapel because of reviews I read about being rushed.  You usually receive 15 minutes. We paid $150 for the additional 15 to give us 30 minutes total.  We purchased a package that had a minister perform a civil ceremony followed by Elvis appearing after we said I do.  I am going to address our five issues with the photos, then get some positives about the ceremony.  (1) I had emailed a list to the chapel of who I wanted photographed in the chapel.  The chapel confirmed my list by email.  We did not receive what was confirmed. The chapel did not give the list to the photographer. We only received a group shot, quick, shots of us with our parents, and shots of just us (bride and groom). (2) If you want to purchase digital images of your photos, the chapel charges $15.00 per image.  Enough said.  (3) If you want any editing done to the digital photo images, the cost is $15.00 for the first photo and $5.00 for each additional photo, in addition to the digital image charge. Enough said.  (4) We ordered wallet sized photos.  The photos do not arrive pre-cut. They have no borders to allow for space to cut either. I bought an exacto knife and a rule to do as well as possible.(5) The chapel sends the photos at 72 dpi.  At least 250 is recommended for good quality and professional prints.  When we use the images, the print quality has not been great.  We contacted the chapel's photo department for the photos in at least 250 dpi. I had a lot of back and forth and time put in with the chapel's photo department about this. Then we only received 15 of the 61 images at 250 dpi. The rest we have are still 72 dpi. Come on.  We paid a fortune and these are our wedding photos!What are you going to do as to the photo pricing? The photos the chapel posts on their website are stamped and protected from copying. Either pay the chapel for photos of your wedding ceremony or have none.  No one is permitted to take photos in the chapel except the chapel photographer. We could not afford to order all photos taken at our ceremony. A wedding is once in a lifetime, so imagine how sad, irritated and disappointed I am as a bride. The chapel will send its limo (capacity 6 people) as a part of your package to transport you to the chapel and back.  We needed it to take us back to our hotel one half hour after the ceremony finished (we took photos outside the chapel after the ceremony). We were not permitted to use the limo on the return because it needed to be free for other ceremonies. On the day of the wedding, our limo driver was surprised and indicated we could have had his service for the return. We (bride and groom) ended up taking our guest's bus (Bell Trans 24 passenger) from the chapel back to our hotel for the reception. The chapel can arrange for the groom not to see the bride until she is walking the aisle.  They did a good job with this.If you have a train on your dress, tell them you want to start your aisle march in the reception area.  They were going to have me start half way down the aisle so they could shut the doors at the start (so their photos and video would not show the lobby or any persons in the lobby). I didn't care - I wanted to walk fully down the aisle with my father (not half the aisle for about 3 seconds) and have my train follow properly. The chapel had no issue with that. I considered having my matron of honor - our only wedding party - walk the aisle before my dad and I, but the chapel said no unless we wanted her to walk to the wedding march (the only music they have for the ceremony) or we brought our own music.Our minister was nice, I think -saw him for about three seconds before the ceremony - and the ceremony wording was fine enough.  He had an accent that made it a bit difficult to understand him at times.  Elvis' performance after we said "I do" was fantastic. Do it! We kept it a secret from our guests and had a blast.  He sang a part of three Elvis songs, not the entire song, and then also performed his own ceremony for us with some great "vows."  We paid for the webcast of our ceremony.  It is worth doing. Friends and family who were not at the ceremony were able to watch. It meant a lot to us and them to share this special occasion this way.Overall, I was pleased with the ceremony part, but not so pleased with the photography experience.
4	.....why DO fools rush in?????Listen, I no fool. I eloped.and Elvis walked me down the aisle.In less than 30 minutes I was married and ready for celebrating. And let me tell you, I have not stopped celebrating.!! Big wedding idea was not for me, but sharing good laughs and enjoying an intimate/memorable moment with the one person I love is. I highly recommend GWC for any Elvis fan who wants a no fuss ceremony.**thanks to all the staff who so kindly calmed my nerves while I waited and answered all my emails!!
5	Amazing! Wonderful! Exceeded our Expectations!Look no further, these folks are wonderful.My husband and I had always wanted to get married by Elvis.. so we decided to revew our vows with him at 10 years. Graceland Wedding Chapel, was wonderful, helpful and so organized. We had a ball and have referred other friends there since our ceremony.Thank you to the entire team at Graceland Wedding Chapel, we will see you at our 20th.
5	Got married here on June 26 and it was a beautiful fun fast experience the staff were very gracious the Elvis that married us was fantastic I recommend this place to get married for anyone who loves Elvis or if you just want a memorable fun wedding experience I would so do it again (to renew my vows) I loved it I'm proud to say I was married at Graceland wedding chapel
5	We renewed our vows Saturday night at the Graceland Chapel with Elvis for our 17th wedding anniversary (17 on 17) and had a wonderful time.  The staff was very helpful, and even though it was quick, we did not feel rushed at all.  The Elvis (Harry) was spectacular, the photographer was really efficient --- I can't wait to see the photos (not up yet... must have had a busy weekend)!  A great time was had by all.  And our limo ride was great - we all sang along to the Elvis hits on our way there and back (the limo driver has lots of patience to listen to our caterwauling).
5	Got hitched here last weekend and - I can't say enough how amazing it was. Just the right balance of fun & genuine sentiment for me & my Hubby. We're not 'Big Wedding' people and the thought of having a 40-min ceremony with tons of guests & hours of picture-taking broke us out in stress-sweat. The courthouse option seemed kind of depressing so I went to my Hubby-To-Be with the logical argument of "What?! You want a wedding with NO Elvis?!?!":-)   He agreed and we did some research and decided on Graceland and, of course - ELVIS!!!!Boy, am I ever glad we did. From Jamie our limo driver (limo plays Elvis music the whole time!!! Nice touch), to Rhonda at reception, to Carlos the minister, to Michael Conti, who was/is a FABULOUS Elvis and, last but definitely not least - Abe the photographer/videographer/host extraordinaire  - They all made us feel welcome, special, unique and were super kind & enthusiastic. Carlos spent a little time with us at the start to ask some questions and then, on his own steam, very much catered his words during the ceremony to US. Yes, it was fun to be married in this environment but it was also made very sweet & romantic. I never felt I was on an 'assembly line'. :-) They have it down to a science, which makes time-wasting unnecessary but they get everything in & do it with wonderful style. Also, my interactions with Mary on the phone prior to the wedding were great - She was marvelous. The original DVD had a little skip in it (you get it right there & then - Awesome) and when I called to ask about getting another, Lance did it within the hour and was very pleasant about it. I mention this not as a criticism but as praise cos you can tell a lot by a business with how they handle hiccups and, like everything else involved, it was dealt with in a lovely efficient manner. Pictures were FANTASTIC and up amazingly fast - Which is nice cos that's the stuff you're excited to see & they can often take days or even weeks to receive, from what I've heard from family & friends regarding their wedding vid & pics. Suffice to say - What a brilliant experience this was! Painless and stress-free. My married friends are totally jealous we did it our way. After hearing so many of their horror stories, I can't say I blame them! ;-) No horrors for us - Just fun & love & Elvis. Can't go wrong! Viva Las Vegas & Viva Graceland Chapel!!!
5	We were married at the end of July at Graceland Wedding Chapel. I didn't know what to expect and to be honest I thought it was be just a silly wedding at an Elvis Chapel. We wanted it to be fun. It was so much better than we could ever have expected.  All the staff were AMAZING. Francee up the front helped us through all the paperwork, showed us where everything was and just took great care of us. Carlos was our minister and he was also fabulous! Everything was simple and tastelful thanks to him. Even Elvis was great. He sang all the songs we picked and walked me down the isle.  He was totally professional and did a great job. Our photographer, Lance, got in the mood with us and made our wedding photo shoot a lot of fun. Everyone was caring and attentive.  The ceremony turned out to be really touching and special. Thanks Brandon for making this all happen and taking care of the details before the day.  You have a great crew down there!
2	I was not impressed at all. My friend planned for months a secret vow renewal for her parents' 40th wedding anniversary where they flew in from the East Coast to Vegas (for the first time) to make this happen. Anyway, the videographer forgot to bring out the video camera and so my friend had to do her heartfelt speech all over again in order for him to catch it. They tried to play it off by saying, "Ok- that was a practice run- take 2" but it seriously killed the moment. :( And also they didn't have anyone manning the door and so people kept trying to open the door during the ceremony. I can see potential but they really need to up their professionalism.
5	ELVIS IS IN THE BUILDING!  What an amazing experience.  My husband and I renewed our vows on our 7th Anniversary at Graceland Wedding Chapel.  It was wonderful!The staff was very organized and Elvis was so authentic.  If you missed the real Elvis you won't be disappointed.  Having him walk me down the isle was a lifetime wish fulfilled.  The minister, Carlos, was very professional and made the ceremony extremely memorable.  We concluded with dancing to Rock-a-Hula.Thank you, thank you very much,  to the entire team.
5	OK first off: yes, the ceremony is quick. When they say 15 minutes, they MEAN 15 minutes. And yes, there may well be ceremonies before and after yours. That means that there may be crowds of people inside and outside and it will feel a bit chaotic. The chapel itself is very close to lots of other off-strip chapels, and it's not in a particularly fancy neighbourhood, although the building and little courtyard are pretty. All of this means that if you want a quiet, lengthy, traditional serious ceremony, this is not the place for you. But if that's what you want, why are you getting married in Vegas??The limo driver was very polite and right on time. When we pulled up outside, we were ushered into the office to sign paperwork and pay while the guests milled around quite happily in the carpark. After the previous ceremony was done, we were all ushered in, with myself and the groom standing at the back of the chapel - you walk down the aisle together unless requested otherwise I think.  Our minister appeared to be a cross between Jacques Chirac and Pepe le Pew and was clearly enjoying himself. We didn't ask for Elvis, although at one point he did fling open the door saying "Heyyyyyy!" but I think that might have been a mistake. The photographer (Abe?) was a hoot, very cheerful and entertaining. People were giggling for most of the ceremony and the photos afterwards, so if you want a serious ceremony with gravitas then maybe consider the Bellagio!Al in all, it was quick, well organised, the staff were friendly and my new in-laws were horrified. Great success!
5	We got married here last weekend and it was great!  Guests said this was the most fun they had ever had at a wedding - and that's what I wanted!  Making reservations was easy - Levi and Rhonda provided excellent customer service. They space out their ceremonies every half hour and I was worried that it was going to be crowded with other guests but we were the only ones there at that time (Sat. at 4pm.) Elvis walked me down the aisle and at the end of it all, everyone was dancing and having a  good time. Thank you Graceland staff!
4	Wow! I was more than impressed with the quality of this low budget wedding. Prices are great. I was afraid since they are doing so many weddings that we would not get the attention and cooperation we would need, but the staff was very accommodating, helpful, and friendly. We made several changes after the original contact, and they helped us all along the way. They were busy at wedding time,but everything ran smoothly - took time to answer all our questions. I was afraid too that Elvis might be bored or detached, but he was extremely gracious, got to know us, smiled a lot and put on a memorable performance. The Elvis ceremony is just a show, but the real marriage service was performed by a sincere and gracious minister named John.I really enjoyed the location; not far from the Marriage License Bureau (another helpful resource). The chapel itself is lovely; small but clean and picturesque. Lots of photo opportunities in front, inside, and on the side. We are both in our 70s, and have been together many years, so we thought this would be fun way to 'elope' and show that old folks can have fun too. I was not disappointed!  It was lively and audacious, but we also saw a tender and committed side too, befitting the important nature of a loving marriage.  I liked the Chinese-Menu style of services. We went with a low-cost alternative, but then added a few sentimental extras - like buying a shirt that they sell at the front counter, and we added the DVD too.All-in-all, we were very pleased and have a lot to tell the grand-children about. A genuine thumbs up from both of us. I didn't give it the full 5-stars only because of very minor cudda-shudda's, such as no title formatting on the DVD and a wee bit high on the prices for the photo prints. I have video editing software, and it was easy to make up a spiced up version of the video to present to family and friends. A hat's-off to all the lovely people in Las Vegas who, when hearing we just got married, were so enthusiastic in their wishes for us. This experience was way more fun than I ever anticipated.
4	It's cute, small, intimate.  They were running a little late because there was a wedding before ours (my friends wedding).   I guess if you just want a quick wedding, this is the way to do it.  I just hope the marriage lasts longer than the actual wedding haha just kidding!  Even though we waited outside for a bit, when we finally got into the chapel. They were focused on the bride and groom and making that short experience worthwhile.  They did a good job.
5	Renewed our vows here a few days ago and it was fantastic!! The staff was great and Elvis was amazing!   They started our ceremony about 20 minutes late so they gave us the $60 DVD for free!  can't say enough good things-  highly recommend!!!
4	Pro: Entertaining Venue - Fast Service - In & Out in 15 minutes or so. Staff was busy but nice. Affordable. ELVIS of Course!Cons: Not the most modern facility. Dumpy surrounding area.
5	We didn't really know what to expect but were so pleasantly surprised - great experience.  We renewed our vows after 40 years.  The people on the phone were great helping us plan.  The limo showed up exactly on time.  Check-in was easy and friendly.  The photographer, Abe, was a stitch.  Made us very comfortable and it was fun.  The photographs were on-line for viewing by the time we got to our dinner reservation following the ceremony.  And Carlos the minister did a great job.  All in all a terrific, fun experience, one we would highly recommend.  Thanks to Graceland, Art and Barbara
5	Elvis renewed our vows and it was amazing!  Elvis was fabulous.  highly recommend it - what a great experience. very professional.
5	My partner and I were visiting the States from Australia and decided - what better time to get married than when we're passing through Vegas! And, hey, let's do it with Elvis!We chose Graceland because of its awesome reviews and cute exterior. It helped that it was only the two of us, but we didn't feel rushed or pressured throughout the whole process - from making the booking over the phone, to getting picked up by the limo driver, to the actual official ceremony and to the time we got to spend in the Chapel with Elvis. It also helped that we picked up our marriage license the day before (also a lot easier than expected), so we had the morning leading up to the big event to relax by the hotel pool. This may be the quick and easy way to have a wedding, but everyone at Graceland still appreciates the value in the fact that you are getting MARRIED and that this is a very important moment in your lives! We had a great experience!
5	My husband and I just got married here last week and it was perfect! It wasn't cheesy vegas style at all (which is what I was worried about) The photographer was great and took the best pictures! The officiant was great and did a nice job! We couldn't be happier!
5	We chose this chapel for our 7th anniversary vow renewal on 7/7 for a couple reasons, the history of the chapel dating back to 1927 and it's ties to WWII, and the fun fact of Jon Bon Jovi getting married there; but two words absolutely stole the show for us for our experience- Brendan Paul (aka "Elvis")!!! We didn't know what to expect, and as we waited in the lobby for our "ceremony" to start, "Elvis" came out to check something at the front desk. It really mine as well have been Elvis himself! I swear, my heart skipped a beat and I was beyond excited for our wedding to start. He was awesome! He is very statuesque, clearing 6'5" (if I had to guess) and his hair and jump suit were dead on! This set the stage for our excitement for our own Elvis ceremony. Every second of our ceremony was a blast. Brendan/"Elvis" was incredibly personable and also an awesome singer and my husband got to sing part of his favorite Elvis song with him- an added bonus! Based on pictures other couples have uploaded of their experience, we assume it's not the same "Elvis" everyday. We really and truly lucked out getting Brendan Paul. The others may all also be great and we have no one to compare ours to, but he was so impressive, and tons of fun. All other aspects of our experience with the chapel were perfect. The photographer, Abe, was also super personable and tons of fun. He has taking pictures down to an art and knows exactly what poses to do and places to stand to get the best shots. We loved almost every single picture he took. The limo driver was very nice and took many great pictures of us outside the chapel, after the ceremony, with one of our phones to help chronicle the experience. A great touch and very much appreciated. The front desk staff were all accommodating and friendly.From start to finish we were more than pleased with our experience with Graceland Wedding Chapel. Thank you to everyone who helped make our 7th anniversary a celebration to remember!
5	My husband and I were married at Graceland Wedding Chapel 6/14/14 and we had the best experience ever! Rachel was so very helpful from the very beginning. She provided me with a great list of vendors and services to make our special day go smoothly. Our family and friends had such a great time. The dueling Elvis wedding package was worth every penny. Both were absolutely phenomenal. The photographer was awesome. We have such great pictures to share thanks to Abe.We highly recommend Graceland Wedding Chapel for a wedding or vow renewal. We are already planning to be back for our 10 year anniversary for our vow renewal.Thanks again for being so awesome!Jaime and Mark
5	From the start with the booking process it was top notch.  Great communication, they made it so easy! The day of wedding, so friendly and professional.  Everything was ready to go! I upgraded the flowers to the All Shook Up. They were gorgeous!  The Elvis was incredible! It was a fun energetic ceremony!  We had the offiant marry us in the side office before hand so it looked as if Elvis married us.  The offiant ceremony was quick but sentimental.  I almost cried! All of our 27 guests said it was the best wedding they had ever been to! We'll be back to renew vows!
4	Girlfriend's parents got their vows renewed here. It was a short, concise ceremony lead by "Elvis!" He came out singing (as per their request, their wedding song) "I Can't Help Falling in Love With You," which was sweet, and I'm glad they were able to accommodate them.Our "Elvis" was a pretty good impersonator, getting the singing voice down perfectly. When he spoke, however, he didn't make much of an attempt, but he was sweet and to the point so putting on a bad fake accent would have taken away from the ceremony. The photographer was a bit awkward, giving confusing instructions, but I guess anyone getting an actual quickie wedding wouldn't mind too much.
5	Best time ever! Very professional booking and ordering. Wife loved the flowers. Elvis was super fun and entertaining. Photographer was top notch as well. We renewed our 10 years here, should've done this the first time. So much fun, thanks for the memories
5	Fans of Jaime McGuire's Beautiful Disaster novel have to stop here! As a fan I came here for souvenirs and to see where Travis and Pigeon were married. The employees behind the desk must have thought I was nuts but were very helpful and accommodating. The staff is super super friendly. I immediately felt at home after talking with one worker discussing my home state which he used to live in also. If I were to get married in Vegas, I would definitely without a doubt consider Graceland chapel. The staff alone made the experience so pleasant. And Bon Jovi was married there so why not?! Spoken like a true Jersey girl lol.
5	What a great, fun time!  A bit tacky for sure, but that's the alure of this place.  The limo driver was right on time.  The Elvis impersonator was quite spot on and a great sense of humor.  He even accomodated us with a birthday song to a family member.
4	Every once in awhile you have to pull something off to break character.  For me, going to the Graceland Wedding Chapel, was my equivalent of "Breaking Bad." It simply isn't my style.  However, after a handfull of beers, it was bombs away from a B-17 Flying Fortress named "Devil in Disguise."  The nuts and bolts of this operation are as follows: The venue is located downtown. It is about 4 blocks from Fremont Street. The venue is small.The waiting room and reception area are somewhat cramped.There are no cabs in the area.The operation appears to work on volume and precision.  You get hustled around a bit.Our Elvis impersonator was Jeff Stanulis.  He was cool.You'll likely end up singing "Viva Las Vegas" with Elvis (and with gusto).The tune will stick in your head all night.When the service was done, we walked to Fremont Street.We didn't get rolled along the way.The trek to Fremont Street will cost you your beer buzz.A quick cocktail on Fremont puts your buzz back in the driver's seat.As one might expect, women completely dig the Elvis experience.
5	We couldn't ask for anything more! The staff were great. The service was exactly what we wanted. The photographer was perfect. The limo driver was very nice. We would not change anything from our experience. We have told everyone we know, this was fantastic!
4	We recently renewed our vows here for our  30th wedding anniversary. It was such a fun experience which is what we wanted second time around. The limo driver was punctual, the photographer Abe, was funny and matched our sense of humour.Of course you cant go to Graceland Chapel and not have Elvis perform the ceremony, so we did, it was a great memory and would recommend to anyone doing the trip to Vegas for the same reason.
