5	Tran was AMAZING! Our baby was a bit shy, but after some chocolate and speed walking he finally cooperated.  Even though she was totally booked and running late, she took the time to make sure we got a slew of great pictures.  She seemed to enjoy the process almost as much as we did - giggling at his chubby cheeks and kissy faces.  I highly recommend My Sunshine Baby!
5	Wow! What an awesome, wonderful, beautiful experience. She was so sweet and excited with us to see our baby moving. We watched out sweet baby move for a long time on a large flat screen tv in a tranquil room with relaxing music. She really loved people and babies and made the experience so special for us. She even wrote the gender down on an envelope for us and didn't even slip :) we saw so many cool things and didn't feel rushed at all. I would recommend My Sunshine Baby to anyone. We did this on a whim and I'm so glad we did!! Definitely going back with our next baby :)
5	We went here today to get a 16-week 3D/4D ultrasound done. It's not an actual medical facility, but rather a place where moms and dad to be can see a more detailed ultrasound of their baby and determine the sex of the child prior to the typical 18 weeks (they say they can do it as soon as 11 weeks sometimes).Fan is the ultrasound technician here - they only have one room, but that's a good thing. You get her undivided attention for the session, which lasted about 45 minutes. The room is very comfortable and inviting - much different than going to an OB office. She took the time to get the best angles of the baby for our DVD and CD full of 77 photos. We got several color and black/white prints, as well as a teddy bear with the baby's actual heartbeat recorded inside it.I can't recommend Fan and My Sunshine Baby enough. This was a great experience, and a great deal at only $115.
5	I could not imagine a better place to get my 3d/ 4d ultrasound done. I felt a hundred percent comfortable with Fan. I can tell she really loves what she does. I recommend this place to any and every one. Seeing your baby for the first time is a wonderful experience, and it is even better when you have someone who is high spirited to help you with the process. The prices are the best in town, and are a true bargain for the experience. I got my ultrasound done at 32 weeks, it was absolutely amazing.
