4	This is a little nook of salon that has several pedi chairs and one counter for mani's. The pedi chairs are awesome with little hidden bowls in the armrests to soak your hands if you're also getting a mani or your gel polished removed - while your feet are being spoiled, your hands can be too! People are super friendly and my gel mani was good, but not best I've had. They have matching gel and regular nail polish colors if you want to use one on your toes and the other on your hands.
2	It's great they serve alcohol and all but probably one of the worst pedicures I've received. Not sure if it's cause the girl giving me it was my peer and that's kind of awkward. A lot of the dead skin did not get taken off. The polish is uneven. Completely chipped less than a week later. I really loved the idea of this place since I live in ayrsley but I don't think I will be back. Driving to South Park is so much more worth it.
5	Great little find, nice spa atmosphere, friendly staff!! Got the hot stone pedicure!! Awesome!! Relaxing little get away! Wish it was closer to sc.
2	I visited the Nail Bar because it is walking distance from my apartment.  I am not a big fan of the ambiance of the place.  The salon I regularly go to is more comfortable and the quality of customer service is better.  Also, I was trying to get a different design on my nails but the nail tech didn't really assist me in anyway besides informing me of the upcharge.  Not my cup of tea, but hey.
4	I've been here twice and I like how clean it is. Prices are reasonable and there was no wait both times I got my nails done here. I recommend it over some other places I've tried in North Charlotte.
5	I tried this salon on a whim at the beginning of the summer, and I've been hooked ever since. Kristy and her staff are very clean and have a great selection of colors. The inside is not your normal nail salon. It is very sleek and trendy. They do take walk ins, but I would recommend an appointment to prevent waiting.
5	I went there for my first time today and it was the best service I've ever had at a nail salon. It was neat how they have the bar setup for nails and nice pedi stations. They also serve wine or beer if you are interested. The place was busy but they did everything they could to get us in without a long wait. The girls were super nice and personable. Usually don't get much conversations at pure nail salons. I will be returning and recommend highly. I also gave them a picture of a design for my nails and they did it perfectly.
