4	Ate here on a dummy run for a party booked later in the year. We arrived at 7pm on a Friday night to a cavernous, slightly daunting empty space, saved only by the smiling staff and the most delicious aromas wafting around.As we sat drinking our wine (the restaurant is byob, bring a screwtop or your own corkscrew) and eating our way through some of the tastiest lamb ever, the tables around us began to fill. Actually we lingered so long over our meal that these tables filled, emptied and filled again. And never, not once, were we made to feel unwelcome or rushed. 5 hours we were there; a personal best!
5	The restaurant decor isn't everybody's cup of tea with red walls and solid wood tables with low legroom height.But when it comes to food, you would find that it is just out of this world, everything is just well cooked and well presented with dishes similar to the usual middle eastern menu but with a hint and under Kurdish names. I might have not emphasised on this enough. but, simply Put, this is one of the best you might get in Edinburgh.
2	My friends and I came here as a celebratory meal after exams. After we were seated we soon were told (to our horror) that they didn't serve alcohol . This doesn't really ever define our dining experience except this was a celebratory meal of rather gruesome exam period.Too ashamed to get up and leave we proceeded to order. Our food came and to be frank with you it left me feeling very indifferent. Despite the exotic feel to the shop, the food was rather bland and well uninteresting despite their names. Food from this area is usually rich with spices but it felt like they forgot half the spices and gave us a bland variety which I guess the great British public would consider exotic but for us (mostly international students from areas close to that region) left us feeling a bit cheated. We also wanted to smoke a (rather overpriced) sisha pipe but were told we couldn't cause it was too early in the day (?).Having said that the service was really efficient and friendly. The view from the windows is grand as you look down on Old Town rooftops.  I hope this was a one-off experience and their cuisine has improved a bit since then. Some friends of mine who went (not those who were with me) said they really enjoyed their meal. I hope to come here again... watch this space.
4	Hanam's, a Kurdish restaurant, is conveniently located across the street from the Hub, and just down from the castle and at the top of the Royal Mile.The proprietor meets you at the door with a smile. Hanam's has a friendly feel. With its bright white tablecloths, the whole place feels clean and fresh (the toilets were notably clean too!)The menu offers lots choice- including vegetarian. Within each section (starters, mains etc.) the dishes are interesting and exotic (to the likes of me at least). It's something different from the ubiquitous usual Indian or Chinese. All the dishes come with rise and Kurdish naan.I went with two friend and we shared three dishes. one sweet dish with apricots, one based around okra and one spicier aubergine dish. There could have perhaps been a little more flavour in the latter two but they were still delicious. Between this and the rice it was surprisingly filling. For the sake of this review I thought we should sample the very tempting dessert menu. We settled for the sharing platter for two (which was actually fine for three) which included various little sample sweets like baklava and ice cream.As an other reviewer has pointed out, Hanam's does not serve alcohol. Presumably this is because it is Muslim restaurant, so I think we can look past that. They do however offer many alcohol free drinks including a traditional yogurt drink, which although I didn't particularly like, am glad I tried.Hanam's is highly recommended.
4	I love Middle Eastern food so was excited when I heard there was a Kurdish/Middle Eastern restaurant in Edinburgh that I had yet to try!My boyfriend booked us a table at Hanams for Valentine's day so I was thrilled to give it a try. The restaurant itself is very neat and tidy with a cozy, Middle Eastern-themed (go figure!) atmosphere. There are lovely large wooden tables, cushions on the bench seating, flowing curtains and traditional lighting.  The smell inside is also amazing as it smells like barbeque and/or grilled meat!There are a variety of dishes on the menu and prices are fairly reasonable.  It should be mentioned that it is BYOB but they do have a selection of soft drinks, juices, teas and coffees. We shared a starter of three dips (hummus, babaganoush and a yogurt/tzaziki style dip) with a large piece of naan bread.  It was quite tasty (the hummus was our personal favourite) but we felt we could have had a bit more naan bread with it. However, we had plenty of dips left over which we kept for our main course so it all depends on how you look at it I guess!For our mains, my partner had a lamb gosht, which consisted of tender lamb pieces, potatoes and carrots stewed in a lovely tomato-based sauce. This was served with a generous bowl of basmati rice, which was nicely flavoured with cloves and various spices.  I had a chicken wing/chickpea curry type dish which was also served with a large bowl of rice. We then got another piece of naan with it to share.  Both main dishes were delicious and we were quite pleased with the flavours and the size of the portion.For dessert we shared Persian saffron and cardamom ice cream, which was lovely! At first I thought the flavour would be overpowering but it had a nice aromatic flavour.  It's hard to describe but it was definitely worthy trying!  I had the mango juice to drink, which was quite nice and my partner had the chai tea.  Overall we were pleased with our meal. We enjoyed the atmosphere and we felt the prices were fairly reasonable for being in a touristy area. Our bill totalled roughly 40 pounds for both of us, which for three courses (albeit two were shared between us) and drinks was not too bad.  Some things could be a bit cheaper, for instance, the starter was almost 8 pounds for one piece of naan and 3 small ramekins filled with dip, but as a whole it was affordable for a Valentine's night out.There are also set meals for 2 which I think total about 35 pounds and include three courses. The couple beside us had that and it looked like they had a great selection of things to share between them. I think I would get that next time I went!My only complaint, although not enough to put me off going there again, was the service was a bit lack-luster.  While the staff were fairly friendly, I felt they were not as attentive as they could have been. We were seated before a few tables yet were served after them.  We also had to wait quite awhile to flag down anyone for our bill.  Overall though, these complaints are minor and the restaurant is definitely a good place to go if you are interested in trying this type of cuisine or already love it!
4	We walked to Hanam's near the castle from our rental apartment.  It was pretty unassuming and even though it was early, the tables were beginning to fill up and it smelled pretty darn good. We were greeted immediately and, with our party of six, they quickly put some tables together for us. FYI...I'm going to get some of the dish names wrong here so I apologize in advance. And, yes, it was a bummer that they don't serve alcohol but I respect that and took the opportunity to have some juice instead (hmmmm....would've been good with some vodka in it ;-)We started with the dip trio with naan. Came with baba ganoush, hummus and a yogurt / cucumber sauce and it hit the spot....dips were very good overall with the baba ganoush being the slight weak link and the hummus the standout favorite. Naan was very good as well.The kids loved the chicken kebabs and this is a rarity as they usually dont like any spice at all. Other folks in my party had lamb (reported as very good and nicely spiced), chicken kebabs, and another vegetarian dish. I had the Tapsi which was a vegetarian stew. Very savory and excellent flavor with eggplant and cauliflower in a tomato and olive oil-based sauce.  It was served with a white long-grain rice....maybe jasmine or saffron? They also passed out a chili sauce and a yogurt-based sauce that I think were supposed to be for the kebabs but I "borrowed" some for my dish and it was delish. All in all a pretty good experience. As an Edinburgh visitor, it would probably make my go-back-to list if I were in the immediate area. If I were a local, I would do a little more searching and I'm guessing it might still be on my top list of Mediterranean places.
4	I'm a big fan of Middle Eastern food, so apologies in advance for the gushing review!I'd been trying to visit Hanam's for months, but whenever I turned up every table would be taken by happy diners. Eventually I managed to get a table (in the festival no less) and I was not disappointed. Good service, good food, and good wine (of course! I chose it myself in the wine store as Hanam's is BYOB. Very helpful for the bottom line). My other half and I both ordered lamb dishes, and they were absolutely delicious. The big naan breads we got went down well too. I've noticed in Edinburgh's Middle Eastern restaurants the naan's are far less stodgy than those found in Indian restaurants.The humus was a bit strange, and tasted quite shop bought. But apart from that Hanam's is pretty good for a munch.
1	Okay, I'm very divided about this review.First of all, let me say that the service was absolutely top-notch. Very friendly staff and lovely ambiance. And because of that I really, really, really, wanted to give this place more than one star,  but in all honesty, I can't.Here's what happened last night: I was with a group of friends and I ordered a starter as a main (I tend to eat smaller portions). While the rest of my friends seemed rather happy with their choices, one was very happy the rest meh-ish happy, I received three falafel balls on shredded lettuce with a small cup of humus.It was so disappointing, I don't even know where to start. The falafel were deep fried for so long that they were clearly burned on the outside, dark-dark brown almost blackened. There was no moisture, none, left in them. The shell of the falafel, what should have been a thin crispy crust, had turned into a half an inch thick uncrackable concrete-like substance. I had to hack away at it (really) with my knife to get at the inside, which was dry and tasted like sawdust with a tiny hint of chickpea.AND because I didn't want to ruin my friends birthday by complaining about my food, I ate it like a good little girl and suffered a massive stomach ache for the rest of the evening. No wonder, those balls were so hard they would have shattered like glass had I thrown them on the floor. And that's also what they felt like in my stomach, shards of glass.Now, the rest of the group was -let me reiterate- okay with their choices. No matter that the bread that came with it was kinda bland and the humus was ... well,... meh. Maybe I should give this place another chance, but I really don't want to suffer through another brick-induced 6-hour stomach ache again. This was a horrible experience.
3	I think Hanam's is great if you want juicy hunks of meat on a skewer, but less so if you order anything else. I've been twice, both times had the mixed kebab plate, and it was AMAZING. Tender, delicious, beautifully cooked pieces of chicken, lamb and minced-lamb kofta. But other people had a variety of underwhelming mushy stews, and my vegan friend said hers tasted like .... a bowl of spinach. "It's like they made the recipe for lamb and spinach and just left out the lamb without adding any other flavour".I'd agree with Lou, below, about the felafel, too - you could use them as weapons. The stuffed vine leaves head in the opposite direction, being too soft and floppy. So - if you want a delicious feast of meat, this is great. If not, maybe not ideal.
4	Very low key restaurant.  Do come hungry.Ordered the lamb gosht with pomegranate rice, washed down with a bottle of Portuguese non-alcoholic beer.  FYI - there are no booze in this establishment.Lamb was moist and charred in the right places.  Mouthful of raisins (or sultanas - whatever) in every bite.Our Turkish waitress was friendly and chatty.
4	Great food. Great shisha. But bring your own booze. They only sell non alcoholic drinks. Other people did bring their own wine tho
2	I really wanted to like this place, however I found the food to be lacking in flavour even the Chilli Gosht Kebab lacked heat, the green chillies (all 2 of them I suspect) seemed to be for colour and effect with the flavour removed!As for the veg shila sauces that accompany dishes like the biryani, the two I tried were just uninspired and not in the least bit interesting.Two stars because the staff were professional and friendly, however I won't be back... Perhaps Middle Eastern food just isn't for me.
4	I booked Hanams for a team night out for 7 people - it was a hit! The food was extremely tasty and ideal for group sharing or basically "getting stuck in"! Very informal atmosphere. The service was a bit slow but in a way it was nice to be left alone when in a large group to pour your own wine. The quality and quantity of the food was top notch. Particular mention to the falafels! Yum. We did a complete school boy error though and chose 7 different starters to share amongst the 7 of us. By the time the mains arrived, along with an abundance of rice and bread (no stingy portions to be seen), we were all far too stuffed and our stomachs had to kick into greed mode.  The BYOB facility the main selling factor for me in choosing a dinner venue for a larger group however it's also worth noting it's an ideal venue where you have a token vegetarian or vegan in your group!I am looking forward to trying it's sister restaurant - Pomegranate.
2	I came here with a friend to smoke shisha a few weeks back. They don't have a separate area inside to smoke so you have to sit at the tables outside. It.was.freezing. And our umbrella blew over on us... This place has some pretty decent food, but if your looking to smoke shisha with your dinner, a better place that has separate smoke rooms that are warm is "Pomegranate" over in new town.
3	Pretty darn good hummus, falafel and schwarma.  Downside: knowing the location probably warrants a high rent, the prices were pretty exorbitant.  Lunch for 3 cost over 60 quid (and no booze).
3	I want to like this, but I am not able to. The owner is lovely. The food is plentiful and tasty. the service is fantastic. So I hear you say:  what is your problem? Every single time I have eaten here I have had issues. This is just me as none of my fellow diners on 3 occasions has the same issues. There is something in the spices or flavouring he uses that just doesn't agree with my digestive tract. Poor me. As the food is delicious and succulent. I have eaten lamb stews, kebabs and curried meat (goat, I think) here. All were yummy! But inevitably I will get a stomach upset.So Hanams.. It is not you. It is me. So I really do want to like Hanams, but I just can't.  Call it a gut feeling.
3	4 star ambiance 4 star naan4 star eggplant side that came with biryani3 star hummus/other dips1 star biryaniI sooooo wanted to love this place. Kurdish cuisine?!? Awesome. It's decorated very lovely inside with beautiful lamps, textiles, and other art from the Middle East. The naan was tasty as well as the eggplant dip. The hummus was okay as was the yogurt with cucumbers. Overall everything here needed salt. The Kurdish style chicken biryani was a real disappointment. I would give that one star if I could, but the bread and eggplant that came with the biryani made up for it. The biryani tasted like it was DAYS old. The peas inside looked shriveled and old. The chicken had a weird crust on it that only old food gets. You all know what I mean. I'm sure they had made it days prior and microwaved it for us. The menu description made it sound so heavenly, but I urge you to take a pass on this dish.
4	Ah it were a February Wednesday night and Lucie suggested going for some nice Middle Eastern cuisine. She has been going on about us going here for ages but finally last night we made it.The first thing that hits you when you go in is the smell, strong wafts of BBQ'd  meat.....I knew this was a carnivores restaurant already - this makes me happy. The restaurant itself it really nicely decorated - lots dark reds and Kurdish/Turkish frunishings. The friendly staff quickly make you feel at home and are fast to help you get your BYOB wine open - with no corkage charge to be seen which is a credit to them.For starter we had the Mushakal sharing starter, this was a delightful selection of the houses favourite starters, complete with hummus and a fresh side salad. My favourite was the Dolma, marinated vine leaves stuffed with aromatic rice.After considering the mains very carefully we both opted for the Mushakal Kebab,a generous helping of 3 skewers of minced lamb, chicken breast and lamb fillet. The star of the show for me was the lamb mince. It had so much fklavour going on. Wrapped up in some of the plentiful naan with some garlic sauce it was delciious. The chicken was juicy and tender with a light marinade, the lamb fillet was little bit too charred and being fillet had gone a bit tough being overcooked. The flavour though was very nice.Overall I liked Hanams, I would come back very happily and enjoy some more of their Middle Eastern delights.
5	Excellent service our waitress Mak was very friendly and efficient. We were in Edinburgh walking around and went in on a whim, the place was not very crowded but the food and ambiance was excellent. We had the Kebab and the daily lunch special very tasty. Note the naan cannot be finished by one person :)
4	Impressive de-alcoholized beverages list... and friendly service.
5	DELICIOUS is all I can say. Never ate in a Kurdish restaurant before, although this place is Kurdish & Mid eastern. The flavors are wonderful & potent. The naan bread to die for & VERY fresh too. Service excellent. Atmosphere very pleasant. We sat inside but they do have outdoor seating as well. Highly recommended
5	Fabulous.  Everything about this place was the best. The hummus and naan were to die for!!  Mixed kebab was minced lamb being the highlight!  Falafel,was great alittle dry.Don't miss this restaurant. It really stands out but especially in Edinburgh!  Decor beautiful!!Friendly and excellent service very professional.  Balcony on lower level available.Doesn't serve alcohol and we didn't  bring a bottle, but looked like many customers did. If I lived in Edinburgh I'd be a regular customer.
5	We happened on here with little time to spare between work and a show and were treated very well in their downstairs private room (since upstairs was full...)...We expected a dark party basement but the room is well lit by windows overlooking beautiful Victoria St and folk can do shishas or cigarettes outside while being served by really great, knowledgable, unobtrusive staff on the floor....We didn't BYO because we didn't have time..... We were just so simply blown away by the quality of the excellent hummus, breads, fatoush, lamb shawarma, chargrilled chicken wings....etc etc etc. We've tried these things at sister places and been less impressed, so this was a really good surprise for us.....We really look forward to going back there again as soon as we can!!!
