5	I utilized De Atley Events & Design to plan and execute my destination wedding.  No detail was left undone and we simply had the most wonderful experience a bride and groom could hope for.  The proprietor, Shannon De Atley, did a fabulous job incorporating our personalities into the ceremony and reception while making sure that all of the vendors were managed, pricing was negotiated to reasonable levels and our guests all commented that it was the most fun they had ever had at a wedding.  The little touches that I never would have thought of on my own were what really made things so special.  If or when I need to hire an organization for any event, I would definitely use De Atley Events & Design and recommend them to anyone looking for a top notch professional who also knows how to make sure everyone has a fun experience!
5	I hired De Atley Events & Design for some help planning my wedding and day of coordination. Shannon is extremely creative and knowledgeable about event planning. She had a great network of vendors for me to contact and gave me advice on how to save money while still planning the wedding of my dreams. I really valued her advice and contributions to my wedding planning process. She made everything easy and I knew if I encountered a problem along the way, I could always contact her. She also took a lot of stress off me during my actual wedding day. She was at my reception venue before any vendors arrived and was able to coordinate them and make sure everything was exactly how I envisioned it. When I finally arrived at my reception it was more beautiful than I every thought. Shannon did a wonderful job organizing everyone and setting up decorations. She is extremely professional and reliable and I would not hesitate to recommend her to anyone looking for help planning an unforgettable event.
5	My bachelorette party went off without a hitch due to the hard work of owner Shannon. She spent time on all the details, even the small ones - the theme even starting with the feathery invites. The decor and food was fantastic for a night in - then out - then back in with the girls ;) Personalized party favors of hand painted wine glasses simply topped off the night after all of the fun of Paris... I have never been to a bachelorette party that was so beautifully planned beyond just the night out. Thanks Shannon!
