5	Great managers, and staff. Solved a problem for me that the On line customer service center would have screwed me on. If you buy something online and have a problem go local. You will be amazed at the difference in how you are treated. The CSR rep. actually hung up on me when I tried to explain the mfr. took over 14 days to tell me I should have bought a different projector. They traded an Epson for my not quiet ready for 64 bit Ben Q, without any hassle(store). I had documentation. It really ticked me off that the Ben Q projector was manufactured in Feb. of this year but the online rep. told me she could not help.The store treated me like family. I made sure I spent $100 there out of gratitude. Also unless you want to be frustrated, buy Epson instead of Ben Q. I also have to send back another item that they told me I needed. Just got the RMA today($62). It amazes me they(Ben Q) put out products that cannot handle Windows 7 64 bit, 5 years after it was released.
3	Much like wandering a Home Depot (there's one nearby), I enjoy wandering the aisles of office supply stores. Interesting widgets and doodads for making my deck more interesting or more organized or just making it easier to get things done. So today, I popped into this OfficeMax to pick up some rubber bands and a new pen. Boring. But while I was there, I tried out the office furniture, poked at the laptops and seriously thought about getting a different shade of white paper for my home printer.A table out front with majorly discounted digital cameras and other electronic stuff. I was hoping for a bargain but didn't spot anything worthwhile.
2	I stop at this Office Max because they had a sale on a Security Software I have been looking at for awhile. The software was on sale for $54.00, which was 45% off the original price. I do a lot of Internet shopping as well and this price would be only good for 6 more hours, so instead of ordering it on line, I stopped by the store and picked up the empty box, then took it to the cashier for check out. He radioed another sales associate to get one from the back somewhere. Well, after 5-10 minutes the cashier told me we don't have anymore. That was it, "we don't have anymore, he can't find one." He gave me no other suggestions or any other useful information about this product! If you don't have the product in stock, why advertise it? I came home and order one online and now I am awaiting the 3-4 days for delivery. I was disappointed that this item wasn't in stock and the employees was not helpful, at all!!! I am not really impressed with this store, or maybe it's how the employees are trained. But the employee makes the store.
