5	Was out looking for a job and decided to treat myself to lunch . . . even though I am watching every penny . . . and decided to try a Food Truck . . . since I have wanted too for some time.Well guess what . . . I happened to spot Rock-A-Belly in the parking lot of a local business in the area I was job searching.  Ordered the Chubby Checker and a Coke . . . The sandwich was off the hook . . . full of flavor, hot, and very tasty . . . and don't get me started on their signature chips . . . I could eat those things all day.  The only thing wrong was that the soda wasn't as cold as I usually like . . . but what can I expect for being the first customer o the day.I will definitely be stopping back again . . . keep Rocking . . . Rock-A-Belly . . .
2	Food was good. Took forever to get it. Not overly busy at the gilbert good truck event but we had to wait 20mins for our food. The guy at the register was less interested in the people and more interested in bantering with the other good truck owner.
5	Best food truck. We used them for my twins 1st birthday and Rock a Belly was amazing. Arrived before our party started and was ready to go when guests arrived. All entrees came out in about 3mins and food was flowing. Everyone raved about the food. Guests ordered right off the regular menu and they met all guest request gluten free, kids menu items, vegetarian etc.Attitude of the owners and chef were great we could have not asked for anything more.
5	Had the Rock A Belly Truck for our twins first birthday party. Showed up early and was serving food when the first guest arrived.  Killer food , great vibe and the owner Jordan and Chef Chrissy Rock. Served 46 guests during a 2 hr party and wait time for the cooked to order food was 3 min tops. Food was out quick and very consistent. As in consistently good all 5 different entrees.  Everyone loved the food and did not hear anything negative had lots people ask how they can find them again. Both chicken and steak tacos were great. My favorite is the cubby checker cheese steak. Rock bread with salt infused wine was killer. Go for the side chips w the salt if you don't love fries. Highly recommend for A bite to eat or for a rocking Party!Wes
4	Staff were friendly food was great. We had the chicken tacos, Philly sandwich and loaded fries. Would have given a five star rating however the fries were a little undercooked.
2	The chicken tacos were tasty, but the portions are SMALL! I just finished my food (2 little tacos) and I'm still hungry. I'm a small lady, imagine if I were a big guy. For $8, I expect to get full. It'd be better if the tacos came with a side of rice and beans and some salsa for the tortilla chips, or give at least 3 tacos. Now I have to get more food some place...
