5	I can't believe this place only has one review on Yelp so far!I was taken here recently for my going-away dinner, and I was BLOWN AWAY. The food is incredible! It is in the same price-range as Golden Harbor (which I love), but in my opinion the food here is even better.We were a party of 13, and were seated comfortably in the large table in the side room. The owner of the place took our orders, and she was wonderfully fun/sassy about it. She gave great recommendations, and would tell us if she thought we were making an unsuitable selection.Cuisine highlights:- GARLIC SAUCE, anything in garlic sauce was delicious (beef, eggplant, etc)- Beijing duck (wraps had good texture, duck was cooked well, good sauces)- Crispy tofu (crispier coating than from Golden Harbor)- Fish with pine nuts (fish was battered and fried, and drizzled with a sweet sauce)- Steamed tilapia (very tender)- Scallion pancakes (owner served us two orders for free)- Kung Pao Tofu (all-around delicious)I had been skeptical of the place because of its location in the eerily-deserted Lincoln Square mall, but they renovated the place a few months back, and the ambience is great!My only regret is, having gone away, I can't partake in this sumptuousness anymore :(
5	Been to Tang Dynasty yesterday afternoon primarily because me and my friend could barely find another restaurant open at Labor Day weekend. We didn't expect much coming out of it but it turned out to be a pleasant dining experience. Food are fabulous. We had fish fillet in hot chili sauce, which we always love, and roasted duck, which is very popular there according to the waiter who took our orders. The duck tastes good with wrapper. But as time goes, the wrapper became cold and stiff, I started to take meat without wrappers. It turned out a bit greasy for my taste. Service was decent. The waiters gave us great recommendations and were being enough attentive . But it could have been better if I haven't had to ask twice before I got a refill of my drink . From what I saw, they must have had a very busy noon. Waiters were busy collecting plates and glasses off tables since we walked in. In summary, excellent A+ food and decent drink selection.  Friendly service.  Just, be prepared because it can get a bit loud (some might call it fun).  If that doesn't sound like your type of atmosphere, you can grab your meal to go - trust me, it's worth it.
5	It's a great Chinese restaurant with good service. Menu is always updating and they just had a all new dec.
5	I brought different friends to that restaurant several times recently. All my friends are very impressed by the food there. They have various kinds of food, and all are really good! Plus the owner of the restaurant is a super nice lady.
2	food is okay but not impressive.  The price is high. tip is enforced. One time we three friends just ordered regular dishes, costed 25$ per person , higher than average here
2	food is okay but not impressive.  The price is high. Tip is enforced no matter how the service is . I do not think it at all
4	Dinner for three last night. We stuck to the authentic Chinese side of the menu, and on the waiter's recommendation ordered one dish for each of us: half duck no bones, potatoes/eggplant/peppers, and spinach in garlic sauce. The duck was good though the "pancakes" were cold. The spinach was acceptable (and looked like a popular dish, considering how many other tables were ordering it). But the best thing hands down was the eggplant dish, which had the best sauce I think I have ever tasted. You will like eggplant after trying this dish! There was plenty of food for all of us, and we even took some home afterward; the vegetable dishes are large portions. Price was totally reasonable. Only real complaints are that the "hot" tea was barely warm, and that we had to flag down our waiter to bring the check, even though we'd been sitting over empty plates for quite a while.
5	I love this restaurant - you can choose from the traditional menu or American menu, so just about anyone will find something they like.  The prices are also very reasonable for the amount of food you get. I keep coming back to the dry tofu hot pot (soo good) and I can get at least 2, usually 3 meals out of it.  The owner is also very friendly! Highly recommended!
