5	The amount of money that I have spent here over the past couple years is probably equivalent to a down payment of a new house. Addict? Yes!!  This location is always my first stop on the way to a busy day on campus. The baristas are always smiling, very courteous and remember my drink every single time I am in. They always make it strong just the way I like it. Now if only they would establish a frequent buyer program this world would be a better place for all of us coffee hounds.
2	only giving a two  because it's 247. drinks.. blah. espresso.. Bleh! someone walked off with my phone there too when i went to the bathroom. wtf!!! employees were extremely unhelpful when asked if they noticed anyone walk up to where i was sitting (plain view of the counter). i canceled the phone 30minutes later when i got home, six international calls made from it from the time it was walked off with.  don't bother trying to call this place either the phone doesn't get answered. or at least didn't. did I mention the espresso is BLEeh??
3	I'm not a huge fan of Starbucks food but enjoy their coffee and it's  a convenient break from Hotel food & beverage, especially when traveling on business. I tried the eggs rancheros wrap with a grande coffee for breakfast. The wrap was tasty but I thought was on the small side and the coffee was tasty as norm. I was wired for hours!  Buzzzzzzzzz.
5	I second the opinion of best Starbucks in town.  Drinks are always great, service is fantastic (Sharon is the best) and they always remember people's drinks.  Gets busy between 8:30 and 9:30 am because it's right next to the Howard Hughes offices but they always handle it well.  Love this place.
4	This Starbucks location was located near my hotel so it super convenient and it's busy in the am. I tried the reduced fat turkey bacon with egg whites on a English muffin, I had to get my caffeine fix and went with a Cafe Latte -extra hot. Great service, quality and good variety of products will have me coming back here.
4	Located just northwest  of the Paradise at Flamingo Road intersection in the southeast  corner of the Howard Hugh's Business Park on Paradise Road I have usually seen this Starbucks busy. A good amount of the business are people  staying at the Paradise Road hotels, working in the Howard Hugh's Business Park and local establishments, UNLV students, and locals like myself.   In my opinion, the drawback to this Starbucks  is the heavy traffic on the two connecting  roads: Paradise and Flamingo Roads. First off it is illegal for northbound Paradise Road motorists  to make a left turn from the parking lot. This  requires driving into the business park to get to the traffic signal. Second, waiting to make a right turn onto southbound Paradise Road from the parking lot before  sitting through a few relight cycles during peak traffic has made me more steamed than my coffee.   Regardless of getting in and out of this Starbuck's, I regard this as a good  Starbuck's. It is currently open from 4:30 to 12:30 AM. What is unique, at least in the Vegas area  is that attached inside to a Fed Ex Office Store. There is sufficient indoor and outdoor seating. And the baristas are friendly. Will I return? Maybe if I am in the area or get an urge to go to this Starbucks.  I Know for sure that I will avoid it during peak traffic.
4	One of my favorite locations.  Always friendly service.
3	Nice busy location next to FedEx.  They are fast with preparing drinks.  I was actually offered a sample of the Iced Chai Tea  the last time I came in.  I was shocked.  The sample was quite a nice size too.  Tasty too I might add.  So I did step out of my normal drink and ordered a glass!The few times that I have sat inside, the dining area needed cleaning from crumbly table tops to empty cups on the tables and wrappers on the floor.
2	It's coffee. I'm more or less giving the rating for it's "crowd". The location can't get beat. However, having to fight for parking and having to fight for a seat between cabbies and bums outside is a nightmare.
2	Starbucks coffee is the same everywhere. I love it. This location though, not one of my favorites. There is never any parking because all the cab drivers from the strip are always there. Maybe I just come there at a bad time, but that is my review.
5	This location is legendary in Las Vegas. Now closes at midnight but used to be the spot when open 24 hours. Attached to the FedEx Office so makes a great office away from the office. I used to get a lot of work done there. Spot where I've seen many celebrities if that is your thing. Crew very professional. At least two of the team members I have seen there for about 10 years. Attitudes are still great at this location and you can get bold drip day and night. A g0od amount of seating inside and outdoor patio too. Great people watching location due to many office buildings, high rise condos and Stirp visitors
