4	Great sushi at a reasonable price.  Although the rolls are only five pieces, they are the largest, freshest rolls I have seen in Montreal.  I would highly recommend the Tuna Deluxe and Sweet Potato Tempura roll.  Miso and salad is not included with your order, but the $4.95 bowl of miso can easily satisfy two people.  Atmosphere feels much like you are sitting in someone's living room.  All booths have leather seating and the bar is very quaint.  Loved it!
4	The sushi here was very good - two in our group ordered a big combo of sushi, nigiri, and maki, which was beautiful and tasty.  The other two of us ordered a la carte nigiri and maki - huge rolls, as the other reviewer noted.  Would definitely recommend the Sweet Potato Maki and the Kamikaze Maki.  Our dessert of fried ice cream was more dough than ice cream, but the Nutella underneath it was delicious.  The atmosphere was warm and inviting, and the waitstaff was very friendly.  It was also pretty kid-friendly; our 11-month-old was a bit loud but it didn't seem to bother anyone else.  I'd definitely recommend Restaurant Ginger!
5	Asian fusion cuisine, as Ginger's clearly is, seldom comes together to form a flawless dine. When the different and, upon closer inspection, complex styles can be combined and mastered, the establishment deserves recognition.Ginger leaves nothing to chance in creating a swanky and welcoming atmosphere. The softer asian-inspired loop music is a good backdrop to the dim lighting and the monochromatic, yet luxurious decor. The leather couches have been upholstered with care and one is hard pressed to find any element of penny-pinching within one's surroundings, if there is one.The attention to detail and appearance doesn't stop at the table. A small liquor display behind the bar is a pick of top-shelf products: there's no concession to cheapness, and in Ginger's case this is welcome even by a cheapskate like me.Although the Agedashi tofu wasn't the best I had tasted, the remainder of the meal was a delight. The vegetable tempura was awesome and the batter was crisp: it is a very difficult feat to get all the elements balanced. The main courses justify their price in more ways than one. Firstly, one is guaranteed a filling meal by very generous portions. Secondly, Ginger's kitchen churns out beautiful compositions where the key ingredients are left to play out their part without being drowned out by the sauces ubiquitous in other fusion outlets. As an example, on the same plate the broccoli is cooked to perfection with the right mix of crunchiness and softness, and zucchini are in the butter zone where they're tender, their taste is enhanced and there's no mushiness in sight.Since karma is as karma does, Ginger gets in crowd what it gives in food and service. On a Friday dinner, the establishment is popular mostly with trendy girls' nights. A full restaurant counted eight male patrons in total, yours truly included. For a place that pays such attention to detail, it was a pleasure to see it filled with an apparently appropriately picky crowd.This reviewer will indulge his picky side too. The mixed drinks may need a change of outlook. The top shelf liquor selection is the ideal palette for creating mixological masterpieces. If the James Bond franchise succumbed to gender equality and Agentess 007 were dispatched to Montreal, she'd drink a litchi martini at Ginger and be unimpressed.The reason would be clear: the cocktail is a Martini in appearance only. It comes as a tasty, but weak concoction. Once the three whole litchi garnish hogs a large proportion of the martini glass, the addition of ice into the glass is a recipe for weakening both the proof (which I do not mind) and the taste (which I do). Ginger should not trade taste (and Martini orthodoxy) for apparent quantity. Its picky customers would, in this reviewer's opinion, appreciate being introduced to a true Litchi Martini displaying strong taste that endures, in a cocktail that needs to be savoured at length.I was pleased with my experience at Ginger. It's a spendy restaurant that is successful in attracting the crowd that can appreciate the creations of its very skillful kitchen. All things considered one gets even more than one pays for and it's a delight to know there's such a place in my neighbourhood. As I am in a good mood, I will let the drink slide and give Ginger five stars because they make a valiant effort and succeed in giving me Asian fusion fused just right.
5	I LOVE sushi/sashimi.  I won't tolerate anything less than perfection, after all it's raw...Anyways, I hadn't found a sushi place in Montreal that I was truly enamored with.  Some were okay, some were inedible, etc.  After complaining about how I haven't been able to get good sushi in Montreal, a friend suggested that I try Ginger.  Wow, it was very good/fresh.  I can eat a lot so I ordered the striped bass nigiri (2 pieces), spicy yellowtail maki (5 pieces), kamikaze maki (5 pieces), dragon maki (5 pieces), and the tropical salmon maki (5 pieces).  All of them were large (especially the dragon) and very fresh tasting.  I even tried some of the philly maki, which I never ever order cause I just can't fathom that cream cheese and soy sauce go well together, but it was excellent.  Someone ordered the fried ice cream for dessert.  I tried some of it and it was ok but as it was said earlier there was a lot of batter, but the nutella made up for that.The service was very friendly and the atmosphere was nice.  It had a feng shui feel to the layout.  Leather booths all around.  It was a little dim in the restaurant, but that was okay.Will be heading back for sure.
5	This place has never disappointed me! I absolutely love sushi, and so far this place hits the spot. There are only a few sushi restaurants in Montreal that I am completely in love with and faithful to; Ginger is one of them. On the days/nights that I'm not in the mood for anything loud and busy, I'll just order for take out.My absolute favourites on the menu: Spicy Lobster roll and Lobster saladThere were a few sushi rolls not included on the menu list that are worth ordering, inquire about them and give them a shot too! :)
3	Ginger is definitely one of the better sushi restaurants in Montreal. Many people are completely enamoured with this place  and sing its praises every chance they get. I like it, but it don't think its the best sushi restaurant I've ever been to. To begin, the place is fancy and ultra-modern in design; its not the typical faux-Asian design. It is Asian fusion modern which suits the place well considering it is a Japanese-fusion restaurant. The crowd is decidedly Montreal chic--yuppies, students, older Montrealers with some money to spend--and the prices reflect the audience. They offer fresh and MASSIVE rolls (usually 5 piece in a roll). This place is not cheap. Rolls are typically $12+ and entrees are not less than $20+ each. Miso soup, while large and chalked full of tofu, is $8. Ok ok doesn't sound THAT expensive but I'm used to cheaper rolls in Toronto/Vancouver and am always astounded by what Montreal restos charge for sushi, especially when you're only getting five pieces. I've lived here for five years and am still bothered by the price discrepancy. Having said that, the quality of the rolls are on the mark. They're probably about the size of 8 regular sized rolls, so fear not you hungry foodies! The alcohol is way over priced so be aware of that before ordering a round of drinks. I had the 'dynamite roll' which was pretty bad actually--clearly not a speciality of Ginger. But my friends (who are regulars) introduced me to some of the other rolls which were far superior in quality and taste. This is clearly a place where you can't order your 'regular order,' you have to go out on a limb and order one of the fancy, totally original, and totally un-authentic rolls. This is what I like to call 'white people sushi' but of high-grade and in a beautiful environs. Nothing wrong with that but be prepared for lots of mayo, cream cheese, cooked fish, etc. etc. Also the service needs work. Gurrrl, like a lot of work. I was brought my sushi and than had to wait 10 minutes for the rest of the rolls of my fellow diners to arrive. And then they proceeded to 'lose' my order for teriyaki. And than they had to wait for me to get my entree. I mean this is restaurant etiquette 101: serve all diners at once. And they were really unapologetic about the whole situation. I understand well-crafted food takes time but at least hold the orders until they're all ready and don't make me stare at my food longingly waiting for the others to be served. Be prepared to wait over an hour for your food--at least--on a friday. They usually have 1-2 servers working the room and the kitchen is clearly also understaffed. All in all a good alternative to the generally awful sushi restaurants in Montreal but the service is bad, and the food is overpriced. A nice night out nonetheless.
5	This place is special. Ginger is all things Hip. In a city of Hip, it manages to remain singular.The menu is limited. There are 10-15 rolls, and that's about it as far as fish goes. The ingredients like salmon, soft shell crabs, mango, and avocado aren't unique, but the execution is. Fresh fruit and fish are masterfully balanced to compose a menu that sees little repetition. Sweet, salt, sour, squish and crunch find a unique harmony. The space is small, but all the tables are at booths surrounded by soft off-white leather couches. The only downside to the soft and spacious setting is the lack of seating. If you want to eat before 11, get a reservation.
5	Wonderful restaurant. Waiters are attentive and kind. Yes, it is pricey but they provide you with a fun time and great food. I have been a few times, every time ive been it has been busy. The waiters are always ontop of their orders. Last time I went it was crazy busy so the service was slow, but the waitress kept appologizing for the delay. The owner is engaging with the patrons and makes you want to come back. Great restaurant for a special night out!
5	Great service. Fresh sushi and different variety. A bit pricey but all worth it for the atmosphere and great staff! One of my regular places I visit!
4	Yelp denominates Ginger as Canadian cuisine? Perhaps an oversight.It's an establishment static to the neighborhood. Understanding the current state of 'Le Plateau' sums up the intangibles. Trendy, hip, fashionable, yada yada yada... The intimate seating allows the room to belong. The raw menu is nothing progressive though very spruce (e.i. instead, paper thin filet of avocado atop the nigiri). Cool place.
