5	When you need the best gates, security doors, artistic iron decor or cool ideas, stop here!!! These guys are AWESOME!!! Good family business!!! They welcomed and helped us when we moved in to the neighborhood!
4	Who would think that a place that sells bits of iron is a great place to visit and shop?  If you are looking for wall art, fountains, chairs, lamp poles, architectural pieces, security gates, fences and the lot, this is the place to go.1.  Ambiance - Pretty funky place.  Larry and Debbie sell to all walk in people on Saturdays.  They both know their stuff.2.  Stuff - lots of items here for the home. Pretty much anything you need in iron. They can also hand make anything you need, as they have artisans and all that do special projects.3.  If you can't find it, let them customize it.4.  Many security gates and fencing require HOA approval now. After deposit, they will give you drawings so you can get it approved by your HOA.5.  Installation team - Very good, thorough and professional.GK likes them alot!  Check them out.
5	What a great group of people. We had an iron, pet gate put at the bottom of our stairs.  Overkill I know, but it is beautiful. Problem is, our darned dogs can squeeze through a little gab on the side of the gate to our newly carped upstairs. We called AIW, they can back out and took a look and decided to add another bar. They came back within a few days, welded in the bar, painted it to mach and it was free of charge. The gate and installation was a bit pricey but it's the best quality and seems they stand behind it for sure. Way to go guys!
5	Love the product! Extremely hard workers! Very impressed! They helped with everything including color scheme, Hoa requests, large door frames, etc. Show room is cool too!
5	Fast and friendly. I couldn't be more pleased with the outcome. Service was excellent from consultation to installation. My new gate is solid and beautiful compared to the old 30 year old one I had that was decent, but not practical or functional in today's world where security is priority. I highly recommend this company. Thanks Artistic Iron.
4	Yay! We are so excited to have our in-door dog gate, it's perfect in every way and exactly what we wanted. Here is our experience from start to finish:1. In-home consultation: Sales guy came on time, was friendly, patient as we tried to choose what we wanted, and paid careful attention to all of our needs. We were told it would take 2 weeks.2. A couple weeks later, we had a knock at the door...not expecting our other guests for another 30 minutes...it was Artistic Ironworks, with our gate..we were confused but the guys explained they put the gate on their truck that morning, and were told to deliver it to us that day. Needless to say, we had to reschedule them to come back on Monday around noon, and felt bad they wasted the gas.3. Delivery? Monday at noon came and went, and I know these guys are busy so I just called to get an updated time frame. I was told we were not on the schedule...this is when I started to get frustrated. I told the customer service person that I was upset about the scheduling problems and explained to her what happened the previous week; she completely ignored me, and simply asked when I would like to reschedule. I started to try to reason with her, but realizing this girl could not care less, I asked to just speak with the manager who apologized about everything and put me on the schedule. See how easy that was?4. Delivery! The guys showed up a lot later than I was scheduled for, but they called to let me know, so this isn't a problem in my book. They worked fast, and they did a great job. The workmanship is impressive, and the product is impressive. Thanks for an amazing gate Artistic Ironworks. I hope you will fix your customer service problem.
2	I went and purchased a gate for my dog and needed it quick to block off the pool from the puppy.  My salesman, Larry, said it normally takes a couple weeks but he could order it on a rush (called HOT order) if I paid $100.  He said I could have it in a week.  I purchase and paid in full on 4/22/13 and he wrote estimated delivery to be 4/29/14.  When 4/29/14 came and I didn't hear from anyone, I called in the afternoon.  The lady I spoke with said Larry doesn't determine delivery dates and she said it was in production.  She said they person that helps her schedule was gone for the day but that she would call me the following morning.  They open at 9:00 and I should hear from her by 10 or so.  At 11:30 I called when I didn't hear from anyone and a new person answered and said the lady I spoke to was off that day and she didn't have any messages about my gate.  So I gave her my information and she said she would call me between 3-4 which is when she makes all her calls.  So far, this is not a pleasant experience and the customer service to follow up is even worse.  I'm guessing that since I paid in full, I don't really matter.  So if you use them, don't pay it in full so they have a reason to try and accommodate you.
3	I was impressed with the actual product but not the customer service.  When I went in the salesman asked me my time frame and I explained I just moved into a house with a pool that I had a block wall installed and needed a gate quickly.  He said normal turn around is 2 weeks however I could pay an extra $100 for a "hot fee" to get it done in a week.  So I paid the full amount up front on 4/22 and he wrote delivery of 4/29.  When I called on 4/28 to see if they were coming the following day since I hadn't heard from anyone, the lady said she schedules and the salesman can't give delivery dates and my gate was not coming the next day.  She said she would look into it and call me the next day.  When I didn't hear back, I called and the lady I spoke to was off and didn't leave a message for anyone to follow up with me but that she would call me around 4:30 to let me know.  She said all calls regarding delivery are made at the end of the day only.  So when I didn't hear back, I called slightly before 5 and she said she was working on them and would call me back.  She did finally call back and said my delivery would be the following week on May 5.  So it took 2 weeks with the rush "hot fee".  Then I was scheduled for between 8-11.  Installer called around 10 or so and said it would be around 1:00. I explained I had taken the morning off work and needed to get back.  This ended up working out as the dogs were gone and I had paid in full so he just let himself in and installed the gate and I went back to work.  Product is great but frustrated over the lack of communication
1	Just called to see if I could get someone to take a look at our gate. The young girl answering the phone, without even asking my name or what was wrong with the gate told it me would cost $225... Asked her if maybe they might want to take look at the gate first, see how big it was etc. maybe let me get out two words explaining the issue but she said that's just what it costs for a repair period and was done with the very rushed curt conversation. Might want to work on that customer service Artistic.
3	We ordered about $6,000 in work from them.  Our salesmen was great and so were the installers.  Two different people came to measure twice.  We had to call to check on an install day as if they may have forgot.  However when they came to install, 3 of my 4 gates were measured wrong.  The installers did everything they could to fix it in the field which eventually they fit. This doesn't  leave us any room for play if the gates settle.  The 4th gate was taken back because it was so off.  They called their field supervisor and he didn't even respond to take a look.  All he said was "fix it". Well, it's hard to fix when the gaps are so big.  It should have been a two hour job that turned into a whole day.  My installers were completely apologetic.  It has been almost a week and still a supervisor hasn't reached out to give us an update.  Bottom line, the customer service is lacking.  The gates are beautiful but not so much as they are driving away on their truck.
5	We invested in two pool gates and a front courtyard gate.   We are so happy with the whole process.    What is especially nice is that this business really stands behind their work.    We had a small issue a year later and they came out and fixed it.....no questions asked!     I like a business that stands by their customers.    I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them.
1	THE WORST IRON COMPANY IN THE WEST.Customer service is not a word they know or have ever USED.  I had a 10k custom door made for my house when it was installed they tried to install the two glass panels only to find out they are over a inch each to big for the door.REALLY not one checked to see if the glass panel inserts matched the door during construction, EVEN WORST not one check to see if any of the parts fit each other till AFTER the door was installed, the door leaks air and water badly, the two doors do not close tight enough for a door knob  to catch and keep the door closed and I am working on 60 days after install and still nothing fixed.Called the state contractors board lets see if Artistic gives them the run around too.They spray painted over my powder coated door now it looks like crap and they got spray paint all over everything in my house too..I CAN'T TELL YOU TO STAY AWAY FROM USING THIS COMPANY FOR ANYTHING, 60 DAYS AND THEY STILL WILL NOT GIVE ME A DATE TO FIX THE DOOR???  REALLYThere were over 8 major mistakes made when manufacturing this door that for one any first grader would not have made and two any one in business should know enough that you check a product over before you put it on the truck to go out not after it's INSTALLED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!REALLY  DO NOT EVER, EVER, EVER USE THIS COMPANY
5	Highly recommended locally owned business. Ask for salesman Dallas 20+ years exp made the selection process fun & easy. Installed front & rear security doors, not the cheapest but best quality & styles. Small issue with scheduling but they more than made up for it when I had selected the wrong color screen on the front door. They came out the next day to pick up the door & brought it back the following day perfect!  No charge & they explained customer satisfaction was priority one.
5	I love love love my new iron gate that they customized for us! Their service is great and did an awesome job installing our gate! It's truly a work of art! I will highly recommend them!
5	This company is very good. They built a custom gate using artwork they had hanging on the wall (which looks amazing) and installed it without issue.
1	Buyer beware! I had Artistic Iron Works come out to my home to install a somewhat custom security gate for the front entry way of my house. The design and exact build was one they had previously done for another customer of theirs. I had picked it out from the photos taken of prior jobs they had completed. I had agreed to a 50 percent up front down payment in order for them to start the job. I was informed at apple want it would take about 2 weeks to build this security gate. And it that point they would contact me to set appointment to come out and install it. After 3 weeks of waiting and never hearing from artistic iron works, I called them to check on the progress and see what the status was. I was mad with a whole bunch of phone tag and run around, they told me they would have the service manager call me and talk to me, I never received any phone calls. So the following week I called back again , I was met with a very irritated phone hero shop manager. He instructed me that they were very busy at this time and they will get to it when they will get to it. I was instructed by him to just sit tight will take care of it. After waiting yet another week I called back, and let them know if my security gate was not installed this week I would like my deposit back because I'm taking my business elsewhere. He, once again got very belligerent and rude over the telephone, of course. And told me I could not have my money back and if I put a stop payment on my check he would put a lien on my home. After a course of 7 weeks waiting they finally came out and installed my security gate. There was never an apology never a discount for going way past their promised time  and after speaking to some of their other office staff, I was told this is a common practice with this manager. If you care about your hard earned money and your home? I strongly suggest you research all your other options before using this company. Buyer beware!
5	We were looking for a new security door for our home. We looked at a top of the line Titan brand at Lowe's. It was all thin computer cut designs and just looked cheap. The price was $1650 plus $250 for installation. We went to Artistic and met Larry rite before closing. He was super nice and showed us around the showroom and even the back where the magic happens :) He answered all of our questions and w/I 15 mins we had chosen our new door, color and were on our way home. Larry worked w/ my wife who also wanted our initial on the door and they got all of that "hammered" out too. It took about 1 month from start to finish and cost us the same as a lesser quality one at the big box store would have cost! Best of all it was all hand built and designed by a local person in a local business! We were very pleased w/ the finished product and the installers were very professional and made sure everything was perfect before leaving! Would definitely call Larry if u are in the market for anything iron!!
