3	It's been awhile my fellow yelpers! Luckily, I can blame my adorable adopted giant baby of a great dane....who keeps me at the dog park instead of the latest happy hour. Anywho..... Based on location and a recommendation, I brought my 150 lb great dane, whose name is withheld to protect his innocence, here for a nail trim and all was well. Staff were friendly, the price was right (with a coupon), and we were in and out quickly. Several months later my boy is hacking up phlegm like a 70 year old smoker. And this momma was worried! Luckily, Ocotillo Animal Clinic got him in a few hours after my call. Other than the hacking, he had several other symptoms including sleepiness, lack of appetite, and diarrhea. The vet came in for an exam and suggests an anti diarrhea prescription along with a bland diet, without addressing the hacking up phlegm that was my biggest concern. Now, I hated to do this, but I had to ask why she didn't want to treat the hacking. She tells me that yes, we could do that, if I wanted to. Of course I want to - this is my baby! I take another antibiotic for a respiratory infection and $120.00 later I'm on my way. The next day he's had 2 doses of the antibiotic and is doing so much better with much less hacking. The anti diarrhea medicine sits in the drawer unused, and I'm so thankful I spoke up.
1	That adorable great dane of mine came down with an upper respiratory infection AGAIN and it got so bad we wanted to take him here to get the antibiotic that worked last time.  Yes, we did call at 4:30pm and were told there was nothing available (unsympathetically, might I add) and given a number for the emergency vet they recommended.  That recommended emergency vet wanted $110 for an office visit after 5pm.  I don't think so!  Yikes!  We were able to get into a different vet a half hour later for a $70 office visit after hours, and were treated sympathetically.  On a side note, this "Pet Resort" backs up to an open field and the canal, and on many early morning runs I've heard lots of unhealthy barking.....making me wonder what goes on there before staff show up for the day.  We will not be returning.
5	Very friendly staff and nicely kept facility!
5	So sorry that there are bad reviews on Ocotillo animal clinic. This is a top notch vet office with the most friendly staff you will ever meet.  I have taken all my animals here for eight years.  I have always been made to feel like my pet is their most important client. They even came to my house to put my dog to sleep.  And the care and concern was above and beyond.  I can not say enough good things about this vet office.  I would never go anywhere else.
4	I've been going to Ocotillo Animal Clinic since moving to the south Chandler area in 2003. At the time, I had a cat left over from a divorce many years before (long story, but suffice it to say I'm not a "cat person";), and she received excellent care for routine  medical issues, up to the time it was time to say "goodbye" and have her put to sleep at the ripe old age of 18.In late 2003, I adopted a Queensland Heeler/German Shepherd mix who was quite a handful at first.  My first trip upon bringing Bridget home was to this clinic for spaying, full vaccinations, and a microchip implant.  The family from whom I'd adopted her had neglected routine veterinary care, and at eight months, the dog was overdue.  From the start, the staff and veterinarians at Ocotillo were professional, courteous, and friendly.  I wouldn't take her anywhere else, even though I have since married and moved to Tempe.  Bridget suffered from valley fever for a couple of years, and the vets made sure that her medications were affordable and that no unnecessary tests were performed throughout the long process of getting the condition under control.These days, along with routine care Bridget gets her nails trimmed as well as an occasional grooming at the clinic;  I've also boarded her there a couple of times with no problems. A special shout out to Rosemary and Carol, two "old-timers" who have been with Ocotillo since their days at the Alma School location--wonderful ladies!  This is an excellent practice and I heartily recommend it to those who live in the area.  Bridget is no picnic when it comes to getting her nails done, and the groomers and techs do a great job with 65 pounds of scared dog!   Continued success to all of you!
1	not happy at all with the care my pet received recently. i've been taking our dog there for the last three years which was OK b/c we only went once/year for boosters and yearly exams. but when our dog had an issue recently, they were eager to "put him out" to examine him, take x-rays and perform a needle biopsy only to be told the results were inconclusive and we'd have to see a specialist, which they could recommend.we ended up taking our dog to trusted vet in CA who basically told us we wasted $350 with the testing they did (or lack thereof). i'm sick especially b/c this is a financial hardship to us since my husband has been unemployed for the last year and a half. needless to say, our dog is having surgery as we speak by our trusted vet in CA to remove the "mass" that he was able to determine was not suspicious based on the blood they took prior to the surgery.why didn't the doc at ocotillo animal clinic take a blood test while our dog was "under?"bottom line, we won't be going back to ocotillo animal clinic...we've seen a different doc each time in part b/c we were never impressed with any.
5	Our 12 year old golden retriever Reba had to be put to sleep on Christmas Eve.  Reba had multiple seizures the night before and we were really worried that we wouldn't be able to find a Vet that could help us on Christmas Eve.  Our regular vet was closed.  I called Ocotillo Animal Clinic and they were totally booked for the day but they would work us in.  From the moment we arrived we were treated so nice.  They worked us in and were able to stop Reba's suffering.  They also sent us home with a clay "paw" imprint with Reba's name on it.  If that wasn't enough today in the mail we got a condolence card from Ocotillo personalized from Dr. Piper.  That brought some emotion to me and my family.The staff at Ocotillo Animal clinic go above and beyond.  I will be a client for life.
3	Years ago when this location was still on Alma School/Queen Creek it was a top notch animal clinic.  Very personable and you would see the same vet on a consistent basis.  Since they have moved and expanded you never have the same vet.  It is frustrating, especially if you have an ongoing situation.  I think this clinic if fine for routine services, however, if you have a dog with serious issues the lack of having a consistent vet can be harmful.   They are great on giving estimates  on procedures and recommending specialists. It it too bad they expanded as they used to be a personable, get to know your pet kind of place.  Now it is a vet hit or miss.  We have used the boarding services and they were fine.  The best thing about this clinic is the office staff.  They are wonderful and very helpful.
4	My pet had an anal gland infection which occurred on Sunday. I called the clinic first thing in the morning as a new patient and they set me an appointment for 11am the same day. The staff, doctors and nurses were all very polite and very helpful in making me understand what the issue was. I didn't have to wait at all and I was promptly put in a room with my dog to fill out paper work right after I got in. My dog was treated within minutes, and the doctor gave me a few tips for further prevention. I would have given the place 5 stars, the only thing was that they gave me a pill cutter with the prescribed medicines and said it was free but when I came home and saw the invoice , they had charged me for it. I usually look at bills right when I get it, but with my dog in one arm and paper work in the other I did no bother to check at the clinic. Oh well, all in all, I would definitely recommend this clinic.
5	I CAN NOT say enough nice things about Dr. Lister and the staff at Ocotillo Animal Clinic. The front office staff was very polite and friendly. They got us checked in promptly and helped us with any questions I had. Rosemarie, Judy and the other lady's at the front desk have been so helpful. The moment they saw my puppy and I come in they would call to the back and have Lori or Brittanie come up and get my pup.On our first visit we had Dr. Beck and Lori that helped us out. We found out that our new puppy had parvo. I cannot say enough nice things about Lori and how she helped us get all of the info we needed, she gave us the time we needed in the room to make a plan. Lori was realistic and let us know the odds of our little guy making it. I really like that she gave us the facts. I would rather know the worst case and hope for the best, than get my hopes up and have the worst situation possible happen. She is the best vet tech ever.Because of the puppy having parvo we were up there every day dropping him off. Lori and Brittanie took care of him majority of the time and Dr. Lister was the one to give me report on him 4 out of the 6 days he was there. My husband and I were always asked if we had any questions, if we had any concerns and what we thought about the treatment plan as we took him home for the night. I love that the line of communication was open and always there making me feel comfortable about whose hands he was in.  I would recommend Dr. Lister and the clinic to everyone I know. I am SO pleased with how everything went. I appreciate the love I received and I was actually sad to take my pup home because of the staff getting so attached to him. I thank everyone there for being so passionate about what you do and your love for animals. Without you (specifically Lori, Brittanie and Dr. Lister) I don't think little Loki would have made it. Thank you for everything you do.
2	I don't typically go out of my way to write negative reviews but I though people should be aware before taking their pets to Ocotillo Animal Pet Resort. Since I moved to Chandler from Scottsdale about 10 months ago I've been taking my dog there for Vet care as well as pet boarding. The first experiences I've had were actually good until now. I had to board my dog for two weeks ($148) and then 2 days later had to board him again for Spring Break vacation ($170). For the first trip I picked my dog up and everything seemed to be fine although they charged me triple for trimming my dogs nails because they said he was difficult which I understood and was OK with. The second time I picked him up was a totally different story. The staff brought my dog out without his harness or leash on and just on one of their leads. I put his harness and collar on and took him to our car. My daughter was with me and we got in the car with our dog the smell of urine was overwhelming! I went back to look at him (btw my dog is pall white)  and my dog was literally covered in Urine from head to toe! I went back inside to discuss the situation with the staff and they simply said "well it must have just happened" and really didn't seem to care. They offered for me to bring him back in and give him a bath but since we were gone for 5 days and I thought it would be to traumatic for me to take him out of the car and back in I just decided to take him home. When I got him home I looked him over and realized that this didn't "just happen" as they stated. His fur was actually stained with Urine (again from head to toe) and it was obvious that it had been there for a while. It took me 3 shampoos to get the urine off of him yet his fur was still stained yellow. I called and asked to speak to the manager of the boarding department. After a while she (Heather) called me back. I explained the situation to her an my concern. As it turns out she was there when I picked him up and was one of the staff that seemed unsympathetic when I complained. She said that his second of third day there they had to give him a bath because he actually had pooped on himself in the kennel. This is where I even got more concerned. I've had my dog for 4 years and not once has he ever peed or pooped indoors! It was obvious to me that they had not taken him out enough (if at all by the looks of him)  for walks and trips to go relieve himself and they rely on the Kennel for them to go to the bathroom etc... When I expressed all my concerns to Heather again I was met with a defensive and really oblivious demeanor. She simply said " well we really like Boomer and hop he comes back" and I explained that wasn't going to happen! No offer of discounting his stay or offer of future services etc... NOTHING! I would be very careful about taking your dogs there for boarding!
5	I really enjoy going to this vet clinic.  They are always fast and on schedule and the team of people that work there are friendly....that's a big deal for me especially when I am with my pups!  The prices are pretty average on what you would expect from a vet.  I just found out that they clip nails for $12...that is pretty awesome, I have a hard time doing this on one of my labs so a quick in and out for $12 is worth it to me.  The facilities are always clean so you get the feeling that its been wiped down before and after you arrive...no doggy germs for me thank you!
5	This clinic is top notch. Everything you need they have. Boarding, grooming and vet care. My dogs have been there for everything and I am more then pleased. Best customer service and clean place. My dogs are staying in a clean, healthy environment. I've read on parasite control and I see why they screen all dogs entering. To keep our dogs healthy and prevent the spread of common parasites and I love that. Some of these reviews are untrue. They are not near a canal you must be thinking of the other kennel place that's all out doors down the way from Ocotillo. Besides I know when dogs see other dogs they bark they are dogs duh! Keep up the amazing work Ocotillo I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	I brought my Weimaraner here for veterinary visits, day boarding, and overnight boarding for the past 1.5 years until I relocated out of the area. Otto is a bit of a legend here, some may say high maintenance, but what Weim isn't?I trust everyone at Ocotillo with my fur-son. Everyone is incredibly professional, welcoming, and will make sure your pet is cared for to the highest degree. The facility is exceptionally clean, and having used all services they offer, I definitely recommend Ocotillo as your one-stop shop for all things for your pet.
1	Took my bulldog there. Poor diagnosis. Wasted money in tests. Waste time. Poor X-ray equipment.
5	We have brought our sweet cat Milo here on a number of occasions. Being frequent travelers, we are confident every time we leave Milo at Ocotillo Animal Clinic and Pet Resort that he will receive the best of care. Being diabetic and kind of a nervous kitty, we were extremely choosy as to where to board him, and this resort and clinic is FANTASTIC. They went above and beyond to make sure Milowas comfortable, and gave us updates even if we were out of range just to reassure us he was doing great. You can tell that the staff is not only knowledgeable, but will make you and your dear pet feel right at home. It has become a second home for us, and we encourage anyone to bring your pet here. A million thumbs up!!
1	Sick of this place. We kennel our two small dogs here once in a while (over $800 for 10 days), the staff is horrendous. The desk staff is snotty and has never once looked up from their computer to greet me and act incredibly annoyed and inconvenienced that I simply walked in the door. Every. Time. I'm lucky to get a snotty "I'll be with you in a minute". I have an appointment every time so it's not like we weren't expected. The vet who has seen or dogs has the same attitude. Wish I could give less than 1 star
5	We love the Ocotillo family. Whether it's grooming, boarding, or just a check-up we've always received great service. We never have to worry about our special needs dog when we leave him there for boarding or grooming.
5	We have taken our puppy to Ocotillo for everything.  He's been seen there since he was 15 weeks old and ADORES the entire staff ( he's now a year and a half).  He gets puppy excitement whines the minute we pull into the entrance.  He is day boarded and we've utilized just about every service that they have.  The staff is friendly and it always helps to learn their names. The boarding crew is amazing.  Even during peak boarding at max capacity or weekends they take the time to make sure they get the attention they need.  They'll even bathe the dogs if requested (for a fee) so you don't have to after a trip!  It is important to remember they are a medical staff and getting your (and others) pet healthy and safe is always a priority.  No vets are cheap, if they are you probably should be skeptical.  That's why companies sell pet insurance.  The care for your animal like it's your family member.  Knowing that they are getting the best care is worth it.As to previous complaints about the front staff.  You do need to remember you are walking into an office where they schedule, accept payments, deal with emergencies, hear the unfortunate news, and get yelled at for vets being late (rarely btw - but it happens, if you per needed emergency  assistance you'd want to be taken first and not be rushed in a time limit).  They aren't just receptionists.  That's their office.
5	I moved to the chandler area in December 2013 so thankfully I haven't had to make too many trips to the vet with my two dogs, but the couple times I did have to go this place was wonderful!  I called around when I initially had to set up an appointment for my one dog and of all the places I called this one had the best pricing!  I am pretty picky about where I take my pets for veterinary care since I have over 7 years of experience working at a veterinary clinic on the east coast but I had no doubts at all when taking my pets here!  The staff was friendly the doctors and technicians extremely informative and thorough!  If I could give more stars I would!
