3	Pretty good sports bar.  None of the TVs are particularly huge but the place is very open feeling and there are TVs everywhere.  Pretty good selection of beers and the service is prompt and efficient.  One round of beers we received were frozen, so we got to keep them as they thawed out and the waitress brought us out some new ones without us even asking.  A great spot to catch any game you might be looking to watch.
2	good selection of beer.  pretty good wings BUT there hottest sauce is less spicy than ketchup.  if i were going to watch a game i might go back BUT...the service SUCKED!!! i can't count how many times we waited for beer.  i should add that there were 2 customers in this place.  me and a buddy on a Friday afternoon.  we went across the street (can't recall the name) and never waited for a beer.i will agree with FATMAN that the waitresses were pretty hot
4	I love this place for the sole reason that it is Pittsburgh's "Ohio State Buckeyes" bar!  I discovered this by googling "Ohio State bar in Pittsburgh" and there was Mullen's.  I'd never been before, but decided to give it a go for the Ohio State vs. USC game this past Saturday.  The bar itself is really nothing terribly special.  It's definitely a sports bar; with televisions in every direction in a large open space.  Apparently there are even televisions in the men's restroom (however, none in the women's restroom!)  We were there mostly to drink and celebrate a Buckeye victory (well, they came close at least...).  We did have some nachos which were not that great.  But that really didn't matter because they delivered on providing a great Buckeye atmosphere!  Almost every patron there that night was donning red, white and grey.  "Hang On Sloopy" blared from the speakers at all the right moments; answered with the "O-H"  "I-O" call from the entire bar!  I'll definitely be back for OSU football and beer!
3	Good place to hang after a Pirates game. Instantly fills up so be prepared to wait or leave the game early to get there.  The waitresses were flying around to take care of everyone, so props for that.
1	We came here before a Pirates game. We found a seat for ourselves, but never got served. We watched the tables on all three sides be seated and served. A waitress for "another table" asked us what we wanted and told us she would tell our server who "would be right by." Twenty minutes later we got up and left when we still had no one attend to us. Is it because we weren't wearing pirates gear? Bullshit.
1	You almost feel as if they give up trying to serve good food and just concentrate on the beer.  But it's not as if it's a beer haven....just the norm....Yuengling, Miller Lite, Bud Lite, Coors, IC Light....all the Burgh staples.  We (as in the boys I was with) ordered nacho's and moz sticks.  As soon as the nacho's game out I knew they would be gross.  The cheese looked like velveeta and the chicken looked scary.  The moz sticks were soggy and definitely nuked.  Yuck!  Just stay away....you've been warned!  This place is simply just a place to grab a beer before or after a game.  End of story.  Ok, wait...I'm not done.  $4 for a Yuengling or Miller Lite??  No specials, no before/after game dealz?  Not cool Mullens...not cool at all.
2	When I was young, my friends grandpa had a basement bar where we would occasionally watch sporting events.  He had two morbidly obese cats.  Those cats were incontinent.I bring this up because this bar looks like it was slapped together with slightly less aplomb than this childhood memory of drunk old dudes, and the smell of cat pee.Mullen's doesn't really bring anything new to the table.  Literally.  I feel like my lobster roll had been sitting there for days.  My wife ordered a pizza, and I just don't feel like commenting on it, other than to say it was wet.The bartender was a nice guy, but there really isn't anything crazy that he needs to make and the beer selection is sparse.  This actually reminds me of some of the terrible college bars that I went to in Oakland.  Oh, and the lights are really bright for some reason.  And nobody wants to see my ruddy face three beers in.The overall sense is that very little effort has gone into this place, and in a street filled with bars, that seems like a pretty epic mistake.
4	Chicago tradition spilling into Pittsburgh. Gotta give them points for that!
3	Mullen's is where I go for game day beer specials. Also when they play the OSU game. WIN. It's not a place I would plan date night, rather a place I would spend a happy hour. Especially when they do their $1 Guinness days!!! Any place that has that special is worth a happy hour here and there. I'll be back, Mullen's.
2	Typical, local, cheap, dive bar with tvs.  Uninspired layout.  Average service.  Not a place I would want to hang out much.
3	Mullen's is definitely a great spot to hit up before going to PNC Park.  The outdoor seating provides you with a nice view of the park, while you're enjoying some cold ones.  The service isn't spectacular, but the location more than makes up for it.One more note, there's an attendant in the ladies room, why I don't know, but you may want to make sure you've got a buck for the nice lady.
4	I enjoyed this place... It has the standard sports bar fare, but it was around 95 degrees in Pittsburgh when I popped in for lunch, so I'm grading on a bit of a curve as that's not the best food on such a hot day.I was doing some work across the street at PNC, and didn't feel like rolling back downtown, so this seemed convenient. Seemed clean inside, with good space. It's probably great during a game or right before it.I did enjoy the sauce choices for wings. A ton of flavors, and a couple I hadn't seen yet. The wings were decent size, and meaty. I like sauce all over the wing, not dried on. I want to use wet naps when I'm done, and I had to here. I ordered the General Tso's wings and Parmesan Garlic. LOVED the parmesan garlic. General Tso's were okay.Also loving this Pittsburgh thing of serving tater tots with every meal. Had a small side of those, and they were so awesomely crispy. Something about tater tots just take me back to being 10 years old.I want to come in here when it's busy sometimes to get the true feel, but they key is - I want to go back.
3	Mullen's is your standard sports bar. Filled with people after Pirates' games but you can still find a seat. The service has been friendly and memorable for me - one of the bartenders comped a beer cause I was waiting long to pay. Plus for the ladies there is an attendant in the bathroom who provides simple fresheners!
3	Keep the beer coming!I took a que from my fellow yelpers and stayed away from the food.   I sat outside next to the gent who checked ID's before a Pittsburgh Pirates game.    We had fun people watching and drinking some cold delicious brew.I rated medium because of the following reasons:1. It was very hot and the beer was very cold2. I learned from previous yelpers - I ordered my beer 2 at a time therefore I always had supply3.  I had an opportunity to giggle at my friends who ordered food and was disappointed (I swear I tried to be a good wingman and read some of the reviews)4.  A place next door smoke detectors went off sending 4 fire trucks to our locations Here is my summary:Food:  I did not try but my friends did not like it - the beer was good :-)Price:  Well - it is not the cheapest (I don't have a range but I think the food is around $10 and beers are $4)Ambience - Outside pre-gaming - very good if you like to people watch.I will probably be back unless I can find a better spot.
2	Beer was reasonably priced.  The food was grade school cafeteria quality.  The service was utterly terrible.  If you can put up with the awful service, this isn't a bad place to hang out and have a drink or two before a Pirates game; just don't expect to be waited on in a timely manner.  But if you're looking for cheap, this is it.
1	Got back in town yesterday just in time for the Steelers afternoon game to start. The North Shore location is 2 blocks from my office, and I had been here only once before, and had friendly service and a good sandwich one a weeknight there. So I was interested in trying it out for a game. However, we were disappointed.  Inexplicably the place was closed.  Closed on Steelers Sunday!  They even had a flyer advertising the drink specials that you couldn't take advantage of because they were closed for game day! Now, I don't know what sort of brainiac business management theory they are working off out there, but if you have booze and Steelers you have 2 out of the 1 thing you need to make money in Pittsburgh on a Sunday. Unbelievable. The search for an adult place to watch steelers games continues....
3	Very local.  Nice.
5	Bartender Steve is super friendly & the fish tacos are awesome!
1	The service here is god awful especially on game day.  There is literally one waitress for now hundred of us.  The food is good but not worth 1 beer an hour and late for the game.
2	Food is just ok. I'm not asking for culinary genius but something that isn't dry and hard to eat. However iron city was half off so all was not lost. Waiters would take food around to every table asking who it belonged to. This happened all night long.
1	I had a great time at Mullen's. I partied, danced, had some drinks, hung out with old friends, met new friends, and generally enjoyed myself for a few hours before heading out. Despite all of this, I can't get over how awful of an establishment this place is. As much fun as I had, I credit this to the party organizers (some outside group) and my friends.Aside from the drinks being weak, I was forgotten about, given the wrong drinks, overcharged, and apologized to every time I went up to the bar to get a round. Bud Light, whiskey-coke, vodka-tonic turned into Miller Lite, rum-coke, you wanted what else? This eventually turned into a free round after the bartender set the drinks to the side and walked away (?), leading to another bartender/sad puppy approaching me.There was a DJ, and the songs he played were alright, but he played them through a Mac hooked up to a the speaker system, and wasn't much for transitions. Top-40 bangers spastically lost tempo and glitched into uncomfortably sped mp3s of The Monster Mash; The Cupid Shuffle cut off early to allow for some unheard-of request right as everyone got on the dance floor. They have a big and awesome looking disco ball that wasn't utilized and a second bar area that had all of the lights turned off.It seemed like no one in charge really cared about the place. So it's hard to care about the place.
2	The main saving grace of this establishment seems to be its prime location next to PNC Park.  If not for that, there is no way it could still be in business.  As others have noted, the food is sub-par and the beer selection is very limited.  If you drink nothing other than Bud Lite, Coors Lite or Miller Lite, this place is for you.I've tried a couple different things off the menu, and have never really been happy with any of my choices.  Bar food that tends towards bad... their "famous" tater tots taste like they were in the freezer in a bag that said "Ore Ida" until about 10 seconds before they went in the fryer.It is nice and big and good for large groups, but this place could be so much more...
3	Good music, good service and good food. The meal I had was the specialty mullen chicken wrap. The cricken was very flavourful and not dry, but the french fries that came with the wrap were a little cold and chewy. All in all the food was adequate and it was very well priced.P.S Thursdays between 5pm and 7pm all signature wraps are $5.
3	This bar is so close to PNC Park and the beers are much cheaper! We were drinking $3 & $4 beers with some apps here rather than the $8-10 beers in the stadium! We were able to get a table right away and the service was great, even right before the game.My only problem was that every waittress was walking around either in skin-tight, just about see-through spandex or shorts that were SO short, you could see their butts. Not what I want to see around my food, but maybe that's just me.
4	I'm kind of surprised at all of the lackluster reviews on here.  Maybe coming from Wheeling, my bar standards are low or something, but I had a great time here before the game last night.  The beers were cold and cheap, the pierogies were hot and crispy, and I had some of the best nachos I've had in a looong time.  The waitresses weren't wearing burqas or anything, but I definitely wasn't offended by their outfits.  I would definitely go back before the next home game.
2	I came here the night of the bridge party when the Rubber Duck was in town.  Given the mass of humanity in the vicinity, my dining partner and I were looking for somewhere--anywhere--to grab a bite, so we weren't being picky.  Like most other places on Federal St., this place was jam packed, but we were lucky enough to come in just when a table was opening up, so down we sat.  We both ordered the chicken wrap, which, according to the menu, is their most popular item in Chicago.  I remember being quite disappointed with it, since it was the most flavorless wrap I'd had in awhile, and it was soggy from the vegetables.  I don't think I was able to finish it, and unless something is awful, I usually either finish it or take the remainder home.   I believe the wrap came with fries, but I remember nothing about them, so they must have been nondescript.  Aside from the food, what really annoyed me about this place was the volume.  They had TVs around with a Pirates game on, and between people who came to watch the game and bridge party goers, the place was so loud it was difficult to hear my dining partner across the table.  Overall, a disappointing experience.  Although none of the bars in this area are standouts, you can do better than this.
3	While on a geocaching spree with my bestie, I started to get hunger pangs on a hot summer day and thought I was going to pass out so we stopped in Mullens for some sustenance. The place was nearly empty except for a couple seated at a table and the employees. We decided to sit at the bar and each selected a seasonal brew from their limited, yet delicious draft offerings.As a vegetarian, I had very few selections to choose from. I was limited to pizza, salad and appetizers. I opted for a cheese quesadilla and nachos. The 'dilla consisted of cheese with a teaspoon each of guacamole and sour cream. The nacho platter was ginormous and piled high, enough for 3 people.Mr. Sloppy ordered a burger with tots which he thought was delicious. The food came out fast and our bartender/waiter was friendly and attentive.I could imagine this place busy before or after a Buccos game because of Mullen's convenient location, right across the street from Heinz Field. truth be told, I would rather tailgate and order nachos from the stadium... Who can resist that? With Mullen's jacked up prices, you might as well enjoy the whole ballgame experience
4	Came here at an odd time which was kind of amazing.  We had no wait, which meant quick service, which led to a very satisfied and happy customer.Mullen's sits in a very nice and convienent spot that benefits from game day traffic.  Caddy corner from PNC Park they are sure to get ample customers during home games for the Pirates and I'm sure they get some for Steeler games as well.  Good thing since this is mostly a sports bar.  When you walk in, it looks massive.  Huge wide open floor plan only made bigger by adding a second floor area for more seating that overlooks the main floor.Ample bar seating for a big crowd in here.  We opted for the seats at the bar right next to the door.  Greeted right away, ordered our drinks and looked over the menu.  The food is basic sports bar fare (you can read that as 'can be eaten with your hands').  I opted for their signature burger which is called 'The Moon Burger.'  Now wait a minute, it's nothing special, at least not to me.  And it is definitely not something you would call signature.  See, it's really just a bacon cheddar burger.  Not sure what exactly is signature about it?  But I will say it did taste great, but I am also going to assume that the same burger patty is used on all other burgers made here (which you can make your own combination).  The patty itself was big, filled, if not overfilled the bun.  The cheese covered the whole patty and the bacon (what can I say about bacon that hasn't already been said?).  Typical toppings, condiments on the side.  Comes with fries, but the thing I love about this place is you can change the ordinary fries out for sweet potato fries or tater tots with no additional fee, bonus!My friend got a basic cheese quesadilla and an order of their nachos.  I think it is safe to say that she could have just stuck with the nachos.  They are on the appetizers menu but could have easily been a meal for one person.Beer selection is pretty good.  They have their fair share of IPAs and regular drafts.*I guess the lesson you learn while reading these reviews is that it all depends on the time you show up here.*
3	Nothing spectacular here; good burgers and apps, and beer. The place is huge; two full bars, and a wide open floor. This place must pack them in pre and post game. Nothing wrong with that either.
1	We were headed to a Pirates game and looking for somewhere new to eat when we found Mullen's. It sits extremely close to PNC, and all of the reviews stated the food was good but service was "meh". We decided that since a lot of times people use reviews to complain and not praise that we'd give it a shot anyway, we're not a difficult group to please and we really like bar food.Our experience was horrible. The waitress wasn't helpful at all when we were trying to join two tables so our group of six could sit together, and no the place wasn't that busy. The waitress took our drink orders after we managed to join two tables together and brought our drinks back fairly quickly, and returned a few minutes later to take our food orders. After a decent amount of time two different waitresses brought out our food, but got an order wrong so had to fix it. It took about 15 minutes for the order to be fixed, and again a different waitress brought it out. Our original waitress did come back once and fill two of our drinks and then seemed to disappear. We finished eating at 4:30, and made it noticeable that we were done. I did see our waitress a few times, but she blatantly ignored our table and stayed mainly in the bar area. At 5:00 I flagged down a waiter and asked for our checks since our waitress hadn't been seen, he removed some of our plates and said he'd find her. We finally got our checks at 5:20, almost an hour after we had finished eating. We waited for a few minutes for her to come back and take our money but when she didn't return we left cash on the table and left. None of us liked doing that and we are all appreciative of good service and tip well, but this was the worst service at a bar I had ever had. The food was good, I had a chicken gyro and fries, others had the wings, nachos, or burgers, and we all enjoyed our meals even though they were a bit pricy. I think I'd almost rather have a lackluster meal with good service than an enjoyable meal with bad service. The atmosphere was good, the music was a bit loud but I am not a big fan of loud music while eating so that could just be me being picky. I won't be returning to Mullen's unless I see it on an episode of Restaurant Stakeout first.
5	Ate there Saturday Sept 27th staying across the street in spring hill suites we wanted something to eat and the buffalo pierogies were awesome , wife had pull pork sandwich which she liked and I had sloppy joe sandwich and was very good. We both had loaded tots was amazing .... Glad we stopped in to eat during our visit
2	Were there a few weeks ago on a Saturday night.  Most of the employees were standing in or around the kitchen.  A few eating in the kitchen area and sitting at the kitchen counter eating.  One licked her fingers and then got up to serve a customer drinks from the bar.  I'm guessing the manager wasn't there that night.  Not sure why they have a person standing at the restroom door who follows you into the bathroom to hand you a paper towel or whatever.  Doesn't seem to fit with a sports bar and I don't like it anywhere anyway.  Decent beer selection.  Food is just ok.
