5	These brothers own the ONLY mobile flatbread pizza truck in Phoenix. They do pizza right boasting local ingredients and creative menus to tempt the tastebuds of everyone around. Think local pork belly bacon from The Meat Shop, Saffron JAK house turkey sausage, local cheese and uncured pepperoni from California-based company Zoe's Meats. Some of my favorite menu items are the Mexican squash, black bean, potato, feta and cheddar cheese with tapatio and the Basil, mozzrella and beef steak tomato. Then of course there is the jalapeno, bacon, pineapple chutney or perhaps the pear, gorgonzola, prosciutto, apricot jam and mozzarella.... Are you getting the picture, there are too many great options to love just one. You can find these guys slinging their deliciousness all over Phoenix, in the morning at  3rd ave and Osborn and some evenings at Kobalt Bar at Park Central Mall. If your mouth isn't watering wait until you get 20 feet from their truck.. The smells alone will get you running. I can't wait to see what these guys come up with next.
5	Awesome pizzas. Get the Jumbojack or the BBQ chicken. You can taste the fresh ingredients.
5	Every time I get pizza from Saffron Jak I tell myself I won't eat the whole thing, that I'm going to just eat a few pieces and save the rest for another time but I have yet to be able to accomplish that goal... I have so far tried the Pepperoni, BBQ Chicken and the Buffalo Chicken pizzas and all of them have been delicious.  You can definitely tell the quality of ingredients is excellent and that they work hard to come up with new and interesting flavor combinations.  They also change up their specialty menu frequently so they could have a new offering each time you go.  I myself will definitely be returning to try and sample all of the amazing options they have!
5	Awesome flat bread pizza. I don't know what they make the crust out of but it's delicious. My favorite is The Super Greeky. To be honest, I haven't tried the others yet because it's so good. Don't pass this food truck by if you see it.
5	I just had the most amazing maple bacon and chicken on flatbread pizza, and also the hatch green chile and loaded potato pizza.  The ingredients were so fresh and the favors were doing a happy dance in my mouth!  I can't wait until my next visit to this truck.
5	This on of the best food trucks I have been too! I like it because it is unique. It not your come get a slice. They actually put time into configuring awesome ingredients and flavors. Also, Phoenix is huge but they travel to all different location. Honestly though it is not just the food, it's the service. They are all very friendly and always very appreciative  of all their customers. Anyways, I high suggest them.
5	Saffron JAK rocks my world!  Their unique pizzas are to die for. I love the creativity of their menus and freshness of their ingredients. Their one of a kind Persian sourdough flatbread is so delicious. I never feel guilty scarfing down an entire pizza!! In addition to the amazing food, the brothers who own it are such gems. Super friendly, accommodating and passionate about their food. Keep your eye out for their yellow food truck.....once you try it you will be hooked!
5	I've had Saffron JAK approximately 8 times in the last 2 weeks. No joke. The buffalo chicken, the hatch green chili and potato, the throw down, bread pudding...I swear, my body runs on this place!
5	Pizza just doesn't feel like the right word to describe the thin and crispy deliciousity of these flatbreads.  The focus here isn't on some big hunk of bread -- rather, it's on the creative combination and liberal application of their toppings.  The prices are perfect for what we're getting.  And the owners are super cool guys.My fave so far is the Super Greeky -- a little spicy, a little salty ,and just a tad bit of sweet.  Score!
5	Killer Flat Bread Pizza. What else matters?
5	This place is awesome. Had to opportunity to meet them at the Berridge Nursery "Art int he Garden". The guys are so fun and nice and passionate about their food - its really exciting when they are excited about their ingredients. I even got to try a piece of their fried cheese while I was just standing around. All of the pizzas are creative, original and fun. I wish I tried the eggs benny pizza but we had the one with the ham and strawberry pepper jam (can't remember the exact names). I cannot wait to come across this truck on another day and try everything. It would be a blast to get a bunch of people together and share everything so I can try everything at once...any takers? Either way I am excited for this truck to be around for a while and hope to see other creations coming out of their kitchen. Do they cater -how awesome would that be!
5	I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas! They were honestly the best pizza's I've ever had!! Highly recommend the baked potato you won't be disappointed!
5	L.B.P (Loaded Baked Potato pizza)....you have revived my faith in food truck fare. I can honestly say this is the best food truck I've visited. After having several unpleasant lunchtime excursions to the parking lot (my office building has started having Food Truck Wednesdays) today I announced that I would go to NO MORE FOOD TRUCKS if this one didn't work out. Saffron JAK's Loaded Baked Potato flatbread has *virtually* erased all of those bad memories...It was perfection. The yoghurt sour cream, thick cut bacon ends, chives, cheese, and delectably soft potato pieces on top of that oh-so-slightly-yet-perfectly charred pizza stone fired sangak flatbread makes me really regret only getting a 1/2 order. I washed it down with a bottle of mexiCoke and now I'm on my way to polishing off hump day with a smile on my face...Yes, seriously, a Coke and a smile.
5	I wasn't sure what to expect until I sunk my teeth into a slice of the Loaded Baked potato (LBP). Potato, bacon that was more like diced ham, chives, ranch, crispy crust, delicious food truck heaven! These guys know what good food is and their passion shows in the pizzas. Crispy sesame adds a toasty flavor to the sourdough crust. Amazing! Go find them. GO FIND THEM RIGHT NOW!! You're welcome.
5	Tried them today at the Tempe Farmer's Sunday market (under the bridge) - amazing, and I love the bread - I talked to one of the brothers for a bit today, about their long term plans and right now they are doing the food truck and then stage 2 is opening a bakery to make the Persian flat bread they use for the pizzas - it has to be made in a special oven and right now they have to go to California to get it - wonderful consistency and it contains sesame seed flour which you can taste a hint of in the bread. Much of their ingredients are straight from the vendors at the market - for example, my market (vegi) pizza had fresh basil on it right from one of the vendors - it was amazing! I think we will see big things from these guys so make it out to the Tempe Community Sunday market and support your local producers and try their pizza for a late breakfast or an early lunch!
5	We don't even need to post, because it's obvious how much everyone else loves them, but we have to!  We discovered them when they did an awesome demo at the Food Truck Caravan in Scottsdale.  We saw, not only how delicious their pizza is, but also how much passion and effort they put into it.  Their story behind their food is so cool and we've been obsessed ever since!  We were chatting with them tonight and they gave us a huge sample of their dough.  They are the real deal and I love supporting such great people.  GO!!
5	Love the food trucks here in AZ and always try to support local business. Have wanted to try Saffron JAK, and was so happy when they were in my area. Awesome cool vibe from the guys. They know their food stuff!  Great menu selection. They even made something for me off their menu for the night, the SAM. Let me tell you, it was DELICIOUS!  Will definitely track these guys down again, and you should too!
4	I caught this food truck when they were outside the Four Peaks Tasting Room.  I like that they offer a 1/2 pizza and 1/2 salad combo -- because sometimes you need vegetables!The salad was great.  I ordered it with the sweet mustard vinaigrette and thought it was excellent.  The greens were fresh and I liked the sliced pickled jalapenos on top.  It came with a LOT of jalapenos, so I saved a few of those to eat on top of my pizza, delicious.I really liked my pizza!  I'm not usually a fan of thin crusts, but this one was alright.  I still would've preferred a thicker crust.  The baked potato toppings were so good. The only con of this place is that if you are pretty hungry to very hungry, one pizza will probably not fill you up.  My boyfriend ordered the pepperoni and mushroom piiza -- but he had to go home and eat more food afterward bc he was still hungry!  So you are looking at about a $20/person bill if you really want to feel full afterwards.
5	We discovered SJ's truck at the Cardinals game a few games back. OMG - we now show up early and head straight for the truck before every game, this stuff is truly AWESOME! And of course it's a better buy than the Papa John's tiny wheel of despair that they sell inside the stadium, not to mention 1000x better product. Makes arriving at the games early something to look forward to. SJ pizza and NFL Sunday Ticket on the Flight Deck - doesn't get any better than that. 1,000,000 stars!
5	This food truck is one of my favorites in town. They know how to make a darn good pizza. I ordered the BBQ chicken pizza. It was basically chicken and cheese with BBQ sauce instead of tomato sauce. Simple but the flavor was there. The crust is cracker-crispy but not too hard, just the right amount of crisp. I would have liked just a touch more sauce on my pizza though, or maybe a little extra on the side for dipping? Regardless, I managed to eat the whole thing.The guys working in the truck were super nice too. My friends order got messed up so we ended up waiting a long time but they made him a new pizza and even gave him a card to get a free pizza next time which was cool. I'll definitely get another pizza the next time this truck cruises by my work.
