5	The place is open 24/7, is pretty quick with orders, is priced very competitively. I have yet to find a better place for tortas!
3	Al pastor fries, two carne asada tacos, one large horchata. About $12.50. Came here because the lines at a competing taco place were ridiculous. The guys working were really nice and the horchata was super yummy. Food was served up quickly. The boyfriend said the asada was a little dry and while my fries were good (meat, nacho cheese, queso fresco, sour cream) I wouldn't have minded guac and a little more meat. I would come back because of the low price and/our if my original restaurant choice didn't pan out.
4	One of my favorite taco joints in town, comparable to the popular "Roberto's Taco Shop" but keeps that Mexican authenticity (some argue some taco shops have been tainted by "Americanized" taste). This location only has a drive thru and order window so don't expect to walk into a cooled building and have comfortable seating. They do offer tables outside, but who wants to eat in this Vegas heat? Don't let this tough exterior fool you, this place is top notch high quality food! Most of my visit have been thru the drive thru and is sometimes a hit and miss when it comes to wait time/line. Majority of the time I'm "in and out" in less than 5 minutes but in some occasions there are a several cars ahead and waiting time can take 20+ minutes but I endure this "long" wait knowing my taste buds will be rewarded with some awesome food!Favorite of mines is the carne asada burrito with everything. "Everything" includes Mexican rice, beans, onions, light hot sauce, cilantro (I think) at a very generous price of $5.86??? Burrito is wrapped very tight so you will hardly get that dreaded spill of stuffings. I also get their carne asada tacos that are price at a dollar and some change, these palm sized tacos are delicious and very filling given their size. I remember getting 10+ tacos at one point and had a very happy stomach at the end. I believe they specialize in Tortas by the name of the shop but I've only gotten it once and I was not disappointed. Each order comes with lemon, hotsauce, peppers/carrots/onions so you don't even have to ask for these extra things it's provided for you! Enjoy!
5	I love getting burritos from Tortas El Rey!! I always customize my burritos and they always get my order right at this location. The burritos are very large so you won't be dissatisfied when it comes to size. I have come to this location multiple times and love it every time. The building looks a little run-down, but the food is great and the service is great! I never have to wait a long time before I get my food and they have a covered outdoor area with tables to eat at that's located next to the building. They also have a drive-thru if you're in a hurry. I would definitely recommend eating here if you are craving Mexican food!
