4	A year ago I would have given it five stars.  But since then it has doubled in size and I get the feeling it is trying to be something more than a dive.  I used to find it comforting to overlook shelves of food while drinking.  Now I look over a room full of drunks, which is less comforting.  But, it is still a place with good drink specials and some of the stronger drinks in town.  The woodwork is nice too.
3	I was in love with the old Church Key. Up until this past weekend, I had entered the new establishment once, did not like it, and exited planning to never return.  However, I was persuaded to try it again and I can safely say it's not that bad. It's definitely not an intimate dive anymore, but at least it isn't quite Brothers.
3	Nothing too special or outstanding about Church Key. Their bottled woodchuck ales were fresh, but otherwise, it was easily forgettable. I object to going to a bar with the word "Church" in it. It seems like the ultimate paradox. We went on a Saturday night and although there were a few people there, it wasn't like, hopping or anything.FYI: I just learned that a Church Key is another name for a bottle opener. Now I feel simply retarded. But I am holding steady with my review that this place is just average.
3	The staff is exceptionally helpful and friendly here.  Your typical Madison downtown bar.  I used to think it was actually a church...but you cannot get your sins forgiven here.  I prefer the upstairs bar and lounging areas.  Great place to people watch.  Free popcorn.
4	I really like Church Key. I think it's a really a fun, typical college bar. It's nice that the Key has two levels. They also have pretty good drink specials and play decent music. They have free darts on Wednesday which is sweet. Church Key is trusty go to bar on any night.
4	Disclaimer:  I'm chummy with one of the staff persona's here as we both bar tended at another establishment together.Review:The other staff personnel have given me and my fellow Bar Tender brethren nothing but love.  We come here on certain nights to toss one or two back, shoot the sh*t about our shifts and laugh about something hilarious that happened that night or what not.  I don't like it here when it's balls-2-the-wall college kids screamin' "WHOO - HOO!" every 15 minutes; maybe it's just me in my old age.  (Anyone older than 25 is old to the college crowd around here you know...)There are times when there are an older crowd in for games, Basketball/Hockey, etc. and it's busy yet has a sense of common sense in it's aire.Come here. Enjoy.  If it's crowded on a night you choose to go - give it another try on another night.  Seriously. Great Beer & Beverage specials daily.  Great looking staff.  And the cheese curds is where the Hottness is.  Fantastic!
5	If I can't give the Key a 5 star rating, I don't know what I would. As a disclaimer, I worked there for 2 years and left on unsavory terms with the owner. The fact that she (wears the pants) and her husband are doing back-to-back prison sentences bumps it from a 4 to a 5.Now, any bar in madison on friday or saturday is bound to be butts-to-nuts busy, so don't take away stars for it being packed, that's just dumb.Drinks=strong. I'd be hardpressed to tell you the prices, but I'm guessing they're average. Stick to specials and you'll do all right. In response to another reviewer... most male bartenders come off as tools, it's in the job description, and the Key's aren't on the same level as those at Brothers, Mad Ave or even (maybe even especially) the Nitty.Food=Exceptionally good bar food+a ton of it+cheap.A burger special is $5 and it's uncomfortable to finish all of it. I recommend trying.If you're ambling towards Camp Randall or the Kohl Center, stop in for a quick round or two of shots. It's easy enough to get to the bar in a timely manner and it's right on the way for a lot of you.
3	I've been here a few times and it's never of my own choosing. That said -- I've never really liked or disliked Church Key's, it's just not one of those places I usually WANT to goto. There is nothing wrong about it -- it's just not super exciting. It usually results in no where to sit and the bar layout is a little awkward. It's a good place to try though if you think the other bars might be too busy.
2	The genius who built this place was apparently under the impression that 4-5 feet of clearance between the bar and the tables is more than enough to house the crowds in a downtown bar on a college campus. The Church Key's crowds resemble a Mumbai street market (except with frat boys instead of Indians) on any weekend night, and even on most Thursdays. While I've never actually had a terrible experience here, I've never had a memorable one either. There really isn't anything that makes the Church Key stand out from any other campus bar, in terms of selection, prices, staff, features, decoration, or anything else a good bar excels at. Drinks are pretty overpriced. Given its extreme average-ness, The Church Key doesn't really offer any specials that would ever make me want to go out of my way to get a drink here any night of the week.
4	I enjoy the Church Key because there is something very cynical about drinking in a former church, hence "Church Key".  Atmosphere is usually pretty low key, but numbers can get a bit excessive on Thursday nights.  Drinks are cheap, multiple floors to explore your drunkenness on, and overall the place is kept fairly clean.  - Men's bathroom is the only downfall of this place.
4	Most memorable moment: Watching Lebron kick ass in the 2012 NBA finals on the big screens, watching someone get (smirnoff) iced - on his knees and everything, and then debating for the rest of the night whether or not Church Key is actually a renovated church. Thanks to Blair P., I now have my answer. Second most memorable moment: Receiving a text from my friend saying that she got drunk and "fell out of church key." ?!?!?!?! Just kidding, she actually fell outSIDE of Church Key. The atmosphere is super laid-back and casual. The few times that I have seen Church Key get even slightly close to rowdy was once before UW let out for the summer, and then once during the NBA finals. The music is good (top40). The crowd is great (caught our neighbors doing the dougie). The booze flows freely. There isn't much more that I look for in a late-night establishment. Also, you really can't beat the $2 pitchers of beer on a Thursday night. Even a non-beer drinker like me can appreciate that!
5	Went in on a Thursday night. Staff was friendly. Drinks were cheap. They have a $5 minimum charge on a card, but it's a rule that's loosely enforced.
5	As being tourists in the city of Madison, we turned to Yelp to find a bar that fit our needs in terms of ambiance, price, and location. We found Church Key and decided to head here after our dinner. We got there early (I'm referring to college-student time "early"), so we sat at the bar and ordered one of their specials, the long island. Made very well! The bartender had a great personality and engaged us in conversation, where he found out that we were tourists looking for a good time and that we were engaged to be married! From this, he made a specialty "creamsicle" shots. They were freaking delicious!We were impressed that they had Spotted Cow on tap, which is one our favorites that we generally can't get in Illinois (or have to try really hard to obtain). When it gets later in the night, the college kids tend to come around more, which is totally understandable. Fun crowd, great atmosphere, and amazing special prices! I would love to have this bar in my hometown, but unfortunately I don't live in Wisconsin :(
