5	We ALWAYS make a point to enjoy an extraordinary evening out at Michaels' while we are in Vegas.  This place is NOT the type of place that you can get a 'quick bite'.  You must savor every bite of every course and .... scleanse in between with sorbet, fruit or whatever they provide.  It is an amazing experience.  I cannot even explain how much I love this restaurant.
5	Michael's. Is. Amazing.If you ever get the chance, eat here. It's in the Barbary Coast (of all places!) but don't let that fool you. The service is amazing. The food is amazing. Right now, I literally can not think of another word to describe this place. It is probably the best restaurant I've ever eaten at. I know that it's really expensive. But I wouldn't know exactly how expensive. Because when they give you the menus, the women's menus don't have prices on them. I know. It sounds so old-school and sexist. But I'm actually really glad I don't know. The service is impeccable. The setting is small and intimate. And the food. The food is to be savored. Each and every bite.Dinner is an event. It takes several hours. Last I checked, they only took reservations at 2 times in the evening... I think it was 6pm and 9pm or something like that, anyway. And you MUST make a reservation. It's totally worth every single penny you spend here. (Even if you're not a fan of fish, try the dover sole. *droool* So. Tasty.)
5	My boss has several favorite restaurants. But this is one of his all time favorites. And he's taken me here twice now. Once for my 40th birthday. And last year as an X-mas treat. Santa came early that year... but in a good way. It truly doesn't get much better than this.The service is impeccable. Without being unctuous. As some service in fine dining can be. It wasn't just that our waiter was clever, quick and charming. He was so very knowledgeable. He took a great deal of time to explain the whole deal to us. But it wasn't one of those, "Holy hell will he just get on with it already?!" moments. It was a thing of splendor.The first time we had the tasting menu. You had a choice between two menus at that time. And I went, big surprise, with the seafood. As did my boss. We began with a three level layer of plates with different caviars. And the accoutrement. I didn't grow up wealthy. But every new years caviar was served. The Romanoff stuff in the little jar you buy in any supermarket. I've had the good stuff before. But this was unsurpassed. Russian, American and I can't quite recall what the third one was. But it was all excellent. Hey, boss! If you're reading this, I need a raise so I can eat this stuff more often.It was followed by a plate of lobster claws and crab legs with a mustard sauce I would smother on a lover. Just that good. Is that tarragon? I don't even care. Just stand back. Because nobody comes between me and my shellfish. I'm just selfish that way. Then a scampi dish that I would knock my grandmother over to enjoy. We had a French version of risotto that was superlative. It was a cross between bouillabaisse and risotto. Rock me chef. Just rock me. It had langoustines.We shared bubbly, and a few half bottles of wine that our great server suggested... boss isn't fond of sommeliers. He had an experience with one that was bad. He still wakes up screaming.Managed to get good and toasted despite all the food. As he carried me back to my room I recall whispering, softly, "Langoustines, Langoustines."The second time was just as good. But a little less drunk out.
4	Its now at the Southpoint Casino. I got to eat here twice on a comp.Otherwise i would not justify the cost of $400 for two people that does not include tip.the first time i went there i had lobster, its a very nice restaurant with great service. The lobster was huge must have been 5 pounds at least. the second time i went i had the Chateaubriand which was very good.I recommend Michaels only for very special occasions unless you have deep pockets. But its worth the experience
5	In my short 21 years, I have been blessed by eating here TWICE. And might I just say, that those are two heavenly times. Service, impeccable, "where's that olive pit I just put on my plate?".. GONE! because they're like ninjas. My steak was like buttaaah and my baked potato as big as my face. The cherries jubilee, the peach melba.. like we landed in heaven and drank the nectar of the gods. Ambiance is rich and divine. Treat you like you're 1 in a million.This place IS 1 in a million.Drop some change, it'll change your taste buds forever.Oh, and they give you chocolate dipped fruit after your meal.Beautiful!!
5	I love this restaurant, I've been eating here for years (when it was still at Barbary) and not only is the food great but service is like none other!  Get the dover sole if you like fish and lamb if you like meat.  Delicious onion soup and salads are made tableside.  Its pricey but well, well worth it.
5	The concierge at our hotel recommended this restaurant to celebrate our 41st anniversary.  I wanted to kiss her when we got returned from dinner.Dinner was worth every penny.  The food was fabulous, the service impeccable.  The extras were over the top.  I cannot tell you how much I enjoyed our visit there.  I will be going again!!
5	We went to Michael's for the third time on June 5th. My husband has been there a few times before I ever showed up 12 years ago.  It is by far our very favorite restaurant ever.  The service is perfect. You don't need to order appetizers or dessert as they bring you a huge appetizer plate and chocolate covered fruit.  Each dish is prepared mostly in front of you. The waiters know exactly how to provide extraordinary service while still being able to be friendly.  They are like watching a well-planned symphony.  The food is always perfect.  Be prepared to spend big bucks, but for those special dinners, Michael's is the very best.
5	Pure unsurpassed service excellence. Classy. Save your pennies and prepare to be catered to.
5	Yes, it is expensive.  Beyond that, it stills remains the most memorable restaurant my wife and I have been to in our lives.Everything from the incredible food to pristine service is the absolute best!  Nothing is left to chance.  The entire meal, which can last 3 or 4 hours, is a culinary orgasm.Think about the last time you had an authentic Caesar's salad prepared at your table. This is the quality, freshness and authenticity that makes this restaurant stand apart in crowd.In the United States, I would rank this restaurant number one, bar none.
5	I've been going to this restaurant ever since I was 5. It is my mom's favorite restaurant. My dad and her would eat at Michael's at least 4 times a year or even more when I was growing up. As a child, I never particularly enjoyed it because the entire meal consist of usually 3-4 hours. For a kid, that is a lifetime. As I got older, I realized the beauty of it and understood why my mother couldn't get enough of Michael's. Inside it is quite dark and romantic. The tables are round with large velvet chairs. Truthfully, it isn't a place for children because they may start to feel impatient and not enjoy the food that Michael's has to offer. Side note: The restaurant is quite expensive.
3	I never though I'd give Michael's a 3 star rating. I had eaten at the Barbary Coast location a couple of dozen times. It was sublime. The best restaurant/service in Vegas - hands down!! Then last year I finally got to the South Point specifically to dine at Michael's. I was with three others and we all decided that it wasn't the same. However, I wanted to try it again and went back on my last trip to Vegas which was last week. Keep in mind, when you are paying $200 a person, the expectations are high. My crabcake was not a Michaels' crabcake. It was overcooked around the edges (very dry). If I was served this crabcake at another restaurant, I would have been in heaven. But this was Michaels. I have ordered the double spring lamb chops amny times through the years. It's texture and flavor are unmatched. I was disappointed. I know lamb can be fatty, but these chops had a tremendous amount of fat. My dining companion had the filet which he said was excellent and vintage Michaels. The service - good to excellent. We had one of the wait staff put Bernaise sauce on some broccoli. There was a large splatter that ended up on the table. Lucky it wasn't on our clothes! There was no acknowledgement of the faux pas. Dessert was fine. I had the belgian chocolate creme brulee. The price tag (with three drinks and tip) was $400. This time the value wasn't there. There are too many other stellar restaurants in Las Vegas to continue treating myself here. On my next trip I will try some of the others. Michael's has lost something in it's move.
1	The previous reviewers must be out of their mind.  This was the worst restaurant i have ever been to.  Inquired about some martinis but the waiter looked puzzled and unsure, so settled on Amstels and a pomegranate martinis which tasted like moonshine.Started with the table-side caesar salad for 2.  Disgusting: the lettuce was lacking in  romaine hearts, and  was actually wilted.  next was the crab cakes-WAS NOT EDIBLE we both could not finish it.  For the main we got the sole and ribeye.  Sole tasted like a tv-dinner and the steak ($80) was full of gristle and fat.After the main they bring a giant fruit bowl, which was probably from a previous table.  Not sliced fruit, but whole fruits.  WTF?!  Ouside, we burst out laughing and agreed it was the worst dining experience we have ever had.  So bad we couldnt even get mad.The bill was $380.00 for 2 and left a 15% tip.
2	After reading all of these ecstatic reviews, I mentioned to my boyfriend that it would be fun to try this restaurant someday for a fancy occasion. He took me there for my birthday last night and I was underwhelmed.First of all, the decor has not been updated since the 1970s at the latest. Lace tablecloths, hideous carpet, old school everything. The bar was equally strange. We asked for a wine-by-the-glass list at the bar and they didn't have one. We ordered a split of champagne.Upon being seated, we were presented with a massive plate of veggies, two "bread baskets" (translation - one basket of giant water crackers and one basket of flavorless pumpernickel cheese crackers)  and handed the menu. The menu is as old school as menus get. Think about all the items you would see at a fancy restaurant in a small town...the kind where there is only one fancy restaurant. Totally typical meat and fish fare, everything bathed in some sort of butter sauce.Everything is exorbitantly expensive. Most entrees are well north of $50. The only thing on the menu that attracted me was the Maine lobster, but it was over $100 and I didn't feel like any entree at this restaurant would feel worth that much.We ordered the sea bass and the salmon. Before they arrived, we were treated to a citrus-lemon-lime sorbet bathed in champagne. A fun, old school touch. When they came, they were plated next to the table on a rolling station that kept everything warm. Both pieces of fish were insanely massive, looked like they had been fried at some point during the cooking process, and came in a giant pool of butter, along with a tomato stuffed with breadcrumbs and assorted lemon garnishes. They tasted ok and were cooked nicely.For dessert, we ordered the key lime pie 'from Florida'. It was great except had a soapy, bitter aftertaste so we sent it back and got an average Tiramisu.Then they brought out a plate of candied fruit dipped in chocolate along with a massive fruit bowl. None of it was great.It seems like the focus at Michael's is to give great service and to stuff the clientele so they are rolling out of the restaurant, not to wow people with food and ambiance. If you're a young, foodie type, skip this restaurant. If you're taking your grandparents out to a fancy dinner, this might just work. I will not be returning to this relic.
2	Bottom line is that this place is just not worth the money. $25 for a caesar? $90 for a sirloin? $20 for french onion soup? Yes, service was very good and over the top but there is no way it is worth $125+ per person with no alcohol when you compare to what you can get at even a Joel Roubuchon, etc. for around the same price.
2	Well, I decided to give Michael's one more try. This time I went with three others. We started with two getting a garden salad and two people splitting  crabcake. Those eating the salad said it was bland. Those eating the crabcake said it was cooked unevenly. For the entree, three ordered the petite filet ($82 each). All three were disappointed. The words used to decribe the filet are as follows: overpriced, not flavorful, nothing special, boring. I got the sirloin ($86). It was not as flavorful as I've experienced at Michaels and certainly not worth $86. Our side dishes ($12 each) were creamed corn, asparagus and au gratin potatoes. The corn and potatoes were quite good. There was nothing special about the asparagus. Following our disappointing dinner, the dessert tray was presented. We all surprised each other as each of us declined a dessert - something that is unusual for our group! All of us said we were not going to continue to be disappointed. However, two of us got cappuchino ($10 each), which was very good. The bill with tax and tip was about $600. We will NEVER go back. We have been to Michaels close to 20 times. Most of those experiences were at the Barbary Coast. We've eaten at the South Point location three times. The value is simply no longer there. The service is excellent, but the prices do not correspond to the food quality. There are too many other choices in Las Vegas.
5	I'm giving very careful thoughts regarding my dinner at Michael's last night.I've never, ever eaten at a place like it. VERY old-school, IE European waiters with napkins draped across their forearm and doting on you every single moment. That was unique, but a bit unnerving. I felt like they were watching me like a hawk every single second. And, they WERE.  I never had to ask for anything, as soon as I lifted my head the waiter was there for anything at all.This is a dining experience, our dinner was 2 hours in length. We were seated for the early 6pm time, and were the first ones in the place. It's gorgeous inside, a soothing, rich burgundy color dominates the room- but I thought the touch of  "grandma" lace tablecloths a bit odd. It's a very small room as well. Not a place for children, it would bore them to tears. Also note: Dress up for this place, ok? Don't wear jeans. It's too nice of a place to look like a schlub.I ordered the creamed mushrooms for an appetizer, and the Dover Sole for my entree, and the tiramisu cake for dessert. The mushrooms were sliced portabello, in a thick and rich sauce. VERY delicious, but I only ate half of it. MY MIL ordered the shrimp cocktail, and they were incredible! These were baby lobsters, they were so massive! A bit tough, but with them being huge, i'd sort of expect that.The Dover Sole was excellent. Poached, it was given a brown butter sauce tableside that was beyond delicious. Not fishy, just a fresh, sweet seafood flavor, much like King Crab. It was deboned tableside, as well. Very impressive!My dessert was the only let-down. A tiramisu cake that was partially frozen still. Flavor was great, but I personally didn't care for the icy bits.VERY expensive place, too. Our bill was$360, but we had a comp. The least expensive entree was chicken, at $55. My Sole was $88, and my MIL for veal for $79. Apps start at $20 EACH. You WILL drop money here, people, no doubt. Tipped them very well, as the service was top-notch.
5	I was fortunate to go to Michael's again on 11/29/10. I actually ordered the SAME meal, it was that perfect! It was still as good the second time around, and while it was -hard- not to get the New England lobster..The Dover sole was out-of-this world divine.Wanted to note that the desserts have improved! No longer cold or icy, just a perfectly cool temperature for eating. I got the Contreau chocolate mousse cake, and it was heavenly.I also splurged and got a 20-year old glass of port for dessert. Yes, i'm a goofball and don't remember the brandname. (was a tad drunk, so sue me) and it was an eye-opening rush of alcohol goodness. Smooth as the finest silk, too bad my buzz was already going good to savor it more.Service? Unparralled in this city of sin. SO perfect!
5	I have got to set the record straight.  All of these posts that are more than a few years old are ridiculously inaccurate. Michael's (named after the owner of the South Point hotel and casino) was moved to the hotel only after Mr. Gaughn bought out the South Point from the Coast casino properties.  That's right, it used to be South Coast casino.  And,Michael's used to be at the Barbary coast casino, until Mr. Gaughn moved it to the new South Point (as he retained the rights to his restaurant when he sold off his interest in coast casinos, and outright bought the south point (formerly South Coast).  Since the South point was less than a couple years old when this occurred, it is impossible that the restaurant "has not been updated since the 70's".  In fact, Mr Gaughn paid a considerable amount of money to move a load bearing column because he didn't like the appearance of the restaurant with the column where it was.  This restaurant flies in fresh items (for example the Dover sole), and has impeccable service right down to the bathroom attendants. With the new location, the absolute attention to detail, the finest quality food, and a professional serving staff, I can see no reason that this restaurant could ever be rated as less than the best dining experience one can find in Vegas.
1	This place claims to have a dress code but the staff wouldn't be able to tell the difference between a cheap suit from Burlington Coat Factory & a designer suit from Versace.  On a cold evening in Vegas my friends and I stumbled across Micheal's and thought this must be a hidden jem here in the South Point. Wow! a 4 diamond restaurant so close to home!When we said we were interested in a table one of the serves told us to take a look at the menu to see if this was really where we wanted to eat. This seemed odd, and we immediately said we were fine and would wait for the table. Moments later the host informed us that there was a dress code and we needed to leave. We were not dressed up by any means, however we were certainly not under dressed compared to the old folks and cowboys that were already dinning. You know, my friends and I eat out a lot, and have been known to spend a ridiculous amount on food & wine. We have dined at many other high end restaurants in town and have never been turned away. Michael's you made a big mistake... HUGE!
5	A dining experience to remember for a lifetime. A celebration or impress friends, family or coworkers Michaels is the best choice in Vegas. Free starters of olives, pickled veggies, quail eggs etc.  Crap cocktail, Caesar Salad, green bean almondine. As for the main course the steaks are perfectly prepared to your request, veal is so tender & the Dover Sole is a must try. To finish it off they give you a complimentary bowl of fruit & chocolate dipped fruit.
5	I didn't know what to expect when I walked into this place.  As soon as we sat down and had 5 waiters surrounding us, bringing out food and bottled water, I was instantly transported to another place... I felt like a '50's mob boss, and believe me that is a good thing.I went straight for the ceasar salad (prepared table-side), and the Chateaubriand (serves 2).  There is no arguing that this is the best meal I've ever had.  Period.  I could cut the filet with a fork, and they even make plain old vegetables taste amazing.  The chef is clearly a master at pairing flavors together, as the sauces that came with the Chateaubriand perfectly melded everything together.The service is truly 5 star... I've never had better service.  The steak was absolutely perfect, and I also sampled the Sea Bass, as well as the Scampi.  Both of those dishes were amazing as well (especially the Sea bass... magnificent).Safe to say this is probably the best restaurant in Vegas, despite the fact that its located in the South Point casino of all places.  Don't be fooled by the haters, this place is old school and real deal.Pro-tip:  Order a dessert (cherries jubilee, or perhaps the bananas foster) if you want a real show table-side. Save this place for a special occasion, because I doubt you'll have a better combination of food/service.
5	I have been coming to Michael's with my parents since I was a small child. It was always a special event, usually while on a weekend trip in from Southern California. Back then, Michael's was located at the Barbary Coast Hotel, which closed back in early 2007. The old Barbary Coast is now the obnoxious Bill's Gamblin Hall and Saloon. So when Bill's came in, Michael's left. They then relocated to the South Point Hotel and Casino, further south on the Strip. (The old owner of the Barbary owned the South Point too). In truth,  I was anxious to hear that they were moving to a new location at the South Point. I was happy it was still going to be around, but secretly worried that they would not be able to maintain or recreate the old school Vegas feeling and ambiance they had when it was located inside the Barbary. I was proven wrong. If you read reviews on here that bash the way that Michael's looks, stuff like..."It hasn't been updated since the 1970s," blah blah....um, excuse me...it's like that on PURPOSE.  When it was moved from the old location, pretty much everything, and I mean, EVERYTHING was carefully placed to mimic the way it looked for all those decades at the old Barbary Coast. Right down to the beautiful glass dome in the middle of the restaurant and the front door. The whole idea of Michael's is to transform you back to a time when dining out in Vegas was an event. Here, the Ladies do not receive a menu with prices on it. Only the Gentlemen do. This is the type of meal where there are so many rich, savory taste experiences, you have a champagne sherbet in between courses to cleanse your palette. And don't forget the fruit bowl, chocolate, and fruit petit fours that come after the meal, along with multicolored sugar crystals for your after dinner coffee or tea. Excited yet? Michaels has all that and more. The best, largest, juiciest filet you will ever eat. If you love seafood, the Florida stone crab is flown in daily and NOT to be missed. The claws are gigantic.  The Sea Bass is perfection. I also love the spinach salad they prepare for you table side, complete with hot bacon and vinaigrette dressing. And please don't forget dessert. My mom and I swoon over the Cherries Jubilee every time. But if cherries are not your thing, you can pick something like Bananas Foster or one of 10 or so fresh mouthwatering desserts from the pastry cart. The service is top notch. Your captain and Maitre d will wait on you hand and foot,  (without being pushy or overbearing) and make you feel like family. And that's exactly how my family feels about Russell and Jose, who work there.They are family. So much so, that my husband and I celebrated our small wedding night dinner here with my parents last December. Expect to be there for at least three hours. And as some other reviewers unfortunately found out after it was too late, it is semi dressy/dressier. So yes, guys, put on a jacket, ok? It's one night, so suck it up. Like I said, it is not dinner, it is an event. And one definitely not to be missed. It is pricey. Know that going in. But you could spend the same or even more on the Strip and not even come close to this experience. You can go to a five star, elegant steak house at the Palms, or the Palazzo, or Mandalay, or even the Wynn. But I can guarantee that these trendier places won't pamper you the way that Michael's does. Those places are into kissing the asses of say, celebs,  and other bigwigs. At Michael's, you don't technically have to be a bigshot to be made to feel like one.Perfection.
5	This updated review finds me once again in love with Michael's.  We've celebrated special anniversaries for 15 years and my husband came with his golf buddies several times before that.  From start to finish, Michael's is a dining experience that makes you feel special.  We're learned not to order appetizers or dessert. As part of the meal, they bring a huge relish/appetizer plate that includes huge green and black olives, spicy chili's, hard-boiled quail eggs, baby corn, pickled cauliflower, cucumbers, jicama, etc. etc.  Also you get a yummy cheese spread to put on flatbread.This time I ordered lamb chops and my husband ordered the veal chop. Both cooked to perfection with light and delicious sauce.  Afterward, our waiter, Himlo (sp?) brought us a complimentary piece of cake as he knew we were celebrating our anniversary.  Lastly came the twice-dipped in chocolate strawberries and other fruit, chocolates, and a huge bowl of fruit.  All the while the formal, but friendly wait staff sees to your every need.  Yes, it's expensive, but if you want a classy old-style evening that is romantic and truly special, try Michael's.
5	Great meal.  Stem to stern.  I would never venture to a hidden place like this but a high roller friend was visiting from out of town and had  some comps.I had the Chateaubriand with the lobster appetizer.  Very well prepared and many servers to bring the drinks and eats along the journey.  Finished up with Grand Marnier Chocolate cake & coffee.Taste buds never felt so good!
3	I don't quite get this place. I see what they are trying to do,but the food is not as good as most high end steak houses in Vegas and he prices are way too high. The only thing I can figure is most meals are comped and it makes the ego driven gamblers think they are really getting a three hundred dollar meal, your not. The service cannot get any better its  just the food does not compare to Cut,Delmonicos,Del frisco ect. If you want old Vegas feel go to Hugos in the four queens the food is good with the same mob look but the prices are one third this place
5	Whether you are celebrating a birthday, anniversary or just want to impress, nothing compares to a dining experience at Michaels. It's not just dinner it is a dinner show. Do yourself a favor & order the crab cocktail & table side prepared caesar salad.
5	Michaels is a true old Las vegas classic that has not lost it's touch or great food.  It moved locations a couple of years ago but is still the outstanding restaurant of its type in this city
4	The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because every time we go we spend about 200 to 300 a head and we feel like 100 to 200 a head would be more appropriate
5	All I can say is Whoa!This was a great meal for my Vegas trip.  Located in the Southpoint Casino and off the beaten path, traditional vacationers may have a hard time finding this place.  I was staying at the Aria, so it was about a 30 dollar cab ride, but it was worth every penny to eat here.  And, don't be thrown off by the location if you are staying on the strip.  When my party first rolled up, I thought, "Oh crap, this is just going to be a cruddy steakhouse!", but boy was  I wrong.When you open the doors to this place, it is like going back in time.  Rich red velvet wall coverings, high red chairs, dimly lit chandilers and the tables are huge.  When you are first seated, a full cold plate with vegetables and a creamy cheese dish is set before you alone with rye chips and crackers.  The wine list is the best of the best too --- I was very impressed and was equally happy when the footer of the bill ordered a 2007 bottle of Caymus.The Ceaser salad is great --- done tableside and they can make it how big or small you would like.  The stone crab appetizer special was amazing.  The claws were huge and sweet.  The sweet mustard horseraddish sauce was tasty too.  An intermezzo of frozen lemon sorbet was brought out with a splash of Dom Perigon (so fancy).  Then, here is where we made the mistake --- WE ORDERD WAY TO MUCH FOOD!  The Chateaubriand was more like a meal for four!  It was so good though!  The Denver Sole was light and buttery, cooked so well.  We were so full after this, we did not have room for the dessert cart, or any of the tableside desserts.  When you get your bill, you get a bowl of fruit, plus a plate of chocolate covered fruit!  It was awesome!If you feel like having a special night out, this is the place!
5	I have eaten at Michael's Several times, first when it was located in the old Barbary Coast and then at the South Coast. Having liked the old Vegas feel at the Barbary I was pleasantly surprised to find the same ambiance at the South Coast.  The price is steep but the food is always prepared correctly and the portions are generous.  I have had a waiter named Tim on 3 or 4 occasions and he and the rest of the wait staff is the best in town.  If in season I would suggest the stone crab as it is delicious.  'nuf said.
5	Great dining experiences and excellent food.  The food was very good but for the price there are probably better places. However it is an incredible dining experience.  Would definitely recommend checking this place out.
5	Wow, who knew that the Southpoint Casino had such a hidden gem of a restaurant!We came here for an impromptu dinner. After our party of 6 debated between a few places on the strip, our friend Mike (fun fact: he is the husband of the current Mrs. Nevada, Kristie) said he wanted to take us to his "favorite restaurant, Michael's." I was definitely intrigued because I had never heard of the place before. I was even more surprised when he said it was located at the Southpoint. *Raised eyebrow*We had a fantastic meal with impeccable service! The decor is a little outdated for me but I understand the theme they were going for. We had 8 servers waiting on our party of 6. *One thing I really loved was that the menus handed to the women were different than the menus handed to the men in that prices are NOT listed on the womens' menus. Cute, right? Clearly an old-school/old-fashioned practice and I like it. Alot.Everyone unanimously agreed that this would be our cheat meal, (especially considering that I have a photoshoot coming up in 10 days, so this really was the "last supper" for me, ha.)I can't remember it all (food coma) but here is some of what our table ordered:2 bottles of cabernetAppetizers-Caesar salad (prepared table side)-French onion soup-Shrimp diablo (Favorite)Entrees-Dover sole (Favorite, multiple people ordered this dish)-Seabass-Filet mignonSides-Potatoes au gratin-Green beans (Favorite)-Asparagus with hollandaise sauceDessert-Bananas foster (prepared table side)-CheesecakeThe chef also sent out, complimentary, 2 platters of chocolate dipped strawberries and a giant fruit bowl filled with fresh fruit.Definitely worthy of a 6 star review, if I could give one.
5	First time we ate here it was at the Barbary Coast. The pit boss gave us a comp and told us to have the dinner of our life....we kinda internally rolled our eyes thinking - "Eh, yeah right! But cool, we'll take a free meal."WOW- we were wrong! Over the years we have kept coming back, even though it's now at the South Point a little bit away from the strip. It's truly a gem. It's very expensive but the service is hands down the best service I've ever had in my life. The food is great and each time we return it's the same servers - who I'm sure make a pretty penny working there. All in all, it's a FABULOUS dinning experience...truly an EXPERIENCE!
5	My experience at Michael's was truly fabulous. So wonderful that I have no other choice than to give it 5 stars. I read some of the reviews that were less than 5 stars because I was curious as to what could make anyone think poorly of this place. Most of the complaints were about the pricing, which in no way affects my review. I was with a large party (9 guests). I didn't pay the bill and this place is so old school that ladies are given menus with no prices. How much fun is that? As a truly thrifty and informed consumer, had I been aware of the price of anything I may have made different dining decisions and/or had a different experience. Having said that...Wow! I don't know if I have received better service anywhere, ever. My water glass was never less than half full throughout the entire meal. They were prompt, courteous and made sure everything was perfect for our party. I ate the sea bass and the salmon (split with another guest) and both were phenomenal. They were both plated pretty much the same way including a whole tomato topped with a breadcrumb mixture and a decorative lemon. The only difference being the toppings. The sea bass was topped with an abundance of fresh leeks and a little dill in a butter sauce and the salmon was topped with marinated cucumbers. The sea bass was buttery and I thought it might melt on my tongue. The salmon was moist and flavorful, a winning combination. The only things I tried that were a bit mediocre were the green beans and William J's Salad. The "Imported French Beans, Almondine" were just waxy green beans with some chopped almonds sprinkled on top. Opt instead for the asparagus, baby carrots or creamed corn. All of which I would order again. The salad was underwhelming at best. The portion was large enough to share but I would skip it all together. It was mostly lettuce and slightly bland. Opt instead for the Cream of Fresh Tomatoes Soup which was one of the best I have ever tried.I tried every dessert. Yep, every single one. The best was the Peach Melba and it was wonderful. I had to pass it on, as we all sampled a bite of everything. But if I could've kept just one in front of me, it would have been the peach melba hands down. The Cherries Jubilee, Key Lime and Cheese Cake were all better than the Bananas Foster. And the Bananas Foster was pretty freakin' good if that gives you any indication of how yummy my night was.
5	Russell is the man. He makes the best caesar dressing from scratch in all of vegas.  A lost art but still found at this gem.  Definitely recommend this place for locals and for special occasions.  Food is some of the freshest and classically prepared I've ever had.  Most notably was the experience from start to finish, dinner lasted 3 hours and was comfortable enough to stay longer if I wasn't so full.  Portion size is well worth the prices. Thank you for the complimentary birthday cake. He made my birthday.
5	This place is truly the best in town. It is a old style table side service Las Vegas had back in the day! The service is fantastic if your looking for a great captain ask for russ!
5	Once again, a flawless experience. I had not been to the new location and it is the only thing that has changed.  Everything from the moment you walk thru the beautiful stained glass door is beyond perfection.  If restaurants highest rating was a 5 star, this would clearly be a 10 star!!!
5	Loved this place!  South Point you shocked me!First of all, the decor reminds me of TrueBlood or more specifically Fangtasia which I love love love.  It's ALL RED inside with dark wood.  All the chairs have high backs and are covered in red crushed velvet.  I was surprised at how high end it was for being in the South Point Casino.  Waiters were numerous and attentive, dressed to the nines.  Place is extremely intimate and quiet, definite great date place.  Some of the men, but not all, were wearing jackets. The waiters all had jackets on.We ordered a bottle of wine and my dining partner ordered a dirty martini which came in the most amazing glass! [see pix] They also brought an assortment of veggies, beets, eggs [which we actually thought were small mozzarella balls-surprised us!], and bread to start off your meal. It was delightful.  We didn't order a starter or appies because we knew what we wanted. The other amusing point was that the female's menu has no prices on it, while the male's menu did!  [see pix]  This got a chuckle out of my accomplice. I ordered the Veal Saltimbocca and he got a 9 oz filet.  Mine was amazing*and*  his was amazing!!!! One of the better steaks I have had in this city, and I've been to a bunch. We also ordered a side of string beans, they were just OK in my book, the only thing I would not ordered again when I go back, b/c I'm definitely going back.At the end of the meal, the bring this large dessert tray over that has like 9 different cakes/pies/table side flambe!  We were so full we declined and then they surprised us yet again with an assortment of chocolates, chocolate covered strawberries, and all sorts of yummie chocolate covered fruits.
1	This is a review for Michael's at the South Point Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada ("Michael's").  Two words: Rip Off.  Stay away.  We went to Michael's as a party of four people.  The ambiance was good (but a little cheesy with all the red crushed velvet).  Service was good.  However, the food was mediocre and way overpriced.  When I say overpriced, I mean way overpriced to a point of being ridicules for the quality of the food.  Here is what we paid, and what it should have cost compared to some of the top restaurants we have been to, including Gordon Ramsay Steak House, Cuts Steakhouse, Delmonico Steakhouse, and others ("the other places"):We started with cocktails.  Two of us had a Cosmopolitan, which normally is between $10.00 and $12.00 at the other places.  At Michael's, each Cosmopolitan was $25.00!  Times two that was $50.00 for cocktails.  The other two people had water and were in a state of shock.Here is an example the cost of our appetizers and main courses.  One Veal Piccata, normally $32.00 other place, was $72.00.  Yes, that's right: $72.00 for a few slices of veal in lemon caper sauce.  A rib eye steak, normally $56.00 at other places, was a whopping $70.00 at Michael's.  A Sea Bass dish, normally $40.00 other places, was $58.00.  A Caesar's Salad, normally $16.00 at the other places, was $25.00 per person. A Scottish Salmon appetizer (which tasted like it was from Costco and frozen), normally $12.00 to $15.00 at the other places, was $25.00.   For dessert, a scoop of vanilla ice cream with some berries on top, normally $14.00 at the other places, at Michael's it was $25.00.  Was the food that much better?  No.  In fact, it was much worse than the other places.  The rib eye steak was plated to make it look unappealing. It was very fatty on the edges, not well marbled, and I'm sure it was not a prime cut of beef.Why anyone would go to this restaurant is beyond comprehension, especially when there are so many great restaurants in Las Vegas that are much more superior and less expensive.  Do not go to this place and save your money for other things.  We will never go back to the South Point Hotel because of this experience.
5	Simply amazing.First admission:  I certainly haven't eaten at all of the world's best restaurants or even most of them but I have eaten at a few of them.  And the service at Michael's is probably the best I have ever experienced anywhere.  But you will pay for the experience.  Oh yes (*evil laugh*), you will pay.It is interesting that this true diamond of a restaurant is tucked inside the South Point casino which is, in all honesty, not exactly a high end place.  But no matter.Several other reviewers have already said it but it bears repeating:  Set aside three hours to dine here.  Got that?  Three hours.  You are going to pay for the experience so, please, don't rush it.  Make your dinner here the special event, not whatever you are doing afterward.Now, back to the prices.  The prices are the highest I have ever seen anywhere.  They are staggeringly high.  Ridiculously high.  Laugh out loud high (and if you don't laugh, you might cry).  In fact, the prices are so high, I am embarrassed to disclose them because you might laugh at me and maybe throw sharp things at me.But here's the thing:  If you are just hoping to eat dinner here and fill your tummy up, then yes, you have paid waaaaay too much.  However, at the end of this meal, if you didn't figure it out earlier, you realize that you are not only paying for the food, but you are mostly paying for being treated like absolute royalty for three hours.  From the maitre d' to the waiter to the busboy, the service simply sparkles.  This is an experience, and not just a dining experience, that you will likely remember for years to come.(I also highly recommend a visit to the restroom.  I have seen my fair share of horror-show potties, but this one is extremely pleasant.  And, I am told, the ladies' room is also lovely.)Gee, after all this rambling, it looks like I forgot to mention the food.  Much of it is amazing.  Some of it is very good but not great.  A few thoughts:Crab cake:  Incredible.Caesar's salad (prepared tableside):  Yes, yes, yes.  It's wonderful.  Make sure you inhale deeply before you dive in so that you can gather in all of the garlilcky and other terrific aromas.Dover Sole (finished tableside):  Very good and probably 10 inches long.  Pepper Steak with brandy sauce (finished tableside):  As big as a football but not spectacular.  It was a bit one-note after the first few bites.Key Lime Pie:  Excellent but you probably won't have room to eat any desserts.And yes, everyone gets a dish of chocolate covered fruits (gratis, and they are excellent) and also a giant fruit bowl (free) which looks like it was stolen from Carmen Miranda's head.  The fruit is beautiful but I am not sure anyone in the history of Michael's has ever taken a bite of any of that fruit because you are simply too stuffed to do so.  In fact, the same bowl of fruit might have been passed down for generations of diners here.  Overall, it's an amazing and truly memorable experience but definitely more so for the service than the food.  The dishes aren't amazingly innovative but they are still very good.  Remember, you are paying for the experience.  If you don't keep that in mind, you have missed the point of Michael's.
4	Micheal's has been a Las Vegas tradition for over twenty years. Many of the waiters have been there since it opened. When Micheal's closed from Bill's many were out of a job. Micheal's reopened at the South Point Casino and those who wanted their old jobs back had them. How many employers today will do that? None that I know of.The door to the restaurant does not reflect the beauty of the interior. When you enter you notice the red walls, tables and furnishings. It is very elegant inside. If you look up you will see the stained glass ceiling. This was removed from the old Micheal's location and brought to the South Point. This allows long standing customers to feel as if they were in the same locale.Service is very quick. There are several of the wait staff around at almost all times. They do keep their distance while you dine, but are there at the wave of a hand. Many of the dishes are prepared table side. Some of the salads, many of the entrees and some of the deserts. So, even if you are not getting one of these items you can watch the show at the table next to you.Every item was delicious. The steaks were prepared as asked for. They were so tender and tasty. Savory does not describe it good enough. This ranks as some of the best steak I have ever had. I had gratin potatoes on the side. They were not oozing with cheese like a lot of gratin potatoes. The cheese was more hinted at and the dish had a wonderful smooth rich taste.We were all to full for desert but were brought an after dinner fruit plate. This plate did not have pieces of fruit. It had whole fruit. Grapes, apples, strawberry's, blueberry's and oranges. As well as some chocolates. Who needs desert with that after any meal.Be prepared to spend a few hundred per guest. This is not cheap food, but it is worth the expense.
2	Very over priced  food was average at best.
5	This was an amazing dining experience. Very intimate and romantic. A great date place. The shrimp scampi was a rich and flavorful dish. Definitly come here for a special occasion.
5	I first went to Michael's when it was at the Barbary Coast. It is now at South Point and literally nothing has changed. They took everything from the wallpaper to the furniture to the glass door when they moved. They even brought back all of the old staff.I love this place. Had my second date with the BF 10 years ago here. I love how the menus for the woman do not have prices, so old school. When you are seated they bring a HUGE plate if veggies and peppers and meats. You could get full eating this alone.For apps, try to go when the Stone Crab is in season. These are the best, nice big juicy stone crab claws. If not in season I would recommend the Baked Escargot. Salads and Soups: William J's Salad and French Onion Soup are my favorites.For Entrees I would recommend sharing something, because the portions in this place are huge. The Dover Sole or the Chateaubriand, Bouquetierre are awesome.They do have really great desserts here. I hate to not recommend them but they are going to bring you a huge fruit basket with a full size pineapple, apples, strawberries etc. They are also going to bring you a plate of chocolate covered fruit that is on the house. You will not be able to eat all of this food. I promise.
5	Everything in Vegas is an imitation of something from somewhere else. Famous restaurants in NYC, LA, Chicago, Yountville, all open outposts in Vegas. So when I discovered a true Vegas restaurant that is one of a kind, it was like travelling back in time. Michael's is THAT kind of a restaurant. It is truly unique and authentic Vegas experience, the traditional, classy, old school Vegas. When the mobs used to run the town. When public nudity was frowned upon. When a magical oasis sprung up in the middle of a dessert and drew people from all over in. Don't let the off-putting South Point Casino (and rodeo boys) deter you from visiting. The fact that it is in an unsuspecting corner of a kitschy casino - apparently they literally moved it from the old spot into this new spot - makes it even more fascinating. The meal was enough to feed a village. My tip? Basically skip lunch for the sake of dinner. Trust me. Also allot at least 3 hours for dinner. After all the courses, it's essentially a French dining experience.  Everyone's meal started with a massive pickled plate of beets, carrots, cucumbers and assorted pickles. We ordered fresh stone crab appetizers on a decadent ice bowl, with a bib I could not refuse. The table-side Caeser salad was so involved it required two people. The dressing was maybe the best garlic to lemon ratio I've ever had. The Michael J's salad had avocados and similar ingredients, and was equally refreshing. In the middle of our meal came a palate cleansing lemon sorbet with Dom Perignon with the perfect little bit of lemon rinds. Some other unique details of the service include the almost kitschy massive wine glasses with golden letters "Michael's restaurant" on the side and the beer that was put on an ice bucket the way one would serve champagne. As for entrees, the Chateaubriand for two just blew me away. The cut was unbelievably tender, and both bearnaise and hollandaise sauce decorated the plate. Asparagus, baked tomatoes, broccoli and carrots were perfectly pan-cooked, again with table-side service. At this point I may have loosened the buttons on my pants. Due to time constraints, we had to skip the key lime pie (flown in fresh every day from Key West) and plethora of cheesecakes. In its place was a complimentary dessert plate of chocolate and white chocolate dipped strawberries, petite fours, chocolate covered kiwis, bananas and pineapples.There is no doubt I will go back to Michael's every time I visit Vegas. It's a pilgrimage, no, a right of passage, an homage to the history of the city. And if you don't want to get too philosophical, it's really just a really superb meal.
5	Amazing!
5	Came here with friends who have been living in Vegas for years.  They have been to a lot of the places on the strip and off, and they brought us here for their last meal before moving back east.  As most other reviews have mentioned this place is pricey, I glanced over at my husband's menu to check out the prices and they were heft, saw that the filet mignon was around $80. Yes the martinis were $25, pomegranate was amazing, but they give you a big martini glass and essentially you get a 2nd one because they give you what is left in the mini shaker, so not that outrageous. That said, you are paying for more than the food, it is an experience unrivaled really anywhere these days where flashy places want to turn tables over quickly. We were there for 3.5 hours and I enjoyed every second.We had a waitstaff of 4 for the 4 of us.  I never had a crumb that lasted more than 5 seconds on the tablecloth before getting cleaned off.  Our water was always filled, napkins folded if we left the table, etc. Since it was our friends last meal in Vegas we went all out and got way too much food. Would suggest going there and getting the Caesar salad ( best I've ever had) and then splitting an entree (we had the halibut which was enough to share, filet is also a great option to split), and then getting the bananas foster (so sinfully delicious). We were ogling over the dessert cart but had decided to just get the bananas but because the waiter saw how torn we were about not trying the NY cheesecake flown in from NY that he brought us a slice of the cheesecake as a courtesy.  We had fun talking with our head waiter who had been working there for 18 years and he was the baby of the staff.  Will definitely make it a point to come here when in Vegas.
5	ABSOLUTELY AMAZING !   We live here in Las Vegas and have FINALLY found a restaurant that we loved and will be our special occasion place from now on,  I haven't had a meal in my life so good!  We felt like a King and Queen,  We had the Special bone in filet and Lobster as our main course,  A Caesar salad made from scratch in front of us,  French Onion soup that was  amazing, Potatoes Aug gratin.    When they brought out the desert display it was Beautiful,  we choose the New York Cheese cake with Berries,  they also give you a plate of chocolate dipped strawberries, apples, bananas, and other treats and a huge bowl of fruit.   During the meal they bring a fancy small sorbet to clean your palette and they pour Dom Perion  over it .   The whole experience was our best ever and we can't wait for another special occasion to go back.   Yayyyy
5	Surprisingly good. I was just walking out of the South Point sports book and saw this place. Excellent steak. The Decor is a little out dated, but very good food. I had no idea this place was even there. Glad I walked by. Someone was telling me they have been around for quite some time. I guess they moved from the strip to this location a while ago.
1	We are from out of town and were a little under dressed since we were planning to bowl upstairs our friend were hungry and we entered the restaurant. The manager Jose Martel profiled us when we asked if it was fine dinning. He said in a defensive and irritated tone "of course it is, would you like to see the menu!" We were a little shocked by his reaction. But just ignored it. We ordered a bottle of wine and ordered a meal to split since we ate a full meal about 45 mins prior to walking into Michaels. The waiter came and told us that the Manager said that there was a split charge of $25.00 to split a meal. The Manager Jose came and was rude but at the end made an exception. He then profiled us for the second time and said "next time YOU WILL KNOW BETTER since this is a fine dining restaurant." We've gone to many Fine dinning restaurants much nicer than this place but never treated this way.  Wow! The waiters were very nice if would like to say....
4	Came here a while back for a date night. We had backed escargots-delightful, lobster cocktail- just because its date night, onion soup-good, beefsteak tomato salad with anchovies-cant go wrong, the chateuabriand-finished at tableside, nice and tender. The accoutrements and ambiance are a reminiscent of vintage supper clubs. Its a special spot.
4	All that it was said to be and then some. The food was excellent, the service was good. The only thing I didn't like was the wait for a table. We waited about 15 min., however, we didn't have a reservation and still it was worth the wait.
5	This was probably the most expensive meal I've ever had. At the very least, it was definitely the most expensive meal I've ever paid for. But it was so totally worth every penny.This place is totally hidden inside the South Point casino. And I never would have guessed that a place like this would exist in the South Point. Don't look for any signs telling you where it is. You just have to look for the unique door. And oh what a gem it is!We had a reservation, but arrived early and had no problems being seated early. In fact, it's a rather small, intimate space, and we were one of maybe 5 or so parties in the entire restaurant.It's totally old school. It's the type of place you've read about, but never actually seen. It's all red, plush, and vintage.Upon being seated, James O. was actually directed to sit next to me, instead of across from me. They definitely cater to the romantic night out.We were not given menus right away. Instead, our drinks orders were taken. (There is no drink menu, but the waitstaff will tell you what they have.) Then bread and veggies (complimentary) were brought to us. And our water glasses were filled. We talked and munched and took in the space. And then we were given menus. I really enjoyed this approach.The menus were unique for each person. James O. got the menu with the prices. I got the menu sans prices. While possibly sexist (especially since I was the one paying for this dinner), I found it a classy move. And frankly, I'm glad I didn't see the prices. I just might have freaked out and insisted on us sharing everything and not ordering all that we did. But then I would have missed out big time...We were attended to by at least three waitstaff. One who was the head and a couple of assistants. Our glasses were never close to empty and anything we wanted was predicted before we could even ask. Very classy, old school service. A total indulgence!We started with the caesar salad and french onion soup. The caesar salad was made tableside. Dressing and all was created right before our eyes. And it was a seriously fantastic salad. Even though James O. ordered the soup, they also brought me a spoon (note that they didn't bring him an extra fork like they did me for the salad - again, classy and able to predict what we wanted before we could voice it). The french onion soup was oh so incredibly divine! I literally let out a sigh as it dripped down my throat. So that's was french onion soup is actually supposed to taste like! Don't miss out - order this soup!For entrees, I had the special of the night, a bone-in filet mignon with mushroom sauce. James O. opted for the standard, on the menu, filet mignon (which automatically came with bernaise sauce). We also ordered the asparagus with hollandaise as a side. The steaks were partially prepared tableside, which was awesome. A love a live dinner show! And OMG the steaks were mouthwatering fab! Easily one of the best steaks I've ever had! (Even reheated the next night, it was yummy.) The asparagus was huge (I usually prefer the thinner stalks), but cooked to perfection and quite good. We ate slowly and uninterrupted. A fabulous, romantic meal that was completely delicious to boot!While we had to take half of our steaks to-go, we couldn't resist ordering dessert. We opted for the bananas foster (since again, I love a good tableside dinner show). And again, it was fabulous and exceeded expectations. I'm not even a big fan of bananas and I loved it. And then they brought out complimentary fruit (a HUGE bowl of it) and plate of chocolate-covered fruit. I don't think I've ever seen grapes that large. And the chocolate-covered fruit was perfection.From beginning to end, this was a fabulously perfect and romantic meal. We enjoyed and loved every minute of it. Sure, it's pricey. But you definitely get what you pay for. If you're looking for a wow meal, look no further. This is the type of restaurant that really conveys that classy, old school, Vegas-feel - especially in terms of service. Go here!
4	Great service. The William J Salad is amazing. A bit on the pricey side so only take a date if you are really looking to impress...you know, the kind of girls who will only hook up if they are treated to an amazing steak dinner after walking through a casino full of drunk rednecks and hobos.
4	Just finished a wonderful dinner. Husband and I shared the cream of fresh tomato soup. We also had this delicious sea bass. Excellent and classy food presentation. Had the best cosmopolitan...
5	My boyfriend surprised me and took me to Michael's for dinner and this was probably one of the BEST dining experiences that I have EVER HAD and truly one of a kind in Vegas!!!  We have lived here for almost 13 years and can't believe it took us this long to find this AMAZING place!!!  It has an old school feel and only the head of the table (usually the man) will get a menu with prices...and that may be a good thing because I suspect some people would pass out at this point.  The restaurant only seats 50 people and is intimate with Red Velvet everywhere.   The service is unmatched and this is an EXPERIENCE where from start to finish, you are treated like Royalty.  I would definitely sit back and enjoy the evening and savor every bite....this is not a restaurant where you come to "just have dinner".To start.....We ordered our drinks....they do not have a drink menu but the server will assist you in choosing the best wine, beer or cocktail.  Then the server brings a complimentary Bread Basket and a Crudite of beets, carrots, cucumbers and assorted pickles which were good.  We ordered our entrees and we ordered the Filet Mignon and the Fresh Sea Bass.  The Sea Bass was quite possibly the BEST Sea Bass that I have ever had.  It had a beautiful sear and was cooked to perfection and the Filet Mignon was also very good....although I do think that if you go to any high end steakhouse, you will get a great Filet.  In between courses, they bring you a sorbet with Dom Perignon to cleanse your palate and for the desert, they bring out a complimentary plate of chocolate dipped fruits and a fresh fruit bowl that you would expect to see in one of the high end Las Vegas Suites.  It is HUGE!!!  Overall, again, this was one of the best dining experiences that I have had!!
5	My husband took me here and I was blown away!  We have eaten at some of the best places on the strip and Michaels blows them away. This isnt just dinner but rather an experience.Very romantic and takes you back to the old Vegas service and dinner experience from the minute you walk in the door.
4	First, I would like to address the 1 star reviews you see. Notice how everyone in the review is complaining about 1 of 3 things:1. "It's old" yes! It's old!! The f-ing rat pack and many other old,glamorous people ate here. It's old Vegas. It has history. Grow the F up. Not everything is going to be new and be laced with "truffle oil" or Panko bread crumbed or be a fancy burger. 2. It's expensive-get your money up. Seriously. It's about an experience. If you don't want an experience and you want to tell all your friends about how you ate at "that guy on TV"s restaurant, then do so elsewhere! Stay on the strip. Be typical. 3. It has a dress code- sorry you can't wear your flip flops, board shorts, trucker hat, or whatever other crap our "lazy ass dressed down" society wears everywhere else. Again, it's time to grow the F up. Other people don't care that you can pay for the food. They don't want to sit next to you and see your crusty feet or stare at your disheveled mop. I am not old. I am not rich. I was raised to enjoy places like this and not take them for granted. That being said, I liked it. I like that they give the lady the menu without prices. I like that they bring you a pickle plate with crackers. I like that they cleanse your palette for the meal with a lemon sorbet w/ some Dom poured over. I like finger bowls after a meal. I like having my water cup filled after every sip. I like my food brought out to me like a show. I like complimentary chocolate covered fruit and a fruit bowl. I like knowing that I could take my time with all of the above and not be rushed out the door like the herd at Outback. We had:2 Vodka drinksShared a very large crab cakeThe lamb chopsThe lobsterBaked potatoCreamed cornCoffeeMichael's Banana Strawberry Cake$355The only thing I would do different:Order 1 entree to share(they are large) and skip dessert(unless u can share w/ like 4 other people). They are good but huge and the complimentary fruits and petite four at the end are perfect. So ignore the trendies w/ the 1 star reviews. Go experience it at least once for yourself.
5	This place rocks.First of all, it has an "old Vegas" vibe to it. Classy, relaxed, and the sort of place I imagine the Rat Pack used to visit while in Sin City. The ambience is thick cushioned seating, rich dark woods, and very rich feeling without being pretentious.The service is insanely attentive and polite. Friendly and courteous, the staff treat you with respect. They are friendly without being overly familiar, there are no "yukka yukka" antics that you see at other places. Just perfect service.The food portions are massive and plentiful and delicious. The food may not be the best, but it is worth the price and the service alone is worth the price.If you are looking for somewhere that makes you feel like you've stepped into classic Vegas, this is the place for you.Absolutely recommend!
5	yes, this is the greatest restaurant in Las Vegas and one of the best in America. experience it while you can.i would pay anything to get one of those chairs for my home dining room!
5	We finally had dinner there just last Friday.  It was a lot of fun - a complete throwback to a bygone era.  The prices are a bit more; however, there are a lot of extras that this goes to support.  The great crudite that begins the experience to the intermezzo served with a splash of Dom Perrion to the fruit bowl at the end.The table side Caesar is not to be missed and the lamb chops were delicious!  All in all a great place!!
3	Many things about Michael's are lovely. Like the marble-floored entrance, the big, comfortable wing backed chairs, and the O.G.red walls with low lighting. I'm a sucker for that stuff.Other nice touches are the absent prices on the ladies' menus, the champagne and sorbet palate cleanser, and the salad making and dessert flambe'-ing performed tableside by waiters dressed much better than the clientele. Dishes we loved were: the French onion soup, crab cake made with actual lump crab, authentic Caesar salad, and giant lobster carried out and presented on a silver platter that would have seated 3 children comfortably.Not so much: the veal was pretty mediocre, and the breading on the Francese was soggy and falling off. The scampi came with no pasta, and the Coquilles St. Jacques was not gratineed to a nice golden crust; rather the scallops were just plopped into a kind of gloppy cream sauce with mushrooms and a ring of what we hope were mashed potatoes around the rim. Nope.Martinis were served with the extra in glass pitchers; a nice touch if you like martinis.I prefer an icy cold Diet Coke myself, but they only had Pepsi products, and they were in bottles. Uh-oh, you know what that means. No free refills. I know this isn't a place you go when you're looking to stretch a dollar, but they were making an enemy of me, which isn't easy to do when you happen to be the proud possessors of a three story dessert cart. They kind of made up for it with the little tray of complimentary chocolate-dipped fruit, but who did they think they were kidding with that fruit basket? You might get a few die-hards nibbling on the grapes or cherries, but does anyone finish a five course meal and find their mouth watering at the sight of a big raw apple?! Talk about anti-climactic.Anyway, bottom line: Michael's has great old-school ambience and wonderful service. Some of the food is quite good, but when you are dropping close to $200 per person before tip, it needs to be great. All of it.
5	Perhaps the finest service in the country. The food is perfect and the setting spectacular. It's pricy, but worth the splurge for a special occasion. For those scoring at home, I had several samples off the relish tray while enjoying my Margarita, Caesar Salad prepared table side, Bone-In Filet with Port reduction sauce, Escalloped Potatoes, Cream Corn prepared table-side, Bananas Foster prepared table-side, and then they brought fruit dipped in chocolate. Great wine list, which we also enjoyed. If you like a decadent dining experience, this is a must-visit place the next time you're in Vegas.
3	Was kind of disappointed after a 1400 dollar bill for four people that I had to chew through the toughest sirloin I've ever eaten.I complained to the waiter who did nothing but justify the type of steak that it was. I already have my concerns with a sirloin because it's  the cheapest piece of meat on a cow and said to him that I was apprehensive in ordering in the first place. he said it was their best steak on the menu. At $92 I don't feel I should have eaten only half of it because it was so tough. he said he would mention it to the chef but he did not offer to do anything about it.  this is a one time experience at this restaurant I will continue to go to Vic and Anthony's were the steak is half the price and ten times better.
5	This is my ultimate "go to" place when I come into visit Las Vegas.  It is always the most wonderful dining experience anyone could ever have.  It is upscale, classy and the level of service is spectacular.  Not to mention the food is some of the best I have ever had.  What really makes the place is "Russell".  He is the assistant Maitre D.  He is kind, caring, attentive, extremely knowledgable and informative about everything on menu.  I have referred at least 4 people to give this place and try and they all have been impressed. I was just there 2 nights ago with three of my friends.  I was excited to hear that It was stone crab season.  You will never get bigger and tastier stone crab anywhere in this world.   Everything was wonderful.  Definitely worth trying.  You will LOVE it!!!
5	Wifey and I travel allot, we always search out unique places for the experience and quality food. Michaels is the best at everything they do. First and foremost, it is not "trendy". There are no fries covered with toppings, there is no Pork Belly glazed with Maple or God knows what. There is however some of the freshest fish, best beef and salads anywhere along with outstanding service. It is very old school and the Waiters are the best we have seen. Dinner here starts with a wonderful Garnish tray that among other things include Quail Eggs, Olives, Pickles, Cucumbers and Beats. They also give you toasted Dark Bread with Parmesan cheese, and crackers, etc.On this particular visit, I ordered the Live Maine Lobster. This thing was a Monster, huge. Cooked to perfection, I selected broiled. They dress the Lobster table side. I also had the French Onion soup, the best I've ever had. The sides were Cream Corn and a Baked Potato. I could go on and on, but one must try this place, you will love it. One last thing, dress nice, there is a dress code and bring your money. On this visit, there were 5 of us, $1500.00. And I can't wait to go back.
5	Love this restaurant!!! Very old school Vegas... The way restaurants should be! I usually get the Filet  Mignon when I eat here and it's amazing!  The staff and service are beyond amazing!  The Banana Fosters is a must have for dessert: ) even though everything on the dessert cart looks amazing!!!!
