4	Visiting Pittsburgh for my niece's graduation and stopped here for a quick smoke. Very nice and the owner Rachel is very friendly and knowledgable of cigar brands. I'll definitely be back!
5	I had a mission today. Go for a run (for the first time in many weeks). On that run, I knew there was a smoke shop on Forward Avenue in Pittsburgh. My uncle Dom turns 65 today and I wanted to bring him something (his wife, my Aunt Barb, is hosting a cook out). Well, when I think of Uncle Dom, I think of cigars.Low and behold, Maduro Smoke Shop is open 7 days a week and owner, Rachel Springer was in to cater to my novice cigar buying ways. I told her all of the above and that I do not know what type of taste or strength he tends to buy. She said to get one in the middle. That makes sense! She then asked for a price range. I said that I had no clue, but $20 was fine... I assumed the best probably went at $40+ a piece. She said $20 could get me an excellent cigar. Check out her custom made business cards (all complete with a witty slogan on the front). I just love small business owner's who know their ish. Ms. Springer, thanks for making my day that much easier.
1	We came here looking for glass. They don't carry it here, which is fine and not the reason for the low rating. Just a heads-up for anyone else looking for same.Upon being informed that they didn't have any glassware, one of my friends went to use their restroom. Immediately upon closing the door, the (I presume) owner screeched, literally screeched, that the bathroom was "for paying customers only!" and that he had best "get out of there before [she] kicked the door in." Needless to say, he zipped up and we beat a hasty retreat.The thing is, we all use tobacco to greater or lesser degrees. Left to my own devices, I almost certainly would I've bought something, maybe some snuff or some expensive cigarettes, I don't know. I can't say for certain because we were only on the premises for about forty-five seconds before we were told to leave in no uncertain terms. She lost all of our sales in one fell swoop, and any future sales she might have had. Avoid this place if you plan on browsing for any amount of time, and God help you if you come in with a full bladder.
5	I have been going to Maduro for 3 years, from when I just started smoking cigars. Rachel has always been very knowledgeable and friendly. She remembers just about everyone who comes in. She'll quickly get to know your likes and dislikes, and will help you when you want to try something new. Besides the store having an excellent selection, there is a great lounge area, with comfortable chairs and a couple of TVs. I've been to larger and smaller shops, and none compare with the "at home" feeling of Maduro Smoke Shop.
1	Worst service I walked in for rolling filters and the owners pit bull was ready to attack me because I reek of terrance. She was rude immediately. I mentioned  my dog but still treated me like I was a robber. Great way to assume something. RUDE!!
3	Not bad, decent selection of cigars. They didnt take CCs when I came in which was pretty annoying.
