4	This place loses a star for well... scrappiness. I have been going to all the Big Apple restaurants forEVER!! I love this place. It's serious comfort food! I dig the beef ribs, they're all you can eat and they'll ask you if you want more. I can never handle more than two platefulls. However... if you get a cool server and are polite, they just might let u take ur leftovers home! :D I like the  meals, seriously - I do. But they come with so many SIDES!! It's overwhelming! So what I usually do is ask for a double salad and skip the corn & baked beans. they're not that great anyway... the beans that is. But I know a lot of ppl who love the hell out of them, but they're not me.
4	5 stars for service...our waiter on a slow Tuesday afternoon, right after the lunch rush, was a funny guy and pretty good at his job. As well, my friend and I never wanted for refills on our Dr. Pepper, which is the one true way to my heart at any restaurant.3 stars for the food, which frankly, wasn't all that great but that may have been due to what I ordered more than anything else (Blue Moon burger). To be honest, I've had better cheeseburgers from Denny's (see my review, LOL) but I guess that isn't the draw here...my friend's beef brisket sandwich looked and smelled delicious and there's plenty more  items on the menu to choose from next time.Of course, I must reiterate that since there isn't much in the way of decent dining in the neighborhood my friend and I work in (she about 5 blocks west, myself about 3), this place will definitely get a second chance not too long from now.
4	Having grown up in this neighborhood, I've been going to Bill Johnson's for decades. One of my fondest childhood memories are the late night visits after the Phoenix Roadrunner games for Deep Dish Apple Pie. In fact, I would probably have to say that getting a personal pie the size of my head, topped with ice cream is what started my love affair with food!BJs is consistent. Their hamburgers are tasty, their fries are crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside, their ribs are fall of the bone good, and their chicken fried steak rivels my moms.The wait staff is attentive and conscientious as drinks are seldom allowed to get below the halfway mark. All in all its a friendly place that is good for families and singles alike.
1	Had to wait for 5 minutes until the hostess finished her crossword puzzle to be seated. The inside smelled more like a plastic factory than a restaurant. The chicken fried steak brought back memories of chicken fried steak day in elementary school - tasted more like something from a plastic factory than a restaurant.
4	Chicken fried steak and a bloody mary are a wonderful start to the day, especially when you may kind of sort of drank just a little too much the night before. Another thing that helps to numb the throbbing of that situation, which I assure you I hardly ever encounter, is the casual atmosphere. I mean, there are wood chips on the floor, so you can't contribute more to the mess. Right? All kidding aside, Bill Johnson's Big Apple is a solid stand-by when we want something filling and unpretentious. Nothing will really invoke an awakening here, but this isn't church (even though you may be privy to a Sunday sermon...but those guys are really harmless and who couldn't use a little God with their breakfast?)
4	What a great restaurant! It has lots of conversational pieces on the walls without being really tacky. The building has a ton of history and it's really interesting. The waitresses are always super sweet. I've never had one that wasn't funny and nice and very attentive. My family comes here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. It's rare that a restaurant has great food in all three categories.  The only problem I have is that EVERY single time I ask for something without cheese...it comes with cheese anyways. I'm not one for sending food back so then I'm forced to take medicine and bear a stomachache. Bill Johnsons just really wants me to endure dairy I guess.
1	I guess my family and I came on a bad night: as we've been there dozens of times before and considered ourselves "regulars.".  Slow service, one steak was tough, waitress didn't come by to check on us until after we were through.   These things happen in the restaurant business...I understand that.  The problem is that when I told the waitress the one partially-eaten $18 steak was tough, she went to the manager who sent her back with a coupon for a piece of pie, which I felt was insulting.  No apology from either the waitress or the manager...who didn't even bother to come over.    I stuck the pie coupon in my left-over mashed potatoes and we all stormed off!  I'd give them another chance, but my wife won't...end of an era for our family.  BTW I sent them a friendly "these things can happen" email, but no one bothered to get back to me.
5	Went in here for a quick lunch, came out very satisfied! A tender melt in the mouth medium rare sirloin really makes me can't wait to get back to this restaurant, and their fresh clam chowder soup is perfection! You can't get enough of it! When you first walk into this restaurant you will notice the Wild Wild West mark everywhere, surrounded with lots of antiques! My fav is their personal made lantern that they put in every side of the ceiling! It was lovely! I definitely will be back for that steak and more!
5	crystal, manager and lisa/jennifer are awesome!thursday nights are $12 all you can eat ribs and it's a great deal!their peach iced tea and apple pie are yummy!
1	I visited this location after my boyfriend suggested it as a place he went to as a kid. We will Never return. This was the worst BBQ I have ever had. I had the pulled pork platter and it seemed as though it had been sitting under a heat lamp all day and was like eating bbq leather shoelaces. The beans that come with the meal were no good and neither of us could eat the mashed potatoes that came with the meal as they tasted musty,like they did not use fresh potatoes. The bast thing about the meal was his salad and the chicken and rice soup that tasted like campbells. The waitress wasn't very concerned and still tried to offer us dessert after we said we didnt like the food.  I was charged full price for both meals even after we stated we were disappointed. We had a four hour drive home still hungry after a disgusting 33.00 dinner. Save yourself time,money,and disappointment and DO NOT eat here.
2	Well, don't order the fried chicken nor the mashed potatoes nor the cherry pie Ala mode. Really disappointed tonight. Their breakfasts have always been so good so I guess I will just stick to that.
1	Bad choice for a lunch.  Went there with family after a graduation and it was not what we were told to expect.  Waited 15 minutes to get seated.  No one else was waiting.  Only 1 person to do it all.  After seated it was 20 minutes our order was finally taken.  When the foold finally arrived we were instantly disappointed.  We ordered pork sliders.  It was tough and covered in lots of BBQ sauce.  All 3 sliders were leather tough. The side order of slaw was so heavy in mayo you could not taste the anything.  The Rubin was just a basic sandwich and nothing to brag ab out.  All in all it ws a very expensive $50.00 lunch that was not so worth it.  Should have went across the street to McDonalds it would have cost less, been better service and tasted much better.
4	We first came to Phoenix for the weekend, we came across Bill Johnson's BBQ place and couldn't get enough of it.  We've since bought his BBQ sauce many a times while visiting the area.  Today we decided to try breakfast, so we stopped in and found the place almost empty.  I got a very hearty breakfast, with biscuits and gravy, scrambled eggs and hash browns.  Overall, a good meal, and great service.  Very quaint western theme place.  Feels very nostalgic!
4	Stay with me.  It's gonna be an 8 second bull ride to my opinion on Big Apple West in 2013.  On the way, it's all about cowpersons and Native Americans in the modern age.  If you're a visitor to the Phoenix metro area, you'll have fun and American Comfort Food at the Big Apple.Some years ago, the University of Arizona hosted trips to the San Carlos Apache Reservation to show stockmen and agricultural extension agents how successful livestock associations worked.  A bus load of African visitors, passing though Anchor 7, saw some Apache cowboys tending to cows and calves at a water hole.  One got extremely excited, pointing and shouting to his companions and the bus in general, "Cowboy Indians!  Cowboy Indians!"  In his Hollywood-framed point of reference, a Native American person in boots, jeans, tee-shirt and straw hat, roping and branding a calf could not exist.  Reality opened his eyes that afternoon.  It was entertaining to me.  Yes Virginia, there are Cowboy Indians.  Many of them, when in town, stop by Big Apple for a meal.  A British friend of mine, professor at ASU, loved all things western.  A fun outing he and his family never tired of were trips to Rawhide.  He loved th drama of the showdown.   Once again I learned people from other parts of the world sometimes have a fascination with the American west.   I also know tourism brings about a billion bucks a year to Coconino County, many of those tourists arriving via Sky Harbor.  One Thanksgiving Day on the North Rim of the Grand Canyon I counted seven languages, English was number eight.  If you're from another nation and want a taste of The Non-Vegan American west, stop by Big Apple fer some grub.    I know a little about these things.  My grandmother grew up on ranches in Oklahoma and Texas, told me stories of our ancestors, and cooked the ranch and farm recipes she learned from her mother and sisters.  Her mother died when she was 11, she was taken in by a sister to raise nieces and nephews on a New Mexico homestead.  Her brother-in-law died, leaving a wife, a girl and three babies fending for themselves in eastern New Mexico.  That's way too much personal info.  I know a little about The West.  Some other years ago, a newspaper article stated the Phoenix Metro area had a 75% turnover rate.  Not that 75% of the population ate turnovers, but that 75% of the populace left after a few years baking in Arizona summers.  I checked 2011 Census information, and 75% of us stay put in the Phoenix Metro area.  I assume 75% of us know about Bill Johnson's Big Apple.  There's good news for we locals.   The Big Apple now serves breakfast all day long, focuses on buying local, and the breakfast menu is very good.  This morning we stopped by Big Apple West for brunch, finding a menu able to satisfy most palates at many price points.  We could go big like most Cowboy Indians and get chicken fried steak, eggs, biscuits and sausage gravy, sausage, ham, bacon or chorizo, We could go contemporary Spinach and mushroom or Farm Fresh Veggie omelets, pancakes and waffles of various types.  Eggs by Hickman's, chorizo by Schreiner's, other ingredients by  local businesses and suppliers.  They're all listed at the bottom of the remade menu.  The Big Apple is a great location to put on your breakfast rotation.  If you're a visitor from elsewhere looking for a taste of the west, try Bill Johnson's Big Apple.
4	The waitstaff were kind and a gentleman with a (boston?) accent was quite helpful and friendly as well! The food was fantastic. My husband says the food was "amazing" as well. We would definitely hit the place again!
1	Never again. Small portions and food was not too good. They somehow managed to give me a dry medium rare steak! The steak fries were good but I'm sure they don't cut them there. There were 10 in our party and we were all admiring the kids food cause they at least seemed to be enjoying their chicken fingers and grilled cheese.
4	This is one of 4 locations I have frequented over the years.  The one on Bell now being closed.  I have always liked the food, mostly going for breakfast but with the occasional lunch tossed in.  This trip around I got a Smokehouse grilled cheese sandwich which has ham, bacon, turkey, tomato, bbq sauce and some cheese.  I was stuffed.  The service was friendly as always.
5	This place has been a favorite of mine since the late 1980's.  When my ex hubby and I came over for races at Manzanta Speedway, all of the teams, drivers, crews and fans crowded into the Big Apple for the after the race meal.  When I split from my ex hubby and moved over here, this place has been one of my faves to go to.  The last time I was there, with my current hubby, we had the appetizer sampler w/the pig wings and candied bacon.  OMG they are yummy.  I've never been disappointed in the Big Apple in the many years I've been coming.  We've gone there for breakfast, lunch and dinner and it's all terrific.  I highly recommend this place if you have a hunger for western BBQ.  Don't forget to take home a jar or two of the BBQ sauce!
1	Closed permanently don't bother.
3	Bill Johnson's has been out family's go-to restaurant since it opened in this location. Here's the thing. Since their family has been having their feud, the food has taken a dive. Prices have gone up, long time menu items have been eliminated, and the experience has been changed. Lots of the old timers keeping this location alive were chased off, and regulars like me no longer felt welcome. Waitresses even complained to me about the negative working conditions that corporate was implementing. They tried so hard to attract a hip crowd that they lost the tried and true. This location is closed, and probably will always be. I hear the CEO granddaughter got chased out by the board-maybe this will be the shot in the arm they need to restore their quality and continue their kitschy, Arizona image.
