5	this is by far one of my most favorite restaurants in las vegas.  Ever since discovering this place about 3-4 years ago, i have always been coming back.  this isn't your high end japanese restaurant.   the decor is simple, the prices are very reasonable, the food is extensive and excellent, and the place is great place to be merry.  right when you walk in you are greeted in japanese and when you leave your thanked in japanese.  the workers there all seem to be young students.  there are so many dishes to choose from.  the only thing i can do is tell you about what i always order: 1) menu items:  kushi-katsu - crunchy breaded pork w/lemony teriyaki dip; ika yaki - broiled squid;  ichiza ramen noodles - yummy; seaweed salad; beef tataki - rare beef slice to dip in a ponzu-dailkon radish mixture (sublime); kim chee fried rice; and a sashimi plate w/ tuna, albacore, mackerel, yellow tail, salmon, octopus, and squid. 2) non-menu items (sheets of paper that have daily/common specials are posted over the walls)  monk fish liver, fried smelt (my most favorite b/c the eggs are cooked in the belly), and beef cubes in ponzu sauce.  yeah, there are a lot of dishes that i like, but im so impressed that ichiza's has not disappointed me for the many times i've been there.  They have large group seating areas, which i've enjoyed many times with friends and family eating and drinking up cold sake, sake bombs, and japanese beer.  i really recommend their house cold sake, so much better and smoother than drinking it warm.  i've been there a many nights till closing leaving with my belly full and ridiculously buzzed from all the sake we drank.   i always have to put this on the itinerary of any of my visiting friends and family that come to las vegas.  that's how much i love and trust this place.  anybody who knows me, can back me up for whatever say about this restaurant b/c most likely i've taken them there....additional note...don't think that this restaurant is one of those upscale dress up places b/c of the amount of stars i gave it.  it gets five stars b/c all around it's hella awesome!!!
5	My Vegas go to man brought me here - it's on the top of his list, so he has to always bring us out-of-towners there! I've been there a couple of times already and can definitely tell you this is one of those joints for only the locals.  No tourists would be venturing out over here.  All that much better!  When looking at the bar and all the special menu items posted on the wall, it can be quite difficult when deciding what to order.  So, when in doubt, let the expert go at it.I fondly remember the fried smelt (less than $3 for three fish).  These plump babies are loaded up 'cuz their eggs are still sitting inside of them.  And with a little bit of salt and some fresh lemon juice, yum yum!  And who doesn't love ankimo?!  Monkfish liver that melts in your mouth...ahhhh...I love ankimo!  I've tried a bunch of other things there like the red snapper carpaccio with ikura, ramen noodles, the beef tataki w/ lemon juice, fresh oysters on the half shell w/ ponzu sauce (2 for $4.25), seaweed salad, and the beef cubes.  I don't remember anything bad about the place, but just good food with good company.The first time I went, they had those fancy Japanese toilets with all those buttons to try out.  I attempted to use it but had no luck.  On my last visit, their special toilet was no longer there!  =(  I guess too many people were having way too much fun with it and it went into retirement.  If possible, go with a large group and sit in the back where you have to take your shoes off to swing your feet under the table.  And this way, you can also order a lot more random things and share them with everyone.  It makes it all that much merrier.  Overall, pretty extensive menu...I think I want some of that fried smelt roe just about now!  Bring it!Updated: 10/10/06 - They also offer a FREE membership card.  You get 5% off whenever you dine there when you bring this card and it eventually adds up to 10-15% off your bill for next time.I also like getting the Agedashi Tofu soup.  It's light and delicate without being overly infused with the bonito flakes.  Yum yum!The salmon skin salad was okay.  The dressing overpowers the salmon skin, so you can't taste a whole lot.  I wouldn't bother getting it again.  The deep fried crabs are a plate of baby crabs with an aioli type dipping sauce.  An interesting taste and a nice crunch! Side note: They give you a wet towelette thing and that will be your napkin for the entire meal.  Don't bother looking around for regular paper napkins here!Updated: 11/27/06 - I recently tried the okra with natto (less than $3).  First off, the idea of natto grosses me out.  The texture alone is nasty, and the smell...geez, that's a whole other subject.  Since it was my dining partner's first time w/ the stuff, I suggested he give it a go at some a cheap price.  It comes with thin slices of fresh okra, seaweed slivers, and hot mustard on the side.  Overall, I would not recommend it unless you're a fan of this stuff.  I definitely am not one. Blah.  Also, the last two times I went, they were out of the lovely ankimo!  Argh!Updated: 01/24/07 - I changed my ratings from four stars to five because I find myself craving the fried smelt roe more often than not.  And Ichiza has apparently become my comfort restaurant to turn to when I can't decide where else to go.  I have only been to one other izakaya, and that was Musha in Torrance, CA.  How can this place not be special?Updated: 06/12/07 - Went back the past weekend after a few month hiatus.  They were out of uni and ankimo!  Argh!  But we had the beef tongue - tasty, and gotta eat it when it's hot; minced spanish mackerel on cucumber - fresh, lots of flavors on your palatte, fried garlic - put salt on it instead of the miso, and oh-so good!, tartar yellowtail - with avocado, crisp things, and salsa - refreshing flavors and light, and honey toast - they need more bread chunks, but yummy!  (They had a few new dishes that were listed in Japanese.  If you ask the waitresses or owner to translate, they'll try their best!  Be daring and give it a go!)Update! 08/06/07 - Out of ankimo again!  Argh!  But they do have a soft shell crab appetizer that comes with a ponzu dipping sauce and Japanese mayonnaise.  It's a fatty crab with lots of meat!  Yum!  Their red snapper carpaccio is a bit different, it comes with olive oil, tomatoes, and mozzarella!  Update! 10/09/07 - Where the heck is all the ankimo?!  Argh!  Brought some out-of-town guests to Ichiza to experience where the locals eat.  Ate all the standard stuff, of course.  New thing tried here - live scallop.  I warn you now, don't sniff the squiggly things...it may turn you off!  But the scallop slices dipped in ponzu sauce is oh so tasty.  Also shared a ramen bowl.  I'm personally not a big fan of ramen (it's a filler), so I'll pass on it.  Everyone else seemed to swallow it down without any problems! =)(I added some photos of my eats above!)
5	This is about as close to an authentic Japanese izakaya as you'll find anywhere. And I'm talking countrywide.  I've been to several izakaya in Japan over the years and this place just brings me back there immediately.   My japanese buddy in San Francisco is jealous of this place to give you a little perspective on my claim.  The food is incredible and you'll find yourself hard pressed to try everything they have to offer as new items come and go all the time.  I recommend damn near everything on the menu.  If something scares you, ORDER IT, and you'll be pleasently surprised everytime.  If you do try this place, make sure you get a members card, as you will definately be returning.  For every 5$ you spend you get a stamp.  The initial card saves you 5%, fill it up and you save 10%, fill up a second card and you save 15%.  This is permanent by the way, you can use it for every visit.  SO GO THERE ALREADY, and I'll most likely see you there as I am there 4-5 times a week.
5	I think these other reviewers have all the bases covered!I give this place a rare 5 star only because it has no other competition to speak of in Las Vegas, as far as I know. I have lived in Torrance, Tokyo and now live in West LA (near Sawtelle of course!), so I think I know a thing or two about Izakayas.  This place even has the specials on the wall and runs out of things as the night goes on like a proper Japanese place always does.I think a lot of people have caught on to this place too, since it was pretty busy.  I think it is a good idea to make reservations.  I had made some, but arrived an hour early.  This place is really tiny, so if you make reservations, be so kind as to show up, because they actually put a sign up and keep standby customers waiting.I am pretty tired of Hamada, that Japanese place in Bally's near the sportsbook or Sushi King (still sad to see that place go... sad to see the great Stardust shutdown in general) for my Japanese fix.  It is nice to have a pretty good alternative.  Incidentally, I found this place by looking in the phone book.  I just avoided all the Japanese restaurants that had tacky names that a normal Japanese restaurant would never use, such as "Shogun", "Samurai", "Sumo" or similar names.One last thing, the prices are pretty reasonable as Izakayas go.  I went crazy and ordered a bunch of meat dishes such as gyu-tataki, shiro-maguro-tataki, katsu-o tataki (seeing a theme here?), a few drinks and bunch of other things for three and the bill was still around $100.  I was stuffed to the gills.  And yes, I do have a very hearty appetite.
5	Itadakimasu! It's exactly how you feel when you walk into this quaint little place above Tea Planet. Yes....you would never know it was here except for the sounds of fun and mmm mmm smells of Japanese goodness. Ichiza is definitely a jewel  hidden in Vegas. There's nothing more authentic than Ichiza. I just like saying it...Ichiza Ichiza Ichiza.I have taken and introduced people to this place and they have all agreed how fun it is. Not your typical, "yea dude let me get a California Roll" or your run of the mill Chicken Teriyaki. That's not Japanese. We're looking at Mmm mmm broiled squid, and Katsu, real Ramen Noodles - Mmmm tampopo! Kirin Ichiban on draft! I love the Veggie tempura bowls where there's just a nest of veggies over rice with real teriyaki sauce. How can you go wrong? YEA! You won't find your typical teppanyaki chef there making onion volcanos.  Sure there's things here that white people may cringe upon like the gizzard skewers...or even beef tongue....Sweet fried garlic with Natto(a fermented soybean).....The service is a little slow. I figure it's because the place is usually really busy. I like having a place to go to in the middle of the night that can make me feel all warm and fuzzy....and that's not from the Kirin.  If you have enough room. You gotta try the honey toast. It takes some time so order it when you're halfway finished. It's Japanese Toast (like half a loaf of bread) partially hollowed out with butter....honey....and vanilla ice cream. Simple, delicious....and to the point. I definitely enjoy the Ramen, jalepeno fried rice - yakitori - and the grilled squid...Oooo and grilled makerel, black cod in miso....so much to choose from!This place can fit anyone's budget. The ambiance is traditional japanese, with pictures and specials on the walls, there's a group area that you can sit, but you gotta take your shoes off. The bar is great because you can watch them cook in the kitchen. Overall - a must go place.If you're a regular here - Get your Ichiza stamp card for a discount.
5	I have been using Yelp for restaurant ideas now for several months, but have never been moved to write a review until tonight.  Tonight, there was no way that I would pass up this opportunity to rave about the first true Izakaya tavern that I have found here in Las Vegas.I have never even heard of Izakaya taverns until a good friend of ours introduced us to Musha in Torrance, CA and it's been a whirlwind love affair since then.  I love the casual, Authentic Japanese atmosphere of these places.  From the entire restaurant staff greeting you with a hearty "Irashaimashite!" as you walk in to the almost-guaranteed "we'll see you next time!"  It's never a goodbye, as they know that you will be back..... oh yes, you WILL be back.   There is just that special feeling that you get when you go to an Izakaya tavern.And it was no different for me this time around.  At first we were leery of this place, seeing as how we have never heard of it until I did a Google search for "Izakaya Vegas".  But the fact that the first hit was a review on Yelp with multiple 5-star recommendations, there was no way I was going to be swayed by my belief that there is no such thing as "Genuine" in Las Vegas.   Am I ever glad that we did.  This place brought back such fond memories of the fun that we had with our friends at Musha.  From the Buta Kakuni to the broiled beef tongue and the Garlic butter clams, this place had everything that I liked Including more reasonable pricing!  Dishes ranged from $1.75 for assorted single skewered meats (Beef tongue, chicken wings, chicken balls) to around $8.95+  for the sashimi plates, with most items ranging in the $4-$5 range.For our first visit, we tried out the:-Shisyamo Age - which are crisp deep fried smelt(3 pieces) stuffed with roe - Boneless and absolutely delicious with either the provided salt or some asked-for ponzu.-Beef Tataki - Tender seared beef slices dipped in Ponzu-Yamakake - Tuna sashimi with Yam Potato and some slimy stuff that I just could not identify (I liked it, but people who judge food by texture may be turned off by it. - Not for everybody)-Vegetable Croquettes - Mashed potatoes, veggies, wrapped in panko and fried until the outside is crisp and crunchy while the inside if hot and well.... mashed potatoe'y?  kind of like a breaded and deep fried Sheperd's Pie, I suppose.- Broiled Black Cod - The Hands-Down star of tonight's dinner.  Yummy buttery black cod with a sweet tangy marinade and the skin broiled to a crisp ... absolutely delightful.- Kushi-Tan - Broiled beef tongue on a skewer - The staple of every Izakaya tavern I've ever been to.  A Squeeze of lemon and you're good to go.- Kaku-ni - Pork Belly, simmered for hours in mirin, shoyu, sugar etc. until it's chopstick-tender and practically melts in your mouth.  Can sometimes be really fatty because of the cut of the meat, but lucikly ours was fairly lean, maybe we got lucky, or maybe they select leaner cuts?  Guess I'll have to order it again next time to find out!  a small bowl of rice is a must.- And the clencher - Bacon wrapped Mochi on a stick. Broiled to a crisp, yet chewy .... and bacon'y .....  and mochi'y ... it's freaking mocchi and bacon, how else would you describe it? ... you need to try this for yourself if you're adventurous enough, or just hate your heart.Ichiza is definitely an instant favorite and a must-visit for all of my out-of-town buds.
5	Okay, I really don't need to write a review on Ichiza. 11 reviews, all five stars ... n'est pas ncessaire.  I just want to say, fellow Ichiza enthusiasts, I concur.I will recommend the chicken 'n egg bowl. That is all. Over 'n out. *click*
4	Good service and great food. We drank and ate a TON of food and our bill was $60. Things we ate that we would order again.The Ramen with the pork kakuniMonk fish pate with cucumbers and seaweed.Beef TatakiKIMCHI & PORK STIR FRY WAS THE BOMB!The charashi roll-- I freakin loved the shiso in this roll!!--------------------------------------------------Since I wrote this review, I've been back 3 more times and I have down graded my 5 star review to a 4 star because of the service. This place is still da bomb but the service here is spotty. Drink your beer and order two more because they ain't comin' back to check. You want more sake? Good luck. Come here with patience and a flask.
5	Awesome!  I ate here on Sunday 3/25/07... Jimmy's Tip:  Don't come here for sushi...I was on my wife's Blackberry searching for SUSHI in the remaining 3 hours i had before my 8PM flight back to SFO.  I didn't want to eat on the strip and I didn't want to eat at a restaurant I've tried before.  Doing a search for "sushi" in Las Vegas on yelp! brought up Ichiza in the top 10 listings.  The 13 reviews all with 5 STAR ratings set very high expectations.  So I recommended it to my cousins and wife that we try this place out.  I'm so glad we did because the food was excellent, the service was fast and friendly, and the prices reasonable!!! Our party of 4 adults and 1 two-year old tried a lot for $85.   I had and enjoyed the:Beef Curry ~$6.00 Okra Tempura - $4.50Aspara-Bacon - ~$4.00 (?)Green Tea Ice CreamSapporo Large I would absolutely return!!!  It's worth the trip!more laters...
5	Tasty Japanese tapas, reasonably priced, local lore.   Definitely not a tourist trap, and definitely beat all the touristy food locations on the Strip.   There was a host of things to try including menu items written on the walls.  Somethings are a little on what some might consider the bit experimental side:  bits of this animal and that animal, e.g. beef tongue.  Still i had a great experience.  One thing they should do is take all the items on the wall, and incorporate those into the menu cause there were far too many and some were out of range to see.  My favorites were the bbq squid, the hamachi nachos, and the tofu salad (the exact dish name I can't remember).  We ordered pretty much everything we wanted to eat and then some including sake and the final price per person was only $33 each.  I think this place beats a lot of the places on the Strip hands down.  Taxi drives don't know about this place so be prepared to provide directions and an address when you go.  It was about a $10 cab ride from the Strip.  Service was definitely friendly and attentive.
5	Super tasty, great variety, and the service is wonderful.  The waitresses were very nice, answered our questions, and didn't avoid our table when it was clear that we ordered in rounds (4 rounds of orders in total).  We tried things we normally don't get, like beef tongue.  Didn't try the sushi.The ambiance was nice and a bit trendy without being intimidating.  Our meal for three came out to about $50 for about eight plates and one glass of house sake.Oh, late night people note: They're open until 3 am (except on Sunday when they close at 2:30).  We'll be coming here for late night refuels next time we're in town.  I only wish they made copies of the "wall specials" so you can examine them at your table instead of standing behind someone to read the signs.
5	I picked this place based solely on Yelp reviews, as we were looking to feed a large party.  We wanted excellent food but given the size of our party and the length of our stay - we wanted to keep the cost economical on at least one evening.Ichiza was perfect.I think I'd have to go back 40 times to even believe I tried everything.  Everything that we ordered was great food, fresh and tasty.... and unusual, too.  Starting with the beef tongue skewers, which I deliberately called beef skewers to my friends, were very good and most ate theirs even after they knew what it was, though some of them chickened out, as expected.  Uni-topped ricecakes wrapped in seaweed, tofu salad, bbq squid, hamachi dishes galore, and other terrific things.  Our server made a few recommendations too, as there was simply no way for us to pick, given the huge variety of items up on the wall and on our menus.Our party of 14 did have to sit a bit parted, in two tables next to one another, in an area to the side where you take your shoes off  to sit down.  It was intimate enough, but would have been nicer if it was one large table, but it IS a small restaurant, so....My table, which consisted of 6 people, had a separate bill.  We ordered a LOT of food, and we were stuffed to the gills by the time we left.  We also ordered at least 5 or 6 bottles of unfiltered sake.... which my friends pounded like it Gatorade.  All in all - between the six of us, with all that food and alcohol, it merely came to $33 per person.  Economical, indeed.Ichiza, while located far from the strip on the second floor of a "Chinatown" strip mall - - is definitely worth a visit on your trip to Vegas.  Excellent food, friendly and casual atmosphere, and good service.  It's guaranteed to be a good evening.FYI:  Do NOT use the website to make reservations.  Being the worrywart that I can be, I called a few days after having made web reservations to confirm my party's reservation was indeed existent.  Good thing I did, too, because they had no record of it.  I am not sure what happened, but I then proceeded to freak out and ask if we can still come in on Friday and they said that was perfectly fine.  So if you are going here with a large party and plan to make reservations - -  pick up the phone and call.  Do NOT use their website....
3	ichiza = sake bombs + yakitori! (:it reminds me of the yakitori place at st.marks place (near nyu) but the downfall of this lovely little hole is that word spreads...which means more traffic, more people (good for ichiza's owners)...but that also means, wait lines, no seats, and cranky, hungry elizabeth o. smoking an entire pack out on the balcony...i liked ichiza over the summer when all the international unlv students went back home, and i didn't have to wait! so i hardly go there anymore on the weekends because it's so crazy hectic in there these days. if it's slowing down, please tell me otherwise; it's been a while...i miss those summer daze.
5	Saw a lot of good reviews and decided to try it out...LOVE THE FOOD!!!....I love that it is authentic Japanese...I try pot stickers, sashimi and ramen...all taste so good...the sashimi was very fresh...prices are not bad too...One of my favorite place to eat...=)
4	This place is alright.  There's a lot of stuff to order which isn't even listed on the menu that's given to you.  You just kind of have to look around at the food that's written on the pieces of paper all around the place.  It can get a bit crowded, and it's hard to sit if you have a lot of people in your group.  The food is pretty small portion wise thought it's not bad.  I actually thought the baby soft shell crab was interesting.  I have no idea what the names of the foods were since I arrived a bit late so sorry about that, but nothing was that bad or great even.  It was good though.  The sake and beer prices aren't too bad either since that's what I like doing... drinking!  It's an okay place to chill, but a bit small for my taste.
5	This is one of the best Japanese spots I have ever been to.  The place is simple but the menu is nothing close to simple.  Ichiza has a plethoraor interesting plates and tapas of Japanese creations.  The fish is fresh but come here for more than sushi/sashimi.  You will find plates that you have never seen here and will want it to be your last dish.
2	OK guys! This is a solid Yelp-recommended kappo place. I really loved the overall experience, up until the very end, when suddenly I got one unexpected & unfortunate issue with it. When we finished dinner (we had ordered a huge load of food and paid about $57 per person, for 2 people, incl. a good 18% tip) we exited the restaurant and the predominantly Japanese staff didn't say a simple thank you. The Japanese host (manager?) saw us leaving, turned a blind eye and continued chatting with the waitress as if we didn't exist.I regret giving you a lower rating (I initially intended a 5) but I am an emotional and spoiled client- I got upset... I'm half Japanese... I know it is not written on my (Caucasian) face, but I am. My appearance is not an excuse for anyone to forget to say a simple "thank you" especially when it's part of the Japanese cultural code. As we all know. Even a Korean-owned Japanese restaurant in LA area is trying to always say "Arigato Gozaimasu" (with a heavy accent, but still, polite and respectful). I never had an experience where Japanese nationals operating a restaurant- in the US or in Japan- disregarded this centuries-old cultural rule.OK... the tantrum is over now, guys- sorry. Yelp is all about being subjective and emotional about our experiences- and it is exactly what I am doing. I wish that I had the desire to write more about the food rather than freaking out regarding a cultural issue...In spite of the "shitsurei"- hopefully an isolated incident without any mean attitude or intentions behind it- I DO RECOMMEND this restaurant as one of the good Nihon-ryori restaurants in Las Vegas. Also, conveniently, it is open quite late. Maybe other Yelpers who are less spoiled or less familiar with Japanese customs (not expecting as much from their experience) will really have a blast.
5	Thank goodness for YELP. I wouldn't have discovered this restaurant without all the good reviews about it. I love tastings of different  dishes when I dine out. Ichiza has quality tapas size dishes at very reasonable prices. For those reasons, this is now my favorite Japanese restaurant. The BF and I shared:uni w/ponzugrilled squid yellowtail, salmon, mackerel, tuna, albacore sashimi combogrilled smelt roe - fellow yelpers influence :) fried oyster - I was craving the fresh oysters, but they were out :(shrimp fried rice beef tatakibeer  calpico shu=========$70The sashimi and uni were very fresh. After reading some of the reviews, I had to try the smelt roe.  I didn't know how to eat the smelt roe, but shared the dish with another patron at the bar and watched him eat it first. It was tasty. All the dishes we ordered were yummy! I will definitely come back here on each Vegas trip.
4	I like this place alot, its within walking distance from my house, loud and informal, authentic, and a blast.Anywhere you sit you are bombarded by noise, smells, glossy pictures of the food, and occassionally someone's sloppy elbow.  in a town of over inflated celebrity chef pet restaurants, a place like this fills the niche.  the food is solid japanese counter fare, fresh seafood, great rolls, it comes out whenever.  the service is usually pretty quick and they love giving out fresh beers.  plus they serve pork belly which is a huge plus in my book.definately hit the spider roll, the yellowfin tartare, the pork belly and napa stir fry, and the HONEY TOAST!!..  where else can you get half a loaf of bread filled with icecream?
4	This place was introduced to me by my dear friends from work.  The only thing I've had is the beef bowl, but it is delish! Beef with noodles and onions over rice.  Parking is always crowded and cash only for smaller purchases.
4	**200th review**Who knew in the middle of the desert you would actually find an authentic Japanese Sake House??? Hidden in a random strip mall, Ichiza serves up some tons of Japanese style tapas for everyone to enjoy.Came here for dinner with some friends... because we didn't want the typical buffet dinner or the calories that is often associated with Vegas.Decor was charming. It had 2 sections of large tables with the tatami style seating.  It was pretty quaint.  The lamps were really dope. They were homemade and it looked like philo dough bound with a fish grill on it. It was pretty impressive. They also had the typical hand made signs of the specials plastered all over the bar.The service was spotty unfortunately however our waitress was really cute with a cute Japanese accent.  When asked about recommendations, there were none.... she replied that everything was good.Don't come here being extremely hungry... the portions are smaller than the typical sake houses in LA, but hey, its supposed to be appetizers, right?The karrage Chicken was really good- tender and not too much batter... the pork and kimchi was delicious... the chicken wings and yakatori were not very good. Perhaps adding some fresh wasabi and lemon juice would have kicked it up a notch??? Agadashi Tofu was weak in flavor.. have had better in LA.Best dish of the night?  The sea bass which was delicious and excellent. Highly recommended. Very moist and perfectly cooked in a sweet soy sauce. I could have devoured that entire dish myself!Order a pitcher of Kirin, some Calpis Sochu, and some sake and you got yourself a rockin Japanese style party! Recommended and will tell my friends about this place for sure in the future!
5	If you want dinner at 1:30 in the am, Ichiza is the place to go.  Our server was awesome, friendly, and recommended some great dishes!  Don't be fooled by the menu they hand you - the real menu, with the yummiest dishes, are on the wall!  We ordered mini deep fried soft shell crabs, bacon wrapped sticky rice (holy ichiza!), mussles, clams, etc. All waaaaay under budget and waaaaayyy fantastical.  Oh and if you're a big drinker, order one of their shoju drinks  - I had a grapefruit cocktail and they served the glass almost full to the brim with half a fresh grapefruit that I got to squeeze all by myself. Refreshing and scarily good - I mean as in I'll order two drinks 'cuz it tastes like juice good. Will definitely make it a point to come here every time I'm in Vegas even though it's off the strip!
5	Went and ate at Ichiza last night based off of all the reviews I have read on Yelp. And I have to say that I loved it. Had a short wait when we arrived, but I think you get that at all good places, and we were seated in less then 10 minutes. The menu items written all over the walls were fun to read and interpret, but I wonder if I missed out on anything good because I didnt see it written somewhere. :) And some of them were written only in Japanese, so I wondered what they were. Next time I am going to order all the items I cant read, and just be surprised when thing show up.  "I'll take that, and that, and that..." We ordered the deep fried baby soft shell crabs, marinated minced spanish mackerel, Kimchi fried rice, tartar yellowtail, wasabi green bean tempura, and the Mapo-tofu (all for only $44, including 2 large Sapporos).  Everthing was great. The yellowtail was recommended by several people on Yelp, and I agree with them. It was great. A little messy, but I didnt mind that. The baby soft shell crabs kind of caught me by surprise, because they werent kidding about "baby" These little things looked like they had just been born, and hadnt had time to grow a shell yet...But they were very tasty. I liked the Marinated Spanish mackerel, served on top of a cucumber wedge, and the Kimchi fried rice was very good too. The beer prices were great too. $5.50 for a large Sapporo, I have paid alot more than that at other places. The staff was all very friendly, and helpful, and I think everyone who worked there said good bye, and see you next time, as we were leaving. I will diffinately be going back. In fact, I cant wait too.UPDATE: went here again Saturday evening and it was even better the second time. I'm upgrading Ichiza to 5 stars.
5	I have been to Ichiza twice and I have had great experiences both times. Both times I have been there, there was a short wait.  I have been seated at both a table and at the bar.  Service was good, and everyone was friendly. The first time I went I was with an Ichiza veteran who knew exactly what to order, so I had a whole mess of stuff, and can't really remember what any of it was, could have been the fact her expertise included mass quantities of sake. I remembered the kimchi fried rice and mapo-tofu and ordered those again on my second visit.  The next time I went we were a little more daring and did most of our ordering off the walls. Once again everything was yummy.  I was not a huge fan of the minced Spanish mackerel, but it was okay.  The tartar yellowtail was delicious, but a bit of a challenge to eat. When I lost about half of it down my shirt, it was good for a laugh. :) The prices are very reasonable, and I left full and happy.Since my first review, I have been back many times, and I have always had a great experience.  Tonight the folks at Ichiza went above and beyond!!  There was a bit of a wait, so we went downstairs to Tea Planet, and we didn't have enough time to finish our drinks.  We went in Ichiza half expecting them to tell us no outside drinks, which they did...HOWEVER, they offered to put our drinks in the refrigerator for us so they wouldn't go to waste! Just another reason to love Ichiza, and in case you need another...two words...honey toast. YUM!
4	UPDATED 12-27-07: Came here again and this time it wasn't as good as before. I don't know what it is. This time, even though it was good, it just didn't blow me away like last time. So one star off.---------------------------------THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU to all the yelpers who rated this place highly. That was the main reason why we bookmarked it and decided to check it out. I wasn't sure how late they were open but we arrived pretty late, around 10pm and crossed our fingers as we entered. Man, it was bustling! Turns out they were open until 3am Mon-Sat, until 2.30am on Sundays. However, last call is 45 mins before closing so make sure you arrive on time.So there were 2 guys waiting for a table and the hostess asked if we wanted to sit at the counter. Lil guy was all for it. So, counter it was. I was just fascinated by the atmosphere in here. There were 2 tatami tables with very drunk people singing and carrying on. They were obviously having a good time.We were given menus but it was the posted items above our heads which interested me. Hubby left the ordering to me. I ordered an udon ($6.35) for little guy with his usual edamame ($3) and agedashi tofu ($4.35). Then, I proceeded to order a bunch of items for us adults.Uni pon ($5.50) arrived first. It was 4 plump pieces of uni sitting on thinly sliced cucumbers nestled on daikon spaghetti wading in a pool of ponzu sauce. OMG it was fantastic. The uni was soooooo fresh and flavorful. I could've eaten 3 of these.Then came the salmon skin salad ($5). This was no ordinary salmon skin salad. This was the emperor of all salmon skin salads I've ever had. Crunchy slivers of carrot, shreds of lettuce, grape tomatoes, daikon sprouts, perfectly cooked salmon skin, grated daikon, topped with a dollop of roe. Hubby and I shared this but were fighting over who got the last morsel. Taramiso, otherwise known as miso butterfish ($5.50) is something I've been craving since leaving Hawaii. I used to eat it at least once a week. After a year of missing it and seeing it on the menu here was enough for me to kiss the ground of this izakaya. The taramiso did not disappoint. In fact, it was so perfect hubby and I again commented on how much we've missed this dish.All the while, lil guy was enjoying his udon, edamame and agedashi tofu while watching his portable DVD player oblivious of all the ongoings around him. Tofu salad with tuna sashimi ($7.50) was interesting yet refreshingly delicious. Romaine lettuce, followed by mashed tofu, topped with diced avocado and cubed tuna sashimi, toss in a few daikon sprouts and a pinch of bonito flakes and voila, a masterpiece. The grape tomatoes complete this both in color and texture.Of course an izakaya meal isn't complete without some sort of alcohol. We had 2 large bottles of Asahi draft ($5.50/bottle) and then we finished by sharing a bowl of miso chasu ramen with extra chasu ($10). I'm sorry, but Santouka Ramen does not measure up to the ramen here and it was the last item we ate. The broth was perfect, not too salty and not under flavored. The chasu had just the right amount of fat interspersed with the lean bits. It looked like pancetta. Hubby was a bit skeptical but I assured him he would like it, and guess what? He did.This is definitely bookmarked for our next visit to Vegas, and let me tell you this, I'm reliving my meal right now just by writing this review and the bad part is, I'm not eating the food as I'm writing this. BUMMER!
5	Hell yes. This is modern Japanese comfort food in a setting truer to the motherland. If you have the chance, go with someone that knows a little about Japanese food and you have a little bit of an upper hand over the average gaijin. My faves are the ika-yaki, baby octopus, udama-age (fried quail eggs), salmon sashimi, oyako donburi, stewed spinach, um ... everything is good. If you're feeling adventurous, try the natto or okra. But be warned, you have to be in a really adventurous mood. The only peril about this place is the munchie-factor. I took two friends here after they both smoked greens and between the three of us, we racked up like, a $150 bill or something. Everything is just too good. The fobbie waitresss are super cute. And for some reason the sake always tastes supreme there. * off the strip, non-casino
5	oh schnaP!I came out of this restaurant beating on my bf and asking him why restaurants like this don't exist in SF.  With the number of Japanese Americans in the bay area, WHY CANT THERE BE A DECENT IZAKAYA?!?  WHY!Ichiza, please come to the bay.  I'll come every weekend I promise.Anyway.  With the help of you yelpers, I made up my mind to come to Ichiza the day we arrived in Vegas because  knew this place was open til 3.  We lugged our luggage in like true tourists and just started ordering off the wall and getting a bottle of Sapporo.  We had all sorts of things that night but the uni in ponzu sauce was TO DIE for.  It was the best thing ever i wanted to order like 10 of them.  Each little dish is meant for you to drink some beer with and savor and sample.  I'd love to come with a BUNCH of people and just order all types of food.  We also tried their spicy kara-age (good), miso cod (good), fried oysters (really good) and I wanted to try a lot of other stuff too but we were full. The noodle dishes here looked amazing and their little donburis looked good too.It's comfort food and places like this that make me miss my mom's cooking and Tokyo. DAMMIT.Prices were reasonable, service was good, atmosphere ROCKED.  It's a lil out there if youre staying near the strip.  Best meal I've had in a while.
5	If you were wondering where Vegas isn't over the top, it's on the second floor of a strip mall.  Repeated and gushy kudos to yelpers for making this place known, and as we stopped in yesterday, we were treated to a cornucopia of delicious and authentic Japanese cuisine;  a little sushi, a little asparagus wrapped in bacon (!), a tactile bowl of rice, chicken and egg and we left not only happy, but nearly deliriously so.You sometimes feel like you're cheating the house when you hit up a genuinely and ethnically spot-on stop like Ichiza, but thanks to you guys who found this place first, it was totally worth the cab fare there and back.  If we had more time here we'd go back, and the next time we're in town, we are going back, definitely.  What a treat.
4	This place was what started my ramen craze!  Their udon dish and fried rice was so delicous, actually everything is!  Not only that, this is the only sushi spot that I know of... opening until 2a.m. and the food is authentic japanese cuisine, since the staff is literally only japanese.  The tables maybe small and everything, and the size of the restaurant isn't all that big... but the service is great.   If we had a restuarant that was similar to this place in the area, I think it would be banking in hella money and on top of that, its not very often that you go to a restuarant and order ramen noodle.*Still thinking about*..... gawd..... I'm hungry for ramen.
5	Good call on this place fellow yelpers.Vegas is a fun place to visit, but things can get really old really fast out there.  This is when I turn to yelp for something new and good.  And Ichiza is both.The food was good.  I can't say we tried everything on the menu, but we sure did try.  The sushi was nice and fresh.  The yakatori was good.  Even the gizzards (which I'm not a big fan of) were delicious.  Haven't tried the desserts but looking forward to it next time.The best part was considering how much beer and sake we drank, the bill was still a bargain.This will be a staple ever time I go back.Venture away from the Strip and discover the other places you can eat and play in Vegas.Lastly, I know this is the land of buffets, but sometimes it's just not worth it.  Why stuff yourself with bad food when you can eat quality dishes at a sit down?viva la yelp
5	Just gotta add my 2 cents on the awesomeness that is Ichiza.  It's like tapas on steroid for extra tastiness.The menu was so much fun and the varieties of little plates kept us going for 3 days straight before we could even contemplate dinner elsewhere.  Definitely should order off the regular menu and try the dishes pasted on the walls...in fact if you got a craving for any particular dish, you should just go ahead and ask the waitress if they had it...we were pleasantly surprised with yellowtail collar which wasn't on the menu nor on the wall.Everything I had range from pretty good (takoyaki) to totally awesome (beef tongue skewer)...and the bill was than reasonable...many bangs for my bucks
5	I lived in Japan for about 2 years so its awesome to see a real izakaya (albeit a small one) style place here in LV!!  My wife is Japanese so she ALWAYS goes for the "okura natto".  I just wished they had namadais.  But yeah..if I need my fix of yakitori, okonomiyaki and ramen.  There isn't a better place so close to my apartment.
4	Service was a little slow, but the food in this place is incredibly good and inventive. What impresses me about this place is that it doesn't "westernize" their food to cater to typical suburban American preferences. The prices were a bit on the cheap side and the place is open til 3am, another bonus.  The only other downside to restaurant that  it was tough to find a cab to and from this place. My date and I ended up going to the Chinatown Mall one lot down because it was the only place the cabbies we hired would recognize.
5	400th review... I think we'll turn the corner with Ichiza.  After reading the reviews for this place, I bookmarked it for a must stop.  After the first time, I had to go again on the weekend as well.  Killer eats to be had here.First time in, it was Halloween Eve so everyone was decked out in funky costumes.  Oddly, even if it wasn't Halloween, it wouldn't have seemed out of place.  There were only two of us so we sat at the counter and ordered up a pitcher of Kirin, Beef Tongue, Buta Kim (stirfried pork with kimchee), Chicken Gizzard, Shishamo (smelt fish), fried chicken, spicy tuna roll, ramen, bacon wrapped mochi, ume chazuke (green tea over rice with pickled plum), and probably a few other things that aren't coming to mind.  Everything was excellent, and it was fun tricking my cousin into eating some "weird" stuff.  =)Second time in was saturday night, this time with Emily and my mom-in-law joining us as well.  Pretty much ordered all the above plus shishito (twist pepper), sushi chazuke (it was basically a shishamo roll with a dip sauce), the chicken wings, chawanmushi, gyudon (beef bowl), oyakodonburi (chicken omelet rice bowl), natto okra (delicious!), kushi katsu (bite sized pork cutlet on a skewer with onion), and I'm sure I'm missing a few again.  Had a great time both times, and I'm sure to be back again next time I'm in town.  Pics are posted.  =)
5	A local spot that no one should miss.  It's a relaxed atmosphere where people want the feeling of being in Japan while eating the food.  I've been here so many times already and I'm always amazed and in awe with their food, service, and overall atmosphere.  The experience is also one I've never had.  I don't know what authentic Japanese food really means but I would assume Ichiza gives that full meaning.Just like any other Japanese Restaurants, when I walk in I'm greeted loudly by all the employees in their language.  The past two times this week I've been I was with my cousins and this was the night to devirginize Christine with sake.  Muahahahahahaha!!!!  We were seated at the bar to watch the careful preparation of each food that was ordered by all customers.  It's a small and cute little restaurant that may sometimes have a wait because of seating capacity.  The menu is either in a form of a book or hanging from the ceiling in the bar area with pictures so you can see what the food looks like before ordering it.  I have found this very useful.  Also, you can just ask one of the servers what they would recommend and always will they give you a straight up answer.  They know their shit!  What's good?  Okay, you can order their Shrimp Fried Rice, Garlic Bok Choy, Oysters (mmm... their oysters here are bomb!), sushi is also good, Kimchi Pork (this is something you have to order too), Shrimp Tempura, Sake (large bottle), and there's just so much to choose from.  The only item I wasn't very hot for was the Fried Udon.  I can't put my finger on it but I know I wouldn't order it again.  Although I've been informed it's a popular item amongst majority of the customers.  By the end of it all, I was very full and satisfied as we ordered just the exact amount for everyone.Now, the moment of truth.  It was time to sink the shot in Christine's mouth.  We were like little school girls pouring the shots.  Christine took the shot and didn't like it but got used to it after a while drinking.  I think this is where I'm gonna take my God sister when she comes to visit me.  I'm excited.
5	Tapas! Japanese style.This is probably the most apt description I can think of when describing Ichiza and it's menu. The majority of the menu at Ichiza consists of prepared dishes on small plates or bowls that cost no more than $6 each. There are Sushi dishes, but this is not a Sushi place. You will order a multitude of small plates that can vary from appetizers to fried plates to soups to salads to desserts that you will combine together in a meal. That is... if you can get a seat in the restaurant. If you don't have a reservation... there could be problems of a wait that could be close to thirty minutes. But the wait is well worth it.What Kathy, my daughter, and I ordered...Salmon Skin Salad topped with Salmon Roe - Great!Broiled Cod - Superb!Deep Fried Octopus with mild whole Green Chile - deelicious!Fried Chicken, stir fried in a red-pepper sauce mixtureClams in a Miso-like Soup baseFried, thinly sliced, Chicken Gizzards with String Beans - Very Good!Beef Tataki with Ponzu Sauce DipThree bowls of plain Japanese RiceBanana Filled Crepe - Obviously made beforehand and refrigerated.    Would have liked this Crepe freshly made and warm. It was OK,    though.Two glasses of sweetened TeaIn summary... one of the best Japanese restaurants in Las Vegas. My daughter's favorite Japanese... now also mine.Before I leave Las Vegas... want to try one of their desserts... bread with Ice Cream.... impressive!FYI: Try Tea Station directly under Ichiza in the same mall... Tea Station serves Taiwanese snacks / meals in similar small portions along with their Tapioca Teas. A different interpretation of Tapas-style meals from Taiwan.Comment: It is utterly amazing to me that institutions, considered low-class in their original country, can find great success here in the United States! This type of establishment in Japan would only attract the office worker crowd after work for drinks and tidbits of food - after import into this country and you have a five-star restaurant that attracts more people than some fine-dining establishments. AMAZING! Can only happen in the good ol' US of A. Another good example is Pho in the Vietnamese community. I know of former street vendors peddling Pho on streetcorners in Vietnam now driving a couple of Mercedes vehicles and having a handful of restaurants in Los Angeles!
4	Once again, thank you Yelp for helping me find another great restaurant to satisfy my hungry tummy... My boyfriend's parents live in Vegas, so we come here a couple of times a year.  For the past year, I've been wanting to try this place out, and finally got around to it tonight.  I really liked how the restaurant was set up - small, simple, and traditional looking - they're not trying to look super nice, rather than giving off a more comfortable eating atmosphere.The inside of Ichiza consists of around 10 tables, and then there's a tatami (I don't know if there's a spelling for it) section with 2 long tables, where you take your shoes off and sit on the ground.  Then besides that, there's the kitchen area.The service here is ok, not great but not bad.  It is what it is.  However, the food is really good.  Like Richard L. said, it's like tapas, but Japanese style.  I guess this type of cuisine is called "Izakaya" as I have learned after reading all of these reviews.  Living in the Bay Area, I actually have yet to find a place with this type of cuisine - everyone in the Bay is really hung up on sushi (hey, which i love, dont get me wrong). Anyhow, my boyfriend and I came here tonight and we ordered an order of their udon, chicken skewers, agedashi tofu, kimchi fried rice, and spicy tuna roll.  The udon was really tasty and they added some seaweed, egg, and veggies to it.  I didn't try the chicken skewers, but they looked like Teryaki Chicken pieces on a stick, and my boyfriend liked them a lot.  The Agedashi Tofu, which is one of my favorite appetizers, came with a generous portion of fruit, and 4 huge slices of tofu.  The tofu was very fresh and soft, and the dish was very good.  Spicy tuna roll was pretty good, but not amazing.  Lastly, I loved their Kimchi Fried Rice.. Ichiza's fried rice definitely kicks some @ss... It was sooooo tasty and with the kimchi, it was the perfect amount of spicyness.Overall, 4 stars for above average food and very low prices.  (all of those dishes only came out to about $22.)  Definitely a lot lower than the prices we're used to.  All of the smaller dishes run from $3-$5, and larger dishes run from $6-$9.. none of it is expensive.  If I lived in the area, I would definitely come back.And, they're open till 3AM!
4	This gets a four-star along the lines of Firefly on Paradise.  Good food that gets even better because of its price and value.  The food isn't amazing, but it's solid.  It's even better because it's cheap!
5	This place rocks! Nick, Jess, Rich and I hit Vegas for a variety of reasons from poker to rockclimbing, and decided to have a "off strip" experience by staying off Las Vegas Blvd and trying new eateries that is not part of a casino. After some research, Jess came up with Ichiza, and I must commend her on a great find! The place was VERY Japanese. Ghetto in a wonderfully fabulous kind of way. The menu is diverse, interesting and off the wall (literally, there were menu items and pictures of the food on the wall). We had a number of delicious dishes (most of which from the wall, and for which I can not recall the name)... including, I believe, something called the super fry (or was that super fly) yakasoba. And some sort of layered pancake with, get this, mayo. Yeah - weird, but good. Another memorable dish: green tea and rice with little bits of minced salmon... also weird, but good. Not to mention the great rolls. I wish I can remember what I actually ate so I can give you a better guide to the food, but having sampled close to a dozen dishes between the four of us (family stylin'), I came to the conclusion that you probably can't go wrong no matter what you order.
5	i m so tired of the same old buffet in vegas, this is perfect for my future vegas trips.Love the udon, love the sushi, love the vibe.  It's a good japanese restaurant........
5	What??? A Japanese Izakaya in a Chinese strip mall close to a Ranch 99?  If it werent for the generous contributions of fellow yelpers I would never have set foot in this place.The hotel dining scene in Vegas is sickening:  Chinese noodle bars charging $13 for a bowl of noodles and $9.5 for Char Siu buns.Buffett lines of no less than 200 people waiting at ANY given time?  Call that soup lines for those with too much to spend!Yes I know there are upscale restaurants like Fleur de lys etcbut as I mentioned in other reviews I am no VC or hedge fund guy and I dont work for Google.I did not come to Vegas for punishment.Viva Ichiza, YOU ARE A BREATH OF FRESH AIR IN THE DESERT!!!Great authentic "in ya face" Izakaya style Japanese food.Fast and efficient service.Affordable prices.Fresh fish (in the desert?!?) YES!  Fresh tuna (as evidenced by the Tataki and Tekka makis)Order from the wall, that's the specialty du jour.Be adventurous.  Everything tastes good.We had our Christmas eve dinner there, far from the madding crowd.  Lovely experience.Word of caution:  For those who are not driving, request the hostess to get you a cab when you get the bill.Taxis will not stop on the street where the strip mall is,as the owner explained it to us.Also call ahead of time to see if they are fully booked,happens when there are trade shows (CES, Interop) where Japanese Kaisha-ens would flock to this place.
4	I enjoyed my meal here. The atmosphere was fun and everyone seemed to be genuinely having a good time. The service was decent considering how late and busy it was. Salmon Skin Salad- tangy, crunchy, and tasty. I'd order this again.Buta Kimchi- The kimchi wasn't fermented at all and the pork was sweet. I think I was expecting something more along the lines of the Korean version of this dish so I was disappointed. But even if I hadn't had some sort of idea of what I thought the dish was supposed to taste like, I don't think I would've liked it because it was too sweet for me.Udon- They were out of Ramen and it being a cold night, I wanted something soupy and hot. I opted for the Udon and was pleased that the noodles were soft without being too soggy and the broth was hot and soothing. Yum.I rarely get off the strip to eat when I go to Vegas so this was a nice change. Definitely good eats.
4	Thank you Yelpers for reviewing this place or I would probably be starving halfway through the crazy long line to the Wynn buffett. It was christmas eve and the wait was 4 f*cking hours. I kid you not.Ichiza is a fabulous little restaurant of japanese food, tapas style. food is great! Our waitress was friendly and accommodating. You must try the black cod. That was heaven! The atmosphere is cozy, it reminds me of this little place in st marks in nyc. Similar food. Very japanese and tastes authentic. The only problem is that they also have hand-written menu all over the wall, which makes it a little hard to see. I highly recommend this little restaurant and would totally go back here whenever i'm in sin city.
4	I want to thank all the people on YELP who have reviewed Ichiza.Thank you - Thank you - Thank you.In my life time I would have never eaten here if it were not for the outstanding reviews from everyone.I have driven on Spring Mt. road many many times and have never, ever seen Ichiza.Well now I have ....What a great way to start 2008.Went for lunch and the staff was very patient with me. I was not sure of the lunch specials and finally ordered Ginger pork ....Just outstanding.A light refreshing soup, wonderful salad and the ginger pork was "par excellance"I can not wait to go for dinner as  I looked at the handwritten dinner menu and really wanted the Soft shell crab - looks wonderful.And I have to have the honey toast for desert.Once again .... Yelpers out there - thank you so much I owe this excellent experience to all of you .......
5	Not that this place needs another glowing review, but I couldn't resist since the food was so good.  We ordered 15 dishes and loved EVERYTHING.  Not sure how we put down all that food, but we were very fat and happy leaving the restaurant.My favorite, well there were so many... buta kimchee, chawanmushi, fried octopus legs, beef tongue and honeytoast...  I actually could have listed all 15 dishes.I would recommend making reservations.  It was definitely packed.
4	This restaurant was great! I went with a friend and ordered a Lunch Set and a Chicken Cutlet Curry. In my Lunch Set I picked Ginger Pork and the 'famed' MisoYaki Black Cod (of which a few Yelpers have been calling Miso Butterfish). Unfortunately, the Lunch Set was not that great, the MisoYaki Black Cod was a bit too salty for me. Ginger Pork was good but was just that.However, the curry was spectacular because it also had bits of pork and onions in addition to carrots and potatoes! The flavor was also pleasing-- not too spicy but had a kick. The food was served piping hot and rather quickly.Thanks for this one Yelpers!
4	Thank you Yelp for existing - without you, we would never have found this place and missed one of the more pleasurable experiences of the last field trip.The five of us ate ourselves through roughly 15-20 dishes and left very full but happy campers. I was not that impressed by all things fried: the Wasabi Green Bean Tempura was OK, but not stellar and the Katsu was actually just so-so and quite dry.But everything else (sashimi, the rolls, the delicious beef, the broiled mackerel and salmon, ...) was very yummy. Some things a bit heavy on the butter, but yummy.One hint: it's definitely worse to invest the time and neck-kink to read all the specials that are tacked up all over the walls, those were the best dishes we had!Oh, and including beers and tip, we walked out for just under $30 per head. 4 very satisfied stars!
5	Heard about Ichiza from my roommate on her last trip to Vegas, and decided to check it out with the family on our annual Vegas trip. I have to give this place extra props because my parents actually liked it. What was I doing bringing my totally unhip Vietnamese parents to a pretty hipster izakaya in Vegas? Well, they don't like sushi, and wanted to taste other Japanese food. And because I'm such an accomodating daughter, I figured this would be a good opportunity. But it didn't occur to me that the place had pretty much all bar food and young patrons. So when we stepped in, I felt so uncool at first, but with my mom being so cute and my dad being so genteel to the waitresses, I was reminded that they have been in this country long enough to know how to deal with non-viet-traditional people. My mom ordered a TOFU STEAK (I guess that sounded appetizing to her), and out came a huge square of lightly marinated tofu on a bed of boiled bean sprouts. My parents pretty much devoured that whole dish, bean sprouts and all. Dad ordered the ika-yaki (grilled squid) and loved how it was seasoned. I was happy he ordered it because I got to eat it, too. I got the soft shell crab and sis got the soba noodles. We had a few more dishes (chicken gizzard, more tofu, etc.) and all them were pretty tasty. All the food came out fresh and light. We all felt full enough with our 10 or so dishes and no one had indigestion or that gross feeling of super grease afterward. My parents, being so polite, thanked the manager and the waitresses in their accented English and said that they hope to see them again. And for a moment I felt that my parents were pretty hip...
4	This is quite the experience, it's funny cuz my cousin who lives in CA knew about this place and I live here in Las Vegas! go figure! The place is small and cozy..very traditional.. There are many things to eat there, it was cool cuz the servings of the dishes were just enough to try it and not a whole plate of it...opens the opportunity to try other dishes with out getting to stuffed (Like a  buffet but better...it's cooked fresh) ...I left the ordering to my cuz..I had no idea what he was going to order but, hey he's family and I trusted his recommendations. I had no clue he was about to take me on a journey to a whole new realm of food! We ordered a bunch of dishes, he ordered chicken gizzard which was good but, he just told me it was chicken! he ordered beef tongue, told me it was beef...hmm.. he was so vague! and only after I ate it he told me what it was!!! Note to self remember to ask the right question! LOL! We had sushi too, a bowl of Ramen, there were many dishes it was all really good. Since then I have brought other people to try their food..although just know they are open for lunch but the menu is down to a few selected items like beef bowls, chicken bowls, curry, a very slim menu. They had told me the full menu is only at  dinner time.. I was bummed but, the food at lunch is also good! I would totally recommend this spot to grab some grub! So dining with Andrew Zimmerman  so to speak, LOL! , well that was my cousins aka name that night! It was very cool to go there with him, he taught me a lot about foods and flavors! It was awesome to see the passion he has for foods! Having someone like that It really helps in the experience of trying new things! Thanks Cuz!Watch out for him one day! He will have his own spot! :) So if you haven't been to Ichiza! You gotta go!
5	So what else can be added after so many reviews? My only complaint: Will you people stop ordering the hamachi collar?!!! Every time I order one, it's sold out. Now how can something that's not on the menu be sold out unless there's a conspiracy to deprive me of the only thing I can think of that is offered but not on the menu. Seriously, the food here is great. I'm trying to eat my way through all of the "specials" on the board (haven't been disappointed so far) and the regular menu items are good as well. It has a vibe all its own. Come with friends and have a blast or sit at the counter and see the kitchen show.
4	The only authentic izakaya of Las Vegas, definitely worth visiting for a casual night out with hungry friends.  If you love to drink and enjoy authentic, off the beaten path menu items of Japan uncommon at your local Japanese restaurant, this is the place for you.  Be prepared and keep in mind that it's an izakaya where quiet dining is not to be expected.  Despite this jewel of a find out here in the desert I give it only four stars due to the rather disappointing ramen experience which was nothing more than what it seemed like noodles in miso soup.  I have yet to find a good ramen place which unfortunately does not exist in Las Vegas...
5	Oh.... I almost forget about Ichiza.  This is one of the best izakaya.  I wish they make its branch in Orange County.  Even you are in Las Vegas, you can forget about gambling.  Very nice place to go with your friend and enjoy drinking.
4	Way to live up to the hype.  After reading all the Yelp reviews and remembering my last attempt to try great ethnic cuisine in Vegas (see Lotus of Siam review), I was a bit apprehensive about hailing a taxi to Ichiza.  But after a 1 hour wait, I left, both very full and very satisfied.1) Location - Ichiza is located on the second floor of a strip mall in the area of Las Vegas that most call "Chinatown."  For those familiar with the area, it's the next strip mall adjacent to the large Sam Woo/Ranch 99 mall.2) Decor - typical of izakaya, the place is tiny and crowded.  Signs are everywhere about all the available dishes and alcohol is plentiful.  The one thing I did notice, amazingly given it's Vegas, is that this place is smoke-free.  All patrons go outside to smoke.  Good riddance.3) Food - the food is greasy, delicious, and prepared fast.  Whether you choose skewered chicken wings and gizzards or bonito sashimi with ponzu sauce, the key is to order a lot of items to go with your sake.  I'm sad I didn't feel well enough to eat the mochi bacon skewer, but I did partake in the Honey Toast.  4) Service - for a crowded and small place, service is amazingly good.  The patrons tend to stay forever, but the staff does it's best to keep you up to date on how long you have to wait.  Beyond that, they did a great job in calling a cab and even going downstairs and waiting with the cab so that someone wouldn't take it.  Thumbs up.
5	this place is deeelicious. my boyfriend and I just went to vegas from LA and we ordered almost everything that was recommended by previous yelpers (thanks for the photos). Our favorites were yellowtail tartar, honey toast, chicken gizzard, beef tongue, and the ramen wasn't too shabby either.
1	I'm starting to hate yelp.70ish reviews on how awesome this place is.There was a cockroach on my table.  We hung out.  It crept onto my plate for a ponzu sauce nightcap.  I honestly was grossed out but not completely.  I know good places are often dirty places.  I understand.  But when I pointed it out to the waitress, she just made a feeble attempt to kill my new little friend, after some manic missed squashings all over my table.Shortly after Mr. Roach was laid to rest, we were offered free mochi ice cream.  Wow.  A fricking roach just joined me for dinner and you're offering me a 20 cent consolation dessert?  Fuck you.To be fair, the food was mediocre.  2 stars for that and minus 5 stars for the roach and minus 1000 stars for their generous compensation and apology for the mackerel that worked its way back into my mouth as vomit.
2	What is wrong with you people?! Despite my high expectations, this restaurant barely made mediocre.The first time I went was for lunch. I didn't like any of it, but you can't order any of the groovy stuff on the board at lunch so I figured maybe I just needed to come back for a magical dinner.We ordered some bok choy that was fine but nothing to write home about. We ordered some kind of sashimi thing that I thought was supposed to have sweet potato but it came with daikon and though the menu mentioned nothing about quail egg, there is the gloopy thing in the middle. I barely eat even chicken eggs. Eggs gross me out. So I tried to scoop out the quail egg but the whole thing felt contaminated.I tasted it anyway and the fish, while not off in any way, was just not wonderful. It was kind of stringy and somehow lacking in that super fresh tuna taste that I love. Then we got some tempura green beans. They were fine but no sauce came with them. We had an octopus and cucumber/seaweed thing that had little taste, but was fine. We had a spider roll that was one of the most tasteless spider rolls I've ever had. We had some other things, but nothing memorable. Even the kimchee was bland!!Not one single thing impressed me. Most everything was bland. At best, perhaps I could say I liked the sake.Not recommended by me. Don't believe the hype. Meh.
3	vacationing in the LV from the SJ (san jose), i just had to check this place out since it was my only chance to really try the place.my family & i were driving to this place via gps & we were pleasantly surprised that... THERE'S AN ASIAN PLAZA IN LAS VEGAS!  wow.  haha.  my parents were noticing all the pho places around  & totally wanted to eat pho for lunch the next day (ah typical asian parents). btw this plaza is called chinatown plaza, but caters to all asian cultures since there are filipino, japanese, vietnamese, chinese, thai, malaysian, and korean restaurants there...anyways on to the experience!i entered and it was pretty empty at 7:00pm on a tuesday night, and i immediately felt like i was in japan.  there were tons of specials plastered all over the wall and over on top of the bar, it compliments the very traditional, homey, & cozy feel that this place exudes. however, maybe it was just me & my terrible food choice syndrome, but none of the food really WOWed me.  my family & i shared the beef tataki, tofu & shrimp special, ramen dx, 3 beef tongue skewers, onigiri special variety & the salmon steak for dinner.  all the menu items were at about the same level of tastiness, which is pretty good, but nothing mind blowing.for dessert we also shared a banana crepe & honey toast which i must say were yummy!  well you can't really mess up crepes, but the honey toast is a really unique dessert that you can't get anywhere else.  the toast is formed like a cube except there is no top part and in the center is topped with honey and vanilla ice cream. yum! just like french toast.all in all, it's a good experience & the service was great, just the food didn't exceed my expectations
5	Yelp sent me... and I took the husband thinking that it would be new for us both -- he'd already been -- Bartolotta took him dammit but didn't tell me because he didn't remember the name -- but recognized it immediately when we walked in.  Since we get to go out together so rarely -- and on a Saturday night -- this was fun -- like a mini vacation (ok, we really really really need a real vacation....).   I loved that he knew four people as we walked in -- one was the GM from Sen of Japan (he used to be GM at Okada) -- he said hellos and we were seated at the counter -- little double benches (which later began to bother his back, but I loved 'em).  This way we could see the action in the kitchen -- it's a busy place.We ordered tons -- taking turns from the menu and the specials on the wall (I really love that if only I wasn't so damned nearsighted!)We ordered the tempura stringbeans, the custard, I wanted uni (he was speculative about it), we looked for everything spring-y...so that meant bacon-wrapped asparagus, 4 kinds of mushrooms, softshell crab, and a few other things recommended by our server since we love spicy, too.   (and of course, after looking at all the pictures on yelp -- honeytoast!) He's not a big sake fan -- me, a student happily in training!  My first glass was expensive, but I couldn't resist -- and ended up getting a less expensive glass 2nd (3rd & 4th...hic) because they ran out of the first -- and loved the 2nd one better -- appropriately Happy Bride -- while he drank his beers.Food came out fast and furious -- the fun thing was watching others see what you ordered to see if they should, too, as well as chatting up neighbors at the counter (the unadventurous seem very 'fishoutofwater' here -- fortunately the ones we met took the husband's unsolicited advice and were nice and friendly.)We had a great time -- just filled up fast -- and hated it, since we ended up seeing all sorts of dishes fly out of the kitchen that we wish we'd ordered...  like the yellowtail -- almost napoleonlike in presentation.The best things that night were the simplest (custard, stringbeans, asparagus) -- but they do make serious effort at presentation on some dishes -- it's like a rollercoaster ride of yumminess -- even though some of the specials and dishes on menu have pics next to them, for the most part you really can't tell by the description what it's going to look like.  (love that, too) -- and sometimes, they just change the dish based on what they have in.We watched a woman in the back working diligently the entire time we were there, carefully prepping something very tiny -- too far away to really tell -- but we loved her attention to detail.  We did notice that the big stock pots needed some serious cleaning -- they're blackened -- and honestly not appetizing to look at -- the chef needs to crack a serious whip there, but other than that, everybody worked clean.Service was friendly, helpful and efficient -- no complaints at all here.I was a little suprised how brightly lit the room was - the back sunken tables were the coziest spots and good for groups of 8 -- but make note, this place is tiny -- so when it's busy, a line forms quickly, although tables do turn pretty fast.  I noticed that they do take reservations -- their website offers the service, too  -- but I don't think anyone's watching, so don't assume you're in...also, what's up with the random porn (Craig's List like) on their site ...?   Thanks Yelp -- not sure why there are recent cranky reviewers -- Ichiza is a very welcome addition to Vegas on so many levels, I can't imagine giving it anything but a glowing review -- and I'm seriously looking forward to going back!
3	I really had high expectations for this place given how everyone before me raved about it. Plus I have been traveling to research dishes when I open my own izakaya restaurant. Of course, my friend and I come here after being at LAX, so we may have gotten in on the tail-end of it all. Overall, it was not bad. Seems like the type of place you go with friends to drink and be merry. Not the culinary adventure I was expecting.
4	After a weekend of fast food and tasteless cafeteria food at the Grand Canyon, we were in search for a decent dining option in Vegas before heading back to our respective home cities. I used Yelp to find Ichiza. When we got there at around 7PM, the place was pretty packed and we were told the wait would be at least 30-45 minutes. Our flight was around 9ish so we were cutting it close but decided to wait since nothing else seemed appealing around the same plaza. Ichiza's host (perhaps owner) was really patient and nice, trying to help us as much as possible to make sure we get a table and still make our flight without rushing too much. After 20 minutes, we got seated and the food came within 5 minutes after placing our orders. Everyone was really nice, being sensitive to our time constraints, etc. Now for the food -- if I had never had izakaya-type food, I think I'd give Ichiza a little bit more love. But having eaten at places like Gochi and Tanto in the South Bay, CA, it's hard not to be somewhat impartial to this little place off the Vegas strip. The range of food was great, but the quality wasn't consistent for each dish (e.g. karaage chicken and miso ramen = no good). But still worth checking out when you're in Vegas. Place is open until 3AM and call at least 2 hours in advance to secure reservations.
4	Food: 4.25 stars (deduct one star because of the inconsistency)Service: 4 starsPrice: 5 starsIt is located 2nd floor in a plaza in the Chinatown area. I am surprised how could Mona C. took a photo with no customers inside because this restaurant is packed all the time. We had dinner here twice and had to sit by the sushi bar both times because all tables were full. They have a huge selection of dishes and I love the decorative menus on the wall. Don't look at the regular menu they give you. Look up on the wall and those are the great dishes.We've tried the tofu salad with sashimi $7.50 (very very yummy!), squid soft-bone fritter $4.50 (great with sake or beer), miso butterfish $7.75 (delicious), grilled salmon belly $5 (super yummy!), beef tongue stew $8.50 (the sauce was too thick and rich, it could fill your stomach in a second), one small bottle of house sake $5.75 (just ok), seared tuna with ponzu sauce $6.25 (ok), grilled eggplant and shrimp $6.50 (little sour and spicy - good). Most dishes were delicious, but somewhat inconsistent. We had the same dish twice in two different nights(around 6:30pm) and the taste was different. Also a lot of the dishes on the wall were sold out, so we couldn't try the uni and toro. We also tried a glass of tomatchu $5.50, which was a mixture of shochu sake and tomato juice. It tasted just ok, not enough tomato juice and not enough sake. We had the famous honey toast $6.50 for dessert. By looking at the photos from Yelp, I thought it was a big scoop of butter on the top. But actually it was vanilla ice cream. Very unique, yummy, and filling!The waitresses were polite and attentive even they were busy. The price was awesome and unbeatable. I highly recommend this restaurant. And if you go, go early or make reservation ahead of time. Oh remember, they don't open lunch on weekends.
5	I live in San Fran and want to move to Vegas for Ichiza everyday.  Really, here in the bay the weather is beautiful but I dream about Ichiza way too much.  Been there about a dozen times thanks to fellow yelpsters and you really can't beat this place as far as bang for your buck.  Love the salmon belly, hamachi tar tar, 4 kinds of mushrooms, and baby softshell crab.
4	Totally authentic Japanese food in an Asian shopping center off strip. Quaint little restaurant but you need a reservation. Mostly Japanese folks there, seems very local. There's a table where everyone takes off their shoes and sits on a pillow to eat... very cool. Food was excellent... but be careful, everyone's English is bad and they might mistake your order of Shrimp Tempura for Shrip Dumplings??? And they might double your check because the girl was looking at the wrong receipt! -- Other than that, the food was excellent and was pretty cheap!
4	I love this place and I love the Chinatown in Las Vegas in general.  Very authentic izakaya Japanese food and attentive service.  Although all the yakitori food might seem cheap at $2-4 dollars, it adds up because the portions are small and you find yourself ordering like 2 orders of the fried quail eggs (yummy!)I feel like they could add something to their broiled rice balls (some bonito flakes maybe?!) and their menu can be more comprehensive rather than forcing you to strain your neck as you read off food items written on the wall.  Other than that, it is pretty tops in my book.
5	THANK YOU YELP!!!!  This is hands down one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.   The only problem we had was there was so much to choose from we didn't know where to start.  We kept thinking they would think we were pigs, cause we couldn't stop.  The seaweed salad is amazing, the bacon wrapped mochi to die for, every skewer we ordered was full of flavor and all the fish was incredibly fresh.  The bill was cheap too!  After we walked to the 99 Ranch Market and loaded up on food for our stay.  Parking is a pain, but well worth it.
5	one word!   wow!!!!!!!!!!
5	I must come here every time I'm in vegas.  They open until 3:30am, so that helps.  They have a menu with lots to order from, but they also have specials on the wall.  And it's all over the walls!  I love the beef tongue yakitori, grilled octopus, chicken gizzards, and noodles.
4	Two thumbs up (4.5 Stars). This place has an awesome atmosphere, opens late, and reasonable prices. The instant you go inside you're surrounded by dozens of hand written signs in japanese with english sub-titles below it with prices (and some with pictures). I could not decide what to order so just went crazy and ordered anything that seems tasty. Came around 1 AM and the place was still packed.(1) Nasty --- (10) To Die For- Whole Spanish Mackeral sashimi. (8)- Breaded meatballs. (7)- Deep-Fried Garlic. (7)- Green-Tea ramen. (5)- Special super Eel sushi Roll. (9)- Sour Stir-Fried Noodles. (6)- Grilled Chicken Yakitori. (8)- Grilled Salmon Collar. (8)- Honey-Ice cream Toast. (10)The sheer amount of options you have is staggering and I can't wait to come back next time I'm in Vegas.Tips: Order off the walls, the menu is ok, but the specials are much more adventurous. It's not catered towards american taste as much as other japanese restaurants, so don't be surprised if it's not what you expect when you order the same dish as your usual japanese place. Must, must, must try the honey ice cream toast. Have fun, try new dishes. =)
4	Look it's another f-ing Ichiza review.  Just an F.Y.I. it's pronounced E-chiza...The "I" is pronounced w/ an "E".   So, here's the breakdown...I love this place.  I think it's the perfect place to take a date.  Just grab an intimate seat for two at the Sushi bar, get a little sake action going, and get adventurous when you order!I recommend the squid rings, not the fried ones though.  The Agedashi Tofu, the mochi bacon, which is just sticky rice wrapped in bacon, but it's so good.  You must order the three kinds of Sashimi, which is Yellow tail, Tuna, and Mackerel.  Just stay away from the Wasabi Octopus, or anything w/ Ramen noodles, opt for the Udon noodles instead.  And don't forget the Mochi Ice Cream...the perfect little sweet treat to share w/ your date!
5	I always go to this restuarant when I go to vegas.  It's away from the strip and mostly visited by the locals there.  The food is cheap and delicious with a large variety to choose from.  I love the beef bowl, the agedashi tofu, makeral, chicken gizzard ,  and of course~ the beer and sake!
5	Kinda hard to add anything new other than notch on the bedpost for Ichiza. I went in with high expectations and there were delightfully surpassed. I was with a group of 5, we ordered a ton of food, beer, and sake, just pointing to items on the wall at random, and the bill was totally reasonable (I think less than $40/person). Everything was fresh, delicious, and exquisitely prepared. The service was so-so, but who cares when your taste buds are dancing the Macarena on your tongue? The Hamachi collar was phenomenal, so was the red snapper carpaccio, and the honey toast. I can't remember everything we ordered, but nothing was disappointing. The much-touted bacon-wrapped mochi was good, but really just tastes like bacon (ain't nuthin' wrong with that, just sayin').
5	What else is there to say? I'll just add some useful tips and my favorite menu items.They accept reservations, and they'll actually put a little "reserved" card on a table in anticipation of your arrival. They're open until 3 a.m., but last call for food is 2:15 (and the waitresses will not be shy about informing you of this). Staff is friendly, but it can be a little hard to get their attention sometimes. They do always recognize my friend and give us the 15% discount without having to show her card.And now, the food:We always start with a few skewers of kushi-tan (beef tongue). It can be hit-or-miss, but when they get it right, it's delicious. I recommend liberally sprinkling it with the chili powder from the bottle on your table.Nikujaga is a hearty soup with thinly-sliced beef, chunks of potato, pea pods, and carrots in a sweet broth. Absolutely delicious, but they seem to be skimping on the broth lately. We asked about this at 2 a.m. one night and were told they ran out of it, but when we returned a few days later at 9 p.m., it was the same situation.Aspara-bacon is... steamed asparagus wrapped in bacon. How can you go wrong?The deep-fried garlic consists of two whole heads, complete with skin. It can be messy trying to pull the cloves out of the skin, but the taste is very mild and I didn't have garlic breath or any odor on my fingers.An interesting specialty found on the table-top placard is mozzarella fried inside egg roll wrappers, served with ketchup.I finally got a chance to try the honey toast recently, and the hype is not unwarranted. It was delicious, fun to deconstruct, and they'll even stick a candle in it for your birthday.
5	Definitely one of the best japanese restaurants i have been to!! Off the strip which is kinda nice, seen how i dont like having to park in the hotels just to eat... researched restaurants before my vegas trip and found this one. In my weekend trip came here 3 times!! That says something. And a GIANT plus for being open until 3:00am... dayam. japanese food at 2:00am, freaking crazy. Food is AWESOME!! My favorite is the crab fried rice, but the yakisoba quesidilla is very good as well. Friends had other dishes and everyone was overly satisfied. The sushi was yummy as well. The one thing i do not like about the place is where they have all the specials.  They have specials and menu items posted on the walls everywhere, so if you sit down in one section you cannot see the items on the wall over on the other side, so unless you want to go over and look at the wall while disturbing the table by it, then you will never know what is over there.   :(  Plus we were really lazy and did not want to look.But other than that Ichiza was great, didn't wait long at all, and very very reasonable!!!  Definitely try the banana crepe for dessert!! Mouth watering delicious!!Cannot wait to go back, at least i am only a 1 1/2 hour plane ride away and i frequent vegas quite often!!DEFINITELY if you want some japanese food in vegas forget the high class expensive ass hotel ones and come here!!
4	I love going off strip when in Vegas, and when I went on a trip with my cousins for Samantha R.'s 21st birthday, we wantered over here to get our rice on. Yum yum yummy beef bowl!!When I lived in Japan, gyudon was one of my FAVORITE things to eat. You could get it at truckstops, 7-11, and it was always gourmet status. I hadn't had much luck finding one that lived up to my expectations from Japan. It's so simple...but Ichiza managed to replicate it very nicely!  I was in gyudon heaven. Paired with some iced coffee and kirin, a bunch of fun side orders....and you're set. One of the best meals I have had in Vegas!!Tip: Buy the cooks a beer...then you'll get the hook up!
1	Over-priced and over-rated.  A big bowl of rice for 2.50? Come on. They raised their prices even though some of the original prices were already high. Prices seem low but it's bar food so paying about 2 dollars for a miniature skewer of  two small pieces of chicken adds up really quickly. On top of that, the second time we came here, our waitress messed up our order and brought us the cow tongue skewer when we ordered the cow tongue stir-fry.  She was so shameless about her mistake that she forced us to keep and pay for the skewer.  Let's just say that there is only so much cow tongue a person wants to consume before you want to puke. The same waitress told us to "hide" our water bottle.We tried a dozen other things.  Bland fried smelt ( 4 dollars for 3 small pieces)  Good deep fried crabs (about 8 dollars).  Good yakitori.  Salmon skin salad was tiny and tasted only of salt. Bad cow tongue (sliced too thin which makes it rubbery and too salty).  My mother liked their shabu shabu salad and udon noodles with egg and one shitake mushroom.  There were many hits and misses that added up to one giant bill.  Expect to pay more than 40 dollars easily for a few small unsubstantial dishes.  It's a place you might come once to experience Japanese bar food but I find the food lacking and prices too unreasonable for repeat visits.  I came here twice and the second time was very disappointing.  If you like Japanese food,  you'll get better value by going to a Japanese restaurant with traditional basic dishes.  At least you won't leave hungry and broke.
5	We found this place through yelp, and couldn't agree more with how good it is.  All the food is great and quick - we loved the make-your-own handrolls (spicy tuna was better than salmon skin), asparagus-bacon was perfectly done, as well as everything else we tried. One of the best parts of the meal was the dessert - order the honey toast and be prepared to be in heaven.  Hollowed out white bread, toasted with butter, soaked in honey, with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top.  Price was reasonable for an izakaya restaurant - we are definitely going back the next time we are in town.
4	Ichiza is where tourists come to die. And by that, I mean I wish the tourists here would die. Something about being white, middle aged, and vacationing in Vegas brings out the worst in people. Add sake and gen-u-wine Japanese food, and you get fourty-somethings licking food off of each other's bodies (and then applauding each other's courage for doing something so indecent in public) while opting to forgo the wearing of footwear (and not as a display of respect, but as a display of drunken negligence- who walks around in a parking lot without shoes @ 2am?) While the menu at Ichiza is dynamic, drunken tourists are always on the menu. Yes: Kirin on tap, seared salmon belly, miso butterfish, kimchi fried rice, seared bonito, sashimi, rolled sushi, braised pork belly, mixed mushrooms, honey toast.  No: hamachi collar (salty and dry), skewers (blach- greasy), octopus and cucumber (not so fresh), anything with egg in it.
4	So everytime my GF and I go to Vegas we like to start with a AYCE Sushi lunch. Being an avid fan of Yelp and trusting the great advice i have received here in the past, we decided to go to this joint. We arrived in Vegas around 11:30 and it was right when the place opened.The place is located in a new strip mall about 10-15 minutes from the strip. The decor is nice, i can see it being a high end lounge/dinner type place at night. We were quickly seated as we were the first and only ones there. They promptly told us about the all you can eat and got us our drinksWe placed our orders, had the same ol we have everywhere else and I even was shcoked to see that they had Aji on the all you eat menu. First off, Aji in most places that I goto taste fishy, and that's places where I am paying $15-$20 for an order of Aji sashimi. So I am pretty skeptical when it came to a place that was offering it for AYCE. But surprisingly, and I do mean surprisingly, it was fresh! That itself garaunteed this place 3 stars no matter what. The rest of the sushi we ordered was great, it tasted fresh, the service was excellent, no real complaints what so ever for this place.The waitress was even nice enough to let us know that they had hamachi kama as the special for the day at that even though it wasnt on the menu it was eligible for AYCE. Not many places tell you about additional stuff when it comes to AYCE.  I was mighty impressed by this.I think that this place is very fairly priced, service is very good, decor and ambiance is also nice and relaxing. As time went by, more and more people came by to eat here, a lot of folks were also getting food to go. My GF and i are into trying new things, but the next time we go back to LV, we might just have to stop by here again.
4	In terms of having a bad experience at Ichiza, I haven't really had one. Sometimes the place is so busy that the servers are frantically running around, which sometimes leads to forgotten orders, but whatever, if I don't end up paying for it, what's the harm. I get a hankering for kimchee fried rice, the Ika-Yaki (grilled squid), grilled cow tongue, and the Yellowtail tartare. I love the tender grilled squid with the ginger sauce that is served alongside. The kimchee fried rice has just the perfect amount of the pickled cabbage, so that it is not too spicy, but it leaves you wanting more. The tartare is phenomenal, although I sometimes wish there were actually more yellowtail, and less of the other components (a stack of fried wonton crisps topped with sushi rice, pico de gallo, lettuce and a mix of chopped yellowtail and avocado.) Now I want some!
5	Definitely my favorite of Las Vegas. I was bummed they ran out of the honey toast, cuz I heard so much about it from fellow yelpers. So don't go so late like I did (12am).  I had the best beef ever!!! Even better than Korean BBQ...wait, nothing can beat korean bbq. Anyhoo, it's called "Beef Tataki." For like $6, it's a tiny dish with several slices of this deliciously flavored meat. I would rather have several dishes of this stuff than some plain boring american steak. Another fantastic dish: "Crab Fried Rice." Around $7, and it's a perfect size for one person. I think it's fake crab meat, but it's the best fried rice ever! They used some magical oils for sure. Not oily, just incredibly flavorful! This place uses fresh ingredients and makes every dish soooo intense with flavor, but still healthy!! I had the red snapper carpaccio as well,very fresh thinly sliced fish with some eggs and some veggies, but it felt too light like salad without much dressing. But seriously, I will come back to try everything :) I trust their taste. And the Japanese girls that work there are so cute and sweet. The manager is also very personable.
4	This is the new spot for late night dining. It's a drive coming from the strip, but it's well worth it. this place moves FAST. you grab a seat, get your order, eat, and be out. the food is excellent. i usually go for their tempura bowl, that's where it's at for me, but the rest of what they have is good too, though i tend to stick to what's proven. prices is decent (away from the strip price) and the food is excellent. the ladies definitely make the food and the place even better ;-)
4	Great place for Japanese yakitori type foods with authentic Japanese decor that makes you forget you're in Vegas.We had the Chazuke, rice in a green tea broth, with umeboshi (pickled ume fruit) & nori (seaweed). My friend commented it's perfect after a night of drinking.We also tried the whole Pike Mackerel, salted and grilled; as well as the Spanish mackerel ceviche, in a nice blend of oil & citrus. There's so much more on the menu I wish we tried, but unfortunately we were stuffed from our meal at Dos Caminos.
4	A great place to hang out with friends and have a drink. The variety of Japanese dishes available is awesome. It's delicious and very authentic. The food comes in small portions so be prepared to spend a little more.
5	Came here after seeing a UFC fight (Anderson Silva putting some guy out in 15 seconds) around 10pm or so.  Still very crowded.  Arrived, advised the greeter that I had reservations, which I made on their website, only to be told that the website rez tool doesn't work.  Not a good start.But soon thereafter, I took note of what everyone here has been talking about as this place kicks ass.  I'll save you the time by not raving about the common stuff (yakitori, etc), but other less conspicuous items were fantastic (tako wasa, etc).  My buddy and I (mostly me) downed large bottle of Hakkaisan sake and was feeling real good.I would highly recommend this place to anyone, and especially to those that need to entertain Japanese guests at a fairly authentic-tasting place in LV.
4	A healthy appetite is required to visit this izakaya.  Shoes are not.  Do not let the smellavator to the second level of this strip mall dissuade you; the homeless man who slept in there last night did NOT dine on the menagerie of heterogeneous treats you're about to swill.  Don't restrict yourself to the table menu; the tastiest creations are scrawled on the walls all around you, from floor to ceiling.  You'll want to finish with the honey toast; a giant, absurdly fluffy hollowed out loaf of bread filled to bursting with honey and ice cream.  So filling you may be tempted to pass out in the elevator yourself.  Don't do it.  The fragrant gentleman that really needs to sleep there doesn't have a suite at the Venetian awaiting him.
3	Came here for lunch and quickly learned the real menu comes out only for dinner.  We made the best of it and ordered up chirashi sushi and a couple tuna and yellowtail rolls.  The meal was ok but the fish wasn't the freshest.  I think I'll have to come back for dinner on my next visit to render a final judgement.
4	Guys, I totally wanted to give this place 5 stars.  Heck, yelpers are ranting and raving about how awesome this place is.  However, I had to peel a star off.  Here's why.First of all, we walked in and guys were screaming at each other.  Literally, being completely obnoxious. They continued to do that while the chefs and owner looked on with disgust.Anyways, food wise, takowasa, awesome (better than Honda-Ya's), sea urchin custard (wow) and everything else was ok.  Honda-Ya has better yakitori.  I recommend going with a big group.  It is absolutely not a date place.
5	My BF and I went on a Wednesday night and it was crowded.  We ate at the booth because we didn't want to wait long for a table.  Anyways, the food was awesome.  So much dishes to choose from.  I also noticed more dishes on the walls, but I was so stuffed from the regular menu.  I'll definitely got to go back to try them.  The sashimi was awesome.  It was also fun watching them put all the dishes together.
3	4 stars for the service.4 stars for food presentation.3 stars for taste (Udon was a tad too bland)3 and a 1/2 stars for atmosphere.Extremely meduim overall.
3	Eh I'm torn between a 3 star and a 4 star...they should enable half stars on here so I can give the place 3 1/2.  I've tried a bunch of the stuff that's posted on the walls as well as some straight off their menu.  Most of them are decent and a few are good.  I want to like this place more but I just can't seem to.Do try their miso butterfish, curry udon, and the soy mousse pudding for dessert.
2	Are... you.... kidding?   Folks, this is why I started Yelping.  To bring truth to the masses - to expose restaurants for what they really are.  I'm in Las Vegas for Halloween and I wanted some good sushi.  So I searched on Yelp.com for "sushi" in Las Vegas.  I filtered the results by "Highest Rated" and guess what showed up?   Ichiza.   Sighhhhhhh  This is proof that you can't always trust what 123 reviewers think about a place.  For those of you familiar with my reviews, you should know how big of a sushi snob I am.  You should also know how much I appreciate stumbling across "hole in the wall" sushi joints.  I love finding a diamond in the rough.  Ichiza, however, is not one.   Not even close.  For starters, let's talk about the menu.  Why do they have a menu?  I looked over this menu and there were THREE sushi rolls.  ONLY THREE?  How can you only have three sushi rolls???  One of them was a California Roll, which doesn't count.  The other was a tempura roll, which also is not real sushi.   The third was the Spider Roll, fried soft shell crab in a roll.   I asked the waitress if they had another menu for sushi - surely, this can't be it.  She explained, the rest of the menu is on the walls.  What?  You mean all those random pieces of paper taped to the walls of the restaurant?  That's the full menu?  So... do you want me to get up and walk around the entire restaurant and try to find and memorize what i want to eat?  This is EFFING RIDICULOUS!  So after I browsed the "menu wall", I found two other rolls.  One was called the Natto Roll, which was soybean and okra in a roll that's deep fried and topped with tuna.   The other was called the Eel-Kara-age Roll, which has baked eel and fried chicken in a roll.   God help me, this was the worst crap I've eaten in so long.  The Natto Roll was FUNKY.  I love okra and I love soybeans, but mix the two together and add spongy rice and deep-fry it and suddenly it's disgusting.   The Eel-Kara-age didn't taste as bad, but was poorly created.  It's just rice stacked with a piece of fried chicken and a piece of eel on top.  That's it.  Sigh.   The Spider Roll, the only roll that I recognized from other sushi places, was not made like any Spider Roll I've ever had.  Yeah, they deep-fried the soft shell crab, but what's up with rolling it up with lettuce, carrots and cucumber?  LETTUCE, CARROTS and CUCUMBER???  In a sushi roll???? WHAT THE HELL IS HAPPENING?  IS THIS A SICK AND TWISTED HALLOWEEN PRANK??  My friends were wiser than I was and decided to order the ramen instead.  They thought it was awful.  Noodles were not cooked enough and were hard. The broth was not good, either.  I've posted a picture of them - check it out.Ok, enough about the baffling menu and utterly worthless food.  Lets talk service.  The waitress was quick enough coming over to take our order, but it took awhile because I had to run around the restaurant and tell her what I wanted.  Once she gave me my food though, she was hard to find.  I had to track another waitress down twice to get refills on my Diet Coke.  Btw, they don't have soft drinks on tap - only by the can and they charge you $5 per can.  Be warned.  If you're staying on the Strip, like most people are, then this place is a little hard to get to unless you take a cab.  I would definitely not recommend walking to it.  It's also in a pretty ghetto part of town - be careful walking back at night.  Just take a cab both ways.   The only REAL positive about this place?  I'm not sure how the waitresses dress during every other day of the year, but on Halloween they went all out.   There was a slutty bee, a slutty nurse, a slutty angel, and a slutty cabaret girl.  They were HOT.  If you're into hot asian chicks (I married one. Hot asian chicks ftw), then you'll find them working here.  Is it worth eating here though?  Sadly...... no.  Maybe you can come in right before closing and ask them if they wanna have a drink somewhere else.. far away.
5	Easiest 5 STARS I ever gave!!!LATE NIGHT JAPANESE FOOD AT ITS FINEST!!!Reasonable pricesTasty foodExcellent serviceI have taken many friends here (see MANONG P.)and they all come back.Its a good place to eat thats quick and easy, EVEN WHEN ITS PACKED!!!I have eaten here for almost 10 years and its the same as it ever was.They have all the classic Japanese late night food.RamenUdon Unagi Beef TongueFlied LiceGyozaSobaKara-ageLots of unique dessertsI have recently heard of the HONEY TOAST...and its supposed to be another culinary gem.  NEXT TIME.They even have fresh SUSHI!!!I can say fresh because the place gets packed, so you know turnover is proper.Anyways, my main dish of choice is the TEMPURA BOWL.Tempura deep fried perfectly crunchy and golden with a sauce to match the appeal.  Add a large bowl of steamed rice and within 1 hour you will have a self induced food coma.  Mmmmmmmm good.I have been eating it for years.....but due to current conditions in the financial markets and the connection to my gastronomical tract....I chose the safer Sashimi, a bowl of rice and a bowl of soup.Last time I was there, the waitress mentioned they have BLUE FIN TORO.Now usually I would not try it from a restaurant that I dont trust but due to the standard that Ichizzle has upheld over the years I felt comfortable and went ahead and ordered the TORO.BAMMM!!!!  POOOWWWWWW!!!!!!  ZING!!!!!!!  WOWOWOWEEEEEEE!!!!!EXCELLENT TORO!I sat at the bar and the sushi chef gave me my order and I must say even the presentation was excellent.SIMPLE and CLEAN.That was it.That was the final straw.After eating here for years and years.I finally had to write a review.Its that good folks.Do me a favor and make sure you take care of this place Yelpers....Its a keeper.Enjoy and Repeat When Necessary.
5	I love this place!
5	Unfortunately I haven't been to this awesome place for dinner.. but the lunch was actually awesome despite the limited menu and the fact that I couldn't order honey toast !My coworker and I tried Japanese curry with breaded pork, and a bento type box with rice, salad, miso, fried chicken, and sashimi. The breaded pork they used on the curry was labeled as Berkshire and wow, this was the best Japanese pork I've ever eaten. Moist, perfect crunch, and amazing flavor. It was perfect with the curry!Sashimi was fresh.. Tuna wasn't the least bit fishy. They also had the traditional Japanese egg sushi thingy (ok so I don't know Japanese, forgive me).. the egg was yummy as well.I always love Japanese fried chicken and this was no exception!Service was lovely, and all the food was great. The only disappointment is the no honey toast at lunch... WHY..
4	I really enjoyed having dinner at Ichiza. It was totally different from any other Japanese restaurant that I've been too and they had a vast array of different dishes you can order. From sashimi, to udon, to beef tongue skewers, it was a perfect place, for a curious and fickle person like me, to choose several dishes and taste a little bit of everything. I had: - Beef tongue skewers (YUMMMM) - Chicken liver (not so good, for those who don't normally like liver) - tofu salad w/ tuna sashimi (yummmm) - Inigari (?)- this is little fishes stuffed with fish eggs...really good. - wasabi octopus- so good, raw octopus in wasabi sauce - Uni with mochi - the quality of their uni is really good, but the slice of mochi was a tad too large, but overall really good. I wanted to also try the honey toast but I ran out of space in my stomach. I saw a table next to me order it, and it looked DELICIOUS. I'm going to try next time, which means I am planning on going back and trying more of their delectable tapas! In terms of ambiance, it's good for a date, a night out with your girlfriends, or even a birthday party. Just make sure you make a reservation if you're going to have a big party, or even a small one. Prices are definitely reasonable for the type of food you get. Be adventurous at Ichiza and you will be pleasantly surprised!
5	Wow... GREAT Japanese Tapa styled dishes. Everything here is sooo good. The only problem was the wait. We went during dinner hours and had to wait an hour. It was worth it though.
5	Inexpensive and yummy. Who knew there was such Japanese food in Vegas? I didn't. Is it because I don't visit Vegas often enough? Or is it because I don't venture away from the strip? Well I'm glad I did this time, otherwise, I would have seriously missed out on some great tapas style Japanese food. The ramen was amazing. One of the best that I've ever had in the US. I tried this tuna mochi thing that just melted in my mouth. I didn't even know there was tuna mochi. Did you? The moment I saw it I thought I must've been living in a food bubble all this time (even though my food bubble is probably way bigger than a lot others). I also wanted to try the uni mochi but it was sold out. I'm guessing that is a popular dish too. I can't ever dine at a Japanese restaurant without ordering salmon sashimi. OMG! It was divine. The fish just melted away in my mouth like butter. I love butter! The desert has fresh fish! I'm impressed. It even taste better than most of the salmon I had at some of the more popular Japanese restaurants in LA. If you ever go to Ichiza, you have to save room for the big block of honey toast dessert. I love bread! I love honey! It was my perfect dessert. Actually it would've even been better if I could've drizzled some condensed milk over it. I have to go back for more. I only had two bites of the toast. =)I would stay away from the skewers though.
5	I lived in Las Vegas for almost 10 years & was luckier in the game of fine dining than most people are in their entire lives. Ichiza is one of the spots that I miss the most. I crave it all the time and hope to fine a substitute in the S.F. area someday soon. Unfortunately I only discovered it during my last 6 months or so thanks to my late night dinners with my japanese yoga guru Yuko. This is the best Izakaya I have ever been to. If you like organs than you are in business, the liver stew is to die for. The sake and soju cocktail selections are wonderful as well. You must go there with an open mind and an empty stomach to truly enjoy your dining experience. Warning you may feel as if you some how time warped from Sin City to Shinjuku. Don't worry if you O.D. on the sake you can always go downstairs to Zizzy's to sing your self sober with some karaoke.
4	No trip to Las Vegas is complete without a trip to Ichiza. For our family that is. On previous visits it's been very hard to get a table due to the crowds, but on this particular trip, we were able to get a table with no trouble at all. Maybe it's due to the economy, but maybe it's because Ichiza now opens for lunch instead of just dinner and people come early on instead of late at night. I think that's why they always run out of ramen soup stock whenever we are there around 10pm. It's a bummer too since my wife was craving their chasu ramen.This time we tried salmon ochazuke which I've never had before. It's a rice with salmon and nori in a green tea broth. It was different and not bad. I always love the miso butterfish here and it never fails us every time. Ichiza is best enjoyed with a bunch of friends who love to eat and drink, but no matter who you go with, the food will always keep you coming back for more.
5	Thanks Yelp! This place is chronic!!Every time I hit up Vegas, I'm gonna be here for sures. Everything was tasty and you don't have to pay an arm and a leg to eat here. The wait for a seat can be long, but well worth it. Lots to choose from which can be confusing but part of the fun. Sorry for any rehashing of the info, but these are my thoughts:1.  beef tongue skewer- my favorite, tender and tasty. I ordered more.2.  chicken gizzard skewer- a little dried out3.  miso butterfish- flavorful but a little undercooked and chewy. My fiancee loved it.4.  fried breadcrumb quail eggs- different texture, real good with the sauce.5.  red snapper carpaccio- very refreshing after eating all the grilled meats.6.  salmon sashimi- can't go wrong, very fresh.7.  bacon wrapped mochi- goddamn! you wrap bacon around old socks and it'll taste good!8.  banana crepe- not impressed. They ran out of the toast at 7pm!
4	Our table for 8 quickly morphed to 9 on a Saturday night but the good folks at Ichiza didn't bat an eye. Our party (read: my family) included multiple picky eaters including a person who doesn't eat seafood and two people who have never eaten Japanese food. Unfathomable, I know. . .Still, with Ichiza's extensive menu I managed to get an array of plates to please every palette. Even the seafood hater seemed genuinely pleased with his sizzling steak while the rest of us sampled the sushi. This visit to Ichiza was much like a reunion, where the food took a bit of a backseat to catching up with everyone. But one thing I'll never forget about the meal was the honey toast: a half loaf of bread toasted and hollowed out to accommodate vanilla ice cream with honey on the bottom. Do not leave Ichiza without ordering it!
5	Truly authentic and decadent Japanese food! I would not recomend this place to anyone who likes "Americanized" versions of Asian food. Service and atmosphere were excellent. This is a true GEM!
5	This joint has really authentic Japanese food, with a super bad ass atmosphere, and unbelievable prices.It's small, but has so much personality. If you sit at the table, you take your shoes off and sit on pillows.You are surrounded by many pieces of paper on the wall that each notes a menu item...some in English some in Japanese.Most of the food items we had no idea what they were, but what the heck, we tried all kinds of things we've never had before. That was part of the fun.We ordered Saki, and dish after dish. We thought we were done until I remembered we HAD to try the honey toast; it was really good. I also recommend the Toro (tuna belly...may sound gross, but it was mouth watering delicious). With all that we consumed between the 8 of us, our jaws dropped when we say how little such a great time cost.Also would recommend you make reservations just in case. We went Christmas Eve and had to wait 'till 11PM to get in.
5	I was thinking about how much I've missed real Izakaya food. And then i realized I haven't reviewed Ichiza. Let me tell you how much we loved this place when we live in Sin City...we'd come here at least once a week...sometimes two for a few months straight. We'd filled up the frequent diner card so quickly that we were getting the max. discount within 2 months. Since we've moved back to So Cal, I have yet to find another Izakaya that is as good and inexpensive as Ichiza. Yes...inexpensive is the keyword in this economy!! So...in a nutshell this is the main reason I miss Vegas...sad huh?
5	Long time yelper, first time review.I went to this place based off of its rating on this site on Saturday night in January at around 10:30 pm. The place is EXTREMELY casual and lively. We waited for about 20 minutes and sat at the bar.  The sushi chefs do not engage the patrons unlike most bars and the waitresses' attitudes are just a tad above neutral.  The food however makes up for all of this.  It was insanely good for the price.  If you like authentic Japanese over fusion you won't be disappointed.  The sake was great, the sashimi fresh, and the specials unique.  I never paid more than $10 for a dish and I tried some of their most expensive specials.When I gave the hostess my name, Brad, she wrote it down in Japanese on the list.  Did I mention this place was authentic?For the love of god/science ... get the honey toast, words cannot describe this deceptively extravagant treat.  Worth the trip alone.
5	All 5 star reviews are well deserved.Food is amazing. Prices even more amazing. If this place were in a casino the dishes would be 3X the price and STILL be worth it.Go.
5	The atmosphere alone was worth leaving the Vegas Strip and enjoying the sake and Fatty Tuna!  It is a great place to have fun with old friends.
2	My parents were visiting from LA and out of all restaurants I chose Ichiza. Big mistake. Wow! I am in shock with the service we got tonight. I've been here about 3 times and never had a problem until tonight. The moment we walked in the waitress sat us by the door and my parents didn't want to sit there because they were cold. So we asked to sit somewhere else, she would not move us even though half the restaurant was empty. It was confusing and did not make sense. Then we continued to order and there were two specific problems we encountered. 1- we ordered garlic bok choy. Granted I never ordered this before, but for 4.95 you literally got 3 bites of bok choy. I can honestly say it was one stem that was broken up into the individual pieces. It blew my mind!! I almost thought it was a joke. Yes everything is small there, but this was beyond a small portion, it was miniature. I thought no way-how can this be?Then I ordered 2 tuna sashimi salads and asked for the dressing on the side. She brought one small bowl half filled with ponzu sauce (which is the dressing used for the salad) then she brought one small bowl filled with sesame oil. Ok no thanks I dont want to pour oil right onto my dressing. I asked for one more bowl of ponzu sauce and she made the biggest deal out of it, sending it back and talking to everyone about it-like I was a crazy and asking for something out of the ordinary. I'm sorry, but for two salads I don't think its that difficult to bring two bowls of dressing on the side and do it with a smile. I order dressing on the side everywhere and they acted like I was an alien for asking for it this way. So she brings back literally 1 tablespoon of ponzu in a big bowl. WOW! I was so humiliated and embarassed that I took my parents here telling them it's a really good place. They know they can always trust my food taste and I was blown away by the waitress. Now I don't want to judge a place simply by one waitress, but both waitresses were this way and the guy in the back who shook his head when she brought back the oil to ask him what it was. I guess she didn't know what sesame oil looks like even though she works there and should know the menu????? Poor service, again. If a customer asks for more dressing, bring it. We paid %60 for our food, that's the least you can do. Also, the waitresses never came by to refill water or ask if everything is ok, not even once. I guess she was pissed off about the dressing incident. Now, I don't want to sound like one of those annoying people that one thing wrong and I change my mind about a restaurant. But if I am going to bring out of town visitors here and I am a loyal customer, I think I deserve some decent service. I will never come back and never tell others to come here. Also, I am not missing out on anything-the food is really ok-not bad-but I've had WAY better elsewhere. Ichiza, we are broken up forever!
5	Good Food & Vibe! Where can you get Beef, Chicken livers, and Gizzards? While eating some Natto and washing it down with some sake and Sapparo beer chasers?  The one dish that caught my eye and stomach was the whole grilled squid. Nicely done! Not over cooked rubbery, nice char with great flavor! Next was the whole grilled mackerel, and some interesting interpretations of Maki rolls. Very affordable! it's one of those places you go eat great food, get full,  and still have money left over for some extra beers!  Definitely one of those places you would go back again and again! gochissama
3	Before leaving San Diego for Vegas during the Holidays, I decided to look up affordable and good Japanese restaurants on Yelp.I stumbled upon this place and actually tried it out.Honestly, I wasn't THAT impressed.When my family and I first arrived at Ichiza, I was definitely fascinated by how the restaurant looked and was really excited to try their food (especially the honey toast that everyone seemed to be going gaga over).I had a hard time picking out something from the menu and the random dishes that were posted around the room. I ended up just getting a shrimp tempura bowl and these..chicken meatball things.The shrimp tempura bowl was decent and filling but the chicken meatballs were pretty good.I think that I was more impressed with my little brother's mozzarella sticks rather than my actual meal, haha.I don't really remember what my parents ordered but they seemed to enjoy the place way more than I did.Oh oh, and the honey toast WAS pretty good.It took like.. half an hour for the order to come through though.
5	Don't let the strange location and authentic atmosphere scare you away.  This place was awesome.  The blue fin tuna belly was unreal!
5	ive taken trips to vegas numerous times, and i really am getting sicking of dining on the strip, where food is most definitely overpriced. we went off the strip to "be local," and came to ichiza, which is apparently one of the best restaurants here. and boy, it IS good! i had the half size ramen, miso cod, and hamachi sashimi. all of it was fresh, all of it was good. and since ive heard so much about the honey toast, i got it, and its HUGE and realllyyyy good. GREAT place, and the next time i visit vegas, i'm coming back again.
5	As many other people have posted here, we were bored with the plastic of the Vegas strip. We had no idea where to go and the cab dropped us in the parking lot of a two story strip mall that didn't look too appealing to start off with. After walking around a while, a very helpful local directed us to Ichiza. By the outside appearance, I didn't expect much.It was very quaint, very pleasant and seemed very authentic. We sat at the bar and were a little confused on where to start. After settling in we enjoyed several plates of sushi. My favorite was the Yellow Fin Tar Tar. (Had two plates of that!) The beer was cold and everyone was pleasant. Three different waiters served us and all were attentive and seemed eager to help.The bill wasn't bad and even though seating was limited, we never felt rushed to leave. Other than the girl sitting next to us that said 'crazy' more times than a stuck Patsy Cline LP, it was a very enjoyable visit. It wasn't the best sushi I've ever had but everything fit nicely. We had no expectations and it definitely over delivered.
4	Sweet Baby Jesus... try the honey toast. Trust me, just try it.I'm having honey toast withdrawal symptoms already and it's only been a couple days.
3	it was okay...for those of you from hawaii, the honey toast is similar to shokudo, but nothing out of the ordinary.
5	this place was OUTSTANDING! my wife and i were heading to vegas for some new years fun and we were hungry so we made reservations about 20 miles out and didn't know what to expect ... it was vegas after all. but it was a good sign that we could make our reservations in japanese. the rest of you yelpers didn't let us down ... the good reviews for this place were well deserved and we're glad we took the chance on it. nearly everything was great here and their ankimo (one of my favorites) was really good too. we forgot we were in vegas ... it's like we were teleported to one of our favorite little places in shinjuku.
3	We had the honey toast and it was just okay.  Something different but nothing special.  They burnt ours a little and for 8 bucks....I can probably make my own.  They do have a very expansive menu all over their walls.  I think I spent the whole time there staring at the walls trying to see what they have.  Service was good and they were busy.  I might have to go back and try the other food to see if they warrant more stars like the other patrons have given them.
4	Two words. Honey toast. Imagine ice cream trapped in a box of bread sweetened by honey. Sounds weird but its amazing. Try it, you wont be disappointed. Pair it up with some of their Sake + a group of friends and it makes for one fun night. My only gripe about this place is that it gets packed and wait times can get long.
4	3.5 starsI came here due to all the reviews of the Honey Toast.  I'm a dessert girl, so I HAD to try it!Kinda hard to find, since it is on the upper level of a complex down the street from Vegas' "chinatown".  We made reservations for 5:30pm, they open at 5 so the place wasn't packed like some of the revews here stated.  The place was very small, and definitely a hole-in-the-wall type of place, not fancy at all (just a heads up if you were expecting something fancy! It's very casual).  Servers were friendly and helpful when questioned about what to order.Although they did have the usual sushi and sashimi selections, other items on the menu were definitely not for people who like americanized asian food (they had gizzards, beef tongue, liver and such foods not for the faint of heart!).  They also had ramen, which sounded interesting from the description, and hopefully not JUST the cheap ramen u can buy at the supermarket.  One of the reasons why I liked this place is because it had more variety of stuff that you can't find at the typical japanese restaurant.  Our waitress recommended the black cod, which was excellent.  I love fish, and it was really good.  It was a very small portion, though, and it did not come with anything except a dab of some stuff that looked and tasted like pureed radish, which was also good.  I noticed that the portions here in general were pretty small.  My BF ordered sushi that the waitress recommended as well, which were small sushi stacked sandwich-style between crunchy wonton-type things, which I thought was an interesting presentation.  Don't remember the name of it, but it was good.I didn't see a dessert menu, and didn't ask for one cause I knew I came here to try the honey toast for dessert.  I agree with the reviews, it WAS really good.  The waitress said it takes about 15 min to come out so order it early if you don't want to wait.  The ingredients were very simple - it's a block of crusty bread, very soft and warm on the inside, with butter, honey, and a scoop of Vanilla ice cream.  I could probably make a similar version at home.  Definitely made to share between at least 2 people.  If you love bread, butter, honey, and ice cream, it is definitely worth coming here to try it.This is a nice place for a small group, we sat comfortably in a group of 4.  Anything bigger seems that it would either be a long wait to sit or long wait for the food.  Towards the end of our meal, I could feel the staff watching us waiting for us to finish, and felt like we were rushed out.  I did have a good food experience here though, and will definitely return to try more things on the menu.  Maybe I'll get enough courage to try the beef tongue next time!
5	Two words: baby octopus.  Oh yeah, the honey toast is pretty good too.  :)
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas.  Not expensive.  Fun, good crowd (mostly Japanese).  Intriguing casual ambiance.  It's almost always full - there may be a line.  Compares to some of the better Japanese I've had at home-style Japanese restaurants in NYC and Tokyo.  Almost every dish is good.  Lunch is inexpensive and excellent.   Although sushi and sashimi is not their specialty, IMHO it's as good as any in Vegas except for Sen and Osaka.  I dine at Ichiza quite often, even though it's a 25 minute drive.  It's also my age-4 daughter's favorite restaurant.  (She's always begging to go there to eat hamachi sashimi.)
4	There's an amazing selection of authentic japanese dishes at Ichiza. Both times I came here for dinner, we ended up over-ordering since there were so many of our favorite dishes. We also sat at the bar both times and the head sushi chef is super nice/friendly. The chef challenged us to order any kind of handroll we can think of! I would recommend saving room for the honey toast dessert. I had no idea how toast, honey and ice cream can taste like heaven in your mouth! No joke.other recommended dishes - chicken skewers, tuna tofu salad, miso soup (tastes lighter than other restaurants'), handrolls, diced steak
4	By Vegas standards this place is pretty good! Surprisingly kinda decent vibe inside. Don't be fooled by it being in a strip mall. P.S. The tea place downstairs is worth a try as well. :)
5	Ichiza, Ichiza, Oh how i love to zee ya.....This place is no joke, Americans will have to be adventerous to eat here... beef tongue, liver, gizzards, uni, yamakatakawatta?  Green this, brown that mixed with what?Yep, it's the real deal Japanese tapas... looks like you are in Tokyo inside, complete with paper specials stuck on the walls.Order Shishito (sweet peppers) with any of the grilled skewered items... like the Kushi-tan (Beef Tongue) slightly chewy but tender at the same time, unusual but good.  Chicken gizzard?  Yep, hard to describe if you haven't had it.  Crunchy?  Snappy?  Kinda like biting into a good dog and it snaps when you bite it....either way, a delicacy?  Sprinkle some Togarashi on it and bite a pepper with it and you are really grubbin now....oh, and wash it down with some Sapporo or Kirin on tap.  One of my fav sashimi is Bonito, they serve it with ponzu sauce, green onions,ginger and white onions, yummmmmmm. On the hott side, I tried the grilled black cod (butterfish) oh soo tender, flaky, buttery....had to order some rice to eat with it (gotta have my rice) the skin: salty, crispity, crunchy, my mouth waters just thinkin' about it.  My neighbor shared their unagi,tempura,tuna roll thingy....the trick is to get the whole piece in your mouth to experience the plethora of complex flavors, pleasant to the palate yet tantalizing to the tastebuds... then we started sharin' beeeers together... let's just say sapporo stock went up that night, cool peeps though.I'm not much of a sweet tooth, so I didn't try the infamous "honey toast" but it does look good...til next time, happy Izakaya-ing!
3	Geez - i go to update my review and notice that i've yet to write a review !!  In the last 2 years, i've eaten here at least 5 times - primarily late night, once at lunch ( don't recommend since the "wall" items are unavailable ) In 2008, i was a fan - A BIG FAN ! Pub like atmosphere, unique, well prepared food, decent drinks.  In 2009 - Ichiza is starting to lose it's luster.  The service has never been the best, but dang it, the service this year has downright sucked -  and heaven forbid someone say sorry for the forgotten orders, the delay in bringing the food, running out of items, etc But the food is still decent - i consider the food to be a cut ( a decent cut ) below Raku but a notch above Shuseki, but i've had better service as of late at Shuseki.Still love the honey toast, the grilled tongue and the tuna w/ the raw egg ( some of the items are not for the faint of heart )  - the gizzards were cold ( service related )Based on the number of people still frequenting Ichiza, they probably don't give a rats ass what i think, but  times they are tough, now is not the time to rest on your  laurels !
4	THE place to go to for dinner in Vegas.  Super friendly staff, GREAT food.  They have all kinds of specials on the wall that aren't on the menu.  Something for everyone type of place.  Kinda hard to find if you don't know what you're looking for.  It's on the second floor of a strip mall.  -1 star Inadequate beer and sake selection.  Quite a shame, really.  I think they would make a TON of money if they served like Koshihikaris, Yebisus, and an assortment of daiginjos and junmais.  Oh well.  My friends and I went here for a bachelor party dinner.  We had a blast.  None of us were into boobies or anything, in hindsight we should have just stayed here and drank/snacked the night away.  Take a cab....
1	Wow, I guess things change quite a bit when you don't pay attention! Went there, or at least tried to go there a couple of days ago for dinner. I'd actually would write a great review for the food, but I think not! I got there around 6pm on a Wednesday night! Keep in mind that only 3 tables were occupied with only 3 people at the bar. Call it poor seating, being unorganized? Trying to seat 2 people in a corner section facing 1ft. from the wall is not my cup of tea. I asked for a table, but to no avail! I was told that they are not available! huh? what? are you kidding me? on an early Wed, night? Not even a 1/4 full dining room? No reserve signs on the tables? hum... Don't know about you, but the last time I actually paid to eat facing a wall...Well never, so I certainly was not about to start now...It was kinda of obvious that my business was not wanted...I just walked out without saying anything...Too bad, cause the service was usually OK, but I kept coming back for the food...Now it seems like I will not come back for a while...
4	I liked the place, though for the uninformed, it's a little intimidating.  You are seated either at the bar, on a regular table, or on a low table with cushions.  They give you a small little menu, but their real menu is on pieces of paper handwritten with prices in English and Japanese, posted on the walls all over the restaurant.  If you're looking for a fine dining experience where the waitstaff holds your hand through the entire meal, you'll be a little lost in Ichiza.  Go ahead and walk around and look at the walls for things you'd like to order.  They're all pretty cheap.The servers are attentive and friendly, and always keep your glass full, so don't worry about that.  I don't drink often and I'm almost always the driver, so I wasn't able to sample their sake and such, but we had the ramen, beef curry, and a red snapper dish, and all were excellent, though the ramen wasn't exactly the taste I was looking for.  A little soy sauce and spices perked it right up, though!I recommend the beef curry, but this time was me playing it safe.  I'll be more adventurous next time, but in the meanwhile, I'll recommend this place.  Get comfy, it's not any fun if you're tense.
4	My friend and I happened to go to Ichiza while we were in Vegas when we found out that the restaurant we were hoping to go to closed at 10 p.m. and by the time we had reached the hotel it was 9:58 p.m. Darn Vegas strip traffic! I searched yelp on my phone in a moment of desperation for a Japanese restaurant that was open and in the area and thanks to you guys, we found out about this cool little place.I got excited when I read it was an izakaya. I currently have a secret love affair with an izakaya in my area so I was looking forward to checking out another place. The yakitori was good; nice healthy portion. The piggy in me noticed that a lot of the pictures on the walls of their rolls consisted of four or five pieces and I tend to like a big, fat roll. We went ahead and ordered the squid and uni roll anyway. The uni tasted nice and fresh, the squid was another story. I usually love squid, but I just hated the super slimy texture that it brought to the roll. I thought the whole menu thing on the walls was a cute and quirky aspect of the restaurant; however, it got kind of annoying because I have horrible eyesight and I couldn't read stuff across the aisle. No way was my lazy ass going to get up and read everything on all the walls either. I think the honey toast is worth trying. Reminded me of a different version of the brick toast you can get at Guppies, but a better version! Reasonable prices, something rare in touristy Vegas.
4	Food is amazing. Great place for a yakitori most of all this place is owned by Japanese and the cooks and servers are japanese as well.Something you should try if you are hungry for japanese Cuisine
5	Avoid the buffets in Vegas and eat something more low key!I love eating yakitori and beef tongue, and this restaurant does not disappoint.
5	went here a couple times.  the first time was during charlie's bachlor party.  we were kinda hungary and wanted to get something in ranch99 but it was close.  i wonder into this shop cuz the waitress was pretty cute.  we end up eating there and the food was surprisingly great and cheap.  that was in 2005.was there again last month when me nelson and kevin went to vegas.  nelson's bro, a vegas local, took us here and i was pleasantly surprised and all, "yeah i know this place".  this time we order like half the menu, since kevin was the big winner... cant believe it, won almost $1k playing $10 hands on 3 card poker... anyways, we order the chicken gizzard skewer, some udon, some fish with eggs, more fish, and tons of stuff.  i think we order 10-15 apps...  it was the 5 of us.  the bill was less then $100.  i dont remember since kevin took care of it.  in summary, i love this type of food.  and to find it in vegas is awesome....
4	it's good food.  i mean, great food considering it's in vegas.  i come here all the time - relaxed atmosphere, nice waitresses, cool sushi chef, expansive menu.  i recommend karapeno rice and curry udon with beef on it.  you're probably looking at about 15-30 for dinner.  10-15 for lunch.
4	AN OFF THE STRIP HOLE IN THE WALL THAT WAS VERY SATISFYING...During my best friend's bachelorette party weekend in Vegas, a fellow bridesmaid (who uses yelp religiously for good eat recommendations as well) suggested to dine here. Luckily we had a minivan that could pack in 9 girls and take a 10-15 minute drive away from the strip.ICHIZA is located on the second floor of an Asian strip mall. In comparison to the other Vegas restaurants on the strip, this was definitely no fancy place (a bit of a hole in the wall) but definitely had character. Since we arrived early for dinner we got to eat in one of the two group tables in the back where you take your shoes off.I can honestly say I've never been to a Japanese restaurant like this before....when we looked at the menu we were all a little taken back (I guess I'm a bit sheltered when it comes to authetic Japanese food).....what no bento boxes? no large sushi menu?.....then what do they serve? This place was everything but ordinary....On the walls they posted signs with the various small dishes that ranged from $2 to $6 and various things on the menu I've never heard off. Each lady ordered 2-4 mini appetizers or dishes and we all just shared everything. It was super fun getting to sample alot of things in one siting. We kind of played it safe because alot of the choices sounded a bit scary. From what I remember we grubbed on:-Japanese style crab fried rice (yumm)-Kimchi with pork (This was one of my favorites)-Grilled mackarel-Grilled bacon wrapped Mochi (sounded so weird we had to try it)-Sweet grilled corn-Deep fried chow mein (kinda like pan fried noodles)-Fried calamari-Mini fried chicken pieces-A couple sushi speciality rolls (unagi & scallop) of the few choices they had-And can't forget about the famous HONEY TOAST (SWEET BREAD ALA MODE)!!!!....Note: It does takes about 15 minutes to cook and we ordered 3 seperate ones so that there was 3 people to each honey toast. This dessert really topped off the meal and is probably what pushed this to a 4 star review! The waitresses were overall friendly but kind of hard to understand since I think they were more fleunt in Japanese than english. By the time we left the place, which was about 8:30pm on a Saturday night this small place was packed with several costumers waiting outside...so again it was comforting to know that it can be a popular place during peak dining times.Although we were skeptical when we first walked in, this ended up being a memorable dinner with the ladies for $25 a person (which inlcuding us treating the bride to be). So if you are tired of the Vegas buffets, want something more authentic, wanna try something new, and have a car (as I don't thinnk it's necessarily worth a cab ride from the strip), I'd definitely recommend giving this place a shot if you wanna dine with all the locals.THIS UNIQUE JAPANESE-STYLE TAPAS PLACE HIT THE SPOT!!!
5	The business hours in the header are wrong.  ICHIZA is open for lunch.  They close at 2:30AM on Sunday.  We were told that they take reservations for after 10:00 PM only.  Maybe this is a Sunday only thing, not sure.This is a great place.  First time there we went for a late dinner on Sunday 3-29-2009.  My dinner guest and I had to wait 20 minutes for a table with chairs, not bad for such a small, popular place.  It's immediately clear that this is an izakaya; very social, low key, and culturally interesting.  This is a place for real people, not wannabe players or high brows concerned about impressing people with their image.  ICHIZA is all about great food, great drink, and good, honest social fun.Minimal sake list, but a few decent selections both hot and cold.  We ordered a 720ml bottle of Masumi Yumedono junmai daiginjo, a very nice chilled sake that matched well with the food we ordered.  Most restaurants charge around 2x what you would pay at a wine/liquor retail store and this bottle was only marked up about 1.4x, so this was the first sign that this establishment offers quality for a decent price.   They also seemed to have a nice selection of sochus, but with the bottle of sake I wasn't able to order my #2 Japanese beverage of choice; imo sochu oyu-wari. A few of the things we wanted to try were sold out, this was my only disappointment.  ICHIZA offers a lot of great treats I'd typically only expect to find in Japan or California.  The okra-natto was superb, as was the shisyamo, tatsuta-age, tsukune, and black cod miso-yaki.  I rolled my eyes and bit my tongue when my guest ordered a curried beef plate.  I really wanted to try the grilled whole ika-yaki, but this wouldn't have allowed any room for dessert.  We couldn't pass up on an order of honey toast and it was everything honey toast should be.  Our tummies were stuffed and thirst quenched.  The bill came to $175, but the bottle of sake accounted for $125 of this.  We left feeling very pleased and happy.The following day (Monday 3-30-2009) we were in the area looking for a place to have lunch.  As noted at the beginning, we didn't think ICHIZA would be open because the Yelp info indicates 5:00PM - 3:00AM only.  I just happened to look up wishfully as we were driving by and saw people inside and the OPEN sign - prayers answered - so we just had to go back.  Lunch has a limited menu.  We first ordered onigiri rice cakes with a pickled plum inside and hot tea, a rare treat.  My guest ordered udon and a side salad.  The udon broth was very tasty and flavorable.  I ordered the combo box of yummy grilled pike mackeral (sanma) and tempura, which also came with a small side salad, a cup of miso soup, gohan, some daikon garnish, etc.   Again, we were completely satisfied with everything we ordered.Both times the service was great for us.  I was especially pleased to practice my minimal Japanese language skills and the servers seemed to be just as pleased by it.  Whether we received better or more friendly service as a result is hard to say.  We were thankful to have received it, regardless.
5	I love Ichiza!  The service here is great and so was the food.  We ordered so many little dishes and paid about less than $20 per person.  We were a bit afraid to order the fresh oyster, but did it anyway.  We did not regret it!  We ordered it with ponzu sauce and it was so heavenly and really fresh.  I haven't gotten sick from it yet, so it should be fine ;)We also ordered the grilled smelt, tofu salad, stir-fried spinach w/enoki in garlic butter sauce, yellowtail sashimi, salmon steak, shiitake mushroom skewers, just to name a few.  I found it all delicious.  My favorites were the oysters and the mushroom skewers--so simple, yet so delicious.  The best part is that we were able to come here at 1:30am!
5	Ichiza has becoming one of my favorite izakaya restaurant! They're constantly reinventing tasty menu items, with affordable prices around $7 per dish. I've the pleasure of trying out some of their new items on my last visit to Vegas, they were: 1. Mochi Ravioli stuffed with Tuna (4 pieces $6.75): The chewiness of the mochi wrap compliments well with the tenderness of the tuna, drizzled with extra virgin olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette, it was perfect in every bite. 2. Seared Scallop wrapped with Salmon Sashimi (2 pieces $5): The texture was great, but the shiso leaf was a bit over powering. 3. Mochi topped with Uni (2 pieces): Warm chewy grilled mochi topped with decadent texture of uni, set on a piece of nori paper, it was fantastic, tasted even better with a lil dip in the wasabi soy sauce. 4. Yellow Tail Tar Tar (4 pieces $6.95): warm rice in between 2 pieces of crispy chips topped with chopped yellow tail and guacamole, it was tasty. 5. Mochi wrapped with Bacon Skewer ($1.50): Everything tastes better with bacon wrapped around it! 6. Shabu Shabu Salad ($6.50): Large pieces of shabu shabu meat mixed with cooked spinach and lettuce, with bits and pieces of chicken skin tossed with sesame dressing. It was filling, and pretty tasty, but can do without the chicken skin though. 7. Beef Tongue Skewer ($1.50): The beef tongue was flavorful, but not as tender as I was hoping for. It's not a complete meal without their Butter Honey Toast, topped with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream! The warm buttery doughy toast just melts in your mouth with the cold ice cream, it's such a great treat, and everyone should try it at least once! If you don't believe me, on the way out, I even saw a guy enjoying Butter Honey Toast all by himself  and was smiling at it too....so, now you know how delicious this dessert must be, or may be he was just simply crazy? : )
5	We were starved after a late show.  When I read the reviews on Ichiza we were sold.  There was a little wait to get seats, but we had great izakaya plates.  Loved the menus on the wall - order the specials if you're there.  We went two more nights before our trip to Vegas ended.
4	My first time here and it was not bad. Actually, it was good. The menu has quite a selection. What I really like about this place is that you can pretty much try everything without spending a lot. This is perfect for people who are new to Japanese Cuisine. Service was not bad. The only thing is that this place gets busy and you may have to wait a while to get a table.
2	Sad but true, this place really did not live up to the hype that it's garnered on yelp. On that fateful day last weekend, me and the hubby rolled up to this upstairs location and were politely greeted by the wait staff. Looking around, it seemed quite empty but of course that could be because we were there literally within 5 minutes of their opening hour. With hunger pangs gripping at my stomach after a full day of gambling and walking around the Las Vegas strip I was ready to pounce on anything that our waitress brought out. Even as hungry as I was there was no redeeming quality to the bacon wrapped asparagus that was brought before us. Unlike the other yakitori concoctions that we have had at other izakaya's in California, this one lacked the smoky charred goodness that makes you want to come back for another bite. Worst yet, they somehow stuck me with the oldest asparagus spears on the market as I literally had to spat out the fibrous outside tissues...ummm..yeah...it wasn't pretty. To add insult to injury my miso cod was overly salty, which I understand is sometimes is the case, but I've yet to experience a Japanese restaurant that left as many bones in their cod fillet as this place. I was spitting bones out one after the other. I think the chef at the counter saw me do this and darted his eyes away. Suffice to say we probably will not be coming back here the next time we are in town. Love Japanese food, love izakayas, but definitely did not love this place.
5	If there was another star to rate this restaurant, I would give it 6 stars! We found this restaurant at total random during a late evening in Vegas. We were craving noodles for dinner and it was between Ichiza and a neighboring Chinese noodle house downstairs. Ichiza was definitely a great find and a restaurant I will probably remember for a long time!The restaurant is a cozy little place, packed with people. It looks like you stepped into a Ramen house in Japan. The staff greets you with a friendly smile. Once you're seated, you look at the menu. That night, we were all craving noodles, and looked at the Ramen menu. Intially, I thought the menu lacked a lot because there were only a few to choose from.  I asked the waitress which she'd recommend and she said the one with the pork belly. So, both my buddy and I ordered it and waited. When the ramen arrived, the smell was exhilarating! The beautiful sight of the creamy broth, veggies and the noodles was overwhelming.  We digged in and MAN, it was the BEST ramen we ever had! We enjoyed every bite of it down to the last drop of broth! This place was so good that we came back on the last day of our trip, but this time during lunch hour and had their beef katsu, bento combo box with cod fish, salad, miso soup and beef bowl, and fried chicken curry and MAN...again, it was so good! I also ordered a spicy tuna handroll and it was rockin'!This place really does not and WILL NOT DISAPPOINT! If you're in the area, please check this joint out. You'll be happy that you stopped by!
4	Truly a shining light in the disguise of a hole-in-the-wall. This place gives Vegas it's one beacon of character.Grilled beef tongue + nama biiru = winning prize.Throw in the excellent atmosphere and homey feel and you have a winning combination for izakaya goodness.
2	Wow, I'm torn.  Went back Sunday May 3 and was seated immediately at 7:30 pm.  Since I was alone on this visit I sat at the counter in front of the kitchen area.  The food was great; sanma yaki, ika sugata yaki, grilled shishamo, okra & natto, ume onigiri.   Had a nice talk with a Japanese gentleman from Seattle named Ko who was in town for a wedding.  He complimented me on my food choices, but joked about how the people from the region he's from don't eat natto, including himself.  Natto is generally eaten & liked in the greater Tokyo area, so I've been told by my friends.  This place has the best natto I've ever eaten, but I couldn't convince him to try it out.Ordered the sake sampler, then bought a 720ml bottle of Dewazakura "Oka" sake ($43).  Suddenly the people that were serving me, weren't any more.  To the best of my knowledge I didn't say or do anything that would make me unwelcome, but I was given my bill and felt like they wanted me out even though there wasn't anyone waiting to get in.  I was about to order dessert.  The tone change was rather upsetting and for the first time in my life I left without leaving any tip on a $90 tab for one.If I didn't like this place I wouldn't come back, but for now I'm dropping them from my previous 5 stars to 2; food is a 5, but service & attitude dropped to a -1 for this visit.  I'll give them another chance since it may have been a fluke, but I expect to be treated better when spending this much money, buying bottles, etc..  I didn't notice it when I had someone else with me, but being on my own opened my eyes that they didn't seem to think it their place to make the customer feel welcome and appreciated.  Anyone with any Japanese cultural understanding knows to at least thank customers for their business as they're leaving, but on this night the Ichiza hostess at the front door was rather rude and insulting in not doing so, and I noticed that it wasn't just towards me either.  The servers seem nice enough, but obviously haven't been trained that you can catch more flies with honey.  They could have easily gotten a $30 tip from me with some smiles and kind words rather than turning cold and indifferent, too bad.  This is clearly a management issue and in very poor taste for a Japanese establishment.
4	Believe the hype. I've been going to Ichiza for over 6 years, and for a damn good reason. It is a very popular, often packed Japanese Ikazaya restaurant. The joint is pretty small, as it can only fit no more than about 30-35 people at once. They presumably have close to 200 different options for food, and I have tried just about everyone of them. The enviornment is great, as its almost 50% of the reason why Ichiza is so great. Everyone simply comes to here to enjoy the great food, let loose, drink and have fun. Theres nothing more I can really say about this place except some the dishes I recommend you try at least once. - Grilled beef tongue (Kushi-Tan)- Grilled garlic, deep fried whole garlic- yellowtail tar tar- red snapper carpaccio- bacon wrapped mochi- beef tataki- wasabi tempura stringbeans- skewered pork with shiso leaf- tako wasabi- fried oysters- and of course, the infamous honey toast.
5	This place is truly a different dining experience.  I guess that is why there are so many reviews.  I usually consider myself adventures with food, but this was totally different.  Thank goodness for yelpers!  If it wasn't for the other reviews, we wouldn't have known what to order.Ichiza is located in a tiny strip mall with crappy parking.  It's upstairs, so if you didn't know to look for this place, you would never think to stop here for food.  Especially because there are about 3 other similar food places in the same strip mall.  This restaurant is tiny!  It has a few stools at the counter and then some low tables to sit on the floor and then a few regular tables at the front.  There is a menu and then there are food selections around on the walls that are written in Japanese with some English descriptions.  So we based our order on recommendations from fellow yelpers and they were right on.  I played it safe and had the beef bowl.  It was really good with a decent portion size.  We finished with the honey toast and I gotta say, that alone was worth the trip.  It's this dessert that looks like they baked a loaf of bread and cut it in half.  Then they cut a square out of the center so the outer crust is separated from the inner soft bread.  Then they pour honey inside and top it with vanilla ice cream.  WOW!I highly recommend trying Ichiza!
1	Basically the negatives from other reviews is true. Customer service is pretty bad. The menu is not complete and there are no photos, so it's difficult to order if you're unfamiliar with Japanese food. Yes, I had to walk all over and look at the other items posted on the wall with photos--felt like I was intruding on other patrons at their tables but.....You could say that the price is pretty cheap. Maybe I didn't know how or what to order, but the food was no big deal. The honey toast dessert is no big deal either. Yes, there are young waitresses there, like the other reviewer mentioned. If you've got "yellow fever" you'll probably like the waitresses and their poor customer service skills.
5	While other lovebirds were dining at wining at Michael Mina on Valentine's Day, the boyfriend took me to Ichiza instead. Guys, if you want to impress a girl without trying too hard, go for Ichiza. You don't get the candlelight dinner with soft music in the background, but you get the sizzle of the grill, the chattering of the patrons and your tastebuds saying "arigato! arigato!" for such a tasty and fulfilling meal. Finish it with the legendary honey toast and guess who will be calling YOU honey at the end of the night?
5	Ichiza is the real thing in a city filled with lots of posers.This is Japanese home food.  Pub food with class.  Make sure you always look at the posted items on the walls.  I always order a few of those.  Tempura Okra, Bacon wrapped asparagus, a stirfry of kimchi and pork, a great tofu steak, udon, or rice bowls and so many other things.Grab a Japanese draught beer or shochu. And if you need something sweet Honey Toast is the shiznit!
4	If you want reasonable pricing and good japanese food in Vegas than this off strip restaurant is definitely the place.  Don't expect great service though, but definitely open late.  The honey toast is good also. Don't order Bonito the cut was too thick and tasted very fishy, not too good compared to other places.Sake, Udon, Ramen...pretty good also.Big bonus...located next to Tea Station :0)
2	Since moving to Vegas from New York City I have really struggled to find great food at reasonable prices.  I've always heard people say "youre so lucky to live in nyc they have the best food!" but I never believed the talk until I left.  I have been really disappointed with most of the food out here.  It seems that unless you want to spend a ton of money most meals are just mediocre I found the same was true at Ichiza.Walking in, I liked the atmosphere- busy, lots of locals, a little choatic, I was prepared to have a great meal after all the fantastic reviews.  The first two dishes we had- seaweed salad and garlic stir fried bok choy were probably the best things we ate all night.  They were simply prepared and the indgredients fresh.We moved on to the broiled butterfish which was way too greasy to finish.  The sushi- which we were especially looking forward to is about the quality one would find in a NYC supermarket.  The avocado in my spider roll was browning and the crabmeat was not fresh.  The tuna and spinach roll was fine but the fish was nothing very memorable.Maybe I've learned my lesson- youve gotta drop some cash to eat well in Vegas.  And steer clear of fish in a land locked state!I would not go back and anyone who appreciates fresh fish and ingredients will stay away.
5	I was in Vegas about two weeks ago celebrating my birthday with a group of 10.  I was determined to find some local hangouts off the strip and Ichiza fit the bill.  On the strip in Vegas you have one of two options: a fantastic world-class meal with an similar world-class bill ($100+/per person) or the dumbbed down fare at most casino cafes/buffets, ok when it's 3 AM and you just need something  to soak up all the alcohol you've been drinking, but unacceptable at any other time.  Since I knew there were places to be found in Vegas where I could both eat great food and not break the bank, I figured I'd see what fellow yelpers where saying about nearby Japanese restaurants.  My only criteria: 4 star+ and had to be away from all the flashing lights of the strip.  Ichiza did not disappoint.  We had a great time ordering off the menus on the walls and sampled a ton of stuff; deep fried oysters, sashimi, sushi rolls, skewers, even ramen!  Everything was fantastic and the servers were attentive and friendly.  At the end of the evening imagine our surprise when the total bill came to only $22/person, including tax and gratuity!  We had even had several large Saporo's and a round of sake!  A great place in Vegas when you want some real, authentic food in a non-strip setting.  HIGHLY recommended.
4	come here for dinner! the menu for lunch is limitedyou know those restaurants that put a twist on common dishes? this is one of them! and you have to try it. best spider roll i've ever had. i am coming back to try the dinner menu fsho
3	Not sure why it comes up as a sushi bar??? Its really not where I would come for sushi.But....The Kushi Tan  is INCREDIBLE!!! As for the Bacon wrapped Mochi I wish the bacon could have been cooked a little more the second time eating there.But the Beef Carpaccio Deeeee-lish, oooh and the Garlic Bokchoy! and the Honey Toast Yummm I know from the pics on here it looks burnt but really it's not.Pretty good place but you have to know where to find it too!
4	"Not your typical sushi restaurant."[First impression]Sushi overload.This is not your typical sushi joint If you're strictly the Californial Roll sushi eater, than this is not the place for you. It's off the strip but not that far. About a 5 minute cab ride and well worth it. This is the place were you can try things that makes you want to say, "Andrew Zimmern.. eat your bizarre foods heart out!." Can't remember what half the names were so you'll have to settle for the pictures. A couple of shots of sake and you'll start forgetting the names yourself. Which is probably a good thing since I'd rather not be reminded that I'm eating something like cow liver or pig intestines. [Suggestion]*Whatever the waitress suggest. *Honey Toast. It really is a must have.[Tips]*Ask the staff to call a cab when you're about to leave.
4	This rating is based on food more than service, which is fine, I'd rather have great food & so-so serviceIn town for yet another trade show, we ran from the strip & found this place (thanks yelpers!!)Smallish, cramped space, and packed! So we knew it must be good.They fit us in with no res (on a Thursday), and the service was decent, not rude, but rushed & they got one thing wrong, but not major.The menu is augmented with "specials" on paper all over the walls. Helps if you speak Japanese I think (another good sign).So we just kept ordering more after looking around, and everything was GOOD. This is not your typical "American" sushi joint with Calif roll/ spicy tuna roll. This is real Japanese food, some twists like Jalapeno friend rice, which we heard was good from the guy next to us.So if you want GOOD, fresh, real food, this is the place.Maybe make a res!And there's a bakery next door that has yummy dessert.Go across the street for a fab foot massage to end the evening.
5	You know a Japanese restaurant is great when:1. You see Japanese guys with "cool" hair cuts piling into the place2. The writing on the wall with new dishes has post-it notes saying "sold out"3. Your waitress is definitely fluent in Japanese and is always smilingI think my favorite part of our visit was the table of 4 girls from Los Angeles who were tasting everything on the menu who found this restaurant on Yelp.  If you come here prepare to be adventurous.  Not an American style sushi place.  Great fresh food, delicious sashimi.Date Rating: 8Pick up Scale: 2Strong Suggestion: Try something normal and something a little out there.  Great flavors.
3	Its a good japanese restuarant. It is not a sushi bar. It only provides sushi rolls and sashami.Its Good but not great. It is run by Japanese staff. Which is a sign of quality.
4	Was in Vegas for our 1 year anniversary so looked up local restaurants to eat at with the boyfriend.  Found this place and it was great.  The restaurant's a small place, but food was yummy, service friendly.  I hope to go back to eat there every time I head out to Vegas.   Their Honey Brick Toast totally got me!! - Super "Delish"-!!  My bf ate only 1/4 of it, while I ate the other 3/4..soooo good!  ^_^   The only downside I saw to the place was that not everything that they serve is on the menu in front of you - they've got a lot more stuff on the walls written on white pieces of paper, so make sure you bring your glasses if you can't see that well so that you can order off their walls as well!
4	Sure I've been into Vegas multiple times over the past year, but this was my 1st time to the "Chinatown" area of Las Vegas. And wow, was I surprised at how many different, diverse Asian businesses there are! From Kbbq to pho to sushi + beyond, all of the choices just makes Vegas even more appealing in my eyes, haha! We decided on Ichiza, an Izakaya-style Japanese restaurant, this time at my friend's recommendation, + it was yummy! When we arrived around midnight to this 2nd floor place in an unsuspecting strip mall, there was a 30 min wait to be seated in the little restaurant. With a seating capacity of 60 ppl, it was packed, but my friend said it was worth the wait. They have a set menu of over 100 items plus an abundant amount of hand-written notes on the wall with additional menu items of all different sorts. This is definitely not your typical Japanese restaurant, but judging by the employees working there + the crowd eating there, it seems to be pretty legit. It's not one of those places that would ever need to advertise or spiffy up w/ new decor if you know what I mean since it's all good how it is. Most of the items on the menu are about $5 or under for a small skewer or piece of that item, which means you have the opportunity to dabble + sample a great variety of their unique dishes. In total we ordered 9 items for the 3 of us plus the oh-so-popular Honey Toast for dessert. (See my photos!)Pretty much everything tasted good + I was surprised considering a lot of this was pretty new to me. Like who even knew that something like mochi wrapped in bacon even existed?! Some dishes like the spinach + enoki dish were on the oily side, but they were worth trying for sure. I definitely want to come back here another time to try out a few more of the billion unique items on the walls. Word of caution, though, that it does all add up pretty fast. Our total was over $60 in the end, which isn't all that bad considering we're in Vegas... but still. I hadn't drank enough at that point to shrug it off + not take notice.The service was pretty quick in the beginning, but then it started to die down later in the wee hours as the line out the door dwindled. I'm sure the waitresses were all getting pretty tired at that point since Ichiza seems to be a late night hotspot, but it shouldn't have to take frantic waving to get refills on water. Parking is a decent-sized lot in front of the strip mall + getting here was no problem from The Strip.
4	An awesome Izakaya in Vegas! I might as well move here now.The must order list:-Cha soba-Shishamo (grilled, not fried)!!!-Uni Mochi!!!-grilled rice ball-honey toast!!!-agedashi tofuThe good list:-salmon belly -grilled squidThe skip it list:-giant chicken skewers (not seasoned at all)-egg drop soup (too peppery, I was told)And the best part: All this food for $15 per person. Love it! :)*see pics*
5	HONEY TOAAAAAAST!!!! Best dessert ever. Word.
2	I am writing this comment within Ichiza as I am waiting for my food to come. I haven't started eating yet, but what impresses me about this restaurant is its wide selection of small appertizer dishes. I can't comment on the food quality yet as the food I ordered has yet to arrive. However, what I can comment is the service I have been getting so far. If Yelp allows me to give ratings solely based on the service I get, I would give this place "0" star. They have to be some of the cockiest servers I've seen, and I can't stand the fact that servers tell me white lies about their reservation status... Gosh, I feel sorry for myself. Highly "unrecommended".
5	If you've ever had your mind blown to bits and pieces by a restaurant experience, then you will know how I felt by going to Ichiza.  I was in Vegas for a wonderful weekend with a group of friends, and honestly, this was the best part of my whole group's trip.  We drank merrily, soaked up the lively atmosphere, and stuffed our poor tummies with the most delicious of authentic Japanese food.  What a complete treasure, and I am so jealous that I don't have anything like this in Dallas.  My friends were weary at first, because they were wondering what I was dragging them into.  But I love doing my research before going to a town, just to see where all the locals eat.  I frequent Vegas at least 2 times a year, and although I've eaten at the most famous and luxurious restaurants, I really wanted to get off the strip for an authentic and (cheap) meal.  Jackpot.Everything was delicious, from the tofu, to the fish, to the honey bread!  The sushi was wonderfully fresh, and the flavors of every dish we got were amazing.  We will definitely be returning.  The atmosphere, which might seem suspect since it's in a strip mall, is so charming and quaint.  The service is friendly, and the atmosphere is alive.  It's like everyone in the restaurant is so happy to be there, enjoying their little kept secret.  I suggest trying a little bit of everything off the menu.  You will not be disappointed.  But order that honey bread early, bc it does take a bit of time.
4	We ordered a few things items but I especially enjoyed a sushi with unagi on a fried tempura thing on top of sushi, pork tataki, and the kimchi fried rice. The honey toast was made up of really simple ingredients... honey, hawaiian bread, butter, and vanilla ice cream..... but it was a really satisfying treat at the end of our meal. I think almost everyone there had some sort of a tattoo which was compiled of either a fish, chinese symbol, cherry blossom, or all three. FISH TATTOOS.... AWESOME!
4	Another late night in Vegas and hunger calls... straight to Yelp for recommendations! Ichiza is located in the Chinatown/Spring Mountain Road area in Vegas, just a short 10 minute drive from the Strip, and IMO better food. We got here around midnight Saturday night with a grumbling tummy. The place was crowded and lively. We ordered: Tofu salad w/ tuna sashimi - standard, not badtsukune & kushi tan - decentsteamed pork dumplings - actually siomai but very good. juicy and flavorfuldeep fried garlic - first time seeing this, served with miso paste, very yummy.crab fried rice - decentagadashi tofu - decentI would definitely come back next time we're in Vegas... good food, lively atmosphere and good value.
4	We've tried egg + chicken + mushroom rice bowl and the Eel sushi (california roll toped with tuna + tempura style stir fried onions).The atmosphere is original and I can tell that the place is own by Japanese people.It was a very very good alternative to any place tourists (like we were) usually stopped by along the Strip.
5	One of the great things about this place is that it's open late.  Ordered a chicken and egg bowl, a half bowl of ramen, and had the fried chicken appetizer.  The fried chicken was similar to Musha back in Torrance (for those of you from the area) and the chicken and egg bowl was as good as the one from Daiko-Kuya in Los Angeles.  These happen to be some of my favorite Japanese dishes (other than sushi) and I generally avoid eating sushi from Japanese restaurants that don't specialize sushi.  My friend ordered a spicy tuna roll which was alright, but it had a lot more rice than I'm used to.  The honey toast which everyone recommends definitely hits the spot after the meal.  The ingredients are simple yet somehow work so well together - when it first came out, I was doubting whether we could take it down (cuz it's pretty huge).  But after taking the first bite, it wasn't too hard to finish it.Definitely recommended, just be prepared to wait a a little while for a seat.  If you like Japanese food and need a place to eat late at night don't hesitate to go.
2	I don't know why this place has such a high rating.  I thought the food was okay.  And the price was pretty reasonable.  I'm guessing in the late night after drinking and partying this is a great place to go.  Otherwise, I would recommend some of the other places in Vegas that the yelpers recommend.We ordered the agadeshi tofu, jalapeno fried rice, chicken gizzards, braised pork belly, and a roll recommended by the waitress.  Everything was decently cooked but some of it was too greasy and the food tasted rushed.  There were a lot of people in the restaurant and waiting outside.Finally we got the honey toast.  Really.... I don't understand the hype.  It's a cube of bread toasted with vanilla ice cream and honey poured on the top.  Really, that's it.If you want to try something a little quirky and Raku is closed (where we initially wanted to go) I would say okay.  But this place isn't really that special and there are so many places to go for food in Vegas.
5	Once again Yelp to the rescue... We went to a 9pm show without eating dinner, by the time it was over we were ravenous but didn't want 'casino' food. So we decided on Japanese food, I did a quick search on the mobile device and entered late night dining. This was the third place to pop up. To our surprise this place is open until 3am on a Sunday!?! Wow. The reviews were great so we drove over to LV's Chinatown area and boy were we glad! This place is in a strip mall on the second floor, its looks like a mom and pop type place. The restaurant mainly had Japanese clients, another good sign, if natives eat there then you know its good. Anyway we were promptly seated in one of the last spots, it was almost 11pm and it was bustling in there. The menu is rather perplexing, we were overwhelmed and were not sure what to order when she asked for drinks and appetizers. I would characterize this place as Japanese 'tapas'. We proceeded to order a bunch of little plates. We started with basics like miso soup and house salad, the dressing was to die for and a rather huge salad nicely presented with all the fixings. We tried their house special roll, very unique in presentation, think California roll with tempura onions and eel on top, f-ing fantastic! We also had a spicy tuna roll and an order of their marinated fried chicken and shrimp fried rice. Again remember these are small plates but plates of yummy flavorful food. The shrimp fried rice was awesome, think benihana but better, not greasy and large shrimp properly de-veined! I was in love and I told my husband so. He was in love with the spicy tuna roll himself, I believe the sushi chef also noticed because they gave us an additional one on the house. The prices here are reasonable too. I would definitely return because there were many many more items left to try on the menu.
5	Quality of food was top notch.  I used to like Makino's buffet off Flamingo/Decatur but it has become less appealing to me after my last visit in December 08.  Maybe it's also because we tried Ichiza before making our trip to Makino.Oysters = Heaven
5	The food is great, from the yakitori to the liver and the chicken meatballs. The atmosphere is very nice. The facility is very clean. The female employees are very polite. The prices are low for the quality of the food. I had an awesome experience and plan on attending this restaurant regularly.
5	I go here every time I come to Vegas (which is a lot). The menu is ingenious; I always make it a point to try something new each time. And where do they find all these gorgeous Japanese girls in the middle of the dessert?? But, I digress... Here are a few of favorites:- Spicy fried chicken: Japanese fried chicken is the best. Couple that with a Tabasco based dressing and I'm in heaven.- Red snapper carpaccio: My friend says that's impossible since carpaccio is Italian for thinly sliced beef. I say its madly delicious.- Takoyaki: Sometimes they're soggy, sometimes they're great. You really cant beat the octopus to batter ratio they have; they don't skimp!- Seafood quesadilla: Suggestion from our server. Two crispy tortillias sandwiched around thinly spread sushi rice covered with salmon, tuna, squid, and white fish sashimi surrounded by daikon sprouts and topped off with Cupie mayo. MMM MMM MMM!When all else fails, flirt with the waitress and ask for recommendations. I'm a girl, but dang those waitresses be cute!
4	I tried this place for the first time last year.  It was sooo good that every time I go to Vegas, I make it a point to eat here. The tuna tartar is the best.  It's made up of rice, tuna, salsa, avocado, fried tortilla and rice.  Sounds kind of off the wall, but together it is sooo good!
4	Pretty good here.  We got some sushi thing on a cracker which was great.  Its japanese food with a twist.  Most of the other foods we ate were fresh and has something special done to it.  Don't get the beef bowl though cuase its like yoshinoya.  Atmosphere is great.  Try to go early or you will wait for a good while.
5	I've been going to Ichiza for 7 years, found out about this place when I first moved to Vegas. It used to be a room full of Asian customers here and you never needed an reservation. As more people found out about this place, you see half o the restaurant is filled with westerners. Unless you go early (before 6), you definitely need to make a reverberation or you will see a line a people waiting outside.   Besides their regular menu, they have additional items on the wall throughout the restaurant. I've tried a lot of the items off the wall, but my favorites are still the regular menu items.- Ramen DX: delicious ramen broth with a big chunk of fatty pork!- Agedeshi Tofu: lightly breaded fried tofu in broth- Miso Mackerel: this is the best miso fish i've had. - Honey Toast: Vanilla ice cream in a toasted Texas-toast drizzled w/ honey.and did i mention you can get Japanese beer on tap here? and by the pitcher!
4	$56 Ichiza dollars can get you:1 teba skewer (chicken wing) - 2 stars2 shishito skewers - 2 starskara age - 3 starssauteed gizzard &amp; garlic stems - 3 starspork shumai - 1 starmiso ramen - 4 starspork fried rice - 4 starskimchee - 3 starsoshinko - 2 starspitcher of Kirin - 5 starsExpect an enormous amount of mediocre food at reasonable prices.  Selection:  4 starsAmbience:  4 stars Value:  5 starsFood:  3 stars
3	we came here because my friend recommended we try it.  it was a good excuse to get off the strip as well.  when we first walked in, it kind of smelled, which bothered me because i hate the smell of fish.  but once you settle in, the smell dissipates. ichiza is pretty much a japanese tapas place and we ordered six items for about $25 per person.  it was a little pricey for what we got, but i thought all of it was pretty good, except for the excess mayo on the pancake thing.  they also have $1.95 beer for happy hour seven days a week.  i think this place deserves 3.5 stars instead of 3, but i've definitely had better than this, like at Ronin Izakaya Bistro in West Hollywood and Musha in Torrance.  and as for the dessert toast, you get way more bang for your buck at Tokyo Table...it's twice the size of this one for about the same price and it's pretty damn good!
2	Ate at Ichiza.  Not too fond of their ramen.  All of their ramen had bamboo that overpowered the soup.  Where is the airconditioning?  Gosh, if I had a restaurant that served ramen, I'd be darn sure that the airconditioning was on at all times for the comfort of the customers.I also found the restaurant a little small.  Too cramped for my taste.  Not all the menu items were in the menu.  It was difficult to read their little signs at the kitchen and on the wall.
4	I p90x so I can pig out on stuff like this...This place is absolutely amazing.  I came here about 2 weeks ago after a long vegas drive from LA and this place really hit the spot.  Its a medium sized joint with 2 big table areas for large groups.  The 2 big tables are carpet stools/stand things so ppl take off their shoes.  I heard about this place on Yelp and had to stop by.  We made a reservation for 10pm and the place was pretty packed around that time.  So reservations are definitely recommended for late night eating.Now on to the food.  The food and drinks are decently priced compared to other vegas eateries off strip.  So obviously we're in vegas...so we ordered a few pitchers of beer and guzzled that down.  Honestly...when you're in vegas and thirsty...all beer pretty much tastes good.  So no complaints there.I ordered the Mapo tofu which i didnt expect much from but this was actually one of the better versions that I've had.  It was a good brown gravy with a nice spicy kick to it and I didnt feel jipped on the lack of meat either.  Meat was plenty.  My friend ordered the Jalepeno fried rice and that probably was one of the best fried rice dishes I've ever had.  I love spicy food and that thing awesome.  Rice was moist, beef was easy to chew and the jalepeno's really just brought everything together.  Definitely something to order!  A couple of us got a chicken and egg bowl which was ok but a disappointment compared to the other 2 dishes.The biggest surprise of the night...HONEY F-IN TOAST.  I kid you not...I could've sat there all weekend eating this thing over and over again.  Its such a simple concept...honey, toast, and ice cream...but they must've put crack in there cause I was addicted.  We had 2 orders of this thing even though we were already stuffed from the beers and entrees.I think this place is totally awesome and I might just have to add it to my places to must stop by when visiting vegas...
3	good japanese appetizers.We had the following:eel, sweetpotato tempura, california sushi roll (pretty good, but pricey $12)yellowtail tartar (good, but I would used the lighter won ton type)bacon wrapped mochi (looks better than it tastes, the mochi needs some seasoning, very bland)bacon wrapped asparagus (good, but nothing special)pork wrapped gobo (really good)marinated fried chicken (really really good)squid (too big, and chewy, i'm not a squid fan so maybe someone else will like this)honey toast (really really good, good for 4 to 6 people to share)so many different things to try.  and the quality seems pretty good.  if you've been to Furaibo in LA, very similar.thinking back 2 years I wouldn't recommend coming back to this restaurant.  it wasn't that memorable.  so i brought it back to 3 stars from 4 stars.  probably somewhere in between.
4	Love this place.  I never know what to order and the wall scribblings don't help any, but that's the fun of it!  The beef tongue is amazing.  The squid in the Filipino Adobo type sauce is awesome as well.  All of their sushi is good.  Pretty much everything I've had at this place is excellent.  Well the banana crepe was just okay.  Next time, I must try the honey toast!
5	This little sushi nook located in Chinatown on Spring Mountain is an absolute gem. When I used to live in Las Vegas, this was always the spot to go to for awesome sushi and great little japanese entrees. The prices are reasonable and also a good place to unwind and gulp down a tall glass/pitcher of Kirin. They usually open at 5 in the afternoon, so don't anticipate on getting a mid-day sake bomb at this place, I know it's vegas but GEEZ!
4	I love this place!!  the price is good, the food is good, the environment was good...what's there to complain about?  I had lunch there and had the salmon rice lunch, that was tasty!!  Next time I go I will try the honey toast, they said it's only served during dinner time..and some other things as well since they had like a hundred tags on the wall for specials!  It's not a fancy place, so don't expect too much but I enjoyed my service, food and value!!  Definitely will be back many more times!
4	Food is very authentic & delicious but seating is very limited.  Reservations need to be made at least 2 hours in advance.
3	The best off-strip Japanese restaurant we've been to in Vegas, but that's really not saying much. Food: The food is not that consistent, but I like that they seem to always be trying new recipes. They have specials that aren't on the menu plastered all over their walls. Again, it's hit or miss.-Spicy Tuna Roll: Usually really good. Perfect amount of tuna, roe and cucumber. But the last time we went, it was super salty and spicy. -California Roll: You really can't go wrong with California rolls, can you?-Grilled Mackerel: Simply grilled with a bit of salt and a squeeze of lemon. Yum!-Shrimp Fried Rice: Flavorful. It would have been better if they didn't shower the dish with salt and pepper though.-Oyster Mushroom wrapped in Chicken Skin Skewer: One of their experimental dishes that we ordered off the wall. Sounded promising, but was disappointing. Texture was too rubbery.Wait: This is a really popular place so there is always a wait. You should definitely call to put your name on the list as you are headed to the restaurant. Service: They are always really busy so the servers aren't very attentive, but the food comes pretty quickly. Atmosphere: Gets really loud here on weekends. A great place for groups if you call ahead and get a table. Not as great for couples.
5	Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes!Heavenly! I love this place and could go on about the food but there are over 200 that have beaten me to it. Words of advice -try to get there early or see what you can do about a reservation. It's a small restaurant and it is packed. -Looks like it's a dive but just step over the bums and hold yoru nose in the elevator and it'll be fine.-bring friends and order all sorts of crazy stuff. You will not be disappointed. -save room for dessert-ok for late parties because they stay open till 4 am.
5	YELP did not disappoint w/ Ichiza... We had to make a trip to chinatown and i really wanted to try this place out based on the reviews. My parents, bf and I decided to come here for lunch. I was really NOT hungry b/c I had a HUGE breakfast but I really wanted to try this place out. I didn't actually order anything but I tried everyone's meals.. hahaMy Mother got a combo of butterfish, salmon and substituted her rice and salad for tofu. She's allergic to almost EVERY thing and can't eat any rice or green salad. Everything was very good the tofu was so soft and fresh. My bf got a combo of sashimi and beef patty w/ soba instead of rice. They put that slimy yam on top of the soba but it was still good. He told me everything was tasty and it was a good amount of food where he couldn't finish it all. The star of lunch was my Dad's dish which was beef curry udon. I'm not lying, when i say that was the BEST japanese curry I've ever had. It was so tasty. My cousin who went there later told me it was the best curry she's had outside of Japan. Now that's saying something. When we left we grabbed a card and made reservations for Dinner the next night. ***********************Dinner Review***********************************Dinner was just as enjoyable and we ordered soo many dishes I really can't name them all. But the Uni Mochi was soo delicious and their Ramen was super tasty. What everyone says about the Honey Toast is true. It's pretty damn good. It seems like such a simple concept. My cousin and I are going to try to recreate it once we find the bread. There were 14 of us and we ended up ordering SOOO many different dishes. I don't recall anything being bad. The price for dinner for that kind of meal was pretty reasonable. We ended up spending about $40/person w/ drinks. I can't wait to come back to vegas so I can try some more of the hundred of menu items.
5	This is probably one of the best places I have been to. The food was great. We got there early and had reservations (10 people) to avoid the crowd and it got busy. There was a lot of food that wasn't on the regular menu and when I saw something that looked good I ordered it. There was only 1 dish out of 7 that I didn't like.
4	Overall ~ will come back againFood, ambiance, price and service is good! Food server was a little busy with other guests however she managed to refill my water.  =)Food is delicious!Ambiance is relaxed, friendly and very oriental (which I really love!).For a party of 7, our check came out to be $119.00 ~ very reasonable.
4	My brother kept talking aobut this place and last night I finally was able to try it out.  We ordered-Red Snapper Carparcio-Grilled Whole Squid-Beef Toungue Stew-Grilled Rice Balls-Takoyaki-Agedashi tofuOverall i enjoyed the majority of the dishes cept the stew.  The stew tasted too much like the steak dinner you get out of the freezer.  The squid was nice and tender served with a bit of minced ginger which really brightened up the flavors.  Red snapper carpaccio was served on lemon slices and toped with grated yam and salmon roe.  Takoyaki did not disapoint cept i wished there was more green onions and less of that thick sauce they put on top.Overall a nice little spot just minutes off the vegas strip to grab some drinks and food.  It is open late for those late night food cravings too. Service was spotty but they were busy so it was ok.
5	It deserves 5 stars not becoz of its authenticity in Japanese food, but how comfortable its dishes taste like when you are tired of all the overpriced European classic food on the strip. I was wondering in this place why people would prefer to spend $400 for a couple's dinner if you can eat for $8 each at places like this? Is it really 25X more delicious?We ordered only 2 dishes, but were completely satisfied by both of them. Pork cutlet bowl is probably the most tasty and flavorful fried pork I have ever had, although the rice beneath the egg layer was kind of soggy. Beef udon had this sweet flavor, making it very interesting to taste.Bottom line: If you have a car in Vegas and want sth to warm up ur stomach after a crazy night, Ichiza is definitely worth the 4 miles of driving.
5	I  Love  You  IchizaAfter watching The Beatles LOVE at The Mirage, our group headed over to Ichiza after reading rave reviews on Yelp prior to this trip.  This place did not disappoint!  I'm thinking...finally (extra stressed), GOOD, affordable and unpretentious Japanese food in Las Vegas.  You see, I'm not the type of gal who likes to dine in fancy, upscale and overpriced restaurants (maybe once in a blue moon), so I was really happy that Ichiza offered the quality of an upscale place (speaking in terms of the food) at such an affordable price and casual atmosphere.  Service was quick.  We casually walked in and were seated right away.  Our waitress always checked up on us and was more than happy to offer little tidbits of information on the menu and specials hanging all over the wall.  The ambiance is very authentic.  I felt like I stepped into a restaurant in Japan.We ordered the following:1.) Beef tongue skewers2.) Fried Baby Octopus3.) Three Ramen DX4.) Udon Noodle Soup5.) Spider Roll6.) Miso Butterfish7.) Fried Calamari Rings8.) Fried Quail Eggs9.) Three Lemon ShochuPhew, that's a lot (granted, we were extremely hungry), but this accommodated a group of four very well.  Time to break down the taste and flavor!I was actually a little hesitant to eat this because I've never had beef tongue before.  After taking the first bite, I was hooked.  It was chewy, juicy and packed with a lot of flavor for something so relatively thin.  The fried baby octopus was crunchy on the outside, but chewy on the inside.  It tasted lightly salted and was accompanied with lemon juice.  Yum.  Then, there's the miso butterfish.  Ohhh myyy goshhh.  Screw halibut, I'm going for butterfish now!  It had the same consistency as a halibut for a fraction of the cost!  So buttery and delicious.  Mmmm.  The last meal I ordered was the ramen dx, which I'm guessing means deluxe, though, I'm not sure.  This bowl was huge and comparable to Shinsengumi's Hakata ramen.  But, I think I enjoyed this ramen more.  They offered more toppings and bigger pork slices (with the fat attached, yum).  It's not extremely salty either which is nice.Everything else, my group ordered, but from the looks of it, they seem to have enjoyed their meals very much. =)For a group of four people, our bill came to a little over $100.  Pretty good I must say.  I'm definitely returning.
4	I love izakaya and this place didn't disappoint.Let's see, we had about 10 items in total? The calamari was humongous, pan fried udon was great, my friend had the mackerel which he liked despite having to pick bones that he inevitably bitched about, I had a tofu wrap thing over bean sprouts that was great, yakitori/gizzard was awesome, etc. My only complaint was this sashimi thing with yam that was a little disappointing. It tasted kinda bland. What else? Oh, their menu is enormous and they even have stuff plastered on the wall, which we wished we had seen originally! yeah, they don't give you a heads up which is strange. But overall, great food good atmosphere. And it opens late.
4	Food is delicious. There's a bunch to choose from the menu. Only thing is, you get so caught up choosing all kinds of food on the menu, when the bill comes you're shocked. Some items can get pretty pricey.
4	In terms of price, quality and experience I rate Ichiza 4 stars based on what you can find in Las Vegas. It is also a huge bonus that they're open so late! The food is delicious, service is good and everything is pretty well priced and appealing.
5	Ichiza is a great little spot in the heart of Chinatown. The service and food are amazing. Everything is fresh and delicious. Had serveral sushi rolls and the fried chicken... Topping it all off with their honey toast (amazing) and stuffed crepe (great). Sake and tea all night long make this place a top recommendation for anyone that wants a nice local spot.
5	Choices, choices, and more choices.  That's the most difficult thing you have to face at Ichiza.  There are sooooo many items from the menu and the specials that its super hard to decide what to order.  I wanted to try all the items that caught my eye but I would of taken me all night and some more days after that.  I was crying a little inside because I knew I couldn't eat most of the items I wanted to try.We narrowed it down to the yellowtail tar tar, tuna sashimi, 2 bowls of ramen, grilled mackerel, and red snapper carpaccio .  The food quality was excellent; the yellowtail tar tar and carpcaccio were my favorite.  The yellowtail tar tar had a bunch of different textures in the dish and was a little spicy, just to my liking.  The capraccio also delicious, it had the fish sashimi along with onions, mountain yam, and fish roe.  There were so many items I wanted to try, like the yakitori dishes, fried chicken pieces, to all the different special menu items.  This is a great place to hang out with your friends to try a bunch of different items and enjoy a nice cold Kirin.  The only blurb is the restaurant is small and you either have to get here early or make a reservation.  I wish this restaurant is in the Bay Area so I can taste that decision making menu.  I will be back!
4	Great place !  I've spent many nights here drinking those BIG bottles of Kurosawa sake with friends.  Call ahead if you have a big group .  We always try to get one of the back tables where you take your shoes off.  Frequent customers get a card for a % off their bill.   Some of the best items are on the wall.  I always get the Uni w/ponzi sauce...yum !  They have the best crab fried rice !  I get my omega-3's from their grilled salmon belly :)   Many dishes for the adventurous , so look around the walls.  Always get honey toast for dessert ... it's simple, but unique.
4	Stopped by this place after driving down Spring Mountain Rd... This was the most crowded place in the building.. so stopped in... whoa was I surprised...The menu was great, and you can tell by the additional menu written all over the walls, the food was going to be great!Started by ordering a few usual japanese items (age tofu, broiled eel) and then moved to the menus on the wall... uni and salmon roll, etc.  Ordered so much food there wasnt room for desert, however if I could, the milk toast with ice cream on top looked great!  Everytime I go to Vegas, this place is on my list of places to go!
4	One of my mainstays in Vegas.  Definitely one of the best and authentic Japanese izakayas in Vegas, and would amount to a pretty decent one if situated in LA.  A review ragged on its green tea in a can (I love my asian drinks in cans, like UCC, grass jelly, barley red tea)... another review mentioned stiff ramen noodles (many people enjoy al dente ramen, you could ask for cup'o noodles if you want soft soggy ramen)... another complained about the fried rice??  Anyway, maybe authentic asian food in a pretty authentic overseas asian setting (dumpy American style strip mall with sticky tables) isn't their thing, then they won't like Ichiza.Some recommendations are:IkayakiRed Snapper Carpaccio - the lemon garnish is perfectTanmen Ramen - stir-fried ingredients gives it a full off the wok flavor, like Korean champon.  Many other ramen places do a Miso-yasai ramen that is also stir-fried first alsoShabu Shabu salad - shabu style pork over mixed greens, roasted eggplants, seaweed, etc. with shabu style mixture of sesame and ponzu dressingTofu steak - I like stir-fried bean sproutsFried oysters - perfectly breaded to seal in the sweet oyster juicesTheir lunch menu is limited to bento sets, donburi, ramen, and combos, which are good too.Prices are very good, especially compared to hotel offerings at the Wynn or Palazzo.
3	There's a certain type of Japanese restaurant where most of the food is small cooked dishes for reasonable prices and the menu is mostly on the wall. This is the kind of place a businessman would go to after work to drink with his co-workers, and snack while they discuss whatever. This isn't a go-to place for sushi. This isn't a formal romantic evening. You're not paying for the posh atmosphere.Everything is well prepared, the menu (both on paper and additional items on the walls) are varied and incorporate traditional dishes and contemporary food as well. Price was very very low, and the place is packed even in the middle of the week, so arrive early or plan to wait (dunno if they have reservations.)Personal recommendations would be the chicken gizzards, wasabi octopus, shishito skewers, and my absolute favorite would be the honey toast box is a must try too!If you're looking for japanese food, come here. If you're looking for some good eats with a little sushi, come here. If you want a full blown 7-course sushi meal with lots of nigiri, this might not be the place for you.
3	I was at a 3.5 but I always round the opposite way the reviews go. In this case a 4 warranted a 3 star rating from me.I was really on the fence with this one. The first time I went it was an easy 4 star but the next time was definitely a 3 (if that).Won't mention the ridiculously decadent honey toast (oh wait I just did didn't I?). That was good, no complaints there.The pork belly was good one time, undercooked and nasty the next time.The chicken yakitori is consistent and good but the tongue yakitori was excellent the first time and way inedible the next. Same with the chicken gizzards. The second time they were so tough that I can't imagine anyone liking them. I'm Americano but I thought they were delicious the first time.Natto... well... natto... Not included in this review because OMG that stuff is just not for me. The person I was with said it was passable though.Anyway... without going on and on, first time was very a very solid 4 stars and the next was a solid 3... Overall I would definitely recommend you give it a shot because if the "A-team" is on you're in for a great, unexpected Vegas experience.
5	Went to revisit Ichiza on a Saturday night. Again the dishes were awesome. We ordered soooo much food. I finally got my honey toast with vanilla ice cream. The best invention ever. I ordered alot from the special board and some items from the wall. So much selections. This will be my usual spot whenever I come to Vegas!!
4	Great place for authentic Japanese food and not just sushi!  We've been there twice, 1st with our kids and no idea how/what to order...  We ended up with some rice bowls and noodles to play it safe for the kids...  It's was just okay.  Then a friend told us to try again and use the menu on the walls to order.  We went without the kids and ordered a bunch of items including:  Uni in ponzu, 1 of all the skewrs, tofu salad, uni mochi, yellowtail tar tar, fried garlic, and of course the honey toast.  The best items for us were the yellowtail tar tar and tofu salad.  The honey toast is a nice ending (warm and gooey).
3	A large amount of good reviews for this place, but we walked away questioning what was great about it.  This place isn't bad, but isn't a 4-star in my books.  They have a variety of food though, I'll definitely give that to them, I mean tons.  They have items to choose from all over their walls.  Also, items are cheap and you really cannot complain about the prices here.I almost want to think of this place as small dishes, well sort of.  I recommend a bunch of people go so you can try the tons of dishes they offer.  The most memorable dish here was sliced pork belly, stir-fried with kimchi and sitting on a bed of shredded cabbage.  This was an excellent dish.  Pork had good amounts of fat on it, thinly sliced, and had a nice spice kick to your palette as well.  We also ordered the miso ramen which was decent, not the greatest.  To me, it was lacking a little flavor in the broth, but for $9.80, it's a huge bowl.  The noodles were good though and tons of other "filler" items going on, not to mention a tender piece of pork. I decided to try two skewers, beef tongue and jumbo chicken wings.  The beef tongue was good, couldn't complain.  However, their so-called jumbo wings were not jumbo and lacked flavor.  I was eating a plain grilled dinky chicken wing, I didn't even bother with the second one.  Also ordered the chicken-katsu which was heavily battered and crispy, but came out a tad dry, should have got the pork.  The last two items were ordinary and I was also not expecting much.  California roll and their salmon sashimi.  I have to say their salmon was fresh though, so don't hesitate here if you want to order this.  Oh, one last thing was the mochi ice cream, red bean all the way.This place opened at 5:00 and was packed!  It's not a large place, maybe sits like 40 people.  We get here at 5:05 and it's half-full already, I don't understand.  Were people lined up outside?  With this, service wasn't there at all.  We had to pull our waitress over a few times to get their attention to order, refill our mugs with tea, etc.   It's almost they got slammed by customers and couldn't keep up.  The food service came out item-by-item, which was fine.  Towards the end of our meal though, I noticed a third waitress show up.  Overall, a decent place to get away from "strip" food and spend less money.  If you like variety, go here as again, tons to choose from.  Plus, it's not far at all, less than 10 mins from the Wynn, if that.
4	Just came back from Vegas and I remembered I ate here two years back.   Can't recall what I had, but do remember that I had a good time.  Large food selection and nice ambiance.  I need to go back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I think I need to revisit this place with 15 more people! All at once!I was reluctant to put up a review because I feel like there's so much more I have to try. This is kinda the spot to take people like me who have food A.D.D. and feel wrong ordering just one thing. I don't know the term in Japanese and I don't really care but I'm gonna describe it as a Japanese tapas place. Cool for big groups or laid back good times.Although I've heard this isn't the spot for sushi I loved their spicy tuna roll...melts in your mouth with a little bit of heat...mmmm.Not a huge fan of desserts but I did try their honey toast first time I went and it IS delicious. I would say definitely must try at least once, and I will go for Ichiza any night of the week!
4	i went to japan last yr..and i miss the good authentic japanese food and atmosphere.i'm so glad my friend referred me to this place. This christmas holiday, my family and i went to vegas so i made a stop here at Ichiza. The ambiance totally reminded me of japan..the people were nice, the service was good. As i was waiting for our table, guess who i saw? Yelper Roo M. and his wife. I noticed him and his camera. So back to the food..udon - the broth was light but the udon noodle was good. I like the perfect chewiness.beef bowl - it was okay ; nothign special3 items sashimi: tuna, albacore, and mackerel (you get three pieces of each fish); $13 for this dish and the fish are fresh, and a good size cut.takoyaki - this is just how i remembered from japan. Ever since japan i've been trying to find a good takoyaki place in LA...but nope!! none!! and finally here in vegas i found the authentic takoyaki i had in japan! THe sauce was good, the takoyaki had good amount of octopus..not like at some places that everything is all mashed. yellowtail tar tar - now i know everyone talks about how good it is..perhaps it was overhyped for me.. but i didnt think it was that great. I will admit that it was presented beautifully and uniquely. The taste was alright. I dont think i will need to order it again ... but if i were to come here w/ first timers, yeah i'll order it just so that they can try it.black cod fish - this was really good. it was cooked perfectly. the meat of the fish just flakes off individually ...and the miso taste was good.beef tataki - small portion .. it was good but i've had better. I don't need to order this again.we wanted to order the clams but it was sold out. it's okay gives me the opportunity to come back here again.I really enjoy this restaurant. And you know it's good when every other table is japanese customers. And they all speak japanese. I cant wait to come back and try other items. Another plus about this restaurant is that it's only a few minutes away from the strip!!
5	we had to wait for an hour, but it was worth it.  during the hour we already figured out what we wanted, so we gave them our order immediately and they kept the plates rolling.  we were super grateful since we had a 10:30 show on the strip and we had a bad experience at another japanese restaurant where the service was so slow and the messed up 1/2 our order.  the winners of the night were...bacon wrapped mochi (it's not on the menu)kakuni (pork belly)oyster mushroom wrapped w/ chicken skinhoney toast (dessert)it was an "oishi" meal and we feed 3 of us for around $50, which is a lot cheaper than the strip.
5	the best find Japanese restaurant in the sin city..  their ikayaki was off the chart. can find any better in US. service, value was great. So, why settle with buffet..  just three blocks off the strip, take a cab.
4	One of our favorite spots in Vegas and much better now that they don't allow smoking inside.  Fun hangout with simple Japanese pub/street food.  I chuckled at Thu's analogy of Ichiza: Clippers, however it's good for Vegas.  It can be inconsistent...especially when it's very busy.Yellowtail tar tar: So tasty. Pita chip topped with rice, lettuce, salsa, another pita chip, and yellowtail tar tar.  Sounds weird but it's yummy. Chicken wing skewers: simple but tasty.Sashimi: they don't offer a big sushi/sashimi selection but the little they carry is pretty good.  Go to Sen of Japan for a more fulfilling sushi experience. Mochi wrapped bacon: skewer with mochi (rice cake) wrapped with bacon & grilled.  Delicious!!!Ramen: my kids love this.Uni: half a lemon, topped with thinly sliced cucumber, topped with uni, drizzled with ponzu sauce.I usually call first to see how busy they are.  Sometimes it's a 1-2 hour wait so it's not worth the drive.  Check it out!Lunch is not the best here though.  They have a pretty limited menu and they don't offer the items we like.
3	This is the kind of place you almost want to keep secret (I know, I know, that's sacrelige in yelpland) but now that the word is definitely out, I might as well throw my generalized two cents in:Like Raku down the street, Ichiza is the kind of place you'd never expect to find in Vegas...and generally filled with the kind of people (young Asians) you'd be surprised to find here in plentitude. If it isn't "authentic," it certainly feels that way--on the second floor of a post-trendy strip mall with little else to attract you (though Zizzy karaoke bar downstairs has its charms). Yes, there is a general standard sushi--ramen-robotayaki menu here, but that isn't what you should come for. What you should come for are the random daily specials that are posted on pieces of paper all over the walls, which could be...just about anything edible! Come to experiment, come to be daring, come to have fun. Service is friendly, by cute Japanese girls, though it's not necessarily helpful. I wouldn't necessarily recommend those with food allergies take their chances here.And finish with the decadent honey toast dessert, big enough for...two? four? six!
5	Ichiza made my tummy super happy. I went here on a Friday night and it was very crowded. There were people waiting inside and outside of the restaurant. That is a sign that the food is incredible here. Ichiza has two sets of menu. They have a menu on paper and menu on the wall. The paper lists all the noodles, skewers and DIY handrolls. The menu on the wall lists all the tapas. I didn't have to think twice - I went for the tapas! Tapas were delicious! I think Ichiza is the best Japanese tapas place - EVER. I have been to two other Japanese tapas place in California (Honda-Ya in Fountain Valley) and Furaibo (LA). Ichiza is better than these two places because of creativity. My friend and I ordered Yellow Tail Tar Tar, Tom Yum Roll, Oysters, Tofu Salad with sashimi, okonomiyaki, and Red Snapper Carpaccio. And since my friend and I both loved the Tom Yum Roll, we ordered it twice. Yes, it was that good. Of all the dishes that we ordered, I esp loved the Yellow Tail Tar Tar and Tom Yum Roll.Oh, and here is a tip: You can make reservations, but it has to be at least 2 hours in advance. I can't wait to go again.
4	I was able to go to Ichiza twice over the past two weeks on seperate trips to Vegas.  The first time, I was quite excited to go there as I have read all the reviews and I was certain I would enjoy the food.  When we got there, we were actually seated very quickly and our server brought our tea over very quickly.  After that, she seemed to ignore our table for 15 minutes until another server sent her over.  This really left a bad taste in my mouth and I ended up not ordering as much as I had planned to.  When the food came, everything was good.  The skewers were yummy and the honey toast is as everyone has reviewed.  A must-have!  On this experience alone, I would have only given Ichiza a 3 star.On my second trip just last week, we had to wait a bit longer for the table but was seated at the sushi bar.  Our server was very prompt, courteous, and made great recommendations.  My co-worker and I were pretty beat up after walking around the convention center for CES.  This meal really hit the spot.  Every item that we ordered was superb.  I would definitely recommend that people order from the "wall" instead of the standard menu.  The tapa-style food is definitely what sets this place apart from others. I now understand why people give this place 5 stars.  I would give it 5 star alone for the food but I will knock off one start for the mediocre service.
4	Best Japanese Curry I've Ever Had!  BF and I arrived for lunch around 1 PM and the place was full.  There were only two employees seating people, taking orders, cleaning tables, etc.  So the wait was much longer than it should have been.  We were finally seated about 15 mins after we arrived.  The two ladies were super friendly and tried to move as fast as possible to keep customers happy.  We were on vacation so I didn't mind too much having to wait a little longer.  We ordered the curry with pork cutlet and fried oysters to share.  OMG...the curry was heavenly!  and the portion was enough to make the both of us full.  The cutlet was tender and fried to perfection!  The oysters were also very juicy and yummy!  The order came with about 6-7 pieces.   Our total, including tax and tip, came out to just under $20!  This was definitely one of our cheapest and most satisfying meals of the trip.  Thanks to my sis for the recommendation!I'd love to come back during evening hours and try some of their tapas.  But if you're ever there for lunch, get the CURRY!
4	I was visiting Las Vegas this past weekend and I happened to try this spot out because it was one of the few Japanese-owned restaurants in that mile of mostly Korean and Chinese pretendo choices.I stood in front of owner/manager for about 5 minutes while waiting for some sort of hello, right after walking in. It was a bad start and I almost walked right out again.The clientele range from loud, obnoxious tourists to pretty Cosplay girls and their Vin Diesel wannabee boyfriends.The food was exceptional for the price. And I mean exceptional...for the price. It was tasty. Very cheap compared to LA. As was the alcohol. And there was not one thing that was not memorable. Service was super fast. Everyone was helpful and polite. And the manager completely redeemed himself by the end of the night.All in all, I would live here if I lived in Vegas. 4 stars as a restaurant. 5 stars as a Japanese restaurant in the USA.If you can deal with the sea of touristy idiots surrounding you, you will have a good time. Just listen to their conversations. Who knew that "like" was a verb, adjective and noun. You learn something new every day.Like, I highly suggest, you like try this place out. Like zoinks.
4	Such a refreshing good hole-in-the-wall place off the strip.   Good prices, good food and very casual.   I really liked the yellowtail tar tar, most of the skewered meats (yakitori and beef tongue) and the honeytoast. mmm mmm mmm.   I came here with a group of 12 and food came out pretty quickly and they were able to accommodate our decent sized party.  Pitchers of kept coming and we left pretty stuffed.   I think it's easier to come here with a smaller group since the place is pretty small - make sure to look on the walls for all the new items they have.  I will definitely be back!
4	theres tons of tapas style food there on menu, in front, and on the wall.  honey toast, yellowtail tar tar, and black cod are a must try.
5	Oh my.I love this place.Is it as good as everyone says?YEP!I went here, every single night I was in Vegas. Once, I even walked here from my hotel (theHOTEL).Craazzyyyy in love, that's what I say.Only problem, was that I left my glasses/contacts at home, so I had a lot of trouble reading the menu scattered everywhere on the wall. And my friend couldn't read Japanese, so he wasn't any help either!Luckily, the waitress helped, and suggested some things to try. I can't remember the name, I think it's called unagi kakiage roll. Soooooooooo good. And of course the honey toast and the yellowtail tartar. I got the tartar every, single, night along with the unagi kakiage roll.The pachinko I wasn't impressed with. It was so-so.But their scallops were sooo good, and it had my favorite fish salmon with it!yum yum yum.Everything was reasonable priced, I wish we had one of these in virginia! I'd probably gain a million pounds...so it's best that Ichiza stays on the west coast :'( :'( :'(My friend jokingly said we'd fly back out here from VA just for more Ichiza. Almost considering it.:'( :'( I think about you every night baby girl. :(
5	The food is AMAZING! They have a HUGE selection of dishes and appetizers!!  Every time I go there, I could never go wrong with the beef bowl!  A true comfort food!  They have specials dishes all around their walls so if you want to be an explorer this is a fun place to play.  A friend suggested this honey baked bread. Can I say AMAZING!  You think a warm chocolate chip cookie topped with vanilla ice cream is good, try this baby out!  This bread has a crunchy outside, then it is topped off with vanilla ice cream (or green tea if you want) and HONEY!  This dessert isn't too sweet nor bland.  Just right.This Japanese restaurant is owned by Japanese people and the fact that they have Japanese customers pretty much says how good their food is!
4	Had dinner with a friend who was craving ramen, so I searched yelp and found Ichiza. Its a nice little restaurant, wasnt too crowded at all when we went (saturday around 11pm). We sat at the bar and ordered our food. I cant remember exactly what the name of the dishes were, but she had the Ramen DX bowl and I had the Udon with shittake mushrooms and egg. Both were really good and came out to us fairly quick. We also tried the grilled squid which was really good and something off one of the many many items scattered around the restaurant. It was a fried oyster wrapped in chicken skin which tasted ok. Im tempted to keep coming back here to try out everything they have and check off each of the menu items one by one.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Great food, cool atmosphere, excellent prices. The only downside is it can be difficult to get a table, so calling ahead or making a reservation never hurts.The food runs the gamut from typical ramen/udon/noodles to sushi to tempura or robatayaki. The menu is solid, but the real gems are the items posted all over the walls. There are standards that are usually always available, but the changing specials from the chef are some really creative takes on lots of different items (like mochi ravioli and a seafood quesadilla).Some favorites:- Spicy shrimp and eggplant: shrimp (in their shell) and eggplant fried and then coated in a sweet and spicy sauce- Spicy fried chicken: Japanese style fried chicken with an excellent spicy sauce with a kiss of cinnamon- Fried baby mackerel: the whole-fried tiny little fish- Agedashi tofu: soft tofu, breaded and fried, then served in broth- Seafood quesadilla: a couple of tortillas filled and topped with a variety of diced sushi-grade fish- Steamed shrimp dumplings: probably the best dumplings I've had in LVAnd you can't beat the price (as long as you keep an eye on the $15 pitchers of beer) -- especially if you're used to shelling out for mediocrity on the Strip.
5	After being greatly disappointed by visit to Shibuya at the MGM Grand, I was wondering if I'd ever find a good sushi bar in Vegas. Then I found a great one. Ichiza is located in the Asian section west of the Strip off Spring Mountain Rd, and has a casual, neighborhood feel. The large number of Japanese patronizing this restaurant was a confirmation that this might be a special experience for me and it was. This is the type of establishment that can inspire love for a cuisine. It is devoid of pretension, focused solely on providing delicious high-quality food at an extremely reasonable price.This place is run by Japanese folks for Japanese folks and has a thoughtful menu with many daily specials. Cooked entrees are done traditionally and are on par with the best places I've eaten at in Japan. They know the difference between teriyaki and yakitori - most places you go to in the US think you just slap syrupy goo onto some chicken and stick it on a grill. At Ichiza, you can choose yakitori made with chicken, gizzards, livers and other tasty options. Grilled squid (ika) is a delight here, tender with a subtle coating of shoyu-based sauce.Sushi and sashimi are just-out-of-the-ocean fresh and doled-out in generous portions (you gotta love that). Fish is treated with respect by the sushi masters here. I enjoyed my first "tom yum" roll here-a melding of tempura-fried shrimp, veggies, cilantro and chili sauce-and it was quite tasty! Noodle fans won't be disappointed either.Service is friendly here, though a bit uneven. The servers sometimes get bogged down when the restaurant is crowded, though the kitchen seems more than capable of keeping up. The restaurant is open until 2-3 am daily so it's great for a late dinner after a show or a long night of gaming. It does get busy though so if you've a got a group, you'd be wise to make a reservation. Prices are almost disgustly reasonable for sushi. I hate to use the word "bargain" because of the negative connotations. Let's just say that you can stuff yourself silly with unbelievably tasty food without emptying your wallet.This is now a required stop on any tour of Las Vegas that I make. One of the best places for a Japanese food experience in the USA.
5	This place is awesome.  When I walk in I forget I am in Las Vegas and feel like I'm in a hole in the wall in Tokyo.the menu is crazy and the best ones are above the bar and on the wall in the dining area.I like the pretty authentic style japanese and my dining mate has recently converted from california rolls.One of my favorite to eat is the smelt fish grilled.  Flavorful, salty, and a little fishy.chicken yakitori was basic and flavorful and good for the novices.I went ahead and ordered beef tongue seared and was delighted by the tenderness and slight different texture of the meat.  I didn't tell my friend it was beef tongue til the end cause I know he would blanch and then proceed to say it taste bad.  (he thought it was delicious)the bacon asparagus was deliciousthe enoki wrapped chicken skin was a bust.  the mushroom was mushy, unflavored, and skin was fatty.The yellowtail tar tar was unusual.  definitely a combination of western and asian.  My friend loved it and I personally wouldn't order it again.I enjoyed the buta kimchi with pork more korean style and ate that with a bowl of rice.I would like to go again and try the ramen looks awesome.And maybe the curry, some more seafood like grilled squid.  The table next to us got it and it looked good. the fried rice looked good but, I try to avoid the huge meals and get more tapas style.The other table got bread with honey and ice cream.  Looked wonderful but, I was way to stuffed just from what we ordered and we eat alot.  Total bill with two teas (yummy toasted rice green tea)excluding tip $35.Not bad to try so many different dishes.
4	after 1 visit during dinner service:ambience: B- smelled like something had died in the genkan. seats were filthy. reminds me of an...izakaya, funny enough. didn't expect a nice restaurant anyway. service: A friendly and quickfood: B+ izakaya food isn't known for its refinement. it's beer food. the american equivalent would be fried cheese, and chicken wings. HOWEVER, it is so much BETTER than fried cheese and chicken wings. baby bok choy in clear garlic broththe broth is so subtle, but so flavorful, oddly enough. baby bok choy was very nice, and crunchy.yakitoriTHE hero of all izakaya food, in my opinion. and the most deliciousfried chicken cartilagegood fried item, if you like cartilagekushikatsu or fried pork cutlet on skewers (zucchini on skewer as well)can't go wrong with breaded pork cutlet fresh out of the frier. served with the house tonkatsu sauce
4	This place may seem overwhelming at first and it may be uncomfortable to get up and hover over people as you read the menu items off the wall but it's so worth it.The food was fantastic. The okonomiyaki was outstanding and the udon was probably the best i've had in quite a while.  My girlfriend really enjoy the yellow tail tar tar and tom yum roll saying that they "had just the right amount of spicy-ness". The only thing that will take some getting used to is wandering around to look at the menu items on the wall but if that's the biggest problem this place presents I'll happily eat here as often as possible.Decently priced, this place is a relief from the overpriced Japanese food (read: sushi) available on or near the strip.
4	Awesome interesting inexpensive place.  Like a japanese tapas place.  Lots of small plates, feels like a local / college bar.  Not a place for picky eaters but if you want to spend some time eating all kinds of different exotic tasty bites go here.  Get the honey bread ice cream dish for dessert, also the bakery next door is awesome.Oh ya, the girls who work there are cute and friendly.
5	4 stars for yumminess and 1 for value.  i think i've made at least 1 stop at ichiza in 9 of my last 10 trips to vegas.  don't order from the menu - order off the wall!
4	Went for an early dinner on a Friday night and there was about a 30 min. wait, so if you know you'll be hungry go early!As many have said before me, the honey toast alone makes this place worth a try!Their menu is a bit confusing, since they also have a lot of options on the wall, but I was satisfied with everything I tried and the waitress made some good suggestions.
4	Came here because I was looking for a place to have a birthday dinner for a friend, and I needed to keep the bill to less than $50/person.  Found out about it here on yelp.  We did it...$33/person after eating till we were stuffed and had some to spare and plenty of sake and beer.I made reservations well in about a week in advance, for a party of 18 people. It was a Sunday night around 745pm and the restaurant was packed.  We were seated promptly.  There are menus they provide and then there are tons of postings on the walls with alternative menu items.  You kind of have to start at one side of the wall and slowly take in everything, otherwise it's quite overwhelming and you start just ordering everything cause everything sounds so good.  If you've been to Honda Ya or Shin-Sen Gumi, then I'm sure you're used to it and this is similar to those places.The food is hit or miss.  Great thing is that because they're small plates, you can try many different things.  Good ones to try are the  braised cod, or any of the yakitori and the grilled salmon. There are handrolls that you can make yourself too, but I'd rather just have them do it for me.  Someone in my party ordered the baked potato with the cod roe....that I'd skip.  We just asked the waitress what was good and she gave us a few suggestions.  Didn't really try their rolls. I'm not sure if I'd want to at a place that is known for izakaya.  The must have would be the honey toast for dessert.  Sooo yummy!Note: If you're taking a cab here, it might take you a little while to find a cab back.  Suggestion would be to go to the Asian Plaza next door.  If you stand out on the street side for a little bit too...maybe 5-10 mins you should find one.
4	When visiting Japan, you have to try the sidewalk kiosks where a wood-carved bench and old world counter wait for you to sit and have some ramen. Menus are not the same at those restaurants; rather, they consist of large papers with hand written kanji of delectables.This is where you want to eat, and thankfully Vegas has a touch of that in itself. On Spring Mountain Road, where all the best Asian food is found, is a small sake bar and grill called Ichiza. When you walk up to the door, you can already tell it's going to be great and authentic, because the writing in the signs are all kanji and English subtitled.As you enter the place, they all shout a great Japanese greeting, one I cannot spell or even create a phrase to type into my critique, but if you've been to a Japanese sushi bar, you know what that greeting is. I love the atmosphere, because it's wooden tables and benches at the bar, just like in Japan, and there is a seating area where you take off your shoes and kneel at the table. The bar is great! You get to sit at the bar and order from the chefs themselves off of menus that are papers stuck randomly above your head. It's beautiful, very authentic--down to the hangers for the aprons in the corner of the restaurant (which reminds me of a small Japanese closet in a typical apartment there).The food is fantastic. I have to say that they don't have a wide range of sushi selections, but they have the street foods from Japan that are worth every penny. From squid on a stick to char-su ramen (pork ramen in soy), the menu is expansive, added to daily, and simply delicious.I would suggest asking the chef to make a custom roll for you, although the price will be significantly different. And if you have the budget, eat blue tail sashimi. It's spectacular and fresh.Try their food. Ichiza is at 4355 Spring Mountain Rd # 205. You can call for more information at 367-3151.Come to Japan on a staycation, or just to have a nice dinner. It's worth the trip.Tip: get there earlier than usual lunch and dinner times.  It gets crowded.
4	I love this place and the food is good izakaya and I can sing praise about the variety and the quality but a few critiques I feel more important to talk about-Man sometimes the wait is crazy and it's not like they take reservations on the list unless youre a big party. Sometimes they have a big table "reserved" for the entire time I'm eating and no one sitting there and it's such a waste of space...they need to manage that part better as one big table is a loss. Also theres SOOO many parchments all over the wall and some are just pure kanji.....I feel like I might be missing out on a delicious special but it's all in kanji so a gaijin like me will always be clueless as what wonders it might be saying. Even if I can read it- I cant read the entire restaurant so I might even miss stuff that way....maybe a simple typed printout menu of the seasonal stuff and new stuff thats on the wall to make it easier? I want to ask the waitress, but it's so busy  usually and I dont want to waste her time.
4	First thing is... this izakaya is crowded on the weekends!  Even on the weekdays, it's pretty busy.  The staff is friendly with everyone greeting you as soon as you come in.  Ichiza's pretty easy to find.  It's on the left side of Spring Mountain just before Arville if you're coming from the strip.  It's in the plaza with the big Korean BBQ sign on the second floor above Tea Station and next to the Crown Bakery store.If I'm there for a meal I'll order something like the Ramen DS with Kakuni (pork belly) or I'll just order a pitcher of Kirin when I'm there to just hang out and eat some appetizers like the beef tongue and chicken gizzards.  I enjoy the unique spread of food on the menu as well as the wood interior and the paper menus posted on the wall.This place has great food, drinks, and a great atmosphere (unless you don't like crowded places).  I definitely recommend it.
4	For quite a few years I've heard nothing but good things about this place (especially the Honey Toast), but never could find the time to take a visit and try it out.That changed today. One of my friends believes that every time you have a birthday or some random celebratory incident, you should visit a brand new place to make it more memorable. With such beliefs, we trekked down to Ichiza today after work for my birthday.At first it was a bit overwhelming as we didn't know what to expect and having the menu spread sporadically amongst the walls wasn't much help. However, it made this place a lot more interesting. I knew I had to order the Honey Toast, so the first thing we did was ask for it.Man, were all the rants and reviews about this culinary piece of tasty goodness correct! We killed it after making a few jokes about how one certain person in our group thought the big glob of ice cream was butter. Thank goodness it wasn't! We were contemplating ordering one more, but decided we should trek further into the menu.Since there were so many choices to decide from, we all decided to pick one thing and we would pick off eachother's plates. We decided to play it safe and stuck with Ika Rings (fried calamari), Yakisoba Quesadilla (New Item), Salmon & Mozzarella Tempura (New Item), & Spicy Deep Fried Chicken. The Ika Rings came first, and they were the typical fried calamari fare (tough and crunchy).The Salmon & Mozzarella Tempura came next, and this definitely was one of the best dishes of the night. The cheese was nice and gooey and the salmon lined the cheese against the tempura batter. We probably should have ordered a second order.Another popular favorite amongst us was the Yakisoba Quesadilla. One issue a few of us had was the ginger. We're not huge ginger fans, so the fact that we tasted it kind of ruined the feel good first bite of this dish. Other than that, this item was amazing.After we finished these four, we decided to order a few skewers of Yakitori. Three of us (including myself) had grown up in various parts of Japan during our childhood, and these chicken pieces on a stick brought many memories back to us. Memories always lead to great conversation.I fell in love with this place; however, I think next time I'll order something different and be sure to ask for no ginger.
4	During my trip from South Dakota to Cali the bf and I planned it so that we would have a stopover in Vegas and we wanted to try something that was off the strip that more locals ate at that was not ridiculously expensive. We love izakaya and frequently go to Village Yokocho in NYC so we wanted to see how this place would hold up.We went there on a Saturday and got there about 7ish or so, it was pretty packed and there was a large asian clientele which I always look at as a good thing in an asian establishment. We had to wait for about 5 mins or so, but with a smaller party it's always a shorter wait and we had a seat at the bar.The waitresses there were adorable and were very friendly and helpful. You got a regular menu but as people said in other reviews you have to walk around to see what other tasty treats might be posted on the wall around the restaurant.There were a few things we had to get, one was the yellowtail tartare. It was...interesting, with tortillas and avocado being the main tastes, I am not sure if I would get it again but it wasn't bad...I wish I got more of a taste of the yellowtail in the dish. A quick breadown of the other thins we got if my memory serves correct:1) Wasabi octopus - seemed like a popular dish, very fresh, cut good so its not to chewy, cheap2) Fried squid - great sauce, perfectly cooked3) Red snapper carpaccio - pretty presentation, eh on taste but not terrible4) Spicy deep fried chicken - another seeminly popular dish, it was drenched in that srirachi sauce (sp?) but the breading wasn't to heavy and reminded me of a tempura5) Tried to get salmon belly but it was sold out for the night6) Honey toast of course - I dont know how they get half a loaf of bread to do that but I love carbs and I liked the denser chewy parts that were drenched in honey that you scoop up some melting ice cream with. We had to get some Asahi Super Dry which was super cheap for the super big bottle, all together I dont even think our bill came up to $40 with all of that between the two of us, and it was an interesting neighborhood. The ladies next to us got a bunch of sushi and a ramen dish which looked good but nothing to spectacular. I wish I saw or thought to ask for monkfish liver because that is really really yummy. We wanted to get some yakitori but they didn't have any combos and the selection was pretty small, overall I think our NY spot is still #1 but this place was solid.One thing I dont like about Vegas is it's a little hard to get a cab and you technically can't flag one down on the street, you can call for one and there is a cab stand close by...we happened to see a guy leaving the shopping complex next door and ran up on him to get a ride, which can work as well.
4	The Honey Toast alone should warrant this restaurant a 5 star but everything in my soul wishes that the rest of the food offered here were just a tad tastier. My break down:Make reservations and you will get a reserved booth for your party. But be sure to wear matching socks as you will need to take off your shoes before you climb in. Sitting at the bar is equally appealing as the pace of the kitchen will surely keep you entertained the whole night.Avoid the fried stuff because the batter is not well seasoned. I feel that the fish could be fresher but this is Las Vegas so I can't blame. My next visit here I would order: Tofu salad, fresh Udon, and Honey Toast.
4	What a hidden gem off the strip :) Great authentic Japanese tapas restaurant offering all sorts of Japanese dishes you wouldn't be able to find ANYWHERE else.Off thier regular menu, we ordered the spicy tuna roll ($5.75). You get 8 solid pieces of spicy tuna! What a freaking deal!!! Fish was really fresh too!After seeing so many pictures of the "Tar Tar Yellow Tail" ($6.95) we had to get this. And this was definitely one of our favorite dishes. Rice, avocado, tomato, lettuce, and chopped yellow tail layered between fried  biscuits. SO unique!!! Nice summer dish!Another item off thier special menu, we got the "Eel, Kakiage, Tempura Roll" ($6.95). This was a california roll (avocado, crab, cucumber) topped with tempura, sashimi, and eel. There was NO way you can get this all in one bite so we ended up taking it apart to eat. Very good! The sweet sauce on the eel went nicely with the creamy avocado of the california roll.Next we 1/2 an order of the "Tom Yum Roll" ($6.95). This had tempura shrimp, avocado inside and another piece of cooked shrimp and cilantro was placed on top of the roll. Then this combination was wrapped in a spring roll wrap. Honestly? Nothing special. and not really worth $7 for 4 pieces. But a nice light taste especially after squeezing the lime juice on top.Again, after seeing so many yelpers post a picture of this Honey Toast ($7.95) dessert, I had to have it! The thing is HUGE. It is literally half a loaf of bread. NO JOKE. Topped with a scoop and vanilla ice cream and drizzled with honey. I would say 80% of the people here got the dessert. And to my surprise the bread is so light and fluffy that we almost killed this thing between the2 of us! crazy!!! The toast is REALLY soft in the inside and toasted on the outside. A simple and light dessert! A must try here!Warning - food comes out really slow and it would be wise to make a reservation. There were tons of people waiting outside even when we left at 8pm. They did take reservations for us on a Sunday night and we were seated right away :)What a unique experience and truly a hidden gem away from the strip!
4	Definitely a locals find.. Thanks to yelp.  The same great, fun open atmosphere I usually expect from a good Japanese restaurant.  Memorable dish was the Ahi Tuna Salad and....So what is all this talk about the Honey Toast?  I was quite hesitant because how can toast +honey+butter+a scoop of ice cream get that many citings on yelp reviews...and it's like $10. So because of yelpers, I had to try it...and I must say THANK YOU. It was the most scrumptiously delicious dessert I've eaten in a long time.  It had a great natural honey sweetness, a creamy vanilla ice to balance  and all on top of this huge piece of buttered crispy toast that gave it awesome texture.   So why not a 5 star? Because my group had at least 10 different items, and I could only remember 2 things that really stood out.  Hmm, 2 out of 10 isn't that great of a ratio. But at least I don't remember anything bad, right?
4	Ichiza is a local hot spot for friends to gather, drink cold house Sake ($4), eat yakitori (love the chicken gizzard & wings), Honey Toast (My favorite dessert) and be sure to try anything on the wall menus which are all hidden gems of a meal!
3	Mochi wrapped in bacon? Asparagus wrapped in bacon?! Salmon mozzarella tempura, oh my!This place has a lot of food that boggles your mind. Be adventurous and order off the items on the wall. This is the kind of stuff you see on Iron Chef. BUT, execution of many the dishes are far from Iron Chef caliber.Our group ordered a lot and I still don't remember everything I ate.* Deep Fried Prawns - The prawns are not the jumbo shrimp that many people are use to, but the small size everyone refers to as shrimp. Even then it wasn't deep fried enough where you can eat the entire shrimp as a whole, which left a bitter a taste because you can still taste the shell. We had a couple of pieces left over, which is a sin for our group to waste seafood! I guess it was just that bad.* Eggplant - I don't like eggplant, this dish reinforces that idea. It just came out what look like something you serve prisoners. Regardless, tried it and it wasn't good. Everyone, except one person like the dish, explaining it could have been served warmer, instead of lukewarm.* Mochi wrapped in Bacon - Bacon has a very salty taste and mochi has a weaker sweet taste. Combine both, and you get bacon taste. Really thats all there is to this, sure you get the chewy mochi texture, but the bacon just overpowers it. I might as well get a bacon skewer wrapped in bacon.* Salmon Mozzarella Tempura - We ordered this at the beginning of the meal, but didn't get it till almost the end of our meal. Great combo, but poor execution. Mozzarella or any cheese for that matter should be really melted and served as hot as possible. Thats why nachos, pizza, and burgers all have melted cheese because it just tastes better! The mozzarella tempura came to us lukewarm and almost cold. Just properly heating up the mozzarella could have made this dish a winner, but just became another forgotten dish. * Oysters w/ garlic butter sauce - Oysters was good, but felt the garlic butter sauce drowned the flavors of oysters. Maybe a little bit less garlic and a more watered down butter sauce would do it. * Salmon something w/ Salmon Caviar - This is a zensai or Japanese hors d'oeuvres. I believe it was salmon, but I could be wrong.  The caviar (fish eggs), just overpowered the rest of the zensai. Get the tar tar yellow tail instead.* Pork w/ eggs and ?? - I forgot what this was exactly, but the first time we ordered it, our pork was tough and dry. But ordering it for round 2 there is a world of difference. This bothers me a little when they can't deliver food consistently good.* Pork steaks with onions - The opposite happen with this one, it was good the first time we got it, and not so good the second time. First time it was cooked properly preserving the juices of the pork, but second time resulted in a more dry pork steak that didn't really have much flavor.* Wasabi Squid / Octupus - I don't like squid and octupus, but did give this a try. It was supringsly very refreshing. I thought I would get the kick from the wasabi, but I got a refreshing cool taste instead. I still wouldn't eat it again, but I'm sure those who love squid or octupus will love this dish.* Gyoza - Served hot for us. Very tasty and delicious. * Artichoke or Asparagus wrapped in Bacon - Wrap anything in bacon, and it'll probably taste good. This waste the case. Look mom, I'm eating my veggies... wrapped in BACON! * Beef Liver with bean sprouts and green onion - I don't really like eating liver, but this was one of the dishes that was executed very well.   It was very tender all the way through, and the bean sprouts and green onion just help balance the flavors of the liver.* Beef Carpaccio - Clean refreshing taste, that does a good job of balancing the strong beef flavors.* Black cod - Very flavorful and just cooked properly all the way through. This was reminiscent of the awesome sea bass at HK star.* Tar Tar Yellow Tail - Its just so hard for me to describe this, just order it, its good! You get 4 of them per order.* Honey Toast w/ Ice Cream - 5 pieces of honey bread toasted together, and the center burrowed out to fit the Vanilla ice cream. Simple, but awesome. We originally were given plastic utensils trying to divide it in our group, but that failed. Another waitress saw this fail, and gave us some metal utensils to slay the honey toasted dragon. It would have been nice if the first waitress gave us metal utensils to begin with. Phew that was a long list, there was more but I really can't remember them all. The wait staff was very friendly and refilled our drinks in a timely manner without asking. Other than the mishap with the Salmon Mozzarella Tempura and the plastic utensils, no complaints. The back of the house could use some work though, needing to deliver food consistently good and refine some items.Ichiza is a cool hangout to try Japanese Izakaya food, but there are a couple of land mines along the way as you try to find the gems. Don't get blown up!
4	This is a great izakaya establishment!The place isn't that large and it's best to place reservations if you plan on visiting on the weekend.  We stopped in and 11pm on a Friday night and it was packed!  There were few tables meant for small parties and there were two low lying tables, tatami style seating, meant for large parties .Things we had:- Hamachi sushi.  The pieces were large and oh so fresh.  - Chicken yakitori.  Oishii! - Tum yum roll.  It was shrimp tempura with avocado and cilantro, wrapped in spring roll wrap, topped with sriracha sauce.  It was a little weird but but still tasty.- Unagi kakiage tempura roll.  If you love unagi, then you will love this roll!  - Honey toast.  It's five pieces of bread baked to perfection, with a scoop of ice cream in the middle, drizzled with honey.  As local Hawaiian islanders say, "broke da mout!" The food sure gave us a food coma.It's a great place to eat at when you're dying to get away from the strip!
3	The problem that we had was with the service.  When we arrived, the first person we encountered was our server,who had a look of confusion when we 1st interacted with her, and her deer-in-the-headlights expression started to complement her performance as a server.  When we 1st arrived, we tell her that we are 2 and a baby... she glances around at some free tables and tells me that we need to wait.  We stand there for some time until the manager approaches us with a bit of a surprised look on his face and quickly sits us at one of the vacant tables that the girl glanced at.  I ask our server for a high chair for my son... I stand there for like 5 minutes until the manager approaches me and gets me one.  Our food took long, the server never came to check on us, we never got any drinks refilled, and I had to hunt down the server for our check.  I want to make it clear that this place is not good to take kids to.  My son is actually great in restaurants.  My son doesn't throw tantrums, throw food, or run around.  He sits in his high chair, makes some noise (nothing crazy), and eats.  Granted, there's gonna be some food on the floor, but that's the worst of it.  When the server saw the food on the floor... deer-in-headlights.  There was honestly about 1/2 cup of scattered noodles / rice on the floor.  She responded as though I took everything we ordered and threw it all over the restaurant!Don't get me wrong... the food here is excellent!  We saw many Japanese couples around the restaurant eating, which was a huge sign to my wife and I that this place would most likely be authentic.  The quality and freshness of the food proved to be outstanding.  My wife and I are from San Francisco and were used to frequenting Japan-town for authentic Japanese food and this place seemed  as authentic as what we are used to.Quick conclusion: bad service, don't bring young children, authentic delicious Japanese food
5	Ok, I get it. This food is amazing. You could probably eat here a hundred times and not get the same thing twice. Must go back for dinner.
4	Definitely best to visit for dinner -- the menu is more extensive -- lunch is much more limited and they don't serve honey toast at lunch. Food is very good and the prices are extremely reasonable -- not too mention great service.
4	My friend has never been here and I was more than happy to take her. For my own selfish reasons, of course.We arrived as soon as they opened the doors for dinner and we were seated right away. We proceeded to order the following items.1. Sashimi plate- probably t the freshest sashimi plate I have ever experienced2. Butterfish - black cod3. Pork Belly4. Beef tongue5. Chicken skewers 6.Soft Shell crab7. Ama Ebi8. Tofu9. Uni10. Mackerel11.Shrimp Tempura12. Vegetable TempuraThey were all flavorful and tasty. Great price. The service was not that great. I had to keep asking for refills and napkins. The food makes up for it.
5	This little Japanese joint is off the charts! The decor is street-ish Japanese.  From the tables to the writing to the kitchen.What's unique about the place is the 'special' menu is written on the walls.  So if you are daring, by all means, order from it.  This place is one of a kind, it's not your typical Bennihana's or Kyoto Bowl, this is a direct import from Japan! =) Love it!You can almost say this place serve 'tapas' but Japanese-style.  I had grilled squid to fried rice to raw sliced meat.  All I can say is this was a different dining experience but so good!Great place to hit up after a long night of dancing and mingling, opens super late!
4	My first visit here was very disappointing, when you walk-in the place looks like its just going to be a good place, they have the menu basically on the wall this place is always packed!  That first experience was so bad I couldn't even bring myself to write a review I just wanted to forget the whole experience. One night my friends really wanted to try this place out, I was very hesitant and insisted that we go someplace else. But of course they had heard great things of this place and wanted to try it out. Like I said earlier the ambiance of this place is awesome. I tried the oysters all 3 or 4 styles. OMG it was amazing def. had a lot of flavor very fresh LOVED IT. Then I had the Yellow tail sashimi with jalapenos, the cuts were awesome the sauce was incredible. I wanted to try the raw beef but they were out. I had the spicy tuna hand roll instead. This was def not the type of spicy tuna they have in a tub and just scoop it up, it was very fresh and you could tell they just prepared it. My overall experience second time around definitely changed my mind about the place, the service could use a little work. Not that they weren't nice they just didn't come as often as I would have liked. I look forward to going back and trying out some new stuff!
4	Among the different asian ethnic fare within a 1 mile radius, I would be skeptical to think that this small joint in the 2nd floor of a small strip mall would produce authentic izakaya fare but I was suprisingly wrong.  Very very authentic dishes and suprisingly quick to come out.  We made a reservation since we had 6 people and our table was ready even though we showed up a 1/2 hour early.  We started off with a couple of nama biiru straight off the tap.  Nothing starts a meal off better.We ordered a variety of items since it was our first time here.  All were pretty good and none were bad.Sake sashimi - Very fresh which is all that countsButa kimchee - Good taste, no sourness from kimchee at all.Buta kakuni - Decent portion and good flavor.  Soft as it should be.Tai Carpaccio - Very unique.  Ikura and onions and yamakake come with.Tsukune - A little small but pretty tasty.  Add a little shichimi on top and you are set.Fire roasted Nasu - Not sure how they prepared this but it seemed steamed but had a very noticable smoky flavor. Oishii.Tatsuteage - How can you go wrong with fried chicken.Yamaimo Tempura - Good batter is the key to tempura and this place has it.  You can deep fry anything as tempura with a good batter and it comes out roses.Asari Butter - Steamers with wine, butter, and lots of garlic.  So good.Uni Mochi - Saw the reviews and had to try it.  Not bad.  Would have liked more uni and less mochi, but the taste of the mochi is what makes this so unique.  Good idea to make it look like a nigiri with the nori wrapped around the mochi and uni on top.  Good.Yaki Onigiri - A good one is hard to find and this place's yaki onigiri is pretty good.  All in all, the food is definitely authentic izakaya and the atmosphere and decor actually reminds me of an izakaya in japan.  Seating can be independent or bar style or community table or even tatami area.  Even though no smoking is allowed, there is definitely a smokiness from the grill that fills the room which is always natsukashii.  A definite change from the normal Vegas fare.Next time I am going with a different mindset.  I am going with a few dishes, shochu, and for dessert, ramen for me, honey toast for the wifey.   Tanoshimini.  Can't wait.
4	When ever I go to Ichiza I get a serious case of, 'my eyes are bigger than my stomach.' There is sooOo much good food to chose from! I have made it a point to try something new every time I drop by for dinner and all the dishes are just as good as the last, the sushi is to die for, and the saki is pretty bomb!It's common that this place is packed and you have to wait. They open at 5 for dinner and I like to make sure I'm there around that time to get a table. I have been going to Ichiza for the past 6 years and every visit is like the first. I recommend this place to anyone who appreciates good japanese food. =)
4	This little japanese spot is absolutely fabulous! Its a hidden gem and NOW one of my favorite spots on spring mountain. I felt like I was on the streets of japan instead of vegas with all the little hand written specials taped all over the walls. I love the fact that this is not the typical japanese sushi joint that you see around Vegas, its definetly on its own level and pretty authentic.Starting off with the seaweed salad, not the usual bright green salad you get, it was yummy and different. Next we got sashimi of albacore and hamachi, ahh heaven! The hamachi was as buttery as it should have been, little bit of soy, shiso, and daikon....phemonal. Moving on we got the grilled squid and well as the grilled pike mackerel, both very nice. I so wanted to try more things but after barely finishing a split beer and all of that which doesnt sound like alot...we left there happy and content...thumbs up..
5	This place is always packed, so call ahead.  Before you go, read some reviews and decide what you want ahead of time.  There are over 100 items on the menu, none of them are English words and none have a description. As for the food: I HIGHLY recommend the egg drop soup, beef tongue, saikoro steak and the yellow tail tar tar.  The honey toast is good, definitely order it if you are into deserts. The red snapper cappracio has gotten lots of reviews but I though it tasted boring.  The black cod tasted too buttery.
4	Little piece of Japan in Las Vegas. The place gets packed fast. So call ahead. Taxi ride from the airport will run about $25 and about $18 from the strip. This place is not a sushi restaurant, it is a perfected kitchen that offers numerous delights from spiced beef tongue, whole grilled squid, steak, fish and pitchers of Sapporo. We usually sit at the bar and trust the chef with Omakase creations. The restaurant is open late and offers some of the tastiest Japanese cuisine in Las Vegas. A great place to enjoy with friends. As authentic as restaurants in Tokyo for 1/4 the price. Savor and enjoy.
5	I LOVE this place!  For the people that eat's off the strip, don't!  Common sense that the strip jacks up price for far less quality food.  Always search for places that are off the strip!  Very unique and authentic restaurant, meaning there are no other than japanese workers here, not counting the Mexican that does the dishes.  You can look at the menu or look on the wall menus, but basically, you pick a bunch of small dishes instead of huge entrees.  Their dessert is awesome!
5	I am adding Ichiza to my list of favorite Japanese restaurants. DH and I went here for dinner @ 8pm on a Friday night. I was anticipating a long wait but when we got there, we were immediately seated at the sushi bar/counter. Im glad that I checked Yelp for suggestions before coming here since their menu is practically plastered all over the walls of the restaurant!We ordered the Shrimp Fried Rice, Sakana roll, Uni in Ponzu Sauce, Mochi wrapped in Bacon, Fried whole Garlic, Chicken and Gizzard Yakitori.The Uni and Sakana were sooooo good and by far are my 2 favorites from Ichiza. The Garlic was not strong and tasted really good with the salty paste it was served with. The chicken and mochi skewers were very tasty and moist!Of course we have saved room for their famous Honey Toast which was absolutely to die for! The honey and vanilla ice cream were a perfect combination on top of the big crunchy chunk of bread.This place also gives me a happy vibe and combining that with the good food for a great price, Ichiza earns 5 stars from me :)We will be coming back to try other items on their menu the next time we are in Vegas!
5	The onomiyaki is to die for, as is the buttery soft blue fin tuna. Spicy fried chicken is spicy + sweet (bring a kleenex for your sniffles afterwards). Another amazing experience at Ichiza.Be sure to get one of their "frequent flier" cards, stamped at each visit, you earn 10% off your 10th meal.
5	I love this place. I've been going here since 2002. During a rough patch in my life, Ichiza's half bowl of ramen noodle at the bar with a pint of Kirin (draft) was a good source of cheer and comfort for me when I first moved out to Las Vegas. Since then, I've introduced this place to tons of friends and it's one of the few places I go back to visit when I'm back in town.I can't add substantially more to what others have already said - yes, order the specials from the wall; no, you don't have to read Japanese (but it helps). This place is known more for it's small dishes not so much it's sushi/sashimi (although they serve that too) - so go elsewhere if you expect this. Else, be prepared to share and drink a few with friends if you go b/c the dishes are small and everyone can't resist a taste, right?My faves? Among others, my staples are the fire roasted eggplant (a nice smokey flavour to it!), black cod (tender and flakey....), ramen (shoyu), super fried udon noodles (now defunct - they stopped serving a couple of years back - but maybe if everyone asks loud enough, they'll bring it back?), wasabi tako (nice wasabi flavour), the vegetable tempura over rice (a bit greasy, but good after a long day of hiking) and the chawanmushi (I grew up with this stuff...so good memories for me!).Interesting items? Of course. But the bacon wrapped mochi stands out...I like mochi...but have since sworn off bacon and pig stuff....so I'll always have to miss out on this from now on. :(Overall, a great place...prolly one of the first innovators for this type of establishment in the Las Vegas area, but I've heard others have popped up since. Regardless, it's a good standby and quality is good and it's cheap. We had a bachelor party dinner here a year ago and the total bill per person was only $50 including drinks. Tell me where in Las Vegas you could feed 10+ guys with good Japanese food that cheap?
2	After reading all these reviews, I've come to the conclusion that awesome Japanese  food (other than sushi) is hard to find ANYWHERE in the continental US (including, the OC).  Yeah, the food is good, but I've had better (in Hawaii, Japan, Singapore and Guam).  The price is great, but the service sucks.  Most of the waiting for tables could be eliminated by better server staff- ( I would have vacated my table 20 mins earlier if the waitress would have brought my CHECK, which had items on it that I never recieved!).  But wait-  how popular would this place REALLY be if  y'all didn't have to wait 30 mins for a table?  Advice for the owners/management:  hire more experienced staff, it can't hurt you (even gaijin can learn to say Irashaimase and arigato),  invest in a simple computer system that allows your staff to have a CONCRETE copy of orders instead of a handwritten chit.   I SAW the food I ordered go to tables that ordered after me, and servers came up to us numerous times, trying give us stuff we never asked for.  If you still plan on going, some advice for you- take the menu outside with you when you're waiting on a table.  Order everything at once, INCLUDING dessert. Take whatever comes to your table- even if you didn't order it, cause chances are something you ordered won't ever get made.
5	Yes! Yes! Yes! I think we ordered about 1/2 of the menu for just the 2 of us & loved it. Try it. While there we ran into (literally) food critic John Curtas, lol!FYI: There was a sign posted they will not be open for lunch any more. Dinner only.
5	two words.  Honey Toast.  - So Good!!  who would think it would be a great idea to hollow out half a loaf of bread, pack it with vanilla ice cream and put honey on top of it?  You can share one with 2-3 other people so it's a relative dessert bargainOh and the rest of the food there is pretty damn good too!
4	This place was great! The Pork belly is *unbelievable* -- the Grilled Salmon was perfect. We had tuna rolls and perfect fried rice, all excellent. The wilted Spinach with peanut sauce (?) was good, too -- but could be skipped.  The Chicken gizzards were good as well. For desert we all (4 men) shared this sweet bread with ice cream on top, and there was still some left. Very Good!The only turn-off (and the reason this isn't 5 stars) was while sitting you notice the cloth-covered seats showed all the "history" of the place, if you can imagine what I mean. Blech. But that's the price you pay for authentic Japanese. Get off the strip and check this place out!
4	i think best thing about this place is variety of their menu. although i'm not a fan of there meat patty... me and my bf thought we would try it because it was on their specialty but its basically watered down meatloaf. but they have GREAT vege, mushroom dishes! MMM and their grilled fishes are awesome too. food is served in tapas style which i'm a HUGE fan of. me and my bf keeps going back here because there's always something on their menu that we hvent tried. its fun little spot, always busy. OOH i tried shochu cocktail the other day with plum. i wasn't crazy about it for the price..it was very dilluted it seemed, but tip on drinking that is take a bite of plum while ur drinking it like vodka with olives!
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Inconsistent service.LIKE  The omelettes. The skewers. Membership/discount card.LOVE  The Honey Toast. The different kinds of seafood fried rice. The authentic atmosphere. Open late at night. Special menu items on the wall.
5	Just went with my boyfriend and our friend for an AWESOME meal. We had;- Whole spanish mackeral [grilled whole fish with charcoal flavor, mmm! crispy on the outside and flaky mackeral on the inside]- Beef tataki [seared on the outside, raw on the inside, with a delicious sauce and crunchy side dishes that make the beef bites even yummier]- Pot stickers/gyoza [crispy, good flavor, the boys especially dug]- Uni with ponzu [several excellent pieces of uni served in a cored-out lemon with cucumber, ponzu and several herbs or toppings- totally delicious!!! my favorite, I ordered two and ate them all by myself]- Steamed shrimp dumplings [tender, juicy, lots of shrimp flavor, really yummy, served on a bed of shredded cabbage- 5 or so large dumplings]- Beef tongue skewers [my boyfriend's first time having them and he really enjoyed them, described them as being like a good gristly, fatty piece with a little bit of meat, cooked over a charcoal grill to give it that extra good flavor]- Gizzard skewers [chewy with great flavor, good for gizzard fans- my boyfriend didn't dig it but he'd never liked them in the past]- Yakitori skewers [yummmmy]- Yellowtail and salmon nigiri [big, fat pieces of fish! super fresh and tasty, excellent]- Yellowtail tartare [rice sandwiched between crisped wontons with lettuce, yellowtail, avocado and tomato- good, but not something I'd go out of my way for]- Takoyaki [crispy dough balls with octopus, shaved nori, molten dough in the center & benishoga on the side - not sure how authentic they are but they come out super hot and are delicious!]I also had the hot green tea- excellent tea. I love how the waitresses go round the restaurant with a hot kettle of tea to replenish frequently, too, it's a nice touch. My boyfriend had two servings of the Kirin Ichiban from the tap and enjoyed it, served in nice big mugs. I had a cold bottle of sake, which was enough for ~8-10 shots. It was a lot of food for 3 people, we left stuffed! Our bill came out to $103, but considering the amount of food we had and the overall quality of it, that's excellent! SO worth it. It's our new favorite establishment in town. :} I liked that they had the powdered seasoning at the table for rice and soy sauce, it's a great touch. Also, make sure you take the time to explore the signs on the wall- more than half of the food available is posted that way. It can be hard to read some of the items, but that's how we found the uni with ponzu and that was fabulous! I'm going back soon to get the membership. :}
5	Came here twice in April, both late night while passing through the area on my Great Farewell West Coast tour.  The previous hostess was nowhere to be seen, which seems to be a good thing.  Had all my favorites and received great service so back to 5 star status.  Sadly I may not be back any time soon now that I relocated to Texas.
4	great food & top shelf wait staff. authentic Japanese dining experience. Butter clams were awesome & the yakitory & chicken balls reminded me of the food I loved in Ginza.....great place for food & beers.
5	This I would come here again. Me, my wife and her best friend came at about 10pm at night it wasn't packed as usually I thought. but about 12am it got busy. There was alot of food you can order some on the wall that they have new or some on the menu that is just original. Take your time looking at the wall for new items
5	One word "SuperLicious!" Ok a made up word.  I've been going to this place since 2007, we decided to try it since there were sooo many people waiting for such a small hole in the wall place.  We fell in Love!  I've taken my ex-hisband there, my current husband and most of all my friends, and u know it's good if my ex will go w me even though we hate each other.  I luv there Broiled rice balls w/umeboshi (plum) inside and ther tatsu-age (fried boneless chicken),  the Ochazke w/plum is a must when you're feeling sick, at first u wouldn't like it, but now everyone craves it when they're sick.A few things that's a must when you go:Yellow Tail TatakeBroiled Rice balls (they come in 2's)Charamushi (egg soufle w/shrimp, chicken, mushrooms, spinach)Tatsu-age (fried bonelss chicken)Beef PattyButa Kimchi (stir fried kimchi/pork)Tuna Tofu salad w/ponzu (citrus) sauceJalapeno or Kimchi Fried rice. mmmm..mmm.. good!Last but not least the Honey French toast for dessert
3	i like izakayas! i love trying the pork kim chi whenever and where-ever it's available. it was too sweet for my taste, but good try ichiza. tried yakitori okra and it was alright. they didnt have tomatoes or else that wouldve made my night! tried some salmon eggs and those are something else! super salty and sea-smelling. tried a green noodle salad (not sure what the name is) and it was surprisingly a refreshing complement all the grilled and fried foods we were eating. friend ordered a potato with cod roe on it...there was only a SMIDGET of cod roe on that $4 potato....no way jose. not worth it! order something else with more cod roe on it! we brought in outside drinks, hoping they'd let us slide....but no...no outside food or drinks allowed into the establishment. i would not come back here again, especially after being to so many better izakayas in my hometown...OC! :)
5	We were in Las Vegas for a few days and after having eating GIANT portions of great food at casino's and restaurants on the strip, we wanted to have some Asian food in the outskirts of town.  First and best restaurant we saw was Ichiza on yelp.  It definitely lived up to our expectations.  The food was awesome, the service was great and the price was right.  Dinner for 4 cost 94 dollars and we were stuffed.   I think we tried 15 different dishes.  They have a pretty extensive standard menu, but posted all over the restaurant are small placards with new dishes to try, some of which we did try and were great.  If you are looking for Japanese food in Vegas, this is the place to go.  Hands down.
5	Why go to a fancy schmancy restaurant on the strip when you can come here? This place is a must whenever I'm in Vegas because there's nothing like it in Philly. It makes me feel like I'm in a cool Japanese movie. Food is so delicious and dishes are so small and reasonably priced, I feel like I'm creating my own tasting menu. Like the miso mackerel, garlic bok choy, beef tataki, shrimp shumai. Love the octopus salad with cucumbers, kimchi fried rice and pitchers of Kirin.
4	my wife knows vegas better than my hometown and shes not from vegas, sad huh? she took me to this joint after catching the mgm jabbawockeez show. what a great place to get our japanese grub-on late in the evening!i tried out the Tar Tar Yellow Tail - i love yellow tail sushi, but this was the weakest dish. no flavor and weird texture. if this were better, i would have given Ichiza 5 star baby!chicken skewers - they were on the money. right flavor and cooked welli sampled my wifes udon bowl - the noodles were magnificent and i'm not a soup person. i wish i had more room in my belly for my own bowl of udon to eat.Buta Kimchi (stir fried kimchi/pork) - this was so grubbing. they had the right ratio of pork to kimchi - we have a winner - starts randomly punching the airHoney Toast - yea. sweet. crunch, softness. so good it will put you to sleep. this is the deal to get if your significant other has a sweet tooth. pow pow
3	Time for a revisit. Ichiza does deliver on a couple of items, but some other items are so bad, I'm not sure if you can even call it food.@ Shrimp Dumplings - Whoever recommended these dumplings need to get their head checked. These dumplings came out warm on one side and ice cold on the other side. Nuked in the microwave? Flavor wise, it was fine and I didn't get sick eating it.@ Pork Dumplings - Anyone who says these are goods needs to get their taste buds reworked because this was just bad. It was warm all the way around, but this was just inedible. No one wanted to touch this dish. Even 1 star Orchid did better with this.@ Calamari - This is like a sheep, it was baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad. I really do think they just went to International Marketplace and bought these. Because they look exactly like the ones I've seen there. Well done deep fried calamari and bad rubbery texture on the squid. @ Enoki Mushroom w/ Spinach - When our party received this dish, its like we're playing Find Waldo with the enoki mushrooms. After looking for a few minutes, we eventually saw them. The mushroom was too salty. @ Beef Tataki - Similar to the beef carpaccio. Similar clean and refreshing taste.@ Grilled Mackerel - Good tasting, but Naked Fish is cheaper and they give you a much bigger fish.@ Buttered Clams - Much better than the first time. The butter sauce this time didn't overpower the clams.@ Uni - If I was to only rate this item alone, it would get a 5 star. Uni tasted very fresh and its just yummy if you're into sea urchin gonads.@ Pork Cutlet - This was one of the items on the middle pillar against the north side of the wall. Its covered in their sauce. The pork cutlet is just cooked properly and so juicy. This would get a 5 star in my book as well.@ Cheesecake - Its just cheesecake. Nothing special, but nothing bad.@ Gyoza, Yellow Tail Tar Tar, Cheese Katsu w/ Egg - Check the previous review for a more detail review of each item. Nothing has changed from before.They ran out of ramen on a Friday night. Sad.Ichiza is like a rainbow. You have food that is 5 star and just delicious. Then you have food that is on the other end of the spectrum that you question whether or not its food. If you average out all of these scores, they're still at a solid 3. For those that read my Raku review, just tell your pretty girl that this place has a more homely and relaxing atmosphere and the pork cutlet and uni are winners.
5	Step out of the Wynn Buffet line and drive east on spring mountain.... and you will not be dissappointed..... This is real modern day Japanese food that you will find in Tokyo...a place you would go after work.... with your co-worker to eat and drink the night away....Your wallet will thank you after eating at this place.... you will still have some money in your wallet after eating at this place.don't wait..... in those stupid buffet lines at those casino..... head to this place...... you will be amaze
4	As much as I love Ichiro of the Mariners, after my meal here my new Vegas chant is ICHIZA! ICHIZA! ICHIZA! What an astounding value for the quality of food! Yes, the yakitori and deep fried menu here is not as extensive as that of izakayas in LA. Nor did I think the items were grilled as well and the proteins were not as good. But they more than make up for this by the seemingly endless pieces of paper advertising "special" menu items all over the restaurant. We got: Red Snapper Carpaccio - excellent, refreshing start to the meal. Sauteed spinach with enoki mushroom and garlic butter - the sauce was not overly buttery, this was the favorite dish of one of the diners. Agedeshi tofu - the weakest dish of the bunch, there was no crispy skin to be found here. 4 orders of chicken wings (yakitori). 1 order of beef tongue (yakitori). 4 king oyster mushrooms wrapped in crsipy chicken skin. 1 order of deep fried quail egg. 1 special sushi cut roll (eel, spicy tuna, deep fried shrimp over caliroll). 1 beer. 1 brick of honey toast - yummy! and their only dessert. And how much did that cost us? SIXTY FREAKIN DOLLARS!!! That's $10 more than what we paid PER PERSON for a mediocre brunch on the strip the next day. Beer is served up in a frosty mug for $3.75! Look around you and you will see hotel chefs grubbin down. A great sign. And a great meal. Added bonus: we told the server it was my cousin's birthday AND bachelorette party, and a few minutes later the lights were dimmed and two cute servers bring us out the brick toast with a sparkler inside and they sang us happy birthday. Nice way to end a great meal that was easy on the wallet.
4	Very authentic. It was refreshing to find this spot when I lived in LV. Goooood eats. I think its hilarious how theres way more stuff you can order if you look at the walls. Good eats and its open late.
4	Thank you Yelpers once again for pointing me in the right direction! This place is incredible! I tried all the "must have" from everyone's advice, and had a great meal. Very good neighborhood izakaya restaurant. I'm definitely going back there the next time I go to Vegas!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! I was in Vegas 4 nights and ate here 2 of them. It was recommended by a local and is the most amazing Japanese restaurant on this side of the Pacific! Blue Fin Tuna Sushimi, Yellow Tail Tar Tar, Black Cod, Ramen
4	Took business clients here. Good thing I reserved one of a few tables in the place or we would have been sitting at the communal table in the middle. This place has a very limited sushi menu and no nigiri (had to order rice with sashimi). The four rolls on the menu were very good. They have quite a few items off the menu on the wall which is hard to read (we had to get up to read them). Ate the sashimi plates, all of the rolls and few orders of edamame. Very good, especially the spider roll and spicy tuna roll. We also tried the curry dishes and they were nicely done with a perfectly done curry sauce. Also tried the miso black cod and it was excellent. I had the iced green tea (which hit the spot on a hot day) and they charge for refills, which I could care less since I was thirsty and hey... its gotta be cheaper than beer???? This is not your typical Japanese American restaurant. Its more of a restaurant if you are a sashimi connoisseur and Japanese food purist. We had a great time the four of us.... stuffing ourselves full of graet sashimi, rolls and other dishes for about $150.00.  Definately a go too place.Was not crazy about the shopping strip mall location and the small parking lot.
3	we decided to go off-strip and try this place out. our friend tried the ramen which he said was quite tasty. my hubby had a beef bowl and it was not bad. we ordered an assortment of other things - and the noteworthy items were: yakitori - gizzard, liver, pork belly and the grilled squid. while overall it was good and it was a nice change of pace from the buffets, i had hoped they had more yakitori offerings. also, the butterfish was disappointing and the yellowtail tar tar was not that great.we were full and did not have room for the honey toast - but it did look good. service was fine - friendly staff.
5	yummy authentic japanese bar foodwhat i ate:- garlic gizzards (stir fry) EXCELLENT if you like gizzards and if you like garlic. perfect balance of flavors!- deep fried sweet shrimp: honestly the best bar food ever! perfect crunchy little shrimp that you can pop into your mouth whole! (think of the deep fried head of the sweet shrimp sushi, but bite sized!) the real shrimp chip!- whole grilled squid: perfectly grilled. so flavorful!- broiled fish... sorry i totally forget the name, but its the broiled fish filled with roe. also very tasty- beef tataki: very very tasty! super fresh and flavorful. the beef was amazingly tender- yakitori of beef tongue: not the most tender ive had, but still pretty good- bacon wrapped potato (skewered): perfect hot fluffy potato, wrapped in crispy bacon... whats not to love??- crab fried rice: yummythis was probably the perfect amount of food for two girls.. hahaha jk, this was an enormous amount of food, but ate everything over the course of two hours in combination with four large sapporos. ... we spent almost $100 including a nice tip, so... not cheap, but we did eat and drink quite a bit.pros:- FOOD! if you like japanese food, or are interested in trying something other than the typical sushi, try this place! definitely try to sit at the bar! you can ogle all the food that leaves the kitchen!- service: all the servers were super friendly and cute and attentive... but i think you need to be a bit assertive with the guy at the host stand (i think he was the owner?) so that you can get seated promptly. its not that he was unfriendly, just a bit scattered trying to handle so many different things at once.- decor: cute jap pub feel. homey, not fancy or stuffy, but like your neighborhood place that you go right after work... bathroom was not the cleanest, but the typical pub/bar restroom.- hours: im not used to restaurants being open after 2 (darn LA's liquor license!), so the closing time surprised me. i guess this is normal so they can accommodate people in the service industry in vegascons:- seating... its a bit odd. since is SMALL i would always call and ask to put your name down on the list. we got there at 830 and still had to wait even though we called ahead. when we left 1030 there was a huge wait! they have two large tables toward the back for larger groups, a number of smaller tables around the perimeter of the place, some bar seating for pairs, and then two large tables in the middle that are communal- parking lot: typical of most asian parking lots - theyre never big enough. dont forget to try driving around to the back- menu on the walls... while i am a big fan of the whole authentic look of a jap pub with "new" menu items on the wall... its an utter PAIN to have to crane your neck, and then squint (cursed with the typical asian trait of myopia) around the room to read items not listed on the menu... im horribly greedy.. i want to know ALL my options, not just the ones i can read. id highly suggest ichiza spend a few more dollars and write up a COMPLETE menu for guests!
5	I love Ichiza. After a horrible night on my birthday of waiting for 2 hours at Osaka to get my table that I had reserved 2 weeks in advance, a friend of mine suggested we go to Ichiza instead. First and foremost, the service at Ichiza is phenomenal. I have been there several time since my birthday and they are always so prompt, super friendly, and they will always find seating for a big party even though they are a relatively small restaurant.The food is amazing. I thought Osaka was good but it turns out Osaka isn't shit. Ichiza has the best and some of the most unique items in the city. Plus they have a big menu that doesn't even include all the specials posted up on the wall. They must have 100 different items available at any given time, it's awesome.The price is right and the food is bomb. What more do you need?The gist: ICHIZA IS OM NOM NOM NOM
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! But BRING BACK THE BEEF CURRY UDON!!! That is all
4	I was on a business trip in Vegas alone. Researched Yelp and found this place. Came alone around 5pm. There was no crowd. I was like "did I make a mistake?". The place is small, has interesting decor. Server was super super nice. Orders:- Grilled Whole Squid: really tender, really nice grilled flavor, a bit salty for me- Chicken Gizzards: good flavor, the pieces are tiny though- Uni in Ponzu sauce: my first time try Uni. really interesting. Not hating. Melting in the mouth.- Yellow Tail Tartar : has an unexpected spicy kick to it which I like. - Beef tongues: love love love this. so yummy. Ordered second for this- Honey Toast: I don't like bread or very sweet stuffs. Ordered this since it is recommended on Yelp. It's HUGE! Like 4 rubik cubes together of bread, with a scoop of ice cream, drizzled with honey! I was shocked when the server brought it out. Didn't even come close to finish it. It is ok. They did a good job of toasting that whole block of bread though. It's not my favorite.Overall a really good experience. A company would be nice. But hey I ate everything except that block of bread. Came right under $50 including tip, right under dinner allowance by the company. Full, happy and will be back.
3	Was in town for company training and a coworker recommended this place.  I highly recommend making reservations as with any izakaya it gets busy.  Arrived only to be disappointed that they didn't have suzume.  Ordered a bottle of something else which wasn't as good.  On to the food, we ordered a bunch of stuff along with the typical yakitori stuff.  The food was good but nothing really wow'ed me.  It may have been the fact that I just simply wasn't hungry.  We did make the mistake of having a few drinks and appetizers at a restaurant inside the MGM.  We definitely ordered too much food as we had leftovers.  Did however try their honey toast which again was good but nothing spectacular.Will have to go back to try again.
3	The Skinny: Japanese izakaya restaurant with some great yakiniku favourites but unfortunately has some misses (3) service - good only if you're a regular and the manager knows you (2.5), value - pretty poor if you are eating izakaya style. Went home and needed a snack even though paid $20/person (note: we did get one small carafe of sake). (1)Normally, we usually come here for their ramen. However, we came here with a friend who's a regular here (eats here at least once a week). Boy, what a different experience that was!We got an amuse bouche. The manager actually smiled at us (he normally has a scowl on his face whenever you ask for a table). It was like we stepped into a rabbit hole. Seriously.We ordered a delicious grilled salmon collar, grilled chicken wings, jalapeno fried rice, sashimi, fried soft shell crab, tsukune, a sushi roll (eel with various toppings) and zaru soba noodles. All these items were worth ordering again.The misses are stirfried beef tongue (which I found to be a little too tough - normally I'm a huge fan of tongue), and shiso-wrapped pork/bacon skewers (which were a little too bland, needing more salt and shiso leaf).My complaints are the value of the dishes. Serving sizes are small for the money. A better value for your money is the ramen dishes.
3	WARNING: The cushions on their chairs/booths are disgusting. Mystery spills and stains and and who knows WHAT ELSE(!!) all over their once white cushions. Ichiza.. please replace your cushions for the love of god.NOW FOR THE FOOD!GIZZARDS: super chewy, but nicely seasoned.DEEP FRIED BABY SPANISH MACKEREL: I think they gave us about 20 of these things. We dipped them in their spicy mayo concoction. Not bad, not bad at all.SPIDER ROLL, SPICY TUNA ROLL: Meh. Nothing spectacular. I found them pretty mediocre, even though fresh.UNI & SQUID ROLL (WITH NATTO): First, the uni was good, so was the squid, but the natto was awful. The spider-webby feeling was difficult to swallow. The smell was rancid. And under the uni was this raw potato mush that was super gooey. Definitely not my favourite.RED SNAPPER CARPACCIO: Not bad.. but it had that potato goo again. Bleh.YELLOWTAIL TARTARE: If you've been reading about this here on Yelp, you need to know this is like a Mexican-inspired tartar. The tuna is mixed with avocado and placed atop a fried tortilla sandwiching sushi rice and some fresh pico de gallo. It is a strange combo but it works. Really well.UNI SASHIMI: Delicious. Fresh. Tasty. BUTTER OF THE SEA! For $6.75 you get about six pieces of good uni. I was impressed.HONEY TOAST: Man. We devoured this friggin thing. The bread was perfect - had that chew you need to sop up the honey/butter/melty iced cream, and the outside was toasted nicely. Mmm.. thinking about it makes me want it.Pricing: fairService: goodPlace gets packed.. even after 9pm on a Thursday night.P.S. Have fun reading their menu!!
4	A friend recommended this place. Came here for dinner & it wasn't as busy as I thought it would be from reading all the other reviews. Friendly environment. The food was GOOD! I'd recommended getting the yellowtail tar tar mmm yummy to my tummy. Also had the scallop wrapped w salmon & it was actually ok. I didn't really care for the fried garlic. I'd come back to this place again when visiting vegas in the future.
4	HONEY TOAST HONEY TOASTHONEY TOASTBy word of mouth from a friend, we HAD to grab dessert at Ichiza while on vacation in Vegas. Unfortunately the first night we went, they were out of the Honey Toast! I would think if this was such a popular dessert, they would keep a little more on hand. It all worked out though because we went back a little earlier the next night and it was well worth it.A toasted block of bread, super soft and warm on the inside, topped with vanilla ice cream and honey, WOW!
5	Excellent food, great homey atmosphere. Just bring your patience for being seated and getting the bill...Try the butterfish, if you like seafood. Also the seaweed salad shouldn't be overlooked.Friendly, upbeat and very affordably priced. Not bad for a good cultural experience at Japanese dining.
5	I love the miso ramen there, very delicious, always hot and you can get a half bowl to enjoy their other delicious dishes. My normal order when I go; Half miso ramen Dice chopped beef steak ( not on menu, this is beef chopped into bite size squares and pan seared to a medium with onions and garnished with toasted garlic :d ) Gyoza Chicken and egg bowl (oyakudon) And tall cold asahi I highly recommend this place as my new favorite (RIP Togoshi Ramen (-_-) )
5	I love this place!When I walked in, it was like being back in Osaka! Even though this place is originally from Okinawa. The atmosphere and decor made me miss Japan T_TIf you're looking for authentic Japanese food and want to experience what a Japanese "diner" is like but can't get to Japan, then come here. I'm sad we don't have one in Cali!A majority of the good stuff is written on the walls. Yes the menu's on the walls are the one's you want to order from. While it seems odd, if you can't read Japanese you're gonna have to get up and read the English. My friend took me here for my birthday last month as I was spending it in Vegas. When I'm in Vegas, I don't really eat at the hotels, rather I go to the local places with my friends. I do remember ordering the grilled saba, my friend got some beef stew, there was some noodles, ramen and grilled tongue. I loved my saba! While I'm not a salty person, Japanese people love salt, and well the saba was just way too good. I didn't even eat it all because I got full. After that my friend ordered the honey toast... OMG. LoL. Seriously it's just Japanese Bread, stacked, hollowed out with ice cream in the middle and honey poured on top. Simple yet love. If you don't know Japanese bread, it's thick. Thick and good. This is a must have if you're going to come here.I will definitely come back here! It's like, if you miss Japan, you need to come here. The waitresses and owners are nice too. I felt like I was back in Japan. I was proper. LoLOh yes the bathrooms are clean too. haha.
5	We go to this restaurant all the time!  We take our friends and family from Hawaii and California there and it never disappoints.  Its very small and intimate, so make sure u call ahead to get a reservation.
5	Food: WOW, phenomenal. From now on when someone asks me what one food I would bring with me if I were on a deserted island, I would reply with Ichiza's Salmon Sashimi. WARNING I'm about to write a "long" paragraph on the salmon sashimi alone. Words cannot describe how delectable this freshly slice of fish is. Beyond fresh, melts in your mouth, orgasm for the taste buds. When this god like piece of fish was introduced to my mouth it was love at first bite, an addict getting her first high. I have night sweats from being deprived of this dish. If some kind stranger from LV would fly this salmon sashimi on their private jet to SJ for me, I will be forever in their debt. Moving on... the grilled beef tongue, yellowtail tartare, and black cod were all delicious as well. The honey buttered bread with ice cream I would pass on, along with the ramen and skewers. Did I mention the salmon sashimi is a must! @_@Service: The workers were all nice, service is a bit slow but quality food takes quality time. Price: I guess if you are a regular there you can get a member card for 15%?? off of your meal, so luckily one of the people we went with had this. Prices of everything was fair, the only price I remember is the salmon sashimi for about $6.50 for 6 pieces (I could be wrong, high percentage that I am).Overall: SALMON SASHIMIIIII. I'll be back for you every time I go to Vegas.Live, Laugh, and LunchPatty
3	Oishi!
4	I've always had a thing for izayaka and local restaurants.  Ichiza does not disappoint.  It is a great place to try different foods tapas style without committing to a big dinner plate/entree.  Agedashi tofu is delicious.  Beef tongue is nicely tender.  Chicken gizzard is ok not much flavor.  The ramen is ok, tasted better, BUT the pork belly in it is awesome!  Beef tataki is good.  The black cod was good but a bit salty.  The kimchi and pork is good.  I wish I saw the crispy chicken prior to finishing everything because it sounds like a winner.  I would definitely come back here to try out more dishes from the menu.  My bottomless pit is not really bottomless..
4	talked to the cute waitress about some of the items all over the wall.  she maybe new cuz she didn't know some of the items when i asked.  i remotely know what they are since some japanese words have chinese in them but still wanna know wtf it is.  this time, i dissected the yellowtail tartar, it's pretty much 2 fried tortilla chips with pico de gallo and jap rice inside topped with chopped yellowtail.  i think the mexican helpers and the jap chefs were talking about incorporating mexican into japanese during their smoke breaks.
5	Ask me my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas and I'll tell you Ichiza. You wont find me visiting overpriced tourist joints on the strip and I'll rarely eat at a chain restaurant in some strip mall. That leaves the restaurants on Spring Mountain Rd. A gauntlet of goodness, teasing your senses with aromas of far away lands. I happened upon Ichiza a few years ago and it became an instant favorite of mine when dining out. Their authentic style and representation of the culture, service, variety and flavor in their dishes make this a truly enjoyable dining experience time and time again. You're greeted by bubbly young female employees and offered a seat in their small, yet inviting dining area. While the place is usually packed, it has never taken an unreasonable amount of time to land an open table. The menu caters to anyone from the conservative to the adventurous eater, so there's always something for everyone willing to try some far east cuisine.  My personal favorites include the beef tataki in ponzu sauce. You'd think twice about eating raw beef, but once the tart sauce tickles your taste-buds, there's no turning back from popping these thinly-sliced quality cuts into your mouth. Another must get (and not on the menu...it's on the wall by the bar) is the eel kakiage. Visually, it's a gorgeous multi-layered roll with stacked levels of textures and tastes making you say, "I don't know what the hell I'm eating, but this is damn good and I need more of it." If you've never eaten tongue, but always wanted to try, now would be the time to pucker up and give that cow a French kiss. Tender morsels of seasoned beef tongue dance on your palate like it's prom night all over again. Finish your meal with mango or strawberry mochi that melts in your mouth or grab a spoon and share the ever so sweet honey toast with your friends. Ladies and gentlemen, Ichiza is food porn at its finest.
5	Best Japanese I've had in Vegas yet.  I was surprised to find the inside somewhat low-key and comfortable, a must for me since I have to eat and do stuff all the time.  The service was attentive and friendly, pretty amazing since it is fairly busy inside. I had the seaweed salad, a light and delectable dish featuring a combination of different varieties of seaweed.  I was very impressed that the plate nailed both texture, taste and managed to include a garden variety of vegetables such as cucumber and lettuce.  I also had a tempura eel roll, ridiculously delicious.  The ingredients in the roll, although components of a CA roll, were very fresh, and impressed on what would normally be a cliche.  The agedashi tofu, another winner, served at the perfect temperature, had the right sauce, just perfect execution.  Chicken cutlets, better than chicken at a lot of chicken places.  To finish, I tried the honey toast, just great.The only downside is the shopping center, the lot is narrow and packed.  It's open late, so I'll be back many times.
5	Amended on 10/11/2010:Went there a second time this past weekend and tried more dishes. Still didn't get close to tasting everything. But what we did try, was delicious. The simple sashimi we had was fresh and full of flavor. My friends had 1/2 order of Ramen, and it looked very tasty. Oh, also, they open up an hour earlier now. I think the new hours are 3:00 pm - 4:00 am. Weekend hours may vary.-------------------------------------------------I just went here for the first time (Aug. 2010). I've heard about this place for 1+ years, and finally made it. AND the food was very delicious and well worth finally eating here.First, please note they are only open from 4:00 pm to 4:00 am. So you won't be eating lunch here. But you will be eating here after a late night of clubbing or gambling. The menu is only one piece of letter size paper with both sides filled, but the walls are covered with plates not on the menu. Take time to look at all the photos on this review page, as well as on the walls. If you don't you're gonna miss out on a ton of other offerings.We ordered the Uni in ponzu sauce and Tuna Tar Tar, both of which we not on the menu. But on the walls (and we ordered these because of the photos on this page).The Uni was delicious, rich and flavorful, it is served in a lemon skin. the ponzu sauce and lemon really added to the flavor of the Uni.The Tuna Tar Tar was served on what looked like tortilla chips, (they are not). The top chip was covered with the Tuna and avocado mix. And a second bottom chip housed a rice and lettuce mix. These are a little sloppy to eat (as the chips kept breaking apart for me), but nonetheless, they tasted great.You will have to keep coming back to sample all the eats they have, cause there is just too many to eat for one visit.Hope you enjoy it as much as I did. Also, if you are a party of two, they don't take reservations for you, as they can usually accommodate you immediately or within a very short wait.
5	I wish this place was in LA because it's legit. Reminds me of Japan.PRO: great price, tons of varietyCON: did not happen to me but friend said when she went there was a cockroach.It was clean and grade A on the wall when I went... I dunno. you decide.
3	I always order their Kimchi fried rice. The beef bowl isn't too bad either. I just wish their sushi roll portions were a bit bigger. They are good though. Oh and if you love sweet, order thier Honeytoast!
4	This little Japanese restaurant is always buzzing with people and good food. Great place for late night munchies and affordable food to enjoy with friends and family. I recommend you try a little bit of the many dishes since sharing will allow you to enjoy all the good little flavors this little place has to offer. Most definitely be sure to try the Honey Toast Dessert.
4	Ichiza is amazing -- the food is fresh and super tasty.  You can get things here that you wont be able to find anyplace else in Vegas.  We normally get okonomyaki and salmon salad, both are incredibly delicious.  I love this place.
5	You know it's good when all you can see are Asian people lined up waiting to be seated. It was a delightful experience.I wanted to take the Lover for a nice authentic Asian food experience. During our stay in Las Vegas, I searched for places where the locals eat and stumbled upon Ichiza. When we got there, the place was packed for dinner. There were menus scattered all over the four walls, all written in Japanese with English translations for some. To make this short and simple, we ended up visiting Ichiza twice during our week-long stay in Sin City. It was THAT good.Below are what we managed to taste at Ichiza:Potato crisps = with a mayo wasabi sauce dip. A complimentary appetizer we got for our first visit.Skewered sweet peppers = It was a little bitter for my taste but it had some nice texture and worked with the Sapporo. Skewered beef tongue = Oh, I really can't express how good this one is. You just have to find out for yourselves. Perfectly seasoned.Garlic grilled baby bok choy in soup =  I'm on a mission to perfect this dish. Had a little bit of fresh crunch on the outside but perfectly steamed inside. The soup broth was AMAZING. It is really mouth-orgasmic.Beef tataki with ponzu sauce = again, AMAZING. The beef was so fresh and tender that it just melts in your mouth. Well seasoned and you can taste the layers of flavor. Definitely a MUST-HAVE at Ichiza. FYI, I don't even like rare beef!Skewered beef livers =  I can eat this for days. Don't be scared to try it. I promise you'll never look at beef livers the same way again after tasting this one.Stir fried chicken gizzards with garlic sprouts = the Lover's favorite. He finished 70% of the plate. The lemon juice really complements the dish. An awesome "pulutan" (finger-food, often served alongside alcoholic beverages) for those of you who just want to enjoy a couple of Sapporos.Kaku-ni = Deeply boiled diced pork belly with egg. So bad for you but it was sooo delicious. Red bean mochi ice cream = I think this one might just be the best mochi I've tasted in a while or maybe I might have just forgotten how awesome they taste.Fried whole garlic bulbs = The Lover insisted on getting these. It was flavorful but I wasn't a fan of smelling like garlic afterwards.Sushi = We ordered an assortment of fish from mackerel to tuna to squid. Fresh, melts in your mouth sushi. Nothing fishy here.Sweet honey toast = SO GOOD. Definitely a perfect way to end a meal here at Ichiza. You can find some of the photos on my page. Enjoy!
4	Very different is my best description.  To be close to the strip but have this quality of japanese food at these prices is hard to match.I concur the beef tongue is amazing and very tender.  But eat it fast.  When it gets cold, it toughens up a little.  The wall menus are a blast to read and they make it "different".  Plan on spending about $40 per couple if you can avoid cocktails or sake.
4	Coming from San Jose, we are blessed to have great izakaya/Japanese tapas restaurants (Gochi, Tanto), so I was not expecting to be blown away by Ichiza.  In actuality, I was pleasantly surprised at how good this little joint is.Ichiza is located on the second floor of an unassuming strip mall in Vegas.  The interior is homey, with seating at a bar, communal tables and individual tables.  There are postings for a ton of different tapas you can order posted all over the walls; it will take a good few minutes to scan them all (and 99% of them sound delicious).We ordered:-Tuna tofu salad: very fresh lettuce and cherry tomatoes, avocado, raw tuna, tofu chunks, with a tangy dressing.  Very light, refreshing and rich at the same time with the creaminess of the tuna, tofu and avocado.  -Spinach salad (gomaae): mm, boiled, cold spinach with sesame sauce.  Love this stuff.  Typical serving size.-Miso black cod: A MUST ORDER.  Delicious!  Perfectly cooked, sweet, tender cod with a little tempura daikon on the side.  Watch out, there was a bone when we bit into it.-Jalapeno fried rice: we were hesitant to order this but it turned out to be one of our favorite things.  The fried rice was SO buttery but that's what made it so delicious.  Who cares if it's artery clogging, your taste buds will jump for joy.  There's a big, charbroiled (or grilled?) jalapeno on top, giving it a nice smoky, spicy flavor.-Uni mochi: meh, so-so.  The mochi was crispy on the outside but toooo mochi-ish (just super chewy and glutinous).  It reminded us of eating a marshmallow with the consistency of peanut butter (that feeling where you're chewing and chewing and chewing).  There was a spoonful of uni on top with some green onion garnish.-Some sort of sake (raw salmon) wrapped something, sitting on a lemon slice: I can't remember exactly what it was, but it was very tasty :) I think it had scallop inside?  In any case, see my pic and drool.-Red snapper carpaccio: raw red snapper wrapped around shredded daikon with a dollop of something and 3 ikura (raw salmon egg) on top with a (I think) ponzu sauce.  Mmm!  Refreshing, nice texture.-Half order of ramen: half order size was perfect.  We couldn't even finish it all.  Nice savory broth and chewy noodles.  I can't remember much else but I do remember that it was good, though I've had better ramen.HONEY TOAST: OH EM GEE.  THIS IS A F*CKING CUBE OF DELICIOUSNESS.  Mindblowingly good.  Toasted Asian bread, gutted out, with honey and butter on the inside, served with a giant scoop of vanilla ice cream, and drizzled with more honey.  Who knew that such a simple concept could be SO DAMN TASTY?!  This was definitely the defining dish of the meal, and of the restaurant.  I've tried to make it at home and it wasn't the same.  I would come back JUST for the honey toast, and I would make love to it if I could, it was THAT GOOD.Overall, I can't recall it being too expensive, actually, if anything, I remember it being a good deal for the amount of food and quality.  The owner (or manager?), a tallish, Japanese gentleman was even nice enough to help us call a cab when we were done with dinner as we had to rush to the airport.  4 stars for service and food.  Would definitely recommend this place, though it is a bit out of the way from the strip.
5	This is a great place to have shared plates and a bottle of sake with friends. I feel like i was in Japan. very traditional. Everything i ordered was delicious including the kimchi pork, miso seabass, grilled squid, and the kimchi roll. The one thing i wouldn't recommend is the fermented soybeans with okra. Service was also great.
4	A few doors down from Crown Bakery (http://www.yelp.com/biz/crown-bakery-las-vegas) is Ichiza. Creative, packed, and a vast menu selection help this izakaya stand out from many other Japanese restaurants. Different menu items are posted Japanese style all over the dark walls. Tons and tons of them. Strips of paper with kanji and their English translations. It definitely has a great atmosphere. Let's start off by saying that reservations are a must. This place was loud and packed. Additionally, from what I hear, it is always packed. The patrons are a eclectic hodgepodge of ethnic backgrounds. This is a place where the rules of "see a bunch of Japanese in a Japanese restaurant, then it must be good" is thrown out the window. It's because almost everything here is good, no matter who is eating it. I won't lie, it will help immensely to have someone who speaks Japanese though. We went off menu for one dish. Just a note that many of the dishes aren't just based in Japan. We ordered a (off)menu Kim Chee fried rice that was really good. One of those that you KNOW you'll have "issues" later on, but you eat it anyway.So in addition to the fried rice, the Aburage, Karaage, Tofu Salad, and Tonkatsu were all good as well. None of them stood out as mind blowing, but they held their own. The Misoyaki Butterfish with Tempura Hasu was really light and let's say, "buttery" (duh) and flaky for lack of a better word. I'm not a butterfish guy myself, but this was really good. Add in the rarely served hasu and it was a winner. We also ordered the Hamburger Steak. For those of you that don't know, there are real differences in a HS from America and ones made like the ones in Japan. This one was more Japanese, with a spongy and fluffy texture, like if you added plenty of bread to the meat mix before making your patties. It's really really juicy and soft in texture. The one misstep was my own "bad." It was the Tataki Sashimi. This one was odd. It was different from all the tataki sashimi I have ever had. It was still on the skin and was chewy and difficult to separate from the other pieces. It was like it wasn't cut well enough to separate. It was also overly fishy. Definite thumbs down on that one, but it's all about trying things out. Right?The final topper of the night was the Honey Vanilla Toast. It is really good and is similar to Shokudo (http://www.yelp.com/biz/shokudo-japanese-restaurant-and-bar-honolulu) in Honolulu, but better. The toast is more crisp which to me makes all the difference between the two. Add on the fact that they dump gobs of honey into the toast cavity and you've got a delightful dessert. Although to fill up on toast at the end of a meal is a tall order. It's best if you have a large group to share.The service is really good despite the fact that it's nuts inside with tons of patrons packed into a small restaurant and groups of people waiting outside. We were there late night as well.Parking fills up fast during dinner, so I'd say make your reservations earlier if you can. Again, reservations are highly recommended.
5	Been here twice now, I thought I had reviewed previously but when I looked it up my review seems to be gone. Anyways, definitely a great off-strip restaurant. Perfect evening last trip; starting with a good glass of sochu and about 30 various small items, all of which were delish. First time went with my wife and we both were quite impressed. The dishes are small, but so are the prices so you can walk away after eating 10 dishes and still have some $ in the pocket. As other folks point out, gets busy. Go early.
5	My friends brought me here saying they had the best authentic Japanese cuisine in town. Some of my friends were from japan so how could I not believe them. After trying their ramen, fried squid, and beef bowl this is my go to Japanese restaurant in las Vegas. For desert do not forget to try the honey toast!
4	Hmm.. so I've been here multiple times, and I've got to say that I don't know how I could possibly EVER try everything on the menu. There's about 100+ items written on the walls, and above the kitchen... it makes it hard to make up my mind! But, the service has always been efficient and friendly, and when my good friend Amber & I ordered the okra w/ natto, the waitress tried to deter us, in fear that we may not like the odor the natto gave. We assured her it was what we wanted and she went on to order it for us. That night, we had the Spider roll, which was average, a half order of Ramen (i'm not sure which one, but this half order was actually not as small as expected), Tuna Tataki , Salmon Skin Salad ( i was hoping for there to be more salmon skin  :[ ) and the okra w/ natto (which honestly, is not bad, i actually like it, others may beg to differ). Every time I've gone I have never had anything to complain about. Definitely a happening place after hours. I have yet to try out the tatami mat sitting! Love to go here with friends when I've got money to blow :)
4	Dropped on here for dinner the other night with one of my friends. Pretty legit Japanese spot that's actually close to the strip. Ichiza has a large selection of food ranging from yakitori, to rice dishes, to ramen. Therefore, whatever you would want to eat will be at Ichiza.The thing that got me was the price of the food. My dinner for 2 came out to be $48. There's no way that the price would be this cheap back in NY or CA.
5	Every time I go to Las Vegas I have to hit up this place. You can't go wrong in any way!Late hours-check!Good food-check!Interesting menu-check!Good Service-check!GOOD FOOD!For the people that complain about the price for good Japanese food. Please tell me where I can go find good cheap Japanese food. In my experience, Japanese food has always been ridiculously expensive. There are so many things that are good, but to keep it short and sweet you have to try the Ice Cream & Honey Toast. I am so jealous that I don't have a Ichiza in Texas to satisfy my craving for an awesome dessert. Owners of Ichiza, please open one in Texas! I don't care which city. I can drive =D
4	Went here with a bunch of Japanese/Filopino friends who love the place.  I was weary being that the only Japanese restaurants I usually patronize have cook top going on or sushi bars...but it was really really good :-) Being "safe" I only ordered the pork potstickers and the chicken on a stick (sorry forget the name!).  They were both great, especially the potstickers.  I also tried a few bites from my friends dishes (a fried rice I'd never seen before, some kind of pork dish, etc) which were also tasty.  For dessert, someone ordered the Banana Crepes which was delicious as well.  I need to go back and be more adventurous next time for sure!
4	Definitely coming back the next time I am in town!My friend took me here for dinner this past weekend. I was really sick of the strip's food and fast food so yay for authentic food! Japanese at that! Hands down, the best udon I've ever tasted. The noodles were not bland at all and the soup was not too salty but just perfect. We also ordered the chicken. Tasted like popcorn chicken but you can actually taste the juicyness of the chicken. Aaand to top it off we got an order of the sashimi. Absolutely magnificent! Some places offer it too warm or not fresh at all but Ichiza had it on point!The setting was way cute too. I felt like I just stepped into Japan for the time that I was there. And service was super friendly and super nice. I am sad I didn't get to taste their brick toast with icecream thing... I heard it's to die for. That's why I am dying to try it the next time I'm in Vegas!! and while I'm at it... I want to try their ramen :)...and the many other things they offer at Ichiza.
4	I used to visit Ichiza more often when they weren't as packed. 5 years ago, at least, we'd go 2-3 times a month. Since they have become the darling of the Las Vegas Japanese food scene in the past few years, popping in unnanounced is nearly impossible. So yes, make reservations. Still expect to wait. Service can be slow, but friendly when they are packed and they -always- are.NOTE: This place really does feel like an izakaya in Tokyo. Packed, very very noisy and with many drunk, or getting drunk peeps here at night. So for me, not the best place to bring kids under 15 or 16. But, it is amusing to see the drunks get drunker and spend SO MUCH $$$ here. Good on them!Food is great, no doubt about it. But, I always get the same thing: mabo tofu, gyoza or aspara-bacon skewers and honey toast. They do make the tastiest mabo tofu in Las Vegas, nice and spicy with just enough black beans used for a great, rich flavor that can't be beat.The honey toast is well-loved for good reason: it's MAGICAL. So very simple, so rich, so perfect. it's waaayy too much for one person to eat, share it with your table or at least 1 other person. I tried to eat it by myself and got sick. The things I do for food...(I was sick in the very best way possible!)Ichiza is great, but you'll wait. You will have a very noisy dining experience. You will be around lots of drunks. Go with that knowledge and you'll have a great experience!
2	Food here is really good but service here sucks, we were barely helped and we waited forever for our warm waters with lemon and food, the hostess was really rude to us and the owner told us to come back in because we "have to pay tip" FYI DOUCHE tip is OPTIONAL and you didn't deserve it. If i decide to go back, it will be takeout.
5	It is difficult to explain in words what makes Ichiza so special.  When you walk in the doors of the small, upstairs restaurant, you immediately feel a sense that this restaurant is special.  If you ask any chef or cook in Las Vegas where they would go if you gave them an unlimited feeding spree, they would undoubtedly pick Ichiza.  Sure, you may get a better "value" by going to one of the overpriced places on the strip, but no where else could you receive the variety, quality, and uniqueness other than Ichiza.  The menu is astronomically large.  In fact, most of the menu is posted on the walls around the restaurant.  I have been to Ichiza well over 50 times, and I can honestly say I haven't tried most of the things on the menu itself, I get most of the dishes off the wall.  That's not to say I haven't had most of the things, because our table is usually filled with 10-15 different items at a time, and our palates are always interested in the new items Ichiza puts up.Before going to Ichiza, there is something everyone should understand.  This is not a sushi restaurant.  Yes, Ichiza does have sushi.  They will make you basically anything you want.  But if you want to see 40 menu items that interchange random types of fish together in different ways that have no distinction from the other (much like most sushi restaurants), then this is not your place.  But, if you're looking for one of the best and most unique dining experiences you will ever have while trying new things, you should definitely go to Ichiza.  Ichiza is "Izakaya" style Japanese cuisine.  While it's hard to define Izakaya, the easiest way to understand it is to think of Japanese Tapas.  Small plates served in a family-style setting focusing on Japanese cuisine is what Ichiza is about.  If for some reason God (or whoever you believe in) came down and told you that you were not allowed to order more than one thing at Ichiza, you should, hands-down, order the Yellowtail Sashimi.  For $11.95, you get 5 thick slices of the best Yellowtail you will ever have served on fresh shiso leaf.  I'm not joking, this WILL be the best yellowtail you have ever had.  Unless you are literally a fish monger in Osaka, you will not find better yellowtail.  Other items that are musts at Ichiza:- Salmon sashimi-Pork wrapped in shiso leaf skewers-Kimchi Fried Rice-Ikayaki: Grilled squid served with ginger.  Simple, yet amazing.  -Beef Tongue Stew-Boiled Pork Belly-Ramen DX: Giant bowl of ramen with pork belly and egg.  Very tasty.  -Rare Organic Pork Steak: Lightly breaded pork, slightly seared and topped with Japanese eggplant.  - Skewers of: Garlic, Shishito Peppers, Chicken, Beef Tongue, Corn.  - Dice Cut Beef Steak: Sauteed beef cubes with garlic and shallots.  - Stir Fried Bacon Potato: Potatoes, bacon, corn, garlic, white wine, and stock sauteed together.  one of the least Japanese influenced dishes on the menu.  - Sake Marinated Salmon Collar- Miso-glazed Black Cod- Beef Tataki- Honey Toast:  YOU MUST GET THIS!  Freshly baked sweet bread loaf topped with honey, butter, and ice cream.  I have taken over 20 people to this place, all with different personalities, and EVERY one of them loves it.  If you don't like this dish, you should probably go get your head checked out because something wrong is happening inside of your brain.  The most expensive item on the menu is the Toro sashimi for around $18.  Other than the sashimi's, most of the items on the menu are between $2- $8.  The way to order is to start off ordering a lot of stuff, and eventually your table will be filled with lots of small plates.  It makes for a very social eating environment, and a very fun time.  Oh ya, and did I mention that it's open til 3 AM.  Go here... right now. I mean it, NOW!
4	This place is fantastic.  Not all of the food is incredible but I love the convivial atmosphere and we had great service.  Their drinks are crazy cheap (pitcher of Kirin $15!!!) and we stuffed ourselves.  I think their $9.50 black cod tased just as good as the one we had at Twist the night before on the $185 tasting menu.  I'm adding it to the Vegas rotation.  They're also open till 3AM :)
2	i have been to Ichiza for more than 3 times,  every time i experiences something new i don't like. First is the menus, they are everywhere, even on the walls, kind of overwhelmed, and most of them are in Japanese. only if you r Japanese otherwise have no clue what r those on the walls. Second, the portion is very small, always end up eating somewhere after i leave Ichiza. Third, i don't think it's good for big groups. they're always too busy to take care of big party, but they charge service fee anyway. The food is ok for me, im not the only one who doesn't like it, along with my Japanese friends, we are not big fans of this place.
4	BF and I ate BBQ beforehand so we weren't too hungry. Really izakaya isn't for dinner, per se but about snacking with drinks and good company. We had 5 star Yelparazzi company so that is always worth a go (Elnino F, Andy T, Jieun L, Jieuns sister, and Sun). I just wanted the Yellowtail tar tar which is some chopped yellowtail in a creamy sauce layered on a crisp with some lettuce and rice and another crisp and chicken gizzard skewers.We got two desserts-Soymilk mousse- it was more light a light custard than whipped up mousse and had some brown sugar syrup, peanut powder and jello on top. Simple and pretty decent.Pudding- it's not pudding but actually a custard flan. It was pretty rich, eggy and smooth. Not as sweet as how Filipinos would make it. The two desserts are very similar flavors, but the mousse is good for people who want a lighter dessert than the richer pudding.I kinda took little tries of peoples stuff. Not bad at all. Only fail I think was the ramen- kinda stagnant broth...I wasn't feeling it. I haven't been back  maybe more than a year for the main reason that it's always full and can't get in. I dont feel like waiting for food that I think is not worth a wait. Some items are pretty good, but because most I feel isn't good value, I can't really say it's more than A-OK. Luckily we had a reservation and it wasn't as jam packing on a Sunday as it is any other late night.Service was good, I had a good time and what we had was good so for that I'll give it 4 stars. I just don't know if I buy into the fandom though.
5	i just have to say, i LOVE finding these little local places. and the fact that this is in vegas, where its all about glitz and glamour makes it that much better. upstairs in a strip mall. menu items written on sheets of paper on the wall. community tables....so we found this place by just asking a local walking on the street and they said we had to try it. after we were told it was going to be an hour wait (make a ressie if you can) i was able to talk our way into one of the corner community tables.they menu is huge, so i just told the owner to bring out things that he thinks were really good...so he did... the 3 of us split...-jalapeno fried rice- great flavor. right amount of oil and jalapenos. awesome kick-some sort of california roll topped with tempura carrots and a piece of eel (which i normally dont like) its was great!-shrimp steamed dumplings- probably one of the best i have ever had-some sort of tofu and tuna sashimi salad- sooooo good-cold buckwheat noodle salad- very good. tons of flavor. some sort of creamy ginger dressing-some sort of fried japanese spicy chicken nuggets. this was probably my least favorite dish.- honey toast. omg. you have to get the honey toast. delish!enjoy!
4	Came her for dinner last night and the restaurant was quite busy considering it was around 7:00 pm. There were no booths open so I I sat at the sushi bar. In addition to the regular menu there's items posted all over the sushi bar and walls of additional items offered. The restaurant interior is nothing fancy but for being a Tuesday night it was  still very busy and the restaurant is located on the second floor in a run down shopping center of China town.I ordered the grilled beef tongue, seared beef bonito albacore salad, Black cod fish in miso sauce, and seared scallops wrapped in salmon sashimi. Service is not the fastest but the quality of food definitely is quality fresh and unique. The grilled skewer beef tongue was tasty but a tad chewy, albacore salad was the bomb just as the black cod  fish and scallops.I recommend this place and would return in the future.
4	Konichiwa 702!!!Just came back from another fun weekend in Las Vegas.Flew in from LAX... and I was craving Japanese... thanks to YELP... I found Ichiza!I advise anyone in Las Vegas visiting or resident to stop by Ichiza to get your Japanese fix! Super cute spot with tons of things to choose from. Dinner here was a get find.I'm a fan of their miso soup, shrimp tempura...shrimp fried rice.Customer service is standard... could have been better (my reason for my -1 star.) Our waiter was lagging through out our visit.But the food is solid!It looks like over the last couple of years, I've been posted in LV at least 3 times a year... so the next time I'm back... I'm going to get my ICHIZA fix!Upstairs at a random building. Free parking. Casual dining. Come by with friends and family!Oishii!Gotta love those hidden gems!Arigato Ichiza!
4	Favorite place
3	I met my friend and her BF here for a late lunch the other day.  Was surprised that they were the ones who suggested it, but I guess they had heard about it from a bunch of people.I wasn't too hungry or adventurous, yet again.  Ordered only the veggie tempura, but was surprised that it was more like an onion loaf and it also had little baby shrimp intertwined.  It sat on a bed of rice.  It hit the spot.My friends ordered the tuna tar tar roll, some kind of salad, jalapeno fried rice, beef tongue, and some kind of pork dish.  Sorry I can't be more specific, I'm a bad yelper!  The only thing I tried of theirs was the beef tongue and found it to be chewy, but wasn't sure if that is just how it's supposed to be.  My friends BF is a line cook at a steakhouse on the strip and said that if properly marinated and cooked, beef tongue is super tender, so I don't know?  They both liked the jalapeno fried rice, but I wouldn't touch something with jalapenos in it with a ten foot pole!  Anyways, I'll keep going back and trying new things.  Maybe one day I'll even be so brave as to tell the waitress to "surprise me", like many of my fellow yelpers have!
5	i love the fact that it's open until late, they serve so many dishes that remind me of izakaya style dining, and the bill always came back so friendly to our wallets (we were there twice in three days while we visited vegas)!all the waitresses and manager/host were attentive and friendly, which made our experience there even more enjoyable.now that we are back in florida, we know for sure we will miss this place a lot...the only down side for me was that they do not have extensive list of alcohol/sake, so it's a 4.5 rating actually. but they have the best kirin draft i've ever had in the u.s., (fyi, i used to work in a japanese restaurant in new york, and i have tried so many kirin/sapporo drafts all over new york city!) so i didn't mind so much.
5	This is my favorite Japanese restaurant! They have Japanese home cooking! & the decor makes you feel like you're in your back in Japan.. try the beef curry with pork cutlet! I could eat here every day..
5	Sweet Baby James, this place is a gem!!!We were referred here by a server at a different Japanese restaurant. Though we couldn't remember the name he described where it was and we found it! I was not hungry upon arrival and I was also fighting a cold so I ordered a half order of #90, the ramen.A party occurred in my mouth at first bite. The broth is unlike anything I had ever tasted....maybe a miso and beef broth? The noodles were eggy and delicious as were the little bits of onion and cabbage inside. 2 girls sitting next to me admired my ramen and ordered it themselves. Every bite was the best and I can't wait to return. Thank you, Jesus, for Ichiza!!!KUMPAI!!!!!p.s. Including splitting a large Soporro and our bill was less than $25.
4	definitely a fan of this place, except for the wait times.aside from that, its a great japanese tapas place. (i say this a lot) coming from LA where you have a huge variety of asian food, and this place definitely met my expectations.the ramen was great! (still not as good as daikokuya, but calms the ramen craving). love the beef tongue stew! (when they have it). its a really hearty stew, and the beef tongue is cooked perfectly! tip: order a side of rice with it. tar tar yellowtail is a favorite. and of course, the honey toast! never had it before, and definitely yummy! i like how they have izakaya (not sure im using the correct term, but japanese style seating where you take your shoes off and sit at a fairly low table, although they have enough leg room for you to sit regularly) seating as well as regular seating. aside from the regular menu items. they also have menu items listed on the walls. my only problem is that you cant see all the items, and i find myself walking around a bit to read everything to make sure i dont miss something i may like.overall a great place. i find myself craving their beef tongue stew all the time, and try to go whenever im in the area, or craving it bad enough to head to that side of town.
5	This kinda tapas place is called Izakaya in Japan and I'm very pleased that ichiza is here in las vegas so that I can visit there whenever I feel homesick. Unlike some "Japanese Restaurant" or "Sushi Restaurant", which are owned by non Japanese people who doesn't know/care much about real Japanese cuisine, this place is very authentic and genuine. Food here is so creative, delicious, affordable, fresh and beautiful to look at as well. I hope this place stays open forever!!!
5	Went here last night. Everything was amazing. Tom yum roll, udon noodle soup and tempura rice bowl!!! Try the pork dumplings and honey toast too! :)
4	Stopped by here our first night in Vegas. We're not into the normal "tourist" things so relied heavily on Yelp, which was very helpful.The reviews of Ichiza are pretty accurate. It's a small-ish, low key place in the Chinatown area. Crown Bakery, which was also good, is next door. Glad we got the tips on the fact that the "menu" is hand written signs hanging all on the walls and around the bar. Though they have pictures, it's still tough to know what to order.1) We ordered the grilled salmon belly, but never got it. Someone else seemed to be enjoying it at their table, so we looked on in jealousy. Oh well, better luck next time.2) The beef tongue stew is indeed delicious. Very strong umami flavor, very simple, tender beef with mushrooms and onions. The hubby didn't think it was salty, but I did. The only downside is that it overpowered the #90 ramen dish that I ordered. Thumbs up.3) #90 ramen. Not sure what the fuss is about. Not as flavorful as Vietnamese pho, various Udons and other Asian soups I've tried here in Texas. Again, flavors could have been muted by the beef tongue stew.4) Salmon roll. Nothing special. Not bad. We sat at the bar, so watched the sushi chef who seemed diligent.5) Chicken gizzards on the skewer came out a little bloody and didn't seem that tasty to me. I'd pass. Beef tongue skewer wasn't great to me either. It was a little dry, but flavor was ok. I prefer my tongue stewed I suppose.6) Honey toast. Wouldn't have ordered it had I not seen the Yelp photos. Glad I did. It was unique and tasty, but what wouldn't if it was topped with ice cream, butter and honey. Price was a little high at $7. 7) Was going to order the eel, but it only comes fried, which seems like a waste of Unagi. Overall, I'd come back to get the honey toast, beef tongue stew, salmon belly (since we didn't get to try) and the rest of the menu, if I could. Definitely worth a try.
4	My vote for the best izayaki restaurants in the Vegas.An incredible find.  As soon as you walk in, you know you're in for an incredible dining experience.  The clientele is entirely Asian (not being raciest, just stating a fact), the hand written menu is plastered on the walls and the room is loud with people having a good time.A true izayaki.  Meaning, you should order dishes to share.  All of the food matches simple Japanese beer so order a bottle, or two, or three to share and then sample as much as you can possibly eat.The beef tongue is exceptional.  Its so soft and flavorful.  Probably the best thing they serve.  Just don't tell anyone else what you ordered.  The broiled sanma is fantastic.  Avoid the gyoza and "dumplings".  They are clearly purchased frozen and reheated.This is a very popular place so expect a wait.  It is also open very late but again, expect a wait for a seat.Amazing!
4	I don't know if I have enough experience to write about Ichiza. Only been here twice, and I feel a writer for this place has to come AT LEAST 5 times. Out of the abundance of reviews, I'm not sure if I add anything that hasn't already been noted. But, hey, I like to read my own reviews;]First: The atmosphereI love the atmosphere here, this is how I imagine somewhere in Asia to be (I said imagine!). It's loud and you share tables with strangers, food overtaking tables, hand-made "menu of the day" as wall-paper. The waitresses are on it, glasses never empty!Second: The foodI order here like I order for a tapas restaurant: order about 1 dish per person or more and allow for sharing. Good things I've had:Beef tongue stewBeef tongue (beef tongue wasn't my idea, I was scared, but I am a fan now)Wasabi Octopus (yum yum yum)Chicken Bowl (boring, but yeah, it was good... HUGE too)Sweet Crab WrapsOur grand total for my last visit, which was about 4 dishes, our quick dine was about $28 for 3. No complaints:]Haven't had a lot from here, and I obviously need to be back. So, if you're coming back, and you want to share the said to be amazing Honey Toast with me, let me know.
4	Taking the Advice of some native LV Yelpers, We decided to trek out to Spring Mountain for some more authentic Asian eats. This was the Japanese selection.We came on a weekday evening and got two seats at the bar. They have Japanese style larger communal tables near the back for larger parties, complete with crocs to slip into if you need to use the washroom. They provide you with a laminated menu, but there are other selections all over the walls with "specials." We stuck mostly to what was on the menu with a couple wall-exhibited selections.Standouts were EXCELLENT Agedashi tofu, Delicious Vegetable Udon complete with Raw egg, good quality fish for the sushi. My partner ordered a whole grilled mackerel which he said was his favorite izakaya treat from Japan, whilst removing the entire skeleton in one pull. I had read the reviews earlier, and knew to order the honey toast. It was definitely interesting and MUCH larger than I had expected. I loved the warmth and the ice cream and the honey with the bread.. but it was a bit too much bread in the end. Worth the $6.95 yes, "Better than sex" -- not quite.We are from Toronto, which has decent Japanese food - but not the most authentic. My SO lived in Japan for several years, and is very particular about his Japanese cuisine. Ichiza was a pleasant surprise and we adored the experience. Decent, authentic izakaya with good service and good eats. One of our best dining experiences in Las Vegas. 4.5 Stars.
4	Located in Chinatown off the strip, this place is a great find for good asian food.I would recommend the ramen dx--with its pork belly, seaweed bits, bean sprouts, cabbage, bamboo shoots, and half an egg in yummy broth, it's a great cure for vegas-induced hangovers and vegetable cravings. It comes in half-size and full-size--if you're still recovering from the night before, the half-size is enough. If you're really hungry, get the full-size cuz it's huge.Other good dishes that our party got: the beef tongue (first time I've ever tried it and it was less chewy than I expected with good flavor), jalapeno fried rice, beef tataki, and tuna tartar. The presentation for everything is really nice and the servers are attentive. Our waters were constantly filled even though we had a big group. Tip: Take some time to look over handwritten menu items taped to the wall because a lot of them are good and not included in the printed menu.
5	This place is very good.  While in Vegas, we wanted to go local and eat what the locals rave about.  We yelped what's around us and found this authentic japanese place.  We ordered:Beef Tongue: this is really really good.  Very flavorful, but a little bit on the chewy side.  Miso Ramen: Tastes like the ones in Japan.  Authentic with a hint of spicy.  The pork rib inside the soup is to die for, as well as the perfectly cooked egg.   Just right.  Red Snapper Carpacio: I ordered this after reading reviews on Yelp.  It's just okay to me.  The snappers sit on lemon slices and I wasn't sure if I should eat the whole thing, or just the fish.  The presentation is nicely done though.Gyoza: They pretty much tastes the same everywhere.It was so good that we went back the next night and this time, we got:Beef Tongue: this time tastes less chewy was really goodSoy sauce ramen: I think the Miso one tastes better.  The soy sauce is a bit plain and it didn't come with the pork rib.  We got cha shiu instead, which is pork slices.  Chicken Gizzards: Very good.  Perfectly grilled!Butter Corn: We saw guests from our next table ordered this and decide to try it too.  It tastes very very good!  Sweet corn in mayo and butter on top of pita chips alike.  Their ramen is huge in size and I recommend you share with someone else and order other food items on the menu.Their pricing is great too and they open until 4 am!  You totally get your money's worth. I'd eat here, instead of the expensive buffets if you aren't a big fan for them.I wish there were a place like this one in the Bay Area.
4	I am so in love with Yelp right now. Because of everyone on here I checked this place out last night. We had to take our shoes off, so for me this was a totally new and amazing experience.We had:Saki: good quality and good sizeBaby Bok Choy: soooo good and it was in a garlic sauceRamen with egg and short rib: That short rib was so killer I wish they put in more than 1 pieceSpicy Tuna Roll: really good quality (and I am a sushi snob) so I was very happyYellowtail Tar Tar: sweet and buttery and that chip brings it to a whole new level I was very impressed. My favorite thing I had.Shrimp Fried Rice: I thought it would be standard, but it wasn't. With 4 people we had 2 orders and ate everything that is how good it was.While I had saki, my friends ordered these drinks that you squeeze your own lemon and pour it in your drink. I forgot what it was called, but i tried some and it was delicious. The service was also spot on and everyone that works there was really nice. Next time I go back I need to order that Honey Toast that everyone is talking about. We didn't order it because we were so full and we ate EVERYTHING! I gave it 4 stars because I wish they put in more short ribs in the ramen. That is the best tasting short rib I have ever had in my life. And I need to order the honey toast so I can finally give this place 5 stars. You'll be seeing an update from me soon.
4	Wow what a great find!  If you have a car, definitely make your way out to this izakaya joint.  It's open late, so come here to take a break before you finish the night.  Any earlier than midnight and you'll likely be waiting for a table.My favorites:Urchin in ponzu sauceHamachi tar tarMost tender beef tongue sticksEnjoy your meal w/ one of the citrus soyus (I tried the grapefruit) and definitely save room for the Honey Toast!!I'll be back here for sure!
5	Great atmosphere! Great food! This is almost like a japanese bar where menu items are on the wall. It tends to get busy that service may take a moment or two but food arrives on time. Remember when coming here... It's all a la carte! The best raw oysters in town! Best honey toast for dessert!
5	The food here is great.  We had quite a bit of food and it was demolished in due time.  The quality of food here is high.  The sashimi was tasty.  The ramen was surprisingly very good for a restaurant that does not specialize in it.  Next time I am in vegas I would love to dine here again as so I can give a more through review with exact dish recommendations since we had about 8 separate dishes at dinner.   This makes it a bit hard to remember since they were all good.
5	This place is so good that my party went here two nights in a row when we went to Vegas. I am not even kidding that every dish we tried (average 12 dishes per night) were so good. For those looking for recommendations, then get:1. Honey toast 2. Wagu beef capriccio 3. Pork katsu with cheese4. Miso ramen5. Sake marinated salmon belly 6. Salmon fried rice7. Yellow tail with rice and fried wontons  Deliciousness! Make a reservation because they are always booked!
2	This place is actually pretty popular. If you come with a group bigger than 2, you should make a reservation just in case.- Yellow tail tar tar: I couldn't even taste the yellowtail. Instead, it felt like I was eating wontons with avocado spread- Ramen - standard- Kimchi fried rice: - standard- Urchin in ponzu sauce - fresh - Chicken gizzards - surprisingly tasty!- Beef tongue - also surprisingly tasty! I think this was my favorite dish- Red Snapper Carpacio: it was alright. didn't have much taste- Fried zuchinni with mozarella and bacon - YUCKINESS- Garlic calms - barely any garlic taste- Grapefruit shochu - a fun drink where you get to pump the grapefruit yourself and then poor the juice into a glass of shochu. On the other hand, I really don't want to do the work myself- Honey toast - stale bread loaf with honey soaked in it The service is nice.
5	I love, love, LOVE ICHIZA! It's like my favorite place to go.  I love the location and how my food's prepared.  I've gone through the years with Ichiza and seen how busy it gets.  Yes, sometimes it gets a little packed and you wait for more than an hour for a table.  But I've learned a few things here and there.  Rule#1: ALWAYS CALL to see if they're busy, and then reserve a table.  Here's a list of what I always order:- Kimchi Fried Rice- Tar Tar Yellowtail (it's a hit or miss, either you like it or you don't. Very tasty in my opinion.)- Stir Fried Pork Udon- Beef Tongue Stew- Maguro Tataki - Buta KimchiI really don't know what authentic tastes like, but in my standards I say it's authentic LOL.  It's better if you eat with a group of friends, it's more a sharing type of deal because it gets really expensive if you're eating by yourself.  Oh also, always bring CASH because if you're eating with a big group they can only split the check 2 ways.
4	Ichiza... Ichiza, Ichiza, oh Ichiza!  What a delightful place this is.  Its always there to satisfy my everyday craving of sushi.  Now, I'm quite a big fan of sushi, and coming from the bay, I've got many different options to feed my hunger.  Vegas, however, is a different story.  I'm  always on a mission to find a new Japanese place here, but even with all the other joints I've encountered I'm always drawn back to Ichiza.  Ambiance: crowded and impersonal, but I'm ok with it because its interesting to hear what other people talk about and i love to people watch.  Menus all around: this place has a ton of selections so I make sure that whenever I'm here I take my time and go over some of their new dishes.  I'm not a big fan of the menu layout, I really think it lacks any depth or originality from all the other stuff they have posted on the wall.  I wished that they would print those things on the menu instead because it's such an inconvenience for me to have to hover over people trying to read the signs.  Other than that, if you're not shy about it I say go for it because if you choose to order from the menu you're missing out on some great stuff. *you can always go on yelp through your phone and look at pictures.  The yelpers are pretty good at posting pics with names so that helped me with my ordering!*Food: grilled salmon steak, miso cod, salmon sashimi- always a win for me.  Yellowtail tar, tar- sometimes it's good and sometimes the crispy cracker is overcooked.  I really like the wasabi octopus!!  My BF is always trying out their different rolls, I'm not a big fan of rolls in general so i don't bother (but I've tried and they're just ok).  Uni with ponzu sauce is a real cute dish and absolutely delicious.  I also really like this fried squid dish that's served with a side of some tangy sauce.  Lightly breaded and fried just right- crispy and soft.  I really like the shabu, shabu salad as well.  The peanut dressing has just enough sweet to it.Desserts are a different story here.  I don't know what the fuss is about regarding the honey toast; it ain't all that and definitely not worth the $7.50 or so.  I've only tried it once and that one time didn't hit home for me.  Their cheesecake tastes like it was store bought from Costco, the ones that are pre-sliced sold in their bakery.  I've also tried the soy mousse thing and the texture, taste, and consistency is all too weird and not appetizing at all.  Given this, i'd definitely pass on dessert and would suggest you go down to the tea station (below Ichiza) and grab yourself a drink to satisfy your sweet tooth.Service: is friendly and just ok.  They work as a team and are all over the place but they do their job and they get it done.  Overall, for the price that you pay and the quality of food it's a win, win situation for me!  Ps.- although not 24hrs, this place is still open late enough for those who want sushi, but prepare to wait because Ichiza is not that big and they've got a lot of people coming to eat. Enjoy!!
5	I was reluctant to try this place, but my girlfriend was adament that we had to go, so off we went. I have to say, I'm not used to eating chicken gizzards, grilled calamari and gingko nuts, but I'm definitely doing to get used to it!  This place is delicious. I am utterly in love with the Honey Toast. I will be a regular at this place from now on. I hate to admit it, but my girl knows her stuff about food, lol.
4	I'm so glad this place isn't around the corner from me because I'd be there every day.  It's seriously a step into some corner of Japan.  My wonderful Japanese friends are ALWAYS ready to head over their so that definitely says something about their authenticity and quality.I'm not going to go on and on about this place since there are a million reviews and they're basically going to rehash whatever I have to say, so I'll go ahead and say I adore the Yellowtail Tartare, the sake I had there was delicious, this is NOT the place to get sushi as their variety is limited, and their honey toast is waaaaay too sweet for me.  If you're not into super sweet desserts, consider going somewhere else.   (Crown Bakery a few doors down is open until Midnight and is super cute and friendly, with some fun things to nibble on after dining.)   The servers chirping their ARIGATO GOZAIMAAAAAAASU is kinda adorable but the way the server disappears after they drop off your check is NOT.
4	Very yummy chickenball skewers, great build your own handrolls,but the ramen was rather bland. Would definitely go back again.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in town. I can never get enough of it. The flavors are perfect. Simple and delicious. My absolute favorite items are the garlic chicken gizzards, grilled corn and mushrooms, grilled calamari, wasabi octopus, grilled rice balls, kimchi fried rice, honey toast, well... I could go on and on, but pretty much everyone who has reviewed this place before me has covered all the important bases. This place gets super busy, important that you plan in advance or be prepared to wait. I think I've tried everything on the menu and honestly I've only found like 1 or 2 things that I didn't love. This place is too fantastic for words...the end.
4	Great place for cheap japanese food in chinatown. They have a huge menu - their sushi is decent, an their ramen is above average. They have "specials" all over the walls, so it could be a bit overwhelming trying to decide what to order. It's also great that they're open til 4am, so its a perfect place to go after a night out.
5	If you've never had "izakaya" but are a fan of both japanese food and tapas, then you need to come try this place!  I've gone several times now, and brought many friends and everyone agrees that it's a great experience.  It should tell you something that... in the middle of this recession, no matter what time I go they are always PACKED!  From the fantastic and generous bowl of ramen that has just the hint of spiciness to it in a rich-but-not-too-thick miso broth to the extremely tasty and unusual "honey toast"... sweet and salty, soft and crunchy, warm and cold...  The honey toast is an unusual collection of flavors and textures competing for your attention, all of them extremely satisfying.
2	We waited for 20 minutes to be seated.  I wish we had left.  Maybe we just didn't know what to order.  I was really overwhelmed by the menu.  I had expected it to be a traditional Japanese Sushi Restaurant offering traditional Sushi and such, but it's not.  I saw quite a few people ordered the Ichiza Ramen, so I decided to try it, too.  It was quite possibly the worst ramen I've ever had.  I don't know how to describe the flavor, or rather the lack of it.  I tried adding tons of chili powder and it just didn't work.  I barely finished 1/3 of it.  I also ordered some kind of diced tuna salad.  It came with a raw quail egg on top.  Probably my fault that I didn't read the menu carefully.  I don't eat raw egg of any kind!My fiance's Pork Katsu was the only thing good.  It was small but I just had to steal a bite from him.  Lastly was the famous Honey Toast.  One word - OVER-RATED!!!!  There was barely honey drizzled on the toast.  The ice cream was too too sweet.  If you like thick piece of toast with very sweet ice cream, this is for you.  I had such high hope for this place, but I left disappointed and hungry!
4	We waited here for about ten minutes before we were seated. This place is pretty small, and it was really crowded! The crowd mostly consisted of younger folks who were hanging out. The menu selection included a wide variety of dishes.My family and I ordered udon, gyoza, chicken, and rice bowls. All in all it was we were happy. The portions of the food varied on what you ordered.Even when we took our order, our waitress shook her head and told as it wasn't even. So, we ordered more, taking her advice. It proved to be a good amount of food, and we finished it off. As a dessert, we ordered the highly raved honey toast. Let me tell you, it was HUGE! A giant glob of ice cream, drops of honey, and butter, all on a big cake-ish toast. It was more like a loaf than a slice.
4	i thoroughly enjoyed the ichiza experience. the menu on the wall was pretty funky (and annoying for lazy people like me who don't want to get up and read the menu). the food items weren't amazing but still tasty! although not gourmet or refined, i thought that the combination of food items were entertaining. i think ichiza is a great spot to hang out with your friends where you can drink a lot and eat a new type of bar food. it's worth the wait. oh yeah, don't get the honey toast...it's overrated. there's plenty of other random things to eat!
4	Ichiza has excellent food.  I love seafood and Ichiza has a lot of great ways to prepare them for you.  We started of with some various sashimi and Nigiri sushi which were all top quality fish.  Then dove more into the other small dishes like the Yellowtail tar tar, salmon skin salad, sake marinated grilled salmon belly and miso chasu ramen.  The sake marinated grilled salmon belly, to me, was the star of all the dishes.  Its not something I see offered on a lot of menus and I'm a sucker for a nice piece of grilled fish.  All of this was excellent.  Ended the meal with the ever popular Honey Toast.  This is alwyas a treat and it looks like a present with an ice cream bow just waiting to be unwrapped.  Just a perfect ballance of all the right ingredients.
5	Went here with with a group of friends (including Tiffany L.) while we were in Las Vegas for a trip. It was so good, like she mentioned, that we went here every night that we were there. We didn't really order off the menu, we looked around for their specials and ordered off there. Anyways, everything was SO GOOD. My personal favorites were the miso ramen, wagyu beef carpaccio, their uni, salmon fried rice, and the list goes on!
5	I went here for a second (maybe third? don't know for sure, sometimes those drunken nights in Vegas gets lost in memory) time on my last Vegas trip.  We called ahead to make reservations and was able to get a reservation around 10pm for a party of 4 calling in the same day.We were already drunk by the time we got to this place.  I dominated my Fat Tuesday yardstick in probably 45 minutes to make sure I was able to reset my palate to taste everything here.  Well, my tongue was refreshed, but I was pretty damn drunk.  Oh well.We ordered a pitcher of beer and slowly ordered dishes.  The most memorable dish for me was the beef carpaccio.  So good!  The fried rice we had was pretty bomb too (can't remember which variety of that we ordered).Bill was damn cheap.  We didn't drink too much (only a pitcher split between three people) but it was still cheaper than I had expected, takign that into consideration.  I think it was about $25ish per person.I'll be trying out Raku next time I hit up Vegas (made reservations weeks in advance) but this isn't considered a consolation if I wasn't able to get reservations.  This place is amazing in it's own right!
4	Swung by here (as recommended by yelp) on the way to my hotel from the airport. I got 5 dishes, and all of them were good. Miso butterfish. mmmmmm.
4	OMG!!! LOVED this Place!!! Great food, some of the best uni i've ever had!!! Can't wait to come back here!!
1	Dined at ichiza  4-5 x with a friend   late pm  after long day at   work and  one night- a  couple sitting next to our table - kid you not-  the man started putting  their dirty   plates on our table while we were eating!  I said excuse me but the rude  and uncivilized man just pretended we didnt exist and grumbled something to his wife in Korean. Immediately told manager  whats going on - but he just took plates off our table , apologized and left.  The food was okay- but i never went back after that experience
4	Beef salad: beef part is ok, salad part only has some dry lettus and onion, not very juicy nor interesting. I asked for lime juice and it made a good difference, still, some veriety of salas like cucumber and a different type of (juicier crunchier) lettus would be better. Phad Thai doesn't have peanut sauce, not as sweet as other places, which I like. Family style service, waitress talk loud with regulars. Not a lot of room for sit down, heard phone rang a few times, must have good take-out business.
5	Awesome Japanese food in vegas. Reminds us of Honda Ya in Tustin if you are from the OC. It's about a mile or two off the strip in "china town" but I think Vegas lumps all Asians together and calls us all Chinese. I saw Vietnamese, Korean, Chinese, ...etc  The restaurant is on the second floor, parking was a bit difficult but found a spot in the next shopping center.  Great Japanese bar food, you can even make your own hand rolls.  Every time we are in Vegas, we are seeking out this restaurant. My kids love it here.
4	as far as festive japanese "ish" style places to eat, i give this a 4.5 out of 5. sometimes its a wait for a table, but for the most part it is worth it. you are seated with a laminated menu, however, the majority of the menu is plastered all over the walls throughout the restaurant similar to that of a small restaurant in say, sakae, nagoya, japan...  the one and only thing missing (in which i fly to japan specifically to eat at a place called Yayoiken) is Chicken Karaage. If they had Karaage, id be eating here almost everyday.is a place for fun, food and culture.
5	Amazing! I was a little nervous bringing my mom and grandma here because they are Japanese and know their Japanese food. Plus it's located in "Chinatown" which I soon came to realize is really more of an "Asian-town." My worries eased though as soon as I walked in and saw the walls plastered with their specials, all written in Japanese. They give you a menu, but there are probably 300% more choices written on the walls - everything from curry rice to squid to spicy fried chicken.The 3 of us split about 5 to 6 dishes and everything was awesome. We had udon, yaki onigiri (toasted rice balls), potato/bacon, bacon wrapped tonkatsu and mochi with eggplant and karaage. My favorite dish of the night though was the fried squid legs with this awesome dressing. There are so many choices I would have to come back a hundred times to try everythingWe got here before 5 PM on Christmas day and it was PACKED! Is it like this every day? Despite not having a reservation, the staff was very accommodating although we did have to move tables once. Oh well, a small price to pay for such delicious food. Seriously, it will make you forget all about those Vegas buffets!
5	Been itching to review Ichiza so this should be an easy one.  Located on the 2nd floor in a ginormous "Chinatown" plaza, it can easily be missed.  I'm a regular at this plaza (shoutout to my parents who love going here) but only until recently was I able to finally try this place.  Be careful, it's a small restaurant so reservations are a must!The menu is jam-packed, and is also written all over their walls in Japanese.  Since I can't read Japanese (so who knows what is REALLY written on those walls?), I have no choice but to read the menu, and booy is that an insane amount of information to intake.  SOO many choices!  They cover any type of Japanese craving you might have, whether it's rice, ramen, meaty shtuff or just dessert.  Being the chunky that I am though, I wanted it all.  And all did I get (shoutout to my brother and bf for ordering the other two entrees I wanted and saving me from looking like the ultimate fatty).  Since my fam likes to eat with their eyes, we ordered way more food than we can handle.  The gyoza came out first, and all you hear are "oohs" and "aahs".  Yeah, I know, it's only gyoza.  But it looked SOO good!  It was perfectly cooked, with some burnt parts, some crispy. LOVE, love!  Then we had fried octopus balls. Then we had main dishes, miso ramen, breaded pork cutlet.  Heaven never tasted so Japanese-y before!  I gots to admit, the Honey Toast was a bit pretentious, looks much better in picture, still good nonetheless though.  See you soon again, Ichiza!
5	I've died and gone to izakaya heaven. We rolled in at 2:30a on a Saturday and it wasn't too bad! We were seated at the counter and were very well taken care of. The wall menu made me feel like I had ADD! I wanted everything.We had:- pork belly & shiso leaf skewers- yellowtail tar tar- red snapper carpaccio- creamy shrimp I've already made a list of must tries for our next visit. So good, so fresh and so inexpensive. Loved everything about it. We'll return. No doubt.
5	This amazing place is what I would like to have near my home. But it's now 281 miles away. Not fair. I have to start searching here in LA for a place like this.I had the yellowtail sashimi, some bok choy and fried yellowtail jowl. When I looked on the receipt to see the actual name of this dish it said "Hamakata". I checked and there's nothing on Hamakata for yellowtail. Nevertheless, I loved everything about this place. Not too large, not too noisy, infinite amounts of dishes and all at a reasonable price. I really got to give thanks to yelpers in general. I can still remember exactly how each dish tasted like. Incredible.Next door is a bakery that's also Japanese and supremely delicious. My expectations were far exceeded and hopefully I'll find a place similar to this one. LA is bound to have something like this and close to me.
5	This place is one of thee best Japanese places I have ever tried in  the continental USA.  Not for their sushi...but for their Japanese tapas...just amazingly good!!My friends wanted to eat buffet in one of the casino hotels.  I told them that there is this one place in Chinatown that had rave reviews from some of my other friends and on yelp as well.  They were really not buying this idea about this restaurant but I got them to go anyways.  It was even worst when we got their and we had to wait 20 minutes when we were all hungover and really hungry.  After sitting down we ordered a bunch of the appetizers and no sashimi or sushi (which is NOT my normal thing) and I must say...it was the BOMB!  Even my friends thanked me for making them come to this restaurant versus a buffet.Their uni pon, Agedashi tofu, gizzard, fried chick, grilled squid, shishito peppers, gyoza, red snapper carpaccio, yellowtail tar-tar and miso butterfish was to die for.  My fave is their beef tongue!!  I had to add a second order of it.  We also had their specialty desert, warm toast and ice cream, that we were not too fond of because it was way too sweet.All-in-all...i will definitely be going back to this place.  If possible EVERY time I am in Vegas...this would be one of the must go destinations.
4	I think I was a little overwhelmed at first... they've got a lot of good stuff on the menu, and even more on the wall menu!  Some of it's hard to read (as in faded writing, not I'm an illiterate bastard... although when it comes to kanji, I suppose you can call me that), but I pretty much wanted to try EVERYTHING.Since it was only my old man and I, we ended up getting fried chicken (there's like three different types but I told the server no cutlet/katsu style), red snapper carpaccio, seared ahi tuna, miso ramen, yellowtail tar tar.  It was a lot of food... it hurt so good  =PGotta say, not a fan of the carpaccio, but that's just me.  It was very well prepared and the quality was VERY good... it was just the first time I've tried that (based on a recommendation), and it turned out not to be my thing!  Everything else was BOMB.  It's ALMOST as good as Furaibo near my hometown.  Actually, upon further review, Ichiza has a more extensive menu, so I'll say they're as good =D  which is saying a lot!Not the best I've ever had in my entire time upon this earth... But if you're in the mood... I strongly recommend it
4	Been going here for some years now. Great place to eat late at night when no one else is open. This is not a place I would recommend for the sushi/nigiri, the other menu items are far superior to the sushi served here.The walls are filled with pictures of menu items, so one can always see a new dish or two when one goes there.Definitely try the butter fish and, of course, the honey bread.
3	A birthday dinner bought us to Ichiza recently.  We had a reservation, but they still weren't able to seat us for 20 minutes or so after we arrived. We got seats at the end of the sushi bar, a fine spot, though a bit cramped. The little house appetizer they brought out was fair, but nothing extraordinary. The menu was decent, but the specials (all over the walls and above the bar) seemed to offer much more variety and interest. Unfortunately, there didn't seem to be rhyme or reason as to where to find anything on the walls. I read some Japanese, but from where we sat we could only make out a fraction of the offerings, and it was much too crowded to get up and walk around, hanging over others' plates to get a better look.We ordered tako wasabi, though we never found it listed. It was average. The grilled squid was good, if a bit tough. Fried oysters were good, but we would have liked the spicy mustard that belongs with them. The crazy roll was fine, but pretty much available anywhere.We felt the set-up of the place was a bit too compartmentalized to call it a true izakaya. There was none of that "shared space" feel. All in all a fine meal, but a bit of a disappointment for a special occasion.
5	the best japanese food in town... hands down.  eel-kakiage-tempura roll, beef bowl, natto roll, egg drop soup, tofu salad, katsu, shrimp tempura, asian-style omlette, ramen, yakisoba, honey toast dessert and all the other items posted on all the walls in the restaurant!
4	Ichiza is a izakaya restaurant located in close proximity to the Las Vegas strip. My friends and I took a cab from the strip and it came to be ~$10 per ways. Compared to other izakaya restaurant, Ichiza is suited well for informal gatherings with friends and companions who are adventurous when it comes to food. I would not recommend for dates or casual after-office meetings (as most izakaya's are for). I like to think of Ichiza as the younger, hipper version of its upscale, intimate Raku, counterpart. Both Raku and Ichiza serve decently made traditional izakaya entrees . Food presentation at Ichiza is lacking compared to Raku but they have more varieties of dishes for one to try. The one complaint I have of their menu is that a lot of their more interesting varieties are scribbled on pieces of paper that are pasted against the wall. Therefore, making it inconvenient when you are ordering. So, make note of good dishes that are recommended to you either through word of mouth, bloggers or yelpers. I can definitely say that are enough options to feed a mouthful with splitting open your wallet.I went with a group of 8 friends, ordered many ~16 dishes and it came to a total of ~$17 pp. It is a izakaya, so you can eat/order however much or little you would like. My recommendations are the following (please note that I do like raw fish and sometimes meat, if fresh enough, so I will note any dishes that contain raw items):-Takoyaki: "OCTOPUS BALLS" (not literally) If you have never had this, you MUST try. I am from the bay area where a lot of Japanese and asian families live and rarely do I see takoyaki on menus. Not only does Ichiza have it but it is done to perfection. -Okonomiyaki: I believe this is seasonal. The texture and flavors is very similar to takoyaki except that it has more vegetables and no octopus balls. Think of it as traditional Japanese pizza-Hamachi tartar: excellent textural contrast between the flaky rice placed between two crisp wonton skins and topped with smooth and buttery hamachi tartar with avocado. This was amazing-Ichiza DX Ramen: I enjoyed this VERY much. Perfectly al dente ramen noodles, beautifully refreshing soup, delicious pork loin? pieces. I can slurp up every bit of it. The normal portion is humongous. We got 2 to share between 8 people and it was plenty. You can also get the half order if the normal size is too large-Fried Oyster: Burst of oyster juice and flavor in your mouth. I loved the various condiments they provide as well-Grilled Eggplant with Shrimp: really good sweet and spicy flavors that reminded me of authentic szechuan goodness. The sauce was so addicting that people just started dipping everything in it! haha-Anything Hibachi grilled would probably taste excellent! We had the beef tongue (:D), pork with shiso leaf (very unique flavors kind of like mint and basil) and yakitori (loved this)-Bacon wrapped mochi-Beef Tataki-Broiled Miso CodHoney Toast is supposed to be really food but we were already too stuffed to keep going. But to be honest it is a just a huge slice of toasted asian breast drizzled with honey and vanilla ice cream. It does sound good but could be something you could make at home. Overall, Ichiza is a lot of fun to eat and converse in. I would recommend!
5	This place is delicious. I love it. There are so many noms. Shout out to Jenny Z. for taking our group here! We had 8 people for dinner, we each paid ~$17 and we got ~16 dishes to share family style. From the Imperial Palace we cabbed here, which ended up to be ~$7 a person there and back. The place is small but intimate and cozy. Wait staff were all very attentive and nice. My favorites (for pics see the photos I added):+ Takoyaki: octopus balls! very interesting and yummy+ Ichiza DX Ramen: Slightly spicy, but in a fantastic way. Great broth, yummy veggies. + Hamachi tartar: great appetizer for avocado lovers, lots of interesting textures. This is a great place to try a little bit of everything that's delicious. The sake was also pretty good.
4	This place is outstanding great food friendly helpful service and very reasonably priced it's just not fancy definetly a favorite
5	Went back last night for a late dinner with friends and was again impressed with everything we tried. Best dishes were: miso butterfish, beef tongue stir fry, garlic baby Bok Choy, yellowtail tar tar, udon soup, and beef tataki. :) delicious once again!
5	Ichiza how I missed thee.This place has been open for some time now and I used to come here for their beef bowls. They were delicious! But I was not the foodie that I am today so I didn't see food the same way or care about all the great things they had to offer.But now that I have Yelp on my side. I have discovered a new side to Ichiza. An amazingly delicious side. It seems as if they had a secret menu or something because most of the items that I saw pictures of on Yelp were not listed in the menu they provided. It must have been posted on their walls though, but I can't read all of it cause it was all over the place. And it was awkward when I was trying to read the items off the wall because people think I was staring awkwardly at them.So I whipped out my phone and pulled up Yelp and ordered my food based off of pictures! Started off with the deep fried baby octopus, which I thought would have a dipping sauce but the server said the flavors is already in the octopus. And she was right! It was seasoned well and fried perfectly.Then the Uni in Ponzu sauce. I love me some Uni! And it was yummy. Small little order, but it was worth it. Very fresh. And then the yellowtail tartar. The best! And for the price, soooo worth it. I'm not sure if I ate it properly though, it didn't seem easy to eat cleanly. Then there was the pork with shiso leaf (looked big in the picture was it was a small order and nothing special) and can't remember the other stuff I got. But definitely not disappointed in anything.But the MAIN reason we chose Ichiza for our evening dining is for the Honey Toast! It was bigger than I thought. And we had green tea ice cream rather than vanilla. It was delicious. And I didn't have room to try their other desserts like the crepe or mochi that I wanted to. But I will be visiting often, so I will have many opportunities....We arrived to dine around 10:15p and it was busy, but still a couple seats available. We sat at the bar right next to the server station so we saw all the food coming out. Yellowtail tartar is very popular, and for a good reason! Service was good for an asian place. They were quick. Only thing is that I feel I am missing out on some other goodies because it isn't listed in the menu, but rather all the walls. But thank goodness for yelp! This isn't a fancy restaurant, but a cozy authentic Japanese place with good pricing.Oh and since we sat at the bar, we got to see the sushi chef cut a whole fish into sushi. Interesting :)We ordered about 6 items, and a dessert at it totaled $42 and soem change. And the honey toast was the priciest item, it was good... but dunno if it is worth it. We can make it at home for much cheaper!
3	Ichiza is one of the spots we we frequent when our family comes in from Japan.  I recommend calling in for reservations ahead of time if you have a large party because of limited seating. Remember if you get the 2 tables in the back you usually have a 2 hour max time slot.We usually order a bunch of different dishes and just share...family style. It is an Izakaya...half bar-half restaurant. Many of the dishes are tapas style.We've had better izakaya but the go to foods at Ichiza that we would recommend are (not necessarily in this order)1.Grilled eggplant2. Uni pon3. Broiled Miso Cod4.Yellowtail tartar5. Robata-Pork belly in shiso leaf 6. Beef bowl7. Ume Chazuke8. Salmon BellyPeople rave about Ichiza and I say they are ok. I've tried many of their "to die for" menu items but I wasn't wowed. I suppose we could give Ichiza a 4 star but its hard to. Maybe because we visit family in Japan a couple times a year, we set the bar high and our expectations are based on that. They are not as consistent as they once were with their food. The prices are decent, the service we've experienced is sub par right up until my wife speaks Japanese to them, and lately its been packed and very loud. Probably due to the fact that they don't do lunch service , anymore.Don't get me wrong they are a good bang for your buck type of place. Just check out the other Yelpers, they love it. Don't take my word for it...go try them out. I'm sure you'll find someone thing delicious on their menu.Aloha
5	I lived in Okinawa for 2 1/2 years, this place reminded me so much of the little hole in the walls you find in Japan, great food, the atmosphere and service is great.Ichiza Ramen DX is great on a cold day.Beef Bowl with rice, ask for an egg on top, it makes it so much better...
5	YUM, YUMMy go-to spot after a long night. This place is purr-fect. Little plates of this and that so you never get bored of eating. It's no frills and they are very attentive.My faves:Grapefruit So-Ju (They make you squeeze your own grapefruit :( )garlic chicken gizzardsjalepeno fried riceBeef tongueSalmon Sashimi... Soooooo fresh and melts in your mouthI have been too full to get to dessert and try their honey toast. WAHH ;'(
5	Las Vegas is a city filled to the brim with addictions of every kind, so why not an addiction to one of the very best places you can find in Vegas? Ichiza would gladly satiate my thirst for off-the-strip, reasonably priced dining. It is located on the second floor of a strip mall in Chinatown, which is a small drive from the strip. Completely unassuming and unpretentious, Ichiza is an izakaya - complete with different types of seating - at the Japanese bar/counter, normal tables, and on tatami mats on raised ground.I'm not going to name the 12+ dishes that my fellow diners and I ordered. That would be a little ridiculous. I will leave you with this piece of advice: order off the walls and off the menu. Get the waitress' or hostess' suggestions and go with them (unless you're a rather unadventurous eater). They have all the standard izakaya-type food here including one of my favorites - octopus balls.And most importantly: order the Honey Toast for dessert. Do not forgo this step! This honey toast had all of my dining group a-flutter, and you can guarantee that it is one of their most popular dishes. A block of bread is hollowed out, toasted, slathered in honey (but not too much honey), and placed on a plate. Then a huge scoop of ice cream nestles itself inside of that sweet piece of toast. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nPiTwWEFr-VsePew7Sjg?select=5MBjtf85537l3Q44V97BYA) It tasted like pure heaven. If you do everything else wrong - order from the menu, actually order soda, etc. - at least do this one thing correctly. Order the honey toast. You'll thank me later.
1	If you are expecting very good Japanese food, as most Americans know it,  you will not like the food at this restaurant.  NOT COMPATIBLE is just the plain truth.Came here looking to do something off the strip.  After all, how many oversized meals can you handle in a weekend?  Grew up in L.A., so no stranger to sushi and Japanese food.  But of the 12 or so items we tried, only the shoshito peppers and fried rice were edible.  We sent back the spicy tuna roll after my wife spit it out since it was soooooo fishy.  The albacore sashimi must have been caught a month ago- it, too, found the inside of my napkin. Even the other cooked food was horrible.  We hid most everything under the ramen noodles so the waitress would clear the plates.Being respectful to cultural tastes is one thing, so I did not expect to like everything we ordered.  But as a standard by which to measure, fresh fish is fresh fish, no matter where where you are from.  This was not even close.  I would not send anyone to this restaurant for the food.Very friendly staff, and cheap prices for the portion sizes, hence the 1 star.
4	This is another one of those local gems that serve great comfort food. They have specials plastered all over the walls as well as some pictures. The prices are reasonable and they serve all kinds of faire that is not typical in Japanese restaurants. They serve from bento boxes, to sushi, to udon, to skewers. You have to try the butter corn over chips, takoyaki, stir fried chicken with scallions, chicken meatball skewers, four kinds of stewed mushrooms, and the okra skewers. Everything in here looked so yummy and we were always interested in seeing what some of the patrons around us were ordering. Unfortunately, our tummies can only hold so much food, so you better believe that I'll be back to visit next time I come to Las Vegas. A diamond in the rough fo sheezy.
4	Beef Tongue Stew.Wasabi Octopusan order of skewers, and a bowl of white rice.and youre good to go
4	The food is Off the wall!  Actually it's on the wall mostly.  The everchanging menu at Ichiza is mostly written on cards on the wall, and is always being updated.  Expect a unique experience each time you dine, and this place typically gets repeat business.The small restaurant is centered around the large open kitchen in the middle.  It is really nice to see the chefs vigorously at work while you're dining.  Ichiza is noisy, busy, hip, and worth the hype. This time we ordered:Soju w/ lemon juice cocktail - Soju is like a rice vodka.  It's 40 proof, and is typically drank with salty and pickled foods.  It was served with a sliced lemon, a citrus juicer to squeeze the fresh lemon juice out, and some sprite.  Very refreshing, and fun!Beef Tongue Skewer -   Toothsome, tender, and tasty.  If you've never had tongue, this is a good way to eat it.  Fried Quail Egg - Perfect panko breading, the eggs came on a skewer, which made them easy to enjoy.  The satisying creaminess of the egg beneath the slight crunch from the breading made for a fantastic dish.Tom Yum Roll - Tempure Shrimp, cilantro, ginger, rice, wrapped in rice paper, served with a lime.  It reminded me very much of the classic Thai soup to which it owes its name.AgeDashi - Tofu lightly flash fried and served in a light miso broth.  I enjoyed this agedashi very much, except there was a gelatenous film on the tofu.  I don't know what it was, and didn't mind it, although my friend found it visually offensive which ruined the meal.  I am curious what it was, but it didn't have too much impact on the dish.Baked Black Cod in miso (Butterfish) - Not the best butterfish I've had.  The broth was too salty and the skin of the black cod was mushy.  A crisp skin would be nice, or at least getting the fish without the skin.  Wasabi Octopus - Raw octopus chopped into small pieces, served with fresh wasabi.  Very good flavor and "burn your nostrils" hot.  The issue with this dish was the octopus was chewy and cut very small, which made it difficult to eat.  Think kernals of corn in size, but chewy.Ichiza is a fun way to experience Japanese cuisine, or to get loud with friends, they stay open past 2 AM.
5	I love eating here! The atmosphere and food are both amazing. I always get the beef bowl. Cheap, big portions, and really satisfying. Another thing I like to get is the hamachi kama which is yellowtail collar because it's always cooked right and they never give me a flimsy piece like some other places. For dessert, the honey toast is a must-try! It's unique and sweet and really provides a nice end to a delicious meal. The only thing that makes me sad is how long it takes to get a table because it's so busy all the time.
4	Yum yum to my tum!  This place has great Japanese food for a late night spot.  I would've never known about this spot if it wasn't for a friend of ours who is a local.  Came here around midnight and were starved for some good food. Considering the hour, it was pretty packed probably mostly locals since it is far from the strip.  I don't remember everything we ordered since it was so much.  Tried the gizzards, mochi wrapped with bacon, beef tongue, and some other delicious dishes.  Everything was on point and the sake complimented it very well.  Would definitely like to revisit this spot!
5	this place is awesome! the food is so different. i guess you can call a lot of the stuff on the menu japanese style street food. its like asian tapas and its super cheap! we ordered a bunch of different dishes...agedashi tofu, bacon wrapped mochi, ahi tuna and tofu salad, seared tuna, eel and tempura roll, fried pork cutlet with cheese, egg, and cabbage. all of it was really yummy. we also ordered the honey bread dessert....mouth watering! service was good. the only downside is that they have a lot of different items placed on the walls not on the actual menu so its a bit overwhelming trying to decide what to eat. i might have to come here everytime i come to vegas! =)
5	Wow, wow, wow.I came here for the first time with my family and this is what we got, for about $80 bucks to feed all five people:* deep fried baby octopus* pork and napa cabbage* spicy tuna rolls* yellowtail and cucumber rolls* half an order of house special ramen* tempura bowl over rice* kimchi fried rice* salmon skin salad* honey toast...and everything was so good. I have to go back and EAT MORE!!!
4	We went here with a group of people for my friend's birthday.  They misplaced her reservation so the wait was slightly long I think.  It's a happenin place and there was a bunch of people there, so it was loud and crowded.  We were able to get seated in the area where you have to take off your shoes so that was kind of fun.I didn't really get the whole order off the wall thing, but it was fun.  I just kept wondering if there was more stuff that we were missing on the other side of the restaurant because we wanted to try everything!We ended up getting probably 10 things, I'm not sure the exact number.  Here were the ones that totally sticked out in my mind:Seared Salad - Nice and fresh with some carpaccio.  The flavors were excellent.   Kimchi fried rice - I'm actually not a huge fan of kimchi, so I'm not sure why I liked this rice so much.  But anyway, it had a good spicy flavor, and I like.  Went well with the pork belly.Pork belly - YUM.  The meat was so delicious it just melts in your mouth.  Yellowtail Tar Tar - I would probably go back just for this.  I don't know how to explain it, but the flavor was awesome.We got the honey toast upon recommendation from Yelp.  Huh?  It just tastes like toast with honey on it with ice cream on top?  I can make that at home and it would be so much cheaper.  There was a bunch of other stuff that we got that I already forgot.  I wish it was slightly cheaper... but I really think you pay for the experience.  Plus it seems like that use good quality and unique ingredients.  I'll be back, Izakaya is fun when with a bunch of people.
3	This was my third visit it was ok nothing special .  We had the oysters saigon style and seared both were good and fresh. We also had the agedashi tofu this must be the best version of it that i've had. It sat in a very flavorful dashi..  We also had the fried chix  pretty good.  The beef curry was a disapointment , kinda sweet?  Service a little slow. I don't think i would go back, lots of other places with more room and not a long wait.
5	Went here for a friend's birthday.  As festive as birthdays should be Ichiza stood up to the challenge! We were seated at a booth which were limited.  Each booth can seat up to 10 people from what I remember.  We took off our shoes so make sure you don't have stinky feet!  Anyhow, the small restaurant is also lined with 2 seater tables and a sushi bar you can sit at.We started off with a pitcher of Sapparo and my favorite, warm sake!  From there it was harder to remember what food we ordered.  The ordering process is unique cause you order off the small notes on the wall.  I feel that they do this to keep the dishes new and fresh.  The price range of the orders range from $5 - $15 for a tapas style dish.  Each little portion stands out from your normal sushi fare and you will not be disappointed.  The one dish that I really loved was the deep fried breaded bacon wrap pork tender loin! Yum. If you're looking for a busy place to drink and eat away your weekly stress this is the place to be.  But, you'll really never beat the rush cause this place is popin!  Come with an empty stomach and if you have enough fun you'll leave with an empty wallet!
5	I LOVE this place! I've been craving it for the past month, but since I'm out of town I haven't been able to have it  :[When I came here with my boyfriend the first time, we had a look at the menu and the papers on the wall and decided to order the following:-agedashi tofu-fried calamari rings-ramen dx-shrimp tempura-beef bowl-miso butterfish-Edemame-shitake mushroom skewersThe waitress looked at us like we were crazy. She actually stopped us at our last order and said "Wait, I think that's already too much. Just get that for now and see how you feel." She was partly correct. What we ordered, was just enough. We devoured everything on all the plates, it was soo delicious! Since we still had a little room let in us, we decided to get the famous Honey Toast. It came out right away and boy was it heavenly!! Just thinking about it makes my mouth water. Everything we ordered was perfect and really hit the spot. I love this place and it's an added bonus that it's open so late!
4	When you're in Vegas and you've gotten your share of endless buffets, this would be THE place to hit up for that izakaya you're craving for. It's crowded and their line is long, so make sure you call in advance to reserve your table first! Love the fact this place is like those hole-in-the-wall joints you'd find in Japan with Japanese writings and menu items plastered all over their walls. Had lots of good dishes here: Miso Butterfish, Beef Tataki, Tofu Salad with Tuna Sashima, Yellowtail Tartar, Honey Toast.. Highly recommend their tapas. I'd probably skip the beef bowl and shrimp fried rice, those can be too filling and taste was pretty generic. Can't wait to go back and try more tapas and yakitori! This place reminds me of Honda-Ya or Shinsengumi, for those that are also from LA. :)
4	Late late hours. Honey toast. Menu on walls. This place is great. It would get 5 stars, but it's always so packed. I have an average 30 minute wait to be seated and sometimes food takes a bit. Oh, and the honey toast takes a bit to make, so if I plan on having some for the evening, I order it a bit early.Favorite dishes:- Miso ramen- Kimchee Fried Rice- Ika ring- Eel Kakage Tempura roll- Yellowtail Tar Tar- Honey Toastand I always try to throw something new in every now and then.
5	remember Angelina Jolie when she was married to Billy Bob?  It's been a long time because the now refined philanthropist/mother-of-Jolie Pitt-clan/paparazzi-shy-actress does not at all resemble the Angelina of those times: controversial, grungy, and FUN.  Ichiza is like that old Angelina, plus delicious!Atmosphere is not for the timid eater, you are likely to share tables with strangers, you may even have to share tables with strangers as well as be shoes-less with them.  But if you like making friends over sake and exotic meats & fish, then come on in, order a drink and start staring... not at other people - at the strips of paper glued to the walls on which much of the menu is written (most of them are far away, so you will end up seeming like you're staring at other patrons anyways)!  Did I mention this restaurant was not for the shy?  The current Angelina does not seem to eat, but the old one did, and she probably devoured things like chicken gizzards (skewered and stir-fried), beef liver, & beef tongue, all of which are tasty at Ichiza.  My personal favorites are the buttery beef tongue and the chewy skewered gizzards.  If the present Ms. Jolie did eat, she'd probably enjoy the tofu and sashimi salad: refreshing cold tofu and top quality fish over fresh romaine and avocado, with zesty sesame vinagrette, it's approved for anorexic starlets.Okay, all Angelina talk aside, I love Ichiza the most because of the grain epiphany that happened to me at this hole-in-the-wall Japanese treasure: the broiled rice balls - the best thing to have happened to anyone that's a fan of slightly-burned crispy rice.  It was these balls (not the Angelina fantasy - sorry to disappoint some of you) that made me an Ichiza convert.
5	Truly a one-of-a-kind experience. The place is always busy, so don't be surprised if you have to wait an hour or more to get a seat, especially on the weekends. But the wait is absolutely worth it. When it comes to the food, some of the best offerings Ichiza has are not on the menu, but posted on the walls, so be sure to look around. Get the boiled pork belly with egg - it's the bomb.
4	Another great visit to Ichiza. Brought a bunch of girlfriends to broaden their culinary landscapes. Must make a reservation cause the place was packed! Just love getting those jealous glares from the folks who wait 30+ minutes for a table when you can glide on in and order. Pitchers of Kirin were awesome, well worth the $15. The goods: Yellow Tail Tar-Tar - kinda like a nacho w/ raw yellowtail, salsa & avocado on a chip with a rice bottom Deep Fried Bacon Wrapped Pork Loin - need I say more?? Deep Fried Mozzarella & Salmon - Yummy Miso Butterfish - Delicious and very fresh Octopus Balls- Served piping hot and chewy - delish so good everyone tried one Chicken Kaarage(?) Marinated fried chicken - awesome w beer!Honey Toast - Not what I expected -basically a 1/3 loaf of bread w drizzled honey and topped with ice cream My only complaint was the food came out extremely slow and the hostess kept telling us we only had the booth for 2 hours... they extended our time a bit since the last dish came out so late past our "discharge" time.
4	Mmm... just thinking about my dinner at Ichiza makes my mouth water.Very authentic and fairly inexpensive Japanese food.  The space is small though, so be prepared to wait and possibly share a table (more fun anyways!)Things to try:Sea Urchin with Ponzu Sauce- incredibly fresh, served in a lemonAnkimo (fish liver) - delish.Beef Tataki- super rare beef w/ a tangy savory sauceBoiled Pork Belly w/ EggHoney Toast- buttery toast w/ a heap of honey-drizzled ice cream. AMAZINGThe only reason this place gets 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the inevitable wait.
3	memorable food moment:bacon wrapped mochi on a stick, grilled to perfectiontakoyaki - close to perfection
3	Heard about Ichiza through word of mouth. Have made a couple visits since then, but it's really my other friends who are in love with this place and dragging me along.The food isn't bad, it just isn't great. It's Asian barfood, though they put weird twists on very simple food items in order to add to the variety. And while on the topic of that: HOLY FUCK. This place has so many random made-up items that they don't have room on their menus for them. The items are scribbled onto pieces of plain white paper and taped up on every wall in the place. You wait for over an hour to sit, finally grab your table and a few drinks, take a look at the menu, and BOOM your head explodes. Too many decisions, none of them particularly more special than the rest. It's still a decent place to enjoy a drink with friends, and all the servers are super polite and friendly. I just think there isn't anything too special otherwise. And seriously, explodehead.
4	i've enver had japanese small plates before, so this was a first for me. i felt like we were ordering everything and there was only 4 of us! but it was perfect, filling, and came out to be fairly inexpensive. the food was all well prepared, the waitress was kind enough to suggest several options, most of which we tried and was really good. we also wanted onigiri and wasn't sure which we wanted but could recall the taste. so we tried to describe it to her and she was helpful in bringing out a small bit of what she thought we were trying to describe to let us taste it before we ordered.. very helpful. portions were a good size, service was great too. definitely liked the octopus, cooked perfectly. their seaweed salad was an awesome array of different types of seaweed, lightly sauced and very refreshing, not the usual u'd get at an americanized japanese place. their rolls were a good size, and when they said tempura, they really mean a whole another portion of tempura in there, er, on there =P, depends on what u get. i definitely recommend this spot. my favorite, tho it wasn't clearly stated on the menu, was their onigiri.. i know it's simple and hard to f-up, but the rice was perfect, the amount of fish eggs was perfect, and the seaweed was crisp and seem fresh. i'd come back just for that ;)we didn't get drinks tho, and weren't in the mood for drinks so i forget what their collection is like.overall, service was good, food was good, atmosphere was very chill.. love the onigiri =)
1	Ok. I'm wring a review of Ichiza just to complain this unpleasant experience I had tonight.I was really really looking foward Ramen tonight and Ichiza was the only place opened at the time near 10 miles from my place.So, my friend and I went here...My friend ordered few stuffs like tempura, some deep fried stuffs and something to go. I tried to order Ramen but, my order was simply rejected by the waitress and, being told they don't do Ramen after 12 o'clock.So...I ordered Udon instead, which was certainly lower than average.And then, some kind of miracle has happened.Couple of Japanese guys came in and, ordered Ramen like they order it every day and, guess what? the waitress just took their order. I could not believe it until she place an order to the kitchen.I'm telling you... I'm not an invisible man and, I was sitting right next to them.I asked for an explanation about what happened to another waitress and, all I could hear was 'Of course you can order Ramen'No explanation, no apologize being said...I was ignored pretty good...lolAm I not deserve for a damn Ramen? or a simple explanation?
5	I love their Ramen DX here.  Instead of the normal meat (chashu) you get pork belly!!! and you get other stuff in there.  Bad thing is you can't add things like corn...(extra seaweed) and other things.  I have yet to try everything here, but I seem to always want to come back for their Ramen DX...very tasty :)
4	I finally decided to finish up my review for Ichiza.  My first trip consisted of trying the ramen.  Here's what I had written for that visit:"The ramen at Ichiza isn't the best that I have had.  After visiting Monta so many times, I guess i was expecting something more flavorful.  The broth is pretty bland, although it is probably healthier than the Monta broth.  The veggies and meat were all fresh.  However, I like the noodles better at Monta as well.  This is more of an appetizer to share with friends rather than a main course meal."My opinion changed after I went with a few friends, and we tried lots of stuff.  I didn't have time to record everything we ate, but I remember enjoying nearly all of it. We had a few rolls to start off with, california rolls, a sardine roll, etc.  These were pretty standard rolls, and very tasty.  We also tried a pork belly bowl, which we all thought was amazing!  It was so tender and had a perfect flavor.  The fried octopus was about the only octopus I have had that wasn't rubbery.  So many dishes, and all of them were great!  If you haven't been to Ichiza, go with a group of friends that like to try different things, and give this place a try.  It is a local Japanese favorite, and for good reason!
4	Ha I finally found this place must have passed it a thousand times. Tucked away on spring mountain is a little gem of a, as my home girl LIL says Izakaya. Food is good though it could all be presented in a menu. You got to go there a few times to figure it all out. Well thought out little entrees right in line with dishes you would probably find walking the streets of Tokyo. I went with a bunch of friends who knew what to order. I orderd a Tofu Avacado Salad most likely because of where I was sat.Very good salad, nice amounts of tofu diced ripe avocado iceburg lettuce leafed with your typical soy vinaigrette.  I likes the little Grilled Mushrooms wrapped in Chicken skin, brilliant! We had some chicken gizzards but I didn't try. Then we got some Garlic that was roasted and served with miso paste. Funky but some how went real well with a grilled musubi. There was much gooey natto going around. Service was very comfortable and friendly. I'll come back here for sure. Open till 2am get an extra star.
4	I've been skipping this place for a while because I was not sure what they had to offer.  I usually go to AYCE type Japanese Sushi Restaurants.  Well, I decided to be advanturous today and went there for dinner with a few friends.  I was shocked by the wide range of interesting menu items plastered all over the walls in the restaurant.All the Sushi rolls were excellant and the prices were very resonable.  They do not have a wide selection of sushi rolls.  The pork belly was awesome and could possibly went well with a bottle of Asahi.  The Honey Toast with a scoop of vanilla ice cream was to die for and really finished the meal for us.
4	Perfect place to go when you want to try Japanese food that doesn't have the words "teriyaki", "sushi" or "roll" attached. I've been to Ichiza on a couple of occasions, and each time the place has been busy. Add to that fact, the restaurant is small with limited seating; but people don't seem to mind because the food is good and the atmosphere is unique. Ichiza isn't trying to win people over by turning up the "fancy" switch like some Japanese restaurants do; they are about serving their customers authentic Japanese cuisine. The regular menu is nice, but the real reason why people keep coming back to Ichiza (besides the Honey Toast) is the special Japanese "tapas" menu written on paper and then attached to the walls. I guess I don't practice what I preach because on my most recent visit here, we ordered strictly from the regular menu. First up, an order of Takoyaki- 6 balls of dough, similar in consistency to pancakes, but crispy on the outside and soft (almost undercooked) in the inside, and filled w/ pieces of octopus and veggies. Topped w/ Japanese mayo, takoyaki sauce & bonito flakes. Yummy! Perfect snack food. Next, we ordered a bowl of Ramen- lots of veggies, large delicious pieces of char siu (pork), full-bodied broth & nicely-cooked ramen. No complaintsFinally, we ended our meal w/ Monjayaki (We wanted Okonomiyaki at first, but they didn't have it and recommended this dish instead)- a thick pancake w/ fried eggs on the bottom, kimchi and pork in the middle, and topped w/ the same Takoyaki toppings. This was my least favorite dish of the evening. It wasn't memorable, but it wasn't bad. It was just a so-so dish, and definitely on the heavy side. I've tried the Honey Toast here, and while definitely Yummy w/ a capital Y, it's a very easy dish to make at home at a fraction of the cost. If you're in Vegas, you have to check out Ichiza (at least once). Don't miss out on the hottest thing to happen to Chinatown...
3	Nothing special. The restaurant itself is setup different, and when I say different, I mean cramped and an added area where they have the Japanese style seating. We arrived at 1:30am, yep a late night spot. The place was a little busy, we got there just as everyone was about to leave. The hostess sat us and we were basically sharing a table (that would usually seat about 8-10 people) with two other patrons (nope, no idea who they were) right across from us. If you're uncomfortable with this, I really don't think you'll like eating here. Since the place is so small, they try to cramp everyone into every available seat. Eats-- I just don't get what the big deal is about. We ordered spicy tuna, and some eel roll that the waitress suggested and wasn't on the menu. They were both, OKAY. Nothing that would make me want to order again in the future. There service could've been better. As I said, we arrived just as everyone was leaving so there were only a hand full of people in the restaurant, so why did it take 20 mins to get our check? Seriously? If I'm craving some late night Japanese eats, then maybe I'll try this place, but there best not be a wait, or I'm getting back in my car and heading else where.
3	Second time visiting this place. First time, we walked in and found the wait to be about an Hour. So made a quick U-Turn and decided to go elsewhere.. This time, no different.. 45 min. - 1 hr. wait.. I'm not used to waiting in Vegas?! Seriously?!.. OK, this time we waited.What we had at the Bar Counter:21. Chicken Cutlet: deep fried breaded chicken (like Katsu or chicken fried steak). Nice crust and the dark brown dipping sauce brought it Alive! sauce was thick and semi-sweet ilke (Katsu/Teriyaki sauce). Chicken was moist and sliced into finger tenders. Plain Good.62. Kaku - Ni (pork belly w/ egg): small bowl filled with tender and juicy pork in some type of broth/sauce and a half a boiled egg. Full of Pork Goodness!81. Fried Rice - Kimchi: Nice portion, mild balanced flavor of Kimchi, rice was soft, not mushy and went great with all the proteins.*Off the Wall/Paper Menu:Salmon Belly: decent slab of salmon belly fillet with an evident taste of some kind of light vinegar/alcohol flavoring. Came with a tiny mound of super minced radish. Salmon was 'melt in your mouth or on the dish' consistency. It was kind of rich, fatty and Delicious (the radish settled down the richness and fattiness a bit). Yellowtail Tar Tar: I usually don't do Raw but this time I made an exception because of all the praising on past reviews. 4 pieces, each piece was a fluffy and crunchy tortilla chips layered with rice, avocado and.. yellowtail on top. I couldn't taste the fish much, I just noticed a slight chewiness. Everything worked Really Well, the texture was Amazing and it was an Awesome Tortialla Chip Sandwich!Atmosphere reminded me of some restaurants in Little Tokyo, Los Angeles (It felt like I was eating somewhere in Japan). No complaints on Service. Value was fair, Japanese portions are hardly ever huge but quality makes up for it. The food was satisfied but nothing really stood out.. I'd come back but I wouldn't wait more than 10 minutes to dine here.
2	Honey Toast dessert is totally overrated.  A big hunk of ice cream surrounded by a huge piece of honey toast.  What's the big deal?Also had their ramen - can't say there was much flavor going on there.  I like having a bunch of veggies and such in my ramen but the broth needs actual taste.  They should poach one of those dudes from Monta so he can show them how it's done.Didn't get anything else but looked around and none of the food looked too impressive.  Their menu is huge which, considering how small the kitchen is, is not a good sign for the quality.  But you gotta love Las Vegas for having even decent Japanese food open so late.  But there's tons of better Japanese places if you go during normal hours.  Ichiza should be far down on the list in my opinion.
4	Expect to wait for a seat. You'll be glad u did. Highly recommend the honey toast.
5	My third favorite restaurant in Vegas. It might jump higher if I didn't need to take a japanese speaker with me to really get the full experience of this wacky restaurant. Yes, all the servers speak english. Yes, the menu they hand you is in english, but if you really want to give this place a go you have to order off the walls. I suppose you could wander about looking at the pictures posted with the congi description and price, then point, but... find someone who speaks japanese and buy them dinner. Its way easier, and they will like you for it. Great for large groups, but make a reservation.
2	I had high hopes for this place since I absolutely adore izakaya! I figured this is where it's at, since it's where locals go. But alas, we left disheartened and unsatisfied, craving the izakaya we know and love back home in LA. There's absolutely no wait at 11pm on a Tuesday night. We had a difficult time ordering, because the menu that they handed is, well, not really the menu! All the special items that you want to order is posted on the wall. So if you have poor vision like I do, you're kinda of screwed! Or you can walk around the entire restaurant staring at the walls...The only thing i would go back for is the TAR TAR YELLOWTAIL. It is heaven on a greasy little chip! It has generous chunks of yellowtail and avocado. AVOCADO!! nom nom! I would eat this any day twice a day! RED SNAPPER CARPACCIO is kind of weird. The fish is sliced too thick and it was chewy. Comes with raw onions and salmon roe, which I am personally afraid of. Our three little FRIED SMELTS were also a winner for me. Nice, simple, delicious. I am a huuuuuuuge fan of cooked fish eggs, and these guys are 3/4 eggs! Bf, however, took a bite, made a face, and refused to eat any more. SOFT SHELL CRAB was good. A good amount of fried crab. Wouldn't order it again, but I do recommend trying it!The GRILLED MARINATED MAKEREL was disgusting. The salty miso taste (from the marinade) + the fishy makerel taste + the charred grill taste = no bueno. We tried the BEEF TONGUE SKEWER and the CHICKEN WING SKEWER and decided we'd order more if we liked it. The beef tongue wasn't bad, though more chewy than tender. The chicken wings were disappointing; it came with two tiny ones, and the flavor was nothing to write home about. Did not end up ordering more. We also ordered a roll off the wall that was pretty good. EEL KAKIAGE TEMPURA ROLL (4pc). I'm not sure what vegetables were fried in the kakiage, but that's what made the roll special and gave it that nice crunch. The roll is TINY compared to the huge portion of eel and tempura on top of it!! My bf told me to give this place only 1 star, we left that unhappy. I do think it deserves more because it had a couple awesome dishes. If I came and ordered 5 plates of tar tar yellowtail, I would give the place an A+. But overall, the bad out-shined the good.
2	I had been itching for a while to go back to Ichiza after several years. The atmosphere is very lively, with lots of noise. The menu is pretty limited, so you will probably have to get up and look at the rest of the 4,000 items on the wall (many repeated, with very poor description). My husband and I decided on a couple of items:Tuna roll- tuna was mediocre and not completely cold, and the cucumber was definitely not ripe.Deep fried tofu salad with spanish mackerel- The tofu was cooked inconsistently, with some pieces being hot and the others cold. The hot pieces where delicious, but the cold ones... not so much. The salad was drowned in peanut dressing, making it almost soup like. It was topped by very salty mackerel  which overpowered the whole plate. Stir fried beef tongue- The garlicky marinade was delicious but the tongue was definitely chewy and somewhat undercooked (which definitely did not help the texture). Pork skewer with onion- nicely cooked with good garlic marinade. What you would expect out of a Japanese skewer.Normally we would order more but I was pretty disgusted by the salad so I left it there. I really wanted to like this place. Maybe I just didn't order the right dishes but the cooking techniques did not convince me and I was actually kind of grossed out. Will not be back unless accompanied by a pro!
4	Arguably the most authentic Japanese eatery/ izakaya in the Sin City. I don't really drink but I like izakaya food very much - the small portion is the charm as you can try many different things in one single meal. Their poki tuna/tofu salad is my favorite.  Their yakitori and grilled dishes are very good as well - grilled beef tongue, anyone? This place is not like the usual Americanized "Japanese" restaurants, so think twice before you bring your colleagues/customers to this place.Anyway, for me, authenticity matters - it helps me survive the insanity of Vegas. Also this place is off the Strip, so price is very reasonable.
4	Ever since I moved to Vegas, all I've heard from friends mouths is "Ichiza this.. Ichiza that.." and I am so glad I, finally, got a chance to samps (sample) the food!Funny thing is I went there on a busy Friday night and ran into 2 different groups of friends that rave to me about this spot. Ordered the cold tofu, kim chee fried rice, hamachi sashimi, tuna sashimi, pickled veggies, etc etc. And even though we ordered all this from the menu, there were soooooooooooOOOOoooo much more to order on the walls...too bad we weren't near the walls, nor could we read Japanese =(This is a place where you can try new things everytime and prolly still not have tried the whole menu......yes, there is THAT much things to order.Regardless this place didn't fail all the rave reviews. Except the pickled veggies..yucky!!!Almost forgot to mention that they are opened late....not 24 hours but, late enough for some drunken grindz.
4	Super good! Really authentic. Yellow tail tar tar is BOMB. I think I'm going to have to come here every time I'm in Vegas.
4	We set a reservation for 6 and the place was not too crowded when we arrived on a Wednesday night.  The tofu salad was terrific.  The yellowtail tar tar is not to be missed. I really enjoyed the udon noodle soup which came with three bowls so we could share. We finished with the honey toast which is simple and delicious.  With the late night hours I fear we might become regulars.
5	If you are in Vegas and yelping for a place to eat, do yourself a favor and stop looking, Ichiza has now entered your life. And I am just a little bit jealous that you get to experience this place for a 1st time and alas, I will never have the opportunity to lose my Ichiza "virginity" again. Maybe if someone to smack me with a cast iron skillet in the head? Willingly, please?!? Due to the evolving menu and enourmity of it, I wont delve too deeply into individual dishes here. The menu is based on that days purchases and is updated throughout the night as things are written in chalk all over the walls...... Dozens and dozens of daily specials on top of the regular menu. While the menu fare is excellent, the real stars are the specials on the walls. Corn butter. Yes, oh my god, corn butter. Luscious and tender Pork belly in a delcate miso. Home made spring roll unlike any other "springroll" youve ever had. Seriously. Did I mention corn butter?The food here is so simple and delicious that one would think that they were complex after all, just miso and a piece if pork couldnt taste that good on its own...in style, the food is almost a japanese version of tapas, whereas dishes are generally smaller, tasting portions rather than huge entree plates. These are meant to be sampled throughout the night during glasses of beer and shoju..... The atmosphere is inrimate yet loud, as the space is small and always full. Located off the strip and in a medium sized mall known as Las Vegas' Chinatown, this easily outdoes 98% of the other dining experiences in an already highly gifted food mecca. Trust me, go and reward yourself... And be adventurous here, try a few new things. Food is the star here, you can keep your Elton and Celine.
5	Thank you, Yelpers. You saved me from so much stress during the week of my destination wedding!  My mom is a tough one to please, and she gave me the task of finding restaurants for all the different groups of guests flying in for the wedding from Asia, Europe, and all over the U.S. She wanted it to be affordable, unique, and delicious. We tried Ichiza the second night we were in town, and we were hooked. We went back the next night, and then hosted two more dinners there with large groups of 10 and 12. Later, my mom went back to buy take-out for my family. So for FIVE meals, Ichiza was amazing. Favorites included the tofu and tuna sashimi salad, soft shell crab roll, seafood quesadilla, jalapeno fried rice, natto with okra, uni in ponzu, yellowtail tar tar, miso cod, and the beef tongue and liver skewers. But dang, it was hard to find all this good stuff on the hand-written menus everywhere. You've got to get over it and just stare over the heads of other diners to read them. No fear!Even though there was a 30 minute wait the first night, they were great about reservations for large groups. Food came out F-A-S-T, the waitresses were sweet, and now I think my mom wants to live there.I've been to izakayas in Tokyo, New York, and L.A., and I heart Ichiza.
4	everytime i come to vegas i try to make a stop here. it's definitely worth the trip off the strip and the long wait for a taxi to come pick you up.grilled rice balls mm...tofu and tuna salad..light and freshmy friends love the buttered clamsthe homemade pork gyoza were okgrilled corn, sweet crunchy and tastywagyu beef carpaccio was all gobbled downsundried squid chewy tasty goodnessthe stewed pork with egg was a huge disappointment, it was dry and looked like it had been chilling for awhile, flavor was ok thoeggdrop soup was very rich and large.. yumschicken karaage was  battered fried goodnessfriend baby octopus, my friends liked it my favorite is the honey toast dessert, so simple yet so damn good
2	Food: 3 stars, service: 2 stars, price: 3 stars.The food was decent. Compared to our izakaya & yakitori experiences, this was a disappointment. We tried most of recommended dishes: breaded calamari, breaded octopus, yellowtail tar tar, breaded quail eggs, braised pork belly, Kim Chi fried rice, beef tongue & chicken skewers, and miso black cod. We attempted to try their honey toast.There were no real "wows" in our meal. The best dishes were the cod, tar tar, and Kim chi fried rice.As for the service, I was very unhappy since the beginning. We mentioned to the host that we were in a hurry and trying to get our friends to the airport. He insisted it will only be a 10 wait minute. Well we waited 20min. Once seated, our dishes were dirty. Even though there were 4 of us, only 3 plates, bowls, waters were served. Then lastly, we ordered the "recommended" dessert, honey toast. But after 10 minutes, we were starting to think they forgot and upon inquiring, we realized that they didn't even put in the order and it was going to take another 10-15 minutes to finish. I'm sorry but did we say we were in a hurry. I like the idea of late dining options here, but I will definitely not be returning due to the poor service and mediocre dishes.
4	Okay, I'll admit it: I consider myself somewhat of a "foodie". There are very few things I love more than a good meal and I'm definitely what some people would refer to as an "adventurous eater". While I've eaten at my fair share of places in Las Vegas, none had been able to satisfy my inner Anthony Bourdain. That is, until a good friend of mine introduced me to Ichiza during one of our weekly dinner excursions.Having spent a considerable amount of time in Japan, I'm pretty familiar with izakaya-style dining so I had an idea of what to anticipate. What I didn't expect was the level of authenticity the restaurant delivered, not only in ambiance but also the food. We were given a regular menu but any good izakaya-vet knows the magic really happens on the wall. It was refreshing to see items on the menu that are unlike any other Japanese restaurant I've been to in Vegas; Miso black cod, beef tongue, octopus in wasabi? Definitely a dream come true for someone so into unusual and uncommon foods. Try the eel karaage tempura roll and the honey toast,  two of the best things I have consumed. Ever. I've been back several times now and have taken numerous friends to Ichiza and have never been disappointed. The service has always been wonderful and the waitstaff very friendly and helpful. Once in awhile there's a bit of a wait to get in, as the place is very small and always packed (just another testament to how great the cuisine is) but it's definitely worth it. Why let something as trivial as a ten minute wait rain on my eating escapades?
5	really good, reasonable price, and authentic looking japanese bar. lines too long tho so yeh that sucks.
1	Back in February I was in Vegas and was recommend Ichiza. When my wife and I went it was a simple, yet packed, sushi house that seemed to have good quality food. However, when I ordered a beef bowl they literally made me wait 20 minutes before I got it. The attendants kept passing by and smiling, but no food. Finally I quietly asked one of the servers of the status and I could see that they had forgotten the order (sigh... w/e it happens) What kills me about it is the fact that when I got my order, it had a sharp piece of plastic that looked like someone "broke" a plastic bowl and stuck it in the middle of the bowl. I was just about to scoop it up too.I let the attendant know, who didn't seem to care about the long wait, and then they asked if I wanted  a new one. (WTF?!) I said, no thanks.I let my wife finish and was already making designs to make this post when what seemed like the owner came in and began to make a large and obvious fuss about the whole ordeal.I told him, please don't bother I'm ok... I just want to pay and get out. He leaves and has the cook make another one... *sigh* I just wanted to leave ... He makes sure to make me know that the cost wasn't applied to the bill and he put it in a to go container and kept handing it to me. I was really getting upset at this point and my wife grabbed the meal and we left... I get that the dude wanted to make amends, but seriously dude... Can you respect that I just wanted a quiet resolution of not adding it to the bill?
4	I have wanted to try Ichiza for quite awhile. We finally went about three weeks ago. Since then I've been there twice and my wife has been at least 4 times. Needless to say, we are now fans.The first time I went we had:Udama-age: deep-fried breaded quail eggsTar tar yellow tailKushi-tan: beef tongue skewersGarlic chicken gizzardOshinko: Japanese pickled veggiesWasabi octopusSanta: sushi roll with tuna and spinachHoney toast: loaf of bread with honey and ice creamEverything was very good. My favorite was the Santa which had a nice balance of flavors.The second time we went we had:Spider roll Eel kakiage tempura rollAgedashi tofuSweet peppers Chicken wingsOcha-zuke with salmonDeep-fried garlicEverything was very good the second time around as well.My favorite thing about Ichiza is the wide array of items to try. I love trying new things and could go back several more times, order several items, and still never repeat an item.
4	I love this place for a certain favorites.Whenever I venture out though, I'm like ehhh. So my top reccommendations include; the eel kakiage tempura roll, the Kaku-ni (deeply boiled diced pork belly with egg), the Ichiza's Ramen DX (ramen with pork belly and half egg), and the Tofu Salad with tuna sashimi.Get the honey toast once....just to try the hype.I love sweets, but I don't crave this like crack food that others make it out to appear.
4	Great food! I asked my friend for restaurant recommendation in Vegas, and this place was one of her recommendations. After I checked out the Yelp reviews and pics of their food, I told myself i must check it out.Their food was so yummy! I enjoyed everything i tried there, especially pachinko, uni mochi & the honey toast. (actually i made sure I had room for the honey toast as dessert when I ordered, cos those honey toast pics on Yelp looked so good!). The reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 was that it's hard to order from their menu.. more special dishes were posted on the wall, and I found it a bit difficult to know what i wanted... Guess what my hubby & I did?? we picked food from the pics posted on Yelp and showed the pics to the waitress :P It worked so well! If you do not know / are not good at Japanese, you may wanna check out the pics first... I saw a couple just sat down and couldn't make orders and just left.. another couple just sat there for a long time having difficult time to pick food, and finally their friend (who happened to be there too) gave them suggestions.
4	After deciding against dining here with my friends because of the long wait, I came back with my family the next day, and have to say it was worth it. Yummy food at reasonable prices. The longer I sat in the restaurant the more I kept planning my return visit, as I kept finding new things I wanted to try on the walls. I had the ramen (excellent) and the chicken and egg bowl (also tasty) but my favorite dish that night was my mom's fried rice: Amazing! Well that is other than the Honey Toast - Don't skip dessert :)
5	Great Japanese tapas. We tried almost everything there and there was nothing that was bad. Everything was delicious and very authentic. My favorite was the garlic chicken gizzard. YUMMMY in my tummy!
4	Arrived here after watching a movie with the boyfriend. We were able to get a table once we got in because two people had just left.AMBIANCE:Place was packed and the entire staff was pretty busy. This is a good sign for anyone if you want to know if it's gonna be worth your time and money.FOOD:Got their pork cutlet musubi, wagyu beef, beef bowl, and honey toast.Pork cutlet musubi-inside the cutlet there was cheese, which made it really good for me, on top there was sliced cabbage and an egg, the egg's yolk wasn't fully cooked so I didn't eat it, I should've mentioned that to the waitress. The pork itself was tender and cooked just right.Wagyu beef-You got four thin strips with spring and white onions swimming in some sauce that I don't know. real pricey $8.50 for one order but it was the best out of all we orderedBeef bowl-meat was very tasty! Also tender and the rice that came with it added to a nice flavor that I enjoyed very much.Honey toast-practically everyone here ordered this, and now I know why...because it is awesome! The ice cream and honey together was delicious! The bread was soft and tasty as well.SERVICE:They failed on this one when it came to getting the waitress to notice us when we wanted her to take our order. That waitress passed by several times before she acknowledged that we were there with menus, staring at her. However this did changed after we got our food, they made sure our drinks were full and cleared the empty plates.This is a cool place to eat some real good Japanese food, especially when the people next to you are Japanese! You know it's that good!
5	This place is unique... the cuisine is similar to Japanese Tapas. Try the bacon wrapped asparagus, beef tongue skewer (trust me), Pork wrapped Gobo, tempura asparagus and some sake bombs. What's even more amazing is the price!
3	We liked Ichiza, just not overly so.  We had wasabi octopus, shrimp and eggplant, spinach and straw mushrooms, spicy tuna roll.   The spicy tuna roll was standard issue, the other dishes were more inventive and tasty, maybe a bit twee for the money.   We've been to Tokyo a few times, by no means have tasted everything, but the food at Ichiza seemed to lean more to Thai than Japanese, and the kind of Thai we could get more of for less money elsewhere. like the shrimp with eggplant in spicy sautee. So we expected Japanese but got what seemed more Asian fusion, tasty but again, worth the money?  Service was adequate, meaning dirty dishes stacked up and sat for a bit, the pleasant but indifferent servers had to be flagged down for pretty much everything, though at this afternoon hour we were pretty much the only customers.   We might go back again when in Vegas, but there are plenty of very good Japanese restaurants near Ichiza that we'd likely consider returning to, and plenty of other Asian restaurants in the neighborhood worth trying.
5	Best Yakitori Place I've tried ever...Great price.Stayes open late. But the best part really was the dessert...I just love the Soymilk pudding.
4	Love this place have very good food and price is reasonable, great service. Fun place
5	This place has some good yakitori like beef tongue, spicy chicken. Also try tartar yellowtail, crispy chowmein noodle, pork kimchi. Good place for late night dinner, 15-20 mins wait is well worth it.
3	Really Good! Until a baby cockroach crawled across our table... Yeah, a little gross, but let's not kid ourselves here and think that only the filthiest of filth have infestation problems. It happens in many places. Roach aside, I'd come back here over Raku any day.
5	Okay, for real people, I never thought I'd find such a gem in Vegas! Our friends invited us to Ichiza and boy were we pleasantly surprised. Back in Hawaii izakaya eateries are common, being heavily influenced by Japanese culture and all, so I did not expect a GOOD authentic izakaya restaurant like this, in Vegas! I honestly loved the food and atmosphere and would not hesitate to eat here again and again.Anyway, we ordered a ton of food. No nigiri sushi here, or at least the night we visited, but the sashimi and grilled items were so delicious. I won't list everything but these were my faves: beef tataki, hamachi sashimi, pork belly w/ shiso skewers, red snapper carpaccio, miso butterfish, pork ramen, grilled garlic, and shiokara. There was so much more from the menu that I wanted to try but I could not fit any more food in my tummy!Prices are really reasonable compared to other izakaya-style places I've been to. And the cozy atmosphere made me feel right at home. It was a busy night, but the waitresses were really friendly and helpful. Will see you soon, Ichiza!
2	What I love about this place is that it opens late.And that's about it. After that everything goes downhill from there. The food was okay, but I have had better from other izakaya places in the OC, like Honda-ya or Shinsengumi. The service was bad, the couple that came in 15 minutes after my husband and I had placed our order actually got their food before us. And they messed up our order too. We were served the wrong ramen and our server kept looking at her colleagues at the counter to see if she should be serving us our spider roll. And she kept putting down the plate and picking up the plate. THRICE. -_-When we asked for the bill, I noticed that someone had tried to add a spider roll to our order, but it was canceled before the bill was given to us. And that was when the spider roll was the first item on a two item order.So never again Ichiza. You guys messed up!
4	Crowded, good food, reasonable prices.This place is packed, always. We've been once and tried a ton of stuff, but have tried to go back on 4 occasions only to not find parking. But what we have experienced makes it worth trying.  Just plan on a painful parking and possibly a wait (small place). This is located on the second floor in this shopping mall.
4	I really like Ichiza.  The food didn't blow me away like a few other Japanese bar-like restaurant food I've tried before, but were still pretty delicious.  We puzzled over many menu items and the large number of posted special menu items.  It added to the characteristic and "fun" factor for a small restaurant like Ichiza.  We enjoyed the grilled squid, the pork belly, and stir fried beef tongue.  The garlic chicken gizzard was tasty, but wished it was cut a bit bigger than the mini little chunks.  I would definitely come back to Ichiza again next time I visit Vegas!
5	This is by far my favorite restaurant in vegas....so far! I've been looking high and low for a good izakaya here and when my friend took me to this nice hole in the wall, i was instantly in love! My favorite dishes were the beef tongue skewers and the squid-natto-uni roll!!! Not only were the dishes to die for, the service was great! The restaurant was packed but our server was on it! I'd highly recommend this restaurant for those who love izakaya!
3	Why the three stars? Well in order for me to give an accurate review and rating, I'd actually have to eat here. Lol. This check in was a mistake, but I thought it would be appropriate to explain. A friend and I actually planned to come here for dinner, but when we got there it was a full house, not to mention the waiting list. Seeing that our wait would have been over an hour we opted out to try it out another time. We went downstairs to eat somewhere else and I clicked Ichiza. Whoops. But judging at how busy this place was, I CAN'T WAIT to give this place a try.
4	Thumbs up for preparing a reservation for 26 people when their restaurant only probably fits 50 or so.This is a great authentic Japanese izakaya off the strip. The prices are very reasonable and the food is solid.There are a gajillion dishes you can choose from and all were pretty damn good.Great way to get off the strip and order non overpriced food.They also didnt get pissed off at us when the birthday candles apparently were like fireworks and sparking everywhere. Their service is great.
4	Dude.. I just love Ichiza.Like, really?This place is your go to stop for authentic Japanese Izakaya. If it's Japanese food you're looking for, Ichiza is the place to be. Unfortunately, I'm a broke college student that can't afford to just try everything on the menu but in my opinion I've had quite a decent variety of the items offered on Ichiza's menu. Things like their DX ramen and beef bowl, their cheese stuffed chicken katsu and dice cut steak with ponzu sauce, and of course their HONEY TOAST!Of course, like any good Izakaya, they have their specialty items plastered all over the restaurant so you kind of have to walk around to find the real gems that Ichiza has to offer and sometimes it gets difficult considering the signs are wearing off and they're getting pretty difficult to read.. (hence the missing star)For an outsider, this place is less 5 minutes off the strip driving so I say if you couldn't drive here.. You were just making up excuses.Go forth and get your Ichiza on fellow Yelpers!
4	I have been to Ichiza twice and I am still at a loss for words.  It's not that I didn't love the food (I did)... I think it's that I can never remember what I ordered. The menu is so vast that they have enough items to wallpaper the entire restaurant (which they do). As I said, I honestly can't remember most of the items I've tried. I pretty much closed my eyes and pointed at random items on the menu. I wish I could take the time to walk around the restaurant and see what else they offer but was too shy to do so.Some of  the dishes I remember are their miso mackerel, crab fried rice and grilled squid. Everything is very reasonably priced which is wonderful because you can order a lot of food without remorse.The first time I went with a large group. I made the reservation for 6:30 pm and they warned me beforehand that another group is scheduled at 8:00 pm so we would need to be done by then. The waitresses kept reminding us over and over again that we needed to be out of there by 8 and hurried us to place our orders so it kind of dampened the mood. Other than the not-so-subtle rushing, service was okay. The second time I went here, service was better. Probably because it was a Monday night and there were only four of us.Both times I have been here, it was jam packed. That's how you can tell how popular this place is. Reservations are highly recommended especially for groups. Next time I'd love to sit at one of the low tables where you take off your shoes and sit on the floor for a more authentic experience.I like to take out-of-towners to Ichiza to show them another side of Las Vegas that isn't a casino buffet. They offer good food for really cheap. I keep forgetting to save room for the famous Honey Toast that I keep hearing about so I'll be sure to order that next time.
3	Went there on a Tuesday night. It was busy but no wait for counter seating. The place is a hole in the wall and doesn't feel clean. We ordered the crab fried rice, salmon skin salad, grilled squid, mountain yam with seaweed salad, and a variety of Yakitori including beef tongue. Nothing really stood out. Our neighbor ordered a yellowtail sashimi which actually looked better than all our dishes. The most tasteless were the Yakitori/skewers. No special sauces thus quite bland. The best dish was the grilled squid. Left rather unsatisfied.
4	We love Ichiza and go almost every time we're in Vegas.  We always order a ton of food.  Everything is always delicious, but I  love the chicken tatsuta-age and the kimchee fried rice.  It's always busy and there is often a wait, but it's definitely worth it.
2	Oh snap, I just gave a 2-Star Review. Sorry, but I am not a fan of Ichiza. I realize many people will probably stare me down in disgust, but I will not be held to liking a place just because so many others do. Perhaps I am just not on board with the traditional Japanese dining experience this place supposedly offers. I am not a fan of the menu on the walls. Why can't I get a menu? They are hindering those of us who happen to have prescriptions, but sometimes do not like to wear our glasses for a night out, as was my case on the night I went here. I went with a friend for her birthday (and I was picking up the bill, hurray!). She had been here many times before me, so I let her lead the way. First off I was incredibly disappointed with their service from the get-go. They offered us a table, but let us know that the table would be needed in about an hour for a large party that was coming in. Um, okay, then why offer us the table? Why not put us on a wait list for a table that is not going to be needed? ANYWAY, we figured we wouldn't take over an hour to eat since it was just the two of us and we were starving, so we took the table.I had no idea what to order, and especially since I do not know Japanese food that well, the menu was a little scary for me. I mean, I am very apt to try things I've never heard of, but the server wouldn't even come around to explain some dishes. My friend ordered us a pretty decent salad. Something else that had a BUNCH of kimchee in it, which I quickly had a bite of and ignored. Lastly, we ordered the Honey Toast dessert, which I absolutely adored and ate half of because I had had barely anything for actual DINNER. Oh right - dirty silverware I had to have taken back and brought out to me, but waited for it for about 20 mins. This place is over-hyped and you can tell because it gets incredibly packed and very loud. The service is mediocre at best. All in all I would not make a return visit.
5	Came back for a second time and I've gotta bump up the stars! Food was beyond good this time (we tried all new dishes) and the service was better. We had to wait a little bit for a table, but as soon as we sat down the dishes started coming.  What we ordered:Ika-yakiBacon Wrapped MochiAssorted OnigiriSalmon Fried RicePork and Onion SkewersBacon and Gobo SkewersPotato Stir Fried with BaconDefinitely recommend the Ika yaki and bacon wrapped Mochi. Those are my all time faces. The rest were still good though. Oh yeah, no roaches this time!
5	I make it a point to eat here every visit to Vegas. Expect a good 2 hour wait however if you come during the prime times (before 9). I'd say around 10-11pm it's less crowded which makes it easy to grab a table.The food is simply delicious. I always get an assortment of their grilled items and their specials. You can never go wrong with their yellow tail tartare. I could kill 2 orders of that myself. Some other great items are their bacon wrapped mochi, The usual grilled items that I love are beef tongue skewers, chicken gizzard skewers, corn, garlic skewers. They have a huge selection of menu items all posted on their walls which all seem to be great. So if you're the adventurous type then give them a try, otherwise stick to the similarly delicious yet plain menu items.
3	A friend took me here late night after my 22nd birthday celebration and I've been a repeat visitor every since.  My favorite things to eat in this small place are: honey toast (toasted tower of bread with honey drizzled all over and vanilla ice cream in the center), the chicken meatball skewers, and the infamous beef bowl (strips of beef over rice with carrots, green onion, ginger, with a light yummy broth at the bottom of the bowl).  The prices aren't bad either with the things I usually order never costing more than $10.  My only gripe about this place is that they have tons of special dishes that are featured all over the walls of the restaurant, so if you don't see something that you like on the menu you have to scour the photographs on the wall for a dish.
4	Went here with my attorney.  I'd call it Japanese comfort food.  Yes the menus are on the walls but they also will actually hand you a menu.  The drinks are good and I loved the ramen!  Be adventurous and try something outside your comfort zone.
5	This place is awesome. I've had my share of Japanese food here and in Hawaii and I'm actually surprised to say that this is the best. The food here is fresh (especially the fish!) and they can make pretty much whatever you want. I love coming here and ordering something new pretty much every time. They also have decent prices for their food which isn' too expensive and their drink prices are pretty reasonable. The only down side to this place is that it gets pretty packed even on weekdays. One time I came here the hostess actually skipped over our names on the waiting list and we ended up waiting for 2 hours! The 2 hours was worth it for some really good food but hey, it was 2 hours of waiting outside of the restaurant.If you go here you MUST HAVE the honey toast. If you haven't had it before, you're probably thinking Honey Toast? Honey and toast can't be all that great, can it? Well I'm here to tell you that yes it is. Don't forget to save room for it.I've yet to try better authentic, decent priced, Japanese food here in Vegas.
3	Mixed review with the family my son and wife ordered ramen. They said the that Monta was better ... I tried the ramen wasn't bad ... My daughter ordered Salmon steak and shrimp tempura bowl. That was really good. I only ordered sushi and i enjoyed it as well, every thing was fresh and service was crazy ... very bzy...we waited 30 minutes. They do take reservation and will do that next time. I did take a 1 photo of the sushi i ordered was really good. I will post it today. Please give this place a chance but i would order sea food here not the ramen.
2	pros: open late, friendly service, lots of choicescons: food was below average, had to look all over the place to see what they offerordered: wagyu beef carpacio, hamachi sashimi, fried quail eggs, japanese beef patty, crab fried rice, uni in ponzo, cheese egg rolls, honey toast
4	One of my favorite places in Vegas and definitely one I frequent.Pretty much always busy especially later on at night/morning. Expect to wait if you're there friday or Saturday night but the waits never really that long. Most of the items are really good. Definitely order off the walls. Some of my favorites are the hamachi kama (yellowtail collar), salmon belly, red snapper carpaccio, beef tongue, fried quail eggs, yellowtail tartare, ramen with char-sui, chicken intestine, and the pork or shrimp shumai. Theres a ton of other menu items and they keep adding more.Definitely don't leave without the honey toast!Great ambiance, friendly staff and good casual vibe. Prices are also very reasonable so you can definitely go as big or little as you want. You really feel as if you are in a Japanese pub.
4	Came here just looking for something to do on a busted clubbing night in Vegas, and this place made my weekend!  Set humbly and inconspicuosly on the 2nd floor of a small plaza off of Spring Mtn Rd, this Japanese styled beer house has the rustic wooden furnishings & even a large table with cushions and the signature no-shoes policy for the larger groups in the back.This izakaya is serving up an endless (no seriously, 100+ items not on the menu line the walls here) combination of grilled and fried delicacies.  My group seemingly tried everything from traditional items like the yakitori & beef tongue skewers, pot stickers, cold ramen, beef bowl, to the more modern fare like the seafood quesadilla, and the deep fried zucchini w/ bacon and mozzerella cheese.  The more friends and fam you have to eat and drink with, the merrier, as my 4 cousins and I were able to shamelessly order dish after dish of great drunk munchies. And washing it all down with ice cold Kirin served on tap made this yelper one satisfied customer.  I'm a fan. You should be too.
4	Been here my 3rd time. I love the setting where you can sit low to the ground with your bar feet. Also love how the menu are all posted on the wall. Although it's kinda hard to see everything. The food meet my expectation! I accidently order the wrong thing but it turns out great. Beef Tataki something, under the appetizer, highly recommended. It's like raw beef, which is so good and chewy! The crispy pork chop with eggs and cabbage is also very good. Don't order the beef bowl unless you like your rice to be somewhat sweet. For those sweet tooth lover, try the toasted bread with the ice cream in the middle. I also love how their tea smell so good, which is tricked is from burned rices.
5	For those of you who lived in Japan, I gotta tell you, this is as close as you can get to "authentic" Japanese. I lived in Japan for 8 years. Trust me, its the real deal! None of that "teriyaki this, teriyaki that". Say goodbye to mediocre Manchu-Wok and Panda.My suggestions are the beef tataki, crab fried rice, spicy chicken, ANY of their eel dishes, and wash it down with a nice Kirin. Oh and I cant forget the infamous HONEY TOAST. The menu that they give you is pretty much an American menu, the good stuff is on the wall. Look around and try something new!
4	Everytime I am in Vegas, this is one of must go restaurant.  Food is excellent!  Always a full house here.  be sure to call for reservation before you go.
4	Good food. Excellent service!
4	The 5 top things I got to say about this place:#1  The food's great for when you're sober and when you're...not sober!#2  Perfect end-of-the-night destination.#3  Check out their sake menu (nigori is always good).#4  There may be a wait...but that's a good thing!#5  Not for you if you have an overly discerning palate for sushi or ramen, don't hate. I've lived in Vegas for years, but only found this place in the last year or so, definitely my loss.  I tend to either start the night here before venturing out to the strip to party or end a good night out with friends with a good atmosphere and delicious food.This place is a good fit for both those less familiar with Asian dining (a good dose of something new) and those more than used to Asian restaurants.  No matter who you are, get the beef tongue!One last note is to keep you head up (there's tons more to order all over the walls) and talk to people!  It's an open and friendly environment, if you see your neighbor eating something that looks good, POLITELY lean over and ask what it is.
5	Best Japanese restaurant  in west coast, My wife and I go there twice in a month, Great chefs and waitress ,Fantastic food, AWESOME!!!!!
4	I have spent time in Okinawa, and Ichiza is a close to authentic as I have seen in the states.  I actually asked the waitress to make some suggestions. 1. I would never have thought to get the Buckwheat noodle salad, but am very happy that she recommended it.2. The yellow-tail sushi was very good, and good portions.3. I don't recall what the name was, but the fried zucchini/mozzarella/bacon app. was great!4. The tuna tartar was excellent.5. The beef carpaccio was excellent as well.I definitely look forward to going back for the Honey Toast!  I was too full to get it this time!Bon Appetit!
5	There are three things I think make a restaurant awesome or not:1- How good is their food?2- How good is their service?3- Is the place cool?1-I love the food at Ichiza. It's so good! I can personally tell you that of all the food I've had at Ichiza, I've never been dissatisfied. I can recommend a few things to you that I love, that I hope you'll love too: Deep-fried California roll, Dragon roll, Tar-tar yellowtail, and beef tatake. Seriously, those things serve as the foundation for everything else. I always order that for me and my party, then we add other things on top of that to build a feast. Also, you should know that when they say something is spicy, it's not really too spicy. At least that's my opinion. Also, honey toast: honey toast is one of the best things I've ever had in my life. I don't think you can find a human on earth who could resist this. 2-The service here is pretty good. I don't think it's as good as some of the higher-end restaurants on the Strip, but it's still good. My water cup was never empty, they cleared things really quickly, and they were really good about answering all my lame questions. Plus, the girls who work there seem to get along well. I don't know if that factors into this, but I think it does. Also, the sushi chefs are cool guys. They mostly keep to themselves because they're so busy, but they're good about answering questions and stuff (even better if you share some sake with them!) and guiding you. 3-This place is awesome. I've been to a few places in Chinatown, and no place matches the environment here. From the girls who say goodbye and thanks in unison, to the menu plastered on the walls, to the fact that this place has young, awesome, fun clientele... this place owns. The atmosphere is just really geared toward a good time and good dining experience. Plus, the place closes at 4am! I think the kitchen closes at like 2:15am, but still. This place is popping up until that point. As a matter of fact, I think the cool kids get there at like 11pm. I had a light dinner here with three other people the other night, and I can tell you that it was a deal: some rolls, sake, soda came out to $50. It was a value, but I've spent as much as $200 here when it's been a more party-like dinner. It's definitely a good deal, though. They don't offer an AYCE option, but it's fine. Of all the sushi places I've been to either in Las Vegas, Los Angeles, or San Diego, Ichiza is up there. The only place in Vegas where I think the food MIGHT be better is Yama Sushi.All in all, I can't say enough good things about this place. I really think you should check it out, and let me know so we can meet there and do an impromptu Yelp! thing, yeah?
5	I am a huge fan!  I love this place, it is so perfect that it was my first date!  We got in a little later in the evening, but they were still busy.  They have great prices and staff.  Their food and combo are above expectations.I was never a fan of sushi before I walked in this place.  Thank you Ichiza!!!!!!
4	Overall the best homestyle Japanese food in Las Vegas. Very authentic, and huge menu selection. Points deducted for the place being dirty (You'll want to wash your jeans after touching those chairs. Also, you might get a spec of rogue sesame seed from a previous customer on your plate).Still I'd recommend Ichiza to anyone who wants an authentic homey Japanese experience in Las Vegas.
5	why spend $$$ on the strip when you can eat all the goodness that Ichiza offers?! nothing fancy, but it's everything an authentic japanese izakaya should be. tips: get there early or make a reservation.order: the specials posted on the wall, anything with uni (if uni's your thing), and honey toast for dessert.
5	O.M.G. this place is SO frackin' good. I wish they had one in LA... :( I've been here a couple times when I visit my sister in Vegas, and every time, I fill myself to the point where I feel like I'm dying. -__- I can't help it!!The food is SO GOOD. I highly recommend the yellowtail tar tar, beef tataki, and their mushroom with butter sauce. (other foods i've tried is the grilled mackerel, tongue stew (my sister's favorite), and oyako-don. ALL are delicious. Last time I went my sister and I got about 7 dishes between us, and i SWEAR we practically polished the plates. The waitress came back with a look of disbelief on her face. HAHHAA. :P Anyways, I highly recommend you go here, it's very authentic and the service is SUPER friendly. :)Only complaint would be the additional menu being ALL OVER the wall. I want to try everything, but then, there's just way too many options, and then some are written only in japanese!
5	Yellowtail tar tar was ok.Beef tongue was good.  Very tender.KimChi fried rice was delicious!  But the main reason why I would come back to this place is the Honey Toast.  They toast the bread to perfection.  Then add honey and ice cream.  The combination of bread, ice cream, and honey was pretty good.
5	Best uni we had outside of Tokyo.
3	Hm.  Not sure about this place  Some of it was great.  Some of it was mediocre.  I preferred the options at Raku more, but there were still some nice dishes to be had here.The service is alright, but I didn't think it was cool that the Japanese family that showed up 25 minutes after us, got seated 10 minutes before us....  Without a reservation as far as I could tell.The wait can be long so be prepared.  I too believed all the hype that yelp made me believe.  But I don't think it was quite worth it this time.The seared salmon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nPiTwWEFr-VsePew7Sjg?select=6WgsEfcGiclb05ZG51avRg  was very tasty as was the honey toast http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nPiTwWEFr-VsePew7Sjg?select=XebPyNRUsR-OcZ61lfKjoQ .  Most of the other dishes were sort of plain.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nPiTwWEFr-VsePew7Sjg?select=4QXEYaL6v2HEIbqixT2tvwThe chicken skewers were alright. but the meatballs were pretty good.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nPiTwWEFr-VsePew7Sjg?select=X0gx3uofwH-JdZLwZEwXRAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nPiTwWEFr-VsePew7Sjg?select=41bpHen74LWHqo5fItDNZQGlad I came to try it out, but Raku will be my staple in Vegas.
2	There's something that always bothered me about Ichiza... I could never quite put my finger on it.The food is decent and the prices are fair. The environment is mediocre, but for Chinatown, it is fine. It always seems to be busy so maybe I'm just nitpicking?And then upon hearing that Ichiza (for the 3rd time since I can remember) had been shutdown for health code violations, it hit me: The staff does not give a ish about anything! There seems to be a lack of care by the staff and owners on the upkeep of Ichiza. Everything seems to be half-heartedly done. The food does not look or taste fresh and the restaurant needs to be maintained better. I heard they finally remade their menus, which is a sigh of relief. They used to have these mangled pieces of paper covered in laminate that was peeling apart. Classy.I suppose if you're looking for a cheap eat, stop by. If you're looking for a dining experience or great tasting food, pass. I've seen McDonalds employees more enthusiastic and prideful about their craft.
4	Great and yummy as ever.  The interior is decorated very true to Japanese tradition, service is friendly and consistent, menu has a variety for casual and adventurous eaters alike.For starters, I had the grilled pike fish, which I ordered accidentally but it was still tasty anyways, thankfully.  I helped myself to a dish of Smelt Fish which is probably my favorite dish on the menu.  Next, I had Fried Rice with mushrooms and veggies, and the sauce had a silky texture to it.  It was weird, but it didn't taste bad either.  Ended the night with some strawberry mochi and the bill came out to be about $40 for two people.  Very reasonable!The only con I would have is that the waiting time can be a little long.  I went there around 6:30pm and it wasn't very crowded, and yet it still took us about 15-20 minutes to get our first dish.However, the food is a yummy experience, and the location is just right off the Strip in Spring Mountain so it's a perfect place to eat before heading out to play in the night time.  Definitely one of my favorite joints to eat after I've been out all night.PRO: Service is great, food is awesome, vibe is energeticCON: Wait time for food can be a bit long
5	HOLY CRAP.. Ichiza is F***ING AWESOME!! Ichiza is what I see more as an izakaya compared to Miko's.. which to me is like a typical Japanese restaurant. Ichiza has that more bar-like feel and their foods are more like pupu type foods along with your typical Japanese dishes (Teishoku, ramen, etc). The boyfriend and I went around 6pm on a Saturday.. I was thinking might be busy but it wasn't. Lots of reserved tables though so we were seated at the bar on some wooden seats. For drinks, we ordered just the house sake and the bf got kirin. I should have gotten the calpico-soju! Next time..For foods we got:Beef Tataki - Tender rare beef drizzled with ponzu sauce and on the side there was onion, really minced up garlic and some pink stuff.. no idea what that was.. but all were good!Fried Natto Roll - WOW!! I was stoked to see how many natto dishes they had! I'm natto crazy! This was the first time ever coming across a fried natto roll. It was topped with some fresh raw ahi as well. SOOOOO GOOD!! My bf hates natto so I got to devour it all myself.Skewers- We got a few different skewers. -- Chicken yakitori & shishito peppers were pretty typical. Also, we got the bacon wrapped mochi! That was very interesting and I enjoyed it. But what wrapped in bacon isn't good?!Natto/Okra - I had to try this natto/okra which was pretty typical stuff.. wish it came with hot rice.. but hell, I love natto by itself as well. Slimey, stinky goodness! :]Tofu Salad - Delicious, soft tofu and ahi topped over salad greens and avo. The boyfriend and I both thought it needed more texture! It was all really.. soft. They used a little bit of romaine and mostly red leaf lettuce which doesn't have much crunch. Maybe some won-ton chips or something to counteract all the softness going on in there. Very yummy otherwise!We also got spicy tuna roll which wasn't anything spectacular compared to the other dishes.. the bf was just just craving some sushi. Overall, individual prices are not all that bad but they sure do add up! Especially whilst drinking! I was getting more hungry as we drank.. Between the two of us and drinks, we spent about $70. I made sure to fill out the survey after so I can get the frequent members card.. cause you can bet, I'll be returning again and again and again.
5	Had the pleasure to eat here again after a few years of not going to Vegas.We had the following:- Soft shell crab (excellent)- Tuna sashimi salad (very good)- Beef tataki (very good)- Uni with Mochi (EXCELLENT AND YUMMY!!!)- Green Tea ice cream (very good)- Honey Toast with ice cream (very good)We sat at the bar and had a great time, met a new friend, Glen Morikawa, had a beer and a few laughs!  The food is excellent and reasonably priced.  Our dinner was under $40 (including tip) for the two of us.If you're looking for an excellent Izakaya restaurant in Vegas, try Ichiza, you'll like it.  The staff is friendly and efficient.  The restaurant is small, so be prepared to wait if you go during busy times.Xie Xie!!!
4	food is amazing good!!! the uni & squid sushi, tonkatsu musubi, beef tataki, tuna taretare.. omg so good!! i lvoe this place and prices are awesome.. must always check out the special menu when you go in to try whats on it!!!
5	I'll admit I was confused at first when I was told the best sushi in LV could be found in Chinatown.  I thought sushi was Japanese ...But after eating here a couple times, I really don't care if the correct nomenclature is applied because the food is just so damn good.Rolls: Amazing!  And there are soooooo many to pick from!  The deep-fried California roll is super yummy.  The Rainbow roll is missing avocado ... All the other Rainbow rolls I've ever had included avocado, but the one at Ichiza was missing this CA favorite.  Still yummy though.Drinks: Everything from draft beer to plumb wine and soju drinks  ;)Wall menu: Branch out and pick a menu item off the wall.  Trust me, just do it.  Start with the tar-tar yellowtail.You might ask, "What's up with the menu stuff on the wall?"  To that I answer, "Who cares that the majority of the menu is on the wall?  It's all good, so pick something and eat up!"  I'm slowly making my way through the wall menu one visit at a time ...
5	If I could marry Ichiza, I would do it in a heartbeat and never look back. I know that sounds completey ridiculous but this restaurant is amazing. If you're ever in Vegas, you have to come here and eat.The food is amazing. They have an expansive menu that is posted around the entire restaurant. I could probably come back 100 times and never have the same thing each time.AMAZING EATS I'VE TRIEDtuna carpaccio black codbeef tatakifried chickenHONEY TOASTHonestly, I've been food drunk leaving here so I don't remember every delicious dish I've had but mostly everything is absolutely delectable. The worst thing I ate there was wasabi octopus. It sounded like a good idea at the time but raw octopus with tons of wasabi tastes worse than it sounds. I need to rave more about the genius dessert that is HONEY TOAST. As simple as it sounds, it is a heavenly combination of toast topped with vanilla ice cream drizzled with honey. I could eat one honey toast to myself. I could eat it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. If you come here, order one or two to be safe!
4	Good stuff.  The kim chee fried rice really is damn good.  Liked the yellow tail tar tar and tofu sashimi salad.I felt the honey bread was way overrated myself.  I'd prefer a good banana split any day.
4	IF YOU LIKE:_drinking (i.e. sake, beer...)_a variety of small-plated appetizers to share_a hip place to catch up with friends, relax after work with co-workers, late night hang outs..THEN THIS PLACE IS FOR YOU! Recommendations:_Buta-Kimchi (Pork and Kimchi stir-fry!!! whatt what!!)_Black-Cod Fish fillet (melts in your mouth, very buttery,..soo good!)_Yellow-tail sashimi (just threw it on the list cause i love sashimi and it was super fresh!!)_Honey Toast (warm toast drizzled with honey and condensed milk and a scoop of vanilla ice-cream! Heavenly!)Note:This place gets crowded. To avoid the wait, you can make reservations ahead of time.  There's a lot of items posted on the wall (in Japanese) that are not included on the paper menu (in English), so be sure to ask your waiter for recommendations, the day's specials, and etc!
4	Okay, overall pretty good. Selection is the strong it's strong point. The variety is staggering, so many dishes to choose from. But, they may be trying to do too many, taste wise it was okay. Natto w/ okra - nothing special, natto (fermented soybeans) with slices of okra. Could have bought natto from the market and sliced an okra to make this for 50 cents.Karaage - generous portions but there were bits of cartilage in some of the pieces. A bit bland -it's too bad. It would have been much better if they had marinated it before deep frying, as they should have. That's why they needed the dipping sauce for flavor.Saba Battera - props for having this on the menu. Try and find this at a Japanese restaurant. You'll have a hard time - it takes time to prepare correctly. The one here is very different from what I'm used to, don't know if this was a regional difference. This one had egg in it. I never saw this before - this is a first. Taste wasn't bad although the fish was a bit small - possibly a reason for the egg to add some favor. Also, the fish was soft, it should have been cured more. Also, The rice was slightly mushy. I may be nit picking because this is my favorite sushi and I do get to eat some very good ones. Gyutan (beef tongue) - okay but a bit tough. Pieces were a bit small on the skewerSea eel chirashi - more like a domburi dish. Basically, eel on rice. Had some egg to stretch it out. Tasted okay, but we make this all the time at home in 5 min.Crab salad wrap. - used real crab plus cooked tuna w/mayonnaise, piece of lettuce warped with half of a tortilla. Nope this one didn't work at all. Tortilla, old store bought, Texture and flavor of the tortilla was too much for the rest of the components. Won't order this one again. For me, it was okay. I wasn't excited when I left but neither was I disappointed. I gave it 4 stars because they are authentic and much better than most of the pseudo Japanese restaurants that abound.  They do have a ways to go to get to the level of the good ones that exist at this price. Will I be back? Maybe.
5	Ichiza is an amazing place !  The food here is excellent !  It also reminds me of many good Japanese pubs in Japan. We love to try many small dishes here, and never be disappointed.  Pick any dish posted on the wall, they are all delicious. Among my favorites are :-  seaweed with shrimp salad-  ikura and salmon salad-  eel kakiage tempura roll-  stir fry pork wirh kimchi-  deep fried rock fish with mushroom creamy sauce All are very very yummy !  Don't forget honey toast for dessert.
5	I seriously give way too many 5 star reviews.. but I wouldn't give it 5 stars if it wasn't "5 star worthy"!!!! Although it was quite pricey, the sashimi was so fresh! We ordered the fried squid mouth bone things and was so flavorful! We also ordered the beef tongue skewers which really was the highlight of the meal! JUST KIDDING, I take that back.. the highlight of the meal was the HONEY TOAST! Ahhh!!! Hot, fresh toast filled with decadent vanilla ice cream and topped off with drizzling honey... oh my goodness.. It was a party in my mouth. I will definitely be back each time I'm in Vegas :)
4	Ichiza is like stepping into another world. The inside is so nicely done that you forget that your just in chinatown Las Vegas. The prices are great so it's easy to try lots of different things on the menu. I went there with my boyfriend and a friend for his birthday. We got a lot of different things but the best were the beef tongue skewer, chicken meatballs, and the broiled mackerel. The miso ramen was really sweet but not to bad, Monta is better. The house sake was also really smooth, granted it was my first time having sake. Overall I want to go back and try other things and would suggest others to try it too.
4	My first visit was after Captain America's midnight showing at about 2:30am in the morning. They have the actual menu + the other "menu" on the wall all over. I'm told everything not on the menu is up on the wall. You could try going through the yelp photos and try some stuff if you haven't been here.This place is pretty well known since I've ONLY just been here (1st time). Many people like Honey Toast, but I feel like it's been so hyped up that it tastes like nothing special to me. I wouldn't ever order that on my own.However, I am interested in trying their various other stuff -- which would take forever since they have so many menu items. Slowly, maybe I will :b. Since their last call is at 3am, it'll be very convenient for me to drop by here when much of everything else is closed.Also, I had good service so that's ALWAYS a plus for me. If I had any questions, I felt comfortable asking the waitress since she seemed friendly.Finally, in terms of what I actually ordered.. I tried the Yellowtail Tartar, but I wouldn't order it again. There's 4 pieces and it reminds you of mini tacos. Coming here, I wouldn't recommend you trying that. And because I was still hungry after that, I grabbed a roll of spicy tuna before they closed, but that's a fairly known sushi item so no need to elaborate.
4	*4 stars* for their beef bowl and honey toast =)  ++ they're open late.  i like to think of this place as a japanese tapas bar =)
3	Another new establishment me and the honey had the pleasure of trying. Unfortunately, I'm only giving this place 3 stars because the menu's on the walls were a little intimidating, lol. While waiting for a table I browsed through yelp and come to read that what they had on the wall is in their menu too so no need to worry. But still I felt like I was going to miss out on something delicious. So I asked the hostess and our waitress what they recommended and took their advice. We had:*yellowtail tar tar* gizzard w/green onion (sorry I forgot the actual name of the dish)* squid (1 large piece just grilled)* beef carpaccio* eel on top of a california roll* honey breadTotal around $47The food was very yummy and just enough for a late night meal. Their food reminds me of pulutan. That's tagalog for to pick. Meaning food you pick on while drinking with your buddies. Did that sound right? Anyway, another fine place to take the homies to when they come to town.
5	Unlike any Japanese food you've ever had. This place isn't for sushi. If you come here be ready to experiment and try some strange sounding stuff. I reccomend the yellow tail tar tar (may not even be on the menu, just ask for it). The veggie tempura bowl is very very good value, as is the Kimchi fried rice. Don't get the fermented soybeans.
5	Attention all you goddamn retards, especially the morons bringing the rating down, stay away from Ichiza. It's obvious that you don't know what authentic Japanese food is because you are so used to the Americanized-California Roll-Terikayi-crap they serve at lesser establishments. If you cannot appreciate, then don't fucking rate. And seriously, don't go to an izakaya and order sushi. Such a travesty... That would be like going to Tony Roma's and ordering Tony's Asian Salad instead of their ribs! Order what they are supposed to be good for - Japanese tapas-style dishes. To do otherwise, is just plain stupid. Furthermore, an izakaya is not really supposed to be a place to eat dinner. While you can get full, it's a place where you go to fucking drink. Drink, as in bottles of sake since this is Vegas after all. In regards to the tapas dishes that are typically served at izakayas, they're actually supposed to compliment and enhance the drinking experience, not be the main attraction. Therefore, in that sense, Ichiza truly is an izakaya comparable to the ones that I experienced in Japan. It has great sake options, it offers a plethora of food dishes, and it is damn authentic. Sure the menus on the wall both pictured and unpictured can cause a headache, but that's how izakayas are supposed to be. It's part of the charm of experiencing something new and fresh during each visit. Also, you really shouldn't be comparing an izakaya to a Western restaurant experience. After all, you aren't on the Strip and this sure as hell isn't Kansas or the Grand Lux Cafe anymore.As for the food, in general, everything here is pretty good. I've ordered so many things during my visits that I can't begin to recall or describe what I ate. This amnesia was most likely brought on by the fact that I usually ended up becoming hammered from the sake by the time I left. However, from what I can recall, the food that I ordered and enjoyed are the grilled pike mackerel, the pork dishes, the ika-yaki (whole grilled squid), and the corn butter. And for the not so good, the various yakitori (skewers) were alright, the salted shrimp was meh, and the ramen was forgettable. While the long ass wait times are a nuisance, in my opinion, restaurants that are packed are the sure tell sign of something awesome happening inside. And I believe that the fun thing about Ichiza and izakayas as a whole is the thrill of discovering something new. But if you are not the explorative type, a general rule of thumb is to look at what the "Japanese" customers are eating and to tell your server, "Sumimasen, I want what they're having." In my book, Ichiza is as good as it gets.
5	I've been quite a few times since my first review. These is my highlight reel of the heavy hitting, ultra-delicious dishes I've been fortunate enough to sample.* Salmon Sashimi - gorgeous, fresh fish presented with a small branch of basil blossoms to accent your soy sauce and the fish itself. Buttery, sweet and supple, the fish is glorious on it's own, but the basil blossoms (replete with cute explanation & funny faces from your waitress) take it to the next level. Oiishi!* Deep Fried Soft-Shell Crab - I had a mini foodgasm after trying this. The crab is JUICY, popping and squirting all over the place as you attempt to dismantle the naughty little beast. Crunchy tempura-like batter on the outside, ridiculous, raunchy juiciness on the inside with a creamy aioli and a gingery sauce...I'm left wanting more. I never saw this, never thought to try it- but Yelp showed me the way. This is a MUST.   * Wagyu Beef Carpaccio  - Yes, you CAN eat beef raw, and this is one good way to do so. The slices are paper thin, dressed in a light vinegarette, with thin slices of onion and crispy garlic to add textural interest.   * Red Snapper Carpaccio - Little slices of lemon, adorned with a small mound of daikon shreds with an artful slice of red snapper sashimi cradling them and a light cloud of ikura eggs crowning their glory. Maybe 8-12 bite size portions, each one an experience worth having.* Kaku-Ni - Porkgasmic. If you're a fan of pork, then you've obviously got to be a fan of pork belly. This lil' piggy has been double boiled, kicking it into fall-apart tender submission. It's rich, it's absolutely porky, creamy, gelatinous and wonderful. It's amazing. Eat it!* Miso glazed, Grilled Cod/Butterfish - The fish is succulent, juicy and yes, buttery. The miso glaze isn't overpowering, adding instead a subtle briny umami to the already potently delicious fish. The skin is crispy. This is a great example of what grilled fish can and should taste like. * Takoyaki- Fried tako/octopus balls, yeah baby! An order comes with 4-8 of these little wonders. Crispy on the outside, gooey molten goodness on the inside with a chewy chunk  of octopus suspended in doughy lava, it's a magical experience lifted from the streets of Osaka. Watch the bonito shavings dance atop kewpie mayo, mystery sauce, and steaming hot balls...then pop one in your mouth!  Try not to burn yourself. I understand your enthusiasm, my dears. * Yellowtail Tar-Tare- delicious. If you like yellowtail, get this.Oh, I'm sure there's more I can add, but do I need to? This place is good. Go, get a pitcher of "beeru", pig out, and enjoy! Itadakimasu!!
5	Tired of Las Vegas buffet, and find this Japanese tapas place. It's so good.. A lot of items and I need to walk around to check all their special menu post on the wall. I havn'et get a chance to try their Honey Ice Cream, and I will definitely tried when i visit LV again.
5	BoomerangIchiza, to me is a contradiction.  It's a fun spot, but always packed, which in the summer means I've sweat off 10 pounds before my table's ready.  The seating can be tight and friendly, but sometimes the employees forget about me.  They have good food, but sometimes I get something meant for another table (and I eat it anyway, because, hell, I'm hungry from waiting).  All that would normally spell three stars from me.  But......before I get to my rating, here's what was right with Ichiza on my most recent trip:1.  Bacon wrapped mochi - My two favorite items in one sticky, savory mess. 2.  Sake marinated salmon - I could eat four orders with a bowl of rice and be a happy camper.3.  Baby bok choy - So simple, yet I can't replicate this at home.  This will make someone allergic to greens change their tune.4.  Agedashi tofu - Perfect texture and always executed well.5.  Grilled ika - Sometimes overcooked, but always tasty.6.  Geso age - These little baby octopi flash fried in an extraordinarily light batter makes my tummy smile and my mouth growl (when someone tries to take one from me).7.  Seared ahi belly - Not the most interesting dish, but def a pleaser.8.  Honey toast - Bread.  Honey.  Ice Cream.  Yum.I have no idea how much this stuff costs, all I know is that we're usually down at least a Benjamin by the time we're outta here.Oh, and add to that they have a good sake list.  Small, but they have stuff you can't really get at many of the other Japanese joints around Vegas.  So, back to my rating.  The wait can't be helped; they're small and people are always coming back for more.  Being forgotten is a huge negative in my book and something they really need to remedy.  Maybe it's just a function of how busy they are (in which case they need to hire more people), but I don't know.  However, the food is good and I usually get to try someone else's order to expand my taste buds. At the end of the day, I keep coming back for the food despite the shortcomings.  And that's kind of says it all, doesn't it?
4	It's one of the best Japanese places I've been and it's always busy when I go. Have to get their fried gizzards and tofu!
1	Food is good. But roach crawling on wall but disgusting. Service can be improved
2	I've been looking forward to dining here for months. Ichiza has come highly recommended by several of my foodie friends. When we arrived, we were greeted with...actually...we weren't greeted at all. I was asked my name by a very rude host/manager and then told it would be about 15-20 minutes. Ok, fine. When our table was ready, our very cordial maitre'd (detect the sarcasm) literally pointed at my girlfriend and directed us to the bar. Also, we weren't asked if we'd prefer a table or the bar, but if we were, I would've asked for a table. Oh well...still forgivable at this point. The server promptly arrived and brought our drinks. When she asked if we were ready to order, I told her this was my first time here and was hoping to get some recommendations. She didn't seem to care. She acted like she was busy, but really she was just looking forward to going to the side area and talking with her coworkers...which was in plain sight to us. Very rude. We ordered the grilled squid, grilled salmon belly, some kind of ramen dish, beef tongue skewers, a spider roll, beef tataki and yellowfish tartar. The star was the salmon...juicy and moist, with a little side of grated daikon to cut the fat. Everything else was just mediocre. I was very curious about this "honey toast" that I kept seeing being brought out to other tables, so I asked our lovely server about it. She said, "it's honey toast." and I replied, "yes, but what exactly is it?" and she said, "it's huh-nee toast." Thanks..really cleared it up for me. She was incredibly rude about it...like I was putting her out to do her job. So, after about 15 minutes of waiting on our final dish, the yellowtail tartar (which is a cold dish, mind you and should certainly not have taken that long), our frustration led us to cancel the final order and get out of there. Bottom line: mediocre, over rated food and a staff that thinks their stuff don't stink because they're popular and busy. I'm sorry that all my reviews are about bad experiences. I'll try to be better about that.
4	Like I said, I'm a fan of izakaya's - heard a lot of great things about Ichiza and since I frequent a few places back in LA, I had to try Ichiza. It reminds me a lot of the places I usually go to and the food is very similar - small portions to share that are very good. I've tried the agedashi tofu, the beef bowl, the butter clams, the chicken gizzard with garlic, takoyaki, and more. Needless to say, it is all very good! The yakitori is also pretty good, but they don't have the selection as some of the other places that I've been in LA (Shin Sen Gumi, Honda-Ya). They do have a good beer and sake selection so a great place to come drink. And of course if you have enough room for dessert, you have to get the honey butter toast.
4	Went here on a Tuesday evening to grab a beer and share some small plates with a new friend in town.  No trouble finding seating although I can imagine this could be a popular spot for late night munchies closer to the weekend.  Perfect place for a casual post-work meetup with the bros although not necessarily ideal to impress someone on a first date (I've heard Raku would be more optimal).  A bit surprised a fair amount of dishes were already sold out (roasted quail eggs on skewers, eel chirashi bowl, and fatty tuna roll) since we arrived around 7ish.  Being an izakaya or Japanese pub, we figured it would be best to go with the warm offerings rather than sushi.  Besides, beer always goes well with grilled/fried food with bold flavors.  Beef tongue on skewers:  flame broiled to perfection with that elusive texture that can often be missed when preparing beef tongue (overdone= rubbery, underdone= gummy)  I appreciated the fresh application of salt after grilling and add a dash of fresh lemon juice = party in one's mouth.Chicken meatball skewers= I may have had overhyped expectations since I saw a food network episode raving about some Japanese spot in new york with mindblowing chicken meatballs, but this one left something to be desiredAgedashi Tofu- very well balanced flavors and beautiful presentation, nice intermission between the other heavy hittersGarlic chicken gizzards with green beans-  this dish was destined to be paired with an ice cold beer, nice playful juxtaposition of crunchy and chewyTakoyaki- this is like a Japanese hush puppy with a hidden surprise of tender squid and topped with shredded dry seaweed and drizzled with a savory barbeque-like sauce...what's not to love?So much terrain that remains to be uncovered including the bacon-wrapped mochi and the honey toast, so expect multiple installments to follow.
4	Went there last night to have dinner with a group of 5 friends. After trying Kyara. I am in love with Japanese tapas. We made a reservation for 7 pm and didn't have to wait at all when we walked in. I noticed there was a line waiting for tables though if you didn't have a reservation. The service is pretty fast and the food were pretty good. We ordered about 6-7 dishes from the menu and after that we figured there were a lot more different dishes written on the papers on the wall! It's impossible to try everything they offered, but the most memorable dish was the Honey Toast dessert. It was absolutely amazing! It'd be great if they offer 2 scoop of ice cream instead of one. Definitely a must go japanese tapas place if you are in town.
4	Great Japanese food with a twist.Things to try:baby bok choy - I only ordered this because I need some sort of veggies in my meal, but I was really impressed!  It looks to be in a clear broth, but it is surprisingly very flavorful.  I think it's the black pepper?  Very good.Red snapper capriccio - zesty and fresh. Bite into it with the salmon fish roe - orgasmic.Tuna tar tar - not what you'd usually get at other restaurants.  It's served with fried wonton and rice.  Honey toast - great to share. I'm a big fan of honey, so I thought it was delicious, but if you're not.. it's really nothing that special.Things to skip:beef tataki - bland and flavorless.
5	A close friend was looking to come back here and have a good meal, so we made some time to get off the strip and chow down.It was a 30 minute or so wait before we could even get a seat (that popular on a Sunday night?) but when the food arrived, it was well worth the wait.As mentioned by other Yelpers, the menu is scattered across the wall and you really have to look around to understand what your best options are.  We ordered a mix of 12+ items from the menu, and here's what I remember that I would reoder:Ramen - Excellent broth, springy noodles that aren't made in house, but nonetheless delicious.  The egg is cooked perfectly so that the yolk is just barely oozing out and the white is firm.  Great flavor and execution.Beef Bowl - As other have mentioned, the beef bowl is filling and tasty.  Honey Toast - I've never tasted anything quite like this before, and it was enjoyable.  Huge piece of bread that's toasted, then drizzled with honey with ice cream on top.  Leave room for this large dessert.  The inside was the best part (chewy, soft, and sweet bread mixed with honey and ice cream).  The outside was a bit more burnt than preferred.  Interesting textural difference.Verdict:  While I can't remember the rest of the dishes I had here, I have to say, I enjoyed the whole meal and no dishes stood out as something I wouldn't re-order... come for the snacks/meals, and don't come for sushi.  It's an excellent place to enjoy some good Japanese food!
4	I was visiting a friend for a day this past weekend out in Las Vegas and for a late dinner, we ended up going to Ichiza based on a another friend's recommendation. Good recommendation indeed. We didn't have to wait too long since there were a lot of seats available...although we were seated at the bar. The restaurant has placards of the items found on the menu all around the restaurant in Kanji characters as well as in english with Japanese pop music playing in the background. Very casual fun environment.I ordered the tuna tataki, agedashi tofu and one of the specials (beef fried rice) since they didn't have the Hamachi Kama (which was highly recommended). The tuna tataki wasn't anything too grand, but it was still good. The agedashi tofu, a favorite appetizer of mine at Japanese restaurant establishments, was good. I have a preference where the outside is little bit more on the crispy/crunchy side, but I guess most places do theirs differently. My friend ordered the fried chicken, not quite chicken karaage, but more-so a deep frind version. Chicken was very good. Altogether, dinner was good. I'm wondering if there was a hint of MSG in their food, though. Should've checked the signs or the menu. LolWe skipped dessert even though I really wanted to try the Honey Toast. I was just too exhausted to eat anymore. Next time, I'm getting that Hamachi Kama and the Honey Toast!
5	Perfect for its sublimely delicious, authentic Japanese fare.  You might want to check the walls since they write down the food that they serve on paper which is plastered around the place. It's crazy fun.We called ahead of time for reservations because there is usually a wait. The Garlic Chicken Gizzard is just soooo good. Goes well with the Kimchi Rice. Being a Filipino, meals aren't complete without a serving of rice and well, all of us in that table cleared the plate with the Kimchi Rice first. I had a grilled whole Mackerel all to myself which was cooked perfectly. The fish tasted fresh and the charred skin gave it the perfect crunch with a hint of bitterness and saltiness.For dessert, the ever so popular Honey Toast. I am an Ichiza virgin no more. I'm glad my boyfriend took me to that place. Can't wait to go back and have me some more of those Honey Toasts.
4	This place is pretty good. Along the same quality...hmmm...maybe in between tokuri tei and imanas tei. 4 stars for it being this good and in las vegas....be wary of the sushi tho, i dont think las vegas gets the good stuff? evrytime i try chutoro in the mainland I am absolutely appalled at what they call chutoro, but I may be spoiled by japan. I think what they consider chu and what america calls chu is chu different. ha ha bad joke!
4	Really good food. Love the honey toast, it's soo delicious! This place sucks at groups though. Do not expect to be able to split checks. Also, be wary of people trying to sober up here. I love this place cause it's open late night and gyudon always hits the spot!
4	Very authentic. Price was amazing. I got ramen which was ehh, but I think the other more authentic/eccentric Japanese food is probably better. Service was almost nonexistent though.
4	We made reservations so did not have to wait for a table, although they put us at a big table, then asked us to move after we received our drinks to a smaller table to accommodate a larger party.Liked:- any thing yakitori (chicken meatballs, chicken gizzards, okra)- kim chi fried rice- gyoza (potstickers)- agedashi tofu- yellow tail tar tar- pork bellySo-so- service; you have to flag people down a lot- having to walk around to place to see all of the items on the wall- udonOverall, very good izakaya place and worth the drive off the strip to try it our something more authentic. I'll be back to try some items I did not get to.
5	if not my most favorite place.^^Layoutnot a typical looking sushi styled restaurant, Ichiza is very authentic Japanese oriented.   menu items line every wall, the decor is all wood, the seating looks cramped, and there are two sets of seating for large parties in the back.   admittingly, this kind of arrangement can feel very overwhelming at first, but the atmosphere becomes upbeat and exciting once you sit down.^^Serviceoutstanding for the amount of customers they service.  i won't lie and say u that there's no waiting for food (it's crowded from 8p-1am), but the time is within reason and never too long.the waitresses are friendly and cheerful and the VERY BUSY chefs actually find time to do special arrangements with your order if you buy large quantities of the same item.Foodthis is an EXCELLANT place to go to if you want something UNIQUE.   something that will leave you with a lasting impression of exotic japanese cuisine.   not everything will agree with your palette, but the majority of the items are full of flavor and taste.!they prepare all kinds of dishes in every method.   sushi, breaded meats, dim sum items, rice dishes, noodle dishes, tofu dishes, raw meats (fish/beef/octopus/etc)...  seared, steamed, fried.  the menu is ENORMOUS.!Pricingthe menu is well balanced in pricing.   MOST items can be had for $2-$4 allowing you to try a lot of the dishes without burning a hole in the wallet (like TAPAS).   additionally, you'll find yourself only spending around $14 on a main dish.Closingi've lived in Vegas for 4 years.  there are a TON of places to eat, not to mention a TON of sushi digs.   but i find Ichiza 2-3 times a month because of the LOVE & JOY i've discovered eating there - and i hope you will too.^^*Recommendation (excuse the spelling)1. Beef Tataki (seared raw beef) 3x orders of2. Beef Wagyu Carpaccio 3. Chicken Gizzard (bowl) 4x orders of4. Diced Beef Cubes (ask to make it spicey)5. Salmon Sashimi (fresh and CHUNKY)5. HONEY TOAST - EVEN if you feel you can't eat anymorelet me know if you need any questions answered.  i think i must've earned a master's degree - i eat there so often.^^
4	YellowTail Tartar on toast crackers! Awesome. Peppery egg drop soup-good & Avg. But good Spyder Roll
4	This is the place where you go to get the exotic in las vegas.  I ate raw octopus,chicken gizzards, beef tongue, pork liver, blackend cod, bacon wrapped asparagus, WOW everything  was intresting and amazing. Def will be back. The atmosphere and the food was a treat.
5	After searching for a sushi restaurant, we saw the building. To go upstairs, and find that this is the only place that is jam packed with people, you know it has to be good.We waitied about 10 minutes for a seat at the sushi bar. Wonderful, authentic atmosphere.Food was great. Had 3 types of sushi rolls, drinks and dessert, and it was under $40! Can't beat that! And it all was amazing to taste.Great place, you have to try it!
5	We came here in search of sushi, however we didn't order any because all the other menu items looked so good and interesting too. In fact, this is probably the most authentic Japanese place I've ever been too (when we walked in, the place was FULL of Japanese people, no Americans!)  the food is AMAZING! we ordered somethings off the menu and other things off the wall (they had hundreds of little pieces of paper of other dishes posted all over the restaurant)  My favorite dish was the broiled eel with cucumbers, and the soymilk mousse was to die for! Can't wait till our next trip to Vegas to eat here again!
5	Late night and craving for tongue? Ichiza is the place!There's always something new to try here. From grilled beef tongue to chicken gizzards skewers. You can also venture away from the menu and try their specials posted on paper signs all over the restaurant giving it a touch of originality. Usually I only try the items with a picture on them I don't want to end up with something Like fried eyes on a stick. But until now everything I tried here was very good and the prices and service are just as great! Which could be one of the reasons this place is always packed. Don't be intimidated by the odd items on the menu. You can always stick to the basics like fried rice, California rolls, shrimp tempura, chicken teriyaki or...grilled tongue.And don't forget a nice cold Sapporo or a nice warm cup of sake to compliment whatever you decided to order.                                                                                                                    Kampai!
4	A bit hot and stuffy , wish their AC was better. Food was good the stir fried rice was my favorite , as well as their beef tongue and other meats . Service was very nice and friendly , old man is very nice everytime I come here . Everything on their menu is very yummy .
4	It's a great little place in LV Chinatown. It's a little difficult to read the menu on the wall without appearing to be staring at the people sitting there. I thought the gizzards were great. There was a sauteed mushroom dish that was also delicious.
5	This place is great, and one of the reasons I rent a car when I vist Vegas (it's still close enough where you can taxi). A great little izakaya and very reasonably priced. I've never been disappointed by anything I've ordered here, the only thing that gets tricky is figuring out what to get since there's so many things (and all of it's on the wall.. the menu they give you doesn't show you everything). I think they should print a list of all the stuff on the wall to hand out rather than you trying to see what's available.Some of the things I enjoy - my recommendation would be to order whatever sounds appealing and share with your friends:Beef Tataki - Rare slices of beefHamachi tartare - mixed w/ avocado, and served on fried wonton wrappersSalmon skin salad - pretty large portion to get your daily dose of roughageHoney Toast - save room for this dessert!
4	I hit this place up at least once a week. ( I think I'm addicted to China town ) The service is very friendly and the interior is very "ethnic" with things written in Japanese???? on the menus on the wall, the 2 traditional tables to take your shoes off and the eat at. I get the DX Ramen when I go which is in a huge bowl, which is what this hungry boy likes. The thing I dislike is cramped eating space. I ride a motorcycle and I have to put my helmet back next to the bathroom on a ledge full of random stuff that they needed to put somewhere and that was the place...along with my helmet. All in all, it's not bad food and they now have menu's since I guess Ashley B. said they once didn't.
4	Oishii! I love this place.  From the hand scribbled menu items around the walls, to the bench-like seating.  I felt like I was at a one of my favorite spots in Hawaii.  The food selection has endless - and everything was quite tasty - from the typical fare, to the creative specials.  Prices were very reasonable - and the service was status quo for a busy place like this.  Thanks to my buddy and his wife for introducing me to this place!
5	this is the real stuff, whatever we ordered, and my group ordered a lot, was authentic izakaya.  order things you might not think you like, you'll be surprised.
4	This place has a great atmosphere, sit in the back where you take your shoes off and have a good view of the kitchen. Went there on a busy night  and the place was buzzing with people and conversation, you kind of forget you are in LV. Basically everything on the menu is written on paper all over the walls, we just started ordering what sounded good and if we found something else later, we just ordered that too. The ramen is amazing! Also the jalapeno fried rice, beef tar tar, and pot stickers, among everything else, are very good. This is a great place to hang out and graze for a while. The only problem I had was we kept losing our waitress and ended up having two or three other girls serve us, not a huge deal but made it a little confusing for the other servers. The honey toast was not as wonderful as I expected, but still good.
5	I really like everything about this place.Good food, good atmosphere, good staff, good location, lots of parking, they serve beer and wine, its open late (kitchen closes at 2:00am not 4:00am).Its one of my goto spots wheneve I visit the City of Sin.Heres the lowdown...Food - Excellent, with so many choices it will make your head spin.From sushi to ramen to rice bowls they pretty much got it covered if its Japanese food.Prices - Extremely reasonable and fair.Service - Excellent everytime, never a problem.I dont want to write a crazy long review on all the good dishes I have eaten here, so I will just say one thing...Go here on an eating adventure, try new stuff, have fun and enjoy yourself.
4	Wagyu Garlic Fried Rice, Hamachi Tartare, Kaki Fry and Honey Toast are musts haves!
3	Yummy food for a great price,  but I wished the service was faster.  The wait for a table can be long,  and also to get the check.  Although the food was delish.  I recommend the grilled whole squid,  the grilled salmon collar, and for sure---the honey toast dessert  **a must try**
5	I love this place! It is so great to find a true Japanese Izakaya anywhere outside Japan, and to find it in the "Chinatown" (really, Asiantown) part of Las Vegas was a real treat! I was smiling the whole time eating here! Izakayas serve a lot of little dishes and comfort foods like in a Japanese home. They are not Sushiyas, so don't expect that, although they may serve some sushi items. Originally, they were drinking places, where salarymen in Japan would go and unwind, drinking a lot of booze, bond with co-workers, and even complain about or insult their bosses to their faces (to let off steam; and then they could always blame it on being drunk, because if they talked-back or disrespected at work, they would be fired or severely reprimanded). So it was sort of a social safety valve place to relax in a strict culture of respect, protocol and obligation to the group and superiors. The little food items were snacks to help the drinking.But then, many places became very popular for their tasty snacks. And now, it is a whole category of dining. It is starting to become more popular in major cities in the US. Los Angeles has some good ones, like Musha in Santa Monica and Torrance, or Raku in LA. An Izakaya is different than a "Snack" or "Hostess" bar, which in many Asian countries, involves little in the way of food, but a lot in booze and pretty girls to make you feel like a big shot. Izakaya in the US are usually family run, and down home, good for families and even kids.(Pronunciation tip: do not accent any syllable, they are all even in intonation and emphasis: I-Za-Ka-Ya! NOT iza KAYa!) This one has a million little dishes to choose from, listed on the menu, and many of the same selections taped all along the walls, mostly in Japanese! The youthful waitresses and hostess here are all Japanese, so it is a delight, especially if you know a little of the language, because they will scurry around and respond promptly to your requests, as in Japan, with enthusiasm and energy. If they were lazy or lackadaisical in their service in Japan, they would be severely reprimanded or fired. Too bad that doesn't translate to Denny's here! So this place serves what I like to call, Japa Tapas. The two of us had Agedashi Tofu, Ikkayaki (whole broiled squid, chopped up), grilled Black Cod (like butter!) , Sake Ochazuke (Salmon over rice mixed with green tea and flavorings) and for dessert, green tea ice cream and 2 flavors of Mochi ice cream, and finally their signature dessert, which is 1/3 a loaf of bread crust filled with honey and vanilla ice cream that we shared with our tablemates. We also had a small cold Kurosawa Junmai Sake.  All delish! We sat at a community table and met another nice young Filipino couple enjoying their Izakaya experience, and shared stories and dessert with them.  I am coming back here every time I go to Las Vegas! You should, too!Forget those fancy faux Asian places on the strip! OIshikatta! Tanoshikatta!
4	Udon is one of the best I had.   It was busy nite and wait was long.  Place was packed and only had limited seating.  This place felt like I was in the middle of Tokyo.  This place was packed with mid 20s and few over ..   lots of well dressed ladies too.   must be the place that hops around this area.Finnally got the seating for two at the sushi bar at the corner.   Ordered bunch of stuff not knowing what they are going to taste..1.  fried baby octopus -  5 star2.  pike mackeral - 43.  udon - 5  .. the broth and noodles were perfect4.  spicy rolls.  4Over all, I get the feeling that most items are around $5 but when you start ordering this and that, final bill will be $20 - $30 range.  At least, you get to eat lots of different items and perfect portion to share with others.  Had Ichiban on tab.  Hooray!
4	This is the fourth or fifth time I have been to Ichiza in the past two years.  The service, menu, and flavor have been consistent throughout, good for a busy place.  Some stuff I tried:Black cod in miso - normally very well cooked, slightly crisp on the skin side with the fish still soft and buttery.Grilled gobo wrapped in bacon - the gobo can be a bit soft but normally, it has good texture and the bacon does not overpower the earthyness of the burdock root.Oyster mushroom stalk wrapped in chicken skin - can be a textural challenge.  If they are not cooked long enough, the mushrooms can have too much water and they still have a slippery texture.  Red snapper carpaccio - this dish had a lot of flavors that masked the flavor of the fish.  A decent sized piece of fish each served on a slice of lemon, with shaved daikon radish topped with kewpie(?), a few ikura eggs, and chives with a ponzu sauce.Waygu Beef carpaccio - nice flavor, served thin with cracked pepper, sliced white onion, chives, ponzu sauce and a few garlic chips.  Probably one of the best dishes I have had at Ichiza.
5	Ichiza is not a place to take people whose only experience with Japanese food is a California roll, but if your friends are willing to be adventurous, it cannot be beat.  Scan the walls, order something new, and then make sure you leave them hungry enough to eat the honey toast.Things I love to eat here include, but are not limited to: Tsukune, Ika yaki (seriously, one of the best things ever), Squid and Sea Urchin Roll, Eel Kakikage Roll, Bacon Wrapped Mochi, Roasted Garlic, Honey Toast, and their Green Tea (which is so deeply green that it almost glows).If you're planning on going on a weekend night between dinner and 10, a reservation will save you a long wait at the door.  Ichiza is tiny, and the waits can be really long, especially if you have a party larger than 2.  The seats at the bar turnover fastest, so parties of 2 get seated fastest.  The parking lot is also amazingly tiny and shared with several other restaurants, so you may have to be willing to walk over from the much larger lot in front of the Chinatown mall.The only thing that could make Ichiza better would be bringing back lunch, but I completely understand why they cut that out.  Also, be aware of how much you're ordering.  Like tapas, you can end up with a much larger bill than you expect because you ordered a lot of small plates.  Totally tummy-satisfying and still-reasonable, though.I can't wait to see what they dress up in this Halloween!  The only place that might be more fun that night is Anime Ramen, but I doubt it.
4	Killer spot for sushi and small bites!  Beef tongue is so tender, quail eggs are insanely good!  I always enjoy their specials a favorite was the BBQ Pork!
5	A very well rounded japanese restaurant! Back where I'm from (yay Canada!) japanese restaurants are primarily AYCE restaurants run by chinese people, and all their menus look the same. Ichiza however, offers a unique menu, and combination of flavours that I have never seen or heard of anywhere else! (ex. bacon wrapped mochi..who would've thought of that! ) Overall, I would definitely recommend a big group so you can try most of their menu, and believe me, it is certainly worth the try! If I were to offer criticism though I would say that the Bread thing with ice cream is kind of over hyped. Didn't find it all that special. It was yummy, but nothing unique. At the end of the day though Ichiza is probably my favourite japanese restaurant by far :)
5	It's a barn burner folks.  Ichiza is straight bomb dot com.  The Yellowfish tar tar is one of tastiest things I've EVER eaten.  To say it melts in your mouth doesn't do it justice.  You'll either get tingles or flashbacks once you take the first bite.  I got a bit of both..true story.  They also have the best beef tongue anywhere.  So tender and juicy..if the thought of eating beef tongue disgusts you, take a bite out of Ichiza's beef tongue and your life will be forever changed.  The honey butter is also stupendous...if there's a happy ending to a meal, that'd be it.  Tried a few other items, but those three really stuck out.  I have serious tar tar withdrawal.  This is easily one of the best meals I've ever had..anywhere.  Granted..it's not all that cost efficient, but if you go w/ 6+ ppl, you can try a good amount of their dishes for a decent price.  Definitely coming to Ichiza every time I'm in Vegas.
5	In Vegas, hunting for great food??? I wont miss out foods from Ballagio to a Danny's. I basically try different restaurants when I visit Vegas each time. This is my new discovery! I love their yokitori!! The best I have ever had. I'm from the bay area and also Hawaii! I tried many Japanese restaurants in HI!, they are good, but also pricy! Bay area, sorry, so far I haven't found anywhere is satisfied! There's a good yokitori place called, Yakitori Kokko, foods are decent to above average, but somehow pricy, we spend about 50 each person each visit! At Ichiza, foods are better. We had four people and  basically tried the whole menu! We ordered a lot! and ended up paying around a little over 20 each with tips. Of coz price is not the main part. foods are excellent. They have unique menu, and cook/prepare in a very authentic way! The uni w/ panzu is my fav! anyway, long story short. It's not pricy, why not to gather 3-4 friends together and try the whole menu together? =] Miss the food now, =[ will definitely be back.
5	One of the best izakaya style restaurants I have been to. I have been to many in Japan and also on Oahu where i live, but this place is comparable to the ones in Japan.Recommend the whole ika, croquette, beef tataki, agedashi tofu, to name a few. Definitely will be back. Tottemo oishii desu!
4	Oh Ichiza, how we missed your extensive and affordable menu and how we missed your honey toast.  Such a simple item that  we thought would be easily found in California or even replicated at home, but we were wrong.  Raku may have the new title as the best Japanese restaurant in Vegas but you are still one of the top izakayas around and your extensive hours make you a winner. Oh and you even accept Amex.  So cool.
2	My friends and I went here late night and experienced the following:1) Slow, bad service despite the lack of a crowd on a weekday night2) The sashimi (especially squid) was not fresh, and tasted "fishy" and "plastic"3) The seaweed salad I had was decent, so that's why there's two stars instead of one
4	had a new item called tofu yum kum (feel like a dumbass saying it out loud); kinda like tom yum soup cuz it's really sour, had agadeshi tofu and shrimp in there which is good; it's kind of a mix between japanese and thai.  give it a go if you feel like you tried everything on the wall and on the menu.
5	This place is great if you got the munchies late at night. The restaurant is a Japanese izakaya style restaurant so the food comes in smaller portions. Here are some dishes I highly recommend: Beef Tataki, Yellow Tail Tartar, and Beef Tongue Stew, just to name a few. The atmosphere is very relaxed and casual and it's a great place to hang out with a small group of friends. The only thing is that this place fills up fast so its probably best to get there early.
4	If I can take the chefs of Ichiza and open a new and bigger restaurant with trained servers, hostesses, etc... I would probably have one of the best Asian restaurants in all of Las Vegas. The issue with Asian restaurants in general is the poor service. It can really put a damper in your dining experience. Instead of hiring experienced waitresses who can clearly understand what you're saying and be attentive throughout the meal, many Asian joints hire their nieces and/or other family members, or perhaps even random attractive Asian girls. Let's just say, Ichiza... you have phenomenal Japanese food. Authentic and not overpriced, with an extensive variety offered all over the walls and on the menu. Your ramen is definitely better than Monta's (at least that's my opinion). I will always crave your curry udon, pork and onion skewers, fresh oysters, and pretty much everything else offered in that tiny space of a restaurant ;)   But please, please, please work on the service aspect! On the several occasions I've been to this restaurant, my group and I waited about 15+ min to be approached after seating. We watch hungry and thirsty as the 2 or 3 waitresses on duty walk by, bus tables, stare at other tables, giggle in the back, or just plain stand around. We usually have to flag someone down to inform her that we're ready to order and once we do, we feel rushed and it is rather difficult to communicate half the time. The food takes a little longer than the average Asian restaurant, which is ok... but once it's out, don't expect to see your waitress again. Or.. you will see her walking around, but she won't acknowledge your existence. Good luck on refills! Last night was a prime example. We had 4 of us in the group. We finally ordered our dishes, they came out after some time, then we had a 5th join us. Long story short, he did not have a chance to order anything at all, not even a glass of water. Needless to say, this place has fabulous food, and it's adorable on the inside... very Japanese :). Workers are polite but lack any restaurant experience. I was torn between giving it 3 or 4 stars strictly due to service! I sure hope that aspect improves because then it would certainly be a 5 star experience all around!
5	Love! My second visit and it was just as good as my first. Sure, the wait is long and ridiculous feeling but I was fine with it. Apparently, you can call and make reservations. Next time I definitely will do this. I came here craving the garlic butter chicken gizzards and the uni with ponzu sauce. I completely forgot about the jalapeno fried rice, grilled squid and all these other delicious dishes until I read them off the wall again. And I had some of the salmon sashimi and o.m.f.g.! It melted in my mouth. It was so good! Next time I have to remember to order some of that again. MmMm! Everything was so good. Our bill wasn't too bad for four. It came out to about $98 and we ordered a lot of food plus dessert.I keep remembering all the things I have to come back for... but I also have to remember all the things I need to try too. I wish I lived in Vegas so I could come here all the time..
5	This place was awesome...great prices, LOVE their ice cream toast dessert, and loving the graveyard hours... This place is small but Worth going to :)
4	Amazingly fresh slices of raw fish can be found here. The menu is very disorganized though, because you have options written on pieces of paper that is plastered all over the wall. There were so many choices, but it was hard to zone in all of them, and I felt like missed out on some of the really good eats. I came here for a snack, and was craving for oysters. My sister and I ordered a dozen oysters, and even said to the waitress, we were looking for some fresh oysters and she said they were from Washington. With this said...we assumed they were regular small oysters, but she came out with those huge oysters...and I can't believe we ate them all, because we didn't want them to go to waste. Then we got really sick afterwards. It was still good, but just know what you are ordering when you are here, because the staff is not the most helpful.
3	I've had better Japanese in Orange County. Nothing "wow'ed" me. I ordered one of my favorite appetizers; Salmon Skin Salad...NOPE!  I was disappointed by the quality of all the food.  I may have to go back and give it another shot. The service was great, so that made up for the "meh" quality food.
4	My husband and I had the oysters saigon style, they were seared on both sides, they were very fresh! We also had the agedashi tofu this was very good in deed! It was swimming in a very tasty dashi broth. We also had the fried chicken it was crispy good.  The beef curry was very different, don't what was the deal, my hubby described it as " kinda sweet?"Service a little slow. I don't know if it's on my return list!
3	I was a bit disappointed to be honest. Ichiza earned high praise from a friend and quite good ratings on Yelp. I expected more I guess... I thought it was gonna be more of a sushi house, but ended up finding more of a Japanese tapas type of place. The crazy line outside, even at midnight (oh wait, that's early in LV time), gave it promise. But actually, we didn't have to wait at all. The line was mostly for large groups and two people walked out of the bar area and we were given their seats. Score!The restaurant is kinda crazy. It was so full and must be a very trendy hangout for college kids, because that seemed to be the majority of the patrons there... avg age = 20 yrs old by my guess.The menu is a little off-putting in that it's somewhat out of date... specials line the walls and bar area, but I can't read them all.I actually ended up ordering two things from pictures that I saw on yelp: Yellowtail TarTar and Spanish Mackerel Carpaccio. They were both good, but I would highly recommend the yellowtail. It's different, crunchy, salty and a tiny bit spicy. We also ordered the black cod, kakuni (pork belly), and a few other things. The items were good in their own separate ways, but nothing really made my mouth say "wow". And in the end, they had run out of the famous Honey Toast, which made me sad as that was one of the reasons we had gone to this place.Ended up ordering two separate desserts to replace it: soy mousse (I didn't like it, but my dining partner did) and flan which was pretty good.So, to wrap it up, I don't know it was okay. I'm glad I didn't have to wait in a long line, otherwise I'd be complaining more. I'd go back for the honey toast and pray that the lines isn't too long. But I'd also probably only have a tiny bit to eat at this place. Maybe pre-game elsewhere first~
4	If you ever head to Las Vegas and feel the urge to splurge your appetite on a major carb load without the fancy shmancy Vegas prices and touristy crowd, this place is perfect! My 4 stars are actually just dedicated to the burnt honey toast on their menu. It lacks the last star because of the size of the place, but you can't hate them because they do seat you anywhere possible, any moment it's available. My friends and I shared a long table with a single person and a large group.... all of whom ordered different stuff that we can browse at, and all the food looked delish!I ordered their Shoyu Ramen, which was a perfect size for me.... not too much, too little, definitely enough to leave room for the Burnt Honey toast -- which, by the way, feeds up to 4 people so don't order your own unless you're apart of some Amazing race. And my friends and I also ordered a bunch of small plates: which was nice because we all got to share. In all, it's always a good experience to dive in the Burnt Honey Toast, I can't find any in the Bay, so that's why I highly praise it. The service is so-so.... it really trickles down to how many large groups there are..... don't go with a large group, for that size of place.... it's selfish! Anyway, Burnt honey toast...go!
4	Not bad but can get a little crowded because the restaurant is fairly small and the place is popular. I liked the honey-toast dessert but you definitely need I would say at least 3 people to finish it otherwise it's just too much sugar for 1-2 people in my opinion. =_
3	Ok. So I saw all of the 5* and I was sooo excited to come here thinking it would be like Guu (in Canada). That place is amazing!! Hoping and praying that this place would be up to par with them, I was seriously disappointed. Perhaps I had to high of expectations?The food was okay. Honestly. I read the majority of reviews, wrote down a couple of items that everyone kept stating you HAD TO TRY, and went with an empty stomach. First of all, the menu they give you DOES NOT have EVERYTHING that everyone says they have. A lot of the menu  is posted all over the walls in Japanese (some have english translations, not all). If you can read, that's terrific. If you can't, well good luck ordering. I personally do not want to be confined to the menu, so good thing I wrote down a bunch of stuff before going. If not, we'd probably end up picking out an udon dish for the 4 of us who went.Other than that, staff was really nice. There seemed to be a little bit of a language barrier.I recommend you check out my pics, look at the names and pictures (so you know what you're getting), write down what you want, and then go (if you really must check out this place..I don't think I'm coming back). Also, look at everyone else's pictures on YELP and write down what they are. It will help so much in ordering.Check out my pics!http://what2eatz.blogspot.com/2011/12/ichiza-izakaya.html
4	Food is good, all different kind of small dishes to try but it adds up on the bill. Had to order a lot of things to get full. Service was pretty fast. It would be nice if they have more pictures of the food. Not everyone can read Japanese on the wall. =\
4	Delicious Japanese food. I made the mistake of calling this a sushi place. Apparently  there's "no sushi". Only rolls and sashimi, and other traditional Japanese dishes. It's a small menu, but you still can make some rolls to order. Also, you may notice that there is no menu to view online, and they don't give out take out menus. I looked for an online menu in vain, so I just went to the restaurant and ordered there. It was obvious that they'd rather have you eat in than take out, but they did accommodate me.
5	I used to eat here as a regular when I first moved here.  My ex is more familiar with japanese dishes so I let her do the ordering and I do the eating. Its a tapa style place so its impossible to get full from just one dish but on the bright side, you get to try different varieties of food.  Everything we've ordered was very satisfying.  I'll tell you my favorites: Tofu Salad, Kimchi Fried Rice, their sashimis and ramen noodles, Sesame Chicken....well to cut it short every damn thing was good.  Oh except the octopus sashimi, what the hell was I thinking but I like to try things I've never tried before.People, don't ever make the mistake of ordering honey toast dessert at Tea Station which is just downstairs but force your lazy ass to get up those stairs and come here for Ichiza's honey toast because its way, way better.It gets full at times so long waits might be required for bigger parties.  The wait is usually short with me and just another person.  And for you guys with yellow fever, there's this waitress that always wears this purple nike airmax...hella cute.
5	Ichiza is an inexpensive place with very good food!  I love the Japanese atomesphere there.  I am a big fan of their tuna fried rice, which has salmon egg, mushroom and delicious sauce on it....Yummy!!!Forgot to mention.  Love their Honey Toast!!!  I always had honey toast with ice cream when I was in Shanghai but it is hard to find this desert here.  It tastes exactly the same or even better that what I had before.  Highly Recommended for everyone, especially for a group of 4 or more because it is kind of big for 2 people as desert. :D
4	Late-night, Japanese izakaya at its finest. This place has been around for a while but has managed to remain hip and relevant for locals. Ichiza is pretty small but not too jam-packed. Food prices are fair, and the menu feels a bit more authentic with all the extra off-the-menu items taped on the walls. So far, haven't had anything that particularly stood out as amazing - that's why I'm giving them four stars. Though the atmosphere contributes to most of my good feelings for this place.
4	We came here at 2:30 am and this place was packed. The waitress was kinda rushed us to order cuz last call for the kitchen is at 3 am even they close at 4am. This is what we ordered:  fresh uni in ponzu sauce, beef tataki, fried baby octopus, red snapper carpaccio, tofu salad and one yellow tail dish that I forgot the name. All the food was good, the portion is big. This restaurant reminds me of Guu in Vancouver. They have similar food w/ open kitchen but Guu is a little bit more expensive.I would definitely come here again if I go to Vegas.
5	Went back to Ichiza again and it was even better than the last time. Wifey and I ordered a gazillion dishes because we were drunk and hungry as always. After all, we were in fucking Vegas! Anyways, the food that I remember ordering were the following dishes:Uni Red Snapper CarpaccioWasabi OctopusYellowtail Tar TarDeep-Fried Soft Shell CrabGrilled Gobo with PorkPork Belly Skewers with ShisoSpicy Fried ChickenFried Smelt Although the uni isn't fresh from the shell, it still tasted amazing. Ichiza hollows out a whole lemon and puts the uni into the cavity of the lemon with cucumber slices, ponzu sauce, and fresh wasabi. The sour and salty flavors were so yummilicious that it had me moaning like a "walker" from "The Walking Dead". Mmmnnnguuuhhh!The red snapper carpaccio was fucking genius. Consisting of red snapper sashimi with shiso, daikon sprouts, and roe atop a bed of sliced lemons. This is the dish to get if you want raw fish. The wasabi octopus consists of chopped up raw octopus marinated with fresh wasabi and other flavors. This dish had a cooling aspect that I really enjoyed. I would have given them bonus points if the octopus had been alive (fuck you PETA!).The yellowtail tar tar was good, but hard to eat. I have a pretty big mouth and was barely able to fit a whole piece in. Looking around, I realized that maybe you were supposed to eat it in pieces. Regardless, the combination of fried chips, rice, salsa, marinated raw yellowtail, and avocado is something that I think I may have to implement at Casa del Ricardo. Thanks Ichiza!The deep-fried soft shell crabs were tasty, but what really made the dish was the ponzu/daikon sauce. I ended up drinking the sauce and asking for more. Also, I am a huge fan of gobo and the combination of grilled pork and gobo was pure bliss. Only two of the items tasted meh. The pork belly and shiso was just so-so and the spicy fried chicken had to be the worst dish we ordered. It consisted of fried chicken marinated with "gochu-jang" (Korean chili paste) that made the chicken way too salty. I think we should have just gotten the JFC (Japanese Fried Chicken aka karaage).However, I saved the best for last. The fried smelt. Yes it's simple, but it's just so fucking wonderful. In Western cuisine, the animal aspect is taken away from fish. I mean, you order fish filets at restaurants and there are no fucking bones. You order fish and chips and that fish is so deep-fried you have no idea what type of fish you are even eating. Well, with Ichiza's fried smelt, this is not the case. You get three whole smelt fish in all their glory from head-to-tail. What was amazing about these little fish were that they were exploding with roe. In fact, the fish were like 90% eggs! Don't think twice, just put them in your mouth because they are motherfucking oishi!----------------------------------On the way back to our hotel, I kept referring to Ichiza as Ichiban (Japanese term meaning "the shiznet") to our Filipino cab driver. I think he must have gotten annoyed because he turned to me and said, "It's Ichiza, sir." And in my drunken stupor I replied, "It's both... it's both manong."----------------------------------Wife just reminded me that despite her pinching me, my drunk ass told the head chef at Ichiza that he was Ichiban as well and that I told the server that the food was "cho oishi" in broken Japanese. ROFL.
4	I am a huge fan of this place. It is really unique. Not your typical Japanese restaurant. All the staff is extra friendly and the food is not just Teriyaki this or sushi roll that. If you really want sushi go to one of the many AYCE sushi joints in town. When you first enter you know you are somewhere special. Even looking at the menu will make you think what the hell should I order.  We usually order something with 8 legs and something different cause there is always something different. I wish i could go more often. Have fun with a new experience. I would tell you of all the different things I ate but I think you should have the adventure of your own.
5	DON'T BE SCURRED TO WALK AROUND TO LOOK AT THE SPECIALS POSTED ON THE WALLSMy sister brought me here a few years ago and I've been a fan ever since. She was in town this week and we stopped by here after I picked her up from the airport. She was already tipsy from drinks at SFO cause her flight was delayed so we didn't order bottles of Nigori like usual. This is what we ordered: Asahi - large bottleMackerel w/miso sauceIka-yaki Stir fried garlic chicken gizzardsWagyu beef carpaccioTako wasabi - they forgot to give this to usKimchi fried riceSalmon w/mozzarella tempuraThey were out Black Cod w/miso sause so we tried the Mackerel. The Markerel is a little salty. The Ika-yaki is another dish that we always get. Tako wasabi is also another dish we always order, but they forgot to give it to us this time. Stir fried garlic chicken gizzards are a must. We tried to order the Butter Clams, but they ran out.OPEN LATE AND 10% DISCOUNT CARD
5	I love Ichiza, my husband and I must go every time we visit Las Vegas.  All the foods from there are totally our designs.  Here are my favor items:Yellowtail Tar Tar (5stars)Livers (only $1.50) (5 stars) - this one tastes like liver steaks Salmon Belly (4 stars)Oysters (5 stars) - YUMSweet Shrimps on the lime cup (5 stars) There are more but I can't remember the names.  I used to go onto yelp and look at the photos and orders from there.  The price is cheap comparing to everything else in Vegas!! check their menu!! I recommended several of my friends to go there and they all loves it!! I'm going again soon, I can't wait!!
4	Two words: honey toast. *o*It was almost closing time around 1am when I came with friends to get some honey toast. When the toast arrived at the table, I was shocked at how ginormous it was!I figured the honey toast would be the size of the brick toast at Guppy, but it's way better! The ice cream on top just wowed me.I split this with three other people and my portion was more than enough. I savored every single bite. I evened out the ice cream and honey throughout the toast and every single bite was heaven.The toast came out to me around $8, a little pricey in my opinion, but definitely good. I  didn't get a chance to order food here so I'm not sure what everything else tastes like.The service was definitely good. They were patient and friendly even around closing time.
3	So, here we go. I feel like I should never write an review unless I've been to the place more than three times. And yes folks. I have been there more than three times. This particular time was just as awesome as the previous were, except for one little hiccup. A very concerning one at that. So what did I order you ask? Takoyaki balls- Japanese Staple in my opinion meant to be searing as it enters your mouth. basically a dough ball filled with octopus. topped with neon red ginger and teriyaki sauce. So delicious. Lets face it it's hard to mess up this dish. Beef Curry and rice with chicken cutlet - Warm hot rice mixed with some Japanese not too spicy but oh so hot curry. It is a taste sensation. The mix of an aromatic curry always gives me tingles in me's boy parts i gotta tell ya. Sakana Pinchos - I should asked someone about the etymology about this one. For those not in the known etymology means study origin. Cus lets face it, Pinchos if ever been in the east coast either north or south means the Puerto Rican always good meat on a stick. Not a sushi roll sandwhich topped to sky with seafood goodness. Its 6 pieces two of each kind of sushi mountain goodness. the first is Masago ( fish eggs ) with spicy mayo on top of a a slice of squid on top of a large slice of tuna. On top of the rice. Out of breath yet ? I know I am...!  Keep in mind this is one sushi nigiri all held together by a toothpick! the Second kind is the Large Salmon fish eggs on top of mackrel on top of a miso leaf and rice. Talk about a problem in a mystery wrapped with an enigma... ! Finally is the third kind which is the Salmon eggs on top of steamed orange shrimp on top of tamago ( egg). Are you tired yet? Salivating ? Both? Well keep reading cus I got more.Finally the last thing was. the always yellowtail Tar Tar. This thing is kind of a bore at times better left for those novice sushi or japanese eaters and one truth I would like to have kept hidden but Ichiza caught me in a clandestine mood and decided to go for it. Crunchy chilled yellowtail mixed some  yummy veggies. Go great with some beer. I also had two Kirin Ichiban to drink it down with. I don't know what it was but all of this food and full tummy might almost make up for the large PILL BUG WALKING ACROSS THE BARTOP...!!!! Yes girlfriend , I went there. I was with the gf and as gentleman I covered it up with a napkin and but it escaped my clutches and went to the table space reserved for my very nervous female neighbors. It was a funny site to see. Which in retrospect made up for some of the incident. But what are you gonna do ? The Service was nice. The waitresses did check on us frequently and I tipped them 15-20% as any normal upstanding patron would do. But man that owner. Someone's gotta do something about him. He made my gf wait out front before letting her sit down. And In I walk 5 mins later. This wasn't the first incident that something like this happened. When I was there before we were on the waiting list and they said 20 minutes nearly a half an hour ago. So I go up to him and ask and all he has to say is sorry sorry sorry but we called your name. Don't think so pal. Without letting me finish. Nope that won't do at all. So I let my grievance out. He politely listens and say sorry again as he shows us our table. so, my star rating you ask ? 3/5 But other than that it's usually an ok time. my tab was around 50 dollars plus tip.
5	This is one of the few authentic izakaya's in Las Vegas and is a gem if you can find it. The food is amazing and very unique. This isn't your typical sushi joint, but you will be delighted to see some authentic dishes (small plates/tastes) of some hardcore Japanese food. There are ton of items to choose from as the walls are all pasted with various menu items.I always enjoy the beef tongue skewers (it taste WAY more better than it sounds) and the Salmon Belly is so buttery that it melts in your mouth. If you have enough room leftover...the honey toast is amazing. Think a toasted loaf of bread, drizzled in warm honey, with ice cream. Awesome.
3	Oh ichiza, I used to love you so much and now you are just...We ordered:-oysters with ponzu sauce (great as always)-oysters with plum sauce (not bad)-oysters Saigon style (not bad)-sakana pinchos (pretty but not easy to eat, each piece is very big and a bit bland    some seasoning or special sauce would  have been nice)-spicy tuna roll (good quality but just average to me)-seared salad (good but had better)-beef liver skewer (yummy)-tykoyaki balls(a piece of squid deep fried inside a green oignon dough drizzled with sauce and red ginger on the side, very cute but the flavor are just ok)-mango and strawberry Mochi (cannot go wrong with that)The items I really wanted was -beef tongue (out of it, it was only 7h30pm)-sweet shrimps on lime (they were out of it)-uni over lemon with ponzu (never showed up even after asking 5 times for it for about an hour)Iced green teas don't have free refill but wathever,The only thing that is really bringing this place down is the service; this is a freakin war zone in there, waitresses shouting at each other from accross the bar...everybody is so god damn load in there, i would expect that kind of attitude at a sport bar during the playoff but not here, come on, there is a difference between casual athmosphere and jungle madness..It took them for ever to take our order(the place wasn't even as crowded than usual last night) and when it finally came up it was mixed up with an other table's order.And after asking many time about my uni she keep telling me "1 more minut" but that damn thing never showed up, this was the item that I was looking the most forward to...Also forget about your drink reffill and you have to fake a panick attack to get your desert menu...I may give it an other try only for the sweet shrimps over lime and that infamous uni and if I really crave ramen when monta is too packed...Beside that, I really cannot wait for my reservation at Raku next Monday night, sound  much more promising!Step up your game ichiza or you are definitely going down...
5	So far Ichiza is by far my favorite izakaya style restaurant. I don't have to be in Japan to experience authentic hardcore Japanese food.My favorite is the ika yaki and, honey toast with ice cream. Yummy!!
4	Excellent food &  ok service. Dinner time is normally packed, call for reservations, suggested. Parking is a problem as the location is overwhelmed with other restaurants. Fun place to try lots of different dishes. Most, if not all dishes are very tasty and different, only exception was the whole fried shrimps, too salty.  yellowtail collar was the best choice (runs out quickly)...Open late...till 4am, so after a night of winning $$, it's a great way to end the night.
4	Essentially everything is good here. I love to just walk around the restaurant when I get there and point at some of the signs on the wall when I order.  It's a great place to try new dishes. Ignore the tiny printed menu they hand you.  Try some new way of preparing your favorite fish. You may not be able to read everything on the signs but you can at least recognize the name of your favorite fish. The prices are very reasonable as well for the type of cuisine you're buying.  I just wish the place were open for lunch.  If you like fresh fish and are open to trying new dishes, ie. going beyond the usual sticky sweet rolls, this is the place for you.  And the excellent sake and beer selection don't hurt either.
4	I go here mostly for the izakaya feel and less for the food.  I used to frequent izakayas on a weekly basis when I lived in Japan and sometimes I just want to feel nostalgic so I swing by Ichiza. The food is about as good as an average run of the mill izakaya found anywhere in Japan.  I have a feeling most of the 5 star reviews on here are coming from people who have never ate at a finer izakaya in Japan.  The selection could be a bit better, I would prefer an all Japanese kitchen staff, though their wait staff is all Japanese.  So for the food, 3 stars.For the kind and welcoming staff, 5 stars.  Ambiance and izakaya feel get 4 stars.Don't come here expecting an amazing Japanese food adventure.  Come here with friends expecting some cold beer, lively chatter, and friendly service!
3	The food was so-so. The sashimi is more expensive than most of the Japanese restaurants I've eaten. The skewed liver was so over burned that most of it was black. The ramean is also just okay. What strikes me as weird is that the place was sooo dirty. The spoons have rice left on it!! Also the lady with yellow hair was very impolite and never smiled. Every time I asked her to order,  there was never a response from her. I don't know whether she heard me or not. She would just bring me the thing I asked, with no words nor smile nor any eye contact with me.
3	My favorites: Kimchi Fried Rice, Miso Butterfish, Tofu Salad with Tuna SashimiIchiza is one of those places you go to experiment. There's appeal in being able to try a variety of unique dishes not readily available elsewhere (like Beef Tongue, Beef Liver, Inside Out Roll, Honey Toast), especially at affordable prices. But would I order these dishes again? Probably not. Will I dine here again? Probably not.
4	Great late night eat! Buta kimchee and the curry are only a couple of the good eats there.  It's pretty much always packed so either make a reservation or be prepared to wait because it's not a very big restaurant.  The workers are all very friendly and always smiling.  I ordered a bottle of kirin once and it wasn't very cold (they probably just stocked it in the fridge) but other than that, they'll be seeing me again!
5	a locals eatery of well prepared traditional japanese. amazing staff and well rounded menu. escape the whorish bustle of the strip and have a nice PG rated meal tonight.
3	Ichiza is among my top 3 favourite japanese restaurants in Vegas. It's reasonably priced with efficient service, beautifully decorated to look like an authentic izakaya straight from Japan. Before the management had to shut down the restaurant for a few months from health code violations (or so I heard), I only visited the place once with some friends and ordered their rice bowl and mochi. It was absolutely delish! After they re-opened, I visited more often. Their honey toast is a must-eat! Make sure to get to the place after 3pm though. They aren't there during breakfast hours. To make up for that, they close pretty late too (3am during weekdays and 2am on sundays) Hygiene-control, however might need a little more attention. A friend of mine traced a tiny cockroach in the bar by the kitchen once and my family noticed multiple black stains on the couches when we dined in last Sunday. Other than that, the friendly waiting staff and overall food quality's good enough to stop by for a visit.
4	Ichiza has some pretty solid izakaya just off the strip in the Chinatown area.  The seared beef and albacore salad has a fresh crunch and the meats are seared perfectly.  The beef tataki is quite plate licking good.  The pork belly melts on your tongue as does the uni which is quite fresh.  The skewers are not to be missed.  The service is quite attentive and even better when you have Japanese speaking friends with you.  It can be quite a wait during peak hours and on weeks there are events in Vegas.  Ichiza is a great place to grab a beer and a bunch of Japanese tapas.  Come hungry and leave happy without breaking the bank!
4	Yes, we have returned!!!!!! Yippeeeee. This place still surprises and shocks me! Food is excellent!  We had 23 different items, All were fantastic with only one exception (beef liver skewers were unevenly cooked). The yellowtail appetizer on Gyoza skins were awesome as we're uni ponzu served in a lemon. One note: uncertain what the hype over the honey toast is as its not really that great. Overall, still an awesome gem in the china town part of sin city!
4	Some friends visiting suggested checking out Ichiza for some sushi. They checked out menu before hand make sure had stuff for five year old girl. It was the first time for me and all of us. I knew going in that everything was small portion a la carte style. Honestly not use too that style but always good too mix things up in life. Lol!They have just about everything you can imagine on the menu. Not even including the menu items that posted all around the walls even above the sushi bar. So little bit overload the first time looking at the menu then checking out the wall (some of the items has pictures of the item). We ordered few things off the menu and item off the wall. The beef tongue was excellent, kim chee fried rice was good, the sashimi plate (they offered two different types) awesome (tuna, hamachi. mackerel), me the star was the beef tataki with ponzu sauce (raw beef thinly cut mixed with the ponzu dipping sauce, I could have order ten of those be content and happy), interesting things with mochi wrapped with bacon, and pork butt dish. Talk about small place holds less then hundred people so you need some patience depending on time and day of week. They do take reservations two hours only two hours before if want or walk in hopefully not long wait. We waited maybe half hour not too bad. The parking not much around the building since lots of business in the same building. I had too park at regular Chinatown.I had great experience and look forward too my next visit.
5	I've been coming here for 10 years.  Every single time, the food is outstanding.  My family would dine here every Christmas, as we come into town from LA for the holidays.  The food, it's so good that my brother starts giggling while he's eating.  I recommend the beef bowl.  Even the rice in the beef bowl is fantastic.  Love the black cod, cold seaweed, and honey toast!  But overall, everything is seriously delicious.  Thank you Ichiza for being my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!
4	mmmM but they didn't have a lot of items that i saw on yelp. :(
3	This is one of those places where the food looks better than it taste.  It doesn't taste horrible, but definitely not as good as it looks.  My favorites were the miso butterfish, kimchi fried rice and tuna sashimi salad.  It's a great place for you to try many different (small) appetizers at an efficient cost.  The vibe feels very Japanese, as if you really are in Japan, which was something I liked.  It's a fun experience, but I didn't feel like it hit the spot when I walked out the door.  Probably won't come back to try different items, just my favorites.
4	When I go to Las Vegas,I eat there every single day.  Ichiza is really like authentic Japansese Izakaya style.  They have so many different dishes as like I went back to my home town Japan.  They have so many selection of drinks.  My favorite one is fresh grapefruit shochu which served literally half cut grapefruit and squeezer side of shochu.  Squeez it ourself.  I thoght it was unique. Stuff there were very friendly and nice.  Food was excellent. The only con is so far distant and they are so good therefore waiting line is at least 30 mins.  If I lived in Las vegas,I will go there very often.
4	Loved this joint (Note #1: go early or be prepared to wait a bit).Great Japanese food (Note #2: not your standard teriyaki, blah blah blah).  They may have the standards but we were interested in the other more unique and cool foods, (they have plenty of adventurous choices, too). Service: the guy at the front (owner?) was a bit cool at first, but he warmed up and took good care of us. He could see we were serious because we had been waiting a while and so he gave us one of the reserved tables when that party hadn't shown up 15 minutes past their reservation.Servers were a little brusque, but not inattentive (BTW, I don't dock stars for this. At some joints I don't expect them to kiss my ass. This place takes its good food seriously and the servers and kitchen staff are just zipping around trying to get as much of it to you as possible.)Food: we had the beef tataki--very good. I could've eaten three of these. Tuna Poki special was reallllllly good. We ordered another one of these. (Note #3: dishes are small--think tapas-sized--but this is good y'all. You get to try more things!) I also liked the snapper carpaccio.If I had this joint in my hometown, I'd be there once a week until I had tried most everything on the menu. One more thing: this place, like a lot of good places, doesn't look like much from the outside. It's upstairs at a pretty average-looking Chinatown strip mall. Don't let that stop you.
5	Go this place if you want to taste the Authentic Japanese Cuisine!I highly recommend this place with their quality of food.Price is affordable. Service is alright.It's all about the taste.This restaurant is always packed so you should make a reservation before you go.I waited 40 minutes to be seated but IT'S WORTH IT.
4	Ichiza, hope its just not me but everything I've heard about Ichiza I just can't agree with. You either absolutely love it or you just hate it. I wouldn't say I hated this place more on the side of I expected more from a place so hyped. Obviously this place is over hyped. Japanese Dishes: 3/5 I ordered a Gyu don (beef bowl $5.50) I love Japanese beef bowls with a side of Mapo Tofu (spicy tofu $4.15). I wasn't too impressed by their recipe. Most mapo Tofu's I've tried are spicy and the sauce is a bit thick but at ichiza I felt it was really bland and soupy. The Gyu don tasted like a beef bowl, not a Japanese beef bowl it didn't taste authentic, I also felt like something was missing. The portions were also pretty small. Sushi: 4/5 After reading a few reviews I thought I'd try the deep fried California roll. I'm not much of a roll person or a deep fried person and California rolls aren't even sushi. BUT it was actually pretty good, I also ordered the Dragon roll which was OVER SAUCED. Its suppose to be eel,cucumbers, and avocado drizzled with eel sauce for a bit of color and flavor, but I think they went sauce happy on my roll. Alcohol: 5/5 The famous sake bombs at Ichiza, I suggest don't come here if its a date or a small group. Ichiza is known for big groups of drunks at their low tables slamming on the table doing sake bombs all night long!Seating: 4/5 I like Ichiza's Japanese style ambiance. You can get seated around the bar (which doesn't give you much elbow room next to the person beside you) or at their tables. I love their low Japanese tables its something you have to try at least once. Wait: 3/5 The wait here can be pretty long up to 45 min depending on the time and day you you. On the weekends I know this place gets pretty busy and it's small so seating is limited. Expect a wait.
4	my most favorite Japanese tapas bar
4	Amazing and authentic Japanese food! Came here late night on a Monday.  It was close to 1am and the place was packed, there's wasnt an empty table anywhere.  Only a handful of customers weren't Asian.  The waitress was super friendly and very helpful. I got the eel with cucumber, a friend's recommendation, and it was soo good!  I also got sushi, it was shrimp and topped with a delicious piece of tuna.  Loved it!  I also enjoyed the DIY drink.  The sell Shochu, tastes kind of like vodka, very mild flavor. They serve it with club soda and your choice of fruit (or plain on the rocks).  I ordered it with grapefruit and they brought me half of a fresh grapefruit and a manual glass juicer and a shot of simple syrup. And voila, you make your own drink!  Will definitely came again next time I'm in Vegas!
4	pleasant surprise in Las Vegas Chinatown.the garlic steamed clams were yum.the oysters (2 per order) were yum.  they are big but the sauce they put on it had a nice kick to it.i liked the flavor of the kimchi fried rice but not the kimchi inside it.the yellow tail tartar was a tad to mayo-y for me.  it comes on chips and is mixed with mayo and avocado chunks with a bed of rice.  the price wasn't that bad either.there was a wait of 20 minutes at 9pm on a monday.
2	For many years, this was THE only decent Izakaya in Las Vegas. Actually, one of the few "pretty pretty good" Japanese restaurants. Double actually, one of the only Japanese restaurants run by Japanese people. And so...it was busy, and quite good (for Las Vegas).When I visited last week, the owner/manager who always stood in the front - glaring at you - was gone. I mean, gone gone. The place was functioning like the kids took over - disorganized, sloppy  and rude service, condescending staff...like some magical fairy or Doraemon came in here and just sparkly-poofed Ichiza into another typical mess of a fake-Japanese restaurant.Being an Izakaya, we (party of 4) did not order one thing and find ourselves disappointed. And no, we did not order "rolls". We ordered Japanese food. And it was terrible. All of it. Not one person in our party finished their food. The yakitori and gyu-tan was bland, burnt and dry. The ramen was nasty. And as to the plethora of teeny tiny dishes of stuff we chose off the wall, the only memorable thing was this nasty and (still half frozen) fried cheese thing that was a lactose disaster waiting to happen.Sometimes a restaurant has a bad night. But something was wrong here. If I found out that they sold it, I would not be surprised. When everything is off, its time to go elsewhere. Luckily, downstairs is a decent Japanese-run Yakiniku - Yagyu - with a sign/font that looks like its from a Charlie Chan movie. If you don't have fun here - head down there for something far improved.Still if you're comparing this place to the majority of restaurants on Spring Street, it might even be good. And that's why I hate eating in Las Vegas.
5	First time eating this type of Japanese food and it was great!  The food was fresh and the service was excellent.  We flew into Vegas for a business trip and my wife wanted to eat here.  It was simply a great experience.  When we were eating, we talked to a bunch of locals and they too raved about how great the place is.  I definitely recommend this place for Japanese tapas!
5	I came here with my husband on a business trip that he had.  I heard about this place through a friend and decided that I wanted to try it.    We were seated right away (bear in mind this was on a weekday and we came in just as they opened).  The place was cozy and you can see the kitchen staff preparing the food.  I knew this place was going to be authentic...the kitchen staff were Japanese!  There are other Japanese restaurants that I've been to in the bay area and the kitchen staff are not Japanese.We were a little overwhelmed with the selection, even though they provided a menu for us the restaurant had placed a variety of different items on the wall that was not on the menu.  We kept on looking at the wall for the things to order vs. the menu since it looked like there were more items on the wall than the menu. We told our server we have never been at the restaurant before and asked for her recommendation.  She was extremely helpful and told us what the most popular dishes were.  We ordered the following:Grilled squid - yummy!Marinated fried chicken - our favorite dishGrilled black cod - this was my 2nd favorite!seared beef Sea UrchinOystersAgedashi tofu - same as any other restaurant but had to get my this since I love tofuShrimp & EggplantSushi with tuna and spinachBeef tongue & chicken gizzard skewersHoney toast for dessertThe food was AMAZING!  We were so stuffed by the time dessert came around but I HAD to try the honey toast.  The honey toast is a great creation, I would have never thought about that but now that I have tasted it I can easily make this at home for the kids to try.  It's good but nothing to go out of the way to eat if you have had it once.The next time we go back to Vegas, we're definitely going to come back!
2	food here was good. ate the chow mein, calamari, wasabi octopus, and a roll. this would have been a better review but they ruined our dinnner. in the middle of our meal they asked us to move to another table in order to make room for someone else. that just ruined the rest of the dinner and ruined our appetite.
5	After arriving in Las Vegas late night on Friday, my friend and I were looking for a good sushi place to eat that was open until 4am so we ended up here. This was more in "China Town" so it was a bit off the strip but it was well worth it. The place was located upstairs in the plaza and it was very cozy. Even around 1:30AM there were quite a few people there. The hostess and servers were really nice and very accommodating but our server was a bit hard to understand at times but she didn't mind repeating things for us. I loved how attentive they were to us and how the manager himself called the cab for us when we requested it.Note: There is more to the menu than what they hand you. There are a lot of items that they serve on the wall. If anything, just ask your server for help deciding what to order. Ours was amazing and we liked everything she recommended.The food will be annotated since I'm already a week late:Beef Tongue: One skewer with thick grilled slices of beef tongue. It had a good flavor to it and the meat was tender with a nice texture.Toro (Tuna): They had all 3 grades. We bought the highest grade and it was served with the under-skin attached. The sashimi was served in huge thick slices. The sashimi came with sliced radish, black fish eggs, and wasabi. This was delicious as the tuna just melted in your mouth and then the skin added a nice texture to the fish.Yellowtail Cocktail: Reminded me of a sushi taco. It had two friend wonton wrappers with rice in between with a mix of diced tomatoes, kewpie, green onions, yellowtail sashimi, and avocado. I really enjoyed the crunch of the wonton wrappers and the wonderful "cocktail" on top. The flavor was delicious, the sashimi was fresh and prominent, and the tomatoes, green onions, and avocado added a nice flavor and texture to it all.Gizzard: One skewer with slightly charred gizzard. I liked this overall for the taste and texture, but I think I was more distracted by the other dishes.Black Cod Fish Filet: If you like a really buttery tasting fish, you'll love this one. This was grilled so it had a nice crispy skin, but on the inside was flakey, buttery, and oily like a well-cooked Chilean sea bass. This had a fall-apart-and-melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness that was slightly sweet and savory.Saba Grilled Miso: Had a good savory flavor with a touch of miso. I really liked the crisp skin that contrasted the juicy but slightly chewy meat. As with any Saba, it had a bit of a fishy flavor, but the fishy flavor wasn't as prominent like when you eat the sashimi.Salmon Sashimi: Well worth the price! There were 5 thick, 1 cm cuts of salmon. It was an amazingly good portion, beautiful presentation, and good marbling on each piece.Tuna Poki: This was fresh blue fin tuna mixed with seaweed salad that had 4 different types of seaweed in it. Each one added a different but nice texture to the dish. I liked the nice soy sauce and sesame seed flavor.Another thing to note here was a good selection of sake.Overall, I had an amazing experience. The place is open late. The service was great: really nice, always refilled our waters, cleared our plates, made sure we didn't need anything, got everything we needed promptly, and helped us order delicious food. The food was amazing: the portions were good, sushi was fresh, flavor was amazing, and the presentation of each plate was pretty. I can't wait to come back here again!
4	Great spot to eat late!  Very good, authentic eats at a decent price...The ramen is good, but not my favorite.  However, the little extras we ordered such as the grilled whole mackrel and garlic veggies etc are awesome and very flavorful.  Try the crab fried rice too!I've tried the sushi here and it was ok....but I would recommend many other sushi spots if you are craving that.  Otherwise, give it a go!
2	My friends swear by this place, they go regularly, so they dragged me along one late night.The service was acceptable.  Not great, not bad.I ordered katsudon and a soda, I'll get to the taste is a second.  My bill was $15.  That is outrageous.  All the Donburi (rice bowls) on their menu were $6 or $7 dollars.  They served Tonkatsu, so I asked if they do katsudon and they said yes, they just hadn't updated their menu in a while, hence why it wasn't on there.  No, I'm pretty damn sure the reason it wasn't on there is so they can hit you with charging you double price when you get the bill.  $12.50 for a rice bowl is insane.  I have never, across four states and two countries, paid more than $10 for a basic rice bowl.  And the tonkatsu plate on their menu was $9, so it obviously wasn't pork vs chicken that caused the price to raise. This alone is the reason I would not go back.  I don't like getting cheated on my bill, and if I'm going to pay that level of upcharge, I better get spectacular service or be eating on the strip.At least the katsudon wasn't bad.  It wasn't particularly good either, but at least it wasn't bad.  The pork chop/cutlet/whatever was pretty small, but it tasted fine.
5	I visited Ichiza twice so far, and both times have been exceptional! I love how it looks just like if you're in Japan. The hostess welcomes you warmly as soon as you open the door. I sat at the bar on both occasions. The hostesses are very kind also on the farewell. The servers have both been pretty good with their English and their manners, always smiling and happy to explain the menu.Of the things I've tried 1st visit... the ramen with pork it was delicious; the sashimi platter (great portions for one as a main meal); the Tuna Poki was soooo good!; the crepe with banana was great too. Had other items but can't remember! Everything was delicious though. On my 2nd visit I was just craving sushi, so I went and tried to order a roll but on the menu there are only 3 rolls. So I asked the waitress, she pointed a the wall above the bar and there were the sushi rolls... in Japanese! So I simply told her I'm allergic to shellfish and if the chef could make me a roll with fish such as tuna/salmon/yellowtail it would be great. She spoke to the chef and a few minutes later BHAM! the perfect roll! The chef is a psychic, I thought! Salmon/cucumber inside, rice outside, tuna/yellowtail on top outside, avocado and masago on top of the each cut piece. Just what I needed at 2AM! I just love the freshness and the texture of their fish, it's very high on the quality meter! They have a good selection of Sake, beer, and wine (yumm!).I'm so lucky to live near China Town, I'll be coming back for more!
4	The food is good and varied enough that there is something for everyone here.  Don't limit your selections to the menu in hand, read the walls.  That's where all the new and interesting stuff is.  The servers don't speak english, which creates a sense of authenticity...and tons of problems.  We have been there dozens of times, and they have never brought our entire order.  They never charge us for the food they miss, but it's a bit of a joke at this point.  Food hightlights:  shisyamo (regular and sun dried), beef tongue and chicken skewers (but sometimes they burn it and serve it anyway), ramen dx, and honey toast (takes 20 minutes, but worth the wait).
4	We ate here because our friend has a 10%off card, the portions are small, but the food was good, so for cost in respect to portion, I would say this place is a bit pricy. I've eaten here a past couple of times, and so far everything I tried was good, only down side though was that it was hard to understand and visualize the many because they have a lot of items I am not familiar with and some descriptions are not too well put, and of course I can't remember what we had the last time. I think they just need to improve their menus. Overall this is a pretty popular place and it is always packed, so be prepared to wait a bit for a seat especially if it is peak times.
4	One of the things that always strikes me about Japanese restaurants is how "americanized" they tend to be. This is not so at Ichiza, which is probably my favourite place to eat in Las Vegas.  It's an izakaya so forget the menu and order off the wall. That's where all the good stuff is anyway including the "Eel Kaarage tempura roll" (or as I like to call it: the best thing that I have eaten in my entire life). You won't find any "all you can eat" sushi here but if you're looking for good, authentic Japanese fare, this is definitely the place to go. Only con: Be prepared to wait for a long time to get in, especially if you're going during meal times. It's worth it though.
3	Was definitely not four star worthy good. I wouldve given it two stars but the service is pretty good. Don't remember much about the meal besides the fact that nothing was all that awesome. Honey toast=not as amazeballs as everyone makes it out to be. Woah 3 inch toast! Big whoop..... Bottom line, ichiza isn't the best but it apparently appeals to the las Vegas crowd and that's all that matters right? Don't come here expecting amazing izakaya style food. Want to visit a good izakaya? Go to LA.
2	Difficult to order, servers that don't speak English, and food that's gone down-hill over the years. At this point, I'm finding Ichiza izakaya over-rated. FOOD: Running around the restaurant trying to order off-the-wall hasn't been easy or successful. My usual for the past few years has been the ahi tuna tartare, mackeral nigiri, and Ramen DX. They are permanent items and not on the ever-changing menu plastered around the facility. After a recent visit, I discovered the ramen no longer tastes the same and the cha-siu has lost the flavor I found so addicting. I was obsessed with the mackerel nigiri (saba) from here because it was cured with a unique balance of salt & vinegar and melded with a bed of yellow fish eggs. Not anymore, its plain old mackerel now and isn't special what-so-ever.AUTHENTICITY: My friend from Japan worked at Ichiza a while back. She told me stories of under-washed vegetables, a caterpillar in a bowl of ramen, and how the recipes and ingredients are just NOT what the Japanese consider really good food.SERVICE: Maybe its just me, but I get incredibly angry when my order can't be taken correctly. I speak up, I speak clearly, and I speak in an un-complicated way that should be able to be understood. The girls here don't understand simple restaurant requests and quite frequently get my order wrong. I have little to no patience for people in the service-industry that cannot speak or at least understand English well enough to perform at an optimum level.For the sake of my belly and sanity, I probably won't elect to come here on most occasions. Ichiza is no longer the only place for izakaya!
4	The food at Ichiza is great! I went on a Friday night and it was so crowded that we had to share a table with two other random groups. That was a unique experience in itself. Like mentioned in some of the other reviews, the menu is displayed across the walls creating a unique style for the restaurant. What we ordered: Appetizer:-Beef tataki is very very rare beef , soaked in ponzu sauce ( a tangy, citrus-based sauce). This is definitely a dish you want to try if you like being adventurous or enjoy trying unique foods. The dish is served cold and has a lot of citrus flavor. This is definitely one of the best ways to prepare beef and is a must try.Main Dishes:- The Udon was good, but wasn't anything particularly special. It came with egg and shiitake mushroom. I recommend getting this if you don't feel like experimenting with any other foods. It's guaranteed to be good.-Black cod in miso (butterfish) wasn't my favorite, but if you are a fan of it, you might enjoy it. It doesn't come with rice or anything else, so if you are hoping to eat it with some rice, you might need to order that separately. It is a little salty, so be prepared.Dessert:- Coffee Jello. This was a unique and delicious dessert unlike any I have tried before. The jello is served with a small amount of coffee to heighten the coffee taste and make more of an impact when you take your first bite. It is served with a thick whipped cream that tastes like it has to be homemade. Everything about this dessert is amazing, so definitely give it a try if you're a coffee lover.-Honey toast. The honey toast was definitely the highlight of the meal. Not only is the portion huge (prepare to share unless you're really hungry!), but it is addicting! The combination of honey and vanilla ice cream is definitely a match made in heaven. The outside of the toast is cooked perfectly to add a little crunch to the soft center. It is roughly $8, but worth every penny in my opinion. Overall I had a great experience at Ichiza and plan on going back there soon.
4	So I was here on a business trip and the regional team in Vegas asked me what I wanted to eat.  Vegas buffets were out since I'm trying not to eat my weight in food and all I really wanted was some yummy sushi.  So while they briefly considered taking me to a sushi buffet where I could also eat my weight in food, I'm glad they decided to take me to Ichiza instead.Now, I was a little skeptical.  Even though I wanted sushi, sometimes I know that sushi in a landlocked state can be...questionable.  But this is Vegas, and goodness it was good!  SO!  Let's start off with the fish quality.  It was absolutely delectable!  I know places along the coast that don't have fish as fresh as Ichiza.  The sashimi was delicious and the couple of sushi rolls that we did have were creative and had great flavor.  I'm not sure what the name of the roll we got was, but it was on the wall.  It was something with eel and a fried sweet potato and a California roll.  Sounds a bit odd, but really it went together really well.  The spciy tuna roll was not particularly spicy, which is a good thing for me since I can't handle the heat.  We also got the shrimp fried rice and that stuff is addicting.  I mean, I was trying to stay away from it but I kept winding up with more on my plate.  The beef tataki in ponzu sauce was great as well, but not exciting enough to write home about since we have similar quality things back home.  This place gets packed so get there early, but when I'm in town and want sushi, I'm definitely coming back here.
4	This is officially my new favorite Japanese restaurant.I came here for Girl's Day on March 3rd with my boyfriend and was taken away.Ambiance - I love it. Pretty traditional for a Japanese bar food place, especially with majority of the menu not being on the menu.  That is the BIGGEST thing to make a note of.  My boyfriend and I looked at the menu and ordered stuff, but after ordering we noticed a whole bunch of other things posted on the walls.Food - Great grilled food.  We had the cow tongue and pork belly and it was tasty.  You definitely tasted the natural-ness in a deep beefy flavor and the charred taste that you LOVE on grilled meat.  My boyfriend loved it!  We also had karage chicken, which was SO juicy and delicious.  I've had some crappy ones, but this one was good.  We ordered beef curry also, and my boyfriend said hands down this is the best curry he has had.  I would come here just for that.  I thought it was good, although I thought it was different for me to have mushrooms in curry.  The last thing we tried was their house ramen.  We didn't get this until we ate everything else we ordered, which kind of sucked.  The ramen was "meh" in my opinion.  Everything else overshadowed it and that is the only thing I wouldn't reorder in the future.  I definately want to try the honey toast next time and we will try to get curry katsu, grilled corn, so many other things.  Their menu is so expansive it requires multiple trips and tummies.Price - I didn't care too much about this and tried not to pay attention because it felt like we just kept ordering.  I would say that it was probably average priced for the quality and quantity that you get.  Even if it ended up being an arm and a leg in price I would come again.I definitely will be coming here again soon. Way awesome!
4	I love the wide variety of food items that they serve. I could be munching on some beef tongue skewers and downing some ramen, one night. Then treating myself to some really good japanese curry, the next day. Did I mention they also serve the best honey toast dessert in town? Oh yeah, sushi. They have that too.
4	I remember coming here for a dinner date and must I say, the servers were very nice, very attentive. I would definitely recommend you guys to visit this place :) The food , the service, and the workers here are great!
3	Call ahead and make a reservation~!Try going on a Wednesday night around 8ish it was packed, 45 min wait. sigh tried going on a Sunday night 7pm called 1st this time 1hr and 30 mins wait time. sigh..
4	I was traveling for work in Vegas, and I wanted to try something different before my flight out. I found this and decided to try it. It seemed very traditional (or shoud I say authentic?). This seems like the place native japanese would go. Much of the food are items that are not part of the typical American palette. The food was good and the service was good. The biggest challenge was that it was so Japanese that it was hard to understand how and what I was ordering. It would be great to go with a translator.
4	The Honey Toast is to die for. Awesome sushi. The wait was horrendous. But I'll be back.
5	I'm a HUGE FAN of Ichiza. I was lucky enough to be able to walk-in and get a table after only a 15 minute wait on a Friday night around 8:30 pm. In the past, I couldn't even get a reservation at a decent time, but the odds must've been in favor this time. Beef tongue - Tsukune and beef tongue are my tests for good yakitori and Ichiza delivered. Really good!Yellowtail tar tar - My favorite of the night.Kimchee fried rice - Nothing spectacular, but nice to have some rice to eat with some of the other items ordered.Fried chicken - Simple yet delicious, especially with the accompanying dipping sauce.Tsukune - Smaller in size than some, but super good!Eel tempura roll - Looked inventive, but essentially just an eel tempura roll. Good, but not great.Black cod - Buttery deliciousness.Honey toast - So very sweet. One person cannot finish this. In fact, three people cannot finish this.Food came out at a good pace. Staff was attentive and friendly. The actual menu doesn't even touch on all the other items you can order. There are so many more items on the wall that I have to try next time. I think I will have to make a trip here every time I come back to Vegas.
5	Great, inexpensive and authentic Izakaya-style restaurant.   Reasonable prices, good sake selection and interesting menu with lots of specials.  Probably not the best place if you want sushi but they did have several sashimi options of "not the usual" fish they imported from Japan.  They have tables and communal style seating.  I'm very picky about Japanese food and this is about as good as it gets for informal, izakaya style food.
4	A regular spot for us, everything we ate was delicious...Seared mackerel, pressed mackerel, assorted pickles, grilled squid (grilled to perfection.) We finally saved room for dessert and we had the much vaunted honey toast. Good, but not great and a bit pricy. I don't get the hype. The coffee jello was better, to me.
1	I'm a bit saddened writing this especially since Ichiza has been one of my go to places for a very long time. Tonight however, I had the worst experience! My friends and I came for some of their delicious honey toast after having dinner somewhere else. After taking our orders, our server gave us an attitude as she took our plates away. Perhaps it's because we ordered just desserts and drinks? I didn't see what the problem was since it was late Tuesday night and the place wasn't packed.Five people from our group ordered hot/iced coffee and the server brought only 1 small cup of sugar & 1 equally small cup of cream. For FIVE coffees? Really? Oh and those watered down iced coffees & small cups of hot coffee also cost us $4.50 each. So for 3 honey toasts and 6 drinks (1 was a soda), the bill came out to $52. That was more expensive than the delicious BBQ ribs we had for dinner before coming to this place. I am so disappointed!
4	best honey toast in town! love love love the short ribs!
3	We came here after a loong drive from LAWe came here after a looooooooong drive from LA. My bros and husband have been here before, but we're too drunk to remember if it was good :/There were a few people waiting, but we were quickly taken in. The place is buzzing with people and waitresses taking order and passing out food. We ordered their ICHIZA Ramen DX (miso soup based ramen), chicken skewers, fried mozzarella cheese (wrapped in egg roll wrapper), pork 'n nappa (stir fried pork with shiitake mushrooms), and chicken bowl with egg. I enjoyed everything minus the chicken bowl. The chicken tasted like it was just microwaved and then they dumped scrambled egg on top. There's nothing to rave about. It's just OK.We came here after a looooooooong drive from LA. My bros and husband have been here before, but we're too drunk to remember if it was good :/There were a few people waiting, but we were quickly taken in. The place is buzzing with people and waitresses taking order and passing out food. We ordered their ICHIZA Ramen DX (miso soup based ramen), chicken skewers, fried mozzarella cheese (wrapped in egg roll wrapper), pork 'n nappa (stir fried pork with shiitake mushrooms), and chicken bowl with egg. I enjoyed everything minus the chicken bowl. The chicken tasted like it was just microwaved and then they dumped scrambled egg on top. There's nothing to rave about. It's just OK.
4	I love this place because it feels like your really in Japan, when you get inside there are menu items posted all over the walls around, in english and in Japanese. atmosphere is great, servers are cute and friendly. most of all the food is really good.
4	Came here with my buddies on a trip to Vegas a couple of weeks back, this was my second time to Ichiza. Disclaimer: you're getting a white boy's take on an authentic Japanese restaurant.In short, the food here is great if you can figure out what you're ordering and if you're able to communicate with the waitresses just ask them to suggest some items.  This place is a refreshing change from the standard Orange County / LA County Japanese fare.  If you're in Vegas for the weekend, if you're tired to crappy buffets filled with overweight midwesterners, and if you don't want to overpay at one of the new overrated restaurants on the strip, this place is a great option.
4	Nice place to get a quick fix.  Place is always packed and seating is very tight.  Table sharing happens here.  My gf and I tried a number of different items (fried rice, skewers beef, pork, crock pot pork with egg, udon).  All very nicely done, except for the crock pot pork wit egg (very dry and expensive for one piece of pork).  Service is nice and friendly.  Place probably won't look clean to some people, but I'm fine with it. Parking is a pain.  Had to park in a different plaza and walk over.
5	I've been going to Ichiza before Yelp was around, so the amount of check-ins i have don't do me justice. (currently its 1)  I was in high school when i first went here. It was busy, cramped and just how i imagine japan to be. Tables full, a sushi bar and they even have a Kotatsu-like area that makes Ichiza a very homy place.  But the thing that attracted me the most were the pieces of paper posted on the wall which turns out to be menu items! and i'm still on a mission to try each and every one of their items. (i think i'm about 80% ^_^)  Ichiza is basically all japanese cuisine rolled in to one place. (no pun intended) only thing missing is a teppanyaki grill. if you're the type who orders a lot  instead of just one main course then this place is definitely for you. from donburi to yakitori, sushi to ramen, and everything else in between Ichiza is THE place to experience something new, or to just fill your tummy during late hours. Tips:-always check the wall to see whats new, if not sure ask the servers. they're friendly, knowledgeable about the menu and cute too.Recommendations: -Buttered Corn (sweet buttered corn on top of wonton chips)-Yellowtail Tartar (crispy bite sized yellowtail sandwiches topped with avocado )-Sakana Pinchos(mackerel, tuna, squid, shrimp mixed and matched in nigiri form)-okonomiyaki (japanese savory pancake, topped with bonito and mayo)-beef bowl (exceptionally delicious beef bowl)-uni mochi (sounds weird? try it)-custard with uni (ohhhh yeaaaahhh...)-ankimo (fish liver.... dont get intimidated by the word liver.. just try it)crispy chow mien (fried noodles topped with a dark mushroom sauce)-honey toast (its an Ichiza tradition to end your meal with it!)theres so much more but.... just go dammit!
4	I haven't been to Vegas in YEARS and this is the first place my friends took me to when I arrived.  Let me tell you, what a welcome.The restaurant itself is cute, typical Japanese looking restaurants reminds me alot of GUU Garlic in Vancover and smaller places in NYC.Since we were visitors, our friends took care of the ordering.  These are all tapas style, so it's a great spot to drink and munch.1) Beef Tongue Skewers -  this was good very tender.2) Fried Oysters - they were kind of big, I think I would've preferred raw oysters over these, they were only okay.3)  Garlic Chicken Gizzards - Normally I am not a fan of this, but this was actually very tasty - they were chopped up pretty fine so it wasn't as chewy than the normal that I am use to.4)  Bacon Wrapped Mochii - well this was kind of interesting.  Cant say that I loved it.  It is what it sounds, bacon wrapped in mochi - it was a bacon wrapped in chewy dough. 5).  Buttered Corn - served on top of wonton chips, this next to the honey toast was my favorite.I think we might have had another chicken skewer - but wasn't sure what it was called, beef tongue was defintely better.To finish off of course we had the Honey Toast.  Never had anything like this before and wish I can learn how to make this on my own.  It was sweet, cinnamon, and topped off with ice cream.  Defnitely a must order.
3	Walking into the restaurant makes me feel like I really am in Japan. They have a couple tables where you sit on the floor just like in Japan. Not only do they have a regular menu, but they have additional items all over the restaurant. Everything that I've tried here, which isn't much, is average. Nothing really stands out to me, personally. Some of  the dishes I have seen come out of the kitchen really do look appealing though. The soymilk mousse is something to be aware of. It is pretty good and definitely unique. Worth a try.
4	HONEY TOAST!!!  Its plain and delish!  It had been 3 yrs since I last had one here and was eager to stuff my face with some yummy goodness.But first we decided to get a little bit of good in the tummy.  It was 11pm when we got here so we tried to keep it light.Wasabi Ika (squid) ~ it was fresh squid in a wasabi sauce garnished with pickled daikon.  It was very refreshing!Agedashi tofu ~ I luv this dish and luv making it at home!Ika butter ~ Sauteed squid in butter and onions.Asparagus bacon and Gizzards (sunagimo) ~ Two yakitori that I often get when its available.Okra Natto ~ 2 of my fave slimy food hell yeah!!!Sake flight ~ From Ginjo, Junmai, Daiginjo all were pretty good tasting. Honey Toast ~ Hmm what can I say...... Its damn good so you have to try it.  Toast, Honey and Ice Cream!  Yum Yum!This place is way off the strip but worth going to to.  Its open late so you can get some good grub here!  I still like the izakaya in my hood but this place is a good spot in sin city!Eyes ~ My eyes are on the Honey toast!Nose ~ I smell yummyness!Ear ~ Its a late night but still pretty busy and lively!Mouth ~ Everything is tasty but I want some honey!Tummy ~ Ahhh finally some honey toast!
3	I literally spend 10 minutes making fun of the old man that runs this place, and then when I turned around he was standing right there. He was really pissed. The average wait time here is 40 minutes. I don't get this place. Tourist from Japan always ask me how to get here. Apparently, even in Japan they advertise this place. It smelled horrible in here today. The smell was a combination of ammonia and paint. Apparently the construction in the shop next door is causing this horrible stench. To me, "Anime Ramen" downstairs has a way better tasting Honey Toast. The Honey Toast here at ICHIZA is presented artistically and impressively, but it just doesn't have the impressive taste like the one at "Anime". At "Anime", they batter and fry the pieces of toast and give you a scoop of ice cream they intentionally over froze, so that it doesn't melt immediately on the hot bread. I also like how at "Anime", they use a real Japanese brand of ice cream instead of some generic super market brand. Personally, I didn't really like anything here. I'm just giving it 3-stars because I feel bad about pissing off the old man.
5	Located a few minutes from the Vegas Strip, Ichiza is a welcome break from the endless $1.99 shrimp cocktail specials and all-you-can-eat buffets.  This small and authentic Japanese hole-in-the-wall is a favorite among Vegas locals and for good reason...everything is delicious and dirt, dirt cheap.  My table ordered:Ramen DX - The miso based broth was a bit bland and watery but the tender braised pork cheek topping was to quote Penny from Happy Endings "A-mah-zing!"Crab Fried Rice - For a little less than $8 you get a HUGE serving of fried rice with tons of fresh jumbo lump crab meat!  No imitation crab meat here..no siree Bob!  An order of this in the DMV area would cost at least $14.Blue Fin Tuna Poki - I prefer my poki with ahi tuna but that is just personal preference.  The fish was very fresh and seasoned perfectly with a blend of soy sauce, sesame oil, and sesame seeds.Beef Tongue Skewer - I will eat almost anything but not tongue (tongue bumps are one of the greatest fears in my life).  However this got rave reviews from my table mates for its tenderness and mild flavor.Miso Marinated Black Cod - Buttery, flaky and light -- I can't complain (although I will say I prefer Kushi's version a bit  better because it has a stronger flavor).  Beef Tataki - Surprisingly my tongue eating friends would not touch this dish because the beef was served rare.  I on the other hand ate the entire dish with gutso.  Honey Toast - This is basically a big stack  of toasted sandwich bread, slathered in honey and ice cream.  Totally worth the wait.  Total damage?  $59I don't even think David Blaine could conjure up something as magical as this himself.
5	Let's just get to the nitty gritty and talk about Las Vegas' favorite dessertHoney Toast - Yeah, half a loaf of bread. Toasted. Shaped like a house. Topped with Vanilla Ice Cream. Drizzled with Honey. Self explanitory. Delicious. Wanna go eat some more. Bomb. The End.
5	One of the most creative Japanese bar-food restaurants (I think it's called izakaya) that I've ever been to. The selection of dishes is great here and an awesome place to hang out for dinner, late-night snacks/drinks, etc etc. Definitely one of the best hits in Vegas, imo. Here's what I recommended: - Red Snapper Carpaccio: Amazingly fresh, great sauce and pretty presentation. - Yellowtail Tar Tar: Very creative and kind of look like a sandwich with yellowtail/avocado on top, crisps on two sides and sticky rice in middle. Interesting combination but turned out very tasty and filling at the same time. - Octopus Wasabi: my all-time favorite and the portion here is generous and price is wayyyyy reasonable! - Uni Toasted Mochi: never ever had this before and it was surprisingly tasty. Another creative combination that is to keep; fresh soft sea urchin on top and sticky toasted mochi on bottom that brings out extra texture and taste. yummmm- Smelt, smelt, smelt: tried both deep fried and grilled....definitely stick with the grilled ones...omg, can never have enough of those. Too bad some the Japanese restaurants I go to in NY stopped carrying smelts, a really sad case. - Beef Tongue Skewer: tender, juicy, and squeeze a bit lemon juice on it, sooo sooo good. -Beef Tataki: raw beef with seared sides...one of my husband's favorites.-Stir fried chicken gizzard: very flavorful and another great dish to have while sipping sake ;)Overall, food was great, service was very friendly and most importantly, this place opens past midnight! A great place to chill off the strip.
4	I really enjoyed this place. It's a little off the strip, but pretty close. We had several appetizers, all of which were great. Beef carpaccio, agedashi tofu, and a couple of sushi items I remember distinctly but do not know the name of - they were all delicious.I had spicy ramen noodles, which were also pretty good. My friend got a big plate of sashimi. I had a piece, and it was fantastic. Also tried another friend's kimchee fried rice, which I enjoyed. Service was decent, although they confiscated two boba teas from our party until the end of the meal. I hate it when places have silly policies like that.
4	As long as your not trying to go at prime time during the weekend, your fine. Beware, this place gets packed during peak hours. Def get the takoyaki, yellowtail tar tar, butter fish and eel fried rice! Just thinking about it is making me droooool
1	This review is not about the quality of food or the service from 99% of the employees at Ichiza, it's about one individual male host and his lack of customer service. i've frequented this restaurant many times and always have had a great experience but last night made me question if i ever will go back. My wife and i showed up and waited behind a group of 3, all the tables were occupied which is normal at this place. I had told the host that we preferred a table and he told me that the bar was available soon. When it was our turn to be seated a table was just clearing up as another group of 3 individuals was just arriving. After telling the host that we prefer to be seated at the table that was being cleared, he told us in a very rude tone "you can not sit there, it's for 4 people." He then proceeds to sit the the group that had just arrived after my wife and i had been waiting patiently. He then proceeds to walk us over to the bar to show us our seats. After taking a second to take this all in, i was so upset about how we were just treated, my wife and i walked out of the restaurant. This was a slow night and their were couples in the restaurant seated at 4 tops and for us to be told that we were not able to do the same was ridiculous. There was also a full bench in the back of the restaurant that was completely unoccuppied.I've recommended this place to many of my clientel who wants to get away from the Strip but never again, this unacceptable hospitality. The food may be decent but service always comes first.
5	This is my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas and favorite Japanese restaurant in the entire United States. People crack me up complaining about it being busy or hard to get a table. Get yourself a reservation, deal with it, or go somewhere else. It's busy because the food is amazing, and the selection is unbeatable.
2	I'd like to point out that I am an Ichiza fan! However, recently they have been declining in quality.I would also like to point out that recently, Ichiza has a C rating on their cleanliness. Their ratings are hidden behind the cash register, and it is a wonder why I did not enjoy their sushi so much.
1	i used to love this place but i have noticed the quality in food has gone a bit and the rude service about always telling my party that the tables a reserved and that we only have at least 45 min to eat if we still want to be seated....are u freaking kidding me?! how are the same tables ALWAYS reserved at "7:30PM"?!?!?! finally someone told me who used to work there says that is just a LIE! there are NO reservations!!! they reserve that for people who has a party of 4 or more, so it doesnt matter if u came first w/ a group of 3 people, the party with 4 or more who comes in after u gets the tables. i can't stand this rude service anymore. read the other comments everyone, see the pattern about the tables??? lol reserve my butt
2	hmmm Maybe my expectation was too high...as a native Japanese, it was ok. Beer was not cold(mehhh!!), appetizer came slow, food was not so hot(arrg!). The special roll, Unagi kakiage roll was good(yay!). The hostess are nice....
5	Great place to eat with friends, always busy, and atmosphere is always fun. There might be some wait at time but I always take my friends here when we are in the mood for some japanese food.
5	Order the scallops with salmon.there's only 2 per order for $5 but it's so good!!!!!
5	I can't say anymore good things about this place that hasn't already been said.  I will just list a couple of my must eats when I go.Garlic Chicken GizzardBeef TatakiTuna TatakiTempura Eel Kakiage RollBlack CodGrilled SquidOctopus Cucumber Seaweed Salad...just to name a few.
5	Love this place!! Tough to get a seat during busy hours, but worth it. The variety of dishes is mind blowing, and the service is great. I have yet to try a dish that I did not like...although the Black Cod and Crispy Fried Chicken have to be a couple of my favs. And of course, the Honey Toast is legendary. Now if only they could magically add more tables.....lol.
2	Oh my dear Ichiza, how I will miss you. Once, you were the only reason I really enjoyed coming to Las Vegas. I would rave about the amazing food you served to every friend who was making a trip to Sin City, but not anymore. The quality has gone downhill! I don't know if management changed, or if the economy finally took it's toll on you. Until I hear that things have changed for the better, farewell old friend.
5	This is the second time I have been to this place and I love it. It is located in China town and  it is not your typical Japanese restaurant. They don't have a lot of rolls like everyone else. The menu is always changing and you should order from the wall if you like something different. This time around my friend and I ordered:Mushroom wrapped in chicken skin- I liked this but my friend didn't. She doesn't care for chicken skin.Cold Ramen Noodle- This was good. It had chicken, bean sprouts, mushrooms and a few other things in it. I would order this again.Mackerel- This fish was good. It was sweet tasting.Tofu Steak- Too spicy for me. I couldn't even taste or feel my mouth for a long time.Seafood Scallop rock and roll- two bite sized pieces. These were really good. I would order again. Deep Fried Bacon wrapped pork tenderloin- This was really big. I was expecting bite sized nope not really. This item was just okay. I don't think I would order it again. The first few bits were good but the size of the pork on the stick was big.  The service is okay. They are always busy so you cant always get the best service and just so you know we went at 9pm on a Thursday and it was packed and people were still coming in. If you have a big party I recommend reserving a table.
1	Gets worse every time I come here.  The only reason I keep coming back is because of the food.  Service is horrendous. I was completely ignored. My food forgotten. Please please train your staff better. An appetizer dish should not be brought out after dessert. (restaurant wasn't even busy)
4	The first thing you have to know about Ichiza is that most of the good stuff is NOT on the menu.  Rather, the majority of menu items are posted on little sheets of paper filling all 4 walls.  And unfortunately, the wait staff is often so busy that they don't have much time to explain what half of these items are.  Fortunately, regular customers will!  Taking the advice of our next-door table, we had a great meal.  Just wish we had been able to come back to try a few more items.The food is very Japanese in that while it has a lot of traditional dishes like Oyakodon, it also has some very interesting Japanese takes on american foods. We didn't go too adventurous this time (we'll have to do that when we go back) and got the followingIka RingsPork fried UdonSpicy Tuna Rolland a few other items I'm forgetting now.However, the dish that made our meal was the Honey Toast, which they should really call the "Honey Loaf".  It's seriously half a loaf of bread toasted (the insides are amazingly fresh and doughy) covered with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream and a healthy layer of honey. Perfection.God damn it's good. Thankfully my wife was nearly full so I got to have some of her half as well.
5	This is the best authentic Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas, and I would honestly say in the United States as well. You may find better individual dishes elsewhere, but Ichiza specializes in having a multitude of amazing dishes from all types of Japanese cuisine. Think of it like a tapas style Japanese restaurant. I always say that if you are craving a certain international food... find out where people from that country eat (my wife included). That's Ichiza. Ha ha ha! ENJOY!
5	Great place to eat. The skewers are the shit. Try the liver, beef tongue and gizzards then sprinkle it with the pepper season. The beef tataki is also a good choice too if your into seared beef. This place is worth it if your into munching on small food and drinking.
2	Okay this place is famous for their "honey toast" so I ordered it because I had REAL honey toast at a Japanese place in Hawaii. The honey toast was the main reason why I came here because I loved it at the place called SHOKUDO in Honolulu. Well what a damn DISAPPOINTMENT! The toast here just tasted like a big piece of sour bread smeared with honey and a scoop of ice cream on top. Ichiza got it alllllll wrong. The toast didn't even have any bread cut into pieces or anything in it. It was way too sweet and just gross. Honey toast at Shokudo was bomb and orgasmic! ha ha Well I did order yellow tail tar tar and that was sooo delish! It is nothing I have ever had before and I would order it again. The yellow tail sashimi was alright too.
5	Came here in June with my buddies and damn this place is addicting.  Surprised I never came to this place after going to Vegas 10 times.   The fried squid legs, beef wagyu, and hamachi cerviche were so bomb.  From now on, everytime I go Vegas, I will visit this amazing place.
3	We were here for a late night snack. The place was packed. At first, we saw alot of customers are Japanese. That is a good sign, right? Not really. The  food was mediocre, pricey, and small.On the other hand, the atmosphere here is very lively, very hip. Most patrons here are party goers, young crowds that came after the club hopping. Also, the staffs are all young Japanese girls, very good looking ones by the way, so there is no way they can screw up the service.So, if you don't mind spending a little money and your heart is not at the food. Go there and feel hip.
3	The front of the house is a mess now. I went in last night and nobody greeted me for over five minutes. I tried to say "hello" and was ignored. I don't know why it takes two people to figure out one person's order but you should leave one person to at least acknowledge people that enter. I've also had issues in the recent last few months with erroneous charges on my check here. I'd still eat here, but be prepared to be patient.
5	This place is pretty amazing and truly authentic The food is delish!. Its also incredible that they are open late ! P.S. It gets pretty busy especially on the weekends but it is well worth the wait !
4	This place is good for the atmosphere. The food is okay. Nothing particularly stands out food wise except their honey toast.
3	Having been to Japan many times and having Izakaya style food has always been a delight for me.  I love going to these Japanese Pubs that focus on serving sake and drinks, an having tapas at the same time. There is some hit or miss with the food. The choice is outstanding, yet the quality is hit or miss. And, to get a bit more help from the servers would really help.1.  The Hours - 5 star - Hey, going to an izakaya for several rounds of drinking and drinking and eating, this is the place to go. They are like open until 3 or 4 in the morning....2.  The Food - 3.5  star - we ordered a ton of stuffFood Choice - 5 Star - Awesome. From your basics to your noodles and rice, this place has everything. Shishamo - 4 star - Very tasty overall, one order is 4 pieces of small grilled fish. Bluefin Toro - 5 star - I like the large cuts they give you and bout 5 in each serving. We were looking for o-toro and they did not have it. Still good, flavorful, nice texture.Marinated Grilled Chicken - 2 star - this was on their specials board, it kinda looked like Panda Express orange chicken, yet it was soggy and not really a texture that I would call, inspiring.  Taste was decent. Calimari - 2 star - This is my fault, as I am not an expert, just a fan. I figured calimari would be lightly breaded and fried, this was sauteed squid and while I enjoy squid in all forms, I was really expecting something else. It was not bad, I ate a lot of it, since others did not.Bok Choy - 3 star - We got two orders, so you know we wanted more. However, I am a huge bok choy fan.  The taste was great, nice garlic.  Just way over cooked. I like it al dente or just a bit more cooked than al dente. This was like real limpy.  Now I often overcook it at home when I am not paying attention and eat it all the time. I love it. Just that in restaurants I am picky and if I am paying for it, I want it perfect..... Again, we ordered a second serving, so the taste was good.Shrimp Fried Rice - 3 star - Not bad at all. Not sure how all the drunks eat this though as the dish comes out with a serving spoon, but all of us had small tapas plates and chopsticks. No bowl, not easy to eat.  Good thing I like to pick up dishes and shovel food in my mouth with the chopsticks.  Do you think they saw me and recognized my Cantonese-esque eating habits?Teba - 4 star - Love chicken wings.  Grilled on a grill, skewered.  These were overall flavorful in a simple grilled chicken way.  To me the teba has to be moist and they were.    Not sure which baby chick these little bits of a wing came from.  They were skinned (de-skinned?) spread and skewered and grilled. I guess I like big meaty wings grilled.  I should have maybe ordered 10 more plates.Tsukune - 2 star - Little chicken meatballs. These were four 1 inch meatballs on one skewer. The taste was adequate, but kinda forgetful.  And, specifically I asked for how many were in order and she said four.  There were three of us. Would have been better if I asked how many three adult men should order.  These were like popping aspirin.  Good because they disappeared quickly.Tai Carpaccio - 4 star - Red Snapper (Tai) raw.  Nice. Served on a bed of shredded daikon like vege and then on top of a sliced lemon.3.  Ambiance - the look and feel 4 star.  Amount of seating - 3 star.  For an izakaya and people drinking, the toilet is a bit small.  2 star.  The air conditioning on a summer  day in Las Vegas 1 star.  Service 4 star sometime they know and don't know the menu items. They cannot or have a trouble to relate size of each dish so you know how to order.  They are all very pleasant, nice, smiling and make you feel welcome.This is my third time to Ichiza, first time to get in. Parking is terrible, The restaurant will reserve tables so you can get there, it can be half ful and you cannot get it or you have to wait, in the heat, outside...GK says, check it out for sure. Go off hours to get a quick table and enjoy izakaya style Japanese food. It is a great experience.
4	I adore Ichiza.  I know this is as close to eating in Tokyo as I am going to get!  Our family eats a lot of Asian and we have never been disappointed in our meal here.  It is always an adventure.  To me, the salmon fried  rice seemed the Japanese equivilent to Jewish matzo ball soup.  It just has a comforting feel about it.  Be warned, get there early or make a reservation for not sooner than two hours before you want to eat.  This place gets jammed.
4	Late night Japan Izakaya place open until 4am. Perfect late night eats for Japanese bar food, have an impressive variety of assorted tapas and typical Japanese food (sushi rolls, sashimi, donburi bowls).  The food is well made and seems to be constantly changing, an extensive variety of "chef specials" are hung on the walls.  Good service from the waitresses, came in about 2:30am and was greeted with fresh enthusiasm and seated quickly.  Food hits the spot, which isn't too difficult, but it gave my tastebuds a happy dance.  Will come back to try some more of the extensive specials.
2	I have heard so many AMAZING things about this place and though I have tried this place over & over again. I cant seem to enjoy eating here at all.  Every single time I have been brought here by friends who loved this restaurant, it has always been at least a 30-40minutes wait. Which I normally dont mind at all but waiting for something that I dont enjoy afterwards does not seem that it was worth waiting at all.I dont remember what I ate because I let my friends that has been here order for me but of all the plates I tasted nothing stood out and nothing blew me away. I, also finally tried the honey toast that A LOT of people rave about, but it highly disappointed me.  maybe is because i did not like the honey taste or the texture of the honey toast, but it didnt taste that great either. I guess Ichiza isnt for everyone.
3	Went very late night, and for late night food it was pretty good, however I didn't enjoy it half as much as I enjoy most places in the area that are only open at more regular times. I will say the honey toast dessert was gigantic and incredible
4	Explore the menu, but my favorites were the seared scallop rock roll and the sea urchin and squid roll.  Also, the sashimi was excellent.
4	I was really drunk and it was really good!!
3	The food is absolutely great! If you are looking for sushi a la carte style, this is the restaurant to go! I just wish the staff is a little bit more friendly! This is a problem I encounter with  a lot of family restaurants! They always have great food, but they dont really care about service!
4	This is definitely one of the late night places I love go to after a long night of shenanigans.  Expect it to be packed, especially if you're coming in for dinner or even way past dinner.  They're usually open until 3am(?).  Here are some favorites:-Seafood quesadilla (you can ask for half orders)-Black Cod-Tofu Steak-Tuna Tartar -Kimchi Fried Rice-Honey ToastThis is the perfect place to come with friends to chuck down some beers and sake, and eat some delectable treats.
4	Had an opportunity to eat at Ichiza on a friday during a recent vacay in LV.  Gotta say that the food was great.  Glad we had a rez as the wait would have been pretty long.We ordered a bunch of different menu items, and the following stood out for me.  Please excuse me if the name of dish is not spot on.  One of my friends did the ordering.- pork with gobo- baby octopus with wasabi- yaki onigiri- flying fish sashimi was pretty good- tuna tartarplus several pitchers of cold beer.
4	I like Ichiza.  It's a cute place to eat.  I went there after work with a friend.  We ordered salmon skin salad, wasabi octopus, Red Snapper Carpacci, chicken gizzard skewer, and beef tongue skewer.  The wasabi octopus is raw and it gets worse tasting after a while.  I loved the beef tongue skewer.  It was warm and the outside was a bit crunchy. We also ordered the honey toast.  There was nothing special about the honey toast.  It was normal.  The honey was sweeter than normal, though.
4	No complaints about service so far. It's fairly easy to get their attention whenever I need it. This time, my friend and I ordered a red snapped carpaccio ($6.95), salmon skin salad ($5), wasabi octopus ($3.85), beef tongue + chicken gizzard skewers, and honey toast ($8). I wouldn't mind getting the red snapper carpaccio again - it was fairly good. I only got the wasabi octopus because fellow yelpers seemed to like it a lot but I was totally surprised to see it in front of me - in all its raw glory. I like the wasabi taste to it but it's the rawness that gets to me. I couldn't eat it after awhile. Must be a psychological thing but I doubt I'll be ordering it again. The salmon skin salad was a nice surprise. I'm not much of a cooked salmon fan (love raw salmon, though). The dressing in it was pleasantly yummy. I wish it was raw salmon, though!Wanted to try the honey toast with my friend and it was quite sweet with the honey but I guess it's typical? I think it's one of those things that I'll only order once in a blue moon ;b. I really wanna try the blue fin tuna sashimi ($13.50) next time so I'll be sure to update for that next time.
3	This place will be worth a second visit some time. We stopped in  after a 3 hour hike at Red Rock Canyon in 100 degree heat. The first thing that was notable at Ichiza was that the beer was  COLD!  A pair of cold draft Kirins were perfect match for the several small dishes we ordered. The ramen was good, but not great. The sushi was good and a decent price. They had Toro, which was a generous portion. The agedashi tofu was not to our liking. The coating was kind of gummy. The deep fried baby octopus was excellent. One of the best features of this place to be explored over time are ther many "specials" listed all over the walls. Should be a good place for trying various offerings, but might be harder to find a go-to regular dish. They are open late and cater to the strip hotel worker getting off the night shift and looking for a few beers and cheap Japanese food. Not my favorite spot on Spring Mountain Road, but worth a second look.
5	I love the ramenDX or DS? With pork belly! The eel roll with spicy tuna, tofu tuna salad! the ambiance, and plenty of sake!
5	On the second floor of a strip mall off of Spring Mountain and Arville in the Chinatown area has a great Japanese restaurant called Icheza.The restaurant is rarely slow.  That tells you that this place is doing something right!  Best time to avoid having to wait an hour or two is to come in right when they open at 4pm or really late night before they close.  On a Friday or Saturday night, even late night sometimes the place is crowded.  You get a wide variety of people, a mix of young and old.  I have met poor collegestudents to a CEO of a Japanese company eating at the Icheza sushi bar.The prices are reasonable!  You can order many dishes for around $5.  Two people have a nice dinner for $40.Most of the staff are Japanese.  This helps give Icheza a unique feel of an actual Japanese restaurant in Japan.  To American standards, Icheza's dining area is small.  There is one "sharing" table that seats up to 10 people, six tables for 4, two Japanese style tables where you take off your shoes that seat 8 and a sushi bar that seats 12.With the limited seating, make sure to call in a reservation if you are planning on eating during prime time or take your chances.  Odds are, you will be waiting at least an hour.  The staff is friendly but busy.  Give Icheza a try!
3	I like this place's atmosphere - reminiscent of my Tokyo trip.  It's like one of those small restaurants close to a train station where locals eat at after a long day of work.The food is ok but not entirely Japanese.  I like their fried rice, ika ring, kushi katsu and yakitori.  Everyone I know raves about the honey toast.  It's alright - the most basic toast you can get.  I've had better in Tokyo (Akihabara's Cafe Berserk) with more variety, whipped cream, ice cream, fruits and chocolate.  Not a lot of places in Vegas serve honey toast that's why Ichiza's seems fantastic.  If only they would offer more honey toast variety, I'd gladly give Ichiza a star or 2 more.  I mean, I'm not asking for much - it's an easy fix.  Just throw in some fruits (bananas/ strawberries/ peaches), ice cream, syrup and whipped cream on top.Maybe, I'll just open my own honey toast shop.
4	I came here with one other person who turned out to be too afraid to try anything... So I didn't get to order much. This place is tapas style so it would have been better to come in a group and order a bunch of small plates everyone could share.I ordered fried baby octopus which was pretty tasty, and flying fish sashimi which was a special that night. The fish was interesting, but I think I prefer traditional sashimi after trying that.Cool atmosphere, open really late, and seems pretty authentic. Just wish I could have tried more stuff.
5	So happy to have found this place!  The menu is extensive and all of the sashimi was fresh and generously cut. I loved the beef tongue... Yum!  Prices were reasonable for a good sushi place.
4	Wonderful food.  Service is not consistent.  Fun.  A variety of food.  Great people watching!  However the waitresses can ignore you!  I know from sitting at the counter that the food is preparted fast, wish the waitresses could be more efficient.Been there twice once in June and once last month.
3	great food, sometimes there is  a line, but well worth it. My must visit in Vegas.
3	This used to be my favorite izakaya style restaurant in Vegas and would never miss eating here while visiting from Hawaii.  I ate here maybe 4 times since late 2011 - early 2012 but recently have noticed a drastic difference in food quality.  Food, especially certain fish items do not seem fresh like it did in the past.  Its also not as difficult to get a reservation here which makes me wonder if others have noticed this change in quality as well?On a happier note, their service is consistently good, tea is usually refilled without a problem and atmosphere is nice.
4	Like many have said, the best thing about this place (besides the food of course!) is that it is open late, which makes it the perfect stop after a drive over from LA. There are a lot of options so it can accommodate everyone. We shared the half ramen, the black cod with miso, the fried chicken, the shishito peppers, and some other little bites. I liked the ramen and black cod, but probably wouldn't get the fried chicken (dry) or their yakitori again. There are so many items to try so it would be great to come with a large group to try a little bit of everything, especially since everything is served in smaller portions. The honey toast is a must so save room for dessert!
4	While sitting at the bar I watched one of the chefs preparing the strangest looking fish I've ever seen. It was black and slender, about 18 inches long and had what I can only describe as a long beak. The chef told me its name, but it was soon forgotten.Welcome to Ichiza.The plethora of hand written signs in Japanese (and English) fill the walls of this excellent sushi bar. This was my first stop here so I'll need to return to get the full picture, but I was impressed. One of the dishes I had was sauteed pork and kimchee and as you may or may not know I'm a purveyor of kimchee. This dish was fantastic - the pork was sauteed perfectly and the tastes of the pork, kimchee and fresh cabbage blended perfectly. I would come back here for this dish alone.My other dish, a Spider roll was just okay but I'll try others when I return.They also had a good selection of beers on tap including Kirin and Sapporo.
3	Not sure how it took me so long to get here, seems like I've been everywhere else around it.  I'll have to agree with those who say this spot is somewhat overrated. Expect a packed house and a wait.  I was unable to make a reso same-day on a Wed night during the slow season because they were all full.  So as a walk-in, I did wait a little while.  But I've seen people standing in line waiting for this place to open for lunch.The dishes my friend and I shared:  crab fried rice, fried california roll, spicy tuna roll, spider roll, grilled corn.I thought all of the food was of good quality although I wasn't crazy about the spider roll.  I was too full to try their famous honey toast.Would I go here again? Yes I'm sure I will.  Is it my favorite place?  No, not especially.Overall impression:  Solid.  A-OK.
1	Although there were open seats, the waiteress took forever to seat us. The table we sat at was not clean and the service was terrible
5	Amazing variety of authentic Japanese dishes.  Very good service.  Great sashimi.  Great eats off the strip.  Good pricing.  Gets busy so find a time that works.
4	Our go to spot during visits to Las Vegas. Few choices on the menu as well as their "specials" that are posted on the walls. Can get pretty busy especially late at night. Fortunately they recently started taking reservations which is a definite plus! The servers are nice, but can be a little pushy especially when there are people waiting for a table.  Don't miss out in the miso cod, adegashi tofu, & the famous honey toast. Affordable great eats!
4	Long, over-due review.I'm not going to elaborate much about this place, but it's basically my go to spot when I'm back in town. I like the atmosphere, because it resembles a japanese pub (izakaya style). It's a chill place to have a few beers and chow down on some good japanese tapas. although it can get a bit rowdy. Some of my favorite dishes include the kimchi fried rice, tako-yaki (octopus balls), beef tartar (rare beef with onion, daikon, and ponzu sauce), kakuni (extremely tender pork belly), and the black cod (smooth as butter). Although it's not on the menu, they even make okonomiyaki (Japanese pancake) upon request. Oh, and I can't forget the Honey Toast that everyone raves about. They also have a lot of specials on their walls. Check them out as well!
2	This place is overrated. With all the rave reviews of the honey toast, we had to give this place a try. It was so busy that we waited 45 minutes to get a table. Not too bad considering there was an awesome guy skateboard sailing through the parking lot and streets. So we finally got our table. Part of the menu is hung up or written on the on the walls. This was a different take on ordering but not at all my favorite. I felt awkward looking at the wall where people were sitting against. No sir, I'm not squinting at you!We got a couple appetizers and #20 was my fav. But now to the dessert... talk about disappointment! My expectations were way too high. It was basically a few pieces of  toast with un-melted pieces of butter  (I took a bite of it  thinking it was ice cream... gross) drizzled with a ton of honey and plopped with a scoop of ice cream. The 1st bite left me scratching my head wondering how people think this is sooo good.I normally give places a second try and order a different items but if I had to wait 45 mins again, sorry I'll pass.
4	This was a great find off the strip. It has awesome hours open till 3am or 4am depending on the day.  Our wait was about 15-20 minutes but I think a decent compromise for the food.  We will be visiting here again on our next trip that is for sure!
4	Stopped in for lunch and had the grilled whole squid. The tentacles were the best part with a slight char and concentrated squid flavor.  MMMM tentacles. They have a fantastic hangover dish which i forget the name of but it features a  bowl of rice in green tea broth with  your choice of salmon or salted plum. The broth and the rice will help nurse you back to health. If the broth doesn't help I'd also recommend their natto and okra dish with it's slimy texture it may be hard for some to palate but the sliminess in natto helps coat the stomach and helps with digestion and tummy issue's and the natural enzymes in okra that cause it to be slimy do that as well. The Japanese know what they are doing when they are eating slimy food. It's good for you!!Uni with ponzu sauce was delicious and creamy. I've never had Uni before and I think I am now a huge fan. Ichiza is fanatastic for a genuine slice of Japan in Las Vegas.
5	This place has so much to choose from, but my favorite would have to be the Yakitori, especially the beef tongue. I don't think you could go wrong with much of anything on or off the menu here.
3	Solid 3 1/2 stars.  Sashimi was super fresh.  All the cooked foods were not bad either.
5	This was my very first Japanese restaurant I had ever gone to. I started going here in 2005, and have kept going ever since. The owner knows me too.Some of the best dishesBeef tataki- YES. OMG YES. PONZU AND BEEF. I order this every time I goUdon- AMAZING. best shoyu ever. Udon cooked to perfection.Namagaki (Raw Oysters)- In short, eating this bring me pleasure. Amazing!Honey Toast- Your life will be divided into two section. Your life before honey toast and your life after honey toast.
2	I have been here a lot, and i have eaten pretty much every menu. well, food here is kinda like something that i used to cook when I was a college student. I mean, it's fun, but it doesn't taste that well. I think the quality of sushi here is the same as what you get at Vegas's all-you-can-eat sushi places. Service isn't professional, either. I guess they are students from college. One time this young chef was trying to get my gf's phone number while I was in the bathroom. WTF! This ain't a college dorm, dude.So, this totally makes sense - this is a restaurant run by college students. Actually, this is why I keep going here. Atmosphere! Not for food. If I wanna eat beef tataki, I go to Blue Ribbon at the Cosmo. If I wanna eat oysters, I go to Joes at the Ceaser's palace. If I wanna eat sushi, I NEVER go to Ichiza simply because fish here sucks! However, if I wanna simply have fun and get wasted by not spending too much money, I go to Ichiza. Overall quality is pretty fuckin crappy, but for that reason i keep going.Definitely not for rich businessmen and lawyers.Btw, when it is jammed like on weekends, your server might be pissed if you stay too long. I saw the manager was asking a waitress to kick customers out as soon as they finish eating and drinking. I even saw the (kinda old dude) manager was kicking this drunk hobo wondering outside the restaurant. Not good. Kicking is a crime! What a kangfu restaurant it is!!
5	I've tried countless Japanese restaurants and have succeeded in already naming a few off the top of my head. This one is different because I would come here just for their honey toast. Better than a brick toast at Guppy's in California, better than any toast I've had by far in any Asian restaurant. It's big enough for two to three people to share. It's really simple, but simple ingredients go a long way. Hot buttery toast with a huge scoop of vanilla ice cream drizzled in honey... it's the best thing ever. Ok, their ramen is good too.
5	Amazing Japanese food.  Reasonable prices.  That in itself merits the 5-star rating.  But I will elaborate.Ahi Poki - Perfect blend of meaty ahi tuna, kelp, and [I believe] sesame and ponzu sauce.  Taste and texture was all there, fish was the freshest I've had for a while.Seared Mackerel Roll - Meaty slabs of mackerel!  Rice was cooked just right.  DROOL...Sakana Pinchos - Mistakenly labeled 'Pachinko' in the pictures section.  This is a perfect treat for those of you who wished for a meatier roll.  I am personally a carnivore, and couldn't have dreamed up a better roll.Uni Roll w/ Squid & Beans - The pre-requisites for loving this roll are (1) You enjoy uni/sea urchin, and (2) You like the fermented beans.  I only satisfied #1, but I still really liked it.Yellowtail Tar Tar - Excellent variation of a crunchy roll, comprised of something like a yellowtail "poki", crispy wonton wrap, and their awesome rice.Honey Toast - If anyone has ever been to a Guppy House, and had the brick toast, it's the same concept.  It was good IMO, not amaze-balls, but a very good way to conclude the meal nonetheless.I think that's it. It was freezing that night, so we saw a lot of ramen going around, and it looked and smelled good, so I guess I could recommend that too.5 Stars. GO.
3	casual vegas dinner away in chinatown...upstairs plaza second floor...yakitori in izakaya fashion...beers, sake and shochu...japanese small plates dining...a pitcher of beer while browsing...standard skewers...beef tongue chewy, but not tough...hamachi kama juicy and meaty...large rolls fat for sharing...average in presentation, quality and taste...another pitcher of beer washing...wings, bacon wrapped mochi, agadashi tofu and additional skewers...standard izakaya selection...nothing memorable in presentation or taste, but cheap!...finish and back to the strip!
4	waited long time but well wort hit.i will return.
5	Sushi in Vegas.. Minus the obvious buffets available out there where you can stuff your face with as much as you want.. this restaurant located off the strip brings you a more traditional Japanese environment with great decor and delicious food. Many of my friends and other strangers I've met rave about this place... and I'm glad I was able to try it.Most days you'll find people waiting outside for the restaurant to open.. which is a good sign. I wasn't able to try their apparently infamous honey toast that so many people talk about, however basing my reviews on the bento and the various a la carte sushi items I ordered.. I must say it was a wonderful experience. The uni inside a lemon with ponzu.. was amazing.I'll have to come back again.. and try that honey toast. heheh.
3	Did we just order ten of the wrong dishes?? Nothing was " bad" but nothing was great either. We came with a group of 4.. 3 asians and me...Even the famed honey toast didn't make any of us want to come back here again... Maybe we should have come with a regular or done more research.It was hard to know what to order because the dishes are posted all over the place and even the stuff we asked the waitress for recommendations on wasn't any better. I can't even remember what we got because the food was not memorable at all... We had a lot of bland stuff... then some spicy stuff..that's about it...I remember the bubble tea I had downstairs more than this meal apart from remembering my disappointment...
3	I'm sorry... I didn't think this place was the cat's meow...Honey Toast = Innovative, but it's just Japanese toast with honey drizzled on top and an scoop of ice cream. Tasty, but easily created at home if you have a Chinese or Japanese bakery near you. Yellowtail TarTar = Good, but nothing to write home about. TarTar served on a chip was probably huge 10 years ago. Still good today.Fish tasted fresh. I'll be back to try more items.
5	we finally 'graduated' and get a table right away at this place!!! :) I think that some would like to keep this place a secret... so I will just say, you have to appreciate that this is a local spot. $15 pitchers of beer, small plates and sushi! You will share a table with others if you come in alone or with one other. Its authentic and fresh. highlights : Mackerel, octopus, croquette, black cod, uni, and their skewers are great for sharing. We love the honey toast and the banana dessert (I forget the name).Ichiza, you never disappoint!
5	Continues to be great food!  After ordering about 15 items or so, here's the standouts:Vegetable croquettes - perfect crisp, awesome flavor.Ichiza Ramen DX - Continues to be great broth, springy noodles, and perfectly cooked half egg.  Pork belly was a little bit overdone, but the only weakness I'd say.Broiled rice - so simple, so delicious, so surprisingly good.Chicken skewers - Phenomenal!  So tender, so delicious...Chicken balls - I wasn't as big of a fan, but two of my dining mates loved it and dubbed it the best dish of the night.Tofu steak - Super tender tofu, a nice crisped outing, very tasty!Beef tongue skewer - Tender and well seasoned!  Excellent.Honey Toast - Honestly, solely because of this dish, I may make my way to Ichiza every time I'm in Vegas.... soooo good and what a way to end a great meal already.Verdict:  Do it.  Go early if you can before it fills up (even on weekends) and enjoy a great meal.  The four of us had a ton of dishes, two bottles of sake, and came out to around $25 a person for some spectacular food.  And vegetarian friendly!
5	Ichiza, you're my late night Vegas dining spot from now on. We went back to back  after 1am Sat & Sun nights. I could go on about how each dish we ordered was delicious but I'd be wasting your time. Join the adventure yourself of reading the walls, asking table neighbors, and pointing at dishes being brought out from the kitchen. Every part of the experience was fun.Somehow several small plates later, when you're full and ready for the check, Do Not Forget to order the Honey Toast: THE best dessert offered on Spring Mt Road. Oddly enough we made friends both nights with complete strangers (locals, out of towners, and Canadians). All part of the Ichiza experience!
5	This place is simply amazing. The food is always so good, the staff is always very friendly and I have a blast whenever I head over there.
5	This is the place you want to be when you've had a great night out and it's time to get something to eat with some friends. It's just so good. Friendly people and a great vibe late at night.  So glad to have this in Vegas.
5	two words = honey toast
5	Came here with three friends for a late night dinner, and we definitely were stuffed! The food was great (not to mention pretty cheap), they had a large selection and portions were pretty big. The location serves a decent amount of people, though I wouldn't suggest bringing a large group - the restaurant was pretty full for a late Monday night. Service was fast, the servers were very friendly and answered all our questions. NOT TO MISS: order their Honey Toast! Perfect way to end a meal.
5	Love love love!!!!! Best authentic Japanese place I've ever been to!!! Sucks that its in Vegas.... x( I would come here all the time if it was in my neighborhood... I always order the yellowtail tar tar!! Freakin bomb~~~!! The yaki udon is pretty good too!! Beef tataki was my boyfriend's favorite so we ordered 2!... the shrimp fried rice was good.. personally I can't be amazed by fried rice... its just fried rice.... we split a ramen which was pretty good too.. don't remember what else we ordered but at the end for dessert we had to get the brick toast! One was good enough for 4 of us cuz we ate so much....!! Will always come here if I'm in Vegas!! Don't care that its off the strip.. don't care if there is always at least 30mins to an hour wait..... SO FREAKIN WORTH IT!!!
4	My girlfriend and I love coming to this place. It lives up to many of the reviews. We haven't had a bad experience here yet. The food tastes fresh and seasoned properly.  There is often a long wait, which should be indicative of a good business; additionally lots of japanese and other asian people eat here. Also signs of good food. The Tuna tartar is very good, although can be a bit hard to eat on the large chips. The beef tataki is fantastic. Soups, salads and sides are all quite tasty. Lastly they even have decent rolls and sushi. Sake and drinks can be a little pricey, but no more than any other restaurant. Oh and the honey toast is as good as just about everyone says. It was fantastic, not a negative thing to say about it. Very simple and delicious. All of the food we've had here was exceptional.The atmosphere is also very warm and enjoyable. Everyone seems to always have a good time. They are open late and on most holidays which is a huge bonus. My girlfriend and I enjoy coming here and will continue to do so.  Highly recommended.
4	This place was cool ordered off the wall like my friends told me. The food was ok but the honey cake was THE BOMB! Will probably go again but as a late night place to get some tapas.
4	Been bookmarked to try for ages...We happened to be driving by around 6pm and realized it might be early enough to snag a table without much of a wait. No such luck. A one hour estimate sent us back to the car for a power nap. When we returned, however, we found our name crossed off and that of many others. Alas, the line had moved a lot faster than their estimate (ended up to be only 20 min), so be aware, even overestimates happen. Along with the overwhelming menu which they said was "basic", the walls were wallpapered with handwritten flyers with various specials. It wasn't easy to see everything, and our table mates had already seemed to figure out the lay of the land (and the 'best of' yelp) so we followed suit and got a few of their best loved dishes. I would have loved to walk around and read everything.The grilled squid was great. It was served more or less lukewarm temperature, sliced width-wise but presented whole, in a light sauce and grated fresh ginger on the side. So tender, and the the grilled flavor nicely balanced with the others. It was also substantial, and filling. The agedashi tofu was also great. I really liked the mochi with wrapped bacon. The bacon was neither overly salty nor fatty nor chewy, just a thin non overpowering sheath on the mochi. We tried the chicken gizzard yakitori, which neither of us liked. It was chewy/gristly nondescript. We also had a sushi with fresh eel (?) on top that I liked.The honey toast, yeah, it's large, probably too much for two and seemed about right for the four of us. The honey soaked bread underneath the ice cream was the motherlode. I'd like to try this at home sometime. it seems simple but was really good! Definitely gotta come back and try more stuff!Quick Update almost one year later (12/30/13). I highly recommend reservations above any type of food recommendations here. Despite the vast experience of the gentleman at the front, his estimates are far too unpredictable. Last year he overestimated by 40 minutes on a one hour wait. Today he underestimated by 50 minutes on a 30 minute wait. However this year we had our baby with us so a major understimation ended up to be a deal breaker, which was rough since we had already waited 40 min only to be told that.
5	We love this place! It's got a great energy, good food, and it's just a fun place to hang out. We were in Vegas for the weekend and were looking for someplace casual, and off the beaten path and Ichiza really fit the bill. Order the little skewers like the chicken meatballs and the beef tongue. They're great with a hot sake!
3	not bad for a japanese food around las vegas area... most of the dishes are good..i like their yakitori..the prices are reasonable...the fish that they use are fresh..one thing that need to be improved is the service..the waiter keep forgetting what we order..during weekend the queue could be very long...CONCLUSION = RECOMMENDED!
4	My 101 review and the first for the new year!  I love this place I love it so much I kind of hate it at the same time.  I do not get to come here often so it is a guilty pleasure of mine to indulge and go a bit overboard.  1.  Nigori, a must have in my house.  It is an unfiltered Sake' a sweet wine.  It is unfiltered it is cloudy from being unfiltered and oh so good an amazing a sweet blend with the rice and alcohol good cup of adult bliss.2.  Yellow Tail Tartar a good staple of this place.  Always good and consistent.3.  Black Cod Miso a second must have for me!  Soft buttery flavor that never quits!4.  Takana fried rice a 3rd must have for me.  Stir fried rice with pickled veggies =you unknowing people trust me and give it a try! 5.  Uni!  Well, you love it or you hate it I love it here the most!6.  Onigiri an awesome reminder of our trip to Tokyo.  It is wrapped rice (like Sushi) only with good stuff hidden inside like pork,salmon, act...7.  A few random skewers like gizzard (not my fave 8/) Chicken meat balls, Mmmm...8.  Beef carpaccio another if I can have it I am getting it item!9.  We also got a special it was yellow tail, quail egg and avocado.  I theory sounds great in reality it is not.  To many flavors that blend together and mix all the same texture and nothing that gives it a pop.  In all actuality would drop a star for this one BAD dish but they don't deserve it.  Just not a WIN on my part...I love this place one of my favorites to take guests to while visiting.  However there is now a creepy old guy in front as mentioned before.  I believe he is running things but it makes the guests and the employees nervous I would prefer he would leave and we could go back to the money making fun from the past.If you are new here ask your waitresses (that is how we found a lot of out favorites and don't be afraid to try the stuff on the walls it is the best stuff!) they will help you order or look around the room and see what others are ordering and say "I want to try that, what is it?!"  We had a couple across from us and I kept hearing them say "wow, that looks good! We should just get what they get."  I felt flattered by that one.  Thanks Guys! :)Anyways thanks for being my 101 and first for the year to make it a good one!
2	Not worth the wait. Save your time and money and go elsewhere fellow yelpers. I'm sorely disappointed by the hamachi tar tar, kimchi fried rice, wasabi octopus,... The tartar was a total rip, two stacks of fried wonton chips with a small layer of "hamachi" and salsa. I can make better kimchi fried rice and I've only cooked that dish once. The only dishes we appreciated was the hamachi sashimi, miso cod and chicken skewer. Not worth the time and money, even if I was hungry at 2am. The honey toast everyone was raving about is also $8. Overall, Highly overrated  - your foodie sf yelper.
3	I sure did have high hopes when I went to Ichiza. The atmosphere was authentic as far as izakaya goes. Service was quick and prompt, but the overall execution of dishes felt flat. We ordered the basics: yakitori, tsukune, sunagimo. They were good but not exactly memorable. Ordered the beef tataki, tongue, grilled smelt and a couple more grilled veggies. Nothing special. I remember telling my husband he can cook those better at home. We also tried the honey toast which was also just okay. I thought it was all hype no substance. We were hoping to catch ankimo or a decent sashimi on their specials, unfortunately they ran out. I wouldn't scratch Ichiza just yet on my list. Meanwhile I'm hoping Yelp can point me to another izakaya in town that serves more flavorful food.
4	I've been here several times, but years ago when I was in high school. I'm 23 now lol. It's funny because last night I went here on a whim with my boyfriend, and I kept trying to remember if I liked this place or not. The decor is the same, with it's little Tokyo bar scene. Surprisingly for a Wednesday, there wasn't a wait - we sat down right away at a big table, seemed a little lunch table-ish, but we were cool with it. I got the sashimi ika, and seared tuna and tofu salad. Everything tasted fresh, which was a plus. My boyfriend got beef tongue skewers, and he enjoyed it. I also enjoyed watching my boyfriend trying to use chopsticks. I'd say everything ran smoothly, so I enjoyed it last night. I would come back, but I think I got lucky for the atmosphere being calm at 1 am on a Wednesday night.
3	The only thing that stood out for me at Ichiza was the honey toast.  It was amazing and deserves 3 stars on its own.  I love honey, so if you don't love honey, then don't order it.Everything else I had at this place was mediocre.  I look for quality when I eat Japanese tapas, and none of these dishes were up to par for my taste.  Maybe the butterfish was the only dish I liked.  So if you're here, please order it, it's really good; melt in your mouth status!  But, the food definitely filled me up, and gave me the Japanese fix I needed so it didn't disappoint completely.  But for the prices you have to pay, it isn't worth it.  Prices should be re-evaluated for quality.The menu needs to be rewritten with everything on the wall. It gets real frustrating to figure out what you want to order next because you feel you might be missing out on something great but it might be written somewhere you can't see.  I'm not sure this is good for business so I highly suggest the menu revisited and updated.
5	The fatty Blue Fin Tuna was awesome, as was all the sashimi on the menu. This is definitely worth the visit off the strip.
1	My frustration with the service and attitude of the servers was an experience I hope no one else receives. I was hoping to enjoy a relaxing atmosphere accompanied with an experience of outstanding culture food. The food was satisfactory !   But the constant need for a server was non existent . There were four other tables occupied  and have to wonder why only two servers- poor planning on your part.
4	A part of me has an irrational distaste for Ichiza. Maybe it is the fact that they can only seat 60 people and it causes a bottleneck at the front door. The wait times can be unreasonable, but that does not detract from the food. It has been almost three years since I have last had a chance to eat at Ichiza. Yet again, we came to see that they had almost been filled to capacity. 10 minutes later we were sat. Count it as a blessing if that is all you have to wait. The seats at the bar is perfect for two and would make for a great date spot. Although you might be inches away from the next patron, everyone is more wrapped up in their own conversation and lives. There is no need to feel self-conscious. The buta-kimchi is similar to a spicy pork dish popular in Korea. Mixed with kimchi and served on a bed of finely shredded cabbage made for a light dish. The garlic chicken gizzard is so simple and that makes it that much better. Add a squeeze of lemon and you will roll up the lettuce garnish to eat it all. Check the specials board and print out because hidden gems are bound to make an appearance. Yesterday, they had a blue fin tuna mix with micro greens on top of half an avocado. DECADENCE! They were not done yet. Add a quail egg to it and call it a day. Don't forget to save room for dessert, because everyone needs a little honey toast in their lives. So many places try to make a name for themselves off this dish, but not many can match Ichiza. I am not a huge bread person; but butter it up, douse it in honey, and top it with ice cream and even I cannot say no.
3	I was excited to try this place because of all the things I've heard about their honey toast. The wait was quite long (45 minutes) which I was prepared for because of what I read in previous reviews. The place was tight and small but  seemed to look like the happening place to be. The food was pretty good (miso butterfish, garlic bok choy, fried duck gizzards, rice, yakitori and ramen) along with the sake and glasses of wine that my bf and I consumed. However, the honey toast was my least favorite. It was too sweet for my liking. The overall experience was great but I can't say that I'd wait another 45 minutes to do it all over again.
5	Favorite go to place for JapaneseHunting for items on wall is a good timeDont know how it compares to Japan but seems damn close to it. Little bit of a wait but not what I thought.  30 minutes for four on Sat 7PMCHEAP!!
5	Salmon sashimi was so fresh and delicious! Bluefin was great! I also tried a piece of the cod baked in miso which was very nice. I don't know what they were smoking when they came up with the honey toast, but it was a gooood idea! Yummy!
5	Ichiza is so good!They have a huge selection!I especially love their egg & tuna sald and beef curry.I'm telling you it's the best curry in town.It's a must to try out this place
5	The staple of my entire life in Vegas...I'm so, so thrilled that they've added a bento option for low-traffic times (the only times I can handle going at this point). It's such a good deal, with an amazing amount of variety. A lot of the bento dishes are served on a rotating basis, which makes every order kind of exciting. Outside of the bento, virtually everything you can order comes out perfect and delicious -- from the standard ramen/tempura bowl/etc. to the more adventurous fare.
3	Ichizaaaaaaaaaaaah! You are so frustrating! Why can't you just put all your menu items in the damn menu like everyone else??!! My entire meal was spent scanning the walls for the next dish rather than enjoying my friends and this nice night out. I also found that a lot of the tables around me were ordering run-of-the-mill Japanese sushi dishes even though there were so many other options, why would they do that with so many choices? I don't get it. I wanted to make sure I was trying all the best dishes but I couldn't weigh all my food options, from my table I could only see so many walls! Foodie Raaaaaaaaaage!!!From what I can remember I enjoyed the following dishes: spicy kimchi pork, deep fried quail eggs, avacado filled with poke, and bluefin sashimi. We also enjoyed a rather fancy bottle of sake. Overall, this is an interesting place with some good eats but far too frustrating for me.
4	This place was interesting - it's off the strip and definitely a local's spot. It's very small; seats only up to 60 people, and is located on the 2nd floor of a strip mall. I would have given it 5 stars but the man in the front was unfriendly, for a party of two we waited for a long time, and it was inconvenient to have to look around the room for items not listed on the menu. We ordered the stir fry sliced beef, grilled squid, spinach and tuna roll, and hamachi sashimi. All tasted very good - especially the grilled squid. For dessert, we ordered the honey toast which was very yummy!! Overall, it was a good experience - reservations is highly recommended! Even for a party of one, there was a long wait (a frustrated man walked out).
5	I just love this 5 Star Offering upstairs at the corner of Spring Mountain and Arville, China Town Style.  GO TO CHINA TOWN in VEGAS!   Be adventurous, be satisfied!THis place is classic.  The menu is the walls, every dish is on a paper on the wall, plus they have a menu, but the menu cannot hold all the offerings so they started using the walls.  I have to say, its brilliant!  Small place, get there early, or get a reso.Probably my favorite Sushi Bar in Vegas, its got a vibe that is just so hip and trendy, Its like being in Japan or something.  Something is on the grill too, the food is insane, and I have ordered everything I can think of and it was all stellar.   Its beer and date friendly, parties for birthdays would be killer here, people would be full and happy.  In fact, I always leave happy saying, I will be back here soon.IN fact, I will.  Its totally the way to go in China town.  Start HERE and go to others after. THis is the STANDARD in Vegas Littlle China Town....I love this town.  Vegas offers everything and this is one of em!   5 STAR RECOMMENDED!  Bring girl or guy, bring girl or guy home!   lol
4	Great food with so much variety.  So many items that they are also listed on the walls.  Always busy.
5	This is my favorite Japanese restaurant in Vegas!Like most Asian restaurants the service is just okay. As a half Asian I am not too concerned about service (it's a culture thing) and am used to waitresses that are too busy to really give you great service, having to share a table with other people, etc. But Ichiza has never done me especially wrong service wise. What I love about this place is the variety, Not only food-wise but price-wise as well. There are tons of things to choose from and if you want to get full for around $10, you can. If you are feeling a bit more fancy and can to spend more to get a couple dishes, you can. I never get tired of going here because there is always something new to try (plus so many things that I have not yet tried). I have heard from other friends that the food quality has gone down, but in truth I have not really noticed it. Love it!
4	The ambience is cool and authentic. Food is awesome. It really feels like you're dining in the far east! You share long dining tables listening to Japanese music in the background. Menu is hand written. We ordered boiled noodles, shrimps, oysters, octopus, and grilled black cod fish and everything was out of this world. Highly recommend it if you're into Japanese and would like to taste something other than sushi.
2	Finally tried Ichiza and although the servers couldn't have been nicer, I wasn't impressed by the food. I had oysters on the half shell with ponzu sauce that was congealed and would have preferred them to slice the oysters like they do at Raku (huge oysters).  I  had the grilled squid and it was chewy and pretty flavorless.  I also had the egg custard cup which is egg, spinach, shrimp and mushroom and it was O.K. but a little watery and not very interesting. I did like the tuna with mountain yam, it was very flavorful.  I also liked the sake selection and had yummy pudding for dessert which was a flan. I'm sure people have favorite dishes here such as the fried rice which seemed to be going to most tables but I can't say I would eat here again when there are so many other, better spots. I did love Crown Bakery right next door for a green tea latte and amazing pistachio cookies.  They have samples out for many of the cookies and the pastires all looked delcious and they are made on site.  I would definitely recommend checking out this nice little bakery if you are in the area.  I prefer Monta for ramen (only serve Asahi beer) and Raku for a nicer atmosphere although they are a lot more expensive and have very small wine pours which is annoying so order by the bottle.
5	this play was pretty damn authentic Japanese restaurant for yakitori, sashimi, ramen and MORE!  DELICIOUS!!!!  sit at the sushi bar or take off ur shoes and sit in their more traditional tables.  probably the best yellowtail sashimi i have ever eaten. buttery and perfectly sliced...ok just eat here.
4	Great place to go to have some drinks and food with a group of friends before heading out for the night. Service is mediocre and most of the menu is on the wall which was frustrating but the menu is very diverse. Really enjoyed the wagu carpaccio and the butterfish. Toro and uni were very fresh although the portions were small. One of the coolest things about this place is the fact that the pitchers of beer have a ice chamber in the center to keep your beer colder for longer! Genius!  The wait can be long so come early.
5	To me, this is one of the best places to eat in town if you're looking for asian food. The menu is vast, prices are great and quality of food is spot on! You could get a meal here for 2 and not spend more than $20 with the tip included! Of course I'm a piggie so I tend to spend quite a bit more.You can get anything from sushi rolls to udon to ramen to chicken katsu. The last time we went, I got the yellowtail tar tar, hamachi kama, spicy tuna spinach roll with fresh wasabi, grilled ika, eggplant and shrimp and a few other things I honestly can't remember. All were excellent. THEN came the Honey Toast! Frankly, I don't get excited for bread, ice cream and honey, but man was this delicious!! Definitely something I recommend!
5	My favorite Japanese restaurant. I love everything here! I have to stop here every time I am in Vegas. The service is excellent. Makes you feel like you're in Japan. It's different cuz the menu is posted on the wall throughout the restaurant. Kind of hard to see what's at the other end. Wide selection of food. Def have to try this lace if you're in Vegas.
3	I ATE: Red Snapper Carpaccio, Seared Sashimi w/miso glaze, Bento lunch Box w/ Mixed Tempura & Spanish Mackerel. Finished with Soy Milk Mousse.Red snapper carpaccio........ was garnished with onion, lemon, ponzu & red fish roe. The fish quality was excellent. The lemon had the rhine on so I was unable to eat & taste the full flavor of the citrus. There was an overabundance of yellow onion, it overpowered the flavor of the fish. It was an unbalanced dish. Seared Sashimi w/ miso glaze....... this was the chefs choice for fish. He chose a lower grade of Maguro (tuna). The sauce was pleasant & sweet. Was garnished with green onion & had a beautiful smokey flavor. Bento Lunch Boxes (Mixed tempura & spanish Mackerel)........ These were AMAZING! The tempura consisted of shrimp, long beans, eggplant, & zucchini. Tempura was crunchy & lite & the flavor of the sauce was sweet & soft. Spanish Mackerel was cooked to perfection & slightly blackened on the edges (the marinade was balanced & sweet). This was served with salad, miso egg drop soup, potato salad & steamed white rice (all were flavorful). Soy Milk Mousse..... Lite & creamy but not overly sweet. It wasn't anything to write home about.OVERALL EXPERIENCE: Too Much ONION on everything!  We had to get someones attention to seat us & they were not busy at all. Once seated our waitress was on point, attentive & very sweet. Draft beers were $1.95 & Bento Lunch box was $7.95! For the sake of eating in China Town & off the Vegas Strip.....We will return. The Menu is extensive & we are looking forward to trying other things.
4	Hands down, one of my favorite lil spots. Perfect for a date, a quick bite, or all the above. Portions are perfect, and the price is good. I had the Salmon steak. Perfectly seasoned, and is good with the chili powder spice they have. Also had the albacore sushi. It was fresh, tender, and buttery on the palette. Very delectable. I personally recommend having some hot sake (especially if it's cold out), it warms your heart and compliments the meal. Service was amazing as always, but don't stifle if you have to wait for a table however. It does get busy and there's a good cause behind it.
4	Yup, I bookmarked this place and after a non-stop 4 hr drive from LA, we made our pitstop here.  The menu is pretty extensive and prices are definitely affordable compared to many Japanese tapas places in LA.  Skip the expensive meals on the strip, this place is a most try before leaving Vegas. Trust me, you won't be disappointed. =)
4	I really do like this place, but nothing on the menu stands out as a "must have" other than you "must" order with variety in mind, as this is where the restaurant really shines.They have a good sized menu, and again 'variety' is highlighted here. As others have pointed out they have a bunch of other items on the wall, but since I don't frequent here to often I find the menu and specials don't leave me wondering around for a different item to order.This is the kind of place where you take your friends if you plan on being loud and enjoy a good meal. We took our 8 month old with us and his new found love of yelling "Bah, bah, bah!" went unnoticed.
5	I don't think I've ever had a bad dish here. EVERYTHING here is delicious. My favorite dishes had to be:- Tofu with Ponzu sauce: Simple dish but cooked so well. The herbs in the ponzu sauce goes so well with the soft tofu with the crispy shell- Takoyaki: I standard staple food that is well made with a hot center with octopus tentacles with a sweet sauce- Beef Tongue: A tender cut and the seasoning goes well with the meat- Chicken Gizzard: Again, great seasoning and cooked well- Beef Tataki Carpaccio: It was sweet and you will never see raw meat the same again- Brick Toast: Sweeter and creamier than other places that make Brick ToastThere are so many dishes to choose from that I want to try it all! The only questionable item was the Seafood Quesadilla which tasted okay. I am willing to wait in the long line so that I can eat here again and try more of their dishes! (Come early because there is always a long wait).
5	This place is a treat.My brother and I started off with garlic chicken gizzards, beef tatake carpaccio, and beef tongue skewers. I won't go into details of taste and texture, I will simply say, delicious and cooked beautifully. See for your self how the soft prosciutto-like textured, light, yet complex tasting, beef carpaccio does for you. We followed with yellow tail tar-tar, hokke (recommended very much), and 2 raw oysters (hands down, best oyster in las Vegas). And I won't go into textures or tastes. You'll have to see for yourself what the melt-in-your mouth, clean yet briny, lightly drizzled with caviar and garlic (and a few other mouth watering tastes), colorful & gorgeously presented oysters will do for you.We finished with an Atlantic Bass sashimi. To give you an idea of how beautifully executed this dish was, by the head chef (Takashi), imagine this (for sashimi lovers only....); a beautiful 14 inch Bass with the head and tail) , perfectly filleted , and presented, meatless on a plate, while its sashimi is displayed atop his body on mint leves and greens, served with a light sauce to compliment the delicate, buttery texture, and light, sweet natural taste. The chef knows what parts of the fish are most tender, and serves them to you on a separate plate, so that you may differentiate and partake in consciously knowing what parts of the fish you are consuming. Smply beautiful. After finishing, they asked us if we wanted the meatless fish fried (head, tail, a few other meaty parts/ fin connections etc.) . Of course! They served the fish, tatesfully breaded In a buttery, salty batter, and deep fried. Simply perfect.Take your time and enjoy each piece, you will be satisfied.
4	Came here actually after seeing some girlfriend's facebook pictures of all the awesome food here from several years ago. This review is written after 2 visits.First visit I came with the bf, we had a bunch of appetizers like the Takowasa (wasabi marinated raw octopus) and others and they were all fantastic. We also had the sashimi platter which was delicious. We also ordered the ramen, which weren't to our liking since we've been spoiled by all the ramen shops in SoCal but none the less was very good. Awesome izakaya atmosphere and I can see myself going there at night for a good time next time. We got the honey toast to go and ate it in the car on our drive back to LA and it was just so good.Came here again with friends several weeks after and we re-hashed a bunch of the appetitzers along with the beef tataki as well as the miso black cod which was so smooth and buttery, the miso added a depth to it that was super satisfying. One of us got a curry beef bowl and I heard good things about it. We again got the honey toast but this time we had it there it was every better since the toast was still warm and the crush was crunchy and so good with the honey and the ice cream... MMMMM!We'll be back for sure!=====================1 star - "will be telling everyone to stay away" bad2 stars - it's okay, i won't return3 stars - it's okay, i'll come back4 stars - it's pretty good, i'll come by again!5 stars - it's really good, my go-to places!
4	After all the expensive restaurants on the LV Strip... you forget there's good stuff for MUCH MUCH less off the strip.  This is one of those gems that's really good.  Especially when you see your bill.   Menu has a huge selection.  cheap beer during happy hour.  Had lots of small plates...  had too many to really remember.  But... mostly everything was really good.  Highly recommend this place when you're off the strip.
5	I discovered this place when I lived in Vegas and now that I'm living in Cali - I still come here at least once a month. The prices are very low and the quality is great. Tip: You can order sake while you wait to be seated.
4	Went here last week with 6 guys from out of town. A short ten dollar ride from the strip we had a great meal with great food and lots of imported beer. Total bill for 6 was 140.00.  The cost of an ordinary meal on the strip. Take a chance and wander here.  It will be worth it   The magic moment
4	Came here for a late night snack around 10pm. Lots of people looked like they were getting some grub before heading out to clubs. After a 15-20 minute wait, we were seated at a nice clean table. The walls are plastered with additional menu options, but I couldn't see them all from our table. I think there were more menu items on the wall than in the printed menu! We decided to go for the Honey Toast recommended by Las Vegas Weekly and also tried the Butter Corn. The Butter Corn came out first and was nicely plated. Butter corn kernels on top of crispy chips. Yummy. The best was when the Honey Toast came out. Hot and cold. Sweet and salty. Soft and crunchy. A hollowed out toasted loaf of Japanese bread drizzled with lots of honey and topped with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream. It was love at first bite. The food was delicious, the prices were affordable, an open parking spot was a bit hard to find (everyone was in here!), and the hours were great for a late night snack during our trip to Vegas! This restaurant is located on the second floor of a strip mall, but luckily we had GPS to guide the way.  Definitely coming back on my next trip to Vegas for some more of that lovely Honey Toast.
4	Finally got to try Ichiza!!! I arrived around 8 pm and there was still 30 min-1 hr wait. Menu offers many options and price is reasonable. Servers always seemed to rush and it was hard to get their attention. Sake - I love the variety that they carry. so many to choose from. Beef tataki - it was chewy and not tender. meat itself was creamy but flavoring was not that great. Chicken Glizzard - delicious!! crunchy and tender. Some yakitory - average. did not leave an impression so I can't remember how it was. Grilled squid - fresh and tasty. I had better though. Sashimi - hmm many not a very good idea to order sashimi at a izakaya restaurant.
5	Late night is not my best time. I'm not sure how I wrangled myself a job that requires me to work until the wee hours of the morning (12:15 is wee hours for me--quit judging my Golden Girl sensibilities). But late night is okay when it means amazing ramen at Ichiza after work.They only had one ramen left, but luckily my friend and I wanted each a half order. Yummmmm. I'm not sure what they do to their pork belly, but it is full of deliciousness. I think fairies sprinkle it with happy dust before they plop it in your bowl. It melts in your mouth with fairy dust deliciousness.It's really tiny in here, only seating about 50-60 people, but it's well worth it...especially after you get done working and just want to unwind with a bowl of broth and noodles and bean sprouts. Late night happens for me so infrequently, but Ichiza makes staying up past 10 p.m. worth it.
5	pros...well before i forget about ichiza in Las Vegas, i must yelp it.  went here last year for thanksgiving weekend.  first time and it was so fun.  it is a packed and happening place for japanese bar food, or izakaya.  i just love that there are hand written notes on specials all over the place.  some in english, some in japanese and some in both.  and each section has a different special, i don't think i saw the same one twice.  so you have to look around the whole restaurant to make sure you don't miss anything.  the wait was good, even for it being thanksgiving weekend.  we waited just about 20 minutes, which was pretty good, as they told us it would be more like 30 minutes.  we got seated and once we ordered, the food was arriving about 10 minutes later.  i can say that everything we had was good.  i loved the spicy sushi roll, and we also had very delicious bacon wrapped asparagus.  i had some curry and it was just the right thing for that cold night.  cons...crowded, if you are closterfobic than this is one good place to avoid.  or perhaps you can get your food to go?  well the bathroom was not so clean and looked a bit run down as well.  but it worked.  and the building it is in, is reminscent of ones found in china and korea.  those steps are like a foot high and 6 inches deep, the worst of both worlds.  and there are like 9000 steps to get to the second floor.  and parking, wow, that's another crazy part, not enough for this building at all.  i felt that i had to joust for a parking space, luckily for me i had a rental van with walk away insurance.  go ahead hit me, i don't care.
5	Had the ramen, yellowtail tar tar, eel roll with tempura (forgot the name), spider roll & honey toast. Everything was great! Worth the wait & I'll definitely eat there again when I'm in Vegas!
5	Went here for the first time tonight, and I love it!I actually hate fried rice, or thought I did, since the only kind I've ever had is the shitty Panda Express crap. I know, I'm a deprived child. Anyway, I figured out that it doesn't taste like that at all and now I am officially in love with this shinanigans!I forgot the name of the type I had, someone else ordered it for me, but I believe it was the seafood one. A little spice to it and was perfect in every way. Now if only I could figure out the use of chopsticks without looking like an idiot!Also had some tofu, which was super soft, so it was also a little hard for me to manage to eat, but I liked it all the same.The great grand finale, was the honey bread. OH MER GERD! It's not even like, a slice of bread, its this huge square loaf that is drizzled in honey and icecream, and was sooooo good. It hurt to eat cause I was so full but I couldn't stop. If you come here, get the honey bread, and your life will be complete and all voids in your soul will be filled. That is all.
5	The food was delicious and great customer service. Will definitely come back again.
4	Not a big fan of beef tongue but here its very good
4	Been here a few more times...really can't go wrong with anything here.  It was only recently that I found a new favorite spot in town for Japanese tapas!Again, the ramen is not my fav in town, but still very good and fresh. I come here for the fresh seafood. The grilled mackerel and squid are very good. Can't go wrong with the crab fried rice as well! Also went with the butter clams and a few other goodies. All pretty tasty!   Prices are pretty reasonable too :)Pork Kim Chi and Red Snapper Sashimi :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=_r_afKZlImDUJNXE38em9w#_r_afKZlImDUJNXE38em9wGood rendition on the kim chi...the snapper came with a bunch of other citrus and misc that kind of hid the flavor of the fish, but was still enjoyable.Waygu Carpaccio :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=jzQqOhKS9zn6fPo34hrbdw#jzQqOhKS9zn6fPo34hrbdwGood, tender and flavorful.Lastly, you have to try the butter toast! It is unbelievably good. It is a toast square, hollowed out with a bunch of honey and ice cream inside. Big enough to share! But you might not want to...Quick pic :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#vaThLUY_i4FHKKDGdbOZjQTried a few other dessert toast items around town, and Ichiza still holds the crown in my book!
5	Had blue fin (extra fatty): it was buttery and awesome. Crab fried rice: also awesome. Spider roll: best spider roll I ever had. Beef tongue skewers: awesome and not rubbery like a lot of places. Beef carpaccio ( or however the hell you spell it): melts in your mouth also awesome. White tail tar tar: not a fan of cilantro, but this tasted great. Corn butter nachos or whatever its called was awesome! Fed 3 people for $100 including tip. Not bad at all!
4	The beef bowl was really good!! There is such a wide selection of yummy food to choose from! This place is usually full of people but the service is really fast!
5	In light of our upcoming Vegas trip, it reminds me that I need to review this place.  Came upon this place for late night eats and OMG, this place seriously blows my mind.  On our last trip, we made at least 2-3 stops here for grub after drinking.  I would say I was a lil buzzed one night, but the other nights, we were just hungry and looking for grub!  Even when you are full as s#&8#t, you still wanna come here!  Their food is just amazing!  I love me some Udon noodle soup and I will eat this dish be it on a hot day or a cold chilly night.  They have an Udon dish on their menu, but that's not what I had wanted so I simply asked them for beef udon and they gladly said they would make it for me.  Man, something about the broth of the soup, the beef so tender, the texture of the noodles just right.  It was definitely amazeballs!  Of course, from the first night in getting this dish, I got it repeatedly after that.  I'm so looking forward to another bowl on the next trip.  Drool!  We also ordered a special sushi roll from the wall menu, I don't even remember what it's called now..but it had some bbq eel and some deep fried yam/shrimp thing on top and man it was bomb diggity.  The sushi roll itself and the eel and fried whatever it was went perfect together.  Mouth full of goodness is all I can remember.  We also ordered a couple appetizers as well, I believe one of them may have been the squid dish.  Then as you move onto dessert, you know you gotta get the all time famous honey toast.  A big block of toast, warm, soft and yummy tenderness with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and honey... It is the perfect ending to a great dinner.  Friendly staff, place fills up quick, small joint, reasonable prices, great grub!  Looking forward to seeing you again real soon!
5	On our most recent Vegas trip, we came here for lunch twice in 3 days!  Amazing food, amazing value, and totally worth the cab ride or drive if you like Japanese food - it's just a 5-10 minute drive straight down Spring Mountain Rd.Between our two meals, we had: Agedashi tofu ($4.75)Buttered clams ($6.50)Half ramen with vegetables ($4.95) Uni and ponzu served in a hollowed out lemon with cucumber ($6.50)Tofu salad with tuna sashimi ($8.50)Deep fried small prawns ($5)Salmon and ikura salad ($6.95)Boiled cold spinach with sesame sauce ($2.75)Everything was amazing.  The food quality is outstanding, and the portions are larger than I expected.  The half ramen was a great choice, as it was delicious enough to make it worth the stomach space, but small enough that I could share it with Mom and still eat a bunch of other things.  It has a miso broth with a smoky pork taste, and comes loaded with green onion, menma, cabbage, wakame, and bean sprouts.  The sauces for the agedashi tofu and buttered clams were ridiculous - we had to order a bowl of white rice so we could eat it all.  My mom was ecstatic over the uni and ponzu, and I was impressed by the amount of ikura and salmon that $6.95 bought us.This place is definitely unique - the specials are scrawled on paper rectangles and tacked onto the walls, so it's a little difficult to figure out what to order if it's your first time.  Luckily, we remembered a few things that we liked from last trip.  We also managed to avoid the busy dinner crowd by coming for late lunch on weekdays (around 2:30 or 3 pm).  It started to fill up around 4:30 pm.  The green tea was nice and dark, and during happy hour (2-5 pm), Kirin draft is $1.95.  Can't go wrong with that!  I will absolutely be back multiple times next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Just had the most amazing lunch. My friend ordered the cold spinach. The name might not blow your skirt up, but OMG, it was so good - has a bit of a peanut/miso/something kinda dressing. Tasted hers, then I ordered one, and she ordered another one. (It's not the wilty, wimpy, American spinach, this has substance). The miso butterfish (oh lordy!) goes perfectly with the cold spinach. Followed up with the tofu salad with tuna sashimi. And have to get the green tea. I'd say this was one of the better late lunches (open at 2pm) to be had in Vegas.
5	Do you have that "one restaurant" where you can call your second kitchen? Where, whenever you have friends flying into town and they ask "hey, do you have any suggestions where we should eat?" it's the first one you suggest? Well, Ichiza is that restaurant for me. I've been coming here for about two years now, and I only wished I knew about it sooner! The waitresses and manager are always so welcoming! The kitchen is a well-oiled machine operating very efficiently. The atmosphere and decor has a great vibe and along with the incoherent chatters from other guests, adds that sense of having dinner with your entire family. Well, on that note, if you are planning to go, let's say around 7 PM with a party of more than 4, it is best to call in for a reservation (2 hours in advance, if my memory serves me right).Now, onto the food (yay!!). I am a creature of habit, so after trying xxxx amount of their dishes (or Japanese tapas as I find myself explaining to what type of food they serve, almost everyone thinks it's a "sushi" restaurant), I have my "core" menu:          "Tatsuta-age" - delicious fried chicken. The citrus soy sauce sauce              complements the chicken           "Yellow-tail tartar" - a must try! If you do decide to order this, try to take a a full                          bite, so that you will experience this dish as it was intended to be           "Miso black cod" - buttery soft and simply put, just so darn tasty!           "Crab fried rice" - I don't think any description is needed for this oneand with my adventurous side, I try one new thing on the menu. Since this is like tapas, I suggest bringing a at least a group of 4, that way, you can try as many "tapas" as you can! You can't go wrong with any on the menu and I have not brought anyone that left unsatisfied or unhappy with Ichiza. If you are flying in late, and you want a late night grub? Get off the strip and try Ichiza and you will not leave disappointed or blow your "Vegas budget"!! P.S. if you can leave room for dessert, try the honey toast!
4	Hidden gem in Chinatown in a nondescript shopping mall next to the main Chinatown plaza. On my most recent trip to Vegas, I wanted to get off the strip to find more authentic/cheaper dining options. The main reason I came here was for the Honey Toast that everyone raves about.We came on the Sunday or Memorial Day Weekend so I wasn't sure if they were going to be open.I called the restaurant several times after 1:00 to see if they were open, but nobody picked up, so I decided to tempt my fate and catch a cab to Chinatown anyway. I got there 10 minutes before 2:00 (which is when they open for lunch) so decided to walk around the plaza for a little bit and come back when they officially opened. After 20 minutes or so , I came back with my husband and found the restaurant almost totally packed. We were lucky enough to get bench seating right in front of the kitchen. The service was slow at times, and the waitress wasn't quick to replenish our drinks,  but the service was friendly regardless. The decor is simple--and the extreme opposite of the elaborate decor of  the restaurants on the strip. The bathroom is half restroom and half utility closet. Don't come expecting anything fabulous. The Miso Cod was downright buttery and delicious. It's a decently sized piece of Cod filet cooked to perfection. My husband got the Pork Udon Stir Fry which was good as well.The thing I came for, the Honey Toast, is exactly what it sounds like...a big hunk of toast with honey drizzled all over it and two scoops of vanilla ice cream. Was it worth the drive to Chinatown, probably not...but I would drive for days for that Miso Cod for sure.
4	I've ordered a bunch of items here, and they were all consistently good on different occasions.  I highly recommend stopping here if you're craving good non-buffet food.
2	Bad experience without even eating here. We dropped in at around 8PM last night. I had a party of 5 and they had a few open tables. We got put in a small table with a stool to the side. Super cramped, so we decided to walk out. Never once were we greeted. We had to tell them we had a party of 5.
4	I love you ichiza I just wish you weren't always so busy and inwish you had all your wall items on one menu and I wish you'd had my monk fish liver and I wish you would open in California,  but all that aside thank you for being ine of my favorite Japanese restaurants hands down and staying open so late and making delicious food though the servive us hit and miss the food keeps ne coming back.
5	Always a destination when I'm in town...
4	Honey Toast...Amazing!
5	Like this place a lotCome with my bf and fam a lot.  We try the shrimp fry rice and all. So authentic !
5	Best authentic Japanese in Vegas bar none!
2	Food is good! Service sucks....I'm here on a Monday at 2pm and there are 2 waiters running around, one is a scatter brain and looks stressed...and there are about 5 tables...I think 2 waiters should be able to take care of 5 tables. I was a waiter once and had to take care of 6 tables by myself.Food me and my friends ordered (total 4 of us):- Ramen DX - love the soup base- Smelt fish - the small fish with the smelt eggs inside yummm- Squid - half was dry (probably from sitting on the counter too long and the waitress forgot to give it to us until later)- Seaweed salad - good, more salad then seaweed though- Salmon sashimi - good- Spicy tuna roll - good- Okra - good, fresh- Fire roasted eggplant - goodThings they forgot:-Spider roll - good if we actually got it on time (they gave it to the table next to us and when they realized we ordered it they took it off their table and gave it to us)-Coffee (be aware that their coffee is $4.50...like the price of Starbucks but tastes weak and is in a small cup)-We asked twice for them to refill our water-We ordered 2 Half ramen and only one came and they forgot the soup...by the time they brought out the soup the noodles had dried up and stuck together...then an hour later they brought out my friends half ramen- Pot Stickers (they took forever on this one and we asked twice and finally decided to cancel it because when we looked over at the waitress it looked like she forgot again)Keep in mind we placed this order all together in the beginning and didn't add on anything and they still messed up.So 2 stars for good food but horrible service, I would've given 1 star if the food was bad as well. We gave $1.00 tip on our $74.00 bill and left.
5	My absolute favorite Janpanese restaurant!!! LOVE everything it serves on the menu, especial the grilled black cod. Price is very reasonable for the quality of food. A must go.
1	I really want to give this place 4 stars, love the food but their treatment of me doesn't allow me to do that. Let me explain.The first time I come to Ichiza I request a table for 2. They tell me its going to be 20-30 minute wait for a table. Its busy so I understand. But I do start to see people who came after me get seated. I asked them about this and apparently those groups had reservations. I have my dining partner who is asian go in and request a table for two, they offer to seat her immediately, she comes out and gets me and it turns into "oh we were just about to call you for seating" I let it slide b/c its busy and I genuinely dont know if they were about to seat me or simply seated me then because of my friends influence. Now, fast forward several months. I go in and ask to be seated for 3. Im the first in my party to get there. Told there would be a 10 minute wait. my wait totals 30 minutes. in that time 2 parties of 2 are seated. I can visually see open seating. Again, I ask about my table for 3 and she states they had "reservations." Again, I send my asian friend in to request a table for 3 and they prepare to seat her. When I come in same story, "oh, we were just about to seat you." At this point, I get the picture. I was livid and so was the rest of my party, we refused to stay. I no longer support this business and will advise anyone else I know to do the same.
4	Refreshing food in the desert heat!  however service is as slow as molasses.The GOOD:Yellow tail tar tar- my FAVORITE DISH of the meal. there was tempura crackers with rice and pico de gallo in the middle, with raw yellow tail bits spread on top, with a yummy tangy (ponzu?) sauce.  there was just lots of textures and flavors to this dish which kept it interesting with every bite.Tuna Tofu Salad- a refreshing hawaiian style poke salad with soft tofu (like the corean kind you would find in soup)  a great change from all the meat and steaks that you get on the stripThe OK:Red Snapper Carpaccio- as decent as sushi can get, when you are in the desert.  the bed of veggies it came on was nice and cripsy and soaked up just the right amount of ponzu sauceBeef Tongue Stirfry- it actually come out on a sizzling stoneware. OMG lots of garlic!  i love fried garlic chips in my food, its always a great addition.  the tongue meat is super lean, however it is pretty tough to chew. The MEH:Mini okominoyaki- took very long to cook and still turned out very eggy like an omelette instead of a pancake.  Good flavor with the bacon ( Japanese pork belly sliced thin and not cured or salty like the american one), sauce, and gingerService was almost unbearably slow for a small place with 2-3 hostess or servers. good luck trying to get your check or get your server's attention.  they look your way but pretend not to see you.Overall however, this is a great place if you want to get away from all the steaks and butter
2	What can I say? Over rated to say the least !
4	Opens late. Fast service good food. Nice food presentation. Last order at 2am. Opens til 3am week days and 4am weekends.
5	I thought I had written a review for Ichiza.... Great food, great service, great EVERYTHING!Love it so much had my wedding reception here...need I say more? Lol
5	HONEY TOAST HONEY TOAST HONEY TOAST!So... as you can see... I came here specifically for the honey toast pictures that I've seen... and it was... FREAKING DELICIOUS!  The only thing I can say I would want more from this dish was an extra scoop of ice cream!But seriously, I was so full by the time I got here and wanted to get some honey toast for dessert.... I thought this place was a cafe with a few items... but man was I wrong. There's a ton of different dishes here that I wish I could try!.. especially the yakitori dishes!  I'll definitely have to go next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Ichiza is a solid Izakaya with fair prices, good food, and open late. Many of their items aren't on the menu, so make sure to look around on the walls for the other items. It's a small place, so it'll take awhile if you come with a large group. Food:1) Beef tongue - If you like the texture of tongues, then you'll like it. It was flavorful, but some of my other friends didn't like it because of its texture.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Z50FudnbVN6ZBijm1ZbHkw#MRiWPQNDdzQCkixIA1dyJQ2) Beef Bowl tastes just like Yoshinoya, but with much better beef quality and without the post-meal coma.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Z50FudnbVN6ZBijm1ZbHkw#gZx7dyZbOl6wM_mgAJGEWg3) Yellowtail Tartare was layered like a sandwich with chips instead of bread and topped with avocado and yellowtail poke. The fish was fresh and the sauce was delicious.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Z50FudnbVN6ZBijm1ZbHkw#GUUzqj8B-3qeH4fXYtwVQg4) Miso Black Cod was buttery and soft. It was cooked to perfection! There was just enough miso for the right amount of flavor, so it wasn't overpowering.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Z50FudnbVN6ZBijm1ZbHkw#jaRWq-B8P--y_9RtXJrNGA5) Fried Calamari - It wasn't that great. I've had much better. I recommend you order something else instead because there are many better items for the same price.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Z50FudnbVN6ZBijm1ZbHkw#79IniSib3kGjGXCips_edgService:The place always seems busy, so it's difficult to get everything in the time you want. Nevertheless, the staff here work hard, and they'll make sure to take care of you as long as you get the chance to flag them down.
4	In lieu of my favorite sushi joint in Vegas, my fellow yelper Liza L suggested we check out this ikazaya she's been wanting to try for a while. Located in Chinatown, the place was packed and filled with a mixed crowd of young and old. The walls were filled with their specials that were all fairly priced. Our party of four ordered a gamut of dishes to share including sashimi, sushi dishes, karaage chicken, pork cutlet (that's supposed to have bacon in it?), squid, chicken gizzard, beef tongue, beef donburi and of course, the honey toast for dessert. The staff were attentive and the food came out pretty quick. I would recommend this place to my other Hawaii visitors who enjoy ikazaya-style dining. Just be prepared to wait a while - ours was over an hour so we just went downstairs to sing some karaoke and enjoy some soju to kill time.
4	Great food, good service, I like the poke sashimi most!!
4	On a Sunday night, to celebrate a friend's bday, we came here and ordered lots of food and drinks1. Chicken Cutlet 2. Shrimp tempura and rice 3. Red snapper 4. Jalapeno fried rice 5. Vegetable croquette 6. Chicken gizzards 7. Brick toast with ice cream8. Yakatori 9. grilled mackerel10. A whole lotta warm sake and Sapparo - We were able to get a big table for a group of eight where we got to take our shoes off but didn't have to sit "cross cross apple sauce hands on lap GINGER SNAP!" LOL ok ok..side tracked...kids...- Food came out quickly. Service was nice. They turned off the lights and surprised him with a banana crepe with a candle and sang happy bday. - No rush to push us out of the restaurant.- Language barrier check! That's when you'll know the food will be legit, if you know what I mean. - I definitely get the Japapeno fried rice, grilled mackerel, and brick toast again.
5	Loved this food!Fresh, delicious, good prices! I suggest you order based off of pictures posted on yelp, because a lot of their yummy food isn't on the menu! They have dishes written on the walls in Japanese, so if this is your first time, it may be overwhelming. Just show them a pic of what you want, they know exactly what it is!! Yum!!I had deep fried quail eggs, a whole squid, beef tongue skewer and salmon steak. YUM!!! Dessert was Honey Toast.If you arrive in the evening, be prepared for a wait. It is 60 max seating, but the wait is worth it.
5	Great food at a great price. I went there a while ago and tried several small dishes. None of them disappointed. I will definitely go back next time I visit Vegas.
4	To avoid being chided, call at least two hours in advance and make a reservation. We called an hour in advance for a 630 dinner on a Friday and were scolded, but we'll take our punishment if it means getting delicious food.Menu is overwhelming. make sure you check the list of 'most popular items' written in marker that's over the kitchen. I think I still missed a number of items that were on signs on the walls, but that just gives me reason to go back next time i'm in town.And yes, the food was delicious. And plentiful. And completely haphazard as to what came when, but we'll take it. Some restaurants course things so that you have a specifically orchestrated experience -- this is not that kind of place. When the food is ready, it shows up at your table.Between three of us, our food came in more or less this order:pork belly with egg, spinach salad (goma-ae), gingko nut skewer, vegetable roll, beef tataki, jalapeno fried rice, shishito pepper skewer, okra skewer, bacon-wrapped mochi, agedashi tofu, okonomiyaki. I ordered a yakitori skewer right at the end to try it, and then the famous honey toast.Of that, I would order the pork belly, tataki, goma ae, gingko nuts again. Gingko nuts were just kind of novel and fun. Pork belly was perfectly unctuous with the creamy egg on the side and almost-but-not-quite-too-salty broth. Tataki was buttery and rich, with a nice portion size. The spinach was a nice balance to all the meaty richness I didn't try all of the vegetarian things. the fried rice had a good flavor, from what I hear, the server was really great about trying to keep the vegetarians from accidentally straying to the meat side. we were able to order the okonomiyaki meat-free, and she steered us away from things with hidden shrimp paste and such.all the food plus two alcoholic beverages came to 90 after tax and tip, and was totally worth it.
2	Went here with a few friends. The food is not bad but nothing to rave about. The service is ok. Some of the food came out fast but most took a very long time even though there weren't that many people in the restaurant. The real big problem my friends n I had was when we tried to pay. We wanted to split the bill and pay on separate debit cards and the guy in charge said we could only split the bill between two cards. Don't see why we couldn't just all pay separate.
5	Ichiza is an authentic izakaya restaurant, Japanese style tapas and skewered goodies! The food is delicious, and it is fairly priced. New menu items are always added on the walls, which is pretty cool. Their Cod fish is simply one of my favs, very buttery and it just melts in ur mouth. Another must order would be their roasted ginkgo nuts! I would order at least 4 skewers for myself. Their carpaccio is bomb, as well as their grilled squid! They open late night and there's always a wait, however the staff are on it, so it's pretty quick. I also like their cozy atmosphere and it feels like ur in Japan when ur inside. In the end, their honey toast is hands down the best in vegas! Perfect!
5	The food here is SO good.  Before heading into the karaoke, the bf and I wanted to grab a quick bite to eat.  I am so glad I braved the flight upstairs in my 4 inch heels to check out the restaurants on the second floor of this building.  The small space was pretty full so I figured it had to be good.We sat at the bar and ordered off the photo menu posted above us:-  uni in ponzu sauce-  yellowtail tar tar-  black cod (bufferfish)-  pork belly with eggEverything was absolutely delicious!!!  The uni was very fresh and I loved how the lemon and cucumbers toned down the brininess of it.  The pork belly melted in your mouth and the yellow tar tar was awesome.  The presentation of each dish was very clean and simple and they pay attention to balancing textures and flavors.  This was by far my best meal during this Vegas trip.  I am craving the uni and yellowtail tar tar.  If I had one complaint is that I think I got the last of the uni so it was a little watery and lost in form.  Other than that, I'm a fan.
3	THE HONEY TOAST WAS ALRGHT. Nothing special.I came here one evening with a group of 5 and we setup shop on a corner table. I've heard a lot great things about Ichiza and some bad so I going in with very high expectation, at the end I was left satisfied but not blown away. I'm still debating if it's a 3 or 4 stars.So you come in and you have the option of dining at the a table, at the bar, or I think on the floor, you know taking off your footwear and dining at one of those low tables barefooted, I may have seen it walking by but not 100% but I do remember that weird smell.  It was packed and the guy behind me kept bumping my chair. When you order there's that typical menu you look at given by the waitress and then there's all of these cards on the walls, all written in Japanese and majority with their English translation, as long as you have good vision and can read some bad handwriting you should be fine.  There was a group of them in a today's special section, so I'd just say start with that and go down the list. My new phone's camera, which I literally only had for 2 days, kind of crapped out and I only took a few photos. Plus I don't know about you but I still feel weird about whipping out the camera and taking a pic unless someone else is doing it, everyone on my table were doing it I should've stole their pics but non-yelpers.The pitchers of beer that they serve might be missing a pint or so because there's a pint size thing at the bottom of the pitcher possibly to keep the beer cool. We may have had more beer than food, maybe.I started with the Fried Salmon and Mozzarella http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Y8RmZH-iYlGQAybrDbSafA#Y8RmZH-iYlGQAybrDbSafA it was one of the items on the cards that stood out, plus it was on a card that was right in front of my face on the wall. I liked it a little different but I liked it.  It was a stick of mozzarella wrapped with some slices of salmon, battered up and fried, cut into wedged pieces and served on a little salad. Also had the karaage chicken http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=IFH4iSxW3hIaxhBMkDZEhQ#IFH4iSxW3hIaxhBMkDZEhQ it was alright not as good as others I've had but enjoyable. It was more crispy and crunchy than meaty and it came with a some shredded cabbage, some sauce, and lemon I would've preferred lime here, as if there was a difference haha and more sauce.The squid http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=PH4fkZfPGjVDCA6OtRKBOw#PH4fkZfPGjVDCA6OtRKBOw was alright but pretty tiny compared to the other pics. We had the miso butterfish, it was good and I liked it. Only thing about it was that it's not a good thing to share with chop sticks, you can't cut the skin with chop sticks and the skin is the best part. Good thing I took all of it. Clearly a group a five can put away more food than what I just mentioned but these are just some of the items I can remember. There were skewers, raw fish, soups, and so on ordered, a good portion of their menu,  but nothing really blow me away.  Even the famous honey toast was just OK borderline MEH.The service was excellent, we had no problems and they were friendly and did everything they were suppose to do. In environment was good.  I would go back, maybe they'll make me up the rating.
5	I typically bring in people here whenever they ask "What's good affordable Japanese food in Vegas?" (The assumption when you ask a question like that is that you have no problems with fish (cooked and raw) and weird sea creatures.)This place is mostly known for its small dishes that are fairly tasty.  (Japanese Tapas?) There is a set laminated menu you can order from, or should you have good eyesight and an adventurous palate, you can order off the walls.  There is some sushi, but this isn't a dedicated sushi place, so don't go expecting the full offering of a sushi bar all the time. Off the laminated menu, all the grilled meat on a stick is good.  Perhaps my favorite is the beef tongue.Ideally, you want to go with a small to medium group of friends and just order a bunch of stuff. I've had no problems with the service.  My water glass was regularly refilled in a timely manner.And if you want the honey toast, you need to save room for it.Also, reservations are highly recommended.
2	Very busy Izakaya which subtracts from the quality of the food. Food isn't made with much attention. My yakitori came with bones in it. And splinters from the original grill. Since its so busy service was slow. Additionally the food is overpriced for the types of sushi cuts given.
1	The GOOD: Service. The BAD & the UGLY... If I was in another country, okay... BUT, amazingly dirty!!!! You could "nate on the floor here and it would go unnoticed. Menus,tables, condiment containers all grungy. Kitchen trash overflowing onto the floor. I've been in gas station bathrooms on the wrong side of town cleaner then this place. Chefs dripping with sweat. I was adventurous though, tasty gooey pork dishes and small skewers of goodness. The unusual tasting Crab rice kicked my daughter horizontal for two days. So maybe they were off their game for our visit, BUT "NO MAS"
5	Love this place as one of my late night to-go spot. I tend to get beef tataki, garlic chicken gizzards, and honey toast. I discovered something pretty amazing lately and it's their JALAPENO FRIED RICE. Yum! TRY it for sure! :)Get their little membership card to get 5% off your check and after about 10 visits ($20+ each per visit) you'll get upgraded to 10% off your check.Check out their many menu items on their walls, read what other yelpers have included as tips, and enjoy yourself in this wonderful little establishment.
1	I always go to Ichiza because they serve good food for the right price, but I ordered some food to go and it included an order of veggie tempura.. Guys, 8 pieces of veggie tempura for $9.95 is too much. It even beats some of the casino prices! Then  I called to complain but all the owner said was.. "uhuh.. uhuh... well if you eat here the presentation is good.. uhuh.. uhuh.." He wasn't even listening.. so rude.. I felt very unimportant and insulted after all the years I've recommended this place to everyone who wants to eat late.. Anyway. This is my second and final review for this place.. A huge difference if you guys care to read my first review.. I'm sorry Ichiza but you just lost a customer.. not that you guys care anyway..
3	Came here recently and just wanted to update that their beef bowl has gotten a little yucky. Still won't stop me from coming here though!
4	All i can say is Salmon... Salmon... Salmon...! Love this place. Really feels as if you are in Japan. Food is great and its open late. Only reason for a missing star is the size of the establishment. For it to be so awesome and so popular there is almost always no room for a decent size party. other than that this place ROCKS!
3	I like to eat  at  here  food  is  assume  and  great i came here  for  7 yrs  now  but  i alway  think  kitchen is  so  dirty lolThis is  problems i can not give higher stars . I have  6 and half yrs of experience being  chef so  i can  see  that  dirty kitchen...
5	AMazing love this place!!!! beef bowl, agedashi tofu my usual orders!cant wait to go back
5	One of my favorite places in town! I love their red snapper carpaccio, miso butter fish, grilled salmon belly, yellow tail tar tar and honey toast. The kushi tan (beef tongue) and chicken gizzards grilled on a stick were surprisingly tasty as well. I can't wait to go back and try more on their menu. They have so many things to choose from so come hungry.
4	a must stop when i get to LV.  good beef tongue. always get the honey toast to finish the night.  the walls have tons of specials.  Ramen is a winna.
4	Good food, good deal,  and we had good time there.
4	One of my favorite restaurant, Vegas or not.  Every time I'm in Vegas, I come here.  Sake houses in Japan were set up to drink Sake socially and have an occasional snack with them.  Ichiza was set up in this manner as well, but it seems that food is the main occasion over the sake.  But that's ok.  Japanese hand written signs are hung on the walls everywhere and a menu is provided.  It's kind of like a Tapas joint where you order many items, they are small in nature and you share with your table.  So many good items like Bochoy, Shrimp Garlic Eggplant, Grilled Squid, etc.  Don't expect your standard Japanese fare like Tempura or Sushi (although they serve them).  No ridiculous Japanese Steak house either, which really bothers me since those places aren't traditional Japanese fare.  This place is traditional Japanese fare where you can't get most of the items in most American Japanese restaurants.  Seating is limited and at times you will share a table with others.  Parking is bad and I usually have to park in the lot adjacent to it.  Give it a try.  I think you will like it.
4	Love this place,Great food & price.
4	The menu here has so many selections that I don't know where to start. Besides the menu, they post specials on the wall written in marker on printer paper; sometimes its difficult to see all their specials while you're seated, so you have to get up and move around. Weird, I know.I've been here twice and let me say, I am giving this place 4 stars for creativity and authenticity. You really can't find this kind of Japanese food, and if you do, its rare. My favorites out of everything I've tried would be the shabu salad, uni in ponzu sauce, and yellowtail tartar. Everything else was good, but it didn't stand out to me.I would love to come back to try their other dishes and specials. BTW this restaurant is open until really late, which is a bonus for a late-night snack.
4	Ichiza is a great little izakaya place. I love the ambiance, and how they have a lot of the items of the wall. My favorites to get here are the beef tataki (I usually get two because its soooo good) yellowtail tartar, fried baby octapus, beef tongue skewers, and the honey toast. I also like the beef bowl but it has a lot of rice so it's pretty filling. It gets pretty busy here and if you plan on coming with a big group call ahead because it is a small place. Parking can also be hard to find if you come during peak hours.
4	Great izakya food and really cheap too!! A lot of izakaya restaurants can really run your bill up throughout your meal but this has got to be one of the cheapest ones I've been to so I was pleasantly surprised when the bill came. Everything was pretty good but here's a list:-Whole grilled Ika (awesome presentation, simple)-Wagyu beef carpaccio (delicate and tasty)-Chicken Karage (simple but good)-Egg custard (single serving cups)-Miso marinated mackerel (oh so fatty and delicious)-Yellowtail carpaccio (solid)-Too many more to count/name!!Overall a great find off the strip. Away from the hustle and bustle with very reasonable prcies for solid izakya has me coming back to this restaurant.P.S. Honey Toast is way overhypppped! It's exactly what it sounds/looks like, no more no less. Being from southern California you find a dime a dozen of these in the san garbriel valley and they blow this one away no problem.
5	This place is authentic Japanese izakaya cuisine (tapas). It alwsys delivers. Sushi is excellent. Tempura light and crisp. And the little plates are all awesome. Favorite is salmon skin salad.
4	Legit Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas? Check! They only serve small size dishes here. So you order a lot and share.Tuna Sashimi Tofu Salad: I dont usually eat sashimi because I can't get passed the texture. But I decided to try it here. And it was soooo goooddd. Maybe cause it was chopped up. Maybe cause it was sooo freshh. Either way, I was thinking.." Where has this been all my life!!??" Favorite dish of the day.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=NTV1hC0Dt5ObQon9fBg9FA#j3Vy1CPwzDo_5UWFrnkKQgSpider Roll: Portions was kinda small for a spider roll. Usually the spider rolls I get come with huge pieces of tempura and tons of crab. This one not that much. Still good though.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=NTV1hC0Dt5ObQon9fBg9FA#AYwXJydKeIN5du8Vs7WJDQTempura: Not greasy at all! Definite plus. And it tasted how tempura should taste!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=NTV1hC0Dt5ObQon9fBg9FA#tLl0giRNdveYI9dvkd0DsQCod (Butterfish): This was delicious! Buttery and full of flavor. It was super tender and just melted in your mouth! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=NTV1hC0Dt5ObQon9fBg9FA#NTV1hC0Dt5ObQon9fBg9FAAll I have to say is, its a little pricey for what they give. But the food is definitely fresh because you get to see all the chefs make the food for you in the kitchen.
4	HATE  Found a small bug crawling on the bar once.DISLIKE  Nothing.LIKE  The desserts. The grilled squid. The jumbo meat patty. The grilled chicken salad. The ramen. The daily specials.LOVE  The fried rice. The Banzai Bunny sake. The deep fried menu items.
2	Will I ever go here again probably not.  It seems a bit over priced for okay food and the portions were very small.  I was pretty surprised that my boyfriend and I got in so quickly being that there is always an hour wait.   I will give 2 stars for the nice staff.
3	Perfect for late nights; closed at 2am.  Reasonable, inexpensive foods.  Ramen was really good; the pork soup base was flavorful and rich.  The beef rice was delicious, and portion size was huge enough for two ladies to share.  Udon noodle soup was bland though.  Tried some of the skewers including beef tongue, chicken neck, beef liver, etc., of which all were okay and not as impressive as the Ramen! Again, ramen's really really good and you must try it!!
5	We went to locate our favorite Sushi place in Chinatown and sadly it was gone.  I used Yelp to locate something close by and base on reviews we ended up in this little place and it was Heavenly!! The service was so great and there is SO MUCH food to chose from! We each order a different lunch special and YUMMY they both were! Ramen soup with a spicy tofu rice mix was outstanding and the Chefs special Benito box was too! Definitely will be back again.
5	This place has just the right amount of ambience, great foods, reasonable prices, and location, that we make a visit to this little shop that can, every time were in Vegas.  The food is meant to go with beer or sake(duh it's a sake house) with grill skewers, finger foods snacks, fried rice and ramen, sushi, sashimi, over a 100 varieties of snack written in the walls in Japanese.  My all time favorite is the wasabi octopus, it's just so good
4	First time trying the Ichiza. I must say, they do have lots of special fishes. We ordered:Butter black cod - pretty goodStir fried gizzard - I liked itSpider roll - don't worth the price Yellowtail tar tar - I ordered because everyone said its good, I would not order again though.Salmon chazuke - I'd recommend they chopped the salmon to small pieces, I think it would've taste better.Beef tataki - it's really good!  One of "must order" dish.  Beef Tongue skewer - I think it's alrightAgedashi Tofu - I like this. Raw tuna appetizer ( forgot the name) - its different, but I didn't like itI believe this will be a "go back" place if I visited Vegas again!
1	Food is good but their service is getting worse each time.We came as a party of 7 and the bill was $208.38 which has already included 18% gratuity. We paid cash and added extra $4 to make it 20% gratuity.We went downstairs and this waitress named Mami yelled from upstairs saying that we owed her $1. It was very embarrassing for our whole group because of her action chasing after us with the bill in her hand. Everyone from the tea station was looking at us.My sister went upstairs and talked to her.The amount for the food was $169 and they automatically added 18% gratuity which was $208.38. We paid them in cash $212 with the extra $4. Someone internally from their restaurant took away that $4. Well $1, $4.. Whatever it was that not our main concern... Is it proper to yell and chase after customer for 38 cents short from the gratuity so that whole mall can hear that??!!!There was no apology from her at all.No matter how awesome the food is... lousy customer service can turn customers away. That's really too bad... We used to visit this restaurant every time we visit Vegas. No more!!!
5	Can I just have everything on the menu? I wish! The daily specials are always the best, it's fresh fish and tastes as if it was just fished from the sea. The tofu tuna salad is my go-to-food, I always have to get that when I' m there. The only thing I dislike is how most their menu is on the wall. I like that it's interactive but having to get up and read all of it is a pain, especially when it's jam packed with people.Tip: make a reservation! It saves so much time and you get your table right away.
5	I would give this place more than five stars if I could. I went there because a friend of mine told me how good it was. I was not let down. It's a small sushi bar with limited seating, but the food is worth the wait if it is busy. They have all kinds of menu items posted on the wall. Everything I have tried there so far is excellent. You have to try the desert they make with ice cream inside bread with honey.
3	Sooo .. why is this place so popular and over hyped? Maybe I'm a bit biased. I'm not really a tapas person but I do like Japanese food. My friends and I were in a group of 5 and we decided to come on a Saturday night. The wait actually wasn't bad, we went around 8:00PM? And we were seating in maybe 20 minutes? Now, when I went there, I was surprised at how packed it was. There were a lot of people, which is a very good sign. It must mean their food is fan-fucking-tabulous, right?! RIGHT! They gave us a menu, but why do they even need to spend money on menus? They have menus all over the wall. I wish I had done more research cause then I would've brought my glasses with me. Oh, no, they don't a set of menus that repeat on the walls. Everything that they paste on the walls are completely different. To my right, behind me, and in front of me were all different items. Too bad I can't read any of the ones that were in front of me. I was sitting in their "fake" tatami mat style tables so facing me was the bar, and on top of the bar was where half of their menu was posted. I fully realize that this is not uncommon but squinting is not how I want to begin my night even though I'm Asian. Anyways, between my friends and I, we ordered the following:Tataki: Almost rare beef slices that were seared. It had good flavor. Though, I could do without the ponzu sauce. Not bad.Yellowtail Tartar: Pretty good. Though it can get kinda messy once you start eating it. Not bad.Jalapeno Fried Rice: Has potential to be better. It didn't have much flavor. Also, I think it's because when I think jalapeno, I think spicy and this dish was not spicy at all. I even ate the slices of jalapeno and .. well, nothing happened. They actually had a spoonful of siracha on the the rice for you to mix it in with but ... uhm, why? Shouldn't jalapeno be enough? Though this does give me an idea to try to make this dish at home ;)Garlic Chicken Gizzards: Possibly the best dish I had at this establishment. Though I'm not sure bugger sized pieces quenches my .. cravings for it. But it has great flavor to it. Thumbs up.Kimchi Fried Rice: Nothing really spectacular about it.Buttered Clams: Uh .. I think I prefer a black bean sauce to go with my sauteed clams versus this. It wasn't that eye opening. It was just like, "Oh so this is it."Beef Tongue Skewers: It took them a while to get this out to us. It was good though. Nice and tender ... however, the other skewer that my friend had -- she said it wasn't that tender. It was actually tough for her. So .. inconsistent quality. Grilled Whole Squid: So, they actually forgot about this item. They forgot to input this order. When all the other foods were finished, we all just sat there waiting for this dish -- which took FOREVER to get out. It wasn't good either. It was kind of fried on certain ends. We're not so sure their fire on their grill is quite balanced. I had wanted to try their honey toast but one of my friends said it was nothing special and over hyped. I trusted his judgement and decided not to bother. SO. It's average. It did not tickle my taste buds. Sorries.
4	This is the perfect "go to" spot after work hours -- especially if you're working late.. I've been here countless times after ending my midnight shift and it always hits the spot!  All of their dishes are a sort of Japanese tapas -- super delicious no matter what you order.. Try the catch of the day and chef's recommendations to explore your dining repertoire and never leave without having the famous honey toast ice cream.. Seriously, you won't be disappointed.. I have to give ichiza 4 stars only because the place is dated and more if a hole in the wall.. But, seriously -- I wouldn't be surprised if its eventually featured on food network for that honey toast desert -- literally every table had it after their meals!
4	I have been to Ichiza many times and have never really tasted anything off their large menu that made me have a foodgasm and so I was starting to think that the place was way too over-hyped... But on my most recent visit I discovered the Uni (Sea Urchin), Ika (squid) & Natto (fermented soybean) roll and it was so freakin good! It's definitely not for everybody with its interesting flavors but for my palette, it was perfect. I love uni but I would never think to pair it with ika and natto but somehow the flavors all worked together.. The buttery uni, chewy ika, slightly tangy natto + the floral taste of the shiso leaf was a party in my mouth.. And I definitely want to go that party again LOL It was a little over $8 for 4 pieces but I think it's worth it.. I was also impressed by the quality of the salmon sashimi on this visit! Even though everyone raves about the honey toast here, I am not a fan of it.. The last time I got it the bread was hard & burnt and there was just too much bread vs honey/ice cream..Service is a hit or miss and there aren't that many tables to sit at which causes long waits at peak times.. So if you're someone who likes your space this isn't the restaurant for you because most likely you will be sitting very close to another party.. They even have a large shared table in the middle of the restaurant & shoulder to shoulder countertop seating.. HOT TIP: Look around at the menus on the walls before making your selection on their main menu and don't be afraid to ask the servers what the most popular items are ;]]]
5	Really good place to eat and chill with the family.and to eat really good Japanese food
4	Ichiza is for the most part ALWAYS packed. I agree with most that this restaurant is over-hyped. Their food doesn't taste as good as it used to BUT I would still come back time and time again. I don't dislike anything on their menu and love love that they have daily specials. You have a lot to choose from when it comes to dishes and their prices are reasonable.The restaurant's concept feels authentic and comfortable.Some of my favorite dishes are:Garlic chicken gizzard Kimchi fried rice Stir fried udon Kim chi fried rice Beef tataki The honey toast is a must have for dessert. So delicious. So simple. Ask them to lightly toast the toast otherwise it'll most likely come out burnt on the outside. Service is a hit or miss. The restaurant is quite small and there aren't very many tables so you will most likely be very close to another party...but that's apart of what gives Ichiza it's authentic feel. (Restaurants in Japan work with very little space also) If you're coming with a large party try to call ahead of time to see if they are able to accommodate.
5	I am always intrigued by the guidance and reviews of so called "foodies". Some of these neophyte food critics act as if they've never had a bad day, too quick to rush to judgment, and almost as pompous as the guys that get paid to eat!That said, on to Ichiza izakaya! I was introduced to this eatery by a best friend who has been in the food and beverage industry for twenty plus years. He has worked every position possible, from cook to GM, and I consider him pretty well versed in cuisine and restaurant operations.From our first visit, to my occasional stop ins, I've never had a bad experience here.  I will admit, I am not too terribly adventurous, but have tried several dishes, and all have been proper, and to my liking, even if something I might not regularly order. Tako and tempura have always been a favorite, and are always good and consistent.  I would not say the sushi style items, such as sashimi poki, are amazing, but they aren't bad either (it is an izakaya after all).  The daily specials sometimes yield some surprising little dishes that always excite. Sweet Corn is also a smile maker, and the ramen is quite good.  As for the honey toast? It is something that will satisfy a sweet craving, but it is not all that spectacular either (I wouldn't go out of my way for it). I must also say, the menu items being taped to the walls is cute, but can also be frustrating, as they are all over the place, and difficult to read. Better to ask your server for suggestions with this one (they've always been very helpful).Speaking of servers, and service, Ichiza is consistently busy, partially due to being on the smaller side, and also to a very loyal clientele. The ladies at Ichiza do the best they can considering these two factors alone. The servers are all cute, very friendly, and always smiling. As busy as this place gets, the service is efficient, effective, and simple, and the girls hit all the important points with friendly smiles.When you consider Ichiza has been around for over 10 years now, the loyalty of most of there customers is understandable.  This restaurant easily qualifies as a trail blazer for Las Vegas dining.  When you consider what they do every night, in the middle of the desert, and NOT in a casino.... It's a very good restaurant, plain and simple. It's is most definitely worth trying.
4	So, look- this place is great, it is not insane good- just so you know. But it is more of an experience place. Not family friendly unless you can get their early and get a table. Yes you must get the honey toast and that is great. But what I like best about this place is that the small plates allow you to explore stuff you would not have otherwise and do it on a budget- and if something bombs with your kids- all good, there won't be a huge plate of food left.
4	Good japanese fast food off the strip, cant go wrong with it. The first time I had the beef bowl and was pretty impressed, the second I had some fish bento box and thought it was good...mainly the reason I can give it 4 stars is that its good food at a even better price
5	Tartar yellowtail! I couldn't believe how good it was! Service was very fast and very friendly. I'm going back tomorrowwwww
4	I always have a good meal here and it's very well priced with an interesting menu. My only thing is that it's tough with all the different items on the wall. It would be easier if all the dishes on the walls were on a menu. Seafood is always fresh and they have Japanese comfort fare too like udon.
1	Ichiza is Ichiza..  Don't get me wrong, their food is delicious but my last couple of visits; their service is and employees are getting high on their pedestal.I went there tonight, Halloween night..... they were not busy at around 10 pm and had plenty of tables open.  There were 4 of the girls standing around admiring their costume and taking pictures of eachother with their cell phones while my wife and I patiently waited to be sat.   It's a shame... this place WAS amazing. But the people here need to get off their high horse.
5	Love this place! I love the concept of tapas/small plates because you get to try a bit of a lot of things. The couple of times I've been there have been in bigger groups so it's fun trying all the different dishes. Just about everything we tried was very delicious or at least very.. interesting. The honey toast is a must for dessert. Reminds me of my grandma's version of an ice cream sandwich- 2 slices of bread with vanilla ice cream in the middle. Yum!
3	This place is almost a four, but cramped seating and blase service keep it at a three. Most all of the dishes are really good, but not quite excellent. I still really enjoy going to Ichiza, it just does not float my boat like many people who rave about it. More people should skip the wait and head to Yonaka instead.
5	I can't never remember the exact name of each dish here... my recommendation for everyone is: look on the wall for great food... I haven't had a bad dish here yet.My wife and I love to come here.The price is not super cheap for a homecook dinner meal, but for a Friday's date, the price is just right.
5	One of my all-time favorite places to stop by at every time I'm in town!My friend that lived in Vegas took me here for the first time 3 years ago and I've come back a few more times in the following years. They have so many options on the menu I never know what to choose! They also have specials and other items that are listed on the walls and not on the menus so be sure to check those out too. It does get kind if difficult sometimes to read the messy, colorful, and small handwriting across the room with the Japanese words bigger than the tiny English translations on the bottom, along with the fact that there's SO many on the wall you could get lazy at looking at the whole wall after going down just the first row of items. One would think english is the more common language to read..What I do know is you must get the yellowtail tartar which was so amazingly delicious I could imagine the taste and crunchiness in my mouth right now. It is a great appetizer to start out with and the yellowtails freshness is complimented so well with the blend of avocado, rice, and crispy delights.Another good one is the tender and juicy beef tongue, the one that's sizzling on a hot plate not the skewers because its more of a good deal for the price and amount you're getting. I've also tried a variety of the skewers and they weren't bad but I just think you're better off getting other dishes that are more worth the price. I've also tried the red snapper carpaccio: delicious, agedashi tofu which was pretty decent, a couple of their sashimis which have all maintained their freshness, and honestly I don't remember what else I have tried because there's just so many..But  save the best for last...honeytoast AHH. You MUST get this no matter what. I've never had brick toast so good until I discovered the absolute best at Ichiza! I highly recommend you let your waitress know at the beginning that you will be getting it because it does take a while to make. The warmth of the crispy toast drizzled with honey mixed with the creamy lather of ice cream definitely hits the spot. They soak the soft buttery insides of the bread with just the right amount of honey, and top it all off with big scoops of vanilla heaven. Oh my goodness your tastebuds will literally be doused with feelings of ecstasy and thanking you the whole way. No lie.Service is meh don't really remember much, just servers doing their job accordingly. The restaurant is a little bit cramped, and it can get waaaay too busy at night, but if you come in the afternoons it's not too bad. They are open quite late though. Just remember, whatever you do, whatever you order, no matter how full you are..Get the honey toast!!
4	i have been to this place quite few times already.enjoyed everytime,service is always good..very casual dining place.lots of stuffs to order,althogh a lot of items are on the wall,its hard to know what you are gonna look for..bring a smart phone with you and slide the pictures on the yelp and look for the dish you like would be a better way.
4	Absolutely incredible food!!! A must for anyone visiting or local. Price is more than reasonable. Every dish they serve was better than the last. If I had to pick my favorite is the grilled cod...nothing was needed to add it was perfect just the way it was prepared. The octopus and onions was good too. Beef liver was another favorite of mine
5	Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! I go only a couple of times a year and love the experience of all of the dishes I order every time. At my last visit, I ventured out and tried the beef tongue, it was so tender and full of flavor, a must try! The fried quail eggs are a favorite of mine and love the dipping sauce. Kimchi fried rice and beef tataki are also a must! Only critique is an older gentleman host who told us that he would be able to seat us if we were able to finish our dinner in one hour, we had reservations. The food more than made up for it, sticking with 5 stars.
2	Tried this place for the second time on 11/13/13 and still not that good. I believe that will be my last time going there. Although $2 beer pints for happy hour is great the food is just not that good. I would say try it and check for yourself.. who knows maybe you will think different. The service is mediocre and their sushie is bland with no flavor.
5	If you're lucky enough to get parking and a reservation, then you know this place is off the chain!  There are so many options on their menu... I personally love the bacon wrapped asparagus and their honey bread dessert.  You can't beat the real Japanese Style ambiance and the flavorful food.  Can't wait to be back in Vegas to enjoy the Yakitori. You need to give this place a try when you're in China Town.
3	Really rad place to have get togethers with friends. Would suggest calling ahead of time for a table. Small establishment. Decently priced food. Very friendly staff
1	This place is disgusting. I've been here once before and left disappointed but I thought it was worth a second chance since so many people go here. If you're completely intoxicated and go here at three in the morning you'd give it 5 stars because everything tastes good at that time. Anyone that likes real 5 star Japanese cuisine knows better.From the second you walk in, you get hit with the smell of raw onions and rotten eggs. We started with the oysters on the half shell--inedible. They only carry a gigantic type of oyster that clearly isn't meant to be eaten raw. They were like 5" long and they didn't smell fresh. Everything after that was a blur. I barely are anything because every dish either looked or smelled unappetizing. Every plate was sitting on top of or marinating in layers of raw onions. Eww eww eww. And I like onions but they take it TOOOO far! If you're looking for authentic Japanese food that is worth the trip , don't go there. Never again! I left hungry.
1	I have NEVER gotten such worse service!  And I didn't even go to the restaurant!Let me start by saying, I am an avid sushi connoisseur but just recently moved to Las Vegas.  In the month that I have lived here, I have tried quite a few different places around West LV and Summerlin and thought I would try something along Spring Mountain.I called hoping this would be a great new place to dine and hopefully become my regular sushi spot as I have yet to find one.  Unfortunately, when I spoke with the man on the phone, he horribly let me down and left the worst possible representation of a business that I have every experienced!  I simply asked if there was a happy hour and before I could follow up his quick, "NO!" requesting if they took reservations, he interrupted me by informing me that he is too busy to talk and must go.   As I tried to delicately keep him on the phone to finish my inquiry on the establishment, he promptly HUNG UP ON ME!!  I tried to call back and on my return call, he answered and blurted, "I am too busy now, must go!"  And hung up!  Any business that expresses that kind of attitude toward a potential customer, should not be in business.  I can only imagine how they handle the customers in the establishment when they get "too busy!"  I refuse to even consider this a place to go and will highly discourage any of my colleagues, friends, and clients from Ichiza as well.
5	love this place although very small and had to wait for a seat every time.
1	I was a long time and loyal customer after I moved to Vegas 2 1/2 years ago and I went to this restaurant numerous times until when I start seem HUGE cockroaches. First time was my ex boyfriend came to visit so I intent to gave him a better impression after he dumped me so we sat at the sushi bar then he pointed at the wall and show me the HUGE cockroaches walking on the wall slowly across the bar, I was so stun but since I was such a LOYAL customer, I did not mentioned to the owner. I mentioned to the owner next time when I was there then the owner just looked at me for couple minutes and saying if NEXT TIME if I happen to see again, he will give me 10% off. WHAT?  NEXT TIME? he forgot how many times I already been there after all these 2 1/2 years? I mentioned to another management next time and got the same respond. I decide not to go this restaurant anymore. 1 month ago, I brought one of my new friend there for lunch then we saw the cockroaches again. I mentioned to the server that the reason I stop coming here because the cockroaches and now here's again and the owner's attitude. She did not do anything either. Couple days ago, I went to the restaurant tried to order the lunch special and I got there at 5PM sharp and the owner was calculating the total bill for the others and not even look me for a second, after couple minutes passed, he said the lunch was over at 5PM but I got there at 5PM, he did not even look at me. I swear in my life that I would NEVER going to step into this restaurant again after I waste my life at here for more then 2 years. Isn't the customer service most important for the Japanese restaurant?It's a pricy place and noisy and crowed place, just not sure why so many people go there for? You won't have a quality time for easily paying over $80+ for 2 people. The moist important is there's no SERVICE at all. The owner's attitude is even worth to hell. Don't get me wrong, I already ordered lunch special for over 50 times and their food has no problem at all but the owner is that kind of person since he sees so many customer coming up to the store, he forgot what's called SERVICE and APPRECIATION. He's taking for granted especially for a long term customer. Not only this restaurant is dirty, noisy and crowed and you have to wait for at least 1 hour in the night and also you will for sure join the dinner with the other insects if you are still want to go. Good luck for the people who still going.I am terribly upset right now when I am writing this post. I wish I had never spend that much money & time to this restaurant in my life.
3	Too crowded, too Many things on the menu can't figure out what all is there. Decent food. Maybe I'll come again? Not sure
5	Where do I begin? The service is great! The employees are really nice. Everything I ordered was in my stomach a minute later. The ramen was better than other places that specify in ramen. I also ordered the black cod miso. So good!! Its far from where I love but well worth the drive!! I will be back.
5	Quickly sat at table 3:45pm on Tuesday. It happened to be happy hour. Half off on Kirin beer. I had a bottle of blueberry sake and hot green tea.  The blueberry sake is sparkling and sweet.  The ramen had balanced flavor.  The black cod was a good firm texture a little fishier than I prefer. Mini corn dogs have a curry batter that is very light.  There is a juicy crunch to them. I dipped it in spicy mayo. The yellowtail sashimi mixed with avocado was served over rice/tomato/onion sandwiched between what looked similar to fried wonton. This was nice and fresh tasting the crispy part was flaky and not hard. Nicely put together.  I REALLY wanted the honey toast.  I only had a little more room left in my and my boyfriend didn't want any. I didn't think it would be worth spending almost $8 for dessert that I could not finish alone. Our service was quick and attentive.  I'm happy with the food here. Total before tax $61.13.
3	Ichiza, I wanted to love you, but you just fell a bit short.I consider agedashi tofu a benchmark dish - if the batter is filmy and stretchy, it's not quite right to me, and if the broth is overly sweet, that's a huge red flag. The batter here was stretchy, and the broth was sweet. So that was already one strike.I also didn't like any of the raw dishes here, though true izakaya restaurants don't focus as much on that, so it wasn't a huge letdown for me.The yakitori was inconsistent. My favorite is usually kawa, but the one here didn't have the char that you need for that one to be truly delicious. The tsukune and okura were good, but the gyutan was rubbery, a big no-no for me.Yellowtail collar tasted good, as did the uni (the only raw seafood dish that worked), though there was a bit of a funky aftertaste with one of the pieces of uni that we got. Service was good, if a little indifferent. Good prices for Vegas, or I'd have given this even lower ratings.
5	I regularly come here for their ramen and honey toast. Their beef bowl is great too. The decor of the place might not be suitable to some but if you're like me, you'll enjoy the "street-market" feel that Ichiza is attempting to embody. It's executed sincerely and doesn't care to "polish" itself for tourists. Perfect for locals or people looking for great food. Be sure to check their "off-menu" items that are hanging up on the walls.
1	Service is BAD and food quality is just OK... Disappointed! We ordered ramen and waited around 1 hour. Salmon fried rice and kata yakisoba were salty. Two items were served that we didn't order. I won't go back this place.
4	Whenever I come to Vegas, Ichiza is one of my go to places. Lots of alcohol and Japanese comfort food! When you go, get there early as it is a very popular place. One thing to keep in mind: the parking there sucks and is totally FUBAR! You may have to park next door in the shopping center and walk over.
4	When a friend of mine says they want me to take them on one of my food adventures, ichiza is one of my favs. I love communal eating so Japanese tapas hits my happy place.It's Located on the top level of one of the many outlet malls on spring mountain. I love walking into the space here. The first stand out feature is the seating is intimate and lively, with only a few tables and is almost always full, even at 2 in the morning. The kitchen is small and completely open, and I always try to sit at the bar so I can watch the the 8 or so people run and create beautiful dishes. Secondly they have a small basic menu you can order from, however all the specials are posted on cards all over the walls. So this adds to the excitement of your experience, leaning backward and forward to find something new and delicious to try, if that's your thing. ( it's soo my thing)I recommend trying anything off their "most popular" cards. I love the tuna tar tar, red snapper carpaccio, tofu salad. I also enjoy the beef tongue ( if your adventurous) and the spinach and tuna roll. And for dessert you have to try the honey toast, or the coffee jello both are tasty fun desserts.
4	Good food, nice service.more hidden menu on the wall,you have to check or ask the server.
2	Short one night trip to Vegas the day after Thanksgiving and was welcomed by a sea of Asian fobs (who apparently don't believe in Thanksgiving). After giving up on Bacchanal (3 HOUR WAIT!!!!), we ventured to Ichiza. Put my name down for a party of 6 and was told that it would be over an hour. Decide to just tough it out...10 minutes later, my friend goes in to check on our position and is told that the wait is now 30 minutes. ???After waiting for about 40 minutes, the owner comes out and asks us if we can finish dining within an hour. We oblige, mainly just to grab a seat.Once seated, we promptly order everything we can think of, in hopes of finishing within the agreed upon time. Wasabi octopus....."Sorry, we are run all out."Okra natto...."Are you sure you want? It has natto in it." (Me: "Yes, I understand this")Ankimo...."I am sorry. No more."Uni in ponzu sauce...."I'm sorry, we are all out tonight."After scrapping together an order, we wait once again. 15 minutes pass before the first dishes come out. Some were decent, most were par for the course. Nearing our one hour limit, we are waiting for our bowls of ramen. We inquire and are told, "we are out of miso broth, only shoyu ramen left. Do you still want?"Me: "Yes."Would have been nice to be asked this a little earlier.Another 10 minutes....and they bring 1 out of 3 ramens ordered. We finish. Promptly given the bill by the owner.Average yakitori. Below average service.
4	Mmmm! I'm so glad we discovered this place.We were told a 45 minute wait, but it only ended up being about 15 or so.I had the grilled salmon belly and pork belly.  Delicious.  The pork belly is one of my favorites.  It was so tender and melted in my mouth.  The salmon was also very good.For dessert we had both the honey toast and the crepes.  The honey toast was amazing!! I dream of the next time I will eat it.  The crepes weren't very good in my opinion..The menu is huge.  Half of it is all over the wall in the restaurant, so it gets difficult to read.  The meals are pretty small, almost tapas style.  So order 2-3 things.Service was quick and friendly.We will return:)
5	My very first yelp review: The reviews on yelp and fodors about Ichiza were spot on. We had an amazing, delicious fun meal and a great time.  Right down to the special attention and care around my gluten allergy, not an easy feat in an Asian restaurant (the second ingredient in soy sauce is wheat).
3	IchizaParking (4/5)Parking lot is shared with bunch of other shops in the plaza so its easy to find a spot when they are busy. Atmosphere (4/5)This place is always packed every time I've been here. It very loud at night and the wait could be more than 30-60 minutes. Also, their waiting area is pretty small so on busy winter nights get ready to spend sometime outside of the building. You can always leave your name on the front desk and go to other shops in the plaza.Service (3/5)Service is prompt and very courteous. The waitresses were very helpful in picking out food and explaining what each item contained.  Even the owner of the restaurant was making sure that everyone was being taken care of properly. His suggestion on some of the food items was very helpful.Food (3/5)Our dinner primarily contained of everything on their menu; meat stick items, ramen noodles, mackerel, miso soup, and my favorite Blue Fin tuna poke. They have bunch of meat on a stick items, including yakitori and chicken meatballs. Meat on a stick is always the best opener appetizer item for a gathering, this was followed up by miso soup and ramen noodles, which were good, but the noodles were nothing spectacular. If you want better noodles then you can go to Sora Ramen, which is couple blocks away from this place. Mackerel was bit over cooked, which made it bit chewy. Bluefin tuna poke was delicious, I felt guilty after ordering it but it was very fresh and practically melted in your mouth. The most disappointing item on the menu was their honey toast. This is the worst dessert I've ever had. I just don't see how you can make a dessert out of a loaf of bread, ice cream and honey. It's to heavy and simply the its too sweet.Overall, this is a reasonably prices restaurant, but some of the food items are either not made correctly or the flavor just don't add up, Ichiza get 3/5
4	I love all of the waitress that work here. They are so incredibly beautiful in every way!!!The food is great, the beers are cold and the sake hot. I absolutely love Asian girls. And these girls are a dream come true
4	I love Ichiza. Small Japanese Izakaya in Chinatown. I think I've already reviewed the place but oh well. I always get the same things. Shabu shabu salad, ahi tuna tar tar, agedashi tofu, Tom yum roll, jumbo meat patty, and this other sushi roll on the wall that has eel and a little fried like sweet potato cake on it. The food is consistently good and once you're in from possibly waiting then the service is pretty good. They have daily specials and aside from their menu they have items all over their walls. They really should update their menus or figure something out. They have so many things to choose from that people never know of because they can't read the walls. Anyways the food is priced okay but the food itself is always really good. I suggest going right when they open or before they close otherwise they're always busy.
4	Good spot for great food! They have raised their prices just a little but it's still worth it.  It was so reasonable before (prob the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars) Tends to get very crowded. Be prepared to wait. Also parking can be a little tough so try and avoid going on weekends.
4	I was introduced to Ichiza from others that were on the Ichiza hype and it's pretty good... when you can actually get a table....  I would recommend making a reservation even though you may have difficulty getting anyone to answer. We went late Sunday night at 9:30pm thinking that we would avoid the crowds but the wait was 1.5 hours long. I would normally understand but not so much when I see through the window and notice that a few tables were empty and no one was being seated at them. The hostess were turning guests away.  Parking in the plaza is crazy. Good food but go earlier in the evening or on the weekdays.
4	Great food. Been here three times and will keep coming here whenever I'm in town. As usual, the beef tongue is delicious. It's a must. Then there's miso butterfish & agedashi tofu.This time we added salmon belly, garlic book choy, and stir fried pork with napa cabbage and shitake mushroom. All are yummy! The salmon belly melts in your mouth the second you put it in.And of course you have to end it with the honey toast!I don't give 5 stars because the place is always too crowded and they're always overwhelmed. You always have to get their attention every time you need something.
5	Ichiza is my favorite restaurant on the planet. When I first started coming here ten years ago, I was generally the only white person in the restaurant. Recognizing that my presence was probably bad for business, they always seated me in the back near the restrooms, regardless of how empty the restaurant was. I can respect this kind of racism and have been a loyal customer ever since.The menu only lists about 1/5 of the items available; the rest are written on pieces of paper taped to the walls. It is truly a dizzying number of choices, but that is part of the beauty of Ichiza. Though ordering randomly isn't the worst idea, here are few suggestions to get started: red snapper carpaccio, grilled corn, bacon wrapped mochi, pork with shiso leaf, tofu salad with tuna sashimi, garlic baby bok choy, and wagyu beef fried rice. If you still have room for dessert, the honey toast is a unique experience, best for parties of three or more (or as a meal on its own for two).I would eat here at almost any price, but the fact is it's amazing affordable. You can eat like a hog for about $20 per person. It's also a great late-night choice, open until 3 or 4am, depending on the night. On the off chance it's closed, head west a few blocks to Pho Kim Long for great Vietnamese food.
5	Discovered this place accidentally when I was on the prowl to satisfy my ramen needs. It was after midnight and the place was jammed packed with people waiting outside in the friggin' cold! BEST ACCIDENT EVER! Ramen DX to die for. Spicy tuna roll of perfection no other have thus far been able to live up to. Seaweed salad, hot green tea, superb selection of sake, and butter clams ubber yummy! I try to try a new dish every visit. Well unless I order togo, which is several times a week. SMH 30 min trip one way for this Fab Food Heaven? Oh F*** Yes!
4	Honey toast the size of your head!! Need I say more? Oh and it tastes really good too :) This is a pretty darn good izakaya and one of my go-to places to eat when I'm in town. I wish that they could stay open later than 3, but I would totally ditch the club early to eat here.A couple of my favs include beef tataki (a must), beef bowl (when they don't run out for the day), karaage, spicy tuna rolls, and sometimes ramen. I'm even a sucker for that peach sparkling sake thing that I can't seem to find anywhere else! Service is always attentive even when we come during the busy times. Don't forget to end your meal with an order of the honey toast!!
5	Love this place!!! Exclamation points galore!!! This is one of my fave Japanese restaurants. Their menu is so extensive.. and it is constantly being updated with new items. Everything from sushi, rolls, salads, soups, tonkatsu, ramen, noodles, yakitori to delicious desserts. This place serves authentic Japanese cuisines. Love the traditional and authentic Japanese decor and "pub-like" feel. Prices are reasonable. If you're in Vegas - forget the buffets - this is one place you'll want to visit. The honey-toast dessert is a MUST-HAVE. (I think you'll agree my photos speak for themselves!) Pros: Delicious. Delicious. Delicious. Great customer service. Authentic Japanese vibe. Very reasonable prices. Open late. Casual dress. Cons: Place is always packed and you'll probably have to wait, but this place is worth the wait.
4	Vegas Ramen Quest #3 of 3 days in a row...  This restaurant stood out.  Not for the ramen, but for all its other dishes.  Fantastic Japanese restaurant with a huge variety of offerings.  Peruse the menu, browse pics on Yelp and find yourself reading all the litter on the walls, featuring everything else you'd like to order.  This, was annoying.  Lovely decor, but Monkey don't want to read the walls to figure out what to order, especially when trying to read over other tables.  There are Yelp pictures of stuff we wanted that are not on the menu.  Server was very helpful to narrow down what it was we were looking for.  #91 RAMEN DX - good, but still falls below Monkey's Gold Standard of Ramen, LA's Daikokuya.  In fact, I'm writing this 2 weeks later and I can't remember anything worth mentioning about this ramen. YELLOWTAIL TARTARE - Now this blew our minds when it arrived to our table!  Order it and be amazed.  There are bottles of wine we reserve to celebrate with, this dish my wife insists I only order with her.  FRIED OYSTERS - Monkey don't do fried oysters and this didn't change my mind#45 BEEF TONGUE SKEWER - This arrived first.  Savory, chewy, delicious.  Think marinated beef chewing gum.  Can you imagine?  Monkey loved masticating this sliver of cow tongue. Ever see a monkey make out with a cow?  Loved it so much we ordered another skewer to finish us off, instead of dessert#87 BROILED RICE BALLS - If you love the toasted rice at the bottom of your stone pot bibimbap, you will absolutely order this.  Imagine two tennis ball-sized triangles of rice, toasted crisp on all sides and probably brushed with soy sauce.  Fantastic, but oh too salty for Monkey.  Will definitely order again with less salt.  Open every day 230pm - 3AM ! ! !  Great place for after drinking/partying or sampling different items while drinking...  Monkey cannot wait to return!
5	Best izakaya in the US.  we are from Japan and this place maybe better than some of Izakaya in Japan.  We will see them in our next visit to Vegas!!
5	Oishi!Delicious is the only word needed to describe Ichiza. After we finished a tradeshow on the strip, some of our Japanese colleagues wanted to bring us here to celebrate a successful show. When 3 Japanese guys speak passionately about Japanese cuisine in America, you listen!We had all manner of sashimi, as well as some cooked dishes whose names I can't recall. The flying fish sashimi was particularly memorable. The server even fried up the head for us, and even *THAT* was delicious!And if you're not an adventurous eater... they serve beer by the pitcher and have some pretty great sake as well. There ought to be something for everyone at Ichiza!
5	Everytime I've been here its amazing! I highly recommend going! You will not be disappointed.  Prices are good and even on the cheap side.
5	Ummmmm goodI don't go to vegas much but when I do I make effort to go to ichiza.  Its been a year since i went but still remember it fondly.  I've never been to Japan but when I go I hope the food is like this.  One of my favorite japanese restaurants  I  hold in similar regard as Domo in Denver.
5	This is a one of a kind Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas. A lot of other Japanese restaurants offer sushi as their specialty. Here you will find many other unique items on the menu. Having been to Japan where freshness, presentation, and simplicity of the entrees (meaning they don't mix too many ingredients that it takes away from the main ingredient in the dish instead of complimenting it) are what is showcased, this place truly matches up.Try the sauteed beef tongue (or just beef for the less adventurous), tofu steak, Jalapeno fried rice, and tofu mousse for dessert. There are so many other things on the menu or off the wall  that are great, that you can try a new dish every time you go and you wont be disappointed!
4	Japanese run restaurant in Chinatown with private seating option...sounds like adventure? Sure was. I didn't want those fake Japanese teppanyaki sushi joint on strip, and I read a review of Ichiza on Japanese blog. You walk on and it's complete Izakaya experience. Japanese manager sitting at counter and cute Japanese waitress with high pitch voice repeating orders...I got my hope high. Menus was very authentic Izakaya menus. You don't see crap like California roll or Kobe this and that. Sat on counter with my client, we had good time feeling like back in Japan. Food quality, however, was hit and miss. Small appt dishes were all good, ramen was too soy saucy. But hey, this is Vegas put of nowhere and we were thankful for this innovative guy running true Essenes of Izakaya business.Majority of customers here are Chinese or Europeans, only japanese are the actual people working...interesting eh?
5	A little pricey (if you eat a ton of sushi, like I do) but definitely worth it! Not someplace I come to on a daily basis, more like a splurge or a special occasion. I've brought several friends here and have converted them into Ichiza lovers too. Great food, quality ingredients, cool atmosphere, what more do you want?
4	Ah, I finally found somewhere delicious, reasonably-priced, and comfortable for dinner in Las Vegas.  Having the beef bowl, having finished the Cold Spinach in Sweet Sesame Sauce appetizer.  I'll come here again.
5	KF = Kid Friendly (at a decent hour)I've been here with / without kids over a dozen times. I am never hungry or disappointed at the end of our meal. Sometimes we have to wait, but again, with kids it's not worth waiting unless there is something to look forward to. My kids are adventurous, so slimy and raw is perfectly acceptable. However, there are a lot of KF basics such as tempura, calamari, beef and chicken and if that is not acceptable, you can just head up Spring Mountain and hit McDonald's. Our personal faves:- beef tataki (I get 2 orders because I don't like to share this ;)- calamari - nice and crispy, but if they get rid of the garnishing they can add a few more rings- pork belly bowl - my 6 year-old won't share this- beef tongue - yep I said beef tongue. So tender and tasty that tongue is.- bacon wrapped mochi - who knew?- mackerel sashimi- red snapper carpaccio- sakana pinchos - inside out roll- yellowtail tartar- honey toast - if you have room, but we usually get Boba downstairs at Tea Station ;)And as always parents, don't forget to drink a lot of sake!
5	This is a great izakaya place with a huge authentic menu and lots of specials.I came here with a bunch of friends after a day of climbing at Red Rocks. We had made a reservation in advance since one of our friends had been here before and we knew it would get packed quickly. It's located upstairs in a vanilla strip mall, but don't let the exterior deter you!It's already been a few weeks, so I can't remember all the dishes we ordered. A few highlights:Miso black cod: Nice and subtle flavor. Lightly broiled.Garlic steak fried rice: Sooo good. A must. Better than the kimchi fried rice.Honey toast: Save room for this. You'll thank me later.
3	I have been enjoying this place every time I visit over 10 years.  I feel like I am at my hometown in Japan.However, I noticed a quality of the dishes were not good as before.  There were only few Japanese restaurants ten years ago in town, we were so happy and appreciated to have their dishes, now there are tons to choose from, similar/better restaurants out there to enjoy.I still hope Ichiza will be back as our favorite true Japanese izakaya soon.
4	So, this isn't the fanciest place, but it is pretty darn good! The menu is HUGE, and then all of a sudden, you notice a ton of specials on the walls. It is a bit overwhelming, but everything is priced so reasonably, that you can easily order a few (or several) things and still pay less than you would on the Strip.I ordered the crab fried rice (yum), the deep fried octopus (same thing as fried calamari), and sampled a bunch of things that my friends ordered (raman, grilled squid, mackerel) . I was pleased with everything. They also have an extensive sake menu. I tried the "reisling style" sake, and the presentation was very strange. My glass was inside of a little box, and she overfilled the sake glass so it overflowed into the box. So, when I finished my glass, I just poured the liquid in the box into my glass. Odd... The sake actually tasted just like Reisling, so it wasn't really worth $10, but oh well...Next time, I'll be more adventurous and order some other, less conventional, items. I enjoyed my time here, though!
5	Mmmm Ichiza... one of the best spots for Japanese eats in Chinatown.Ichiza has been long considered to be one the better and most authentic Japanese restaurants in town. I am no fan of seafood and thus Japanese cuisine is something I rarely get excited about but that all changes when I set foot inside Ichiza.The restaurant itself is something I would imagine to be right out of Japan. Small and cramped but cozy, daily specials written in Kanji and English adorn the walls. The staff is super friendly and always have great recommendations. There's a small tatami area off to the side which is a nice touch. Ichiza's sake selection is pretty good and the sushi bar is definitely worth checking out.The chicken and egg bowl is my personal favorite. Its a little like a teriyaki bowl with sliced chicken breast and egg scrambled in. Top it off with some sriracha; tasty and healthy! Now on to the infamous honey toast! This is probably their most popular dish and huge reason alot of people return. The dessert is a large cube of toasted bread with scoop of vanilla ice cream and drizzled with honey. Though it may sound weird, the honey toast is absolutely delicious and a must try for any first-time visitor.Ichiza is a must for any Chinatown trip.
4	The place isn't fancy but it's comfortable. The service is quick and professional. The restaurant is sort of small so go early or make a reservation.Everything we tried was tasty and the price was right.  The Honey Bread is downright sinful (but in the best possible way) and the noodles are the perfect texture. Beef tongue was tender, the garlic gizzards are worth ordering and the miso butter fish just melted in my mouth.The menu is huge and can be overwhelming.  I found it helpful to look at what other diners were ordering and order it too!
2	Ive been there several time for menu selection. There have a lot of good menu to choose from  But the service is not good whenever I go there and the cleanness is bad even though they have open kitchen
2	Short: Nice for a change, good food, some decent prices. But service lacks, and sometimes not worth what you pay for.I've been here twice with a friend (who raves of it), but both experiences were varied.Walking into this place feels like you've walked into a small izakaya in Japan. It's instant. Wrapped bar, large sitting area, and side tables all cramped into the small place. Lovely.Lunch special was good and well worth the price. No problems there.Dinner was a different story. While there are some great choices, a large portion of the main part of the menu isn't worth the price.I ordered some yakatori (chicken skewers) and other meats on skewers, with a side of a couple kushikatsu (deep fried on skewers). When my and my friend's order came, we were surprised on the portion size: Two skewers for around $2. Great, right? No, that was a order of two, and each skewer is about 6" inches long--very small for what I was expecting. Having a taste of them, they weren't all that great. Flavor was good, but tough meat (chicken gizzards was very hard).. I had a big hassle both times with the service. Food was always brought out whenever the servers felt like it, so while my friend ate, I had to sit around for my food to come. There was a mix up with the orders and quantity, and it was also hard to get the server's attention at times. Bottom line: I wouldn't return to deal with the service. The lunch service is very good, and happy hour (2:30-5) is worth it as well. Just not dinner, and not anything on skewers--as I see it.
4	I go here every time we hit Vegas with the girls.  It's super legit Japanese food - takes me back to my child and teenage years - with yaki-ika and (apparently) killer natto.  I say 'apparently' because I don't eat that stuff but the BFF loves it.  Whatever you do and whatever you eat or drink, finish it off proper with an order of honey toast; you will not regret it.
4	The best Japanese restaurant I have been to in Las Vegas. It is small, so you should try to make a reservation if you want to go there during peak hours.
4	Where have you been all my life, Ichiza?Sushi, Ramen, and anything else Japanese? In one little space? I was intimidated by the wait at first, but what started as an hour wait ended up being only 25 minutes when several other parties cancelled. And thankfully, this appears to happen A LOT. But just remember, while it's not required, reservations do come highly suggested.As a party of four, we all went in on the menu! One friend got sushi, another got mackerel, I got Japanese-style chow mein and gyoza and the fourth friend got something that begins with "oppa" (not sure how it's spelled). It's all perfect for sharing. I liked everything except the mackerel (and I don't like mackerel in the first place so the restaurant is at no fault for that).Everything on the menu is really cheap by itself, but be mindful that everything does add up really quickly. We were quite surprised by our bill at the end of the meal.Oh and did I mention I loved the ambiance? Between the low tables, the backless chairs, the small space with warehouse lighting, the large crowds and the Japanese written all over the walls, I really did feel like I had just been transported to Tokyo, and not just an Asian-themed strip mall in Las Vegas.Pros:The ambianceMenu has loads of variety and very reasonable pricesFrequent and friendly service who won't get annoyed if you add more and more to your plateCons:Small space leading to (possible) long waiting times to be seated and servedWhile each individual item is inexpensive, it can all add up really quickly if you're not paying attentionReturn Factor: I'd love to
2	Food was decent, but the manager on duty was super shady. First, no service, we didn't get napkins or water until 20 mins later when we asked for it. At the end, I paid with cash, and waited for change, but there was less $10 bill when the manager gave us the change. When we confronted him about it, he said there might've been a mistake and he corrected it. This is just not right, some shady things going on! It is unacceptable for a restaurant to not give the right amount of change, and it seems like this manager was trying to do it on purpose!
4	Ichiza another great place  to eat and drink hang out with a group of friends in Vegas ...Great yakitori  there beef tataki are awesome ika-yaki good. There whole wall is basically a menu so don't be shy to ask the waiter waitress what are they. There's so many other good things also And for dessert don't forget just ordered a honey toast..... I'll be coming back soon. Make sure to make reservations it's get kinda crowded.
4	Hmm.... if you're from LA, this place would be very average for any izakaya in Torrance or SGV.   For LV, this is near, if not top, since it's got over 900+ reviews at 4+.   Anyhow, we tasted many items across the board and they're all solid.    I would highly recommend you to just buy out the entire popular list.  It's about 10 items but it's a good start point for the rest of the order. Other tidbits, it's on the 2nd floor, call ahead for reservation....
5	Ichiza....Ichiza....What can I say?? This place is great!! I was brought their by some friends because  of their Honey toast... It was late we ate at a sushi house and topped it off with their honey toast. The honey toast is something out of this world... Toast, honey, and ice cream thats it! it is amazing! I have gone back to the point where I dont even count now. The have such great food.  The beef tataki is crazy good, raw beef, ponzu sauce. Try it, It is def something out of the box but you will be glad you did! also I tend to get the Buta Kimchi with a side of rice. Its something you cant go wrong with and it is highly recommend from me.  The atmosphere is great, very inviting and can get crazy because they get so busy no matter what time it is or what day it is. Sitting at the bar is an experience and you should try it at least once, you get to see all that goes into each dish and its pretty amazing how efficiently everything is. If you are in chinatown please stop by this place and be surprised how good this place is and then go tell all your friends!
5	Very good. Got the stir fried beef tongue, deep fried garlic, whole squid and some sushi rolls. All were very yummy! We will definitely come back next time we are in Vegas! Until next time ichiza!
5	Reminds me of Sapporo in NYC. Which is closed. But was so cozy and cool. Which this place is. Wish you could still have a cigarette while you waited for your honey toast. Word to the wise... Order off the specials on the wall. That menu shit is Mickey Mouse stuff. Alsoooo.... The Mariah Carey Destinys Child jams blasting while I enjoyed my amazing meal was a goddamn legit crown jewel on my ultimate dining experience. Can't wait to come back.
5	I am simply rating based on the Honey Toast since that is the only thing I ate when I went there. Some people said "it's not worth all the hype". NO! IT IS WORTH ALL THE HYPE. the doughy center is beyond amazing, the honey, the toast is toasted perfectly. The only way to make it better is to use homemade or thrifty ice cream.
5	Wow did this place shock me.  We can't get a restaurant like this in North Carolina so we were super excited to go and it lived up the expectations.  The items are small and greatly priced.  This allows you to order lots of things and try different things. The raw octopus was the best I've ever had. The squid was very good. The waitress was very helpful we even showed her pictures from yelp & said we wanted that and she knew what we wanted.  The beers were cold.  Pictures are the best for this place...def use as a recommendation. Save room for dessert you have to try the toasted bread thing....Amazzzzing!!
5	I try to eat mostly raw vegan food but when i cheat once in a while I come here and have veggie ramen with okra nato :)The servers here are super friendly and love the vibe in here all together
4	-Sunday Girls' Night Out with besties Chinita Bonita and the Nigerian Nightmare (bonafide Yelp nicknames.)-Three days before Lent and giving up sugar, I wanted to come here specifically for the honey toast, but also have dinner, so it was pre-Mardi Gras, Asian style.-There is a menu here, as well as daily specials on a separate piece of paper, PLUS multiple items that are not on the menu, but posted on the walls all over the restaurant on signs.  This means that you must get up from your seat and walk around reading the signs and try to remember which ones you want to order by the time you get back to your seat and the waitress returns to your table.  Then you order one of the items and hope your waitress knows which sign you're talking about because if not, you might have to get back up and walk her to the sign across the room.  -The plates are good for sharing, so we each ordered a few items and tasted everything.  I did not have the sea urchin mochi dish; Bonita and Nightmare had that.FOOD:  miso ramen (half order); sea urchin mochi; yam potato and sesame salad; mapo tofu; pork dumplings;  mini pork okonomiyaki; honey toast.The honey toast takes about 15-20 minutes to prepare, so our waitress kindly gave us a heads-up when she saw that we were slowing down.  This is only the second time I've had this dessert and I definitely liked this version better than the first one I tried elsewhere.  Served with two scoops of ice cream and large pieces of toast with honey drizzled on it, this is the perfect thing to share with your favorite people, and that's what I recommend because it's big.  CB and I did most of the devouring while NN watched.  More for us.Our bill was less than $43 and although service was a little hit and miss, I would definitely come back with the girls.  After Easter.
4	Ichiza is always a great late-night spot to fill your cravings or to just hang out after work with a beer and some skewers. Apparently, I'm not the only one who thinks that. As a result, Ichiza is always packed, especially in the later hours. Sometimes you won't have to wait or may have a short 5-10 minute wait if you're eating alone or in a party of two (that way you can sit at the bar) but if you require a table, the wait is usually at least 30 minutes or even more. Of course, their earlier hours are less crowded, but many of the menu items (such as skewers) are not available.Ichiza has been around for years and they remain pretty consistent in terms of food and service. A few times, however, my orders were forgotten or took a ridiculously long time to arrive. It can get very busy with only a few waitresses so I can see why mistakes happen.The vibe is very authentic and is a local hotspot. There are item names posted all over the walls in both Japanese and English and sometimes you just have to wing it and see what arrives at your table. My favorites are the beef tataki, skewers (chicken gizzard and liver), grilled squid, and the tuna and tofu salad. The beef bowl is also a nice and filling item if you're hungrier. There is always hot green tea, which I love, and sometimes a little mini appetizer depending on the day and what they have.There are so many menu items to be had so you really just have to try it yourself. It's a fun and casual dining experience with guaranteed good food that has created so many regulars over the years, myself included.
4	The clubs weren't that hot that night, and my friends and I were hungry for some grub.  "ICHIZA!" we proclaimed.  Of course, there could be no other choice.This place always ends up being one of our go-to spots in Vegas after the clubs.  They're not open 24 hours, but they're still open pretty late.  If we know we can make it in time, this is what we crave.There's really only one thing we want.  The hamburger steak.  It's not even on the menu, but it's so delicious.  The patty is moist and seasoned very well.  Then just a little bit of gravy to top it.  We can't resist.Add some fried rice to order to complete this meal, and at 2am in the morning, we are happy campers.ICHIZA!  My happy after clubbing place in Vegas.
4	Food is great. It usually super busy in here so be prepared to wait. When you are seated the menu is all over the walls so I'm usually just pointing at items. They just bring out whatever is ready and sometimes there's one person at the table not eating. I've actually had a meal finished before the other persons food came. I've also experienced them forgetting my order from my while parties. Service is like any other typical Asian restaurant, there's none. I'm giving them 4 because the I do love the food and ambiance.
2	I don't understand why this place has so many good reviews and a 4-star rating. We were disappointed with the quality of pretty much everything we ordered. The ramen was super bland, with the soup base being super watery. Same thing with the udon noodles, though it was slightly better than the ramen.All their skewers were hard to eat as well. We ordered different types (liver, gizzards, tongue, etc.) and every single one was so overcooked that it was rather difficult to pull the pieces off the stick (practically stuck and hard as rock). The "uni over baked mochi" seemed a bit interesting when we saw their special dishes posted along the wall. But when it came, it looked quite awful. The mochi tasted like stale gelatin that was baked to the point where it could barely be chewed. The uni....let's not go there....Service was so-so, not the typical Japanese hospitality you'd expect. To make things worse, they made a mistake on our check as well that we had to correct their calculations.Go elsewhere if you're looking for palatable food.
4	If you want to hang out, go there at night and be prepared to wait.If you want to eat, go there when they open at 6pm.Having been to Japan (my son in the Navy was stationed there), I have to say the atmosphere, menu and ambiance, resembles a neighborhood Japanese eatery.Let's call this place for what it is. It's a Hipster's hangout that serves Japanese Tapas.  If you get really super hungry, bring your wallet.Sushi, is just so-so, but cooked entrees are good.Service is very "scattered", however, it's a lot more traditional and authentic then the typical Japanese place in Las Vegas, and certainly a better value than the places located on The Strip.Parking does suck, so I suggest not bothering and just parking in the lot of the center next door.If you don't want to wait, go the Korean Gardens BBQ, next door.
5	One of my fav places to eat. Great price. Great food. Haven't had a bad meal here. So many different selection. Only bad review is it gets busy during peak time. Hint. You can make RSVP.   Love the baby octopus salad with bachoy, fatty tuna sashimi, yellowtail tartar to name a few.
5	Great price, friendly service, and great food! Try their black cod and honey toast, two thumps up!
3	Came for a quick and light dinner.Good:Stir fried garlic chicken gizzard.OK:Black CodNot so much:Spicy deep fried chicken soft bone was bland.Beef tongue was over salted.Sorry, LV.  LA has you beat.I do want to come back and try more stuff. So, we'll see......
5	I love this place. I always get their beef bowls. It's inexpensive but you have to get there early or go late because seating builds up. Just remember it's location on the upper level of the shopping plaza. It's a popular place and they also have pretty good sushi rolls. When I get the beef bowl, I also get the Vegas Unagi tempura roll. You can't fit the whole thing in your mouth. They tempura dip the lobster mix or crab mix (I forget) and it layers on top of the roll. It's also a great place to have a few cold ones with friends. Remember everything is not on the menu and do your best to read the selection cards that is taped around the restaurant.
5	This is my favorite sushi buffet spot in the United States. I know it sounds grand, but it's true.
5	If you don't want to wait, it's best you go there before 6pm, or any time on weekdays.(You can also call and see if it's not crowded)- - Edited on Apr 24 2014 - -The hours has changed.No more lunch hours.Opens at 5pm, last call at 2:30am.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - My suggestion is, if you crave something and don't want to miss it, call and ask them before you go. (There can be groups of people ordering 20 beef tan skewers for each table, seriously.)About the items on the wall, yes it is hard to read English since they are so tiny. If you are willing to read all that, prepare your glasses and take a walk. I would check yelp first since many items on the wall are already introduced WITH pictures (although prices are often wrong).But still, servers can help you picking so tell them what you want today. Servers there eat their food too so they can tell you what they think about the item you're about to order.Lastly, it's better if you tell the server about your allergy or veganism.(i.g. Jalapeno fried rice comes with some shrimp heads on its plate.)Hope this helps!
3	I came because of the great review on the food but sadly I was let down by a few of the dishes: bok choy $3.95 = bad choice and a total rip-off! 1 large head of bok choy and a few scattered pieces drowned in salty soy sauce. famous beef tataki = thin slice beef; some unevenly cut; easy to swallow when dip in the ponzu sauce but the lemon-y condiment sauce with it made the entire bite taste like dish soapYellowtail tuna tartare = very good combination with the crispy fried wonton sheet between rice and avocado, tuna mix. However, there was barely any pieces of tuna ( 3 tic tac size pieces at most) Presentation look ok but closely looking at it, the avocado mix look like someone vomit up some nasty green gloop.Ramen with the pork belly = nothing special that's worth $8 but it will fill you up so you don't have to order too muchChicken yakatori = a dried piece of chicken drowned in cheap store-bought teriyaki sauce. I took a bite and didn't want it anymoreHoney toast =$8 probably the savor of the entire meal. crispy edges, enough honey to go with bread and vanilla ice cream compliments the bite. Towards the center, there is condensed milk that adds extra sweetness to it. Very filling-- 1 order can feed 4 people at most.$40 meal for 2 people = not worth the price to eat while in vegas. Service- f
5	Um, am I too lenient to easily hand out five stars to so many Izakayas in Las Vegas?But it would make me a liar if I'd call this place anything less than perfect. It's really authentic in vibe and any of items I randomly choose tastes exactly like one in Japan. For an establishment like this, execution is everything and Ichiza lives up to the hype.My only question is if this place is an amenity or destination for visitors. Locals like us are lucky to have Ichiza around.
3	A mixed experience. Tried the grilled shitakes and grilled garlic, both disappointing. Beef carpaccio was tasty. Hamachi taco cracker things were not bad. Sweet shrimp in limes were ok but should have been better. Bacon-wrapped grilled mochi was very tasty. They were out of uni. Shredded tempura veg were a bit disappointing.
5	my fav Japanese restaurant right now! they have so many options and daily specials...you might not always know what your ordering but if your adventurous you wont be disappointed. I have regretted ordering anything here so far. definitely try to broiled squid and the honey toast for dessert
5	Been coming here for years since it first open about 12+ years ago?The food is awesome excellent here and there's a ton of variety + huge menu. It's my go-to Japanese place for sure.A little downside is that there's always a wait for tables (30+ mins). Unless you put in a reservation (4+ people minimum I believe)I recommend trying something different everytime you go... there's easily 100+ different little dishes menu items spread all over the walls of the restaurant and at the bar.
5	Ok I have the most picky bf ever and he was totally down with the beef bowl! Yes! Awesome ramen. Good size portions. Cute girl servers. full tummies.
3	Tip: Order the Yellowtail Tar Tar for sure.Pros: Great food, flavor you can savor and recognize. Once your taste buds catch onto a taste they like, you'll be back. Its also fairly easy to get a seat, and I think they're open late.Cons: Uncomfortable seating. They also keep your ongoing bill / check in a slot underneath your table that is quite obtrusive. Is is really that hard to slap a number on the side of each table and hang them behind the register? It may be easy to get a seat, but this restaurant is also on the 2nd floor, and you need to take a scary elevator, or the stairs. Handicapped people are treated to a free haunted ride of the elevator!
4	Came here on a Tues night at 6pm. Warning. If your coming after 6pm, make a reservation! We were a party of 5 and were lucky to get in. They did accommodate us, but told us we had to leave by 7.  This place got so crowded at 6pm!! Full house! Legit Japanese place. My folks had the ramen, and I had a chicken egg bowl plus a few skewers on the side. Traditional Japanese recipes coming from someone who is Japanese.My folks came with me. They ordered the ramen, but preferred Monta Ramen better.( see my review on them) Service was a bit hectic, but the place was packed so I don't blame them. Foo
4	Seriously love the food here The restaurant has a really cool authentic feeling to it. I've never been to japan but I feel like this is what it would be like there lolTheir salmon sushi is always so fresh and perfectly cut so if you're into sashimi, I would highly recommend it.But only reason why I'm not giving them a 5/5 is because of their super shit menus haha they have really small unclear pictures of some of the food and you literally cannot even tell what it is
4	You will not be disappointed. It's not the best yakitori style joint I've been to but you cannot deny selection and authenticity reigns supreme here.A smallish space, in a strip mall, in Las Vegas, next to a massage parlor does not sound like the makings of a positive dining experience. But not every gem is set upon a pedestal.The selection is awesome. If you want to test your adventurous side you will be happy. If you're accompanied by a tame eater you can get them some tempura or teriyaki items. This place is great with squid. They have at least half a dozen variations, one of which should appeal to the squid-lover's pallet. They have a cheap blue collar beef tataki... great. Beef toungue skewers... great. A salad with salmon and salmon roe... fantastic! The whole grilled/broiled squid is just right... nothing fancy, just right.They have so many selections it would take a thousand more words to do the menu justice. I'll leave it at this; wide selection, fun atmosphere, friendly service, good quality and great price. Give it a shot.
5	This place has got to be one of my favorite Japanese izakaya places up there right next to kappo Honda in Orange County. I've been here a couple of times when I'm in Vegas and the food here has always been amazing. All their dishes are super unique, fresh, and authentic. I've been to japan and I would have to say that this restaurant comes very close to the type of food you would get there. Just be careful not to order too much because they have a pretty big selection of food! And all look delicious so you're going to want to order everything!
2	Oh man so I know everyone just loves this place. Well I have been here a couple of times and usually go for the beef bowls. So this time around, we decided to get more of their specialty stuff. So we got lots of different things the pork and onions skewers, beef tongue skewers, buttered clams, hamachi sashimi, beef carpaccio, miso cod, salmon Kama. The skewers were ok not as good as kyaras but ok. The clams were ok as well but a little too salty to my liking. Hamachi sashimi was good. The beef carpaccio was too oily. Miso cod was such a disappointment it was mushy very salty and just lacked the sweet flavor you usually get at other places. The salmon Kama was also salty and didn't seem cooked right.Surprisingly compared to other reviews I actually thought the service was great. They very attentive Sorry maybe we went on an off night
5	This place is awesome. Been here at least 5 times and consistently find something new that is delicious each time. They have a regular menu, but all along the walls are different customer creations that form an unofficial menu.
4	Man, that DX miso-based ramen... So delish =] it comes with a bunch of veggies, seaweed and half an egg and some beef. The normal portion was pretty filling, and they also offer a half size. The dumplings come steaming hot, and if you like fried tofu, I would recommend trying it. The honey toast dessert is huge..
1	Plenty of tables, as the host stares us in the eyes. We wait for 5 minutes. Nothing is happening. Did I forget to mention......THE SMELL. Oh. My. God. Stay away unless you've worked at a garbage plant for an extended period of time. Seriously, the smell is disgusting. And the floor is super dirty. Not going back.
1	I haven't been here in a year or two.. Reason being is the last time I walked in with a friend and it smelled soooooo bad. It turned me off I almost thought I was pregnant!Well here we are and I walked in tonight and it's that same disgusting smell if they didn't wait so long to seat me I probably would have tolerated it and stayed.Weak sauce, it was cool back in its hay day!
5	Overall, I love this place and it is a must go anytime I'm in Vegas. Like any place, I've found that certain dishes will vary depending on the visit. There's usually a wait time depending on what time you go, and I've waited anytime from 20 minutes to an hour and a half. I do think it's worth it, since it's hard to find good food similar to what I had when I was in Japan. I've had a variety of the dishes here. Here are some that I always get when I go: Salmon sashimi (very fresh), the agedashi tofu, chicken skewers, yaki onigiri. and the ramen. There are many others, but these are the ones on the top of my head.While I love the simplicity of their honey toast, I do wish they would put more honey in it. Other then that, it's a really good to end the meal!
5	Yum!  Everything we tried was delicious.  Yellowtail something or other (it was atop crisp fried wonton squares), ramen, deep fried chow mein, and black cod filet.  I was worried because, at first, I thought we'd have to order 15 things for me to get full (I'm a little piggy and doing "small plates" kind of freaks me out).  Yes, most plates were small but everything was bursting with flavor.  The ramen and the chow mein were HUGE though, so I was definitely full!I was teetering between 4 and 5 stars.  My husband says I give too many 5 star reviews...maybe I just thoroughly enjoy food?  Then came the honey toast.  That made Ichiza earn the 5th star in my book!  Delicious, buttery...it would make an amazing breakfast!  My husband saw it and said, "Oh, that's all you," because he isn't a huge dessert person.  I haven't been much of a desserts person lately since I get so much of it at my bakery.  I honestly don't even love honey.  But that thing.....oh my!  We will definitely be back!
2	I've been going here with friends for several years.  Authentic Japanese cuisine, lots of special dishes, and priced very affordably.  The problem is, quality and service have dropped significantly.  We ate there this past weekend, 8 of us and it was painful to get service, when food arrived it was 4 pieces for 8 people, then we would wait another 10 minutes for the next item to arrive.    I've left here hungry just about each time I've dined because I get tired of waiting.   Only serve Kirin beer as well, unfortunately.  Won't be back.
5	When in Vegas - grab a cab and get to this place.. Located about a 10 minute cab ride off the main part of the Strip. It is on the 2nd floor of a non descript shopping mall. No extra points for curb appeal at this place.First - the place was packed. We ended up waiting a few minutes, but it was full up. Second - Big bottles of Asahi are $5.95. You should get a few of these. Lastly - the menu crazy! It is on the menu, but it is also plastered to the walls on a ton of little signs. Ramen DX and Fried Pork with Kimchi were amazing.Bonus - the place is open until 2amN*joy.....
2	I don't get it. I have heard rave reviews about this place for the past 7+ years, especially for late nights. Perhaps my expectations were too high, but I'm quite certain the food is just sub-par. I went out with 3 lovely ladies and we ordered a TON of food. I'm not certain I even remember it all but it went a little something like this: squid in squid ink, squid roll with uni on top, uni in yuzu sauce, spider roll, spicy tuna roll, shrimp fried rice, vegetable tempura bowl, ma po tofu, beef tongue skewers, chicken skewers, calamari, wagyu beef carpaccio, and potato and beef stuff. Some of the items were alright like the yakitori, and the carpaccio, but everything else we ordered, I have had far better elsewhere. The squid in squid ink was far too salted, all the sushi was mediocre and the uni wasn't top notch, potato beef bowl had a pewtrid aftertaste, and the worst was the slimy ma po tofu. It was so slimy and weird! This is a decent spot if you're looking to sample many various types of Japanese cuisine in one spot, but they don't seem to do any of it very well. After a disappointing dinner, we figured the honey toast wouldn't let us down. Oddly enough, none of us have ever tried to, so we ordered one vanilla and one green tea. I'd say honey toast definitely looks better than it tastes, although the one we received didn't look that great either. The sides were extra toasty, and they didn't seem to saturate the toast enough with honey, so it was very dry. All of us ended up just eating the middles and leaving two huge shells of honey toast on the table. I did however, appreciate the green tea ice cream by itself. The vanilla honey toast was way too sweet being covered in honey. Overall, I will certainly never be returning. I'll save that space for all the fobby Asians that are stampeding through the doors.
4	Had dinner here about 11 pm Sat/3 May:- Showed up without reservations and the place was busy so I had a 15 min or so wait before I was seated at the bar by the hostess (per my preference).- $3.95 draft Kirin or a big bottle of Kirin/Sapporo/Asahi ($6?) were good deals.- I really enjoyed the pork belly + egg (my favorite that night) and octopus.  The cow's tongue skewer and chicken gizzards + garlic were good.
5	First time here and definitely coming back. It's packed, and on a Monday. Was not impressed with the limited menu at first but quickly realized there were dishes listed on the wall.  A lot of them.  We sat near the kitchen which gave me a chance to eye out dishes I'll try in the future.  Service was quick, and the food came out quick which helps the crowd turnover.  Speed did not impede on quality.  Started off with the fire roasted eggplant and cold baby bokchoy. Both were refreshing.  Ichiza's ramen dx did not disappoint. Neither did an inexpensive and satisfying shrimp tempura bowl, served over a bed of rice and tempura flakes.  Of course, do not leave without a serving of honey toast.
5	I stop by Ichiza every time I go to Vegas. Having grown up in Japan, I can tell you that this izakaya is legit. Since I've lived in Salt Lake City, UT for the last 8 years, this is the closest 'real Japan' I can get to. On my most recent trip, we ordered:- Gobo wrapped in pork skewers- Potatoes wrapped in beacon skewers - Yakitori (skewered chicken)- Small ramen- Shrimp Gratin (it's like a creamy casserole but with rice instead yummm!!)I really wish we had a joint like this in SLC. I would eat here every day, no joke!!!
5	Bomb ramen. All the other food is delicious. Always worth the wait. They can always do most specials any day. Love the atmosphere and service. Never have been let down by this place.
3	I came to Ichiza with my family because everyone was raving about it. The food is cheap, but the waiting time to get your food is so long--15 minutes just for a rice bowl, really? BlahMy parents didn't wanna try again, so it sucked that I couldn't get them to come back. The next time I was here was when I had a Lolita fashion meet-up. It was dinner time, so it was busier than lunch time, but the waiting time for my food is equally as long--perhaps even longer. I think I waited 20-30 minutes for my bowl.I'd come back here if service was faster; otherwise, I'd rather head over to nearby Shuseki. It's quieter and faster, too!* If you want to order more things at Ichiza besides what's on the menu, look at all the paper postings on the walls. They have some hidden gems on there.
5	Food and service so authentic the wait staff barely understands English.Protip:If you can read the kanji on the walls, you'll get the most interesting/freshest food daily.
5	For a moment I didn't feel as though I was still in Vegas... What an awesome little place! We sat at the bar and watched the chefs make the meals. That was fun! They also have an area where shoes aren't allowed! The atmosphere was fast paced and loud and I loved it. We ordered a sushi roll, a yellow tail tar tar, and beef tataki. All were absolutely fresh and phenomenal. We had a bottle of sake as well. It was super yummy! I Can't wait to go back!
3	So I've been wanting to try Ichiza for the longest time. It was girls night so I suggested we go to Ichiza. The lady told me that we needed at least 3 people in our party to make a reservation but luckily I had a party of 4. The parking lot stinks but if you can get parking then it works out. We ended up rushing upstairs as we were running a little late. The verdict. The food was ok. I don't really recall anything that stood out to me that said OMG you have to come back! Now that I look back I don't really remember what I ate except for the fact that I took pictures. I remember the uni being decent and the Wagyu carpaccio as well. We had ordered a lot of food and I felt everything was just mediocre. Maybe I went on an off day but it was a Friday night and people were waiting regardless of the fact that there were open tables. The menu is all over the place so that was a bit annoying. One wall had specials and then another had more specials. For those sitting by the window it is tough to see these specials and you just felt rude walking to someone else's table to look at the writing on the wall. Overall I thought that the honey toast would save the night but it didn't. The green tea ice cream was good but the toast was so dry and I was like I'm never ordering honey toast again! Ichiza was a big let down and I hope that if I ever do come back again I won't be as disappointed.
4	Izakaya in Vegas? Sure, why not?Some of the advantages about coming here early (like 5 PM when the store just open) are plenty of available parking spaces and none of crazy waiting line. Nothing superb about the service, staffs got the job done and we all got our food in an orderly fashion. 31. Garlic Baby Bokchoy (stir-fried baby bokchoy with garlic soup - $3.95): Simple and decent dish. Tasted just like how my mom would cook it - garlic soup wasn't too crazily salty, but I do think $4 is a bit pricey. 45. Kushi-tan (most tender beef tongue - $2.25 each): A huge hit. Beef tongue was grilled perfectly with just the right seasoning. Now that's something you don't get to enjoy everyday. 52. Black Cod Fish Fillet (Black cod fish [butterfish] marinated with miso-sauce - $9.95): Definitely a miss for me. Texture is pretty good, but simply too salty. I would rather exchange one black cod for four beef tongues. 91. Ichiza's Ramen DX (Ichiza's ramen with kakuni and half egg, half size): A hit for me. This ramen reminded me of champon ramen at Hana Ichimonme in Los Angeles (http://www.yelp.com/biz/hana-ichimonme-restaurant-los-angeles). Broth is milky and flavorful. Kakuni wasn't too bad and I can taste vegetable in the bowl here and there. Not the most amazing ramen, but I was pretty impressed with it. More hits than misses - just stick with Yelp's recommendation and you will have an enjoyable experience.
5	for a moment, it was like i was just sitting in hondaya back in LA, sitting on a table, drinking hot sake, eating gyutan ( beef tongue), eating ramen ...oh man......now that's what you call..great experienceit's an izakaya that opens till late, i can imagine all the things that goes on here, get ramen dx, you'll love it, its unique, it's different, its amazing, oyako don is good too (chicken and egg bowl), oh man...i dont even want to start counting the calories..but f**k it.....what happens in vegas stays in vegas....my calories didn't get the memo though......they came back with me ;D
3	Nice place to stop by for some quick bites. Of course I had to get the honey box toast which is amazing and so was the yellowtail tartare. Menu is kinda confusing though because they have things posted on the walls and they only serve items on a skewer for dinner:/. The place smells kinda weird though and seating is very limited.
4	Honey toast.  For reals.  Just do it, it will be the one thing in your life you know for a fact you will not regret.There were a good number of vegetarian items on the menu.  The tofu steak was good, but I think I like the agedashi tofu better.  I also got the garlic baby bok choy, and have not stopped thinking of it since.  Surprisingly, it was my favorite thing.  Miso soup was okay, but not as good as others I've had.Honey toast, ya'll.
4	Yummy eats for later at night.Order the "ham-bah-gah" as they call it. I think it is a ground beef patty and I thought it was pretty tasty, especially after a late night of walking around the strip. They are open pretty late and a lot of what they have to serve are listed up on the walls and not in a menu that you can hold.I had hot green tea. It was also pretty good when it is fairly cold during the winter months in Las Vegas. Overall, really good late night eats. I will be returning!!!
2	I don't know how this place got good reviews I ordered the tuna and tofu salad, it was so bland I had to send it back, ordered a tongue skewer and it looked so dry and tasted so salty.. My girlfriend ordered a tofu soup and also said she couldn't eat it because it was super salty ... Bad decision
4	The Ramen with veggies was great! The Tom yum roll delicious! I even tried beef tongue for the first time ever and it was not bad at all! And the honey toast is AMAZING!!! I definitely will be here again.
2	Food is great as always, however the past few times their service has been horrible. We ordered 6 items at once and each dish came out about 15-20 minutes apart. Between the four of us we were starving.
5	This is my favorite spot to eat in vegas. I am in love with the authenticity of the food. The beef bowl is a must every time I come here. There is a wait every time I come here although every time is worth the wait. The owner is very nice and the servers are great too.
2	Ichiza is one of the oldest izakaya place in Vegas and it has been opened for more than 10 years. I'm always neutral about this place because I haven't had a dish that makes me drool when I think about the place. Okay let me get to my complains first. The waitress that served us yesterday was rude and idiotic. She was short and annoyed from the start when she was taking order of the drinks. And my second complain was they charged $3.50 on the damn green tea but you can't get refills which makes absolutely no sense to me. Third complain was they charged us a fee to have birthday cakes. They don't even serve cakes in there and they are not a high end restaurant. It's ridiculous to me why they would charge a fee.They have a lot of stuff written on the wall that's not on the menu. If you go to this place, make sure to read the wall too. I like tacoyaki( octopus with batter and fried), tofu and tuna salad, kimchi pork, grilled octopus and their assorted skewers. Their food is not bad but at the same time not the greatest either. I still love Raku the most. I don't think I will return here anytime soon with this kinda service unless someone else wants to go.
4	Someone below mentioned Hondaya in LA, it DOES remind me of this place. We ordered half-size ramen dx, regular shoyu ramen, kushi katsu (tonkatsu on a stick with onions inside), fried quail eggs, beef tongue yakitori, agedashi tofu,  honey toast and a pitcher of kirin.FYI, 30 mins after the place opened, it was completely packed.
3	I believed the hype and made my family come here - twice - just to make sure I liked it or not. I will say that the food is good, but I wouldn't say it was so good it was totally worth the crowds. I'm always on the lookout for places that can rival all my favorites on both coasts, but this place is probably only a 3.6 for me personally. However, if you do decide to face the crowds, please do have the coffee jello and honey toast - both are delicious (Because always dessert...)!
2	Went here with a group of 8 and we were all disappointed. Thought it would be good from the reviews. The people I was with are more adventurous in seafood and still didn't like their stuff much. I just really wanted good sushi rolls, so if you want that, do not come here. FOOD:Spider Roll (2 stars): Really dry, really plain. Tar Tar Roll (3 stars): It was like a sushi tostada. Pretty good, or just better than the spider roll.  Eel roll (3 stars): Probably the best roll out of the 3 I tried. Flavorful, not dry. Just not very healthy because of the fried stuff on top. Black cod fish (4 stars): Perfectly cooked. Best thing I had here. SERVICE (2 stars):Didn't get menus, chopsticks, or plates until we asked for them. It's also really hot inside, hotter than outside, and this is Las Vegas in the summer we're talking about! It also smelled inside. We had a big group so we got one of the back tables where you need to take your shoes off to sit down...probably why the place smelled.  Who knows what's on peoples feet..gross!Overall, not a place for rolls. I really didn't like any of them that much, just ate cause I was hungry. Stick to entrees maybe? Well maybe not since the other people in my group who all got different entrees weren't impressed at all either.
1	I went  here to meet a friend for dinner based on yelp reviews.  Yuckie!  As I opened the door to walk in I was hit by the aroma of spoiling fish.  YUCK!  I wasn't sure I could stand it.  Because there were only two of us, the waitress sat us at the sushi bar so now my neck hurts from having to constantly turn my head to talk to my friend.  The tongue was tough; a 1/5, the miso butterfish was 3/5.  Is that the best you have?  The ambiance was 1/5 with sticky counters and food stained menus.  Would not recommend to anyone.  $53.00 for two people for mediocre food and one beer for each of us.  Tons of menu items written on paper posted to the walls, but you can't read them if you are sitting at the Sushi bar.  Bad format, bad smells, bad ambiance, bad food.
1	The food is good but the owners are so rude  and the management needs work. Not worth the bad service. He laughed at me for asking to sit at a table instead of the bar when the restaurant has 5 open tables because there was only 2 of us dining!
4	Made a stop here while on vacation.  This place was packed on a Wednesday night at 7 pm.  Should have a made a reservation as this place is very small.  They have a small sushi menu so if you are one of those high end sushi snobs you'll be disappointed .  If you want to experience a traditional Japanese cooked cuisine then you've come to the right place.. Saw lots of reviews for the miso cod and the seaweed salad.. Cod was melt  in your mouth delicious ! Salad had a nice variety of seaweeds mixed with greens and cucumbers.  My kids ate the ramen with miso broth and loved it.  Just a note we didn't see other kids around , mostly young hipsters before hitting the night club scene .  Also got sticker shock on iced green tea.  Although it was very good, just wished they would have let me know they charge for refills .  Should have read the  reviews on the wall menu items... Would have been nice to know other options..  Overall we had a nice dinner and good food.
3	Ichiza features a wide array of Japanese food, but I went there for the ramen. Of course most places can't compared to the ramen straight from Japan, but it still did not completely satisfy. You know it's good when you finish the soup, but even when I was hungry, I still didn't finish it all. It lacked the right balance between too salty and too watery. This was too watered down. The service wasn't bad, and the atmosphere was great, but a restaurant is really judged on its food, so I would not recommend this place to friends.
5	I still have so many things I still need to try here. Ramen Rx spot on. Best I've ever had. Garlic bok choy, no brainer. Pork cutlet appetizer delicious. Mini curry corn dogs are a GEM. Still need the beef tongue, fried rice and cheese chicken. Shishito peppers were ok. But what stole the show: honey ice cream toast. You won't regret it.
5	Got the Gyu Nabe (hot pot.). It was amazing. I love ordering off the wall and trying new things. It is a refreshing change from American style dining( appetizer and everyone gets their meal at the same time.) highly recommend Ichiza for anyone who wants authentic Japanese food and fun atmosphere.
5	Ah, Ichiza. I gotta give it up, yo. It's most certainly always a good time when I roll through and I have no problem bringing friends to enjoy in your delectable delights. As some of my good friends know, I have this love-love relationship with  Japanese food and anytime the option presents itself to get my grub on, I am sure to follow through. Ichiza is one of those spots that I usually don't frequent too often like I do other Japanese establishments but if I have a pretty good sized group gathered willing to drink some beer or sake and have some small plates to accompany, this is usually my go to.  As far as food goes, I usually hit up the specials menu to start off the night.  Last time I stopped in, they had shigoku oysters, chu-toro, and kohada (as you can tell, I love me some SEAFOOD!.. or if you don't, google it heehee) on the special menu for the day and I delightfully ordered it up. The special menu rotates daily (?) so be sure to check it out whenever you stop in as it changes and presents some new stuff upon each visit.  From the regular menu, I am always happy to suggest the oyako don chicken bowl, ikayaki whole grilled squid, and the uni in ponzu sauce (if they still have any in stock).  I always round it out with some sunomono cucumber or wakame seaweed salad to make my meal somewhat complete and to my definite satisfaction.  Not a big dessert guy but gotta give a shoutout to the honey toast here; definitely a fan favorite.Tip: look at the menu posted on the wall as some of it is not mentioned in the menu; if you have a big group, go early to get a table in before your patrons fully arrive to grub; and be sure to check out some of the bottled stuff aside from the house sake and beer as they have some tasty items chillin' in the backEnjoy!!
5	In Vegas for a bachelorette party, and it was our last night in town. After a lot of gambling, a 5-course meal at Picasso, a show at Thunder Down Under, and the V Lounge, we were ready for our second dinner.. aka midnight schmorgusborg. Took a cab from the Venetian, and in 5 minutes we were at Ichiza, at 2:30am. How awesome that their kitchen was still open? How great was it that there was the shortest wait, and the staff was enthusiastic and kind? It was all great. 5 stars, no joke.Random sheets of 8.5x11 sheets of paper taped up on the walls with various delectable items to order, as well as dry erase boards that have specialties listed. You also get a small half-sheet printout of what the daily special is. Each diner also gets a small tofu+seaweed salad to start.Chicken Gizzards - main reason we came, was craving this all day, and we got them two ways - garlic fried and also skewered and grilled -- delicious!! just the right amount of chew, and it was delectableWhole Grilled Squid - it was fairly impressive to see an entire squid on a plate, and it was cut up to quarter inch lengths -- char-grilled and very flavorfulUni - uni uni uni oooooooo--neeeee - wow this was amazing, the uni is served in half a lemon, and we ordered 7 of these -- fresh, sweet, so worth itCrab Row Croquettes - crispy outside, and yummy not-too-gooey inside, served with a side of tangy dippy sauceBroiled Mushrooms - more than 4 types of mushrooms, cooked to perfection -- however, if you want lots of flavor because you are somewhat tipsy, then you gotta add some soy sauce, otherwise the natural mushroom flavors may seem a bit tameHoney Toast - so my friend said they forgot to toast the interior cube of bread, but it was my first time having it, so I didn't miss the toasting. Basically, a big cube of texas toast hollowed out, and served up buttered and drizzled with honey, and a side of vanilla ice creamI regret that I was so eager to try their small plates that I completely neglected to order any of their ramen dishes. I would definitely come here again, and I do recommend it for late night dining and a great place to bring friends.This place is in Chinatown, so it's not walking distance to the Strip, and there is a shortage of taxicabs in this side of town. Be prepared to order a cab to pick you up, and the restaurant staff is helpful at placing the call and giving directions on your behalf.
4	Everything was great except the long wait! I read yelp reviews prior to visiting this place and I'm glad I did. I ordered the honey bread since everyone recommended so, and it was SOO GOOOOD! you should ask honey on the side or else they'll pour it until it gets too sweet! I've always went to restaurants on the Strip while staying in Vegas not knowing about this place, but I definitely will be back here the next time I visit. The restaurant is small but the ambiance was cozy/romantic and also had the traditional Japanese style.We ordered the honey bread (MUST), tofu salad, chicken and beef bowl, takoyaki, pork cutlet, kimchi-pork fried plate, and one more dish but came out to about only $70! (for 4 people!) Except for one middle-aged lady around her early 40s(?) being a little grumpy to us, all other young waitresses were friendly and attentive. Parking is easy since this place is located in a small plaza.
5	Thank God for Yelp in helping me find this place.  When we got there, we ACTUALLY waited 40 minutes for a table.  I never wait that long, but I figure there was a reason why.  I made use of my time and observed plates while waiting.  If you really don't want to wait, they just opened a sister restaurant down the street.  I have no idea why the hostess didn't tell us this when we decided to wait.  Also, you can just put in your name, and give them your cell, go grab a drink, and they will call you when your table is ready.  An asian woman actually tried to get a table without waiting by claiming she & her 3 friends eat REALLY fast and that she was there because she didn't like Nobu-LOL, are you kidding me lady?  Well after having dinner there,  I would fly back to Vegas for some more! I just wish I could read Japanese. Writings of menu items all over the walls, you kind've wonder if you're missing out on something.  It was amazing to be seated right by the sushi bar where platings were placed to be picked up. We saw items that didn't even appear on the menu but are located on the walls around the restaurant(written in japanese).It was like dining in Nobu's kitchen before he became popular! We ordered the wasabi octopus which was out of this world - live octopus marinated in wasabi/yuzu sauce. We also ordered the wagyu beef carpaccio - the best carpaccio I've had.  It tastes similar to vietnamese filet mignon carpaccio but better.  I has a yuzu sauce to flavor it up & fried shallots & shaved onions.  It literally tasted like a medium rare burger with all the fixins.  A dish you really need to try if you're a foodie like me.  We also ordered the tofu/tuna salad which is very refreshing and delicious.  The yellowtail sashimi was served with the fatty part of the tuna along with some of the fat under the skin.  I've never had yellowtail with these parts still attached but it was heavenly like butter.  There were so many orders of stuffed French toast coming out of the kitchen & I promise the next time I will try it but for now, yeah I'm stuffed.  Can't wait to come back for more at this gem.
4	This was our first stop in Vegas! As asians, obv we love chinatown. But even if you're not asian, who doesn't? The prices are great, the food is great. The only thing that was really weird is that their full menu is not on the menu they hand you. They have parts of the menu posted on the walls/chalkboards, so we had to get up to read them. That was strange... I was like hovering over a group of people seated at their tables, enjoying their food. But anyways, I got a grilled fish - so good. Baby bok choy - simple but delicious. Yellowtail tar tar - deeeelicious. Honey toast - wow, some parts were completely saturated with honey, and other parts not so much. it was so saturated to the point that we couldn't eat it, except for C who has a crazy intense love affair with honey. It was good, but the ice cream to toast ratio was not high enough imo. I wouldn't get it again. We could have easily come back for another meal.
1	Ate here last night 6/29/2014.  Me and 4 others ate here and towards paying our bill, one of my friends noticed a B grade hanging up near the kitchen as well as a C grade near the entrance door.  If we noticed this before eating we wouldn't have eaten here.  This is my 2nd time eating at this place and never seen a grade for a restaurant with a B.  or either both a C.  If you plan on eating here, I would think twice.  This restaurant needs to update their grade.  Will not eat here again until this issue is resolved
5	Great Japanese food and environment. Always busy so make sure to make a reservation and have the honey toast for dessert!
1	Received at least 38 demerits after inspection by the Southern Nevada Health District.  see the following article for details --http://vegas.eater.com/archives/2014/07/03/japanese-favorite-ichiza-shut-down-by-snhd.php
4	I love coming to place. If you wanna come to someplace where you wanna be seen, you have come to the right place. They have menus on the wall as well as the menus that they hand out to you when you are being seated. The ambiance is great with the busy-ness of the waitresses seating people and taking orders, to the cooks  clanging kitchen utensils as they are preparing your next meal, the loud chattering of the people. Sounds like music to my ears. This is one the first places that my husband had taken me out when we were dating. (awwee! :-) ). Since, I am a big fan of sashimi I always start out with the tofu salad with tuna sashimi. This is a great dish!  and a large order of their sashimi platter. My husband orders half a bowl of ramen with vegetables. We normally finish off our meal with sapporro and for desert honey toast.
4	Good ramen. Expect a little wait.
4	No doubt this place has exceptional service and awesome interior decor. It's super authentic and just has pictures of delicious looking food all over! There's one wall that has pictures of the owners and employees. You can definitely tell they love what they do and enjoy doing it. The style is awesome and food is tasty. You can taste the flavors  distinctly when eating their dinners! I like their ramen. As for dessert, people have told me they have the best honey toast in town. I was super excited to try it after knowing what honey toast finally was. And to my dismay, it wasn't. It was just okay. I wouldn't get it again since I know somewhere else that has the best honey toast in town. It's not bad for the price, but I don't think it's that great. Other than that, it gets pretty busy and wait times can be long, but the food definitely worth it. Love coming here with a big group of friends and sitting in the back corner couches!
3	Really unique dining experience in Chinatown Las Vegas!  Really small... and can be a little slow. And you may be seated at a community table unless you want to wait longer for a private table... but... i think it's all worth it to be adventurous and try some really good new foods. Everything I've have tried here was really really good. And you MUST get the honey toast for dessert!
2	Ichiza was shut down by the SNHD on June 30. http://vegas.eater.com/archives/2014/07/03/japanese-favorite-ichiza-shut-down-by-snhd.phpUgh. If you like to play Russian Roulette with your health, keep reading. But personally, I'd never come here again, because they don't practice basic hygiene yet they serve raw fish and raw beef. Yuck. The food was decent, 4 stars. It reminds me of a smaller, dirtier Honda-ya in Tustin.  They've got typical Izakaya-style items on their menu, such as sashimi, yakitori and ramen. I really enjoyed the kimchi buta and the famous honey toast. I also got the beef tataki, which was decent, but now I feel queasy that I ate it. . The decor isn't much. It feels like an authentic Japanese Izakaya; small, cramped, with a decent sake list and faded pieces of paper taped to the wall. Service was ok, it wasn't packed on a Thurs. night when we went. Decent place, but with the health concerns and so many other good places to eat nearby, I doubt I'll ever go back here again.
1	We loved this place... but the last time we dined here a few of the dishes had a taste sour.. so we turned them back. A few days later they are closed by the Southern Nevada Health District. Turns out they have been closed 8 times since 2008 for repeated violation and failed inspections. I strongly recommend you pass. Sad its a great place but serving sushi with massive disregard for safe food handling is a no go!!! Can google http://vegas.eater.com/archives/2014/07/03/japanese-favorite-ichiza-shut-down-by-snhd.php
5	I'm sure Ichiza is one of the most popular Japanese restaurants in LV! Many many customers LOVE this place! They have the most original and traditional Japanese food! They serve hundreds of dishes and everyone is very good! They always busy so u'd better make the reservation or you might need to wait!:)
2	BEWARE!Ichiza was shut down by the South Nevada Health Department on June 30, 2014, for the fourth time in four years.  That is unacceptable.  They were tagged with 38 demerits from 10 different violations ranging from handwashing issues to proper temperature for stored foods.  Beware, especially since they are serving uncooked food.  As far as the food and service goes, the okra-natto was interesting, albeit slimy (but it's supposed to be), the sushi was good and the service was good.  But if I had read about their sanitary issues, I wouldn't have gone.  You can Google it, if you want to read for yourself.
3	Late night bites in the form of Japanese tapas! Ichiza reminds me of a place I frequented in the Bay area, complete with hand-written specials papering the walls. Skimmed a few reviews before ordering, will com back to try more.BEST: Baby bok choy in garlic soup. The soup makes this dish, broth tastes like black garlic ramen and the fact that it's a veggie dish in a sea of fried options is also a plus. Not to mention it's a mere $4. Favorite dish of the night.Salmon sashimi comes 5 pieces to an order, good cut, thick and fatty. May come again to try other sushi options.OKAY:  Grilled ika. Had a tiny bit of a sauce, seemed a little overcooked and tough, but this is a dish I normally love. There's a place in Henderson that does it better.Shabu Shabu Salad. Flavors are springtime fresh with fresh produce, chicken, eggplant?, and a light dressing. Good fresh option on the menu.SKIPPABLE:Takoyaki. Overly breaded. Woudn't get again. Seemed undercooked.Service was polite, quick, and attentive. Sit at the bar to watch what goes on in the open kitchen, or sit at one of the old-school tables toward the back.
2	Food was alright but the service wasn't all that great. Waitresses looked a little confused of what was going on. My group waited a really long time for our last two orders to the point where we had to cancel one of them. The extra charge for refills on drinks was kind of unnecessary. My advice would be just to read what's on the walls first and then order because the menu isn't updated. The experience overall didn't really meet my group's expectations. And I didn't find out about their "shutdowns" until after I left, I'd google that btw.
4	This place is definitely a gem. It's a small restaurant hidden in an Asian plaza. There's not too much seating but it's worth the wait. The pricing is decent, I know how sushi can get pretty pricey. Their seaweed salad was light and fresh. I enjoyed their Gyoza and spider roll. I also tried their grapefruit soju?  - they give you fresh grapefruit to squeeze into your soju. Yummy! If I lived in LV I would definitely be a regular! I'll just be sure to visit again the next time I'm in town.
3	Ichiza is one of those places you go to after you've spent the entire day eating at fancy restaurants on the strip and have gambled away some more dough and now need some comfort food that won't break the bank. It is an izakaya located on the second floor of a strip mall near Chinatown in LV and it can get crowded late at night. I've been twice now and had their udon, ramen, albacore sashimi, karaage, honey toast, and most recently discovered that their banana crepe dessert is really good. The honey toast was better the first time I came and I think one try is enough. Other than that the udon was fine, the ramen was good, and the sashimi was okay as well.When I visited they had a large menu advertising their cold noodle specials that ran throughout August to combat the desert heat. One thing about this place is that late at night when they're swamped, the service takes awhile. Just something to keep in mind.
5	I haven't tried everything but so far everything is delicious.I recommend ordering fried baby octopus, skewered beef tongue, wagyu beef carpaccio, tartar yellow tail, Dx ramen...this is all I can remember.  It's all yummy in my tummy.  Gets really crowded, this place is small so be ready to wait in line or come right at 5pm on a weekday when they open.
5	Try something different every time, but always get a order of Eel Kakiage Tempura Rolls. They are smack-yo-mama good. The parking situation is terrible on weekends, but I can't fault them for that considering they're on the second floor of a busy building. Plan on parking across the street by the Marine bar--DON'T park next door at the Chinatown Plaza or you'll get hassled by a rent-a-cop.
5	If there were a 6-star rating, I'd give them 6! Wow! Everything we had was simply amazing. Beef, yellowtail, even tofu. This place has definitely made it into the "must hit" list each and every time we go to Vegas (3-4 times per year). Cannot wait!!!
1	This place came highly recommended by many.  It is more traditional Japanese food however the food was not good to me at all.  Service was lagging. My taste buds just didn't mesh with the place.  Cod still had the bones in it, Honey toast wasn't as good as I expected.  Go downstairs to Kaya.
5	Great place, Tapas and good dessert, try the pork Udon stir fry dish but deff try the Honey Toast with ice cream! Its sooo good
5	This delectable restaurant is a must every time I'm in town.  I have it bookmarked & I tell my friends about it.  If you don't know what to order, the daily specials is a great start.  Also, look at the posted items above the sushi bar for "new items."  I often try those.  Price wise, this place is great!  Delicious sushi at fantastic prices.
1	Warning! Japanese Fave Ichiza Shut Down Yet Again by SNHD - this is the ninth time!!!   Chef's favorite Ichiza did it again. The Japanese izakaya at 4355 Spring Mountain Road was shut down Sept. 2 for the ninth time since 2008 by the Southern Nevada Health District with 50 demerits.  http://vegas.eater.com/archives/2014/09/05/japanese-fave-ichiza-shut-down-yet-again-by-snhd.php
4	This is an absolutely authentic Japanese restaurant. No pho, no fusion, no frills. I ordered many items and none I'd had before, like rice in green tea with salmon or a cold bochoy and sesame salad. My friend and I also had the 5 Kinds sashimi and a variety of other dishes...and lots of sake I must confess. The only problem was I was too busy eating and enjoying myself to remember to take pictures.
5	Nom Nom this place was good.  We came here twice after long days of work, and it was a great place to refuel.  We really enjoyed what we ordered.The exceptional dishes were the Tofu and Sashimi Salad and the Wagu Beef and Garlic Fried Rice.  The salad sounded like an usual combination to me, but my friend promised that it was good - and it turned out to be very delicious both times we ordered it.  The lettuce with the sashimi and tofu mixed with their dressing was perfect.  The other hit was the fried rice. It was nice and moist but not mushy.  The garlic chips were a perfect addition, and who doesn't like Wagu beef?We also had their sashimi (salmon and yellowtail) and an Spicy Eggplant and Shrimp dish.  All good. The only complaint is that it's difficult to see what to order if you've never been here before.  My friends knew what to get, but they have so many things written on random pieces of paper on the wall, and their menu didn't seem to have all the good things on it.  So a newbie with no friends with the inside scoop may rate this place lower because it's just so darn hard to spot the good stuff!This is, yet another, must-stop place for me on future visits!
4	Been in this plaza and ate at two other restaurants there, I'm surprised it took me this long to find Ichiza! The food here is sooo delicious. It was a little annoying to find consistent information about when they are open, their website (on the home page and the contact page) and yelp have different times listed. Their door says 5pm-2:30am with the last call at 2:30am. I guess this means they don't have happy hour anymore?I went with one other person, we sat at the bar. It's an open kitchen, so we can see what the chefs are doing the whole time. We ordered and shared:beef tongue skewerschicken yakitori skewerscrab meat fried riceyellowtail tartartuna tartarsalmon sashimibeef tatakiEverything came out perfect. The tartar was so yummy, we had to order both the tuna and the yellowtail. The salmon sashimi was the best I've had thus far, it was so buttery and fresh. Our bill came out around ~$70 because we ordered two large beers, but it was definitely worth it for the quality. I'm probably going to come back here every time I'm in Vegas now.It's located in a small plaza with limited parking during dinner time.
5	So many delicious specialties: skewered chicken gizzards, savory egg custard, grilled whole squid, Kirin on tap, and I'm just barely scratching the surface here. Do yourself a favor and take a break from the overdone strip and hang out here one evening.
2	Good food ridiculously bad service. To the point it became funny to us. They couldn't get our orders straight for an entire hour and had waitresses circling several times always needing us to correct them. Food was good. One plate was dry because it sat out for 20 minutes. A roll was sent to another table. When they said they didn't order it. Waitress brought it to my table. One persons food came 40 min after everyone else's. had to ask for water several times. Forgot our coffee which is astronomical 4.50 for a plain coffee! When the bill came they didn't even tally up the items which were nonsensicalWe don't tip for "oh we're sorry, so sorry"This place really went downhill since last year. Management needs revamping bad!
3	Somehow we ended up with 50 per person.. we didn't even order the alcohol.Their sake infused cocktail looks interesting and I forgot my ID in my car and didn't bother to go and get it after R2R. What a bummer.The food is good, but not good enough to make me to want more. Hmm doesn't worth to come again I believe.The grilled squid is a bit too dry. The rest of the kabob are ok.
4	Great food! Great environment! Good service. This is a great place to try something new! Each time you go if something looks appetizing ask what it is so you know what to order next time. :) Cons, smells kinda funny. Overwhelming amount of options and it has been shut down a few times due health code violations. I have yet to get sick tho.
4	Yellowtail Tar Tar! Need I say more?! I could eat this all day. ALL DAY!! I came here quite awhile ago so I can't really remember all that I ate but I DO remember THAT much. Just come here for that!! Nom nom! Oooh and the sashimi was VERY good too! Fresh and delicious tasting! I think they keep getting shut down by the SNHD though so......
1	Food is suck, I'm whiting my food like 50min then......
5	So good! I can not wait to go back with another group (which you need so you can try as many dishes as possible). My sister is a ramen snob and loved their ramen. The black cod was exceptional as was their yellowtail tostadas. Service was incredibly fast and friendly. I highly recommend this restaurant especially if you want to entertain out of town guest!
1	It used to be my favorite place. But the service is getting really bad. It feels like they just want to get your order, get your food then clean up the dish get your bill and then get out of here. Dont think we will come back again.
2	Sitting here right now, used to love this place......what happened to the service ? This place nose dived :/ pisses me off, I loved this place
5	the food here is on point! (can't go wrong in general if the food is on a skewer and/or fried). great place for izakaya & yakitori, make sure to inquire about the daily specials.
4	Came here late, like around 1am with a party of 3. They were packed. The place is located  in the heart of Chinatown on the upstairs. The location is small. Definitely not suitable for BIG groups. They can probably accommodate and make it work, but it's snug there. Very very very authentic menu. I recommend ordering from the "menu" on the wall. They even have a menu in all Japanese, so this place is traditional as it comes. You can pretty much can order anything and they will make it how you request and order it. Just don't know how much they will charge.  The raw shaken beef appetizer is a must try. Very very  delicious and it doesn't taste raw... It just melts in your mouth. We also salmon nigiri. Super fresh tasting. We also had udon and seaweed salad. Definitely a different way the seaweed is presented and prepared. Everything taste wonderful here and definitely very traditional. It's a bit on the expensive side but it's Japanese so it's expected. But definitely worth it.
4	Have been going there for about 3 years. I usually go there to get some cold beers. I lalways get draft Kirin Ichiban. They offer great variety of foods and desserts. Employees are very attentive and kind.
4	A solid place for all types of kushikatsu/kushiage izakaya type dishes. Complete with a menu of deep fried squid legs to cold soba, it's a no brainer for a casual dinner with friends.Some things were under seasoned like the calamari and fried baby octopus but overall everything was pretty good. The salmon carpaccio is delicious and bright, fresh tasting. The buttered mushrooms were CRAZY salty so I couldn't actually finish that. Cold soba with mountain yam was really yummy. I think some of the best items on the menu are actually the items scribbled in Japanese on the walls.
2	Mehhhh. Don't know what the hype is about this place. We ordered a bunch of different dishes included the yellowtail tar tar, tofu salad, miso cod. The yellowtail was mixed with a salsa and put on top of chips with too much rice. It tasted fishy. The only good dish for me was the cod. The menu items placed on the walls makes ordering very hard and confusing. I want to give it one more try since the other reviews are good but I just didn't have the same experience.
1	DIRTY and RUDE.They were closed by the Regulator due to health violation not long ago. They reopened, so I bought a gift certificate through my company's perk to give it a try. Thank god I presented my gift cert before I order my food, the manager said it expired and won't honor it, and rudely walked away. I pointed out that the big fine print states "do not expire". Then he changed his word saying that MY company made a mistake, I should contact my company or the vendor to get my refund, his restaurant made no mistake. No apologizes. I felt like he frauded me. (When I talk, I tend to give hand gestures. While writing this review, I just realized that he "tabbed" my hands a couple times to shut me up while I was talking. very rude.)
5	Hands down, my favorite Japanese restaurant in Vegas. Very authentic food as well as some modern twists. Beef Tataki, tongue, wasabi octopus, oh and the bacon wrapped mochi. Small location so generally there are wait times, but so worth it. Late night hours is also a huge plus. Every chance I get I try to come here when I'm in town. Go here! Trust the fat kid
3	Ramen DX was salty; skewers were ok but nothing blew me away. We ordered grilled whole squid which was totally forgotten so we ended up canceling it...
4	Very good food and services! Will defintely come back again if I am in the area!
4	My last night in vegas. Ethan and I went to this place for eating after a shopping day and O theater show in Bellagio, super late around 1am. It is in second floor. It's hard to see from the outside. It is a small place but got quite a lot selection of food.We order the broiled whole squid which is ok, not good as I expected. The yellowtail sashimi is really good, fresh and tasty. Ethan had the ramen deluxe and beef bowl which are ok. The beef tongue yakitori tastes good and tender. Well, I mean for the food,I don't think it's surprising, I had sth much better in NYC, but for the price, I will go here next time. It's cheap and worth try. Seriously, they get tons of food u can choose. I will try sth else next time and maybe I will find excited food there. I believe their food are good.
3	The wife and I dropped by for dinner.  It was crowded as all seats were taken.  We were able to score 2 seats at the community table.  Service was pretty good.  We were able to order all of our food in a few minutes.  The food was tasty.  Portions are the correct size as well.
5	So far I have been there 4 time, I like everything I had and the service is always great. I think when you have the real Japanese server, they are different than any other Asian country, they are always so sweet and attentive. I love they have so many special posted everywhere on the wall, but it does take a while to try to see what they actually really have, maybe my eye sight isn't as good, and also I don't read Japanese. Still worthy to try to look up the special. Last night I try the grill whole squid, delicious. Steam egg custard in tea cup was always my favorite Japanese treat, they did steam well, but it was a bit watery. Salmon sashimi was steal, $7 dollar for 5 fresh pieces. Grilled skewer is recommend as well. Overall I would suggested to give a try, they open late night so if you want to avoid the wait and hungry in the middle of the night, great choice!
2	Food looked bomb but it wasn't even that good.. The Red Snapper Carpaccio wasn't fresh, I was really disappointed. I'd say Raku is way better.
4	Felt like staying in for one of my nights in Vegas. Picked up some food to go from Ichiza so that I can enjoy some nom noms while lounging in front of the TV or from the balcony at the hotel room. I picked up some: * tsuku - chicken meat balls* sabamiso - mackarel with miso marinated* kan - beef tongue* kakiagi - eel roll* ramen dx* shrimp tempura bowlLoved it all! They packaged it well to stay fresh and enjoyed the same as if ordered for dine in. Dine in also includes more food options -- just check out the specials they have posted on the walls. Worth a trip off the strip.
4	Great for facilitating a group of hungry asians. I wish I could tell you what I ate but there was so much stuff and I didnt get to take a picture of it all. I remember agadashi tofu because no one else at the table ate it except me (I had 3 servings, it was good!) and the eel roll with tempura'd vegetables on top with eel sauce. It's one of the specials on the wall. Really good!Their honey toast dessert is a lot bigger than you think and see from the pictures. Make sure you share!
4	This place is good for trying a bit of everything of Japanese cuisine, especially since the pricing is good. I'd come here if you want to try experimenting with other types of Japanese food. Every Japanese restaurant has ramen or some sort of rice bowl. You come here to try the other side of Japanese food because most likely they'll have it somewhere on their menu. If you don't see it you can always ask them and see if they can make it- which is why I love this place.When you come at night, the ambiance is very authentic to a japanese izakaya (which is like a tapas place). It's busy, it's loud, an all Japanese speaking staff, and then there's the overwhelming amount of menus all over the walls. It reminded me very much of Japan! (For the record, I used to live in Japan.) It's a fun place to bring your friends, drink a few beers, and order a little bit of everything.Lunch time is my favorite time to come eat here. Service and the food is always good. They even have lunch specials in which you get a choice between 2 chef choice meals or you can order a bento box type meal.Service during busy weekend nights can be iffy. Sometimes can be inattentive but not always the case. Reason why I gave 4 star and not 5. If I could, I'd rate a solid 4.5Recommendations: Daily specials are usually promising, Ramen Dx, yakisoba, honey toast, and if you're daring takowasa (raw octopus in wasabi)Tips:-Make a reservation 2 hours beforehand- parking on the weekends is horrible, come early to your reservation -sign up with them for their membership you get 5% every $20 purchase and when the stamp card is filled you get 10% every visit.
3	I'm a sushi lover so I came here to check out their selection. Their menu has a variety of items which is nice.I ordered their Tom yum roll and uni in a lemon. It was very fresh and different. The Tom yum roll came in a spring roll wrap and was flavorful and the uni was good. Their prices were a little high for being off the strip, but still good quality food.
4	It's decent. Honey toast is Bomb af the hot green tea is bomb af. All the sushi... Ehhhh not so much. Let's just say the sushi smells. Very. Very.  Fishy. LolUsually. Sushi isn't suppose to smell bad. But I guess if u can handle it, go for it.
5	Great food, small plates, well prepared and did I mention delicious? Definitely a great spot, off the strip jewel that you must visit.
4	I like this place! Its not the best Japanese joint in town but its top 10.....maybe 5. Specific Food items are authentic per my friends from Japan. Restaurant is open late and service is usually good. Pricing is not bad at all. Their Japanese apple curry, hamachi kana, and their chicken karaage are fantastic. Location to strip is nice and plenty of parking in back of strip mall if usual crowded front has no parking. The layout of the place is very authentic. Go check this place out!
5	This is my go-to restaurant whenever I'm in Vegas. The miso cod and the honey toast are a must. The rest is really personal preference. My girlfriend always goes with the hamachi which is decent. Sometimes you have to share the big table if it's crowded but it's a good price point for the quality of food.
4	Came here for a late night dinner because we went to the JT concert. SERVICE - Greeted by a nice hostess. Sat down. The waitress asked for drink orders and a few minutes later, she asked for our food orders. Two of us wanted rice bowls and the other two wanted ramen. "We have no ramen". We came here due to a friend's suggestion in regards to their ramen. Utter disbelief on all our faces and she simply said "so beef bowl. That's all?" First of all, there are three others wanting to order so obviously no, that's not all. Second, she could of suggested something else other than ramen! Anyways, as we looked through the menu, another waitress came by. She asked us if we were ready to order. We mentioned the ramen and she said "oh! We have another broth that is similar, just lighter". Thank you!! The first lady could have made that suggestion but no, she was just super rude. FOOD- Beef bowl: large bowl of rice with lots of meat and toppings. My boyfriend said it reminded him of bulgogi beef but nonetheless, it was delicious. They don't skimp you on meat. Ramen w/ Pork: the lighter broth tasted great! The pork had tons of flavor as well. Perfect dish for the cold. Pricing is pretty good. The service overall wasn't bad except for that one rude waitress.
5	My go to place in Vegas! Every single time we come to Vegas we MUST eat here :) this Izakaya joint has been my favourite for a long time. They always have new menu items which are usually delicious. The fish is super fresh, my favs are the toro (not always available) and the hamachi. I am from Vancouver, the land of good sushi, and this place can definitely compare.
5	My favorite place is Las Vegas, been coming here for 10 years and the food has not changed. Always order off the wall menu, chef making new dishes once in a while. Yellow tar tar and honey toast is a must. Highly recommend!!
