4	Newer location. Which means everything is clean!! Go fast... I take that back.. Run! Run now! Haha! Great prices. Great service. Next to CVS, nothing else next to them yet.
1	WARNING!! Worst decision coming here! First of all the lady doing my pedicure was lazy and did a lazy job. Second, while she was doing my pedicure she cut my toe open with some tool and I was bleeding everywhere! She didn't apologize at all and finished the rest of my nails. She tried painting over all the blood on my foot and it went in the nail polish and she put it back on the rack! I complained to the owner there and she came over and said it was MY fault.. seriously? They made me pay for the whole thing too and didn't get an apology. DO NOT COME HERE! Rude service- the worst I ever had actually.
5	This is my favorite nail place in town. Not only good service, the store is clean and the employees are very friendly. I have been coming here for months to get my toes and nails done. I recommended this place to my friends and they really like it. The technicians there know what they doing, and they do a great job on the drawing or designs, you will be amaze by some of complicated but beautiful designs they have. I haven't witness any cutting till bleed and cover it up like the previous review. Because I know Lana (the manager), she cares about the clients, so she would does something to make the client happy and fair for her employer at the same time. And I haven't mention the price there, super cheap for the quality of work. I noticed that it's cheaper if you do the combo works
1	My mom and I went here today, they were so confused on what she was asking. My mom had a broken nail and needed a repair and a fill. I guess here in the west "fill" doesn't mean anything? I hurt my left right big toe, I tore a chunk of my nail off and the girl talked badly about me to the girl who was doing my mom's pedicure at the same time.  I did not get tips on my nails, they are already short and wanted acrylic over my own, the guy did a great job. There is no prices posted, I thought this is a law for Az?  Their shop is neat and tidy, but their bathroom for the public use, is awful, hard water standing 1/2 inch thick on the bathroom sink, the air vent filled with dust, the toilet...oh my gosh. I have never seen a lack of cleaning in my life. There prices are way too high for the basic pedicure, $25? Other shops do $17. Don't go here, I wouldn't recommend this place to a fly.
5	Love this place. I have been going here for almost 8 years. Everyone is friendly and the place is clean. They do a great job! My pedicures have lasted for weeks! They are very talented when it comes to pedicure designs.
5	Love kim, Helen, Rosie, and Lana!!!! Best service and a great group of ladies! They are family to me!!!!!
5	Best pedi and nails I have had done in surprise ! Great customer service! I got a great leg rub ! So sweet these owners!
1	THIS IS THE WORST PLACE EVER!! My daughter had gotten a fill from a new tech. He didn't speak any English which meant he didn't understand what she had told him what she wanted(which was pretty basic). He screwed her nails up so badly and when she complained their answer: we will re do. That meant 2 more hours in the chair and who knows what they would have done. So, as a good mom I went in try to reason with them to issue a refund if not refund, a gift certificate. We can not do that, they said(oh yes they can). Jeez, I wonder how much of the cash they receive is claimed and taxed???
1	Got my nails done today. The experience was ok everyone was extremely friendly but the job was terrible. They left stuff all over my hands. Every nail was uneven or had bumps. I have been a couple times before thinking oh next time it will be better but it just seems to get worst. I will not be going back anymore
