5	This store just opened up near my work and I am super excited about it! Cheap, delicious and fast, this Jimmy John's is my new favorite lunch stop! I'm really happy that there is a sandwich place other than the overpriced deli across the way. I will be visiting this store many more times in the future!
1	This place is officially dead to me...DEAD TO ME, I TELLS YA!!!  I've given them a few chances now, but after today...DONE!I went in, and there of course was a long line (hello...lunchtime!).  I get that.  I go to the counter, order, try to pay and, according to them, my credit card is declined...I try two more...DECLINED!...okay, weird, but it's getting a bit mortifying at this point and the line is getting longer.  So, I pay with cash. Move on...I get my order (a Slim sammy which does not include anything except meat and/or cheese - that's it!), bring it back to work...there's lettuce, tomato and onion on it...um...exsqueeze me?...oh and by the by, each and everyone of my cards has available funds on it, so what the french...I guess if I want a sammy from now on, Duck and Decanter, here I come!
2	I have never gone to a Jimmy John's as we dont have them where I live. Upon walking in i was greeted, I advised the cashier Ive never been here before needed to look at the menu. So I ordered a #9. He asked we quickly if i wanted to add a pickle... Umm no thank you. Paid for my meal before i could put my money away ge asked to help the next person.... Ummm im still standing here have not even moved yet. I asked if a drink came with...the answer was no. Umm ok so now i have to wait in line again to order a drink. Really if he would have asked me if i wanted a drink i would have known or at least not rushed me out of the way to get to the next person i could have gotten one. So no instruction what to do next i go to get my drink, a man hands me a sandwiches and says #9 right. Ahh yeah thanks... I cant find the lids or straws.... Look up ohhh wow there they are above the soda fountain... Im only 5'5" but really? So i get ready to eat my sandwich and its pretty big, i had to ripe it in half  to eat it, would have been nice if it had been cut in half.... The sandwich it self was good, but the over all irritation of the experience will most likely keep me from returning.
4	This location is clean, the food is good and the people are OK. The location is great; there are other food offerings around. There is also a Starbucks three doors down.Be advised that this location is located in a strip mall - not easily seen from the main road.
