3	I need to start by saying that the beds are just fine and if you know what you're doing (or are an experienced bed tanner), I'm sure this place is just fine (thus the 3 stars instead of 2). However... Judging from the reviews on Google and my experience, it seems that some of the staff is not as well informed as others. This was my first time in a bed and it wasn't until I got home and started reading up on bed tanning tips that I realized how poor my guidance was from the girl working at that time. I wasn't shown anything about the bed, even though I told her a few times this was my first time tanning and I was clueless (which is partly true, it's just been a REALLY long time). Plus, I'm fair skinned and she put me in for 13 minutes starting out (I read later I should have started at 6 minutes to 10 minutes MAX). So, I got a bit of a burn. :(However, this staff IS NICE (just uninformative). She was patient with me and did answer any questions I had, but I guess I just didn't ask enough questions. Maybe I should have researched beforehand, but I was under the impression that the staff was supposed to be helpful - especially if the person is new.It is convenient for me, so I will likely return now with my own knowledge gathered via google search. If it seems to improve, I will update my review accordingly.
4	I went tanning here for a few months and I was happy. The beds are fine and clean and the staff is always very pleasant. I would like it if they had longer hours but I am sure they have justified their current schedule. I normally go to the Tan Factory on Northsight but this place is right across from my house so I wanted to give it a shot. I went in one day because I had gotten an email from the Tan Factory about a summer sale. I showed the girl at the counter and she said they adjust their prices to competitor sales. She gave me the deal and I was very pleased.
5	I love Future Sun tanning!! The facility is very clean, beds are nice and the staff is awesome!! Extremely helpful and friendly!!
5	I am a avid tanner! I love this place! I go about 3-5 times a week depending on how busy I am! I have the level 3 unlimited package! I don't like how tanning places charge a start-up fee but it seems like that at all of the in the area (obviously the demographic in N Scottsdale won't argue a $$ initial fee, but my small-town Idahoan  boyfriend threw a fit over it.. But oh well!) love the level 3 bed choices, stand up and lay downs, also they have more than one so chances of waiting is a lot less likely than other tanning places! The staff is so great here, they don't make you feel awkward or uncomfortable which I seems to be the the job description is a tanning consultant at other places! They have good selections in lotions and other fun purchase items! I can't wait to try out the air brush tanning!
1	This review is based only on their mystic spray tan. I went in for the first time and will be my last. I bought a package of their spray tans from Groupon and I won't use the remaining sessions I have paid for. I have used dozens of spray tan machines and this was by far the absolute worst. I had no idea it could be this bad. The machine doesn't talk to you like every other one I've used, so you just have to somehow know on your own what to do, and what to expect. The employee that set me up for the session gave me no information, even knowing it was my first time at this salon, but I didn't ask any questions because I've used so many other machines at other salons in the past, I figured I knew what to expect.I didn't expect for the machine to spray like a fire hose - and when it was complete, I stepped out of it drenched and dripping in the solution. It was horrifying! I'm glad it didn't have a chance to dry, but most machines do dry afterward and this one did not. I used the towel to try to scrub it all off immediately, and went directly home from there and scrubbed it off in the shower. When I asked the girl about the machine on the way out (I asked her if it was supposed to do that or if maybe it's broken) and she laughed. Um, ok. I didn't tell her a joke? lol Doesn't matter, I won't be back. Ever.
1	They put up a bogus Groupon that brought them in a lot of business.  The Groupon ad was a sham, and I was refunded my money as a result.  They claimed to give $244 in store value for $45, but when you get there it's really only about $50 in value.  They have no defense to it either, and all but admit it's just bringing in business for their lower level beds.
4	I got a groupon to try this place before I went to hawaii. I am super fair skinned and knew to go easy.  I found the staff helpful and sweet.  I love that there are a ton of different levels of beds and they are all clean and well cared for.  I went often for a month and will go back for sure.
