3	Only 3 stars because I had some wonderful veneers done here, the service is great- but they are expensive, not close to anything but tourist resorts and old people, and hard to get into....which is annoying.
5	Update: Dental Studio 101 has moved into new diggs, and with a bigger staff my issues from before have been resolved! The service is always top notch!
5	Jack fell down and broke his crown and Jill...blah, blah, blah. Well Jack didn't fall down, Diego did. Only Diego didn't fall down, Diego got clocked by some dick at the bar. What kind of nursery rhyme would THAT make?Diego and Dave went to the pub to see what Dave could fetch.But Diego got punched by some dick with a hunch Diego was fetching his wretch. Not true at all Mr. Mouth Puncher / crown dislodger if you happen to be reading this.I wasn't trying to snake your fugly bitch at all.  We were only talking. Besides, I'm married and was only trying to help my buddy Dave meet a girl. Anyways, I had to get  a crown replacement and this is where I went. Dental Studio 101 where you can have a crown made and installed THE SAME DAY.Pretty cool, huh?No more taking molds, sending them to a lab and waiting for two weeks, or paying for two appointments. At DS 101, they have a state-of-the-art machine that makes your crown in about an hour as you wait in the lobby watching CNN. I swear that tv only has one channel. Only I'm not sure which was worse.Getting socked in the mouth or huffing that god-awful stench when Dr. Peck pulled my old crown off. Woweee Zoweee does that shit ever stink!Reminded me of when I was in high school and Delores M wanted me to screw her after she'd just finished a cross-country run.  Note: Never have sex with a girl on the high school cross-country team immediately after she's finshed a five-mile run. It's really displeasing.
5	I lost my front tooth. I called them late in the day. A staff of four waited for me to arrive and assess the situation, namely my face. They had never seen me before. Not only did they replace my tooth, quickly, but it is one hundred percent better than before. They are my hero's .
5	My smile says it all. After a fall on my face, having lost my front teeth and the bone below my nose, I was not looking good. The Dental Studio team have given me back my smile. Better than before, it mattered to them that I walked out the door looking my best. They did a beautiful job!
5	This clinic has been a literal godsend for my son. Dr Peck is an amazing soul and a highly skilled Dr. The staff are angels, even though it's a dental clinic, you feel like you're in a day spa. Please don't miss a chance to meet with this amazing staff. God bless you all!! Anna and Tim Woodard
