5	Love it. A coworker referred me here. I got my haircut done by Stacey and I am super super picky and LOVE it. Emilio did great hand, neck, and shoulder massages. Price is very reasonable for an aveda salon. It came to $50 before tip. Ambience was great too and it smells heavenly.
5	I took my teenage soon in to get a haircut during a event they sponsored, for clean water changes lives. Stacey did an amazing job and all of the proceeds were donated to this charity. It is nice to see a business donate their time and do good. We will definitely be returning to 20 Volume Salon & Spa very soon. I will highly recommend them to family and friends.
5	I came in for a haircut a couple of weeks ago and got Blair as my stylist.  I think my haircut was a bit more involved than the normal haircut because I was cutting enough off to donate (minimum length of 10".) Because I have so much hair, she divided it in half and then braided it, which was a great idea to keep it all together for sending in. Then she gave me a nice head and neck massage before shampooing.  Finally, the haircut began.  I don't usually go short with my hair because it's so heavy and it can tend to kind of look like a bell (flat on top and fuller on the bottom) when it's shoulder length or shorter.  So I was happy that she really understood what I meant by that and was very thorough and careful with the cut, making sure to even out the heaviness and length.  The whole process took about an hour and a half.  In the end, I was very happy with the cut and was also pleasantly surprised by the reasonable price.  Will definitely be coming back in!
5	I was in Arizonia visiting family went in to 20 Volume to get a cut and color.  Was totally pleased.  Cut is amazing, color was best i've had.  Love the people, the atmosphere is very comfortable and inviting.  Would highly recommend and will return!!
1	My appt. was at noon.  I was Patricia's first client of the day so I was expecting her to be at the salon when I arrived promptly at 12.  Patricia arrived at 12:30 and made no mention of keeping me waiting or apologizing for being so late.  While I was waiting I even asked the receptionist if Patricia knew the appt. was at noon and she assured me she did and that Patricia would be in soon.  I get my hair done every 6-8 weeks and have no problem waiting if the clinet ahead of me is not finished, but to know she was just late for work and never made mention of it is unacceptable.  I understand that things happen, but a simple "I'm sorry" would have gone a long way.  I would never keep someone waitng for so long--apparently her time was more valuable than mine.  Obviously I will not be going back to this salon.  I just moved to AZ--onto fiding a new salon.
5	Oh. My. Word. Please make this your new hair spot! Not only do they use all Aveda products (including hair color!) but they also give you the full Aveda treatment. Who doesn't love the oil massage on your neck and hand massage? Yes, please! Blair is my favorite stylist. She is Aveda trained and oh so sweet. She was right on time and took great care of me. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER! I can't wait to go back, I'm almost giddy. The prices for a haircut and blow dry are very affordable ($40!) - and worth every penny. It's a beautiful salon setting, very relaxing too. Thank you, Blair and 20 Volume Salon! I'm in love. I'll be sharing my experience with all my lovely lady friends in need of some tress love.
5	When I leave this place I feel like I just had a full day at a spa. First off they use Aveda products so there is no stinky chemical smell only that of yummy botanicals. Then before they start on your hair they give you an oil neck massage. Once their rollin' on your hair you'll get a scalp and hand massage. Who doesnt love that? And Emilio is great! Oh and did I mention that they rates arr reasonable? Check it out you'll be glad you did.
5	I was in town visiting my daughter and in need of my monthly cut and color.  I read the reviews on Yelp about this salon and it was close to where my daughter lives, so I called and made an appointment with Blair.  And, I am so happy!  First of all, when I called, the person was very accommodating at arranging a good time for me to get in.  Secondly, when I arrived, the front desk people were so friendly and welcoming.  Blair was on time and took such good care of me.  She was very careful to listen to what I wanted and did everything perfectly!  Great cut and color!!!  I highly recommend this salon, and especially Blair.  She is not only competent but ever so sweet!  I would definitely go back when I'm in town again.
5	Emilio gave me the best hair cut I have ever had. It was so relaxing and such a good price for the experience. I will be returning and telling all my friends! Love this place!
1	My boyfriend bought me a VIP service gift certificate for $150. This gift certificate was blank in the expiration date section, which would allow one to assume that it was currently valid. So, I call today to make an appointment and they tell me it expired in November. Well how am I supposed to know that if you don't fill that section in. I tell them that there is no expiration date and instead of them offering any consolation or service, I get a big fat, "too bad, it's expired. " I am sorry but it was your mistake!!! Put an expiration date or at least offer something in return instead of just taking our $150! Horrible customer service!!!!!!
1	I came here as a referral from my mother.  Its definitely a clean, tranquil and nice atmosphere and I love the Aveda products.  However, my $45 hair cut was not worth it and I will not be returning!  My advanced stylist was not very friendly and spent about 10 min total in washing, cutting my hair.  I asked for a trim and to clean up my long layers and she took that as cutting for about 5 min, putting some cream in my hair and letting me go. I would've hoped that she would've charged me less for my haircut since it was not your standard cut/style but no...Maybe other stylists are better here..I was hoping to get Emilio but he was booked..
5	I am a member and I love it! I was skeptical at first but LOVE Aveda products so I decided to try a facial... Jenn is absolutely wonderful and amazing!
5	I had an awesome Aveda facial with Trina Stewart. She did a really great job. Thank you,Trina!
5	My son and I stopped the salon on a Tuesday evening. My friend had recommended the place to me.  We just moved here from out of state and were looking for a new salon that we could both go to.  The staff was very friendly and helpful with accommodating our needs and communicating details on services they provided.  Emilio was our stylist.  He was very friendly and exactly the kind of stylist that we were looking for.  I prefer a stylist who offers suggestions for my age (49), hair texture (fine), and face shape.  I also like a stylist who isn't afraid to change things up with edgy and cute cuts/styles that aren't boring or don't look like every picture that you see on everyone else.  Emilio had great suggestions for my cut/style with my hair.  I was a little skeptical when Emilio said that he would not be using a flat iron on my hair; simply a blow out absolutely did the trick.  My hair felt amazing with their wonderful Aveda products!  I plan on going back to Emilio to try different looks so that I can try out different styles.  My son (18) said it was the best haircut and salon experience that he ever had!  The neck and hand massage were definitely a plus.  We paid $45 for both cuts - can't beat that!  The atmosphere was extremely pleasant and we were both very pleased with our cuts. The facility is clean and very inviting.  We have found our new stylist and salon!  I was admiring the the aesthetician's eyelashes that was there at the time (Shalynn) and they were awesome.  I plan to make an appointment for eyelash extensions next. I would highly recommend 20 Volume Salon & Spa to anyone.
1	I really wanted to like this Salon. I went in one day to check the place out, and the girl at the front was very sweet and helpful. She set an appointment for me with a stylist that does her hair. The day of the appointment was another story altogether. I wanted to do a full color on my long hair,a little darker than the light brown color I had. I was quoted $70 and maybe, more per my long length. My stylist was not personable, barely saying two words in the 1.5 hours, which made it awkward. I ended up with BLACK hair and then charged $140 for just color no haircut!! I will not be going back
5	Great job.... Great service!!! Mercedes did an excellent job! I look great and feel great!
5	I started to come here earlier in the year after some not so good experiences at another Aveda salon in town.  I was nervous but had been referred here by someone I trusted and - despite my fears, it has been really great!It can take a while to get back in the swing of a new salon but I have felt very comfortable here and like the service alot.  Sandy does my hair and she is very good.  I read that some of the stylists are not very talkative, but I am not talkative myself and so I didn't notice that.  To me the most important thing is a good cut, color and feeling safe and comfortable in the environment.  Their prices are also reasonable, and really - you get what you pay for.  I can't describe how good it is to look in the mirror and see the pretty hair color and the great cut.  Yeah!
1	I was very disappointed when I was told I didn't have an appointment with Genevieve on Wednesday, August 13 at 5:15pm. The gal at the front desk really seemed confused & not very courteous when she told me Nope we don't have you down for a haircut. I asked her if there was another opening today, as I was going out of town on Thursday. She said, yep at 5:45pm. I said, I'll take it. Then she said, oh no, I can't book you for then either, she doesn't have long enough to give you a haircut. She said sorry & I turned around and walked out not only disappointed but upset.....My first & last time here. I will be putting this on Yelp.
5	Love the facials here.. so relaxing see shylyn she is amazing  my skin feels and looks so good.
2	20 Volume Salon & Spa has officially lost me as a client. Of course I will discourage anyone else from seeking their services for their hair. I have been to 20 volume probably 4 or 5 times and so I would say I am a fairly new costumer. As a natural redhead, I am rather particular about who I allow do my hair. Up until a few weeks ago, I only allowed Stacey, the manager and "master stylist" to cut my hair. But I recently decided I had wanted a change and that so we discussed dying my hair using either a balayage technique or all over color. I showed her some ideal pictures and so we decided on the balayage. The idea is similar to an ombre but a little less drastic and more natural looking.  After spending nearly 3.5 hrs in the salon after having worked an entire night shift and 160.00 later, I was less than impressed. The blonde color was VERY subtle and consisted of about 3 inches on my ends whereas it should have comprised a greater portion of my hair. My initial reaction was that it was "just ok, whatever, I guess I like it." Part of that reaction was because I spent the entire night working a 12 hour shift and I just wanted to get out of the salon. Also, my hair was of course curled so it was hard to actually see what was going on until I straightened it. The next day I spent trying to like my overpriced dye job that appeared dried out. The product seemed heavily applied in some areas and clearly not applied enough in other areas creating an amateur look. It's not at all what I would expect from someone who is considered a "master stylist." To be honest, Stacy's personal style should have told me I should have opted for someone else. It's should always be a tell-tale sign, if your stylist's hair looks a hot mess, yours probably will too. What really frustrates me more than anything is not the overpriced product I was sold, but the poor customer service that resulted thereafter. I called expressing dissatisfaction with my hair a couple days later. I would have done it sooner but I worked 3 12 hr shifts immediately following my hair experience and clearly they aren't open the hours that I am awake. When I called 4 days after my botch job, Stacy had the day off and the next week off for that matter. I explained to Lindsey, the receptionist, that I was unhappy and wanted an allover color to be applied to achieve my natural color or something close to. I clarified several times that I wouldn't be charged again for services rendered and she reassured me that I wouldn't. I also asked for her name in case if there were any issues. A followup appointment was made for a week out since Stacey had time off and I patiently waited. When I arrived at my appointment, I explained to Stacey that I just didn't like my hair. I explained that the ends looked simply washed out and that I would just like an all over color to get rid of them. I chose a red that was brighter than my natural, but red fades, and I can't imagine one all over color costing more than another if the technique is the same. Stacy told me that she would have to charge me 75.00 to fix my hair as it was an entirely different style. I explained to her that I discussed this already with Lindsey who stated that I would absolutely not be charged and that she stated this on more than 1 occasion. She told me that Lindsey must not have understood as she documented that I wanted to come in for a couple more highlights. I told Stacy that it was obvious that Lindsey didn't understand and that I couldn't have been more explicit or clear what I wanted. Needless to say she wouldn't budge and suggested doing an all over color at my next visit in 6-8 weeks. I was rather appalled that as a business owner, she felt this was the answer to fixing what she messed up. I told her I would not be returning and that she can cancel my future appointment. Since I have a friend who is a stylist, I will be going to her in the future. Even she looked at my hair and stated she couldn't believe the horrible styling job I was sold. She stated "I thought something looked a little different but I thought it was just where your ends had faded." NOT WORTH 160.00!
5	I live out of state but have family in Phoenix and every time I visit I make sure to make an appointment  for a visit to the salon. Such a friendly and professional staff. You always feel comfortable and at ease. The stylists are all top notch. Have enjoyed every appointment I have ever had there and always leave feeling refreshed.
5	My first time to the salon, and I loved it! Brittany did an amazing job especially since I wasn't exactly sure what I wanted. I loved the end result! The salon is beautiful and clean and everyone was very professional.
5	Emilio is the best hairstylist I've ever had! He's done the best color and cut for me! I always get compliments after getting my hair done :)
5	Deanne Evans is one of the best people in America and the best stylist I have ever been to. She always gives advice on how to deal with my hair, offers no pressure product knowledge sales pitches, and makes me feel so beautiful every time I see her. The salon is clean, small and staffed with friendly people. Go there and see Deanne! You won't regret it.
5	When my favorite stylist, Genevieve, decided to take a sabbatical I was nearly in tears. See, I'm kind of a perfectionist when it comes to my locks so I have serious trust issues. But after a bit of research, I decided I'd see Deanne, a stylist I'd met at personal gatherings and who always seemed amazing. Now it took a bit to get in because she was just returning from maternity leave AND she's awesome, but boy was it worth the wait! First, I have crazy long hair after birthing two baby boys in two years. And by crazy long I mean to-my-booty long. So there's that. Next, I color it purple, but not too purple, but still noticeably purple. I'm totally a stylist's dream come true (ha!). Most just try and rush to get me done (even though I always mention my long hair during scheduling), and I rarely get the special perks (like a relaxing shampoo). But Deanne says the heck with that! Deanne did everything TOP NOTCH. She took the time to check out my pictures and discuss my color. She took the time to apply my color incredibly thoroughly and never once made me feel bad about how long my hair is. Then came *the shampoo*. I got the royal treatment ... literally. She not only shampooed/conditioned me up, but I saw her apply a special serum during my DIVINE SCALP MASSAGE. Then came my hand massage, which was the best I've ever received at an Aveda salon (and I've hit up a few in Phoenix). When we got down to the cutting business, she cut off just enough (for me, it was a solid 4-5 inches). She didn't take the liberty of knowing what's best for me, as some stylist do. I hate that! Then, she gave me a REAL blow-out (not any of this pansy stuff) and proceeded to dry cut my hair. This was the missing link all along! I didn't even know it. See, I'm a big hair kinda gal, but I have semi-fine hair, so with the layers I love, I sometimes lose volume. BUT DEANNE FREAKIN' NAILED IT. I've seriously never loved my haircut this much. So if you like that feeling, go see her!
5	Love this place!! Super relaxing and the products used are obviously amazing. Emilio does a fantastic job and always takes the time to listen to my" hair wish list" while still working with my hair texture. Anyways love this place!!!
5	I'm so happy I found this place! I moved to AZ almost 3 years ago and have been searching for a great stylist since then. After reading reviews here, I scheduled a cut with Deanne. She did a great job, listened to exactly what I was asking for, and was very friendly. The atmosphere of the salon is also awesome. I was welcomed with a delicious cup of Aveda tea and had a great scalp massage. My cut was $45 (including wash and style) which I thought was very reasonable. Highly recommend!
5	My experience at 20 Volume Salon &  Spa was way more than expected! It's a beautiful salon in a very nice area. Lots of things to do near by if you ever have to wait. I just wanted a trim. I had 7 inches of length cut off by my last stylist and all I wanted was a trim. Eeeek! That said, I was terrified to get my hair trimmed again. I've had many bad stylist in the past just for a trim. How does one mess up a trim, I don't understand.After researching like a mad woman for a good stylist, I came across 20 Volume Salon & Spa. The reviews on Yelp sold me. I booked an appointment the same day...on New Year's Eve! I was told I would get Emillio as my stylist. I remember reading great things about him on Yelp, so I was pretty excited and confident it would go well.Sure enough...it did! Better than expected! Emillio is such a sweetheart and made me feel completely at ease getting my hair trimmed. We talked about my hair and what I wanted. He never once pushed what he thought I should do. I've had many stylist want to do all kinds of things to my long/straight natural hair. Emillio listened to my concerns and was very easy to talk to.Before we walked over to wash my hair, he gave me an ahhh-mazing neck and shoulder rub with a wonderful smelling oil! Holy COW I've never had one before and I was in Heaven! I was completely relaxed (I'm a mom of 3 little ones so that's rare!...lol). As he got me set up to wash my hair, he put a nice warm towel under my neck and made sure I was comfortable. I've never experienced being pampered like this!... and as I was comfy in my seat, he gave me a relaxing hand message with lovely smelling lotion. I was in awe!  As he washed my  hair, he let me know what Aveda products he was using and how they worked. He's very knowledgeable with the Aveda products and how to use them.Finally came the trim. He was quick and precise. He put a few products in my hair, blow dried it and turned me around in the chair to look in the mirror...BAM! I had beautiful, bouncy, volumized hair!  I LOVED it! I know it was just a trim, but he put so much more work into it than just a trim and it just looked amazing! He's got the salon touch and it shows greatly through his work. You can tell he is very passionate about his career.The only sad part is I am moving. The day I find THE perfect stylist is the day I move. But, I'll only be 2 hours away and I think the service he provided is well worth the drive. I highly recommend him and I will definitely spread the word about this ahhh-mazing salon! If you want to be pampered and feel like a Queen.. or King... you should definitely go!
