4	Excellent dinner last night.  The food was very well executed.  The service was incredibly discreet leaving plenty of room for leisurely conversation.   The whole evening was very well paced.  The  table d'hote option is very nice ($10).  Nice selection of wines.  Though they have English menus, you may want to research the menu on-line before hand because the French descriptions are better.  Not to worry though, you won't be disappointed with the food.
5	They have one of the best Foie Gras I have ever had (prepared on site)(Should be accompanied by a glass of Sauternes; strongly recommended). The atmosphere is usually pleasant,  in a cozy decor that will make you feel at ease within seconds. I have been there twice, and I really enjoyed the food and overall experience both times. I strongly recommend this place.
4	Very good ambiance. We sat by the large window in the front of the restaurant in a warm evening.I started with the foie gras, which was divine. As foie gras lovers, my boyfriend and I agreed that this place has one of the best foie gras that we ever had! They served it with a glass of wine that goes with it.I had a dish with fish with vegetables as my entree that was delicious too.The service was very good and the waitress was knowledgeable..
4	After trying to going to pied du cuchon with out a reservation, we ended up here since it's right next door. Had the duck confit brick, which kinda had an Asian flair, it looked similar to an egg roll and had sweet and sour sauce... but it definitely tasted much better than an egg roll. The beef carpaccio, which was very clean and fresh. For entrees we had the sea scallops which were perfectly cooked, and the Duo of Foies gras and Sweet breads which were deliciously rich and fatty!
4	Family occasion, table for 10. Set menu (busy F1 weekend) was superb. Lots of choice.ServiceService was excellent. Great wine list. Just what you want in a local Brasserie in a pleasant street RoomClassic modern Brasserie: busy but not too noisy. Starch white table cloths.FoodTomato Soup, Salmon Tartare, Bavette de Veau, Chocolate Brut. Classics done well. Only complaint was that fries tasted a bit of old grease and were not crispy.I would go back. 4 and a half stars. Great evening!
4	After getting our fix on poutine and crepes, we decided to have a nice dinner out and we found this place. We wanted French food, since Montreal is French influenced. For starters we had the Foi Gras (seared and in pate form), and Escargo. Both dishes were finely decorated and tasted as good as it looked. The chef even brought out fried cod for us to sample, in some type of orange tartar sauce. For an entree I ordered the cheek meat, which came on a bed of mash potatoes, corn, carrots, and string beans, all covered in a gravy sauce. The meat itself was very tender and flavorful. Although the food was good, service and food was very slow (maybe it's because we're spoiled Americans and we want to get in and get out..  Decor was dark and really set the mood except for me finding floaters in my water.  Anyways if you're in the area and feeling for some French this place is not too shabby.
4	We walked in at 10 til 10pm, starving and desperately wanting French food for our first night in Montreal.  They told us they could take us if we ordered quickly-- I was afraid that the whole meal would be rushed but they ended up telling us to take our time.  They brought out a free tapas plate- sort of a seasoned meatball on top of a chickpea spread-- it was good and helped to tide us over.For hour devoures we got Crispy Shrimp which had a tasty dipping sauce.  For dinner, I had the pan seared scallops over greens and a cauliflower puree.  The scallops were perfectly cooked-- I was afraid they might be rubbery.  The puree was seasoned very well.  We skipped the dessert and instead had a round of beers.  It was an excellent meal and the waitstaff took care of us well.
3	I came here twice, once in 2008 and again two weeks ago. The first time I went,  I had a 6 course meal and it was amazinggg. But the second time I came I had the group menu which wasn't as impressive. The group menu consisted of 4 services for 39$. I started off with the tomato soup (with milk foam), it was on the sour end.  I then had the salmon tartare, which wasn't as flavorful and came off a bit bland. For my main, I had a filet mignon . I asked for it bloody, but it came to me medium rare. (I think I wasn't clear enough, I should have said "blue rare" that's the correct term for an extremely rare steak). For my dessert I had a chocolate tourte. Service was very pleasant, but food was a bit overpriced and some dishes was a hit or miss. I wouldn't really go back again.
5	This is the Montreal we were looking for: modern, eclectic cuisine with a French accent.  You can get Indian, Italian, Portuguese, etc. in any city. This wasn't stuffy French, but it was excellent from the bread to the wine to the duck confit to the molten chocolate cake.   Plus the service and atmosphere were pleasant and enjoyable.  And it's located in a lovely neighborhood, good for walking or biking.
5	upscale-casual atmosphere, perfect portions of delicious French and French-influenced food, an extensive list of wines, and actually fairly affordable...I really think Vertige is a perfect storm of French dining in Montreal.located on a short but busy side street in an otherwise fairly quiet and residential neighborhood, Vertige was our final dinner in Montreal and really cemented how awesome this city is for dining. candle-lit tables, some chill/jazz music, and an awesomely designed bar (lots of lights/lamps).we were given a small sample of salmon tartare and bruschetta to start off with, as well as some excellent bread. having not eaten since lunch (it was now around 8:30), this was certainly good padding for the wine and stemmed me from going T. Rex on my dinner.when I saw multiple menu choices with duck, it was clearly time to go "positively decadent". I wound up getting the roasted duck magret. it was like a steak...but made from duck, with a maple and port wine reduction on top, and a bed of string beans and puree sweet potatoes underneath. un-F.U.C.-ing-believable! so many flavors working together in wonderful unison.as for booze...their focus is on a huge list of red and white wine from all over the world. I'm not really a wine drinking guy (I'm a terrible Italian-American in this respect; I am more of a beer/whiskey/gin type) but it seemed fitting to class it up with a bottle of vino. ended up picking Les Deux Anges, a terrific French red.service was excellent. not pushy and hovering, but not forgetful and lazy. perfect.there's no real single "type" of clientele here, demographics-wise. it's fine for groups or couples, families or friends, young or old. while some were more dressed up than others, no one was in a suit or anything too stuffy like that.the portions are perfect for the price. you won't waddle out all bloated, but you won't feel ripped off (the latter is my chief complaint with French food in New York).I would most certainly go back to Vertige again. the fact that they also have a tapas menu on some nights and a full multiple-course tasting menu means the combinations for deliciousness are endless.
5	We're getting to be regulars at this terrific little restaurant. the food is excellent and the value extraordinary! Most recently we celebrated New Years at Vertige with a group of about 15 friends. They setup the tables in the rear of the restaurant in a large rectangle for us so we all sat together at one large table and it felt like we had our own private restaurant. We had a great prix fixe menu where the food seemed to never stop flowing and all for about $85, did I mention that it was New Years Eve!I also highly recommend their Tuesday and Wednesday night tapas. You can select 6 items from the menu for a fixed price of $29/person. The rest of the week they also offer great multi-service menu options all at extremely reasonable prices. Great food & great atmosphere a definite must in my book!
4	That restaurant was amazing... Loved everything about it... the food, the decor, the service... NO complaints for me... I was there for my girlfriend's birthday and she loved it!
4	We went to Vertige last night for a late dinner, and were very pleased with the experience. Vertige is a casual but upscale place with a funky music playlist and convivial atmosphere. Our waitress cheerily greeted us in French but graciously switched to English when we asked. She was very attentive throughout the meal and always made sure our wine glasses were full. The Coq Au Vin was simply the best chicken I have ever had anywhere. It was full of flavor and fell off the bone. We also had the fois gras duo and steak tartare, which were divine. All highly recommended!
4	We had a fabulous meal at this restaurant a few days ago, and we will definitely be back!  Excellent service, and the food was delicious.  I ordered the Land Menu, and loved every bite.  And I don't consider myself a connoisseur of meat, either; I usually order fish when I go out to eat.  But all of the items on the Land Menu were superb.  I cannot wait to go back and sample some of the other dishes.  Now we understand why this restaurant is so popular!
5	Delightful attentive staff. We had the duck and "land" menus. Flavorful new cuisine. Pleasant atmosphere.
4	Came here on a Wednesday while on Vacation in Montreal. We chose 12 tapas from their Tuesday/Wednesday tapas menu and were very pleased. The choices were great and we were able to try multiple different foods. We had a few beef, duck, cheese and chicken tapas as well as a delicious mango salad which had little mango slices on top that tasted like candy.Highly recommend coming here and trying as much out as you can!
3	They do tapas nights on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. We had dinner reservations but tapas seemed like a fun thing to try, so we did. Seems like a small staff, it almost seemed like a family-run restaurant, which is pretty nice. The decor seemed interesting, somewhere between a bar and a trendy restaurant.Overall, though, it seemed like it was more concerned with attracting a gourmet audience (something about the purple lights and the tapas menu...) than actually just being really consistently good. All together we had 12(!) plates. That's a lot of different stuff. A couple were really great, a couple were really not great, and everything else was pretty much in the middle -- not bad, not amazing, and pretty much exactly what I'd expect from any restaurant.Maybe if they concentrated on fewer dishes it could be great. The service is shockingly good - two servers for the whole place, I think, and we never really had to wait for anything - it's busy, it's got a great location. Maybe the non-tapas dinner is amazing, but it'll be a while before I go try again.
4	The food was great! The decor is very modern, it has a bistro/bar/classy restaurant vibe and it all works very well. We decided to go with a small group of people, 7-8, on a Tuesday and we we're strongly recommend to go with the Tuesday special since you get to taste a lots of food for the price if one regular dish. This is we're they lost a star in my opinion...The way it worked is: we have one sheet of paper and you put down the number if tapas you wanna a get for the entire group. So your order is for 7-8 and not only for yourself, my suggestion: write down your choices because the waitress won't bother ( she told us she wouldn't ). So we did order about 40 plates since it's 6 per person, and what was to supposed to happen did. The order messed up. We had one tapas extra and one of us had 2 tapas missing. The waitress blamed it on us and told us we had to pay for the extra... Overall the food was great and she bitterly gave is the two missing plate and brought back the extra taps to the kitchen. One order per patron would have saved her the trouble, but some people don't listen. I still recommend, great food, good ambiance and on a Tuesday, if you "like" the place on Facebook, you have a complimentary drink!
4	Everything looks delicious on the menu it was difficult to choose. I went with one of their discovery menus as did my daughter where they give you 4 courses with the intention of tasting one another's dishes.  She had the land menu, I selected the sea menu. Brilliant decision! We had beef carpaccio/salmon tartare, veal kofta/shrimp ravioli, lamb chop/cod, and for dessert, molten chocolate cake with caramel ice cream! My husband and other daughter both selected filet mignon- mouth watering tender and succulent! My biggest surprise was the shrimp ravioli. It is served with a coconut sauce, Or at least there was coconut in the sauce.  It doesn't matter.  It was divine!  Could have eaten that as my main entree! We were very impressed! There is a window to view the kitchen from the dining room. Looks like 2 chefs did it all!! The wait staff comprised of 3 women.  All very pleasant and attentive! We did not have a reservation, but they were able to accommodate us on a Friday night at 7pm! I'm so happy they did!
1	Without a doubt, one of the worst dining experiences of my life.  Other reviews must have been written in the twilight zone.  Lackluster wine list over cooked veal rubber gnocchi best part of the dinner was the cab ride home.  How do you say garbage in French?   Vertige
4	We went to this great little spot for my daughter's 20th birthday. We were not disappointed. I had the fois gras to start which was excellent. Not the best I ever had but it ranks up there. I followed with the sweetbreads. For those not familiar this is thyroid (of calf, in this case). I have had this several times over the years as it is a French specialty. Here it was delicious. A rich creamy sauce but not overly heavy. I forget what everybody else had but suffice to day opinions were much the same as mine. I would recommend this restaurant without hesitation. I will go back.
5	I like this place because they were very understanding that I didn't speak French. I came here on a Friday night but got a table immediately. I got the Escargot (snails), Magret Canard (duck), Plat Petoncles (scallops), Merlot wine, and Tourte Mi-Cuite (chocolate cake).  All were excellent but my favorite was the Magret Canard.
4	I just went there for my dad's birthday. He's not so fond of "wierd foods" as he would probably say it. We actually tried the Tuesday and Wednesday special (6 tapas for 23$) and HE LOVED IT! We had some arranchini (exquisitly moist and flavourful), the lobster raviolli (to die for), the steak was well cooked, but a bit too salty to my taste, the coconut shrimps were well balanced, the portuguese chicken was tender and well seasoned, some foie gras en chiffonnade (great texture)...I don't remember all we got, since the special requires everyone at the table to take the special if you want it, so we had 18 plates total (with some we took 2 or 3 of)...2nd time around for me and I'll definitely come back there again.
5	We loved our evening at Vertige. We had the 7 course tasting menu and every course was delicious. Service was fantastic! We'll definitely be back
