5	In the Northeast we're completely deprived of delicious Double-Doubles, and while there are still options for good burgers up here, their absence is noted. There is simply no other burger quite like an In-N-Out burger.There's nothing I can say that hasn't been said by many before me. In-N-Out is legend, and justifiably so. Whether or not there are comparable burgers out there is irrelevant, because they're not In-N-Out burgers, which have a unique taste all their own. The Chandler Boulevard location is the only In-N-Out I've been to, frequently when I lived in Arizona, now much less that I'm in Massachusetts. It's clean and nails all the characteristics one would expect, and offers the pure deliciousness that the Western U.S. covets.It's an In-N-Out, and that's really all that matters, isn't it?
4	Good Burger at a good price
4	In-n-Out was introduced to me by some SoCal fanatics - who "schooled me" to order from the "secret menu" (available on their website) like a pro. So a 3x3 was my first experience. I've since decided a double-double is the right size for me.The food here is the freshest fast food burger shop faire you'll get. The staff (yes, youngsters) is always extremely cheerful, friendly and patient.If you need a burger and like the thin cut style fries, this beats the heck out of the golden arches less than a block away (or other national chains).
5	Consistent with all In N Out restaurants. Always awesome.
4	In-N-Out has the best french fries next to... dont kill me, but Heart Attack Grill.. haha i know.. nasty huh.  They are just too damn good.  Why? Because they are fresh cut and not frozen quadruple fried french fries.One of the reasons I love this place is that its so simple too.  Burgers and Fries.. that's it.  Their vanilla milk shakes are pretty rock too.  Ya can't go wrong here!
4	Had my first 2x2 Animal Style and it was delicious! I tried the the fries Animal Style, but it may be a bit over the top. If I'm looking to gorge, I may get them well with just cheese. The special sauce was a bit much... though they were all eaten by the end of the meal.It's too bad they don't have one of these in NYC... though Fresh & Fast is an exceptional substitute. I think it trumps Shake Shack.
4	Their burgers are fantastic, and the service is wonderful.  It's an unusual combination making the service staff suspect.  I'm not sure what makes them so cheery, and I suspect there's something going on....They are always smiley, helpful, and bubbly, regardless of how late it is.  I suspect this behavior is insincere.  The Chandler location is open super-late, although they don't take care of the 24-hour professions like firemen, policemen, or hospital staff, which would've easily given them 5 stars.
5	-The BEST fries in the whole wide world!! Cheap too!-I LOVE these hamburgers, it's worth waiting for! I envision the toasty buns, secret sauce, and greasy goodness as I slowly wait my turn in line.-Good location, right off the freeway.-Service was friendly, just like any location.-I learned there's a Jersey Mike's in the same parking lot, as I waited in the Drive-Thru line.-I found this location with YELP's help.
5	Delicious, went here 3x with my family in one weekend.  My burger of choice is protein style, animal style, hamburger!My nephew's burger, I dubbed as the "Kenn burger," is protein style, no tomatoes, cheeseburger.  He hates onions, but doesn't mind it on the animal style burger. I love the animal style fries too.  Likely loaded with calories, but oh so delicious!
5	Here is a common scene at my house: I just worked a long day at my desk in front of my computer. I come home to read and relax and end up falling asleep until 10pm after all of the restaurants around us have already closed. I'm starving and exhausted and I don't want to cook. So what are my husband and I to do about dinner? In-N-Out seems to be the perfect solution. For under $12 we can get two grilled cheeses with grilled onions, two fries, and two extra large iced teas. And when they say extra large, they mean it. I got one of those for the first time last week because its only .40 cents more than the medium and good lord that thing was large. It took me two days to drink all of the tea in it. Occasionally when I am feeling extra unhealthy I will get a chocolate shake to dunk my crispy, hot, salty fries in. What? You think that's gross? Well, its not. You should try it sometime. Its amazing. I still have yet to try the animal style grilled cheese. I hear they exist. We end up coming here probably once a week because its cheap and fast and I don't mind eating unhealthy once in awhile. I work out. So its all good.
5	Visited here a couple weeks ago to get our fix while visiting family. Service was great. Girl behind the counter didn't even flinch when I spouted off my unusual order (4x4, animal style, whole grilled onion, and chopped chiles + animal style fries, well done). Order came out promptly and exactly how we ordered it. Love some In-n-Out.
5	I love In-n-Out.  The service is always, always excellent.  Cheerful, prompt, courteous.  The employee training program is to be commended.  The simple menu means that you get your food quickly.  It is always fresh, always delicious.  I will always return!
5	Whenever I fly home from Ohio, I try to hit all my favorite restaurants in the valley. And I generally get to each of them once. I get to In-N-Out at least twice. It's just that good. I honestly could eat it every day of my life if my waistline would allow it.
5	The drive through line at this location always takes forever.  However the food is worth it!!!  Can't go wrong with anything you order.
5	This Particular In-N-Out is very friendly, even for In-N-Out standards.  The help are all diligent and quick, and also caring about their customer service.If you are not familiar with In-N-Out they appear to have a simple menu of burgers, fries, drinks, and shakes.  They do have a secret menu (http://www.in-n-out.com/secretmenu.asp) which you should check out.  I get animal style on my burger AND my fries.  Delicious.Also, make sure you pick up a shirt while you're there, at $9.50 it's almost a steal!!
5	Love their burgers & friesPeriod ... !!!!!!
4	The best fast food burger around.  The best items arent even on the menu. 3x3 animal style please.  Though its great, its still fast food.
5	Fantastic customer service. Grilled cheese, animal style and well done fries. This place speaks for itself...yum!
4	Arizona may be hot in August but at least they have In-N-Out to make it bearable.  The thing I like most about them is no matter where you are they always are consistent.  My double double animal style is as good in Prescott as it is in Vegas, Dallas, or SoCal.  Keep up the great work and please come to San Antonio soon!
4	Service was MUCH faster than the last time I was here a few years prior.  I love the burgers, so yummy I could eat 3.  Lunchtime is a little too busy for me, the lines are too long so I'd avoid it between 11:30-1:00pm.
4	awesome burgers! the service is always super friendly! avoid the drive thru its more like a parking lot.
3	Still not in love. Tried it many times and the fries are plain and the burger is ok for fast food but doesn't keep me coming back. Sorry to the diehard fans, but I think there are better burger joints out there.
3	I guess i just dont get this place.  Sure, its a burger place, but I just dont get why people give it such high ratings... theres just not much to it.  They dont even have mayo... I mean really?  Look, the food is good, and the staff is friendly.  I would eat here again.
4	Simple burger and a simple price.If you want a hamburger, fries and a shake and nothing more then that it is a great place for a fresh home made taste of burger. Kids dont always want a hamburger and this doesnt have any other options so if your in the mood for a burger I would choose this over McDonalds for sure but dont look for a variety they dont even carry Mayo for the burger.
5	Always the bomb for good food. Did I mention the fries are crazy delicious?!?!
5	I'm a big fan.Protein style or not, these burgers kick tail.
5	When I crave a good old fashioned burger, this is where I go.They stick to what they know, and that's a great thing.  Simplicity is a virtue lost in the burger world.  They have a simple menu, but each item on that menu is expertly made.  They don't have "fancy-schmancy" "foo-foo" burgers here.  The food is prepared and cooked to order.  If ever there was fast food that tastes fresh, In-N-Out Burger is it.The dining area is kept very clean.The staff is friendly.When the weather is agreeable, their outside dining area is perfect.The drive-thru service is excellent.  Sometimes, it can be a bit of a wait, but that's a small price to pay for perfection.
5	I've been to In n Out about a million times here in AZ and CA and I've never had a bad experience. The food is always good and out fast. They are always busy and deal with the crowds in stride. Very methodical and organized. The service here is always amazing. They smile, they are warm and friendly and I honestly appreciate that. Great company. Consistently good food and amazing employees. Well done.
5	Best burgers ever. Hands down....The food, service, and quality are always consistent and amazingly great. You could eat off the floor of the restaurants if you wanted to.
5	Tasty, inexpensive burgers served up at an establishment that treats their employees and customers well. What more could anyone ask for? Hint: They have a secret menu on-line. Check it out.
4	Number one animal style is excellent. Check the Internet for In N out burgers secret menu. Animal style is a mustard grilled patty with pickles and grilled onions. This burger has incredible flavor, and beats many high dollar burgers around town.  (Check my review for the Grind... ) Great shakes also - secret menu allows you to mix and match new shake flavors which is totally cool. You can't beat In-N-out for both flavor and value. And you can buy a cool In-n-out shirt for $8 - wear it proud!
5	Fast clean service rendered by fast clean employees in a fast clean restaurant. Most folks in American can't get this, but we can! Forget the "secret menu" and just go in for the kill with a double double and shake. Can't be beat for service price, taste or quality...
5	Great burger great fries even better prices. Hot and fresh is hard to beat. Milkshakes are also just as good.
5	For the price, you can't beat the burgers at this place. Always fresh and hot. Not a lot of items on menu, but their burgers are better than those at many places where prices are two or three times as much. I'm not a huge fan of their fries, although I've watched them cut and fry the fresh potatoes--don't know what it is, but the texture of the fries is not over-the-top, but they are all right. Can't get a better burger at this price, though....The place is spotless and the staff friendly. Sometimes gets quite crowded inside at lunchtime, though. It's worth it for those burgers....
3	Nothing special here. Just an average, forgettable burger. If there was a Five Guys in the area, I would pass on this place.
5	This place is great!! Always clean and the food is consistent.
4	Great food, fast and fresh! Simple menu but my kids request it often! Just there tonight....cheeseburger delicious and fries hot and freshly cut! Always bring my friends from out of state here!
4	On the Whole30 food challenge which is a stricter version of Paleo.After 2 wks, I needed something quick and not scratch cooked from whole foods.  Googled and found this tasty item, which the cashier really kindly and very friendly entered in:**Double meat w/ mustard, onion (raw), extra tomato, chilies, protein style (aka wrapped in lettuce).  I'll hold the chilies next time, little hot for me.. but I didn't even know that option existed!
3	I am not from the West Coast, but I have lived in Arizona for the past 6 years. The only other time I had In N Out was when I was in Hollywood, it was 3 AM and I wasn't sober. So I decided to give In N Out Burger an honest try before I head back east.I honestly don't understand what all the hype is about. Maybe it's the thousand islandish spread they put on the burger. Is it better than any other fast food place with a drive thru, sure. Is it better than Five Guys, no way.
5	Best fries and healthiest hamburger. No need for the cheese. The spread tastes amazing.
2	I'm upset with this place. I've been to 3 other In and Outs and I don't care for this one.There have been several times that we got pink meat in the burgers. I mean completely pink. It's overly greasy and dripping with the liquid fat.If you like In and Out there are better ones and if I compared this place to 5 Guys, 5 Guys wins hands down.
2	They completely botched my drive-thru order tonight. Either that, or I ended up with someone else's order. Yes, I admit I should have checked inside the bag before I drove off and made it all the way home. But I also think it's reasonable that they double check their orders before handing them over. The cashier even read back my exact order to me as soon as I pulled up to the pick-up window. Of course, it's In-N-Out so what I did receive was still pretty good, but just not what I ordered. I'll be avoiding this particular location from now on.
5	you just cant go wrong with In-N-Out Burger. This place is the best for a late night snack. I love the protein style burger.
4	Another busy In-N-Out, but with fairly speedy service and consistent food. Our orders came out exactly as described. One minor detail was that the burgers were stacked vertically in our to-go bag, which made the condiments slide to the bottom of the burger when we came home and were ready to eat our tasty, yet as a result, messy lunch.
5	I can't say anything bad about in n out... It's always been too quality food at a good price... I enjoy there animal style burgers..
5	Good place for a great burger. Didn't have to wait this time it was late. Guy did a good job upwelling additional items. LOL
5	There isn't much to say. Excellent fresh burgers and fries! This is one of the better fast food places, plus its dirt cheap. Oh and if you've never tried your burger "animal style" please do, it's part of their secret menu.
4	For fast food, it doesnt get much better. This buger beats Mcdonalds, Burger King, Wendys, Carls Jr, Sonic, Jack in the Box. Does it beat a good sit down restaurant burger? Prolly not, but its king of the fast food jungle. Ask for animal style you wild beast, its the way to go!
5	Busy, but worth the wait! Always!! The burgers are juicy and yummy, and fries are freshly cooked and always good!Got a double double, hubby got the same but plain, and daughter got a plain cheeseburger with a chocolate milkshake! Yum! Can't go wrong with in and out! (Was so hungry scarfed down the food and forgot to take pics! Waaah!) lol
4	Awesome burger today! Ordered the double double, ... The veggies were cold and fresh, the burger was done to perfection, the bun was perfectly toasted! And as always a super friendly staff. I will always give in and out two thumbs up. Much better than any other burger rival! These places need to speak like wildfire! Rather eat there than any other fast food joint!
5	My boyfriend and I pulled up late on a busy Saturday night. The line was long both in store and at the drive thru so we decided to wait in the drive thru line. A young man named Thomas was standing in the line of cars taking orders on an iPad type thing. He was polite and professional and was moving the cars through very quickly. Samuel was also a rockstar at the first window. The moral of the story is that Thomas was cool and got our order right and we were pleasantly surprised!
4	Ive always had a great experience here and feel the food is always good and the prices are reasonable as well. No complaints at all.. I will be going back here again for sure!
4	Best fast burger in town!
3	Prob one of the best of the fast food type burger places but way overrated. They definitely have a cult following.I have to say the burger is really good especially as animal style (one of the not so secret menu options). It is so small though you have to get at least a double or even a triple to be satisfied (3x3 good option). So once you have ordered a 3x3, animal style you got a nice sized burger that has all the right cheese gooeyness, grilled onion and sauce to boot. (prob is it hikes up the price).I have to say the fries just suck (these are fighting words to the in-n-out lovers). They are cut fresh but they don't cook them right. They are soggy little suckers so i have to say Fry well (or well done) to get them in some sort of crispiness but then they are almost cooked to much. So i usually don't order anymore. They need to learn how to do the twice cook method (blanch then crisp)Shakes are ok but nothing special what so ever. I do like how they have little hot yellow chiles if you want them.
3	Over hyped. Look, the burgers are a bit better on a fast food scale. In a arena of McD and BK, hands down better. I live in TX and have better options. I like INO for there novelty, but it isn't the best in class.  It's good, eat there. If you want better, plenty of options.
5	Fries and a 3x3 make for a perfect square meal. The milkshakes take some serious suction to get through a straw, but get better as they melt a bit.
5	First time trying in n out today. I was surprised how simple and plain the menu was. Burgers, fries and shakes; that's it. I liked how simple it was. We tried #2 (cheese burger fries and drink). This place is very clean I was so impressed. The kitchen is clean and you can watch what they're doing, the tables and floors and ketchup/mustard/ drink area was clean. The staff were friendly and they kept maintaining the eating area. Again, I was so impressed. Our food was awesome. Fried weren't greasy or too salty, burgers were great, they put the perfect amount amount of lettuce and tomato on it. Looking forward to my next visit!
5	First time and I loved it.  It's true what they say, you don't go there for the fries.  But the burger and shake was amazing!
4	Great burgers. They use only fresh ingredients and everything comes put looking like the pictures on the wall (most burger places can't even come close to that). They have a limited menu: burgers, fries, sodas and shakes. All can be customized, even in secret ways. And that works for me, I prefer that they have chosen to be great at the things they do (and forget the other stuff).
5	Never disappointedIf you are from anywhere on the West Coast, you probably already know about In-N-Out. If you don't, come see what all the fuss is about. You will not be disappointed. You cannot find fresher fast food and for very reasonable prices.Food just arrived. Got to go...Okay I'm back, and that was incredible. As I sit here fully content, basking in the afterglow of a wonderful meal, I thank God that I live in Arizona and I can experience this wonderfulness whenever I want. Woe to you states without an In-N-Out. I truly hope your day will come. But for now,  consider planning your next vacation in CA, AZ, NV, TX, or UT.
3	This is a good in and out. Bathrooms are clean and tables are always cleaned promptly after being used. Our food has come out timely for the in and out chain, but is about 50/50 whether it is burned - usually depends on whose working. If you go during "rush hours" food is spectacular, if you go late night or at 3 pm you can either expect a wait or lesser quality food, which is pretty common for fast food places in general. Staff is always friendly which is nice, and you can't beat the prices!
4	The food is decent here, I'm just not that crazy about this specific location. It gets absolutely frenzied with all the tourists here.
4	Wasn't as awesome as we had expected. Burgers were ok, not a lot of options for toppings. Staff were friendly and service was fairly quick considering the line.
