3	This local icon of a grocery store is upscale, full-service (with self-service checkout), well equiped with a butcher, deli, and pharmacy, centrally located, well-staffed.It's tough to compete in the non-cyclical consumables business (erm, that's them there grocery stores, donchyaknow), especially when you have unions driving up labor costs that get passed on to, well, Me!This review is reflective of all good things this store is, and the price of the products offered. Attention Albertson's management: Want a better rating? Compete better on price. Ever heard on the news the word "recession" being repeated on a daily basis, usually used in the phrase "The Great Recession"?Right. Now manage appropriately.
5	It's not often that I walk into an Albertson's and walk away happy.I've been to over 250 of them. In a past life, I had a job that required me to visit most of the stores throughout Southern California and Nevada. This location is one of the best.It's full service. Meaning, that it's the size of a freaking Costco. Among the highlights:--Post Office--Bank--Starbucks--Floral Shop--Full Service DeliYeah, most grocery stores have this, but seriously....this store is freaking HUGE. I moved here from Scottsdale, and the Arizona Albertson's were a pathetic joke. I am so glad I have this store to rely on for my day-to-day groceries.Yes....Albertson's...."It's My Store".
1	The pharmacy is really slow and this is based on multiple experiences. I have used their services 4 times for and they always have to order what I need I never had these issues with CVS.
4	This is my home away from home. I find the store neat and clean, and the employees helpful and friendly. I wish they had a few more employees out on the floor to help locate stuff when I'm lost but it's a sign of the times.  As someone who uses coupons this is one of my favorite stores because the cashiers feel like they are on my side. They are not annoyed, no one has ever made comments, and when I've had to point out an error they are never offended.  I needed to make a return, I picked up the wrong kind of an item. I'm not used to returning items to a grocery store and was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was. No hassle.This store and it's employees help make life just a little easier.
5	Love this place! Never shopped Albertson's regularly until I moved back to Summerlin 2 years ago. Store is always clean and the employees are the best. Recently suffered from major layoffs - lost 7 employees per store in Vegas. A lot of my favorites are now gone, but the new faces are becoming favorites now. Just wish my old favs didn't lose their jobs. End on a happy note - This is an awesome Albertson's! And there's even a Starbucks and Post Office here for one stop shopping!
4	I love this albertsons, It's a beautiful store, very clean and organzied, and the prices are fine. I enjoy shopping here much better then smiths which is 1 street closer to me.
4	Now I'm a big shopper at another grocery store, but I do like Albertson's for their beef. Their quality of beef is decent and generally their cupcakes are pretty good. I know weird combo right? The bakery is on the way to the meat section so a cupcake always catches my eye. Albertsons is definitely a little pricier but when they have things that go on sale it can be fairly priced. I do like their quality of meat and their bakery is hit or miss but generally it's a hit. I'm not a big fan of their bagels either.I've always checked myself out since there doesn't seem to be too many not self serve lanes open when I go...which is kind of annoying. I've got a baby and don't want to be checking out a bunch of stuff either. Oh well. I'll be back!
4	We love stopping in at this store on the way home after a long work week.  The staff is always so nice!  The selection of organic and gluten free food is improving... We need and want more of these types of food.  Hope they read the review and take notice.
4	I definitely live much closer to other grocery stores, but this one is my favorite. I know that's a bit odd to say, but I think everyone has that one grocery store that's just so familiar to them and they can trust (I also really have an aversion to Smith's for some reason). The workers are always helpful, whether you are in the produce section or at the cashier or trying to sort out how to function the Post Office's automated machine when the actual Post Office is closed. In other stores, and even other Albertsons, I've found rotten produce left out for sale, but I have yet to experience that here. Also, if you couldn't tell by my Yelp photos, I was a sucker for their stamp collecting that took place from Sept - Dec and thanks to the help of a few kind patrons and staff, I was able to collect enough stamps to earn my dinnerware set. I try to do a majority of my shopping at Costco now, but when Costco can't come through, this Albertsons definitely does.
2	Since the opening of this store we have been good clients.  How ever in the last 6 months or so, we've noticed a change to the worst. They reorganized the store and it has become difficult to find what you need. They have stopped carrying certain products at the Deli like Hormel's cooked ham and certain cheeses. The quality of the meat has deteriorated and have changed personnel. I don't enjoy going as I used too.
2	The location of this supermarket is very close to my house. It's easy to get in and out, & there's always a convenient parking spot available. The lay out of the store is pretty good, except I could not find pre made dough. I use the post office a lot at this location, and for the most part, the workers are very efficient! The store has always been very clean, and organized. Every time I've been here, the employees have always been friendly and efficient. The reason I give them a low grade, is because the quality of there fruits and vegetables is not very good! Anytime I've purchased any type of fruit or vegetables, they rotten in less than a week.I also find there are other supermarkets in the area, which have more selection, better quality products, which are fresher, and more reasonably priced. I would recommend this Albertsons to anyone in the area, with a lack of transportation.
3	Just like another Albertsons, nothing spectacular about this one.  This Albertsons is pretty far out west, so it's never a very busy store.  I really like that I can get in and out in a hurry.  It is clean and the staff is always friendly and helpful.
3	The employees are friendly and this location is very convenient but they always seem to be out of what I need. I tried to order a bday cake for my daughter today and they were completely out of the frozen theme cakes. This happens pretty often to me here. we have ordered catering from here and they usually mess the order up somehow. I do have to say this last time the guy in deli was extremely helpful and made sure it was all correct. So maybe they are working on that.  If I have time I rather go somewhere else and shop.
3	I can't believe with the number of checkins I have that I never reviewed this Albertsons.  I generally stop here for the Los Angeles Times or to get a Starbucks coffee.  I have also dropped of a pre-paid postal package in their drop box which makes it convenient.The staff are generally very pleasant.  The one drawback I have with all Albertsons is their removal of the self checkouts.  Nothing irritates me more than to have an LA Times and end up behind someone with a cart of groceries who then prospects in their purses for the 81 cents they need to make exact change.  Ugh!
