4	The place has two locations at the Forum Shops, one on the first floor behind the escalators and one on the third floor overlooking the Strip.The first floor location is great for a quick coffee or a drink, they also have draft beers and happy hour between 3pm - 6pm everyday $3 Newcastle, can't beet that deal on the Strip.Awesome bartenders, great to talk to.Also they offer wide variety of ice creams or gellato :)The third floor location offers great desserts and food (sandwiches and panini), they also have good variety of drinks. The best thing about this place is the view. Located on the top floor of the forum shops it has view of harrahs casino and some part of the strip. Amazing value for the money
5	If you're at Caesars, this is you coffee place, or it should be!Best money spent on a Baileys cappuccino, around $8 ! Now that's a deal, Wish I could go there everyday...but than I might need to go to AA meetings :)The place has been revamped, nice big space, with a strip view and a little both, for a more private meeting!
3	It was 11:00 on a Saturday morning and my friend and I were looking for an inexpensive, simple, somewhat healthy breakfast option. We were headed into the Forum Shops at Ceasars  and found this coffee shop on the 3rd floor that had a few breakfast items. For $9 you could get a veggie omelet sandwich. Ok let's try it we thought. We ordered two omelet sandwiches and a coffee and tea. The regular, plain, not fancy coffee in their smaller size was about $3.The vibe in here was weird. Everyone seemed pissed off. The staff, the other customers, it was an odd feeling. We grabbed a table and then proceeded to wait for our items. The system is disorganized. It's not a number system. They made one tea and called it up, poured one coffee and called it up. Customers didn't know who was getting what. We waited what seemed like a long time for our sandwiches. If we didn't already pay for them we would have left. Thankfully when they were ready, they were good. The omelet had a good flavor and came with a nice thick slice of mozzarella, and tomato on wheat bread. The coffee was hot and good. I would have marked less stars based on the service and disorganization, but since the finished product ended up being good I had to give them at least three.
3	Just wanted a hot cup of green tea and watch the rain.  Nice little quite area away from the chaos of the mall.  We got seats overlooking the strip.
5	Great coffee spot on the strip. The coffee is really good. I was at espressomente at pallazo the previous day. While, they use illy too, the coffee at espresso creations is far superior. Also gelato two scoops only $4.00. Hey, it's more expensive in place not on the strip.The place is: third level of the forum shops. Get curved escalators to get there. View: there is not great but good enough view of the strip. Harrah resort and casino it's in front of the venue.In short: perfect for this early afternoon coffee cravings.
5	This is a hidden gem in the forum shops! My friend and I were tired and found our way here and the server Chris totally helped guide us to great coffee and drinks. They also have gelato and other snacks. It's a great tucked away spot that will get you revived and ready for a excellent evening.
3	Great coffee but food and service need more work. Staff should focus on customers instead of chatting with their friends. Very expensive for what you get. Such a cool place and it has a lot of potential just needs to fix a few things.
1	Walk on by. Service is hell. Whom ever manages this place should fire the woman working there. Bad bad service!
5	Great Vanilla Latte.  Friendly and helpful workers.  Illy Brand Products here.  Thumbs up.  Located on level 1 near the Elevators by Joe's in the Forum Shops.
