1	Japanese Isakayas seem to be in style these days. We thought we had discovered a gem on a busy saturday night, and they even had room! Turns out, there was a reason for it.The concept is japanese tapas, and seems neat at first. The menu seems original "fried garlic", "green tea short ribs". Crime  #1: "The Fried Garlic". 4.50$. It comes as two heads of garlic, with a toothpick, fried and a spoonful of a nondescript red paste.#2: The steamed buns. It's nice to know that David Chang and Momofuku's influence has made it up the I87 to Montreal, but this is just a travesty. These look like the same momofuku-style buns, for the same price, but with rubbery, pasty buns,  leaking odd-colored liquids into a pool on the plate, and filled with what looked like meat from the taco place down the road. For sure, David chang's buns are over hyper and overpriced, but they are perfectly put together and offer a perfect bite. These are truly a shame.#3: Sake Mussels: 12$. A nice sized bowl of mussels that smelled like the fish section of Provigo on a sunday night. Half of them were closed. We ate 3 mussels and decided, for own health to stop. When we asked for the bill with a full plate of mussels on the table, the waiter didnt even act surprised.Clearly, the folks at Big in Japan took this concept of an Isakaya,  charging New York prices, and cut corners at every single level. What a terrible experience.
1	At first I though the place was ok, not especially tasty or anything, but good enough if in need of some calories. But after further reflection, and after burping fried chicken burps for about 4 hours after eating, I've decided that big in japan isn't worth the trip at all. The food court seating is somewhat lame as well.
3	Personally I feel the reviews if this place are pretty harsh. This place certainly isn't refined but that's not the point. I don't think I would ever want to come here for dinner but for some drinks and some snacks it's a nice stop. It is true that the menu consists largely of fried items but I found most of what I tried to be pretty tasty, minus the croquettes which were quite bland. The price of the tapas seem fair but the specials are a bit pricey.
4	Our 1st experience here was great! the green tea ribs was tender and I even liked the cabbage that came with it. The second time we were here, the waiter suggested their new and `experimental` hotpot, which were pieces of tofu, meat, veggies with the same brown soy colour and taste. Did not enjoy that although I guess it was `experimental`. Love the concept and decor here, very unique and apparently authentic of what they have in Japan. We had the same waiter both times ( think he is the owner?) very knowledgeable, and enthusiastic.
2	I definitely wanted this place to be better than it was. The Japanese tapas items weren't bad, but everything was pretty lacklustre, over all. I had the gyoza dumplings, which were decent, and the spicy chicken on rice, which was a big disappointment in terms of spice and flavouring. As far as the decor, the rear of the restaurant is lovely and a nice place to sit if you're in a group, but up-front it's all leftover diner pieces.
3	I like this place. Then again I live in Brooklyn. The food's not great but passable Japanese "Izakaya" bar food. People who work here seem very comfortable, polite, and genuine, in an indie-nerdy kinda way which would fit right into LES or East Village in NYC. Nice to hear Johnny Cash and slurp udon in a non-pretentious place on St Laurent.
2	The other reviews have this place more or less pegged right; the food is not bad, but it's mostly fried, specials are a bit too expensive, it's perhaps as much western as it is Japanese, and the service is disinterested at best. Our food was nothing to complain about, really. You could do worse on any given evening (it's probably a much better night-stop?) But we came out both realizing we had our fill of fried food and that we couldn't think of anything on the menu that we would want to make a return trip for.
2	Having lived 5 years in Japan, I assert that this place doesn't fit with any of the Land of the Rising Sun's service standards.First, Big in Japan calls itself a Japanese Brasserie but you can only find two types of beers in the menu: the local draft of "la maison" and a can of Asahi (which actually costs $9). More, when I asked if the draft beer was from Japan, the staff (whose glasses' size might compete with her snobbery) gave me the weirdest look ever. Perhaps they weren't aware of their own restaurant's name and type after all.However, the decor was coherent enough with a 1970s inspired interior mixed with old school Godzilla wallprints. The spots in the back of the room also looked descent for a party of a few.Despite the contemptuous service, food was good. The menu is pretty rich with very different ingredients but savvy amateurs of Japanese food should reconsider. Indeed, you will find more fusion-oriented dishes than good old Isakaya food.Moreover, the place opens pretty late and you might enjoy a late snack once you're done partyin' but you should keep at least one $20 bill to fill you hunger.Overrated and overpriced.
3	I was quite excited to try out Big in Japan as I had heard a lot about it. I really wanted to love this place. However, my experience there turned out to be just okay. I ordered the gyoza dumplings which were a bit too oily and were served on iceberg lettuce. For the main meal, I had the crispy fried pork sandwich. Really yummy, but has quite a bit of mayo in it, so be wary of that. I believe my boyfriend had the spicy chicken on rice; he did not enjoy it at all. This plate also had a ton of the typical Japanese mayo on it, which made him feel like he was eating mayo by the spoonfuls. As for drinks, I had the very tasty house beer and my boyfriend tried out the ramune which he liked as well.The service was perfect. Our server was very attentive, answered our questions, and even went out of his way to bring us some sambal sauce and pepper flakes even if we didn't ask for it (my boyfriend just mentioned he'd like his plate to be super spicy).All in all, cute place, great service, but I don't think I'll be returning.
3	I was going to give this place 4 starts but only had one dish, the gyoza, they were good and it came with a small Japanese dressed salad, it was really good, cheap, and at 2:45am was right on the money.
3	Busy atmosphere and can be a bit of a wait. Food is decent enough and the price O.K.. I did find the most memorable thing about Big in Japan, was the service.
4	Nice decor, when the boyfriend and I stepped into the restaurant/bar, we felt like we were in Marugame, Japan. It gave us the feeling of a small town Japanese town. The waitresses were extremely friendly, telling us about the daily special and although alcohol must be accompanied by a meal, they told us that we could split the $27 daily special.We ordered:-Green tea smoothie-Red bean smoothie-Miso Katsu don-GyozaOf the two smoothies (which were excellent by the way), we were both a fan of the matcha smoothie, it was tasty. Not too sweet, and had a distinct matcha taste. The red bean was a bit too milky for our taste. The gyoza was a fusion of some sort, they were deep fried, but the filling was the normal gyoza pork filling. The miso katsu don was great! I loved the moist rice, the sweetness of the rice complimented the crunchiness of the pork cutlets. All in all, it was a nice dinner.
2	I was hoping to have a great time here, especially after having thoroughly enjoyed the "Big in Japan Bar" up the street. Alas, almost everything about this experience was off. We arrived and sat next to the open kitchen and decided we would order 6 apps, instead of a full meal. The BF ordered a beer and my friend and I were keen on sharing a small bottle of sake. This is where it got weird. Our waitress said that we had to order a meal to have alcohol, because of provincial laws. Um. No, that's not true. She said she'd check with the manager and returned to say, yea, we had to order a main! Okay, whatever. If it were up to me, we would have left right then and headed to Imadake (our original plan!), but it wasn't, so we stayed and complied with the "main" requirement.Some of the items were ordered:Daikon salad - not my favourite but my table enjoyed.Buta Mushi Pain (BBQ pork steamed buns) - I disliked this so much I spit out the bite I took. The pork was bitter, the only thing I liked about the entire thing was the side of salted ginger that was dyed red.Age Goyza (Ravioli) - These were good and crispy. The one thing I actually liked.Agedashi Tofu - was passable, but nothing special, not nearly as good as the one offered at just about any other Japanese restaurants I have been to.Fried chicken - That was okay, but not something I was blown away by. My companions enjoyed it more than I did. Katsu Pork - Overdone, dry, tasteless and boring as all heck. We paid and left - no one commented on the fact that the steamed buns only had 3 bites out of it. But alas, I think they cater to a much to drunk to notice crowd. Whatever, I won't be heading back to this spot again. I actually hate writing bad reviews, but man, this place, I don't know how they are getting such high marks!
1	Never go there. While waiting for a table the manager was berating staff in front of us so we should have known what we were in for. Had the pork buns, they were fine. Very mediocre. Then came the tuna tartare with rice. It looked like canned tuna but tasted worse. As fishy as anything I've ever had and I've eaten raw fish all over the world. I told the waitress it was terrible and asked for it to be replaced with fried chicken. No chance I would order any seafood again. First time in my life I'd ever sent back food in a restaurant. She said sure but returned shortly after to tell us they would not take it back but we could take it to go!!! I asked for the manager who fought with us before walking away. He refused to change the bill. We left but did NOT pay the full amount. NEVER EVER GO THERE.
1	It was a rainy day in Montreal and I had a craving for some hot ramen. Coming from Vancouver, which is spoiled with good Asian food, and having been to Japan a few times, where my taste for ramen originates, I thought I'd give this place a shot. I didn't expect to find authentic Asian food in Montreal to begin with and let me start by saying this place definitely doesn't impress.In terms of its decor, if you're looking for a tacky, run-down 50's theme then this place will shake your milk. I was seated in the "singles" section, at a bar facing the wall - nothing like an appetizing view of peeling paint. Not sure why they didn't make a bar by the bar. I was also disappointed that they didn't have a place to put my umbrella like a real Japanese place would have. They missed that practical feature but put some effort into setting up a display area full of cheap Japanese-looking stationery supplies and an Astroboy figurine by the restrooms. All part of keeping up appearances I guess.As for the food, I ordered the pork "miso ramen." It came in a dirty- and oily-looking brown broth that did not even come close to real miso ramen in taste intensity. It came with a standard soft-boiled egg that was cold on the inside - made me question how long ago it was prepared. The pork had fake grill lines on it - I think it was another move to appease the local Macdo palate. There was a bit of corn thrown in there as well, and some bean sprouts, pho-style! The ramen itself was too soft and could have been instant noodles. To go with the Vietnamese theme, the spoon they provided was a tiny dumpling scooper. Another little detail they missed was that Japanese spice mix that all ramen places have - I guess nobody in Montreal ever asks or even knows what that is. I also saw on the menu that 500 ml bottles of Asahi are $9... Are you kidding me?! The ramen was $12, twice the price you would pay in Japan for the real thing.I paid my bill to whom I thought was the manager, a Chinese-looking man with heavily pomaded hair and 50s looking fake glasses possibly procured from urban outfitters - although most likely from a dollar store.Overall, my meal was nothing special and nothing close to real ramen. This place is tacky, fake, overpriced, and doesn't have good ramen. I don't appreciate the irony of the name either. If I have one good thing to say it's that the menu was simple. Don't let this place ruin your impression of Japan - it has absolutely no resemblance to Japan or to Japanese food.
2	First off, I want to say, I loved the concept.The detailing in our experience was really something else.That being said, the food itself was just OK, considering it was a bowl of ramen for fifteen bucks. Seriously. I could have gotten the same thing at GaNaDaRa in the West End for a fraction of the price.As for the service, while I agree that they do try their best, I'm pretty sure they switched our waitress halfway through because the first one we had didn't speak English.  This was a bit strange, since as a result we waited around to order for some time. They also placed us (a couple on a date) at the bar, nearly a meter away from each other, which made for holding hands at the table quite awkward.I'd maybe suggest just going to this place as a late-night joint? As a dinner date venue, it was something of a let-down.
2	We ordered Gyozas as a starter. To our surprise we saw one of the chefs taking out a bag of store-bought frozen gyozas. What the fuck. Sadly the said store-bought Gyozas were the highlight of the meal! Miso ramen I ordered looked good with two pieces of cha-siu, some menma and a whole soft-boiled egg. Pretty authentic, i thought. Good things first, cha-siu was decent so was the egg. Also noodles had a good pull but broth lacked depth and tasted like a crappy miso soup anyone can make at home. My buddy's miso katsudon was just panko-encrusted deep fried pork on top of rice. No egg, no onion, no soy sauce-based broth. Technically it shouldn't be called katsu "don" at all. Them again this is called "miso" katsudon (which I have never tried) so I might be wrong?This is the second time I was at Big in Japan. I was there when they first opened in 2007 and wasn't impressed then. Well I wasn't impressed tonight either. Was this place really featured in the Montreal episode of Anthony Bourdain's new show? How embarrassing.
2	Yuck. A long wait. The place seemed dirty and smelled bad. Nice staff, but understaffed. And the food was bad in Japan! How do you mess up edamame? We left hungry because the first three dishes ranged from icky to so-so. The beer was cheap.
1	I don't understand why this establishment is popular. We ordered two dishes: Buta don (rice bowl of rice with pork where the best part was...the bland ice) and a very soggy okonomiyaki covered in salad and shrimps. Awful. Does the chef know what an okonomiyaki is supposed to look and taste like? Does the waitress have any clue?Maybe it's because everything is so overly salted that people need to buy a lot of alcohol to quench their thirst, so much that they end up having a good time in the end... it's genius! It's the only possible explanation that I can find. Avoid Big in Japan the Restaurant. I do hear that Big in Japan the Bar is quite good tho.
3	I m quite confused when I ended up here early than planned, after an afternoon of drinking and evening of debauchery.  It was still a civilized time of night, and here I am a little worse for wear.  And I realize this would be the perfect place to get me some drunk Japanese food that it is not yakitori.There is a cheap beer choice and the usual Japanese name brand beers, I off course choose the cheap beer choice because the price difference was significant and I was not in the shape to be a beer snob.  When I got my bowl of rice with pork belly in it I was devouring it up, the sauce was too concentrated for me, the sauce was too salty, the cabbage and rice was a nice complement.  In the middle of my not so sober state with sauce and rice hanging on my chopstick, I looked up and realized that this place had like people on dates and people on regular social outings.I personally wouldn't do the whole dates thing here because the food is not that awesome, and the $$ I paid was a little more than the usual amount I would pay for to fill my stomach after an afternoon of drinking.
2	I've never been too impressed with the service or the food. Most menu items are Japanese brasserie fare, meaning deep-fried and un-exceptional. Flagging down the wait staff for another drinks can also be a challenge.The open concept kitchen let's you watch the staff at work, which is fun, but I've lost count of how many times I've watched the owner verbally abuse and bully his staff over the most trivial of things. It's always made me uncomfortable, and really detracts from the dining experienceI end up back here with groups of friends from time to time, but it's never my choice. There are plenty of other pubs in the area if you're interested in pub group and in the mood to pound beers; but if you're set on a Japanese experience, I'd cross over to the west side of downtown to Imadake.
4	Big in Japan is a favorite of mine that stemmed from before I called Montreal my home.  Their meals are simple twists on Japanese home-style foods and the old adage works here, "If it ain't broke, don't fix it."  My staple here is a Miso Katsu don.  It's one of the cheapest items on the menu and it never lets me down.  The flavors are thought out and the pork cutlet is beautiful.  Be ready for a bit of a line up when you show up though, as many people have already discovered and claimed this gem.  Don't worry though, they take care of you even in line.  A tall frosty Saporo for this guy helped me pass the 10 minutes it took to get a spot to chow down.  Their beer selection is a bit small though and the price can be a bit steep.  Still, a cold brew with your meal will be worth a hit.  If you want more I would recommend you head down the road to either Big in Japan Bar (not the same building) or make your way across to St. Denis and try L'Barouf.  Point being,  if you are looking for a great place on St. Laurent look for the big red ball decorated with katakana.  Big in Japan will become one of those great little stops you will look forward to stopping by to snag a quick bite, or grab some friends and try something interesting and done well.  (I'm telling you.  Try the Katsu don... see the adage above).
2	Very disappointing service so-so, food more than average.
1	Service and atmosphere are OK but food taste really bad! Avoid this place...We ordered the buns and bread was fine but the pork was hard and really not tender. The ramen was actually the worst ramen I ever had. Actually I'm pretty sure the pork was the same cut as the buns. It look like it was pre-cooked frozen pork. The bar is cool, but don't go to the restaurant.
4	I'm a big fan of Anthony Bourdain, and when he visited Big in Japan while shooting for The Layover- Montreal, I added this restaurant to my "Must try" list.  Big in Japan has two locations. The Big in Japan Bar which is on St Laurent & Rachel and then Big in Japan, the restaurant on St Laurent & Pine. I'm talkin about the restaurant. The places looks more like a diner  with Japanese scrolls hangin down the wall. Service is quick and very friendly. One thing to keep in mind, this is not an authetic Japanese joint. Its Japanese fusion cusine. The food is interesting. Liked the curry braised pork. The green tea braised veal cheek was good too. The soy chicken wings are ok. Also pass on the chicken neck. Dunno why they have it on their menu. The Mibo Nasu & Miso ramen are massive.  Portions are HUGE and if you are someone who counts calories, you rather skip. This place won't satisfy your craving for authentic Japanese food. For that there's Imadake / Kazu.  But what Big in Japan promises is that you'll be atleast a size bigger once you stuff your face with this interesting Jap Fusion food.Food -  GoodService - Fast & friendlyAmbiance - CasualWorth the money -Hai
5	This is the best place ever. I come here atleast 3 times a month.. the staff is great the music is phenomenal , so old school I love it. The food is just simply amazing! We always order the same thing the mushi pan , age gyoza , crispy pork on rice & chicken wings! I love itttttt
3	My sandwich was fantastic, but I found the service was a little slow. Also, if you're seated in the middle and it's cold outside (like we were), every time the door opens you will feel like an arctic blast washing over you. They wouldn't move us to an empty table away from the door, because it was apparently reserved. Although it appeared to us that the table in question was later occupied by walk-in customers.Again, the food was very good. I think the prices are a little high, but that's what you get in this location.
4	One of the first places I found to have ramen.  The cold chuka style ramen is just like what you find it in Tokyo.  In the hot ramen the soup is quite rich and they serve it with an amazing soft boiled egg. A great place for a casual meal by yourself or with a group. They also have big meat dishes served family style, which isn't quite Japanese, but is also very popular.  All the portions  are hearty. So make sure to go there hungry.
2	The menu looks somewhat interesting. I was craving noodles so I had the Mabo Nazu ramen which was not so great, the meat was a bit dry and the broth was wayyyy too salty. The portion was very generous though. Although the servers were nice they were hard to get a hold of, I had to keep trying to wave down the waiters to take my order and to pay. Overall, I have had better ramen in many other places. I may return to try some of their other dishes and review again in the future, but the ramen is a dud.
5	I come here once a week. Food is always good. Usually I have Miso Ramen or the lunch special Tina Tataki. I think the Tataki is best in town, if there is anywhere else with a betyer tataki I have not had it.Service can be an issue so come when it's not busy. Also thwir late nite option is great!
4	I dont why this place is 3 stars. The food is great especially its black cod and crab cakes. Its reasonably priced and service is amazing. When I ever I am confused where, this place always come in handy and I have never been disappointed :)
3	Love the music and the ambience. Food is decent to good but nothing to write home about really. The pork buns are probably the best thing on the menu. Ramen is decent but their noodles are very out of the can vibe.
1	This is NOT an authentic Japanese restaurant. I went with a group of friends who eat frequent Japanese food. We all agreed that the food was not good. The miso ramen tasted like instant noodles with msg and salt.The pitcher alcohol for $35 (Ginger and lemon) tasted diluted.... Only people who have never tasted real Japanese food would give this a 5 star, no offense.Stay away.
1	NEVER ORDER MABO NASU .... Taste like nothing -_-#The other special is good but *sighLearned my lesson : be careful when u wanna be ADVENTUROUSBtw service sucksThey can't even let me switch.HAVE TO painfully finish tasteless dishes Worst noodle I had in my life so far
1	What to say about big in japan, in one word : BAAAD!!In a few more words:The food is not authentic Japanese, light years away from perfection usually found in real Japanese restaurants. Ramen soup was too salty and greasy, it really tasted bad. Really a disappointment, go to Ramenya or Kazu, much better culinary experiences than this cafeteria.
3	My friend and I went to Montreal for the day and stumbled upon Big in Japan.Neither of us were particularly hungry but wanted a small snack. We came right at the end of lunch and were told we can order from the lunch menu or the dinner menu if we waited 20 more minutes.We stuck with the lunch menu, but the dishes were all rather big. I did not see any appetizers on the menu.  Also the menu is not very big or anything that resembles a Japanese restaurant in then Western world. We decided on splitting the cold ramen noodle salad. It was huge- two of us stuffed ourselves in order to finish it. The dish itself was rather pretty upon presentation .. Full of color, soft and crunchy ingredients. The dish was tasty.However, the sauce, that was a big part in the dish was way too salty. The atmosphere in here felt a bit strange. I could not pinpoint why, either way, our waitress was very nice and attentive ( we were 2 out 4 people in there) and she also spoke English very well. I hope to get back there to try more and update the review.
4	nice place. plus it's open til 3am! :) had crispy chicken on rice (with special sauce on it!)-- was probably the best japanese food i had by far. didn't find the ramen that good, but I never really had a thing for ramen even before.. the waitress said it's one of the good ones though. will definitely come back.
4	Went to big in japan last Saturday with a girlfriend... Gotta say this is probably my best experience thus far !   I've been to big in japan several times before, some are better than others. It was mostly because of the service, seeing as it usually takes 45min + to prepare my food. However this time, the waitress was extremely friendly, and food was relatively fast (compared to previous experience) and the food was DELICIOUS. We had the age Goyza to start (Japanese dumplings), which was perfectly deep fried and went extremely well with the sauce. Thinking about it gives me the drools right now. Then for the mains, I had the braised pork with rice while my friend had the tonkatsu don (deep friend pork chop over rice). Both were excellent ! I really recommend the braised pork dish ! beware of the portion, it is GIGANTIC. This is the perfect place to go if you want some comfort food before passing out in front of your couch watching netflix. Of course, even though we were both extremely full from our main, we couldn't help but order some dessert. We had the green tea cake with ginger icecream, which i would definitely go back for ! I was surprised how much matcha flavor was in the green tea cake, which paired perfectly with the ginger ice-cream (surprisingly okay! ).   If you're in for some large portion comfort food that's not burgers and pizza, give big in japan a try, think you'll be pleasantly surprised !
3	Having just returned from Japan, I came to here to compare. I didn't expect much but was keen to relive some Japanese dishes. Service was really slow. Staff were nice. Food was "okay".
4	What a fun night we had at this place! No wait for a table, though the seats were horribly uncomfortable (I get that they're retro -- but there's a reason most places have upgraded from molded plastic.) We ordered the green tea-ginger punch right away. It was fabulous, light and fruity and not quite boozy enough for experienced drinkers like us. :)All three of us ordered very different dishes, but they were equally excellent. My husband had a spicy beef ramen with eggplant, about which he is still raving four months later: it had a lovely depth of flavor and was just the right combination of hot, salty and piquant. Our friend ordered a ramen salad that was cooler and lighter: crispy pork, vegetables, and curly noodles. I ordered the tuna tataki, seared and served with lightly-dressed greens -- and I also got some of each of their meals, because they were so huge! Seriously, they don't call it Big in Japan for nothing.Our server was incredibly nice even though she had some difficulty understanding us (we were speaking English in deference to my husband, who doesn't speak French, and the music in there was also really loud.) Next time we visit Montreal, I will make it a priority to return here!
