5	Villa Deli is one of the best neighborhood delis in town, bar none. The staff is ALWAYS friendly and courteous (even when I'm not in the best mood.) Best lunch in town: Their large Italian sub with chips and a drink. They've also got torrone and other Italian treats. There is sometimes a large lunch crowd, but it's never too busy that I can't find a seat. I'm just surprised nobody has reviewed this place yet: It's definitely worth a visit for those who have never been there. It's a good deli run by good people, and I'm glad to see it going strong.
4	Service is Great! - Food was great - No super special sandwiches like Dilly's Deli but what you get is fresh and very good.  They use Boar's Head cheese and meats - Tons of take out stuff if you want to do a Italian dinner night at home with friends and family.  Also have a make at home pizza kit that looked very promising.   If you use Sherpa or a I phone ap please review its what helped me find this place!  I usually won't try a unreviewed place as food is usually poor qauilty in Phx.Bill
4	I have been going to this deli for many years. It has changed locations and chaged owners but its never lost anything along the way. I would say its got better as the years have gone on. By far the best bread in town baked in house everyday. Every party or  get-together i have or go to I will always stop here and grad some bread. They have Boars Head meats which is the best great Italian sausage that comes in from Chicago. They have great lunch specials. They have take home pizza kits. They include the dough, cheese, sauce, and peperoni. They are good! Check this place out if your in the area. The bread is worth going out of your way to get.
4	Villa was our third choice for lunch today. The other two were closed. I am glad they were. Ryan C and I arrived -slightly after- 12:00 because he is always -slightly after- whenever he is supposed to be there, and there was a healthy crowd but plenty of room to sit. There are about 10 tables with about 4 seats a piece. They have a great selection of Boars head meats but the kicker is the bread. Made fresh daily. it really can make a huge impact on the food. I opted for the spaghetti and meatballs dinner with salad and bread. They were out of something for the salad, so I ended up with Ala carte. It was a nice portion of spaghetti and two meat balls. The MB were not huge but not too small either, about 1.5 to 2 inches round. They were homemade and tasted great. No mushy texture just great seasonings. The sauce was excellent. Nice flavor and they didn't skimp om the sauce. I had to have something for the bread to soak up. The bread was a slightly smaller then a softball sized roll. Great crust and soft interior. The bread could have been warmed up to allow the cold butter to spread but I will ask them next time. One cool thing is they have kits for pizza and for pasta. Sort of a do it yourself thing. The pizza could be a fun time for kids or creative adults just the same. I grabbed a frequent diner card because I will be back.
3	Dig it.  3.5 stars.  The chicken parm was decent portion for decent price, but I'm not getting my friend's Italian gramma on the phone or anything.The sauce was the best part, sweet and basily.The daily fresh baked bread (they call a Smiley) was great, but should have been served warm, not fridge cold, in order to appreciate its flavor and texture.  I will go back, but I will have to try out some other items, such as the array of hot or cold sammiches, before I can say I'm a fan.Reading the history of the place on the back of the menu was a little dry, until getting to the part about some poor schlepp who got shot in the restaurant in a previous location and then a few years later plummeted his car over a cliff edge.  Weird.
4	I stop in here every now and then for a Pastrami on a smiley. As everyone says its the bread that makes it. You can buy the bread but I think you have to order in advance for larger orders. The pastrami I had today was saltier than usual but still pretty good. nice staff, clean place. you can buy Board head meats and cheeses by the pound as well.
5	Been going here since high school and now my kids love it too.  Can't find better bread period!  The place and menu are pretty simple and kinda plain but the bread is to die for.  Everything that goes on it is sooo FRESH!  Nothing better than fresh shredded letucce that is crunchy on a classic sub.  An insider tip, they call their Italian dressing 'bug juice'...don't let that scare you.
5	I've lived a stone's throw from this place for 3 years now, and just today got to check it out for the first time.  It's a simple deli that had a good sized lunch crowd.  I had the "sack lunch" combo that included a small sandwich, chips, cookie and a drink for $5 (+tax)!  I had the classic italian and it hit the spot!  Perfect size for lunch, didn't leave the place painfully stuffed.  I'll be back for more!
4	This place is that neighborhood Mom and Pop deli where the owners really get to know their customers.  Definitely has a welcoming and relaxing atmosphere.  Not like one of those chain delis that tries to make your sandwich in record time and push you out the door.They make their own bread and have a good selection of Boars Head meat.  Really can't go wrong with the choices they offer and prices are very low.  If you don't know what you want, just ask and they will suggest their most popular sandwich, an Italian Sub.  Ham, salami, cappicola, lettuce, tomato, and bug juice(Italian dressing) on what they call a smiley roll.Villa Deli has been a staple in the neighborhood for many years and will be for years to come.  Looking forward to my next visit, can't wait!
4	To find a deli that makes their own bread is tough.  To find one who's bread is good enough to write home about is an achievement.  I wouldn't call myself a bread connoisseur, but as a passionate breadmaker I am tough customer. These guys make outstanding bread.  Tender crust (I dislike thick tough crust), great mouth feel, and that classic aroma of fresh artisan bread.They also have fresh WHOLE-Milk mozzarella which is something of a rarity.  Decent selection of meats and cheeses.  Absolutely fantastic staff.
3	went here for a quick bite yesterday and was pleased with the place.it's simple Italian fare, created and served by the friendly owners, and I'd definitely return to sample more of their menu.I had the stuffed shells; creamy cheese filling three large shells, covered in tomato sauce. it was a bit tasteless(could've used some salt, or a pinch of red pepper flakes, and some garlic, and maybe some meat in the sauce), but it was certainly a generous portion.I also had a small Greek salad; lettuce, carrots, a couple of cucumber slices, a couple of kalamata olives and a sprinkling of feta cheese. simple and fresh.on the way out, I bought a good-sized tub of kalamata and oil-cured olives to snack on and O.M.G, those oil-cured olives were...fantastic. briny, nutty, just delicious.I'll be returning to try some of their deli meats(all either Boar's Head or imported), and to get my olive fix :)
5	Been going here for years off and on.Sandwiches for lunch and pizza kits on the weekends.Everything in the deli is top quality.Their homemade bread is incredible.They even have a mini Italian grocery shelf. It is where I can consistently get my San Marzano tomatoes.Love this place!
4	Found myself virtually-not literally- tweaking over business concerns recently and needed to get off the road, take a breath, and reload. Earlier in the day,while briefly boobing on the tube, I happened to catch Andrea Robinson's favorable comment on Villa Deli and I put an organic bookmark on it.  Later that day, and by pure happenstance, Villa was between me and where I needed to be, when I needed that break.Synchronicity is alive and well. Perfect time, perfect place.   Bright, clean, comfortable, uncluttered, friendly and efficient, their $6 sub was exactly the right Rx for sanity on the day. Simple pleasures.
5	Villa Deli has been around a long time.  They have sandwiches and salads for lunch.  It is also a deli you can get ingredients to make your own sandwiches or pasta dishes.  The staff is wonderful, price is right, and food is great.
4	Their meats are fantastic! Not a big fan of the stuff they put on the sandwiches, it's called bug juice or something like that but you can skip it if you don't want it. The service is friendly too. I would go back more and more for sure.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I am from the east coast and since moving here I have found very few places that remind me of home. This place definitely does!!! The service is outstanding, and the food is good. I always order their pastrami Ruben extra kraut and dressing. Best Ruben I have ever had! I think it all has to do with the bread they bake fresh everyday!!! I have taken a few friends to this place and they all thank me and hate me at the same time. They thank me for showing them such an amazing place, and hate me for giving them a new place to be addicted to. Great place to go!
5	Going more frequently. STILL AWESOME!
5	I found this WONDERFUL little ma and pop sandwich shop several years ago when my end-all be-all closed.  PLEASE go here and support this gem.  They bake their own bread daily and take pride in what they serve.  Sandwiches are standard deli classics done well.  I get a hot pastrami with provalone, lettuce, tomato, onion, bug juice and mayo.  YES!My wife gets a hot Italian with the same toppings as above.  The "bug juice" is a creamy italian dressing.I would go here more, but (unfortuantely) like ALL good sandwich shops, they are not open for dinner, or on Sundays.They DO have what is called a "pizza kit", which is pretty cool and makes for a fun night.  What it is a a premade and cured dough ball, pizza sauce, cheese, pepperoni, and some instructions.  It is your job to stretch the dough, put on the toppings, and bake the pizza at home.  Nothing gourmet, but definitely fun and worth the wopping $6.50 they charge for it.I have NEVER left this place unhappy.  EVER.  I've been at least 50 times.  It is one of those places you look forward to going to and when you leave you are wondering why the heck you don't go more.  If you are on the east side, I also recommend Guido's as a solid sandwich shop.R.I.P. Prickley Pear.  Gone but never forgotten.
4	Excellent mom and pop deli! I come here for lunch quite often and I'm never disappointed. The Italian sub is where it's at. I recommend extra bug juice. Good prices on boar's head and other deli favorites mean this place will always be one of my go to stops!
5	My Family and I have been visiting this business and referring our friends and family here for years now. Their selection of Boars head meat and cheeses, authentic Italian cuisine & amazingly incredible smileys keep us always coming back for more!
5	I love Villa Deli! Always clean, always fresh and always friendly. A bit on the spendy side for a sandwich shop, but they use very high quality ingredients so ya gets whats ya pays for, capiche? Get the chicken parm or the Italian, both are great but really anything would be good on their bread. Just wish they were open on Sunday. Oh, grab some meatballs to go too, they will supe-up any of your homemade dishes quite nicely.
4	I always try to go here whenever I am close by at lunch time. I love their Italian subs on FRESH made "smiley" rolls. I like their macaroni salad too. I have always wanted to try one of their pizza kits to-go but I have never been there when I am headed straight home to get it in the fridge. They have a lunch special that I think they call the "Sack Lunch" that will save you a buck or so. The store is always clean and the ingredients are always very fresh. I got to know the previous owner, Joe, pretty well and he is a great guy. He would always come over and start a conversation that was actually a set up for telling me his joke of the day. He had me going the first few times. I have not gotten to know the new owner, Vinnie, very well yet but the food is still the same great stuff and he has changed the seating around a little and moved a big display to make the dining area more efficient. Rumor is that Vinnie has some upscale restaurant experience at a hotel or something and wanted his own gig. I am looking forward to seeing if he can raise the bar on this place that is already pretty high. Unless someone tells you about Villa Deli, you may not just wander in. So I am telling you now. Give this place a try over the other "formula" sub shops and delis and I think you will be glad you did.
5	Nice and friendly service, and the food is great.  Both the pizza and the sandwiches are simply excellent.  They make their own fresh bread, and use quality meats and cheeses.  The white pizza is awesome.  The sandwiches are clearly assembled carefully with evenly-placed ingredients.  Really just the perfect sandwich.It's a simple place, just a deli with a few basic tables.  Order at the counter from the pretty large menu.  Prices are very good.
4	Bomb sandwiches and fresh baked bread!
4	I love Villa Deli and have been going for years.   I went for lunch today and they now sell Pizza and are under new ownership.  The sandwiches are still the best and of the highest quality.  The pizza was pretty good as well, I wish they would sell one slice but you have to buy two.  The one thing that is missing is the friendly service the old owners used to provide.  The service was not bad but there was no conversation or anything more than taking your order and thanking you while paying.  I think the charm of this place was how the old owner used to come out and talk to everyone and just made you feel good about being there.    Keep up the good work, but engage with your customers more and I promise they will keep coming back!   Good Luck
5	Fantastic bread, boars head meats, killer Sicilian pizza, this is my new go to Italian deli..They have been there for 23 years, so they have honed their craft pretty damn good.. The prices are super reasonable given the quality.. I'm going tonight to get a Beef on Wick.If you have never had one, you are missing out!
5	These guys are amazing! Very clean, good portions, fresh, served fast. Always friendly, efficient, and focused in their service. Everything I've had is great so far. People seemed to have passion in what they do...I respect that!
5	Awesome little deli. I eat here all the time, and am never let down. Some of the best fresh italian bread I've had. They use it on their sandwiches but you can also buy it separate if you want to use it with your own sandwiches. Also, they sell boards head lunch meat at a great price.
5	This Deli was opened by our family friends. I would go there to have lunch with my dad and to get my favorite sandwiches. The bread is to die for! I actually crave these rolls. The service is not fussy, humble, and famly oriented. We love it.
5	I recommend this place to anyone who enjoys authentic italian deli style sandwiches. I ordered their specialty sandwich with prosciutto, fresh mozz, olive oil, peppers and it was outstanding!! The only reason I wouldn't get it again would be to try something else on the menu. The bread alone was good enough to be eaten by itself. There was little to no wait to have our orders taken and plenty of seating available, which is not easy to find when looking for a place to eat lunch at noon during the week.Don't be fooled by the surroundings, this place is a must try for all!
5	Awesome pastrami on fresh made toasted bread! Manhatten Special coffee soda! What else do you need?
5	Ordered sausage & pepperoni pizza, sausage was really good & so was crust, not too thick & not paper thin. Sandwiches looked good too, prices seem very low, but I sure won't complain about that!!!
5	Sandwiches are my favorite. I have tried so many types from so many places and Villa Deli is definitely my first choice. Their sandwiches far surpass any I have ever tried. I crave them and when I get to have a sandwich from there I get butterflies. Heaven. Not to mention you're supporting a local mom and pop restaurant that truly deserves it.
5	I have been coming here off and on now for the last 15 years, having lived right down the street until I moved away for college. The quality of food, the friendliness and promptness of the service, and the family-style environment of the place absolutely shines. This is the quintessential "neighborhood Italian deli", and we're lucky to have them.For those not in the know, this fine establishment has been around for over 40 years, having gone through several changes in ownership during that time, while maintaining a consistently high quality of food and family-oriented business. In addition to offering a wide array of Boar's Head meats and cheeses, as well as homemade pasta, antipasti, and potato salads, Villa Deli also has a mini-mart stocked with traditional Italian fare (pastas and sauces, jarred antipasti, Italian ices, biscotti, etc.). The backbone of this deli/mart/restaurant, however, is their freshly-baked Italian bread, made from scratch early every morning at 430am. Nothing compares to a fresh Smiley roll straight from the oven-- Don't believe me? Arrive at 10am, while they're still warm. (You're welcome ^_^).Oh, and be sure to say Hi to Joey for me, one of the owners. He's been there for quite a few years now, and he's a large part of why they're such an established brand in our neighborhood. In addition to being a great cook, he's also quite a nice guy, as well as an avid Family Man.Cheers!5/5P.S. They also build 2ft, 3ft, and 4ft Party Subs, in case you're looking to cater for a party or business event. DEFINITELY give them a call-- they're a great value, and your guests will love it!
5	I have loved this place for about 20 years.  I have moved several times, each time farther from Villa Deli, but I still make the drive back for those wonderful party subs, with fabulous meat and tantalizing dressing. Their salads, especially the artichoke salad, is a real treat, and I love their basic sandwich as well.  So much better than a franchise, this place is a quiet treasure.
4	Just ate here tonight at it was pretty darn good! Got the hot pastrami with everything but olives on the smiley, fiance got the Italian beef on a smiley, we got an order of potato salad and a small cannoli. Sandwiches tasted fresh, the smiley tasted great toasted, and the potato salad was delicious. I didn't care for the cannoli, not because of the taste but because the cream filling had a thick, sticky consistency, almost like peanut butter. Like it kept getting stuck to the roof of my mouth and I had to wash it down with a lot of water. Also the smiley's were kind of small for the price but I think you are paying for the quality ingredients. Overall though we were very satisfied and will be returning!I definitely want to try their pizzas next!
5	One of the best deli sandwiches in town.  The bread is incredible and the staff is as friendly as it gets.  I popped in right before they closed the other night unsure if they would still be able to make everything.  They were nothing but appreciative of my business, instead of the eye rolling that you can get at places that you hit up right before they close.  Great job Villa Deli!
5	I have been here twice already in the past week and boy do I love it! My boyfriend and i have started to make it a habit of coming here after work, the sandwiches are amazing, the selection of meats are awesome, and the service is great. The owner comes in at 4am everyday to make fresh bread, he's such a nice guy. I will probably be there later today after work and ill post a pic.
4	I got the Italian on a smiley roll and the hubby got the Italian on a large sub roll.  He got his with extra meat.  When you ask for extra meat, they give it to you!  It was even too much meat for him!  I love that they put Italian dressing on the subs because it makes them taste so much better. The ordering process was a little confusing.  It looked like one register was for ordering meats to take away and the other side was for ordering food, but there were people standing everywhere so it wasn't' clear.  The menu wasn't terribly clear either. A few people came in to pick up footlong subs while we were eating and they looked good!  Villa Deli is the place to get party subs for sure!
4	The Italian was good, so was the chef salad.I wasn't blown away, but I was satisfied.Clean and well air-conditioned.
5	Yum, I love this place. Great sack lunch special. The bug juice is delicious! The fresh baked bread is soooo good. The current staff can sometimes be dickholes but I am still gonna give them 5 stars cuz it's all about the food!
5	Good quality food and very clean.   Expedited customers through very quickly!   Would eat here again for sure!!!   Even have a small Italian pasta area for your hard to find Italian pastas!
4	Finally found a decent sub sandwich in AZ! So glad this place is around the corner from where I live. The deli meat seems to be good quality. The turkey was very good, and fresh, the roast beef was definitely good quality meat, however, it wasn't red like I'm used to, it was more gray in color, it smelled fine though, and I didn't get sick, so not sure if it was on the verge of being old or not? Maybe could have been fresher. Lady at counter seemed pleasant, not overly friendly, but nice enough. The place is also very clean. I noticed that they sell Cento Italian products and also pizza dough and ingredients to make your own pizza at home. Will definitely go back and going to try the pizza next time!
3	Not the best deli in town though probably the cleanest.  The place is spotless which made for a nicer experience.  The issues are first, they are not very inviting when you come in especially being new to the deli.  Someone could at least say hello and provide a pointer.  They also do not have a very large selection in the deli although they do seem to have quite a few sandwiches and other meal options.  Being brand new, the counters are a little confusing so some extra signage would be nice.  The deli meat and cheeses are mostly Boar's Head and pretty tasty.  A bigger selection would make for a bigger draw of customers perhaps.  A little friendlier when visiting and maybe some extra help for new people would make this place shine.  They do have a nice selection of various options that you may not find anywhere else (like Avocado oil).
2	If I was only writing about the food, I would give Villa Deli 4 stars. Their smiley subs are very tasty. However it's the service I have received on multiple occasions which forces me to give them a two star rating. Last summer when my boyfriend and I moved up to Phoenix, we were going to Villa Deli almost every week day for three months. You think during that time the people working there (especially the man with the dark hair who I think owns the place, as well as the woman with dark hair that is there most of the time) would have warmed up to us, being regulars and all, but that is not the case. I was irked to notice that upon entering, we were never greeted, and upon leaving we were never acknowledged either. This wouldn't have been a big deal unless I noticed that their other, older, customers were always acknowledged upon entering and exiting. Ok. So I guess as younger customers in our mid twenties, we don't deserve the same respect? This was a little frustrating but I let it go. However I decided I needed to comment on this after the latest incident that occurred. We were eating there the other day as we have moved up to Phoenix again for the Summer, and I went up to the counter to ask for a box. The dark haired lady saw me, but proceeded to walk out from behind the counter to another table of customers (older of course) right next to our table and ask them if they would like a box. She goes back behind the counter, grabs them a box, once again sees me and ignores me, and goes back out to give them their box. So after doing that, did she finally acknowledge me standing at the counter? NOPE! She walks back out and goes to the drink station and proceeds to clean and mess around at the drink station for a few minutes. Finally she comes back to the counter, and acknowledges me. No apology for the delay, just her acting like she's doing me a favor by grabbing me a freaking box after she just went out the the table right next to us and offered to grab them a box. During all of this, there is a younger blonde woman behind the counter with gloves on making sandwiches. She kept glancing at me, and I thought maybe she felt bad about me standing there all that time, but made no attempt to tell me "someone will be with you in a moment", nor did she get the black haired woman's attention to help me, she just let me stand there as well with no acknowledgment. Shame on you, Villa! You should treat all of your customers with the same respect, regardless of age. We have spent a lot of money there, and have never been anything less than very polite, but the people working there don't seem to feel that we deserve the same level of treatment as we have witnessed them giving their other customers. Well since our business certainly doesn't seem to matter to you, you won't miss us as customers.
5	It's home for me!! The best sandwiches made on fresh baked bread!! The Best Pizza Pie in town! Family Owned 5 Star ask for Vinny!
5	Absolutely Delicious!Driving through AZ on my way East.. This place had good reviews and the pics looked yummy. Used the "order on line" feature... Ordered sandwiches ( reuben, italian beef) and 2 salads(macaroni and potato) SOOOooo gooood! Try em out!
4	A nice neighborhood delivery with good Italian eats. Vinny the owner is a very sweet guy.
5	This is a very good local deli. The bread is the bomb. I just love Italian bread that is just lightly crusted on the outside and really soft (but not mushy) on the inside. And the sauce is very good too. Sometimes I just get the Smiley and sauce. Just as a side note, they no longer carry the Sicilian sandwich.
4	Great place to get a pizza. It's always good and very consistent. The only complaint I have is their hours but it's a small ran family business.
5	Although they request 3 days for large orders I requested a large lasagna to be picked up the following day.  Not only did they go out of their way for me, it was delicious, fresh and hot when I picked it up.  It came with the best bread in town!  There are few places that you can feed 25 people for less then $4/person and have everyone satisfied.  I just added a salad and presented a wonderful meal...even the big guys were satisfied!   Thank-you Villa Deli!
5	So delicious. We just move to the neighborhood and we'll be back!
4	Quality meats, breads,  ingredients!  Sandwich was so good!   the toasted pastrami with everything smiley and the meatball sub were so delicious!  The cannoli was so scrumptious!  The potato salad was good, a tad bland for my taste.  The service was very friendly.  It was my first time there but I felt like a regular.  It was clean.  Plenty of seating.   Highly recommend!
5	I grew up with Villa Deli!  The bread is made fresh and the smiley is the best!  Check out their dinners to go!  They are tasty and simple!  The spaghetti dinner is my kind of meal, just add water for the pasta!
