5	After capturing the star of Alderonand completing my quest through the depths of the terraI followed Spartakus through the taro,Desperately seeking Arakana for inspirationLooking for a sun beneath the sea.Somehow it led to Wal-Mart, where I found a box full of yellow highlighters. Enlightenment achieved! Sweet! (And apologies if the reference is lost, ever since the great cataclysm nothing has ever been the same. Someday the children will lead us to light.)
4	Cut back on our grocery bill considerably.  Fry's was a lot more expensive.  I like that the aisles are big and roomy. Not as clean and neat as other Walmart's I've been in but it has what I need.The produce could be better. Other than that I'm a fan. =P
3	Remodeled in recent years, though has about the same percentage of W.T. as before.  Thankfully they don't allow smoking, as I would not want to have shopped by the young lady who extinguished her mini cigar before entering the store.  Was she pregnant?Prices are reasonable and selection isn't as good as the much larger wal-mart locations.  Parking is fair.
3	This is not the best Walmart I have been in but it is the closest to where I live so I find myself here quite often since they did the remodel and upgrade to a Super Center.  The layout is completely different that many other stores, in part because they only had so much square footage they could add on the existing property and they had to do it within the shape allowed.  When it first reopened as a Super Center they had a lot of problems with stock outs and expired food items.  That has improved considerably but still is a problem some times.  The store and parking lot are kept reasonably clean, especially compared to some stores is other neighborhoods.
1	On Sunday my family was here visiting from California and after a day of shopping, this Wal-mart was the most convenient location for me to shop for some quick groceries. Upon walking into this Wal-mart, the unprofessionalism of the staff at this location was shocking to me, and this Wal-mart was very unmaintained.The door greeter was hitting on some girl and they had an "Asset Protection" employee going along with it. Ignoring that, we continued our shopping, upon checkout the cashier demanded everyone's IDs for the beer we were purchasing. I explained to the cashier that the purchase was being made by my father and I was not going to be involved in the consumption of the liquor but she still demanded to see everyone's IDs. I understand that stores can set their own liquor policies but the rudeness of this staff member was ridiculous. I also explained to her that their policy was faulty, and asked her why she is carding all the adults but not the children. I walked away to avoid further confrontation while my father purchased everything else.Upon exiting this Wal-mart, their "Asset Protection" asked to see my receipt. Obviously this Wal-mart is run by idiots who do not understand that they cannot ask to see someone receipt without either a written statement placed in plain view explaining that they reserve the right to see receipts (Fry's Electronics), or written in the contract upon joining a club store (Costco, Sam's). This Wal-Mart is a joke and should be avoided.
5	This store opened about the time I moved into Glendale two years ago and I have been regularly shopping here since then. Just like any other Walmart, they have awesome prices, exceptionally large range of products, and a price match guarantee. The quality of products such as fresh fruits and vegetables is also very good.
1	is there a such thing as a nice or clean walmart?not yet
2	Ive seen better stocked Walmart in my time.... Ive been to this location a lot do to location and it seems as if i want something there always out of it.... anywhere from food to car parts... pretty annoying... staff is friendly though.... also there's no tire and lube place here but that's all right
1	This walmart is so raunchy and busy with creepy people. The store itself is not clean or organized well either.  I try to stay away from this location, but my child forgot socks when we went bowling up the road. I definitely made sure we were in and out.
4	I have never been too big of fan of Walmart.  However, lets face it.  They are open 24 hours 7 days a week and when you need something such as pet food, cat litter, boxers just to name a few after you get off work at 10PM then its nice knowing SOMEPLACE  is open that offers reasonable prices.  The associates at this store are friendly and are helpful.  Everytime I am there shopping I have always been asked if I needed help finding something and or they simply say hello which is rare anymore anywhere you go these days.  It's funny because its an sincere hello not an automatic its your job to say hello like at QT.  Its sincere not robotic.Customer service is better here at this store than most Walmarts.  Walmarts are touch and go.  You have your good ones and your bad ones.  This location is as good as it gets for a Walmart.  So, Yay !  I'm a fan.
3	WALLYMART! The freaks are out in force today!
1	I think its time America got rid of Walmarts.
3	It a Walmart, yelp. Stop asking me to review it. I go here when I need stuff from here but prefer target. It's just a personal preference. They offer a lot. I was really happy they had goat milk here but now every time I go they are our. Kind of,frustrating.
4	I will go out of my way to go to this Wal-Mart. The store is clean and not messy and crazy like the one on Northern and 55th ave in Glendale.
2	This was probably one of the worst Walmart I have ever been to. Inventory was very low, everything was out of order. And the biggest issue was trying to find someone who works there! I could have lived with the mess, customers act like the own the place and just throw things around. But when your're trying to find something with no success. It would be nice to have some help. Now this place is huge, one of those Super Walmart. One stop store that has both retail and grocery. Getting out was pretty easy, just went to one of the self check out. Not a big fan of the big box stores, but this location has a lot of issues.
5	This walmart is so clean..u don't feel weird leaving ur car unattended and not feel like it was going to get broken into...The people are nicer and everything is very open easy to find. ..i just stumbled across this walmart last night and I'm will drive to this one the people who shop there are better..Some walmart you don't want to leave your car too long ....nicer neighborhood
5	I went to school nearby and visited this wal-mart frequently the employees were very friendly and helpful. Of course the prices were very good. This is the reason I became a diehard Walmart fan and tolerate the crappy run walmart near my house in santa clarita, ca.
3	This Walmart location is usually heavy in foot traffic and harder to find parking in a decent proximity to an entrance.They are also not as well stocked as some other locations.Location of this Walmart is the great option located right on Bell near many other shops.Across from sprouts and a michael's in the same plaza.
3	This Wal-Mart is fairly nice. I've definitely been to worse. It's one of the larger super stores and offers a good selection on most items. It's clean but still seems cluttered most of the time. The checkout lines are slow at times, which is frustrating. Otherwise, pretty much what you would expect.
3	This location has some interesting characters who shop here. There is a better location on 83rd ave and union hills and is worth the extra drive. They do always have what you need here just kind of sketchy after dark. They must have a lot of theft because they check your ticket when you leave.
1	I hate Walmart in general.... THIS Walmart is the worst. It's always dirty with long lines and disgusting people. I pay 2x more to go to target.
