4	Late nite munchies and beer a winner on Leith. With their fantastic bar menu this place has become a real late night hit with Leithers. As one of the only places with a 2/3am closing time this place has become a buzz with late night customers. They serve up some cracking naans and dahls as well as an assortment of tasty seafood done in stunning fresh tasty sauces.!! If you have read many of my reviews you will know how I feel about seafood, they have theirs delivered fresh from newhaven ona regular basis and it really shows. For a meal its not a place for a quick bite to eat, best to order some nibbles and enjoy a beer as due to the fact the food is made to order the waiting times can be quite long. but hell is it worth it, lip smackingly good spice and ferocious flavour!! JD = Happy man! P.s. A must try for any Leither.P.p.s Non Leithers stay away its our you cant have it
4	We have been a few times and we've always had great service and fantastic food. Their indian tapas is a great deal, and their dahl is my favourite in Edinburgh.A great addition to Leith
4	Had a lovely meal at Guchhi on Saturday night. The place was busy, but overall it didn't feel harried to dine there - in fact, it was the opposite. The tapas dishes were tasty (black lentils - all chipotle smoky goodness, what a surprise!) with only the chargrilled prawns feeling like the poorer child, but only in flavour, but beautifully cooked. Aloo chana was fantastic and sealed the meat-eating Silent Reviewer's fate as a chickpea lover (it won't be long now til I get him off bovine and onto bream and broccoli!). Sweet and sour haddock had a lovely delicate flavour - much more understated than that of the Chinese variety. For me, I wasn't a big fan of the naans we ordered, I found them too thin and dry, but the SR disagreed on that particular point. And 2-3 tapas dishes - more than plenty, especially when sharing, even though I really did want to squeeze in the scallops with chilli butter, we just couldn't. But, it's a place I want to return to, so hopefully next time, I will.
4	I really enjoyed Guchhi. I thought the quality of the dishes was very high, and the tapas selection had a really good variety to it. Service was first rate and I liked the decor of the place, too. Well worth a visit, I'd say.Overall, we said: "Guchhi was really rather good, offering satisfying dishes at a very reasonable cost. It's a great late place, given that it serves until 2am, so I can imagine it's somewhere we may well visit again for late evening nibbles."
3	Swings and roundabouts I have to say for Guchhi....I've been here a number of times as it is literally 3 minutes walk from where I live and tapas in any cuisine is my preferred way of eating. The first couple of times I went my partner and I loved it. The quality of the meat, seafood and cooking was excellent. The same goes for the service, excellent. However recently when we've been in we've had mix ups with our order (which we ended up paying for) and the quality of the dishes served just didn't seem to be up to scratch. I ordered the Chicken Pakora in there last weekend and some of the chicken came out raw in the middle...not good if you're nearly 6 months pregnant like me.I don't think I'll be back there until a number of reviewers convince me otherwise to be honest - such a shame as it does have potential...
5	This place is the best Indian food my wife and I have ever had.The service is excellent the atmosphere is perfect. If you Havant been you have to go. You won't be disappointed trust us.Scott&Nikki
2	I went to Guchhi on a Saturday evening a couple of weeks ago. 2 stars might appear a bit frugal to some of the Yelpers who swear by this place but I can assure you I did not make the decision lightly. It was carefully calculated by using a system which shall be explained in detail if you read on. The waiter took our drinks order and asked us if we wanted Poppadums to start with which we said yes to. The poppadums arrived with mango chutney and a hot and sweet onion dip which we demolished within seconds We ordered 4 items from the Tapas menu - The Chilli Tandoori Kind Prawns, Chilli Butter Scallops, Butter Chicken and Lamb Rogan Josh with Pilau Rice and Peshwari Naan. The waiter appeared a bit concerned that we only wanted 4 Tapas dishes between us and asked us several times if we were sure we only wanted those many. He almost seemed like a salesman whose commission earned was directly proportional to the dishes we ordered. The Chilli Tandoori King prawns - beautifully spiced and cooked to perfection - 5 stars Butter Chicken - pretty average - 2 starsLamb Rogan Josh - lamb was nice and tender but the sauce wasn't very flavoursome and missed the oomph that I had expected. - 2 starsThe Chilli Butter Scallops - Highly disappointing. We got 4 tiny (circumference of just over a 5 pence coin) scallops in their shells smothered in sauce which completely overpowered the delicate scallops - 1 starThe score averages to 2.5 stars. It may seem unfair but I had to take away 0.5 for being charged separately for the dips that were served with the poppadums which we hadn't explicitly ordered. It could've just been a bad day at the office for the chef and I do hope I am more impressed the next time I visit.
