5	It was a great pleasure seeking help from Merritt at Thermal-medics. He was very prompt, courteous, friendly and highly skillful in diagnosing my HVAC problem. My fairly new (lil over 5 years) central AC unit was shutting down on its own without cooling the house after running for few minutes in scorching AZ heat. I am engineer  and handy myself and tried to tackle the problem on my own. I ran all sort of diagnostics and tests but could not nail the issue. Frustrated, I called some service companies to come out and check my unit. The company that originally installed it told me that it was a bad expansion valve, and they would charge me $800 to fix it, Tech from another company told me it was a bad compressor and since the unit was out of warranty it would cost me $1500 to replace the compressor, I decided to get a third opinion so I called another company, the tech from that company told me that my unit was just a poor unit, and the problem could be with anything, suggesting I purchase a new unit. Needless to say the results of my own tests and  diagnosis did not convince me that the issue was either the compressor, expansion valve or just it being a poor unit. I kept searching forums online for a possible cause of the problem which lead me to thermal medic website. I contacted Merritt and he replied immediately diagnosing my problem to a bad condensor motor. He was right on spot. The motor had a bad bearing causing it to run really hot and shutdown the AC due to thermal protection. I replaced the motor for $150 and voila the AC is back to as good as new. I am glad I contacted Merritt and not fall for replacing parts or the unit unnecessarily. He helped me diagnose and fix the issue via email. Awesome work!!!
5	Merritt helped me out big time with trouble shooting over the phone. Great guy and the website is great. If you are in doubt of something, I'd be wise to call him first before you call another company. He's like the Robinhood of the AC biz in AZ right now. No, he didn't pay me to write this.
5	Merritt is an Advocate for homeowners.  After bad service from a Large HVAC service provider, Merritt helped me get on the right track.He got me the service I needed, and gave me enough information to help be get 100% of my money back from the problem provider.The Super Hero of HVAC?  The Robinhood reference from another review works too!
5	Great service!  My unit went down early Sunday morning.  I sent an email and sure enough got a call back within 20 minutes.  Merritt came out and diagnosed the problem.  Unfortunately he didn't have the necessary part but, did return with it well before the time he said he'd be back.  Super nice guy, great service, honest - what more can you ask for?
5	Folks look no further!! As a retired union electrician with nearly 30 yrs under my belt I feel I am a good judge when it comes to other tradesman. I repair everything in my home. From rebuilding my clothes dryer to replacing water heaters, furnaces, whatever it is. My air wasn't working and I diagnosed it to be fan motor on the A/C unit. As I searched for the part I came across THERMAL MEDICS. I been around the block and as we all know there is no such thing as FREE. But Merritt at Thermal Medics boasts FREE A/C advice and help. I couldn't find his "catch" after reading and rereading. So I decided to bite and give him a call for my parts. In just minutes he confirmed that I appeared to be on the right track and he had the parts. I was happy!! But then Merritt says he will drop them off  and be more than happy to take a look at what I have and test the capacitor. Now I'm stumped? Is this real? The days events led me to pick the parts up from Merritt. And it wasn't "heres yours parts thank you sir". He pulled out electrical meters and proceeded to draw out diagrams and ask if I had questions. With 30 yrs in the field it was straight forward. But Merritt knows his stuff and it shows!! And then tells me to give him a ring if I have ANY questions. Folks Im still scratching my head!! This man and his company is about as straight forward and genuine as it gets. This company will thrive and ALWAYS be successful with his simple business ethic that glows like a neon light--- TREAT PEOPLE RIGHT AND FAIR!!  I figure he saved me a minimum of $375 and thats if I found a fair contractor. Merritt I thank you again for your help and expertise... FIRST CLASS!
2	I had high hopes for Merrit.  Unfortunately I didn't have a very good experience.  Asked for quote on installing new AC and initially was quoted for a 4 Ton Airtemp with a very fair price.  Then I couldn't quite reach them on the phone.  Turned out that Merrit response to e-mail better.  Got a response and the quote became 100 lower, which is good.  When I was finally serious for installation and asked for a formal quote, I was told that suppliers pricing went up and became a 3 ton unit for 400 dollars more.  Wrote back and asked why the discrepancy but never heard back.Bummers.
