4	Great experience. Restaurant was clean, nice size.  Plenty of parking, well located, parking lot clean.  The staff was polite, friendly and great customer service.  The food was hot, tasted fresh and received pretty quickly.  Good portions.Don't hit fried chicken for fast food very much, but this KFC made me glad I did!
1	2nd worst fast food experience of my life. At the drive thru menu, we ordered 2 Double-Downs and a 10piece boneless meal w/ mac n cheese and mashed potatoes (the cashier repeated our order back to us). Once we got to the window, we had to repeat our entire order for the cashier as if he didnt catch any of it the first time. I thought that was a red flag but took it as a sign that at least they wouldnt be messing up our order... NOPE!We got home and opened our food only to realize that the mac n cheese our toddler had been begging for was switched out with cole slaw! As if that wasnt enough to irritate me, ALL of the chicken was way overcooked, dry, and tough... And since bad things come in 3's, it's only right that our double-downs were horrific too. I've had at least a dozen double-downs in my life and this was the only time I've ever seen KFC use what was basically 3"x1" chicken strips. Also, they were served without bacon.I was STARVING when I ordered my food but had absolutely ZERO appetite when I got home and saw the food. I was so upset about my $35 order that I actually called them. I spoke with the shift leader and what was his solution to the problem?? Free food!! Why the hell would I want MORE of that "food"?!! Absolutely ridiculous.And the icing on the cake? When my wife drove back to speak with someone in person, the place was closed!! The door said they close at 11pm... Ummmm, it was 10:15pm. Seriously?!! Corporate WILL be getting a phone call first thing in the morning.
1	I would give them no stars, but we are forced to give something. Here is letter that I sent to their corporate office and sums up my visit:I haven't been to this KFC in a while and decided to visit this afternoon. After paying for my order, I noticed a .39 "SVC FEE". I questioned it and the lady at the counter said that the owner has decided to start charging the fee a couple of months ago because the merchant service company you use has increased fees. I take issue with this for 4 reasons:1 - I was not notified ahead of time of the fee and was not allowed to opt out by buying lunch elsewhere. THIS IS ILLEGAL AND THE STATE ATTORNEY AND OTHER CONSUMER WATCH GROUPS WILL BE NOTIFIED OF YOUR PRACTICES TODAY2 - A fee such as this can be as high as 40% on a single item in your stores. THIS IS BEYOND A REASONABLE FEE. 3 - There is not a single fast food restaurant in Surprise that charges such fees.4 - This was charged on my DEBIT CARD and not my credit card. Charging such fees is against the policy with my bank because of the lack of disclosure.I am extremely disappointed that KFC would operate under such devious business practices as to shirk the public for fees that you are unable to manage by choosing another merchant services company or factoring it into your business pricing so that it is not an egregious attempt to charge fees as high as 40%.You should be ashamed of yourselves.
