5	Vastly underrated Thai. I always like to try other Thai restaurants to see if I'm missing out on anything but always gravitate back to Sing Thai. It is a small restaurant tucked away in Stockbridge and has an intimate atmosphere. Food is always fresh and dishes that claim to be spicy genuinely are. Lucky, the owner, is a great guy and always has time to chat, even when the restaurant is packed. Beef Yum salad is the best in town.
4	A lovely little restaurant with nice intimate settings. Food was lovely and so fresh tasting - king prawn and chicken satay starters were excellent. Was looking forward to mixed fish dish for the main but they were out of scallops which was a bit disappointing. However they made up by substituting them with octopus. Have had takeaway from here in the past and been impressed. Recommended.
5	My boyfriend and I visited this restaurant on Tuesday 18th December, whilst staying in Edinburgh after reading some great reviews on Yelp. I was hankering for some Thai food and decided on this restaurant as the prices seemed very good too. We walked from our hotel which was just opposite the Portrait Gallery, and it took between 10-15 mins, which included me tackling cobbled hills in heels in the rain; but boy was the journey worth it! It was 9.40 when we arrived and we had booked our table. The waiter was very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about the menu. I had the mushroom and coconut milk soup for start which was delicious; this is my favourite thai dish so it had to be had! It was wonderful, one of the best I have had. My boyfriend had the same but without the coconut milk; this was much hotter, but very nice. The waiter warned us of the heat which is good if you don't do well with hot food. For mains I had the vegetarian thai red curry which was also very tasty, and had a good kick to it.  The boy had the vegetarian version of the dish with the oyster sauce which was AMAZING! I hadn't tried it before as I tend to stick with what I love in thai food, I would absolutely recommend this dish! A few people came in afterwards, so it was nice to have some others eating late, which is something I enjoy about eating in Europe that is missing from the UK. I would 100% recommend this restaurant. There were a few Thai eateries in the area and we were both pleased we'd picked this one. A lovely gem in a nice quiet area of Edinburgh.
