5	I go here only to get my bikini waxed.There are two of the cutest Hungarian old lady twins who do everything.There's not too many places cheaper in Vegas than $60 and the one I went to that was turned out to be pretty bad.I dunno which twin I get everytime but to me, the least painful bikini wax are the quickest ones. It seriously takes under 4 minutes. I always think there's gonna be stuff left behind but I look down and, whoa, it's all gone! They prefer cash and definitely call to make an appointment because they are always booked.
5	I can't say enough about these two dynamic ladies.  I've been going to them faithfully for more than 10 years now and can't imagine what I'd do if they stopped service!  Not only are they the sweetest, kindest women but they are so very talented and really know their stuff.  For those of you that get waxed, you know what I mean!  If they aren't the best it shows!  Want the highest quality work in a place where you feel comfortable (as comfortable as one can while getting waxed!) then visit Magdolna and Julianna at Kiss's Salon  for all your waxing and facial needs.  I promise you'll be hooked after 1 visit!
5	I've been going to Magdolna for 4 years for all my waxing needs.  I drive all the way from Summerlin just for her.  She makes me feel very comfortable and makes everything as painless as possible.  Both her and her sister are very professional plus they have the best sense of humor and the best prices.  I won't go anywhere else!
5	I've been coming to Magdolna & Juliana for over 10 years now and I wouldn't go anywhere else for a Brazilian wax.  These sisters were actually some of the first aestheticians in Las Vegas to offer this kind of waxing, and you can certainly tell that they know what they're doing!  I've heard horror stories from people regarding Brazilian waxes, but I've always had a great (as great as that can be!) experience here.  They are very professional, clean and quick-which is very important as you don't want to be there any longer than you need to be. ;)  I never have stray hairs and I always leave happy.  I highly recommend them for any waxing needs!
5	I have been getting my waxing done by Magdolna since I was 16 years old and there is NO ONE else on the planet that I would trust to wax my bikini area..except for her sister Juliana!  Over the last 26 years there have been a handful of times when I needed a wax and Magdolna wasn't available for some reason but Juliana was always willing to take me in!  I've even moved from Vegas to CA now and I STILL come back here to get my legs waxed!  I did reluctantly try, once or twice, an alternative salon that was closer to where I live, but I did not feel as comfortable as I do with Magdolna, I didn't feel like they were even comfortable with their ability, they didn't do nearly as good of a job AND they burned my skin!  I have never had anything but wonderful experiences with these amazing ladies over the last 26 years and have nothing but high praise for them!  I have had everything from my lip & brow to my underarms to a full leg & bikin wax done over the years and they never let you down.  Also, because they are so sweet and friendly and chatty, it helps to take your mind off of the few minutes of pain you might be experiencing! Pain that is well worth it though!  Their salon is always pristinely clean and so welcoming. They also do facials and skin treatments.  They are ABSOLUTELY wonderful!  Hopefully they will be around for another 26 years!
1	I don't like waiting. My appointment was at 6.  and I waited 30 min. When she did come out she was in conversation with another client and made me wait longer. I ended up leaving and she didn't even apologize. Don't know where all the good reviews are coming from!!!
5	Love these girls ! I have been with them for 0ver 15 years !
