5	Great Coffee-Fast Service! Try an Iced Toddy and Blue Berry Muffin.
4	Cutest atmosphere! Their menu is spelt out in Scrabble pieces and birds are all over the place... but in a understated way not a hipster way. I ordered the iced white mocha and it was great. I'm not a big coffee person but it was just right with the whipped cream on top. Couple behind the counter were sweet too.
4	If Giant Coffee and Lux had a baby, it would be Songbird. The shop is similar to Giant's small, simple space, but encompasses the hipster flare of Lux with its vintage knick knacks and comfy, loungey furniture.However, Songbird has a rebellious streak. If you want goat milk in your coffee, they've got it. They sell a variety of burritos right alongside their bakery selection. Their menu is written with Scrabble tiles. They don't make their own granola, they make Bertha's Cafe make it. Their almond milk latte is twice as intense as anywhere else's. It's not nutty. It's espresso-y. Bitter. Punch you in the face good, definitey not "shall we have a biscuit with this?" kind of good. If you find yourself yearning for the teenaged love child of coffee shops you've already found and conquered, give Songbird a try. It's pretty bad ass. I mean, goat milk. Come on.
5	Great ambiance, great service, and great coffee! If you're looking for something a little less caffeinated and a little more refreshing, try their Pomegranate-Mojito iced tea.In terms of food, they offer Mi Comida burritos. I've only tried one, but the plantain and sweet potato burrito was fantastic.It's nice to find a place with a cool, creative vibe that's laid back enough to make anyone feel comfortable. Definitely check it out!
5	I have been here a handful times since opening day, and couldn't be happier with the best coffee house in Phoenix!The layout and ambiance is perfect! The service is top notch; the owners are the employees and always up for a chat. If you are hungry, try the chorizo burrito, you won't regret it! And that sums it all up, you won't regret spending your afternoon here and enjoying the best coffee around. (A quick tip: try the Cubano. Having had it growing up it is made perfectly!)
4	Put a bird on it! This is in a little bit of a weird location/ only a tiny folding sign telling you whats in there. The building looks like its an empty art studio from the outside. Maybe cause it is one...go figure...hipsters and coffee...well i was warmly welcomed upon entering the establishment. I love the the layout and aesthetics of the place. Scrabble tiles for the menu board. It's like a hipster dream come true. They have a small choice in latte flavors, because they are fairly new. I would have rated them at 3 stars but guess what they had Thai Tea! score! To be honest it was perfect RIGHT from the pitcher, but thats the problem. Thai tea is not a pound it out drink, you take your time and drink and let the ice kind of melt into it. Well as soon as my ice started melting (its arizona so 45 seconds) it started to taste watery. Add a little bit more of some strength to it and it would be great. Obviously they are just starting out and getting the kinks all worked out so its nothing to go on a psycho rant and 1 star this place. Solid 4 easy. Has some very interesting drinks to try and ideas.
4	I work downtown so this location is PERFECT for me grabbing some Joe on my way to work. They have a great space on Roosevelt with large windows facing the street. This lets a lot of light in and makes for an open, airy environment and the furniture and layout give the space and inviting feel.They have an interesting menu which I'm eager to return to try. As far as the coffee goes it was above average. I really love the smooth, non-bitter espresso that I can seemingly only find at Lux or Royale. The espresso here was less bitter than what is commonly found at most other coffee joints so while it ain't Lux or Royale, it works well for me in a pinch.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! Not only is the coffee friggin' amazing, but the owners are absolutely wonderful. They're really friendly and a much welcomed addition to the neighborhood. Songbird really stands out in quality and service.
5	If you know downtown/central Phoenix then you know there is no shortage of great coffee shops. Songbird offers a hip new option for coffee, tea, breakfast, and other eats on the quickly transforming Roosevelt Row. The owners are super friendly and are passionate about what they do. I've tried a number of menu items, including the pour over coffee, iced mocha and chai latte, all were very flavorful. I really like that you can have your drinks served in reusable glasses and ceramic mugs. There are a lot of outlets and free wi-fi in the dining room. I'm excited for the future of Songbird!
5	First of all, this is the cutest, most adorable coffee shop!  This place also have the owners to go along with the atmosphere...a husband and wife team that are as welcoming as they are dedicated to making your coffee pleasure.  The owners make you feel right at home!  Their menu (written out in scrabble tiles- very original!) boasts some interesting beverage choices.  I had the white mocha late, and not a HUGE coffee fan, it was delicious.  They also have many non-coffe options as well, including  a rarely seen Thai tea.  I am a pastry/dessert junkie...and their blueberry scone hit the spot!  My friend had one of their burritos, he being a burrito fanatic, pronounced them spot on!  The location is joined with an art gallery and the vibe definitely carries over.  The architecture is classic urban chic and if you ignored the annihilating heat, you feel transported to a city such as the likes of New York or San Fran.  This gem is a little off the beaten path, but what great finds aren't?I can't wait for my next visit to songbird, and look forward, longingly, to sampling more of their pastry menu and perhaps some of their exotic tea beverages!
5	Great coffee, food, and tea! Triple Whammy! I love this place and I am so glad that they opened up. The decor is pretty rockin too.
4	1,000x multiplier for the ambiance (quaint bookstore meets hipster art space).  The staff were the most welcoming that I think I've met at a downtown coffee shop.  They made my 2-year old niece's steamer JUST RIGHT and then asked me if they could make it better.The parking lot is a HUGE plus downtown and my skim vanilla latte was delicious. I'll have to add this one to my coffee rotation for sure!
4	This should be called a speakeasy coffee shop. Why? Because you really have to be told about it to really know it's there! The shop has minimal signage on the exterior and it's housed within a urban multi-use warehouse on Roosevelt with different vendors and an art space. I can only imagine how cool this building must be to visit during First Fridays! Once inside, I was pretty surprised that the coffee shop is more spacious than I would have figured. It's pretty sparse inside, but there were plenty of seats to do some work or have a meeting. The coffee here is strong and delicious. After drinking my non-fat iced latte, I had to refrain myself from bouncing off the walls! It's definitely coffee with a kick if you need a wake-up call. This coffee shop definitely exudes the epitome of cool and I will definitely keep it on my list for a caffeinated visit in the future.
5	A small place but super cool. The Espresso Spritzer is awesome even if you don't like coffee.
4	Although I have only been to songbird once. I was presently surprised as how easy going the coffee shop was. The second you walk through the door you're greeted with a happy staff and a beautiful atmosphere.  This is a perfect place spot to sit down, relax and catch up with a good friend. Take a seat on their beautiful vintage sofas! Believe me, you will not want to go! I definitely recommend this place to any local coffee lover!
5	While I don't often end up in the neighborhood of monOrchid, I can say without a single doubt that I'll end up at Songbird every time I do. The coffee is delicious, the ambiance is laid back and friendly, and the locally-sourced food options are excellent. Pastries? Awesome. Cookies? Tasty. Burritos? I want to go to there. Where "I" is "a burrito" and "there" is "my mouth." I haven't tried the tea, but if they've chosen that partnership as well as their others, I have no doubt it's damn fine. In fact, it's probably best I don't end up near Songbird too often, because otherwise I'd be morbidly obese and permanently jacked up on caffeine. Go, relax, have some good food and drink with some very nice people.
3	If you want a quiet place to work this is the perfect spot. There is a limited selection of food and the prices seem to be a bit high and every time I have been here the staff does not seem to be happy to be there. Is it just me or does a grumpy barista or cafe employee make your experience a bit more awkward?
5	This is a great coffee house and as the central PHX area starts to gentrify this place will certainly be one of the go to spots to meet up and chill out.  In the same space as the MonOrchid gallery, you can't beat it for chill atmosphere.  Coffee.  Amazingly well-done.  New drink for me: espresso-spritzer....yes, a fresh pour of espresso with club soda and a wee bit of agave.  Jump-start and refresh all in the same glass.
5	Songbird is a breath of fresh air in this neighborhood. The minute you walk in, you feel right at home, and not overwhelmed by any one person or decorations. The monOrchid building is incredible, and Songbird accents it well. The two definitely compliment each other, and visiting is always a nice way to slow down my day, and take in some scenery and delicious coffee. The tea is outstanding, and if you're into it, don't hesitate to ask Erin about the different types they carry. Regardless, if you're looking to catch a break, grab some drinkage, or just do some homework quietly, Songbird is definitely the place for you. Don't forget about the breakfast burritos!!
4	I didn't know Songbiord existed until this week.  They certainly have a selection and it all looks and sounded good.  I really didn't want anything but lemon bars always catch my eye.  Alas they have entirely to much sugar for me.  I did notice something interesting but couldn't figure out what it was.  Jonathan, behind the counter,  really is helpful.  He told me it was a croisant with Jalepenos.  When I commented i usually stay away from the really hot peppers he said the way they were fixed, they were almost sweet.  I trusted him and had to agree.Tonight I went in and found another reason for knowing this is a good place to go.  It was first friday and as the zombie walk was going by they locked the door.  Its fine to have fun but they were banging on the windows and door as they went by.  Good thinking on the part of Jonathan!  Put the zombies in the gutter, please.
4	Birds are so hot right now.This coffee and tea house delivers exactly what it claims (except I don't drink coffee).  The tea was good.  Nothing amazing but nice on a hot day.  The important part about this place is it has plenty of space for you to spread out, plug-in your computer and get straight to work.  Quiet environment, very spacious and nice downtown location.  Not too far from the lightrail.  Very phoenix-urban.
2	One of the worst coffee shop experiences I have had.I will be brief, and I will start with a positive... The space is amazing. It is really cool, and many details seemed well thought out. Service and product were not great.I ordered a cappuccino, it was not good. I also bought a scone, which wasn't given to me, but instead was sold to the man behind me. They offered to give me another pastry with my drink, but they already had sold it as well to a woman a couple orders ahead of me. Long story short, no pastry, and no offer for a refund. They said they would give me a pastry next time I came in, however, I don't want to go back in. Aside from the pastry and coffee, the man at the register seemed ready to go home, and the woman that was the barista was friendly but did not seem to know much about coffee. I can get over bad coffee and loss of a pastry. The main thing that takes me back to a business is the staff/owners passion and service.Maybe one day I will try songbird again.
5	Easily my favorite place. Coffee is delicious and the owners rule. I moved to Downtown Phoenix in early November and I am already a regular here. The coffee is always good and I LOVE supporting a local business here in the city. With my hectic lifestyle I even forgot to grab my small wallet before leaving the house once and after ordering and going to pay I was highly embarrassed. I offered to run home and come back but they insisted I just pay for the coffee on my next visit. How amazing is that? I went in the next morning and took care of them. They offer wifi and there are plenty of places to sit where outlets are readily available. Big open windows for lots of natural light, good for sitting by yourself or having a meeting with friends or coworkers, and they have a ton of books and board games there for your entertainment. This place just makes my heart so happy.
5	I am so excited because I am lucky enough to get to have Songbird coffee at my wedding....woohoo! Thanks Jonathon! This shop is very close to my apartment, walkable for me. The coffee is really good. It is from a local roaster in Tempe. Additionally, the people who work there know a lot about coffee. The guy with the darker hair who works there is very interesting and has worked in the coffee business for several years. The owners are hard working and great at making delicious lattes. Everyone is friendly. Additionally, the decor is super cute and the furniture is comfortable. I have never had a bad experience here.
5	This is the coolest coffee shop in the city, I'm so lucky to have it just a block away from my apartment.  They have almond milk!  The space has a great urban chic vibe, which fits in perfectly with the Roosevelt Row arts district, it actually shares a building with the Monorchid artist studio.  The owners are super nice, and the service is always friendly, sans the hipster snobbishness I've experienced at the other coffee shop in the neighborhood which I will leave unnamed.  The burritos are pretty yummy too.  Check out Songbird, you won't regret it.
5	One of the BEST Places for coffee I have had in a long time! We went here after going over first Friday and its such a cute place!
4	I still miss Royal on the Market, but I am so happy to find this new place!  It's cozier and comfier than Royal too!  Liked my Americano a lot.  Pretty good capp. too.  Some tasty looking treats too.  Have to indulge next time.  And very friendly, so that rocks
4	Songbird is such a cute little coffee spotThe interior is fun and I love the scrabble tiled menuIve only had the hot chocolate hereas it is deemed my hot cocoa spot duringFirst FridaysI could imagine sitting there with a book or laptopwith not a care in the world
5	Tried this place for the first time the other day and had a great experience!  Right off the bat, I loved the decor! The menu is written in scrabble tiles and the space itself seems like a cross between an industrial space and a home library. Very cute! Our barista was the owner. I forget her name, but she was very sweet and definitely knew how to make some delicious coffee!I also appreciated that there were board games. Sometimes the best part of a day can be cozying up with friends to enjoy a mocha and some Trivial Pursuit! My only complaint is that the restroom is around the corner--still indoors but part of a wide open room used for conferences. Wouldn't have been an issue, except I had to walk through a live conference to use the restroom, and I'm sure everyone in the audience heard me flush! Wah!Otherwise, great visit! I'd love to go back!
4	Enjoy the ambience of this shop so much that I am willing to drive all the way from Avondale. Super friendly staff and perfect downtown location.
4	Cute little coffee shop my friend discovered. We thought we should come by one day to get some MCAT studying going and enjoy some good coffee. I had a Chai Latte which was amazing. I really do love the place, except it is not great for studying. I did not have ear plugs and it had some loud music playing (I think it was Irish music?). We went during the St. Patrick's Day parade so parking was hard to find (they do not have a lot, it's only street parking). Not sure if I'll be back again, but the Chai was good.
5	Excellent tea selection. Iced or hot. Comfortable cafe to settle in and work for a while.
3	Luke warm chai tea. Nothing special. Its like drinking steamed milk. Starbucks' is much better for the same price.
5	I saw this little shop on my way to a business meeting and decided to stop in after for a bit o' the brew.  Glad I did!  Excellent latte and a very friendly owner too.  Nice space that just lends itself to enjoying a long quiet coffee....
4	I came here for a pre-meeting spot for a workshop. There's an art gallery next door which it's connected to, so you can take a look at the work. It's very quaint with a funky menu written in Scrabble letters.There are a few couches and tables to hang out at. I ordered my usual, an iced latte with almond milk. The coffee was high quality and the flavor was right. I noticed they had pour over coffee, which looked similar to a slow drip, where the barrista was consistently pouring hot water over. It looked interesting, and will be what I will try next.
1	I have no idea what the owner's problem is, but he's incredibly rude. His wife, on the other hand is super nice (an odd mix).Great space, rude owner and the coffee is average.
3	Reminiscent of the old Congo Square in Santa Monica back in the early 90`s.  Great atmosphere, excellent espresso preparation and latte art execution.
5	Phoenix is a coffee cesspool, except for Songbird.  Lux, you say?  Check its health inspection results.  Copper Star?  Food's good, but after I watched a barista put a utensil in a cup from which a customer drank and then use the same utensil to make new drinks, that place dropped off the list.  Plus, it's weirdly full of bees.  Seriously.  Bees.  JoBot?  Loud high schoolers and a guy looking at "animal erotica" (I'm not kidding).  The thing is, Songbird doesn't just win by process of elimination (though it could).  The people who work here are universally friendly, they actually know about coffee, the space is nice, it has plenty of plugs, fast WPA2 secured wireless that always works (unlike, e.g., Lux), and decent food.  Oh, and the coffee's great.  Is there any place else in town doing pour-over?  I just wish it had longer hours, but hey, it's Phoenix.
5	Best soy lattes in the valley.  I don't know how they make them so silky smooth, but they are l-o-v-e-l-y.  Service is always very friendly, and of course the building is awesome.  Parking is a bit of a pain when they're busy, but no big thing.  Glad to see they have almond milk too, I'll try that next time.
5	This is a great place for grabbing a drink and getting some work done. I'm not really a coffee drinker, but the various iced teas I've had have always been good, and the Italian chocolate soda is one of my favorite drinks.The pastries are always good, especially the "top tart" (described as "like a pop tart, but made with love").
5	I love Songbird, like "will you marry me" love.It reminds me of some of my favorite coffee places back in Boulder CO.  It is the type of place you can just get the beverage of your choice, maybe a snack and hang out.  I enjoyed that you can sit and have a conversation with someone without feeling like you're interrupting everyones work.Songbird is active in the community as well.  They sponsored our Neighborhood for nextdoor.com and have been active in helping it grow.Make sure you try the Thai Tea, it's so good.
4	Spicy chai for the win!
5	This may be my new favorite coffee shop. I stopped by with a friend on a Thursday afternoon (yesterday). The barista working could not have been nicer. Not in a Starbucks fake nice, ya wanna feel bad for their aching cheeks, kinda way. She was just warm and provided some witty banter along with the toddy I ordered. Plus, she was wearing a "The Holy Coast" t-shirt, which happens to be one of my favorite bands - so ++ for that.The toddy there is very good. They use the right amount of water to dilute the mix. I've been to some other places where the toddy is still black when they give it to you (headache and the shakes soon follow). I love the space. Quiet, relaxing, actual GOOD art on the walls. You get a sneak peek of the gallery next door when you use the restroom too.I will be back here this weekend to get some work done! Seems like a great environment for studying/working/reading.
5	This coffee shop has all the components of a great place for a cup of joe.  Friendly staff, great coffee, comfortable seating, plentiful wi-fi, and an altogether cool space (half art gallery and half coffee shop).  Go here after breakfast at Matt's, or just to get a few things done if you're in the city!
4	Delicious drinks and I love the fact that they are different than other coffee shops. Their prices are pretty economical. A great place to sit on comfy chairs and play a card game or read a book. Friendly staff and love their burritos ! I wish they had more of a selection of healthy and non healthy pastries. Their music is not blaring like other coffee shops do. I especially think it's super cool that they are next door to an art gallery.
4	Finally found a place that has baristas that know how to steam soy milk! The espresso was smooth and perfectly pulled. The soy milk latte was velvety and delicious. Next time I may order a cappuccino to get even more of that tasty foam.
4	Fun and artsy atmosphere! I ordered a White mocha latte over ice. It was delicious! My friend ordered the toddy. She added her own Splenda. i got a sip and it tasted smooth. Very nice coffee. Will defs go back!
5	After a few hours of walking around downtown taking photos, I needed a place to cool off. Busted out my handy Yelp App and found this lovely place.The atmosphere and vibe were great. Very relaxing atmosphere with some people reading, doing laptop work or just hanging out.I ordered an Iced toddy and it was delicious. Great flavor and price was right on point. If I lived closer, this would be my go to coffee shop, but since I live up North, I'll have to make it a stop when I go downtown.If you're looking for a great, legit coffee shop try this place out!
5	Delicious iced coffee, and something that looks amazing called an espresso spritzer. Will try that next time. Great vibe-- between pijo and hipster, but on neither end of that spectrum.
5	A little hard to find but well worth it. Tried a hot mocha, berry spritzer, cinnamon roll, and an apple "toptart" (homemade Pop Tart). Great prices and a homey atmosphere with plenty of tables and a neat aesthetic. The woman working the counter was really nice and the pastries were super fresh and tasty and re-heated in the toaster perfectly without us having to ask. The mocha was really creamy and well made and the berry spritzer was fresh and refreshing. I wish this was closer - I would definitely be a regular.
5	The owners of Songbird are genuinely friendly and welcoming. Songbird is a great place to hang out and enjoy quality coffee.
3	Decent price, iced latte is a bit unsweet for me. Long tables force you to sit with strangers, limited seating.The wifi is free which is good but it's very hipstery, a bit too much for me.Price is a lot but that's average for little coffee shops, they don't have a large selection of baked good there were 3 things available when I was there.They do have books and games such as jenga for patrons which is cool. I would not recommend this place for getting work done, it's more of a relax/chill out type of place. The staff were very friendly and nice.
5	I've now been here a handful of times and can write a review! I've been waiting, yay! (Not waiting for any other reason than to give my fair/honest opinion.) Anyhow, I LOVE this coffee shop. LOVE. Did I mention love? Because I do. Every time I've been in the service, coffee and atmosphere have been nothing short of spectacular. I don't switch it up much - Just back and forth between an Americano or an Iced Toddy.... Why stop a good thing, right? I love that they don't put a lot of frill into their drinks. By frill I mean additives... You just don't need it! The coffee by itself is delicious and doesn't need to be masked by other crud. The baristas and owners are awesome, service is quick - yet you can SEE that they still put time into YOUR drink and will not just sling out beverages that are below average (or even average - seriously their drinks are awesome). Ambiance is great, the monOrchid is a great fit for Songbird and I think having them there just adds to the awesomeness of the building. If you haven't made the stop to Songbird while you're downtown, you're missing out!
5	Love this place! I've been a regular for several months now. It's got lots of comfortable space for reading or working, and it's not too noisy. Also, if you like chocolate you have to try the chocolate italian soda! It sounded gross to me too at first, but at the encouragment of the barista/ super sweet co-owner Erin, I tried it anyway. It's one of my favorite things! Plus their pastries are bomb (try the nutella poptart), and the baristas are all super nice! Their prices are more reasonable than other area shops, partly because they use an app called "tabhere" which saves regulars a bit of money. Between that and the discount they give for bringing your own reusable cup their prices are pretty unbeatable.
4	Great pour over coffee. Great seeping tea (which I learned from this place.) The limited pastries are all made fresh, which I suppose is better over lots of options with limited freshness. This is a great place to meet people too, everyone is pretty friendly, the community tables fit the ambiance. Vibe reviews are spot on, its' a little too hipster, I think who is ever behind the counter calls the music. (If you are NOT a fan of deeply serious indie, avoid the late afternoon shift =)
4	LOVEEE this place! I had the iced chai tea latte and was not disappointed. Not to mention, I got to enjoy it while walking around looking at art. What more could you ask for from a downtown coffee shop?! They also have a selection of baked good that looked good, though I didn't choose to indulge on the day I went. Overall, grey coffee shop in the downtown PHX area. There are many to choose from, but give this place a shot. You'll be happy you did.
5	This place is adorable! Awesome coffee, awesome pastries, friendly staff...what more could I ask? A+ in my book.
4	I love Songbird. I work close by, and it's so nice to have a great coffee house so close. The pastries, which the buy fresh from local makers, are divine. Go for the brioche cinnamon roll and thank me later. The coffee is stellar. I can't even put a finger on what's different, but I'm guessing it's the utmost attention to quality and detail of their product. Seating is a little sparse, and prices are a little high, but the goods received are worth it.
5	The awesome thing about Songbird coffee is that they make your coffee right in front of you.  It is always fresh and it is never make the morning like some other coffee shops in town.  I really like coming to Songbird because it is a cute little place you can go to and hang out with friends.  Also it is right off of Roosevelt street next to MonOrchid. If you are looking for a place to go to for coffee after dinner or after having some Melt ice cream.  You should head over to Songbird.
3	First off, their coffee is awesome. I always either get a pour over, or their spicy chai, which is delicious. Their customer service is ok, not fantastic but never bad. My only complaint about this place is that it is small. For the most part that is ok, but I have been there a few times when a group is meeting and they tend to take up almost all of the sitting area.
4	This is a cool little joint off Roosevelt Row. It's small which makes it quaint but also small so the seats fill quickly ... you also don't want to sit by window when the sun's going down. Mariah is totes rad as a barista and the owner's cool, too. I'd like to pay a little less but can't complain for quality. Toddy's good & so is the spiced chai. During First Fridays, this is the place to stop for a drink and maybe some awesome art.
5	I love this place. I don't come here often, even though it is on my way to work, only because I never leave myself enough time in the morning.When I do come here, I think it's early enough that there are no groups of people, in fact I am usually the only one there, so the small size of the shop is a perk for me, rather than a drawback as was mentioned in a couple other reviews I read.The coffee is always great, as are their pastries. They don't usually have a big selection of pastries, which for me at least is also a perk rather than a drawback. Makes it much easier to make up my mind.The staff is always friendly, the owner is a great guy. I actually told the owner that Songbird was my favorite coffee shop and that while Phoenix magazine was taking votes for their Best of Phoenix issue recently that on most days, I voted for them three times each day.  That wasn't me just BS'ing the owner. When I told him that, I had no idea who he was. He was just a stranger giving me a Lyft.
4	I don't come here often, but when I do it's usually because I have a night planned at the FilmBar (which usually also includes post-movie beverages at a neighboring bar) so what keeps me coming back is how strong their lattes are! I'm an early-to-bed person normally so I have to prep myself when I decide to have a night out on a work night.The only thing I've had here are their iced mochas, those are always my drink of choice. I like strong mochas with flavoring that still lets the espresso shine through and they do that well here, unlike some coffee places that overdo the flavoring and make the drinks too sugary. The vibes here are great, very relaxed with a good view of the north side of downtown Phoenix and there's an art exhibit on the other side of the wall that you can check out post-drink. If you're in the neighborhood, try it out.P.S. A+ for creativity on the menu that is spelled out in Scrabble tiles!
5	My husband and I headed to Songbird last First Friday Art Walk. It sure made a lasting impression on both of us! That is saying a lot because my husband tends to not get excited about coffee houses. I had a Hot Spiced Chai Tea Latte and it was the best Chai I have ever had! He had the Hot Chocolate. It was busy but they maintain the line very well! Our drinks were served the perfect drinking temperature too! We don't live very close to downtown, but we are definitely going to make an effort to frequent Songbird whenever we can. Thank you, Songbird!
4	The quirkier the better, and Songbird's got it goin' on.    With wrapping paper festively lining the bar seating looking out to the street, shelves and shelves of books, games, knickknacks and paintings along the walls, this is a coffee-loving, book reading, toe tapping, little-bit-hipster gold mine.     I love that the menu is made from Scrabble pieces (although they didn't have Scrabble to play, SO sad!) and their pastries are on display on the countertop, devilishly inviting you to break your healthy meal plan. They offer loose leaf tea and latte art (the way to my heart!) and do fun events like board game nights on Thursdays and a time slot for people to come in and Code. You can definitely tell who their target audience is and they do it well.  I got a spicy Chai and it was absolutely fantastic. The vanilla and spices blended so well and left a peppy after taste. It was nice to sip my drink and walk around the open space that connects to the coffee shop--it's an art gallery space and had some really great pieces!   You can get a lot of work done here sitting on the couch, listening to the great music playing overhead. This is the kind of coffee shop I miss from back home and I feel like I'll coming back again and again. Especially because I have been eying that Olive Oil Lemon Cake!
5	I love anyplace that has a good Thai iced tea and Songbird definitely has one.  This quiet coffe shop I located next to an art gallery and they really provide a personal touch.  They make their coffee fresh with every cup.  It's a great place to hang out with friends or take your lap top and write some Yelp reviews. :)
5	I loved this place. They serve very good cocoa and amazing coffee. They make the coffee one cup at a time. Parking is a problem but the service made up for it. The young woman behind the counter was warm and friendly. She made us feel at home and welcome. I am really happy we tried this place out. We will be returning.
4	Such a rad coffee shop with amazing coffee! I had the chai tea latte and it was literally the best one I have ever had.The downside was our cranky barista. We walked in, waited for a few minutes, and there was no sign of a barista. There was only one other man in the coffee shop and really quiet music playing, so it was kinda awkward. My husband said "Hello!", and 30 long seconds later, out came the barista, who skipped all formalities of politeness and bluntly asked "What do you want to drink?"Maybe it was just an off day. She made amazing coffee, though. And it was fun walking around and looking at the gallery afterward.
4	I was visiting Phoenix and stumbled upon this place after searching for a cafe with brunch. This place does not serve brunch but they do have a lot of delicious pastries like Nutella pop tart, which is a flaky warm pop tart sized deliciousness filled with a thin layer of Nutella. And their iced coffee and chai was delicious. They have an art gallery attached to the cafe so you drink while you browse around. My friend and I saw a hidden room in the back and it looks like they have open studios for artists. Very cool spot to drop by if you're in this area.Also, if you walk 50 ft down the street. You will find a restaurant called dog leash and they have spectacular bratwurst.
4	This place has really smooth, rich, full-bodied decaf. It was absolutely delish!
5	The Baristas are sincere and friendly, in other words, none of that fake cheery stuff.Small and tucked away between galleries, you really would never notice the place unless you're looking. The large windows bring warm afternoon sun into the little coffee shop couple with the smell of coffee makes me want to curl up in a corner and read.One of my favorite hideouts. But alas, good coffeeshops needs to be shared. :DTwo notes about the cafe though,1. it is quite small, so seating is limited, but thus far I've yet run into problems of not finding a space for me.2. As an avid soy chai drinker, I can't help but note that the soy chais have a bit of room for improvement. They have two types of chai, spicy (tibetan?) chai or a sweeter chai, both are wonderful and definitely worth trying. For the Soy and the Chai to integrate well with one another, the soy milk has to be aerated gently (finely?), creating a smooth foam (like a well poured pint of guinness) instead of big bubbles. If done well, the taste could be rounder, richer and not as flat. Same goes for chai with regular milk, but since I don't drink milk, I can't comment on that.With that said, they deserve 5 stars for creating such an awesome coffee shop and there are so many different ways of making soy chai, that no points should be taken off for my personal taste in the matter.
5	Great stop off the 10 for a fabulous cup of... Lattes are wonderful. They are made with care using fresh beans. The barista is both warm and knowledgable. My hubby loved the cap, and seeing that he roasts his own beans and is a bit of a coffee snob, that is high praise. My son enjoyed the hot chocolate. They also carry a large selection of teas. All in all - great place for a wonderful cup of whatever!
5	The Best!! Passing thru from SoCal to Tucson. Reviews brought us here. The coffees were Soooo good, we stopped here again on the way home. Cappuccino was bright and sweet! (Think Klatch Coffee or Intelligentsia...Yea, that good!) the foam art was beautiful. The owner / barista is very friendly, knowledgable and fun to talk to.  The place is very casual and low key, in an artsy little part of town. Definitely the place to go for Great Coffee.
5	Omg. I absolutely love this placeeeee. Love the layout,  THE book shelf and their coffeeeeee.The line was super long,  but worth the weight!!! :)  THE SPICY CHAI TEA LATEEEEEE
5	I went for the first time and I had the pour over coffee(Honduras) this morning and it's taste was excellent.   I will definitely go back another time.
4	I was no where near downtown but decided to head down to Songbird Coffee anyway. Spontaneity. That's just how I do. Livin' la vida loco. I ordered an espresso. My usual go-to when I have no idea what to order. I like the tiny cups, they make me feel like a giant. The decor and vibe are cool. Overall... it's a coffee shop. I wouldn't say it was a wasted trip, but I don't think I'd go out of my way just to come here again either. It's a good option if you're in the Roosevelt Row area.I was leaning toward a 3 star, but I'd like to give them another shake. Plus, the name and branding is sweet. They put a bird on it. I like that.
2	Here's why this place deserves a knock off of three stars: the blueberry scone was awful. Blatantly horrible; not sweet, almost savory like, which was odd. Had a weird granular texture as well. My espresso con panna was way more bitter than I expected, bitterer than starbucks'. These were the redeemers: the lemon olive oil cornmeal cake was absolutely excellent. The mocha was great too. The counter worker seemed very friendly and knowledgeable.
4	Fun. Classic hipster joint. Great Camaroon pour over with a pear hazelnut torte. Dig it chums.
5	We love songbird!I come here with my girlfriend every time we are on Roosevelt. Literally first stop.I like to get a dirty chai on the spicy side and it is magic. They have an assortment of teas as well in a book on the counter that my girlfriend has tried a few from and each time they were very good!
4	I've been here several times for coffee and tea. It's small and has a relaxed atmosphere. The service has always been great. It has become one of my favorite coffee shops downtown.
5	I was in Phoenix for a conference, but I walked to the Roosevelt Row neighborhood just to have some relaxing alone time, and also for a caffeinated energy infusion, and this place was a very pleasant surprise.  From the outside, where there is a beautiful mural of flying birds painted on bricks, I was afraid that the cafe might be too hipster pretentious, but I thought that it had a good, chill vibe, and it was a great place for me to relax with my hot beverage and read/write.  There isn't a ton of seating space, but, unless it gets really crowded, I think that there's enough space, and plenty of outlets for people to work.  The two baristas whom I encountered were both friendly and knowledgeable.Most importantly, both the coffee and tea were delicious.  My first day there, I got a pour-over coffee, and it had great flavor and body.  The second day, I got the Walnut Sencha green tea, which was delicious.  Plus, I appreciate the fact that this place not only has a variety of high quality loose teas, but also gives you the loose teas in FORLIFE mugs with a diffuser and provides you with unlimited additional hot water to re-steep the leaves.  Random other notes: I liked looking at the postcards for sale ($1 each)The messy bookshelf with assorted books actually looked used, not like a contrived decoration.
5	Found on renowned Roosevelt Row, Songbird possesses a quaint yet modern feel. They have a tasty selection of both hot and iced teas (I'm not a coffee drinker.) Also, they make a matcha green tea latte with almond milk. As someone with both dairy and soy allergies I'm often dismayed by the availability of only cow's milk or soy milk at most coffee shops. I'm very happy to have found a place in my neighborhood that can make this tasty treat just the way I like.
4	Very dainty cafe that is perfect for studying/getting work done. Super quiet with a living room atmosphere. Can't say much for coffee since I was fasting coffee at the time but friend ordered the spiced chai tea latte and it was delicious ...my matcha green tea latte, on the other hand, wasn't anything special
5	There are a lot mediocre coffee places in Phoenix but this isn't one of them. I had the most amazing Cappuccino here. The best I have found so far. It was very smooth, I swear they added an angel tear to top it off.I also tried this raspberry square pastry the was oh so good. Not overly sweet but just sweet enough and the crust had the great buttery taste. This is definitely a place to go back try and try their other drinks and eats.
5	My favorite coffee shop on Phoenix! I love all the locally made treats and the coffee is amazing. I get the white chocolate mocha. In a addition it's a great place to study.
5	This is one of the few places in town that has unique teas and understands the importance of roast and brew technique on coffee.Great atmosphere is nice for hanging out in downtown. Always running into fun people.I promise you'll try it once and love the coffee.
5	I use to go to Jobot everyday but decided to try this plus and wondered why the heck I ever went to jobot. Staff is more friendly here and it is way more clean. I would recommend this place over jobot anyday. The coffee is way better here.
5	Best coffee I've tried in phoenix so far... Nice place to chill... It will be much better if they serve more pastries.  I tried their caramel latte, it is perfect!!! My husband had their cappuccino and he said the best so far too.. Will definitely be back for more!
5	Nice location on roosevelt row. Cool look inside, and the tea is very very good. I recommend the spicy chai. Good stuff!
4	Great coffee shop and tea house on Roosevelt Row!  I thoroughly enjoyed my Italian soda and hanging at this cool place.  Another great local spot to relax and enjoy the cool side of Phoenix.
4	Coffee is good, had an iced nonfat white mocha. Barista very nice, blonde lady. It was very quiet when I went in, around 7pm-9pm. I appreciate their hours, hard to get a local cup of coffee here after 7pm. My first choice is always Lola's but songbird offers a great alternative for after 7 :) will probably be back!
5	WAFFLES ARE BACK AS OF SEPTEMBER 6TH, 2014!!  Had them for the first time last Saturday and they were amazing.  Looking forward to this weekend for an encore, Elizabeth is waffle creating genius.As for the rest of "The 'Bird", Coffee and tea are top notch, and the scones (from Treehouse) are so good it was over a month before I even knew they were vegan -- true story.  The great hipster-free atmosphere and outstanding baristas are icing on the cake!  For pure coffeehouse pleasure (not a full cafe) Songbird rules the roost in Evans-Churchill.
4	Great little hidden place. Tried the thai tea and was truly impressed.  Enjoyed the atmosphere a lot.
5	I love this little coffee shop. I usually order their rooibos teas, and my husband gets a hot latte, and drinks are always spot on. The service is prompt and friendly, and despite having long lines at times, the wait isn't usually long. They usually have pastries, but it's almost gone by the second half of the day. I highly recommend this place for their coffee and yummy teas--much better than Starbucks.
5	My boyfriend and I came in here and both got iced vanilla lattes. Wow. They seriously have the most delicious coffee either of us have had in recent memory. Just outstanding! Unlike a lot of coffee places around here that give you a tiny amount of espresso and a ton of milk, they don't skimp on the espresso and it dramatically improves the flavor! We will definitely be back!!!
5	Songbird provides a high-quality product and a comfortable place to enjoy it. Really an enjoyable, warm, pleasant, friendly experience.
5	The chai competes for the best in Phoenix. This place and Matador need to have a chai showdown because it would be a delicious spicy bloodbath. Comfy seating with a reliable WiFi connection (hallelujah) and good music. The place is inviting with a cool atmosphere. For a drink and some work on the computer I would come here any day and would drive a bit farther to come here and avoid the crowd at lux.
5	Go here for a real cup of coffee. Not that sugary, watered-down crap that chain coffee shops sell. This is my favorite coffee shop in Phoenix. I go here at least once a week, and it never disappoints.
2	Grumpy barista. Very curt and dismissive. Didn't get a chance to order a pastry because she rang me up too fast. Is the opposite of upsell downsell? I was obviously looking for a treat. Two bad visits in a row. Too many other choices to come back. Very different from my first experience. The owner lady, who is always pleasant, made me an iced americano I still think about. Never been duplicated by her staff.
5	The best coffee in downtown Phoenix! I'm in there daily for a good iced coffee! The barista's are super friendly as well, which makes the whole experience that much better! Highly recommend this coffee shop!
2	I've only been here once and the barista who helped me was very unfriendly. She burned my espresso and I felt like I couldn't ask for another because she was so rude and I didn't want to have to interact with her again. Other than that, this place is pretty decent. Probably the quietest cafe I've been to, but that's a good thing considering I came to study. Maybe it was just an off day, so I feel bad being too harsh on this place.
5	What a great spot! Conveniently located in downtown Phoenix, close to the light rail and freeway, friendly owners and staff, GREAT coffee and tea, cozy ambiance... what more could you ask for?I had a cold brew iced coffee with vanilla syrup and soy milk. The coffee quality was perfect to me and the drink was well made. One of the owners, Erin, was personable and engaged with us casually while making our drinks.This local, small business gets five stars and two thumbs up from me!
3	I feel like I came on an off day, but I wasn't really a fan. The menu listed on the website includes iced/hot tea lattes, but when I asked for one the barista gave me the blankest look. Finally I just agreed to a thai tea latte with skim milk, but then she ran out of skim milk and ended up pouring the last 10 drops into the tea. I kinda wanted to just get out of there at that point, so I took it and left. I really didn't like the tea...it kinda smelled like mud and didn't taste like much. I think if I had tried something else, or added the right amount of milk though, it would've been better. I did like the interior, though - it's a great place to study/chill.
4	I love this place, the coffee, staff and atmosphere make it a great place to just hang out.  Great place to stop by if you're near Downtown, or if you plan on going to "First Fridays."Highly reccomend this place, you wont be dissapointed.
5	Such a cozy and cute coffeehouse! For my first time here some regulars behind me suggested a Dirty Chai, half sweet/half spicy. AMAZING! I've had chai tea lattes at many coffeehouses but never a spicy one. The heat is just the right amount. It comes up unexpectedly too. I think it's cayenne, among other spices. GREAT SERVICE. Michelle is so friendly and chatty. I'm so happy with my experience. I can't wait to be back. I wish it were closer to me!!
3	I loved the place and the latte. I disliked the barista. She miffed me enough for me to write this. I paid by cc and tipped by laying a dollar down.  She acted like I didn't tip and ignored me the whole time after like when asking for wifi info.  Nevertheless, the coffee and place were amazing. But i don't think I should've been treated that way.
5	1 *  Great atmosphere 1 * Friendly Staff3 *** Best Coffee in Downtown Phoenix or maybe in all Phoenix.My coffee always taste the same. ( Very good ) and they always make a cute latte art.The only bad thing is their parking, sometimes i don't find where to park and i have to go another coffee, but i think they are relocating soon. Go try this place!!
