3	Why review a fast food chain?  For me, this particular Sonic is close to where I work.  Because there aren't many options when pressed for  time I'm able to walk or drive here and grab a quick bite to eat.  Like most fast food chains it's about consistency, knowing what you're going to get and getting it quickly.  That's what this Sonic location does well.  Plus, who can pass up hot and crispy Tater Tots??3 stars because, on principle, I think that's the most any fast food place can reasonably expect.
5	Still my most favorite hot dog ever and I think the magic is in the presentation. They've got the best hot dog sleeve. It perfectly holds the dog, lots of chili and it's not messy.Another must have is a Cherry Lime Squeeze; Sprite, Cherry flavor, squeezed limes and maraschino cherries.
3	There aren't a lot of places around here that are open past 10 pm but this chain is.  So one evening when I was out late and had eaten a late lunch and wasn't hungry at a normal dinner time, I stopped in here after 11-ish for a bite. I got a Foot Long Chili Dog special for $2.99 (with onions), a small Tater Tots,  a small cherry slushie, and a small coffee to save and reheat in my motel room the next mornig.  That cheap hot dog was delicious. The Tater Tots were freakin' awesome!  And I don't even like Tater Tots.  But these were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with just enough oil to help it crunch with a wonderful texture.I got my cholesterol and calories and sodium quotients  in for the next month in one simple trip.  Ouila!
1	This review is based on the service that we recieved not the meal that was presented.So, I am from California and my family and I were in AZ for vacation to see my wife's old friend. I convinced her we should go to sonic because there are not a lot in California.We get there and I park in my spot to order after completeing the order the guy on the speaker tells me that the card machine is broken and that if I wanted to pay with card I would need to go into the establishment in pay (I would of paid with cash, but all I had at the time was card) I get out of the car go up to place and open the door step inside and out of nowhere a manager named David comes out of nowhere and starts questioning me, as I amI trying to explain I don't even get two words out because he keeps asking me what I am doing in there, while talking over me. One of the workers was trying to get attention I believe the guy who took my order. He tells me to step outside because he wants to talk to me, I explain to him what the person on the Speaker told me and he told me that is not true and I should know better, even though I told him right before this that this was our first time at sonic. At this point I am thinking that this guy has a huge ego problem. He starts to yell at me (enough for people sitting at the tables to turn around and watch the whole incident happen). He basically believes that I was trying to rob the store.... yeah at 5pm on a saturday night. Needless to say I got back in the car no food in hand and drove off.
4	Love the drive up waitstaff on skates experience! They have happy hour specials with deals on drinks. I recommend the Cherry Limeade, so good, like a Shirley temple with a kick of lemonade added in.
5	I love there malts and not to sure on the rest of the food need to order more then a malt.
4	The food is always hot and the drinks are awesome, however the service isn't always the best. Today I waited 6 minutes just for my order to be taken, then another 15 minutes to get my food. That wouldn't be such a big deal on my day off but my lunch break is only 45 minutes. Sometimes the servers are kinda rude but it depends on who you get. Justin is the best server, he is always prompt and polite. He even comes to the window mid-meal to make sure I haven't ran out of napkins or sauce. Overall I would have to say that this is one of the best Sonic Drive-In's in the Gilbert area.
1	The ice cream machine is ALWAYS "broken". Or "you're just lazy and have poor customer service", sounds about right to me.
1	Check your change!!!I came here late night and ordered a drink. Paid with a $20 bill and after getting the change and the drink was backing out of the spot to drive off but thought the bills seemed a little light and that I should count them. I did and it was short $5. I pulled back in and as I was pressing the button for service, the boy that originally delivered the drink was at my window. Apparently he was watching. When I told him, he produced a $5 from his apron a little too conveniently to be coincidence. It was late and I was looking to get home quick or I would have called the manager on it. I should have, but I had my change so I just left.
