3	Sure, it was a school night - but the place was deserted. Well, apart from the few people taking up the bar games... though they all did clear out by midnight. The bar location didn't seem like it would really draw people in on that alone. Think: East Phoenix 70s mini-strip-mall...The bartender went to my high school and had been in the valley forever. The vibe in the place was very old-school local. Valley natives would feel at home I imagine. The location probably has a bit to do with that. Before everyone cleared out, I joined in a chat with some of the regulars - they were quite friendly and I would feel quite comfortable going back based on that. Smart, young, and good-looking... also hip and down to earth. Pretty refreshing, really. The drinks were quite strong... plan a designated driver or an alternative method home if you're going to drink. The atmosphere was 'dirty old dive bar,' but I've definitely been in much worse. I'd say it's on the clean end of that description. However...I went into the men's room to take a piss and someone had splattered their own shit onto the wall of the tiny bathroom. It was a big splat about waist high, streaks going from splat to floor where there was a big shit pile. What kind of person throws their shit on the wall? I mean, seriously...I took a picture with my phone and pissed and then left it as it was. I told the bartender about it and she seemed to immediately know who had done it. I mean, if you know a person is capable of shitting on a wall - don't fucking let them into your bar... duh. She said she wasn't going to clean it and said I could use the ladies room (which I did the second time I had to piss). I guess I don't blame her not wanting to clean it... it was gross. Not too gross to take a picture of though - should I submit it to the photos of this place on here?I guess apart from the shit and the location, this place is okay for a local dive. It's punk-friendly and has plenty of bar games (pool, darts, etc...). It's similar to TT Roadhouse, but with only half the character - also a little more space and fewer customers.
5	Dive bars, mmmm good. Wood paneling and cheap drinks, 3 bucks for gin and tonics and most other mixed drinks. A shuffleboard game, Golden cup video golf game, darts and a good jukebox.   As far as dives go this place is a hidden gem.
4	Good Times are had at Dilly Dally and if not, then you just have not drank enough.And just when you think you have hit rock bottom, go next door and order wings and eat them in the parking lot and put the chicken bones in your purse.  NOW, you have hit rock bottom.
4	Honestly, this place looks like it should be crowded with Moose Lodge-types....The help looks a little...  well, she's probably seen better days, but very friendly and prompt.  Think "beauty school drop-out" hits 60....This place has a killer jukebox, and the drinks are damn cheap!  A great go-to place for when you look down and see that your drinkin shoes are on!Absolutely the antithesis of Scottsdale fussiness.
4	I like this spot! I've been to Dilly Dally twice and each time I've had a good time. This is a place you go when you just want to grab a beer, maybe watch or play some shuffleboard, and shoot the breeze while listening to some jukebox tunes. A bonus: even though the bar is considered a dive, the bathroom is cute and clean! Score!
4	Going to a bar and not drinking is like going to a brothel and just watching. Sure, you get the gist of what's going on, you just don't get to partake in the experience.Such was my second and most recent experience at Dilly Dally Lounge. A few of us went here after meeting for dinner. Because I was medicated, I wasn't drinking (for a week). However, from my observation, the Dilly Dally "Punch" appeared to by popular in our group as well as effectively intoxicating. It combines Bacardi Rum vodka, grenadine, and Pineapple juice. Ask Robert M what other benefits this cocktail delivers, besides the obvious inebriation.The men's room is foul, offensive and likely the source of many diseases, but what would the quintessential dive bar be otherwise?Overall, a very interesting dive bar with a colorful mix of clients. If I still lived on that side of town, I'd get into a lot of trouble here.
4	Oh the Dilly..... as my frineds and I like to call it. It is your quintessential neighborhood/hole in the wall bar. Very simple, located in a strip mall that has been around for centuries it seems, long bar along one side, juke box that screams "play me," shuffle board and the oh so wonderful regulars that you will find sitting at their designated places at the bar. The drinks are cheap, the TVs work and the people are friendly. I dig it!
4	Made my way in on Saturday night. The parking lot was full for this little strip mall. So I was a little surprised that only about 20 -25 of us were in the Dilly Dally. I guess there's about 4 locations in the mall to hang out at. However I loved the bar. The Juke box was rockin the ultimate cocktail lounge tunes: BB King, Marvin Gaye, Aretha Franklin. It just so went with the wood panel, long bar, tall tiny tables, the ceiling fans and fish tank. The drinks are cheap and strong and they have the Fish Tank Specials which were about 8 bottles placed in front of the tank of liquors you just don't find people ordering on any given week. These were $2.75 for a shoot! I was tempted but I didn't try any of them. Still I thought it was pretty cool. There are 6 TV screens and a mess of other things to entertain you while drinking; pool table, darts, shuffleboard, pinball and a couple other arcade games. Then there is always the other people around you and the staff to hold your attention. I didn't visit the ladies restroom so I don't know what the case is there but the bar was clean and neat and warm (winter night) though the ceiling fans were all quietly going. if I lived closer I could see becoming a regular here, it reminded me of a neighborhood bar up in Alaska where one seeks refuge in the darkness of it from the weather outdoors and the traffic of tourists. And I wouldn't call this place a dive. It's just not a modern slick bar, but it's a warm neighborly place where you want expect bar fights to pop up anytime soon.
3	Ok so we wanted to go to Zipp's to play games.... My fault for wanting to go there at 5PM on a monday. Happy hour crowd killed it, so we went next door to Dilly Dally and were kind of scared out of our wits.First off, make no mistake about it, this is an alcoholic bar. There were mostly 40's and 50's men, alone at the bar drinking lots and lots of cheap alcohol. There were also a few small groups of older people in their 60's or more... people seemed like they come here because they can't not drink. It's overall pretty dirty inside, and feels like an Elk's Lodge, they have a dirty fish tank, a nasty bathroom, and some crappy games. Three stars because it has a shuffleboard table, and all the neighborhood drunks were very welcoming and friendly here.
3	I had a good time at this place, but it's not my typical places it wasn't really a dive bar it was more like a crackhead hang out, the bartender was nice and hooked up the drinks! There were a few regulars and a group (8) guys and girls in there mid tweenties there and then my friends and a couple of people we meet over at hazelwoods. the group and my friends made this for a good time, I don't think the regulars like us to much, but what can you do but have fun! I guess some guy was treating a women badly in the back so some guy assulted him, I didn't see it but two other guys there recorded it and showed the bartender she kicked him out but he wouldn't leave, so she called the cops, while the cops were on there way I went out back to smoke and the guy was out there talking pretty crazy, I pretty much just made fun of him and talked trash to him, he asked if I was carrying (a gun)  and I said always he asked to see it and told him no that if he saw it I would have to kill him, he pretend to pull a gun on me and I laughed at him. I think I scared him a little and he walked out the front of the bar and the cops were there and took him to jail, I was kind of surprised that the bartender actually called the cops but hey good for her. Overall the night was fairly fun it had it's ups and downs most people there were trying to have a god time and I think everyone did for the most part. If you like a good hard cheap drink this is a good place to go, but only if you think you can tolerate some of the crackheads that hang out in there, I'm not saying everyone that hangs out there is a crackhead but there are some that hang out there forsure! If you do go I'm sure the least you get is a good story out of it.
4	My wife, sister-in-law and I were out last night and got into a discussion about "Dive Bars."  My S.I.L. claimed that the Crowne Room was a "dive," I kindly and energetically disagreed.  Then my wife said that our present bar, Hazelwood's, was a "dive"... again, no.Luckily our heated debate took place across the street from Dilly Dally.  I quickly paid for our drinks, braved the traffic of Indian School and entered the windowless, somehow-still-smokey Lounge.  As all heads turn, I remind my dates to NOT order a Cosmo or a Sex on the Beach!We went for one drink for demonstration purposes only and found ourselves rapping to our beats on the Jukebox and partaking in some shuffle board till closing.  Whoops.  I do not give this bar 4 stars for service, quality, atmosphere or anything really... except that as far as Dive Bars go, it gets four!
4	A real bar! Great drink prices.
2	Though, I never had a friend with a grandma in Alaska, if I did, I am sure her trailer (if she lived in a trailer) would look alot like this bar. Everything tinged with a hue of grey from the years of cancer sticks being offered up with well drinks by her trucker friends and their kids. Collections of debris/life scattered around and odd papers pinned to walls - oh and weird fish tanks that are so clean they make their surroundings look even more crusty.  The staff is cool though - even if they don't really work there but have "filled in" for 20 years....they make it worth a drink.
4	It's quaint and drinks are reasonable. The bartenders are still nice and free pour a great cocktail.  The jukebox plays good music.  It reminds me of a beloved bar in Alaska on a winter night because it is warm & dark inside and the walls are wood paneled.  And the bartender offers to call you a cab after 2 drinks when I cashed out.
4	Oh Dilly Dally, I'm so thankful you are only a few blocks from my home.  Cheap drinks abound!  So when you go to the DD, be sure to hit the fishtank specials (I'll leave that mystery for you to figure out),  play a little shuffleboard or darts, and of course, check out their great jukebox.  It's even been updated since 2003 (a rarity for sure at many local dive bars around here).   But like every rose has its thorn, every dive bar visitor must be warned.... the ceiling is a little scary looking (brown/white with a few tiles bubbling), I always find myself thinking "I-hope-I'm-not-inhaling-asbestos-and-standing-beneath-it-when-it-comes-crashing-down"  (my advice: avoid the DD when it's raining, who knows if the ceiling will hold up!).   The ladies room, well girls... don't break the seal if you can avoid it  (or run next door to Zipp's if you can't).   The bar stools and tables may have seen better days, I ran my hand across the bar stool to find a nail had worn through and luckily averted a nail-in-my-a$$ crisis, but I'm sure some poor schmuck somewhere is nursing his wound and wondering what the heck happened.  Ah the joys of the dive bars!   Live a little, take some risks!  The Dilly is a great place to drink cheaply, relax and have fun.  We've met some cool people there for sure and I definitely plan on continuing to frequent the place...well, frequently.  =)
4	You'll find all kinds at this local no frills neighborhood dive... Bankers to barflies. Clean, cool staff, cheap drinks and good times.I like to sneak in here for afternoon ballgame viewing.Pool table, juke box, and a fish tank!Enough said.
3	Its a pretty nondescript dive.  Its basically a hallway, which makes its kind of neat... and there is a big fish tank with weirdly cool fish to stare at.  Otherwise its your typical dive bar atmosphere.  They do have 'fish tank specials' which means that about 10 bottles are lined up in front of the fishies and they are marked pretty cheaply (naturally the price is written in Sharpie on the bottle).  I wanted to try the 'chocolate vodka' so I basically got a really full glass of straight vodka for $2.50.  Odd drink but lots of alcohol quite inexpensively.  The bartender had to have been high on something.  No complaints though... she was hilarious just to watch.  I would definitely go back on any dive bar crawl.  - also try Darwins just two doors down!
4	Good reliable dive bar where cheap drinks and fun are the name of the game. You'll find a laid back, non-judgmental crowd along with a jukebox, pool tables, shuffleboard and darts. Go place to if you're thirsty and low on cash. I can't make any promises as to how you'll feel in the morning but you'll still have money in your wallet.
4	In short, the Dilly is a drinker's bar.  Cheap drinks, tons of regulars, and dark enough to make it easy to forget the world outside.  Hipsters beware, this isn't the Little Woody, it isn't the Vig...hell, it's not even Hazelwood's, but it is a great place to unwind.- pool table, check- darts, check- TVs, check- jukebox, check- strange edibles served out of a liquid-filled jar, check- seasoned, female bartender that doesn't take shit from anyone, check- fellow customer offering to give you a tattoo right there, for free, check
3	I've been here about 3 or 4 times.. It's cheap (which I love) that's why I gave 3 stars.. also because every time I've gone I have always met friendly people there. Theres always been one bartender every time I've gone. Never really busy enough to need more than one. Which is good, because I hate crowded places. I didn't give it any more stars than 3 because it is kind of dingy looking. The bathroom isn't the cleanest either. It's too dark for me. Which I get, bars are usually dark but it feels a little too dark for me. Just my opinion. it could use a nice remodel, but what do you expect with a dive bar? Over all it does have a good atmosphere. I like that the back has a smoking area... although they could use a couple chairs out there. Good cheap place with friendly people & somewhere good to go where u dont need to dress to impress. Very casual. Relaxed.
3	DIVE! So much it reminded me of Iowa - oh the good o days!Needless to say, Dilly Daily is what would some called a poop hole.  For me it's just fine.  Awesome juke box rocking out classics (No Biebers!), pool tables and dart games; and don't forget buck hunter!  The bar itself has a lot of fish tanks around plus it's old, dingy, and dark.  I'll be honest this place doesn't look clean what so ever haha!  Regardless, if you need a cheap drink this is your place!  It's filthy cheap!  I'm not sure about the filth part, but if need a hot chick or studly dude to serve you up some drinks then carry on my friends.  This is a place where you got friends at low places -- Enjoy!
4	This place is real. It's the real deal. Looking for a dive that might just as easily be in some suburb of Chicago or Omaha? Here's your place. Totally devoid of any pretentions, watched over by Barkeep Linda who is right on the money and actually pays attention to what you're ordering. This is a bar--a divey bar. It's not unclean or unsafe, but it's also not sun-shiney hippy-happy dipsy-doo, either. People will leave you alone if that's what you're after. Or if you want to talk they'll gladly talk.
4	Everything you would want in your neighborhood dive bar:- No windows, don't try keeping track of the time- Super cheap drinks, $7 for a Widmer Hefeweizen and Vodka soda- Pool table- Juke box- Shuffleboard- Pinball- Darts- Vending machine for when you get hungryFrom the outside this place can look a little intimidating, but when we walked in it was welcoming, no frills, but that's how I like it!
3	Pros: It's a dive bar and drinks are inexpensive. Cons: Five dollars worth of jukebox money came to no fruition in 2+ hours and a far-from-pleasant bartender. Summary: It's a cool joint, but be wary of the jukebox and don't expect any niceties depending on the bartender.
5	This one is long overdue. I've been coming to the Dilly for over 10yrs. It's Phoenix's best kept, not-so-secret, secret. Weekends are totally chill during the day and believe me when I say we all know each other. Evenings are a different crowd and it's usually packed. There's darts, shuffleboard, pool for .25 a game, the mandatory jukebox, and TVs everywhere. Drinks are generously poured, ridic reasonably priced and the bartenders are all amazing. Don't come here expecting the latest cocktail prepared by a mixologist - this is old-school, so no umbrellas or muddled anything in your drinks. There's a growing selection of bottled beers, but don't even think about asking to see a wine list. Also, ecigs are totally welcome, so go ahead and get your vape on inside the bar. Stop in and say hi. I promise you'll love it.
5	So very many bday parties here for the regulars. Thank the gods for water w lime. I'm just here to drop off bday cupcakes :)
2	Cool bar, fun crowd, horrible service.  I paid $25 for 4 drinks which is awesome, but cheap drinks comes at the price at bartenders who were slow to customers and smartass about that.  Every bar has a different appeal, but bad service ruins it for me.
