5	My husband and I had an early Saturday evening dinner here and loved it! I ordered the free-range chicken thinking maybe I should order something else since we make that at home fairly regularly. It's served with mashed potatoes and green bean casserole. I was pleasantly surprised, and reminded that I need cooking lessons, when every bite demanded the full attention of my tastebuds- YUM! My husband enjoyed his shrimp and grits and we both want to return. We've heard about big crowds and long waits here but seeing as though we arrived early, we experienced none of that. I did notice it had begun to pick up by the time we were leaving though. I was impressed that Zada Jane's is entirely non-smoking. Besides the obvious health benefits to all and kindness to children who might otherwise be subjected to second hand smoke, I think the quality of their food also deserves to be fully tasted.Excellent area to spend a few hours and walk around before or after dining.
1	My wife and I have dined at Zada Jane's on a number of occasions (both breakfast and lunch). After each dining experience, we have to ask ourselves ... why do we keep going back? Perhaps it's the offbeat location, the idea of a down to earth meal, or support for a local Charlotte establishment. Well I believe the verdict is in for our family. Zada Jane's is simply a poorly managed restaurant. Don't believe the hype, the service is terrible and the food is mediocre. For our dining dollars, consistently good eats along with great service are a must no matter what " restaurant concept" you are peddling.
4	My wife and I tried out Zada Janes for lunch and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised she had the Amaretto French toast and I had the Veg less Avenger with a side of sweet potato hash browns. This place is funky , eclectic and organic ,  a bit  crowded at lunch time so get there early but worth the slight wait.Complaints about service seemed overblown on our visit wait was no longer than what we've experienced at local corporate restaurants.Enjoy.
3	This place seemed pretty normal.  WE went at 11:15 on a Saturday and didn't have to wait.  The service was fine but not impressive.  They don't allow substitutions and i HATE that.  The omelet I had with goat cheese was quite yummy and the biscuits weren't bad.  If you are into that whole organic/natural thing then this is def the place for you.  I  have heard the coffee is good but I can't say from experience.
5	Zada Jane's, a neighborhood hotspot and with a fun, chill atmosphere, was an awesome addition to Plaza Midwood when it opened last fall. Like most breakfast spots in Charlotte, there can be a long wait for a table on the weekends. The servers are friendly, but it can also take a while to get your food.  If you've got the time, it's well worth the wait.Try the fluffy french toast topped with almonds or Bunny Rancheros, a combination of fried eggs, black beans and your choice of meat, topped with cheese, guacamole, salsa verde and cilantro crema, and served with warm flour tortillas.Zada Jane's offers some great vegetarian options, which can be a rare find in Charlotte. The patio is perfect for people-watching on Central Avenue and you can play shuffleboard outside while you wait.I recently tried Zada Jane's for dinner. While the dinner menu is pricier and more limited, they also had some breakfast and lunch favorites available. I got the delicious veggie sandwich and my boyfriend loved the shrimp and grits.
5	This place has soul- LOVE it. Zada Janes has an eclectic mix of customers; the decoration is cozy and fun; and it is one of the few restaurants in Charlotte that offers great vegetarian options.
4	It's one of the newest spots in the Plaza-Midwood area, and I think it's a great addition. It's a little slow, but I've noticed that they are picking up the pace as they get more and more established. I think they might have been working out some of the kinks when it first opened.Breakfast is great, and I also enjoy getting lunch from here. The hummus is homemade and spectacular, and I like the wide range of teas to choose from. There are tons of vegetarian options, which makes me happy (if a bit overwhelmed with all the things I can choose from. I get used to finding the one veggie possibility and ordering that one, so when there are so many choices, I'm sometimes flabbergasted.)The atmosphere is bright and interesting, and the servers are really friendly.
2	I've eaten at Zada Janes's many times. The experiences have run the gamut.  Sometimes, there has been no wait at all, one time, my party waited over 30 minutes until we noticed people being seated who arrived after us.Sometimes, the service is great (sitting at the bar when Charlotte is working. Other times it's been slow and frustrating (messing up orders, not reflling coffee, etc.)The food has been delicious on all but one occasion.After my first few visits, this was a favorite brunch place to take out of town visitors, but now seems too erratic to risk it.I've spoken to the owner about one of the bad experiences, while he was apologetic, things don't seem to have improved.
4	This place added to the general sense I got in Charlotte during a recent visit.  I couldn't believe how much the City had going for it, and it kind of blew me away.  But this review is not about the City, just about Zada Janes.There's a great outdoor seating area with fully equipped shuffleboard courts (are they even called "courts"?), but we chose to sit inside the restaurant, which is a really colorful and airy space.The service was prompt and friendly.  I got the basic two eggs breakfast (over medium eggs came perfectly cooked), and ordered sides of grits and veg-sausage.  They messed this up and gave me potatoes instead of grits, but the potatoes were awfully good.We also got pancakes, which were uncommonly good.I'm looking forward to gong back for dinner, and will update this post after that visit.This place is yet another jewel in the Queen City's crown.
3	Zada Jane's is a great little place in Plaza Midowwd. I've been about 7 times and everytime the food was terrific. However, the service is slooooooooooooow. And I don't mean that it takes a long time to get your food, I mean it takes a long time for your to get seated, then it takes a long time for your server to take your drink order, than it takes a long time for your drinks to arrive, then it akes a long time for your server to take your meal order. And so on. The line is always long because the service is so slow. Last time I was there, we had a group of 6 for lunch. It was 11:30 on a Wednesday and we were one of 3 tables, took us 1 1/2 hours -- and not b/c we were chatting it up.So, if you have lots of patience and aren't too hungry, then give it a try. If not, then try Dish -- it's just across the street.
4	I was looking for someplace new and fun to take an out-of-town friend for breakfast.  After running a quick search on Yelp, Zada Jane's popped up and it sounded like just what I was looking for. We went on a chilly morning around 11:00 on a Monday (the MLK Jr. holiday) and it was quite busy.  Thankfully, not busy enough that we couldn't get a table, as I've heard the lines can be horrendous on Sunday mornings.  We were told to sit anywhere.  We sat far away from the door that people kept opening and letting in very cold air. We were impressed by the menu offerings.  They were different and unique, as well as offering vegetarian options.  My friend and I both went with Booker T's East Side Hasher, which consisted of eggs, sausage (regular, turkey, or soy), and cheese atop sweet potato hashbrowns, served with a crispy biscuit.  Not to get technical, but the "hashbrowns" were actually home fries (i.e., cubed fried potatoes vs. shredded).  They not only were made from sweet potatoes, but also tasted like they were coated in a sweet honey.  YUM.  The eggs and biscuits were delicious, too.  Good choice! And I agree with other reviewers that the coffee was excellent...although I would have liked more.  The service there isn't the fastest, and we didn't see our server that often (hence, only one refill on coffee).  After we finished our meal, another 15-20 minutes was added onto our time waiting for the bill and then paying for it.  Time that another good cup of coffee would have helped pass.  I'm looking forward to going back, but will go when time is not of the essence.  Food = good.  Service = average.
4	Talking about Zada Jane's is like talking about my Mama. She's wacky, wonderful, generally lots of fun, but a little inconsistent at times. I love to go here, sit on the patio and nosh on a big honkin' Bunny Rancheros egg-stravaganza and have the fluffy homemade biscuit smothered in local apple butter for dessert. They make a mean Bloody Mary, too. There's always good rock and roll music playing, lots of local color to enjoy, and a varied menu with something for everyone. The biggest problem with Zada Jane's, as I see it, is its popularity. Because the indoor area is on the small size, inclement or cold weather can bring everyone indoors. It has also become a destination spot for Sunday brunch, so the wait is long and service is slow. If you're chill, however, there's nothing homier or more welcoming than a visit to ZJ's. You'll leave with a full tummy and a head full of good karma.
4	I've been to this place twice now.  The first time was for brunch, and I thought it was really good.  Very eclectic, with a neat mix of neighborhood folks and a wonderful breakfast menu.  So, in my head it became a breakfast place.  However, my husband has gone there several times for dinner at times when I've been out of town or unable to join him, and he always said it was good.  Last night, I was craving something a little naughty (you know, cheesy, gooey, etc).  We were having a hard time trying to decide where to go, and I happened upon the Zada Jane's website and menu.  They have a really cool interpretation of nachos that sounded so good to me that we decided to go there.  Even after hearing about the specials, I stuck to my initial idea about the nachos, with chicken on top.  Let me just tell you, I couldn't have been more pleased.  They have black beans, grilled zucchini, and corn covered in a very creamy manchego cheese sauce, topped with guacamole and sour cream.  So, it was a healthy-ier version of nachos with all of the yummy stuff that makes nachos great!  This is something that I'll order again (and again), and changed my thoughts about Zada Jane's being just a breakfast place.  It is actually a great neighborhood spot for any time of day.  The wait staff is incredibly friendly, and the chocolate cake rocked.  Go try Zada Jane's!
4	Very tastey, but a little pricey for dinner.  At least for my cheap budget.
4	By far my favorite place in Charlotte - the atmosphere is great and the food is amazing - never had a bad meal.  Try the Hummus Frummus Wrap - the hummus is amazing!
5	Can't miss Zada Jane's as you drive down Central.  Many order the breakfast which is served all day and is fresh and delicious.  But everything is good.  Try the Chicken Sandwich with caramelized onions and some sort of basil-pesto sauce that is out of this world.  The co-owner, Roger, is a great guy.  Cool art on the wall.  Must sit outside on a nice cool morning.  Expect to wait to be seated for breakfast/brunch.  But there is obviously a reason for this and it gives you time to play cruise-ship shuffleboard!  Yes, indeed!
4	There is nothing like moving across a city to help you discover places you should have been going since the re-location.  Zada Jane's was exactly that for me on this past rainy Saturday afternoon.  My bf and I stopped in, were promptly seated, and soon I consumed one of those meals that you swear you would eat again three hours later, in its entirety.  The Bunny Racheros....where, oh where, have you been all my life?!?!  I am a huevos rancheros fan anyway and this one takes it to a whole 'nother level, seriously.  Black beans, fried eggs, pepper jack cheese sauce, cilantro crema, turkey sausage....I'm salivating just thinking about it.  It was so, so good!  My boyfriend had a "vegless avenger" omelet, which to me is gross due to the excessive amount of meat, but he said it was "okay" but he would not order it again.  Take from that what you will.  The biscuits were as promised....fluffy and full of TLC.  I also had an enormous vanilla latte which was damn near perfect.  I can see how this place could get crowded, and no, our service wasn't the fastest, but for a chill Saturday, it was perfect.  I imagine this will be our weekly stop from now on.  As Kevin put it, "Pancake House who??"
3	Reading the other reviews makes me wonder if I was in a completely different restaurant.  It sounds about the same, but something was just... off.Zada Jane's appears to have that hip vibe, there are tables outside, and there are even shuffleboard courts outside if you want to play alongside Central Avenue.But busy?  Not this Friday night.  It was almost a ghost town.  Maybe some mornings.  Breakfast all day?  Yes, that appears to be the case - but I'd call it a few pared-down offerings, or at best a couple of items that are enough breakfast-like that they can be eaten all day.  Not really a full-blown breakfast menu.  Friendly staff?  They are nice enough, but they really suck at service.  Glasses are empty for a really long time before they get to refilling them.The menu is absolutely eclectic, I won't argue that.  But I'm not really an eclectic person.  I like to get things that I can't get elsewhere, but I'm not vegetarian or overly organic, either.  In some cases, ZJ's seems to be both.  And pricey to boot.While the food isn't bad, so-so service and everything else just means that we aren't really big fans of the place.  I'd rather go down the street to the Penguin.  Much more my style, unhealthy food and all.
2	The food is OK and the service is consistent -- consistently irritating. Why do servers look right at you, see you waving at them, then proceed to lazily wipe a vacant table when no one is waiting, rather than take the orders of the people who are???
5	My husband & I were visiting Charlotte for the first time and my sister recommended Zada Jane's for breakfast. Everything was excellent, especially the roasted spuds and biscuit with the mixed berry jelly! We were in town for 5 days and ate here 3 of them. It was so good we figured there was no reason to try breakfast anywhere else.
4	To be honest, I haven't been to Zada's in a few weeks, as the mood for their awesome breakfasts always strikes me when the line outside is 30 people deep. At that point, I run for Landmark, and curse the concept of brunch.But anyway. So the prices are a little high and the portions are a little small, but remember that most of the produce is sourced locally (think the same goes for the eggs and dairy, don't hold me to that though), which is a departure from your normal-arty-eggs-and-bacon breakfast joint, at least in CLT. Coffee is tops and DARK (yay!!) and yes, its extremely vegetarian friendly. There's even an amazing vegan breakfast option that I end up getting half the time, since it's so tasty. If you've ever tried to make tofu scramble really "work" as an egg substitute, you understand how challenging that can be!Lunch works, but even if it's 3pm, I'm ordering breakfast. Unless I'm ordering the veggie nachos. Good lord, those are tasty. We've also tried their dinner menu, and found it very expensive, if artful. The service at night (different manager) was pretty terrible, so we'll stick to ZJ's before 4.
3	Had my sis, who is a local resident, take Mom, my nephew, and me here for our last meal in Charlotte on 4/28.  Sis has never eaten here and was surprised that such a place existed.  Nice atmosphere.  Slow and impatient service (and I didn't even barrage her w/ questions like I normally do), with perhaps 1/8, or less, of restaurant capacity.  Food was good though, and they were as follows:Mom and sis shared w/ nephew- Bunny Rancheros ($8.95):http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aBLx9JlAMq_AuW6VAImSwg?select=0QyTXrou9KTH477vIOxaWg#0QyTXrou9KTH477vIOxaWgA pic of my nephew's side of pancakes http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aBLx9JlAMq_AuW6VAImSwg?select=WaeabUhvm3nHqN9G4nLH8A#WaeabUhvm3nHqN9G4nLH8A"a bed of sweet potato hash browns topped with two Happy Eggsfrittata style with your choice of local Grateful Growers pork sausage,turkey sausage, or soysage,then covered with melted cheddar cheeseand green onions - choice of toast or TLC biscuit"Yours truly- Grande Quande ($8.95), which is The Zada Janer 28205 Basic Breakfast ($6.95), plus a pancake:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aBLx9JlAMq_AuW6VAImSwg?select=CfqNtH_Bj68CHWmYukYs0g#CfqNtH_Bj68CHWmYukYs0g"two Free Range happy eggs any style with choice ofone protein,and one carb, plus toast or TLC biscuit"The rancheros was nicely presented, and enjoyed by all three!  I must note, however, that both sister and Mom did NOT enjoy their cups of fair trade coffee, which they claimed tasted too bitter and stale.I requested my eggs over medium, but they arrived well-done.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aBLx9JlAMq_AuW6VAImSwg?select=jnIy6l_IkpBwSMFLhBfTQw#jnIy6l_IkpBwSMFLhBfTQw  My protein choice was some wonderful country bacon (crispy pan-fried smoky pieces of ham sliced very thick!), and two small gluten-free pancakes that took the place of the bread and my side order of pancake.  These pancakes were tasty, albeit very greasy, a fact that wasn't evident until I unwrapped some leftovers to have on the plane a few hours later, which ended up in the garbage.  I really enjoyed the side of sweet potato hash- a tasty alternative to regular potatoes, which I am not able to consume anymore these days.Overall, we enjoyed the food, but not the wait.
1	WOW....is all I can say.  I can now say that I have had the WORST service I have ever ever ever experienced tonight....sadly, our table was not alone.  Slow, slow, and pitiful.  Seriously, my friend was timing, bc she warned us that they are always slow  30 minutes from sit down to order taking.  Food took another half-hour to get out.  Food was tepid at best.Then came the paying debacle.  It took 50 minutes and that is no exaggeration from when we asked for the check for us to leave.  This is after they ran our bills wrong, were simply befuddled on how to do a void.   I was warned they were always pretty slow, but this was a record for me.    I would also say that none of the other servers were too interested in help this poor thing and they were equally moving slower than molasses, not thinking of the greater good of the restaurants image.  My friend left nothing.   I'm the patron saint of all servers after doing it for years, but this is the 1st time I've never left at least 10%.  $1 was all I could muster up on a $37 ticket for 2 people.  I guess the manager came out after all of this mess to see what she could do to have us come back.  My friend asked for her money back since she did ask, and she said she couldn't do that but offer a gift certificate.  That wouldn't work since she won't be back.  I won't be back, which is a shame, bc I like the place and my sandwich was good.BTW they charged $4 for a glass of chocolate milk for a kid...WTF?
5	Some friends were in from Atlanta and we stumbled on Zada Janes while looking for a brunch place. We didn't have to wait long and we were able to get a cup of coffee while we waited to sit down. The service was great and our waitress was extremely nice. I've read some reviews that service can be slow, but we didn't have any problems. The food was great (I had the pancakes and cheese grits- yum!) and I can wait to go back and try more of their food.
4	This is a great establishment. After looking for a little Asheville style restaurant we finally found Zada Jane's. We have come here a few times during the week and have always been happy with everything.
3	I've been to Zada Janes more times than I can count.  When it first opened I was eager to give it a chance and they seemed eager to please.  It seems to me that Zada Jane's head has gotten a little big as of late.  The waitstaff is now so elite they could care less to actually serve their customers.  One time, the hostess made us sit outside when it was sprinkling.  She didn't even ask if we wanted to sit inside.  And we were the only people out there.  Our waitress moved us inside the first chance she had.   Over a year ago, I took my dog and ate outside.  The waitress brought me a cup of water for her without me asking.  Wow, have things changed.  This past weekend, a friend and I went for breakfast around 1pm.  We didn't have to wait because we ended up sitting at the bar.  After being seated, we weren't even acknowledged for over 10 minutes but the guy behind the counter was busy serving everyone around us.  When he finally took our drink orders, I was ready to place my order, but he didn't stick around long enough to ask.  It took another 10 minutes to get our drinks.  When we finally did order, he asked for our order and continued talking to other people (I wasn't even sure if he heard me).  After another 20 minutes, our food came out.  Redemption.  The food is delicious (and healthy).  I had the Blazing Saddles - it's an omelet with black beans and chicken topped with sour cream.  Run Down:  If your willing to put up with the snobby, elitist, slow waitstaff to get some delicious breakfast food and you have a couple hours to loaf around, this is a great place for breakfast.  I'm not saying the service is ALWAYS this bad, but I wouldn't risk it.  If you are hungry and you see people waiting to be seated, turn around and go to the Dish or Penguin.  Their service is always fast and friendly.  If you still want breakfast, try the Original Pancake House.
4	Love a great breakfast place. While in Charlotte, decided to give Zada Jane's a try, based mostly on the reviews. Went on Friday 7/3, during the 4th weekend. I'm from Atlanta and, at first, I thought this place was a knockoff of the Flying Bisquit (which, by the way, I understand has opened one in Charlotte). The same eclectic decor and a very similar menu.  Food is quite good. However, the service was atrocious. I asked the owner if the slow service was due to lack of help on a holiday weekend and she said it was. Like an idiot (mostly because my wife insisted) I gave it another try the next day. Slightly better service but pretty much the same results. The best part was that they have a patio area where we can take the dog while we eat. Lots of people, many with dogs.The food is good enough to give it one more try but not on a holiday weekend.
4	I've eaten at Zada Jane's twice: once solo, probably close to a year ago, and once with my s.o., just this past weekend.I spotted Zada Jane's (but didn't eat there) while in the Plaza Midwood neighborhood in Winter 2008 ... oh, and I came down with a vicious case of influenza later that evening! Despite having body and mind ravaged by this particularly agressive strain, I managed to retain enough memory of the exterior of the building to locate it and finally eat there several months later. My experience that initial time wasn't particularly memorable ... the service was fine, though: I had a nice beer, a dish that involved falafel, and ran into a friend of my college roommate from freshman year at Appalachian State. I'm a native of Rutherford County, an hour west of Charlotte, and I've never been a big fan of the city -- I'd much rather drive an hour to Asheville for my cultural activities. However, Plaza Midwood surprised me, and I knew that, when passing through or near Charlotte, I would make it a point to return.That happened this past weekend. After taking a job-related certification exam in Thomasville, I met up with my girlfriend and her friends for a birthday celebration at Carowinds. My s.o. and I are not big theme-park fans, but we enjoyed ourselves; when the groups separated, though, I knew that she would appreciate deviating from the consumerist excesses that we'd just experienced, so we drove into Charlotte, through the Myers Park area, asked directions to Plaza Midwood from a nice couple out for an evening walk, and made our way to the parking lot behind Zada Jane's.We arrived sometime after 8, were promptly given our choice of tables on the patio, and were reasonably quickly attended to. Our server was young, bright, friendly, and not at all snobby, and we jumped at the first special she mentioned: an appetizer of heirloom tomatoes topped with fresh mozzarella, mango salsa, basil, and balsamic vineger. We weren't disappointed, as this turned out to be one of the highlights of the meal. My s.o ordered another special -- lentil gespacho, the soup of the day -- and a crabcake sandwich, while I went for breakfast at night: Bunny's Rancheros. I'm not a shellfish enthusiast, but I enjoyed the bite I had of her sandwich; the soup d'jour, on the other hand, was downright remarkable. And I enthusiastically ate bunny's eggs, y'all; it was probably the best dish of huevos rancheros I've ever eaten, and that's saying a lot considering the terrific versions of this available at Sunny Point in West Asheville.Overall a great experience: friendly, helpful staff; reasonably quick service (in spite of the restaurant's patio filling up QUICKLY  after we arrived); and seriously impressive food quality and complexity of flavors. Would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone. After leaving this dream meal/date location, we went to the much less enjoyable Rock Bottom to enjoy a quick drink with the birthday crowd at this corporate take on the brewery-restaurant genre. I have to admit: my girlfriend and I looked upon our friends' food (and enjoyment of same) with a mix of pity and contempt following the impressive, local meal we had just consumed.
4	If you are looking for a great breakfast place, this is it. Sweet potato hashbrowns, free wi-fi, and a nice atmosphere--what's not to love?  Yes, it can get busy, but so can I.  Let's not judge. Be aware that they serve ice in their orange juice.
4	Great brunch spot, especially out on the patio!  I had the blazing saddle omelet and it was yummy as were the breakfast potatoes, toast and biscuit.  I can only imagine how busy it must get on the weekends but it's worth the wait!
4	I had heard this place was really popular for brunch, and that is really an underestimate. It's jam packed! We got there at 9:30 on a Sunday and literally by seconds beat the massive crowd. We ended up getting a table after about 10 minutes, but the food took about 40, which was definitely disappointing. However, I really loved the funky atmosphere with different mugs and knick knacks--see if you can find the spaceman next time you are there! The food was really great as well. Since I live in Boston now, I was craving a biscuit and it was super delicious! I took bites of most of the food people at my table was eating. I enjoyed my omelet, the pancakes, the potatoes and of course that biscuit. If you plan on going on a Sunday, I would get there early, or come when you aren't so hungry. Waiting with all that yummy food around is torture!
4	Went to Zada's when I was in Charlotte this past weekend.  It is a nice funky cafe with great breakfasts.  They have a version of huevos rancheros called bunny rancheros that is delicious.  I ordered the East Side Hasher - and it was yummy .  They serve sweet potato hash browns and have quick and friendly service.  If you are in Charlotte and looking for a good breakfast/brunch head here.  Make a reservation or arrive early this place gets busy and has a line out the door.
4	Being an Asheville native, Zada Jane's feels familiar. Sunny Point, Early Girls, Over Easy; they all came to mind the first time I walked in. It wasn't until I had a pleasant conversation with a Zada Jane's founder that I learned this feeling is not a coincidence, or blind admiration, but instead a calculated effort. "I love Asheville" he said. "I lived there for many years and miss going to places like Sunny Point. Charlotte needs more places like that." I couldn't agree more. The food has been above average the half-dozen meals I've had at Zada's, though somewhat inconsistent. It seems the later it is, with fewer people inside, the better the food tastes. You certainly won't find a better eggs dish any where in town at 9:45pm on a weeknight.   If located in downtown Asheville, Zada's may be viewed in a different light. It's out matched by Sunny Point and Over Easy. But in the Queen City, Zada's it's in a class of it's own.
3	Very fun, eclectic feel. The atmosphere seems like a place where creativity would thrive. We had a special dip with mint and feta cheese with pita bread, which was delicious! The Green Mindmelt Panini was very good as well. The service was friendly. We didn't feel rushed so we were able to enjoy the evening, no pressure.Zada Jane's is a quirky cafe which gives the impression that it is a casual and moderately priced place; however, they have some high priced entrees on the menu. The fancy entrees feel misplaced here. I think that if I want to spend a lot on a steak, I would go elsewhere for the environment.
2	I ended up here for lunch with a couple friends and going in we knew nothing about this restaurant.  The interior was fun but the service a little awkward.  We immediately noticed that the lunch selections were very limited and it seemed to be more of a breakfast/brunch place.  I had the hummus wrap which wasn't bad.  My friends had the nachos and their turkey sandwich.  Overall we were not too excited about our experience.  I think that I will save this for a special occasion breakfast until then I will be somewheres else.
4	Hippie food in the South almost never turns out well, so it's refreshing to find a place that nails it.  Zada Janes is totally eclectic; both their interior and their menu reflect the quirky attitude.  I love it.We've only been twice on two consecutive visits to Charlotte, and it's fast becoming a must-stop place. Everything I've tasted, from their soups to hummus to salads, has been delicious.
3	This was my first trip to Zada Janes, my new years resolution was to eat at a new restaurant every week that I'd never been to. This is my starting point, one review down 51 left to go. My steak sandwich was cooked quite well, and piled full of tender pieces of steak. Unfortunately the same can't be said for my friends food. Both got sandwiches and one side each, small portions all around except mine. I felt many of the options were a little pricy, but that could just be me.  My waitress was very awesome, she even checked on the name of a song that was playing for a friend of mine.Yeah the inside is "funky" and "creative" so is Fuel down the street, and most other places in plaza midwood. So that alone wouldn't be enough to draw me in. Final verdict. My meal was filling, but then again I believe they used a whole cow for mine.  We had to stop at McDonald's for one of the group because of such small serving sizes. So chances are it was a one stop place
2	Service = D-Food = B+Ambience = BPrices = D+Don't go here if you are in a hurry, or looking for value. The food is good, but the prices are too high for what you get, and the service is most decidedly NOT worth the wait.No amount of free range this, organic that, or veggie whazzat can make up for a lack of smiles, apparent disorganization and just plain coldness. SMILE and you disarm me. If there is going to be a wait for a table, don't just offer me a seat at the bar, offer to SERVE me there, too. When I'm waiting on my food, and eating, freshen my drink more often and I'll be happy. If the kitchen is backed up, let me know that. But for gog's sake, don't look like you *know* it's falling apart around you. I'll wonder if the food is safe!Pity... This place has a lot of potential. They need to figure out that when they are full, the game is turning tables efficiently. Believe me, many people in the place wanted to get in and out faster than the help wanted them to. We heard some of them talking about it. ("Where's our food? I need another drink. Damn, they're slow!)Service can be attentive without being smothering. I guess what I'm saying is, make me feel appreciated, welcome, pampered, and *served* and I won't feel so taken by the high price. Don't make me wait for the check. Come by and offer me a chance to add to it.
3	Had an omelette.  Nothing fantastic, but good.  Service was hurried, but there was a mob waiting to eat.  Don't go when you are hungry on a Sunday morning - you might starve!
4	Popped in today fior a late breakfast/early lunch while in the neighborhood. Random artsy vibe...lots to look at inside (still trying to figure out the picture that seemed to be an evil rooster-type creature with long stick legs).  Bar area was full of people peacefully reading the newspaper or sipping coffee. Decided to get sausage biscuit for my daughter (local sausage) and gravy biscuit for myself (and OJ and coffee).  BEST SAUSAGE EVER. EVER.Coffee was fine, biscuit was fine. Interesting people to watch. Kind of expensive. Ouch.
4	Good coffee, Great biscuits, great service.  They could use some sort of barrier to tone down the street noise
3	I have been to Zada Jane's a few times, and I am going to have to agree with everyone else. The food is great. The price and service are both horrible. Best thing about the place is their Brunch. Parking sucks, too.
4	Most of my family lives in Charlotte so every time I come visit from Chicago I make them take me to their favorite places to eat. This little restaurant is very quaint and eclectic. They staff is very friendly as long as you are perfectly happy with whatever their menu has. Trying to add or leave off something from a meal is considered almost sin. Its definitely the neighborhood hang out so don't expect to have service that quick or food that is warm every time to you come. Expect a casual, laid back experience. I had their veggie sandwich and "forced theM" to add turkey. Which I might get shunned for every time I go ... the sandwich was amazing however. They also serve breakfast all day long and it all looks good!I recommend checkin this place out ... have a drink with some breakfast, lunch or dinner and simply enjoy the outcome!
4	The staff has always been friendly each and every time!  The menu always has a variety and the atmosphere is pleasant and CLEAN!   I and my friends will definitely be going back!
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte. It's a unique artsy fartsy place off Central Avenue with a great selection of fresh organic food. I prefer the breakfast fare.I agree with Kaitlin. This is a neighborhood hangout and most times you'll be waiting 5-20 minutes to be seated. Parking is also a hassle.
2	Food - averagePrices - absurdly highStaff - rudeAtmosphere - crowded and obnoxious mix of wannabe granola/hipsters and plaza-midwood posersAdvice - walk across the street to John's Country Kitchen and save yourself $10 Enjoy.
2	Maybe 2.5 stars actually...Bottom line: as others posted, food is very good most of the time, portions are not big for what they ask u to pay, prices are high, and the wait staff...AHHH the wait staff. I think they suffer from what the "help" at Boris & Natachas suffer from: the too-cool-for-the-room aloofness that they try to sell as coolness. Its rare you see grumpier, more put-upon acting servers/help than you do there; if I want ill-acting servers I'll drive to the beach and go to Dicks Last Resort. If DISH started opening for breakfast I bet they'd draw a lot of folks from this place, as at DISH they serve similiar food and most of there folks are great.
3	The food had a nice flavor to it. And I enjoy the fact that they serve breakfast all day. On the negative side of things; the wait to be sat was way too long. The server was mediocre at best and the food was cold by the time that it got to us!
3	Food is great but a bit overpriced for what you get. I have been a few times and have had several different menu items. I do love that they have Greatful Growers pork (all natural). I normally do not eat pork, but this stuff is really good!!!Latte's are yummy!On the flip side....the parking, well...sucks..and there almost has always been a long wait and no where to sit...We also have never had a pleasant visit as far as the greeting/seating staff goes. They seem to be disconnected from the patron's and really could care less...Our server's have been kind though...so far :+)
3	Oh Zada Janes...such an adorable breakfast joint in the heart of Plaza Midwood. While I always want to love Zada Janes, I just like it. Maybe it's what I order?Anywho, I love the feel of Zada Janes. Yeah, the parking can be a bit irritating, especially on the weekends, but the location is perfect for sauntering around the area. Inside ZJ is bright, cheery and quirky - a great fit for the location. The menu is inspired and offers up a ton of egg-y options for breakfast, but I'm personally more of a carbo-loaded sweet fan for my morning meal. I know, healthy.But I stayed away from their pancakes and french toast to try out the Zada Janer - a simple, straight forward breakfast with eggs your style (my choice: scrambled), a protein (my choice: turkey bacon), a carb (my choice: fruit cup), and toast. The meal was just fine but nothing to write home about. My eggs were a little dry - maybe I'll ask for some cheesy scramblies next time? The fruit cup was generous and fresh and the turkey bacon was just so-so. For $8 this was plenty of food for me, but I can see how it could be perceived as a bit steep for bigger appetites. I want to love Zada Janes as the service is laid back and friendly and it's so cute and homey inside, but for now I just like it. I am, however, a big fan that they support local ingredients and neighborhood events. Next time I'm going to rely on the knowledgeable servers and go for the good stuff.
4	Came here last Sunday for brunch and I thought it was so cute. There was a little bit of a wait because they closed their outdoor seating area due to weather. Was told that the bloody mary's were really good so I ordered that along with the basic breakfast with over-medium eggs, biscuit, country ham, and sweet potato hash. Everything was delish except for the sweet potatoes they were a bit soggy. I hadn't had a decent biscuit and country ham in a while (I live in Los Angeles but grew up in Northern VA) and it was great. Very cute and fun environment. I recommend for brunch!
3	I have eaten at Zada Jane's twice in the past couple of weeks but sadly, enjoyed my first visit more than my second. On my first visit, I ordered the Bunny Rancheros and would have eaten the entire plate but did not for fear that my stomach would explode. It was absolutely delicious. Every element of the dish was perfect and would keep me coming back indefinitely. As I am contemplating my second trip, I am puzzled as to why I chose to deviate from the Bunny Rancheros but I suppose it makes me a more educated reviewer of the restuarant. I decided to order the East Side Hasher while my boyfriend ordered the Rancheros at my urging. The Hasher was O.K. but really nothing special. The eggs were a bit overcooked and it was lacking seasoning but the sausage was in huge, delicious chunks and the sweet potatoes were amazing. Overall, I really like the atmosphere and the food at Zada Janes. There are vegan and vegetarian options all over the menu and they even have a full bar! The menu is very small but breakfast is served all day so it gives you a few more options than the lunch or dinner fare. The service is good, the restaurant is cute, and the ingredients are fresh so I will definitely be returning.
4	i pretty much stick to zj's on sundays, usually hungover and they make me right. very spicy and fresh bloody's which i love. UNREAL homemade veggie burgers, great breakfast and usually an awesome vibe kicking, its always a little busy and always has good tunes jamming. for everyone one else they have a wide selection on the menu, some really good beers and a very cool staff. overall a GREAT spot for sunday brunch/lunch or late lunch (my style). i was a vegetarian years ago, im not anymore but love and eat a lot of their veggie fare bc of how good and fresh it all is. try zj's it will not disappoint.
3	i've visited z.j.'s several times and its usually on saturday's.... it's usually super crowded until late afternoon. i love the organic menu items. sweet potato hashbrowns on the booker t, bisquits and the delicious homemade jam. the service is always spotty at best. i have had a couple bad service moments i.e. the waitress told my friend and i to hurry up because others were waiting for tables. RUDE! but i returned b/c  i love the food and the cool, crunchy people that visit. occasionally i happen upon a great service experience... but that doesn't happen the majority of the time.
5	Very good omelets, wonderful biscuits and it's a lot of fun to squirt jam out of a bottle.  Be prepared to be extremely full - southern style heavy cooking with a healthy twist.  Vegetarians and meat lovers can happily eat at the same table.
4	Truly unique amongst Charlotte establishments with thrifted decor, bright colors and tattoo'ed waitstaff. You would almost think you are in Austin, Portland, or Brooklyn.The menu is your standard diner fare, tweaked a bit. Veggie options abound (I love soysage). The wait is long during the normal busy times, like Sunday morning or lunch time, and for good reason. The place is freakin' adorable.  One visit, during a particularly busy time, my party was given free Mimosas due to the staff needing to have us move tables. This earned my eternal gratitude.It also seems to be highly populated by very fashionable and put-together women and hotty men. Always a plus.
4	My wife and I had breakfast at Zada Jane's today after church.  We anticipated that we would have to wait, but were fortunate to get a couple of seats at the counter.  I had tha Amaretto French Toast.  It was delicious and it was accompanied with orange butter.  The combination was wonderful.Also, we had the pleasure of meeting with and being served by Roger.  He is a delightul person and takes good care of you.  Zada Janes offers a great value for themoney with their generous, but not outrageous portions and their moderate prices.
4	After reading the reviews saying not to go on a Sunday morning because it would be mobbed, a friend and I decided to brave it anyway. Thanks to everyone who posted saying parking was a bitch; we parked in the little shopping mall .2 miles from the restaurant and strolled down because it was such a gorgeous morning. WAIT: The place was, in fact, mobbed. We were told a 25-30 minute wait before we'd be seated if we didn't have a preference as to in or out doors. We didn't, and it was a gorgeous day, so we walked down the street to get a couple lattes before being seated. SERVICE: Everyone seems to say that the service is slow, grouchy, and elitist, and I can definitely see whereas it may be the case. However, we lucked out by getting a seat at the bar. Funky people to talk to, and the guy servicing it was helpful, attentive, and rather funny to talk to. In the end, I'm glad that we ended up sitting at the bar instead of outside. Also, we received our food within 10-15 minutes of ordering, and he took our drink order right when we sat, then our regular order 5 minutes later. And keep in mind, this is still with a full house and people piling out the door. FOOD: I'm not quite sure what it is, but their grapefruit juice is outta this world. I need to know what brand they use, because I want to buy it. My friend ended up getting the Booker T., and this was my first experience with sweet potato fries. DAMN were they good. The egg with cheese and sausage in it was also tasty but the sweet potato fries just were amazing taste-wise. I was feeling something light, and ended up with the breakfast salad. They forgot to put the bacon on the salad which was fine because they brought it out on the side instead, which I preferred. The bacon, by the way, was absolutely outstanding. As a bacon connoisseur, I feel okay admitting that. The greens were the kind of organic mesclun mix that I was used to eating in Maine, and it kind of made me ache of home. The potatoes were good, but I was still envious of my friend's sweet potato home fries. Biscuit with the egg on top to finish was also great.I know people have complained about portion size on here, but we both ended up bringing the rest of ours home and making a second meal out of it, so no complaints over here.PRICE: Some things were a bit pricy, but as a person who worked in an organic food store, I know what they're probably paying for the produce and protein. The prices being a bit high are understandable if you know how pricy organic stuff can be. I'm not a stuffy organic know-it-all by any means, but having eaten and grown stuff like that and getting used to it, you don't mind throwing down a little extra coin for quality and nostalgia. Bottom line:Bar = better/faster serviceSweet potato fries = absolutely amazingIf you like to eat organic and free range, price = not bad at all
4	I am a fan. Unfortunately for me my day of choice is Sunday for egging it up. Sunday is usually the OMG did I really drink ALL of that last night and the only thing that could make me feel better is the Bunny Ranchero day. Well, this Sunday was no different except we thought we could beat the crowd if we got up early. So we set the alarm and rolled outta bed, brushed the choppers and were there by 9:15 'ish. Dang if the patio wasn't completely filled already. Did these people sleep here? So, to the bar we went. Roger the owner is also the quirky fellow behind the bar. He always makes me laugh. On this occasion I decided against the Bunny Ranchero and switched it up for something sweet. I had the last piece of pecan cake which was just what the doctor ordered. Served on the cake plate itself with dollop's of whipped cream so you can saver all the crumbs, that, and a coffee in a chipped mug made me feel like I was home. I like the whole vegan, vegetarian vibe. I am not a fan of cows and piggies... I mean I like them so I don't eat them and for me, I feel like they have a great variety of protein options. I just wish so many others didn't feel the same way, well at least on Sunday mornings.
2	I stopped by Zada for the first time this week for a mid morning breakfast.  The service was fine, and the menu selection was diverse with some very interesting vegan and vegetarian options.  When I ordered my breakfast combo, the menu indicated I could pick one protein and one carb - and the carb I requested was the cup of fruit.  To my surprise, the waitress told me that there was an upcharge for this - really? an upcharge for a few pieces of melon, when my other options were potatoes, gritz, and a variety of other pretty unhealthy choices!  The food itself was just decent...my scrambled eggs weren't very warm and weren't overly exciting - the turkey bacon had a unique taste and was pretty good, but the biscuit I had seemed rather old, as it was really dried out.  Overall Zada had a nice feel to it, a very unique place with unique menu selections, but I left rather disappointed.
4	This is by far one of my favorite places for Sunday brunch.. or Tuesday brunch for that matter.  I love the fact that they always have breakfast no matter what time of day, but of coure, what tops it off for me are the gluten free pancakes.  These aren't dinkly little sad pancakes either, they're HUGE and I don't think I've ever left Zada's without a to-go box.  The owner is also among one of the friendliest and most helpful restaurant owners I've ever contacted.  He was happy to answer questions about products that could contain gluten while showing interest in what exactly gluten was.  They even offer gluten free toast in addition to the gluten free pancake!I usually go with the Booker T, but everything on the menu is delicious.
3	oh Zada Janes...i love the smell of the cafe.. the food.. and the huge white piece of cake in the glass cake holder on the bar.. the people that work at the place know that it gets busy.. and they are working to get you served and outta there. on a sunday, we were there right when zada's opened.. and within 10 minutes tops the entire place was full... take a glance at the menu, and decide what you want... enjoy the scenery of hipsters... and refill yer coffee mug a few times. i've only been there for breakfast, but its been good every time. i recommend the french toast and juevos rancheros.char jar.
3	I've honestly been a few times to Zada Janes and I have to say... mehh, it's alright.  I've taken family from out of town thinking that the wait will be worth it...  not so much. It's a nice place to go, but don't rush to get there and wait, I personally don't feel it's worth it.  The price is affordable and reasonable.  The staff is decent, not overwhelmingly friendly the times I've gone and one of the visits we had to hunt down the waitress to get the bill.  The food is fair, with a great selection of omelets and vegan/vegetarian friendly dishes, which always makes me smile :).  I would recommend this place, but on your time, not theirs!  Go when it's slow!
5	This is a very sweet place. Great energy and people. Roger is very hospitable. The sweet tea is amazing as are the jams but the kicker for this vegan was the tofu scramble. It's the best I've had. EVER. Thanks so much to Zada Janes!!
5	This place has it all- outside games (like stand up shuffleboard, corn hole...), an amazing staff- a really fun environment.  And, if you are vegan and stuck in Charlotte, they can make you a vegan tofu scramble wrap.  It will make you remember how awesome it is to be a vegan and happy that you decided to be one.I'd recommend you add their hot sauce AND Lorenzo's sauce on the wrap- you won't want it to ever leave your mouth.
4	I don't think Charlotte has alot of strong options for brunch but Zada Jane's proved me wrong. I checked this place out yesterday for brunch and left with a full belly and happy thoughts. The inside is eclectic and funky with bright colors with knick knacks everywhere and artwork by local artists on the walls. It reminded me of a place I would find in San Francisco or another liberal city and that make me happy. Plus every song that came on was something found on my ipod so good music, bright colors and big brunch menu? Count me in. I got the Booker T's East Side Hasher. The bottom layer was the sweet potatoes which had a hint of cinnamon, then the sausage (you can get piggy, turkey or soyage!!) topped with eggs, cheese and green onions. I just stared at this when they brought it to me because I wasn't sure on how to conquer this bad boy but I just started from the right and kept on going. The biscuit was fabu as well (not too dry yet not a grease bomb ala Bojangles) and they had a mixed berry jam and apple butter at the table in squirt bottles, which I found charming. I can't wait to go back here again and try one of their savory/sweet dishes for breakfast. I also loved their coffee, strong and they don't have matching coffee cups so you can get a funky cup from their collection or bring your own. I heard that you have to wait forever at this place and that parking can be a pain but I didn't experience that at all. Maybe it was because of the hour change? No clue. We were packed like sardines in there so if you're claustrophobic, this may not be the best option for you. When we left around noon, the outdoor area was packed, I can't wait to go back and play some corn hole while I wait!
5	This is as good as brunch gets. Came here around noon after a long night of partying in Charlotte, and I was in the mood for breakfast food. I ordered the Booker 's East Side Hasher (for $7.95) which included 2 eggs cooked fritatta style with sausage mixed in. There was gooey melted cheddar cheese on top with some chopped green onions for garnish. This was all layed on top of a bed of sweet potato hash, and came with a biscuit on the side. WONDERFUL. This was exactly what I wanted.I recommend sitting at the counter-- the young lady there was so pleasant, and fun to talk to. The atmosphere made me feel comfortable, like a place locals would go to often. Now every time I'm in Charlotte I'm going to have to come here for a meal. One of the best brunches I've had in my life!
3	My hubby and I was in the neighborhood after dropping our pup off at the local grooms, and wanted to grab a not to rat. After checking yelp for the local restaurants, we decided to go to Zada Janes because my husband is a big omelette fan and he especially love the build your own.So we pull into the small ten car only parking lot which could be a pain which we realize when it was time for us to leave. Someone parked right behind us, so being the great driver that I am, had to maneuver my way out of the space. FYI, back in to the parking space instead of pulling in. The outside of the building represents the neighborhood very well, very hip and artsy. Also the inside have local artists work, which keeps u intrigue while waiting for your food. It was semi busy, right before the noon lunch crowd. Server was nice and polite and helped us will some of the ingredients, but a little standoffish.Anyway we both ordered build your own omelettes, his with hashbrowns, and mine with a biscuit, since I wanted to try the apple butter that heard about. Receive meal 20 mins later and was surprised by the size of the omealette. It looked delicious and was good too. My hubby, the omealette conoseiuer just thought it was ok, average. Hashbrowns were average in my opinion though. I would definitely go back, if in the area, but I wouldn't drive across town to get there.
5	I've never been disappointed with the food here.  It's always been slow service and on weekends there is usually a wait to be seated, but as long as I prepare for that in advance, it's totally worth it.  I enjoy walking here on lazy days with visiting friends or my boyfriend, sometimes in our PJs.My favorites are the Bunny Rancheros, Soysage Herb Gravy Biscuits, Veggie Nachos, Seared Tuna Sandwich, and the Tilapia with Butternut Squash Risotto.
5	There is nothing more frustrating then waiting and waiting for a table first thing in the morning, especially after a night that was heavy on the Patron.  However I'll wait all day at Zada Jane's downing some of the best coffee I've had in the area. Typical wait can be around 15-30 minutes for a Saturday or Sunday brunch.  Once you do get seated order biscuits while you go through the menu because everything is good and you may go through a serious debate on what to order.  If I can be of any assistance I'll just say that you cant go wrong with the Amaretto French Toast or the Bunny Rancheros.
4	Due to the crazy lines on the weekend, I now only visit Zada Janes on off-hours (I realize this is becoming a theme in all my reviews--i.e., I hate going to places when they are busy. So be it).  When I do visit, I am particularly fond of Z-J's East-West breakfast--which is a tofu curry scramble that doesn't leave you with that gross I-ate-way-too-much-at-brunch feeling.  They also have more decadent offerings, such as their vanilla french toast and very delicious (if not artery-clogging) sweet potato egg hash.  If you ever have a chance, it is particularly nice to stop by during a weekday for brunch (a rare but lovely occurrence for me when it does happen), and I'm hopeful it will be a good place for me to grab a bite with my bambino when that time comes.  Also, they seem to have great hours and appear to be open throughout the day, for which I give them many many high fives.  Service has always been excellent here, too.
4	The food is awesome. The service is spotty at times. Not the place to go if you are in a rush to be somewhere soon. Great if you have the time to sit back, eat good food and enjoy people watching.
5	Zada Jane's is awesome. I eat there at least once a week.  Great outdoor seating.  Must try.
4	Every time I visit Charlotte I want to come here. The food is outstanding, I can't think of a better place to go to sober up from the night before. I also love that every coffee cup is unique.
4	I'm a regular breakfaster at Zada's during the week.  Weekends are kind of scary, but that's usually a good sign, I think.  I get together with some colleagues here once a month for consultation and communion and we wouldn't go anywhere else.  I've only had lunch or supper here maybe once each, so I can't comment too much on either.As for breakfast, however, this is where Zada's shines.  My favorite is the french toast, which is two thick and light pieces of brioche style bread, and is served with an orange zest butter.  I also love the bunny rancheros with chorizo, although they require a bib or a trip to the shower afterwards.  Think a pile of home fries and black bean with two over medium eggs, queso, sour cream, and guacamole on top with two flour tortilla.  I have recently been getting the east side hasher, which is sweet potato home fries with a meat (chorizo again, for me) and covered in scrambled eggs and cheese.  The biscuits are lovely.  They serve Grateful Growers products to support the local farmers.  All are delicious.  The only thing I've ever had that I didn't like was the pancakes, which I found heavy, although I've only tried them the one time.The ambiance is funky and fun.  The music is eclectic and ranges from torch to rap.  The staff are helpful and friendly in a homey way.  There is local art for sale on all of the walls.  The prices are on the upper side of reasonable, but I'm willing to pay for creativity and to keep fun places in the neighborhood.  The best breakfast I've found in Charlotte (after pining for years for Lynn's Paradise Cafe in Louisville).
3	No matter when I've gone - weekday, weekend, morning, or not, I've never had service worth a damn. But the food... Oooh, the food. So, SO good. Locally sourced ingredients and compelling receipts (that's Southern for "recipes," y'all, I didn't misspell it) keep me coming back.
4	Ahhhh good ole Zada Jane's, how we love you!  In all honesty, I think you deserve 4,.5 stars, but I am not allowed to award in half point star increments.  Our favorite late spring to early fall Sunday is spent on your lovely patio in the beautiful weather sharing a bottle (or 2) of HALF PRICE wine and your dip trio with pita points. Literally, it's an experience we live for. We can watch the little kids laugh and play cornhole, the locals walk around Central Ave, or be kids ourselves and play a game or two of cornhole. There is never a rush, the staff are some of the friendliest in the neighborhood, and the food is DEEEE-LI-CIOUSSS!!!!My favorite of all time is actually your green bean casserole.  I always order an extra side of it because my boyfriend won't let me steal his anymore! He loves that you serve breakfast all day and I love that we can sit together and watch the sun set while he eats his breakfast and I enjoy my free range chicken, shrimp n grits, flat iron steak sandwich, or wild mushroom ravioli.  I really can't explain the lovely experience you offer us. Any tips....more seating! If you could find more room for outdoor seating to help with waits on weekends, life would be oh so sweet. And here's a cheesy lead in, but we looove sharing your sweet, but not too sweet honey orange creme brulee to top off our meal and give us something to enjoy while finishing our (usually 2nd) bottle of wine.  And on the odd night that we don't get the brulee, we will walk on over to the DQ (gotta get that exercise!) and grab a cone to walk home with.  EIther way, we love you Zada J!
4	Great breakfast. Never had lunch or dinner. Has the character you expect of a Plaza Midwood joint. Great service without an attitude. Super patio for a nice day. Support locally owned businesses! It's good for the economy and encourages others to open and flourish so we can get something besides the big franchise steak houses in our banker town! Good stuff.
4	Very cool place!  Great location right off of central... and when it was as nice as it was outside like yesterday, it has a great outdoor eating patio.Went here after a 4mile race, so naturally we were all starving so the service seemed a little on the slow side (or we were just starving and dehydrated)... it's all good though because it was well worth the wait.I had the bunny rancheros with turkey sausage....  the food was too pretty to eat!  I got over it pretty quickly and devoured my meal in a matter of minutes.  Looks like they have really good biscuits here too - pair that with the local jam/jelly thats on the tables would be a winning combo.  I watched in envy as my friend ate 2 of those things in 4 quick bites.Local art is displayed on the walls so it makes for a cool place.
4	Great place for brunch.  Large portions, unique atmosphere, fast and friendly service.  Will eat there again!,!
4	I love going here for brunch or an early breakfast.  Convenient to home and I love how they offer you free coffee if there is a wait.  great place to chill and relax after a long night.  I never feel rushed here and I always order something different and have yet to be disappointed!
5	Stellar breakfast!This place knows how to differentiate. With a menu that is sure to please any hipsters pallet.Zada Janes goes all in on the local scene - including local art and local product and proteins.May i suggest the Booker T omelette with turkey sausage and cheddar. The sweetness of the sweet potato, the spiciness of the sausage, and the cheesey delciousness is the best way to start a Saturday morning.There is typically a line, but enjoy a cup of coffee, sit outside and enjoy the morning.
2	There's a lot to love about Zada Jane's.  The sweetness-and-light decor, the localish menu, the fact they generally have someone who knows something about coffee manning the cappuccino machine.The jelly comes in a squeeze bottle from 'Imladris Farms'.  Elves make their jelly, it's true.The food always sounds fantastic on the menu, letting you know which co-op produced which animal you're about to devour-and it's impossible to deny that the local-food and slow-food snobs .. er .. aficionados eat that stuff up.  Especially, in this case, the slow-food folks.  They should have nothing at all to complain about, because this chow creeps along as if they're out killing the pig by the dumpster.Let's talk about hipsters for a minute, shall we?There are hipsters for every category; most of us are familiar with the 'scene hipster', overly conscious about trends, which bars are the dive-y-ist, they like bands you've never heard of.  These are not the only stripe of hipster.Enter the 'foodie hipster'.  They know all these great local places you've never heard of, they refuse to eat at chain restaurants because they want to support the local community, they want gluten-free organic farm-raised low-fat cuisine with a vegetarian option.  They watch Iron Chef and feel bad that they like foi gras, but it's just so delicious.Zada Janes is the foodie hipster scene in exactly the same way that any given late-night diner belongs to the scenester.  It hits all their buttons; they don't care how long they have to wait or how terrible the service is or how inconsistent the food quality is, because it's local and neighborly and they get to know the name of the pig.If you find yourself watching 'Chopped' or reading about 'sustainable farming' despite never setting foot on freshly tilled soil, you will absolutely ADORE Zada Jane's.For the rest of us, here's the actual review:The food is usually good, but can be inconsistent.  The service is universally terrible, and the service staff will give you the impression that they're on the morning shift because they're still awake, still drunk, and plan on sleeping it off after 5pm.  Your order is like as not to be wrong, and while you're waiting for the correction (or even a drink refill) you can write the Great American Novel.  It's a hip brunch spot, so either get in before 10am, or be prepared to fight a horde of noisy children for the shuffleboard and cornhole out front.  If you plan on getting coffee while you wait the gentle eternity it will take to get you seated, bring a mug.  The line is often 30 people, and there are maybe a dozen mugs to go around.The seating is cramped, many of the tables are tiny, and you are like to be jostled.Any suggestion on the done-ness of your eggs might as well be a prayer to Odin.All that said: if you can get there at an off-peak time, don't mind paying a premium price for knowing where your grits were grown, and are fine with hanging around for a couple of hours, there's a good chance you'll have an acceptable dining experience.
3	Not a whole lot of options for vegan, more so for vegetarians but non-the-less the friendly staff and great prices make this place a staple in my casual dinning experiments.The food can be rather hit or miss. The roasted potatoes are my staple food and they're good about 65% of the time, once though it seemed like they gave me potatoes that had been sitting out all day then thrown back in a skillet for 2 mins.The staff is friendly as can be, the environment is pleasing, but the food quality varies too much.
2	I was super excited to check out Zada Janes but not so super excited after waiting 45 minutes for my food!  That's right - 45 minutes.  So first things first, Zada is a very cute place.  The outside patio is located on a corner so you can eat and people watch all at the same time!  The menu has very unique options.  I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich with sundried tomatoes, caramelized onions and mozzarella cheese served on foccacia bread and my side was the black eye pea salad.  The food was quite delicious!  That is, when we finally got it.  Here is the scoop on the service.  We walked in and then immediately following us 2 other groups of people walk in.  The waitress takes their order first even though we had arrived earlier!  No biggie, I thought.  Well...I was wrong.  After waiting 25 minutes all the other tables had their food.  I waited another 10 minutes.  I finally got so heated that I walked in to find the server and politely told her that we had been waiting nearly 40 minutes for our food and that people who arrived after us had their meal.  Her response was "Sorry about that. We have a small kitchen.  I'll see what I can do about it."  We got our food about 7-8 minutes afterward.  In addition to having a long wait, my glass stood empty for long periods of time.  I could tell by the looks on other people's faces that they were in similar boats!  Given the circumstances, and my complaint, I thought maybe they would comp one of our meals or even my friend's drink.  Maybe offer a free dessert?  Just something  to say - hey, I know you didn't have the best experience tonight.  Well, we got nothing! With that being said, I'm not headed back anytime soon.  Not to mention, after reading other reviews, I'm not alone in my terrible service experience!
4	You simply must try the pancakes! They are amazingly delicious and "light and fluffy" just as they claim.I ventured to Zada James with three others on Saturday following a 5k. I was famished. I was delighted that we didn't have to wait for a table. I was not delighted that I had to move my vehicle from the Grease place across the street (they tow) and that Zada's didn't come with a whole lot of parking options (spaces, that is). However, after I was properly parked and coffeed up... I ordered the Basic Breakfast with pork sausage, scrambled eggs, grits (very very creamy) and the biscuit. Being a biscuit maker myself--I wasn't excited about THEIR biscuit, but it wasn't bad. Others at the table ordered the pancakes (DELICIOUS, I was sad I didn't order these but I did offer to finish off my friends--who let me, yay), the sweet potato hashbrowns (good, but SWEET--you have been warned), and the Bunny Rancheros (colorful, looked and smelled good, I didn't taste these but he seemed to enjoy his meal as his plate was clean afterwards...I will definitely go back and try other things from the menu--especially some of their sandwiches and OF COURSE the pancakes! This place has outdoor seating as well as indoor in a very eclectically decorated space with colorful walls and really "cool" (ha) ceiling fans.
4	If you are looking for a healthy option on a beautiful day, I would highly recommend the patio at Zada Jane's!  All of their salad dressings are homemade and delicious, and I would also recommended the nachos and bloody marys!  Great location, great food, great price!
1	I was once an avid supporter of the deliciousness that was being concocted at Zada Janes. But after today I'm sorry I will not be returning. In a laid back atmosphere I am okay with a laid back service style. Today was beyond laid back to the point of lazy and down right nonexistent. The kicker. A friend specifically ordered gluten free pancakes. Having a gluten allergy this seemed to be a no brainer. Half way through the meal the server let's us know that the pancakes are not the gluten free ones and asks. "Do you still want them?" Then proceeds to tell us that someone else can have the rest of her half eaten ones since she wasn't going to finish them. WHAT?! So after a trip to CVS and $20 in medication we will not be returning again. Sorry Zada. This failure can't be recovered from.
4	Really delicious for breakfast.  Haven't had lunch their yet, but this place is great.  Love the patio and I love that you can bring your pooch.
5	I don't know what kind of coffee they serve there, but it is the best coffee I've ever had in my life.  So. Good.  And I also love that they serve it in rando mugs that they just have.  Very kitschy.  It's also got a very hipster-y vibe, so if you're not cool with that, don't go there.  The Huevos Rancheros are the best I've ever had, although I don't eat that every day for breakfast like I do the coffee, so I may be out of line.  Saturday morning brunch is CROWDED, so expect to wait for a table, especially if you have a group larger than 2 or 3.  But, IMO, SO worth the wait, if only for the coffee.
2	So what's the big deal here and, based on the experiences I've had coupled with a lot of the other Yelp reviews I've read, how are they still open?Cute decor? Definitely. Funky?  Certainly. Hip? I suppose. All that does not a restaurant destination make though.The food sounds nice on the menu and the fact they are supporting local farms and growers is appreciated but the results are just so uneven. It tastes good but it's cold, it's hot but overcooked, it's hot and cooked properly but really doesn't taste quite right. It's perfectly prepared and delicious. Who can tell?Add to that the fact that the front of the place is a disorganized mess and the staff is either surly or outright rude and condescending and I get back to my original sentiment. How is this place still open?
2	Zada Jane's is the typical funky, eco-friendly restaurant that every big city needs. As usual, it is located in the hipster district and caters to many environmentally conscious eaters on an artist's buck. I tried a few of their breakfast offerings to see what they really had to offer.The service and atmosphere is nice and friendly, but the grub needs some work. I like that they source locally, but I did not like the texture of my morning items.My French toast resembled bread with a rubbery coating. It was not super crisp, but it was not super moist. It was just like eating a piece of thick bread that had some egg batter on it.The sweet potato browns were gross, but not in a terrible way. They were just not very appetizing for $3.25. Sure, you get a large plate, but they were soggy... straight up moist and soft. It was nothing more than overbaked cubes of (probably chopped up yesterday) orange tuber. Some pieces were burnt, others were just floppy.The biscuit was somewhat dry and dense, but the Grateful Growers sausage made it all the better. The locally sourced pork product was juicy and extremely spicy, just how I like my ground swine. The Imladris Farm apple butter and blackberry jam also improve the rather boring biscuit.ZJ's is an institution to visit if you are into the cool little California style eatery, but I would go for something other than the typical breakfast fare. Perhaps they make a mean omelet; that is what everyone seems to be raving about.
3	I am not going to say its the best or the worst...I've had breakfast and lunch and personally enjoy their nachos or their breakfast sandwich with grateful growers sausage and cheese on a biscuit.Service can be spotty and if going on weekends make sure you get there early. This is more of a relaxed brunch requiring you to stick around for a bit which is just fine by me!
4	Oh, how I love the idea of organic, healthy and delicious food all wrapped up in one cool location...and Zada Jane's does a fine job of it. I've been once for breakfast and just hit it up for dinner the other night. Some tips: 1. Parking on a weekend can be a hot mess, especially at breakfast time. Be sure to NOT park behind the "No Grease Barber Shop" or you will be towed (as the sign in parking lot attests). 2. The food is delicious. If you visit in the fall, be sure to order the pumpkin pancakes - they're the best I've ever had (and I'm a bit of a pumpkin aficionado, so that's saying a lot). For dinner I got the Druthers Clucking Chicken Panini with a side salad. The foccacia bread and tomato spread on this panini were delish. Be sure to note that you will get a $2 up-charge on the side salad which you are not warned about on the menu - but to be honest, the home made dressing was so good that I didn't mind. 3. The restaurant has a very cool vibe but is quite small inside, so if the weather doesn't permit outside seating, you could have a wait. Be sure to warn the wait staff if you're in a hurry or they'll leave you on your own for a bit (not a bad thing if you're catching up with friends; would be bad if you're on a quick lunch break). All in all, two solid dining experiences. And the fact that they support local farmers makes me like it just that little bit more. If you've not been, I suggest you try it.
3	going to get straight to the point...only reason for the 3 stars is because i am a BIG fan of zada's breakfast (pancakes, biscuits, french toast), but i'm not a big fan of the lunch options so i had to go with 3 stars instead of 4.   the atmosphere is very cute, fun, and chill.  i have breakfast work meetings there often and it's a great place for us to get together to have a tasty breakfast and discuss work topics without being in a stressful uptight setting like starbucks.  zada janes in much more relaxed and the cafe seems to have it's own lil personality.biggest flaw is the parking situation....luckily i haven't been there on the weekends but even during the week it's a mess.  to sum it up, definitely a fun place to check out.  my opinion, go get breakfast one morning when it's not crazy hot and eat outside.  just be prepared for the parking situation and your experience should be a good one :)  enjoy!!
3	Was in town visiting friends and came to Zada Jane's. This was my first time to the south so I'd have to say it was a different style of food. I got the Booker T's East Side Hasher. I was expecting everything to be separate, was in a total mood of getting some good eggs but my eggs, sausage, and hash were cooked all together. It was definitely different than what I'm use to. I'm not sure if I'd get that one again but I'd be willing to try something different on the menu. They also have a great menu for vegetarians, offering soysauge. First time I've ever heard of it but my friend who's a vegetarian really likes it. I also wasn't a fan of their coffee but that may be my preferenceDefinitely in a nice area though. Wish we had more time to explore the streets! But everything seemed to be closed on a Sunday.
4	ZJ's has great food. The outdoor seating is awesome. Playing corn-hole as you wait for the table is a plus. When you are waiting, they offer you coffee. But, if you go on a weekend, you have to expect it to be busy. There are not many solid brunch places in Charlotte. So this one is popular. Plan on waiting 30-40 minutes. And the hostess we have mainly dealt with can be a bit...ditzy? I don't know. She is sweet, but disappears a lot... doesn't really know how to properly judge you wait time (we were once told 10 minutes when there were about 5 parties in front of us on a Saturday morning at 10. Nope). If you go expecting to spend a leisurely time... you are set!
5	Ya' know when you experience a restaurant environment at the perfect time? The ambiance fits your mood, the wait staff is great, and the food is even better? That just happened. I'm here on a bustling Sunday morning with my laptop at the bar. As I look around, literally everyone is smiling, including the wait staff. You can tell they love working here, and it shows. Being a bit of an espresso snob, I was a little hesitant to order it at a restaurant like this, but I was not disappointed. My 4-shot iced espresso is fabulous. I noticed the person next to me had a huge plate of goodness: Potatoes, meat, over medium eggs, guacamole, sour cream, tortillas... I knew I had to have it. So I ordered the Bunny Rancheros... and I haven't looked back since. The guac is fresh, the chorizo has a complex depth of flavor, the over-medium eggs are cooked to perfection, and they even have the best hot sauce in the world already on the table: Texas Pete. So, here are some things that would usually bother me if I was in a terrible mood. The parking is scarce- in fact, I just turned around to make sure they weren't towing my car because of my awkward parking space. It's busy and it's loud- so if you're trying to have a quiet, intimate conversation, this isn't the place.The service does take a while, which would usually bother me, but each bite made up for each minute I waited. I also rarely ever spend a good $12 on a coffee and breakfast--I author the website BROKE & Healthy--but trust me when I say that it's worth your money. In my opinion, Zada Jane's has lived up to the hype.
4	I'm new to town but have been here several times. My fav spot in Charlotte for Brunch. You may have to wait a bit as it gets busy on Saturdays & Sundays. If there's a spot at the bar go ahead and grab it - its first come, first serve - and the curly-headed female bartender gives excellent service.  I always get the Belvedere omelet with grits and a biscuit - delicious. Also, the best Bloody Mary I've ever had.
4	I will be the first to admit that the customer service can be questionable & inconsistent. Combine that with the often long wait times, practically non-existent parking, and the crazy price for a plain, old cup-o-coffee, I can understand how some folks aren't fans of this quirky spot. With that being said, I still love Zada Jane's. I just know now what to expect going there. I've only ever eaten here for breakfast, so my experiences are based on that alone. I love the sweet potato hashbrowns. The Belvedere Omelet is almost always good (the one time it was made incorrectly, the server made me feel bad for pointing out their error, never offered to make me a new one, and balked when I asked for a discount after I ate way less than half of it - that's an example of the questionable customer service we've gotten here). However, their biscuits are really good and the berry jam & apple butter they have on the tables are ah-may-zing. Those condiments alone are reason to dine here, which is often what we're craving when we brace ourselves for the drive, the parking lot, the long wait & the so-so service, but for some reason, we keep coming back for the unique and usually yummy food choices.
5	Zada Jane's is my favorite breakfast spot in Charlotte. I usually get the Zada Janer - two eggs cooked any way you like, a protein (i get soysage), a carb (grits - they are great), and either a biscuit or toast (I go with the biscuit). It seems boring, but it is fabulous and plenty filling. They have fun variations on the traditional breakfast, as well. The Bunny Rancheros is a spin on the breakfast burrito, complete with guacamole, and the Booker T's is eggs, cheese, hash browns, etc. all layered into one big dish. The only downside to Zada Jane's is that on the weekends, there can be a bit of a wait. I usually try to get there before 11, however, if you get there after, it can get up to 45 minutes, especially on Sundays with the church crowd. When it is cool, it is nice to sit outside though, and they have shuffle board and cornhole courts outside, and you can pour yourself a cup of coffee while you wait. In my opinion, Zada Jane's is worth the 45 minute wait.
5	Great food!  Meats and veggies are organic and local.  Atmosphere is fun and bright.  Nice outdoor patio with cornhole. I love it, you going to love it!
4	We had a great experience at Zada Jane's. We got in right before the breakfast rush on a Saturday morning. We sat at the bar and had the best coffee with honey. I don't remember the name of what I ordered was but it was a cheese covered mound of sweet potato homefries, covered with local sausage, eggs and cheese. It was to die for. Very unique menu, nice atmosphere, good service. Can't wait to go back! They were making a good looking Bloody Mary breakfast cocktail that I will have to order next time.
4	Really extensive menu.Great atmosphere.Innovative dishes, was well worth the 30 min wait.Look at their menu on their website!
4	The veggie nachos @ Zada Janes are amazing.  There is also a good brunch (no alcohol, though) and wide selection of veggie options.My advice?  Get there early, especially for brunch.
2	The food is pretty delicious and unique and the location is quite charming, and the prices are reasonable. So why am I being stingy with my stars? Well the service here is really quite horrible. Maybe I caught our waitress on a bad day or something but she couldn't possibly have been more rude or nasty.It all begins when we walked into the place and no one decides to talk to us for about 10 minutes until I walk up to the counter and am told I can just sit anywhere. Okay understandable, I wish you had told me that earlier when I had walked in. Anyways I ask if we can move the tables around outside and the girl at the bar says sure thing. While sitting there waiting for the rest of the party to arrive, our waitress comes up and asks if we're sure they're coming. I feel like this was kind of a veiled attempt to ask if me if the rest of the party ditched us, and am tempted to give a sarcastic response but instead ask for a glass of water. She never brings any water. So finally everyone's arrived and the drink orders are taken before she brings any water around. I'm pretty excited about the food because it was a pretty delicious sounding menu. It takes a really long time for our food to come out even though there's only one other table of four there with us, but that's okay because we're having fun chatting and discussing the rest of the night out. Well the food finally comes out and I ask her if she could take a picture of us. She's like well how about I make sure everyone's happy with their stuff before I get around to you okay? Well excuse me! I wasn't aware that taking 10 seconds out of her busy schedule of ignoring my empty water glass to take a picture was going to bother her that much. And yes I did ask for my water glass to be filled but she never did get around to it, and disappeared off somewhere until it came time for the check.I almost didn't tip her but I convinced myself to anyways since I still managed to have a good time despite all that. I don't think I'll ever be back unless I get dragged back though. I love the food and the atmosphere, but I like my food without a side of bad attitude, and I don't enjoy getting ignored either. I can think of places just as good that treat me with respect.
4	Great place to have breakfast or lunch. Breakfast, coffee, cocktails how can you go wrong. The place gets packed on the weekends, but well worth the wait. Friendly staff and good food. Plus the bartender is hot.
2	Came here for dinner after a friends recommendation. We sat at the bar and enjoyed the ambiance.  Pretty cool stuff all over the place like the rooster painting and figurines as well as the framed record covers.  It wasn't crowded but there was only one waitress and a bartender that was also waiting some tables, so service was a bit slow but they were super friendly and helpful.  I got the vegan soup that was described as, "vegetable soup" and was surprised by the intense cinnamon aroma.  It was a generous serving but wasn't  impressed by the flavor, or lack there of, aside from the overwhelming cinnamon that seemed to blanket all of the actual vegetable flavor.  I doused it in hot sauce in attempt to over ride the cinnamon to no avail. However, the house salad with homemade tomato vinaigrette dressing was great!  And my partner in crime thought the meklenburger and mashed potatoes were tasty!
3	If I could add another half a star I would, because Zada Janes is a little more than just A-Ok. But I'm not a fan quite yet, and here's why:I'm not going to complain about the wait times, because like every other place that's small and popular, even Zada Janes has ridiculous wait times, especially on a Sunday at brunch time. It's a really cool looking place; colorful and lively. The ambiance is neat, the servers are friendly, the Bloody Mary looked fantastic (and I'm going back there, just to try it because I didn't the last time), the food however, and I'm talking strictly about the vegetarian food, was ehh ok.. We ordered three different dishes  - the east western (scrambled tofu in curry powder), the veg burger, and the No-Da salad. the salad was good, the tofu was alright - kinda bland, and the burger is not something I would eat again.It's definitely a place worth checking out, and I'm going to give it a second chance. This time I'll have the Bloody Mary, and try some of the non-vegetarian dishes, and then I'll come back and update my review.. or not :)
3	Ohhhh Zada.... Zada JANE. Upon arriving to Zada Janes Corner Cafe, at 11:30am, I met my friends and proceeded to wait for a table. Upon waiting, I realized just how packed the place really was, and that was only outside! We stood and waited for almost a half hour before we found a seat.... that is, a seat to wait even longer. Regardless, we finally got a table inside (which was even more packed than outside was) and yay! It was a booth! My friends and I ordered a round of momosa's (yes, they ID'd us) and looked over the menu. Zada Janes has a great food selection, though I couldn't seem to find the drink selections, but I was excited to try their food! I've heard many great things about their food and was not at all disappointed. I had the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich with a side of potato spuds and devoured the entire thing! The wait staff was friendly and fairly prompt while serving the drinks and food. $5 dollar momosa's on Sundays, by the way. Overall, I loved the place. Very unique with a lot of personality, but it seems to be busy the majority of the week and that can downplay the atmosphere a bit. Also, we were seated in a booth with a draft, so we were pretty cold the entire time, but that wasn't at all the Cafe's fault. I LOVED Zada Janes and will definitely go back as soon as I get a chance. YAY!
2	I ate there once a few years ago and was unimpressed.  I thought the food was mediocre and rather expensive.
4	We were lucky to eat at Zada Jane's when it was new, before it became almost impossible to get a seat.I had the sweet potatoes, eggs, biscuits with jasmine tea. Yum!Great food and great staff.We'll go again soon.
4	Very unique and authentic breakfast. This is not a "IHOP" type. Everything is made and presented delicately. Will definitely go back to check out the salads.
4	Great spot to have brunch. Plan to wait though because every time I've been, it's packed. The food is farm fresh and local which is a huge plus in my book! Everything I've tried has been delicious. I've never once been disappointed. The coffee is very yummy as well. Service is a bit slow but I'm assuming it's because they are always packed. So just be a bit patient. Definitely a unique menu, not food you will see at a typical breakfast place. All in all, love the food and the cute homey feel of the restaurant.
4	pretty damn good breakfast. amazing service, food is good crowd is nice as well. and they make a decent espresso. have been 4 times and never had a bad experience.
2	I've been to Zada Jane's maybe 7 or 8 times before, but I was compelled to write a review this time because of the terrible and extremely frustrating service. To preface with a few quick points--- I lived in NYC for 5 years, so I'm very familiar and comfortable with a long wait- I used to be a server and understand the circumstances outside their control- I still think the food is fantastic (top quality, great preparation, inventive recipes)However on my last visit, the service was shockingly consistent in it's rudeness, ineptness and mistakes. There were a few key small gestures or things said by the wait staff which could have greatly improved the experience, but this didn't seem to be in the interest of the waitress. I completely understand the situation at a busy, popular place and I usually sympathize with waiters, but there was no benefit of the doubt to give this time so unfortunately I won't be back.
4	Going to school in Blacksburg, VA never thought I'd find another breakfast restaurant like Gillies on draper, but this place had a similar vibe (coincidently when we pulled into the parking lot about 10 minutes before they opened there was a van that had a Floyd, VA bumper sticker)Food was great, we order a Bunny Rancheros with egg, guac, sour cream, potatoes, and it was good enough to order two. I also ordered their Amaretto french toast which was good but the Amaretto flavor through me off a bit and wasn't sure if I liked it or not.Get there early as it fills up fast, and when it opened there were 5 or 6 other couples walking in to sit. My only complaint and the reason why I didn't give them a 5 was because the coffee was $2.50, I mean I get free refills and all, but I'm not a huge fan of Dilworth coffee to begin with which they serve, and seriously, did I mention it was $2.50?
4	Great local diner in Plaza  Midwood.  I was here for a late breakfast last week and loved the food.  The service once seated was absolutely great although we had a rough start.  I'm not going to grill the staff for skipping our name on the wait list because I know it happens and they obliged immediately once they noticed the problem.  I had a breakfast burrito full of delicious egg, sour cream, and spinach.  The biscuit on the side was a perfect companion.  I'm a fan.
3	I have always loved Zada Janes.  Those in the neighborhood know that they have to deal with the hiccups in the wait list and you must expect to wait on weekends.  Having only been for breakfast, I always get the Booker T with rye bread.  I need to ask them where they get their bread - it is divine.  I am not a biscuit person but if I was I am sure these are great.  The mimosa is served for $11 bucks - covers an entire bottle of champagne and a pitcher of OJ.  YUM!Super campy inside with local artists work, junk store finds and fun memorabilia.  There is free coffee while you wait (or other special coffee drinks at the coffee bar! probably not free).  Just be patient - what you get it worth the price and worth the wait.
5	LOVE this little gem!  I feel like alot of breakfast places serve up the same rote pancake, eggs  blah blah boring boring.... coming from Chicago with some pretty high standards for food I dont like to be bored.  Zada Janes was fabulous!  I got the special pancake -banana pecan and it was really special- the pancakes were perfectly cooked, a nice crisp on the outside.  The latte was great and the herb sausage buiscuit and gravy delicious. All other restaurants need to take not and be a little inventive with their menu. Cute casual vibe and a super nice staff, I will sooo be back Zada Jane.
4	I came here for Sunday brunch once with a friend and was pleased. I ordered the Booker T's East Side Hasher -- "a bed of sweet potato hash browns topped with two Happy Eggs frittata style with your choice of local Grateful Growers pork sausage, turkey sausage, or soysage,then covered with melted cheddar cheese and green onions - choice of toast or TLC biscuit." Damn good! The only reason I haven't returned is because of the long wait. I drive by with the intention of going in but see the long line and keep on driving to Dim Sum.
4	ah, zada jane's.  i have actually heard one of the servers say, "we are not really known for our service," before.  i don't honestly think there service is bad, it is just the wait.on a mild sunday last year, they didn't have the patio seating available.  i had the novel idea to go ahead and get our food to go rather than wait the quoted 45-60 minutes for a table indoors.  we sat outside and enjoyed our brunch in half that time.  i felt like i came up with a rounder wheel that day.this time around, my dining partner and i put our name in and walked casually down to nova's for a croissant to tide us over while we waited.in the most surrealist of experiences, they called our name not two minutes after we walked back through the door.  we were seated, served, ate, and had check paid all within a half hour.  i am PRETTY sure we were at zada jane's but i am not sure with it being such a whirlwind of convenience.the food is actually worth the wait on slower days.  the grateful growers meats, the meat alternatives, the locally grown foods all just taste a little more pure.  the sausage has a good spice to it.  the turkey bacon is really quite savory.  the happy eggs are always satisfactory.  the french toast is to die for.its just the wait.  and honestly, if you think about it, they do a fantastic job orchestrating the ridiculousness that is a plaza midwood brunch scene.  with the slews of families, hungover couples, straight from church groups, and friends just catching up, the place is always slammed.  all those people must think it is worth the wait as well...
5	Zada Janes definitely makes my Top 5 favorite restaurants in Charlotte, I love this place. I'd probably come here every day if the prices weren't a little high and there wasn't always a wait on the weekend.Okay, so the prices aren't low, but you are definitely paying for quality. Everything here is super fresh, quality ingredients. I've never ordered anything I wasn't happy with.The menu is super vegetarian friendly!! My two favorite dishes are of course the Bunny Rancheros and the Booker T. East Side Hasher!!!!  Both of these can be made with meat/sausage or soysage, yay!! Expect to leave happy and satisfied if you order either of these.My only other complaint is that if you come here on Saturday or Sunday morning you're probably going to have to wait at least 20 minutes or more. But trust me, it's totally worth the wait. Oh and parking is super limited, prepare to possibly walk a couple blocks if it's crowded.
5	Went this past Sunday for breakfast with the hubby since I've heard great things about it. We did wait about 25 minutes but it was worth it! I had the basic breakfast with sweet potato hash browns, the most fantastical biscuit with their homemade jam, and I HAD to try the mixed fruit pancake... Hands down best pancake I ever ate! The hubby had bunny ranchero which was a mix of chorizo, black beans, sour cream and eggs, served with tortillas! He licked the plate clean! Would recommend this place especially if you are tired of the same old breakfast joints.. I want to go back this weekend!
2	Not sure what happened to Zada Janes.I've been several times since they opened and enjoyed my experience either sitting outside on the patio or inside at the bar to grab a bite. Recently had a guest in town and we dropped in to have a late lunch.What a mistake!We both ordered the breakfast salad. And were pretty appalled. It was literally a bed of dry greens dumped on a plate with cold potato hash browns on top that appeared to have been sitting around  all day. To boot the egg on top was cooked, but tepid. The dressing on the side was totally misbalanced in flavor to the point where I was making the sour lemon pucker face.I realize we went at an off time, but that is NO excuse.The server was pleasant but not terribly good, and was also in heavy-duty sidework mode - buzzing around the place cleaning and stocking and vacuuming. If you're going to incorporate cleaning during slower eating hours, do it one section at a time and while people are not sitting in that section.Again, I love the location and the funky appeal of Zada's, and maybe this was just an off day and time, but I'm not inclined to go back any time soon with so many other options around town.
3	I wish I could give Zada Jane's more stars but it didn't blow me away.  I liked it but I had a little higher expectations I will definitely be back and check out their brunch though.  All start with all the good stuff first.1/2 price veggies apps on Wednesdays = awesome and I did enjoy the zucchini & squash cakes1/2 price bottles of wine - Thurs. & SundAtmosphere I loved the way the restaurant was decorated and it was cozyMenu has a lot of variety = great place for veggie loversSalad dressings made in house are kick-assThings they can work onService was just ok not bad but not greatEntrees very expensive
5	Love this place! Where else can you get biscuits with SOYsage gravy?! The food is all fresh; the servers are friendly; the atmosphere is casual and kitschy. Great home made bloody Mary. Tofu scramble is amazing:) Salads are always fresh and the homemade dressings delicious.
4	One of our favorite spots in the neighborhood, we go at least once a week.  Sit at the bar for the best service and the most fun, especially when Jodi is working!  But not on Thursday, that's my day and we'll have to talk if you're in my seat!  Seriously, the food is great, staff is wonderful, we love it!
2	Nice staff. Good location and setting. My man in the kitchen needs to work on his quality control....cold sausage was delivered to the table....
2	My first time here: Slow. The time it took my sandwich to come out of the kitchen was too long. Then the cook gave my lunch to wrong person.  Person didn't notice it wasn't his order and began eating my lunch... When server realized something was wrong it became sort of a joke. (That didn't include me.) Person says "Somebody put food down and i ate it." Server was kind of like "oh no big deal - yours will be out in a while".  No apology.  It would have been no big deal if it were the weekend and wine was involved but it was lunchtime on a Tuesday. Food-wise, the Druthers Clucker sandwich was very good, the black eyed pea salad OK but not great.Zada Jane's is a really cool place I just wish I felt a little more appreciated.
2	I went to check out the breakfast fare from reading the reviews on here.  Needless to say, I wasn't thrilled.  I ordered scrambled eggs, turkey bacon, herbed spuds and a pancake along w/orange juice and a coffee.  The eggs were okay, the turkey bacon tasted like a cheap store bought brand, it was very chewy and didn't have a good flavor at all, the herbed spuds tasted like they forgot them in the oven all morning.  They were very, very dry and shriveled up, not plump w/a good potatoey texture at all.  The pancake was great!  It was cooked just perfect, soft n fluffy with a perfect crispy edge all around! The coffee was great.  I expected the oj to be fresh, but to my dismay it was a carton brand.  Service was good and the waiter who I think is the owner from the reviews I read sat down in the booth right next to me to take my order, heck he was damn near sitting on my lap! Lol!  Unless I'm craving only pancakes n coffee I may be back, but I doubt it.
1	When a place is so popular they don't need to give a shit about customers to get business.. they still should.  That's just business ethics. I'll spare you the details of my experience.  suffice to say, very rude.
4	We got the Groupon to visit Zada Jane's and it was overall worth it. The food was incredible! We ordered short ribs and the mushroom ravioli with a couple glasses of wine. Absolutely 5-star delicious. HOWEVER, we sat in the corner, so we could people watch and saw some kitchen-nightmares behavior from the staff. Customers would walk in, and stand by the door waiting to be acknowledged and seated. The staff would walk around them and not make eye contact. Finally, someone behind the bar area would call out that they could sit where they wanted. When we first walked in, we experienced this too. but the restuarant wasn't as busy then, so they acknowledged us faster. This could be solved with a simple sigh by the door that says "Please seat yourself". Other than that, we really enjoyed Zada Jane's. We'll come back the next time we are in town... at least now we know to seat ourselves!
1	This place does not deserve all the attention it's getting. Service is terrible. Walked in with a friend and stood by the door for a few minutes and finally a waitress asked if we had been helped after saying no she got the hostess from lounging at the bar. The hostess grabbed some menus without saying a word starting walking to a table we followed and sat down, still no verbal acknowledgment. Sitting down and waited a little too long for our waitress, she came up with no greeting or introduction and only said "what can I get you to drink" then we sat beside a dirty table for about 30 minutes. In a restaurant so small even if it is busy there is no reason why we only saw our waitress twice the whole lunch. I even had to refill my own drink at their drink station from being neglected. The food... yes its great and that is why it continues to be popular but in my opinion I will only go back somewhere for great service and places who care about customer satisfaction. Zada Janes seriously needs to work on their staff.
4	I had a real strange morning the other day where half asleep i poured water on myself. in bed. i know. awesome.So I figured since I was up extra early, I should go get some breakfast and I'd always wanted to try Zada Jane's but the lines on the weekend always dissuaded me. Well somehow Tuesday morning at 8AM isn't the busiest time for them so I got to sit down right away and have their version of huevos rancheros. I can tell you it wasn't huevos rancheros per se, but it was pretty tasty so I don't mind them taking liberties to a point. It's a large portion though so I hope you like beans and a real runny poached egg cause you're gonna get a lot of them.
5	Other than checking into the hotel this was the first thing we did when we got to CLT this weekend. My little sis took the hubby and I to "breakfast" (for her) lunch for us (I ended up getting a breakfast dish that looked to die for IMO). Hubby got a turkey sandwich of sorts. He said it was good........I got the (Can't remember the name) but it was Guac, sour cream, protein was turkey sausage, hash browns, black beans and two eggs over easy with some tortillas. HUGE portions for the price. I left food (even though I didn't want to) because i was so full and stuffed. Staff was very friendly. Sweet tea was awesome! YUM! Sister got the habernas huervos something or another. It loooked gooooood!ANd they were able to do egg whites for her no problem! Nice place.
5	While I was visiting my friend she suggested that we go here for breakfast. It was great. I had a burrito, home potatoes, eggs and the best pancake ever. Forget IHop, Waffle House and any other breakfast chain. Support local.
3	If it had not been my last experience at my neighborhood Zada Janes that review would have had an additional star.  I adore this local gem and can forgive its short comings so-so service and all. My favorite is the bunny rancheros from the breakfast served all day menu. What a heaping of fresh food. However, I visiting Zada Janes last Sunday with a Groupon. I have never been hassled more for using a Groupon- even at sustainably more expensive establishments. For you see, a business chooses to send out a Groupon with the hope of attracting new or repeat customers. Since it was Sunday we enjoyed a bottle of half priced wine and then were told that since we had participated in this "deal" that we wouldn't be able to use our Groupon. Well- our Groupon did not apply to alcohol purchased so there would not have not been any additional discounts on that "sale" purchase. Instead of handling this with a smile we were lectured for several minutes about how we should have known better. I was so dismayed and as I explained- we live in the neighborhood- really enjoy eating here and will be back without a Groupon next time we come. Still- the lecture continued about combining discounts- on a Groupon that had none of this fine print. This last experience at Zada Janes really undid the delicious taste of my steak pita wrap and creme brulee  and apple cake desserts we ordered.  Yes- we did tip on the full undiscounted amount of the check. I'm all for supporting local business but this was a very negative experience on what I hoped would have been a relaxing Sunday evening night out.
4	I wish there was a 3.5 stars option. I don't recommend ordering anything other than breakfast. As for the breakfast, my husband is a bit of a health nut and he love, love, loves brunch here. Even if something sounds like Southern comfort food on the menu, it's not, it's a healthified version of it. (Alas, biscuits & gravy, this is not the restaurant for you.) I prefer my brunch decadent, so it's not my fave, but it's generally fresh and good.
2	Was looking for a vegetarian place and ended up here. They were a bit disorganized. They were still serving breakfast but I was not in the mood. Unfortunately the lunch options were few - salads and a few sandwiches. I had a hard time finding anything to order. I got the chopped salad, which was huge, and my husband got the spinach salad which was not as big. The salads were good but nothing I  could not fix on my own, although the dressings seem housemade and the caesar dressing was nice and peppery.  But, the service was really slow. I mean these were salads - how long could it really take? All in all I was not thrilled but would like to try for brunch or maybe dinner, on the feeling that lunch is not their strong suit. As a last note, the Asian vegetable soup was very flavorful and the standout.
5	Zada's is great.  It has a sweet atmosphere with a lot of unique local art, a great menu and even better food.  The service is never fantastic, but for how busy they are- especially on weekends- I don't mind.  So I would suggest either setting aside a good chunk of time for b-fast or going in knowing exactly what you want.
3	Found this place while we were driving through town, the atmosphere of the restaurant is very cheerful. They got nice outside sitting and some games going on while we were there on a Saturday morning. The menu itself is kinda boring tho, for the omelette, they got either all meat or all veggies, but I LOVE they have the "build your own omelette". I am always changing something in the menu, so what's better than building my own, right? We wait quite some time to get our food, and I thought it was just "ok". The flavor was good, not too slaty, but it was way too greasy.
4	Gluten Free Pancakes and Sugar Free Blueberry Syrup for those lazy Sundays!
4	I enjoy the hip decor at Zada Jane's. Local photography and art on the walls, local meat in the food and a nice bar in the center. If you're going here for one meal and one meal only, make it breakfast. Especially if the weather's nice and you can sit on the patio. If it's a weekend, expect a crowd and perhaps a wait, but you can always play shuffleboard until you get a table. Sure the huevos rancheros aren't entirely authentic, but they're still great. I like the sweet potato hashbrowns, french toast and pancakes. The chorizo and sausage they use is delicious (from Grateful Growers, I believe). Dinner entrees are pricey, unfortunately. As others have mentioned, salads and sandwiches are more budget friendly. Though, during restaurant week a couple of years ago my then-boyfriend and I had an amazing dinner. Perfectly executed pork belly and ahi tuna dishes. But, as you can tell, I usually stick to breakfast or brunch. :)
4	I love this place! It is just simply a good place to eat breakfast! The food is always good and fresh. They feature "happy eggs," which always makes me feel better about what I am eating. The service is friendly and attentive. This place is defiantly a Charlotte favorite!
4	This morning I was up early and decided to treat myself to brunch I settled on Zada Janes which is located in the trendy neighborhood of Plaza Midwood this place is extremely popular b/c I waited about 20 minutes before I was seated and another 20 minutes before my food came out. I decided to try the "basic breakfast" I chose the eggs, soysage, whole wheat toast with a pancake, with sweet potatoe bites I must say that it was delish. The serving size was just enough to fill me up without being too full the waitress was also sweet and attentive. The only cons to this place was that there was no organization as far as checking into this place for brunch and the wait was a bit long other than that it will become a regular spot for me.
5	I go here often and I love the fact that they offer healthy, vegetarian and alternative items.  I love the "Bunny Rancheros" which is an omellete with guacamole, sour cream, black beams, salsa verde and potatoes.  And their apple butter and berry homemade jams are delicious!  The only thing that I dislike is the fact that when I come here on Sunday for brunch there is an hour wait.  Oh well, doesnt stop me from loving Zada Jane's!
2	I go to this place ALL the time (I've been there twice this week alone) and it seems like each time service gets worse and worse. Its sad really considering that the food is so delicious. I went in today and ordered the french toast with non-crispy bacon(i order my bacon like this every time i go in and its never a problem). My food came out with extra crispy bacon. I informed the server and she thought I wanted it crispy (not a problem since we all make mistakes). It became a problem when she came back out 30 seconds later with another plate of crispy bacon informing me that the batch of bacon was  just a crispy batch and that all the bacon there was cooked like that. I thought this was ridiculous that she would bring out more crispy bacon since I clearly was not happy with crispy bacon in the first place. I informed her that i come in all the time and ask for my bacon the same way and it has never been a problem before. I then asked her if they could just cook me some bacon that was not crispy. She said she could ask the cook and that it would take a few minutes. I was ok with waiting as I was not in a rush and knew that it ALWAYS takes FOREVER to get food there. About 2 minutes later a man brings out a plate of RAW bacon thats slightly warm. I was really annoyed by this but instead of sending it back a THIRD i just chalked it up as a lost and realized that these people could care less whether I left there as a satisfied customer or not. It really upsets me because I  am a server and i would think that people who work in the service industry would always do there best to make sure people leave happy. I guess I'll just have to learn how to make that delicious french toast myself as I will not be spending anymore of my hard earned money in this establishment.**Not every experience I've had here has been bad. There's a curly-haired bartender there that is ALWAYS great**
5	Zada Janes is wonderful. It quickly became my favorite brunch spot in Charlotte. The variety of people (and dogs) outside makes Zada Janes feel so welcoming and sunny. I love their blend of southern classics (grits, biscuits) with southwestern options and vegan and vegetarian options. And best of all, they support local vendors when they can. Zada Janes has something for everyone. When I sat outside with my dog, a waiter came up to ask if he needed water and brought over a bucket. I'm just as happy inside, where the purple walls and funky art make me feel at home. Fair warning: Service can be a little slow when they're packed, but go early or late and you shouldn't have an issue.
3	Same great food. Same unimpressive service.
4	Two of six in our party headed here early to put our names in on a 45-minute wait for Sunday brunch. This was a smart move on our part! There's a lot of reviews about bad service, but while our server only gave us the bare minimum of service (they were pretty busy), it wasn't BAD. The food was very tasty and the Bunny Rancheros was plenty of food to share. Add a TLC biscuit and you've got a great breakfast. We'll be back to the restaurant again, for sure, and will likely send scouts ahead of time again.
4	The food is great, love the location but the wait on a Sunday mornings is pretty ridiculous. The wait is the sole reason Zada's didn't get 5 stars. Corn-hole makes the wait more tolerable & the food, decor and great service make up for it -just don't go for brunch on a weekend if you're starving or in a hurry!
5	Sweet tea, good company and awesome vibes at Zada Jane's.Time to plan my next trip to Charlotte.
4	Fast and Friendly serviceGreat Customer serviceHealthy, Local, Allergy Friendly optionsBest Brunch Location in Charlotte.
4	I love to eat here for breakfast and brunch. The service is consistently good service and consistently tastes the same from visit to visit. My favorites are Bunny Rancheros, Pancakes, and the Blazin' Saddles Omelette.  Get there early or be prepared to wait.
4	Wow I can't believe I never wrote a review of awesome Zada Janes!  I hate vegetables! My girl is the opposite. She is in fact a vegetarian. This is why zada janes has one of the best things in Charlotte for me. They offer one of the ultimate in meatatarian breakfast dishes in the Vegless Avenger.  Picture a giant fluffy egg filled with bacon, sausage, chicken, chorizo, and everything meatalicious. This is the best hangover cure and source of protein ever, though probably not the healthiest.  My girl on the other hand loves the nachos and the bunny rancheros.  The coffee is great and so is that jack and coke in the morning.  This is my favorite breakfast spot in plaza midowood.  I have never have tried the night menu, but this is definitely a awesome spot for lunch/brunch.  Also, there is shuffleboard to get your geezer on.
4	This is the type of place where you can go and be content with life.  I went for their widely raved about Sunday brunch and I must say that it did not disappoint the service was friendly and the you could tell that it was a real community hotspot as most people simply walked from the near by neighborhood. I absolutely hate coffee and all that it stands for, but when the waitress suggested that I should still try because it was that amazing, I decide to just give a try. I am glad I did.  At the time i went the coffee was local roasted by Dilworth Coffee and had a distinct flavor I had yet to taste  in this city. Maybe it was the french or maybe it was my imagination but it was AMAZING!The food portions were adequate and tasted delicious. I got and omelet and sweet potato hash that were out of this world great.  Also big ups for the Gluten Free menu with awesome flavor.  If your ever in the mood for day of good conversation and inviting community try Zada Jane's it won't disappoint.
4	There is a lot to like here, in general it is a nice popular dive that has good food, including some solid vegetarian options. Atmosphere: It's a bit of a dive, but not a dive that has fully dove. Definitely has that feel that the entire neighborhood gets together here and the out of towners join in as well. Staff: Everyone I've met here is very friendly and helpful. We always get solid recommendations. We also get seated fairly quickly considering how busy it gets. Food: The food is always satisfying. I'm a southern boy, raised on southern food, on buscuits, gravies, cheeses, fried everything. Zada Jane's brings it proper with nice and satisfying versions of southern food that are not greasy and some have a sense of being healthy as well. As a vegetarian, the alternatives are great, as a previous meat-eater, I am always tempted to get some of the creative meat dishes. Cost:Cost is on par with other restaurants in this genre. Affordable and very reasonable.
3	When I first moved to Charlotte in 2009, this place was my favorite.  It's still really solid and I'd like to give it 3.5 stars, but 4 is too many because there were a few visits where we had less than ideal waiters.  The food has always been good, it's unique, local and delicious.
4	My best home slice, Elizabeth A., has a total ZJ girl boner for this place and I can tell why! A homey, ecletic interior spills out onto a room patio for outdoor dining, and inbetween are servers who you can tell really enjoy their job. And not just serving, but working at Zada Jane's.I have found this to be a great go-to spot not just for brunch/lunch but also for meetings. The 10am/11am sweet spot that's after breakfast but before the lunch rush M-F is a great time to stop in and having coffee with a friend, talk business over tea or read a book with some free range scrambled eggs.Highly recommended are the bunny rancheros (Elizabeth's review is worth checking out for the full low-down on those bad boys!), ala carte eggs and toasts (cheap, yummy breakfast!), and the salads with tofu options.A great addition to the 'Wood - swing by and see what we're loving!
3	Good food. cool side of town.  Decent coffee.
3	Let me start by saying I LOVE this place for breakfast.  As others have stated, the atmosphere is funky and eclectic, and the servers are laid-back but attentive.  If we're talking breakfast, ZJ's is definitely 4-5 stars.  But I'm talking dinner today.  Sigh.We visited Zada Jane's for dinner last night, and it was much calmer than it usually is for breakfast.  We were greeted and seated immediately, and upon reviewing the menu, I was a little disappointed.  It's primarily $7-$10 sandwiches/wraps, and entrees that cost wayyyy more than you'd expect.  To me, ZJ's has a cool diner atmosphere, yet their entrees were $15-$28 for dishes like spinach ravioli and chicken.  Yowza.  I was also keenly aware of the 90 sanitation rating when choosing my dinner.  We settled on the fried squash and zucchini cakes for an appetizer, and they were absolutely delicious, as was the tangy tzatziki that came with them.  I got Carmen's Spinach Salad for dinner, which was solid, and my fella got the Druthers Chicken sandwich, which he said was okay but a little bland.All in all, you couldn't keep me away for breakfast, but dinner?  Eh.
5	I love brunch. I know, a lot of people love brunch, its food and at the time of the day where you can have the perfect combination of breakfast/lunch/whatever you want and call it a meal, but I really really LOVE brunch. That being said, I am fairly certain that my bunny rancheros at Zada Jane's today was the best brunch meal I have had in a long time. As previous Yelpers have stated, the inside is quirky with an eccentric feel to it. I was pleasantly surprised today when we walked in and were able to get seated right away by a kind employee who hustled to clean off a table for us. Our server was really laid back, knew her stuff and half the restaurant were some of her regular customers, you could tell. My brunch date ordered something that comprised of eggs, ham, pancakes, toast, and home fries, and it is her go-to every time at ZJ, she lalovves the pancakes. As for my bunny rancheros, well it is pretty much heaven on a plate if you ask me. Black beans, chicken (my protein of choice), herbed potatoes, two eggs over easy, topped with queso, sour cream and two flour tortillas. I may need to go back tomorrow as I am writing this. You cannot go wrong with this selection. The only mistake I made was ordering green tea instead of a mimosa :) As much as I would love to expand my brunching horizons here, I don't see that happening for a long time. Bunny Rancheros for life.
3	Good breakfast spot.  Fresh food, coffee is really good. Parking is awful.
1	The slowest service in town. Don't ever go there if you're in a hurry. Food and service has gone way downhill since the original owner was forced out by his bully partner, who happens to know nothing about food! Avoid this place at all cost and go across the street to John's County Kitchen or Bistro La Bon.
1	See here's the thing, I don't care how good the food may or may not be, if you can't park and you can't EVER get a table, WHO CARES?As you might be able to tell I'm more than a bit perturbed by my latest encounter with Zada Jane's.  I went here an hour ago looking to grab a quick bite before getting ready for the Super Bowl later today.  This is now the fourth time I have been to Zada Jane's, and I have only been able to eat there once.  No jokes, No exaggeration.  As I was saying I went here on Sunday morning, arrived by 9:10am.  Took 5min to drive around desperately searching for a space.  After finally finding a tight spot, which may or may not have been a real space, my friend and I went in and were told the wait would be 10-15min, we waited 40min.  No one looked close to finishing their meals.   One party had left since we had been waiting.  We had no choice but to bail before we were committed to waiting another 45min to be seated and for our food to arrive.  Zada' Janes may very well have the best damn tasting breakfast in all of Charlotte - maybe their eggs are sent down from heavenly chickens laying only the freshest, locally grown, free range eggs in clouds instead of nests, and their pork cut from only the biggest, muddiest, hogs, I don't know.  But I do know, It's IMPOSSIBLE to get a table and eat a meal on the weekends in any sort of timely fashion at Zada Jane's.If you look for long lines, and crowded restaurants as any indication of good food, then you'll think Zada Janes is the greatest food known to man.  I, on the other hand, like to eat a good meal, AND be able to get in and out in a timely fashion.  It'll be a long time before I go to Zada Jane' to eat...I mean WAIT.
5	Great find on Central. I was told this street has great food. My first stop was a winner. I experienced the veggie burger with sweet potatoes and a gluten free beer. Don't judge me! The burst of curry on my taste buds were rocking. My friend had salmon and Quinoa, which was delicious. I have been back 3 times since and will bring my family here today. I still need to try brunch. That will be next.
4	Tried this on my last visit to Charlotte and loved the place. There is character appeal, customers playing shuffle board out front and fabulous food. We sat at the bar and had good company with the bartender. I recommend the Sunday mimosa, but remember Sunday drinking times...excellent breakfast.
4	Went for brunch on a sunday at 11am.  The place was pretty busy, but our group of 4 only had to wait about 10 minutes and we were given a spot at the bar.  Love the decor and the fact that none of their coffee mugs match.  Our food was good, service was great and we had a good time.  I don't understand the complaints about parking- we found a spot down the street.  Heaven forbid you have to walk an extra 50 feet.  We loved it and will be back!
2	I really do love the food here but the rest of the experience just makes me never want to go back.I've been several times where I've had to wait much much too long for my food. Even at lunch in the middle of the week when the restaurant was only half full. But last night took the cake.We came in and since there were no free tables, we sat at the bar. We ordered some sodas and then our food pretty quickly. I had to be at work an hour and a half later so we definitely thought there'd be plenty of time but after 45 minutes without getting our food, I was getting very anxious. I finally asked a waitress to check on our food and I told her I had to leave soon to go to work. She kind of dilly-dallied into the kitchen and came back out and told us that our waitress would let us know what was going on.Our waitress came back out, did some stuff on the computer, cleaned some plates, and all while I was just staring at her waiting for an answer. Finally she comes to me and says that the kitchen lost a few tickets or I guess they thought our food had already come out or some lame answer. I told her to forget it because I just couldn't wait any longer. She said "well don't worry about the drinks." Thanks...if I had known I was going to get free drinks instead of dinner, I would've ordered a bottle of wine. I would've really appreciated a gift certificate or something.Now, I have worked in many restaurants and I understand things happen. But she really should've noticed after 20 minutes that we have not had our food and checked on it herself. The fact that I had to ask and then there was no sense of urgency or sincere remorse really irked me. I ended up going down to Fuel for a quick slice of pizza and inhaled it before work. Not what I had looked forward to doing right before 6 hours on my feet serving people drinks.I think I'll just be officially done with this place. Unfortunately.
4	Hipsters in the ghetto, multitudes on Saturday/Sunday mornings seeking sunshine and a breakfast combo, fantastic apple butter, shuffleboard, Vegan/Veggie appeal, and a lack of parking for everyone to enjoy. Zada's is definitely a staple that deserves to be on everyone's breakfast shortlist. Find it odd that I've yet to write a review until now. Here's the gist: If it's cold or raining, sit inside. If the wait is monstrous, I typically won't stick it out. If it's sunny outside, do yourself a favor and grab table on the patio. If the wait it horrifically long in general and you have to have your Bunny Rancheros fix, take a spot in line and play a few games of shuffleboard. Pretty sure I get the Bunny Rancheros every time with wheat toast slathered with apple butter. The local chorizo isn't half bad either. I'm a fan, it's great in a pinch, I like to pretend I'm good at shuffleboard, and I'd definitely take firstmeal at Zada's happen in a pinch. Winner.
4	another hidden gem - def need to get ANYTHING with sweet potatoes in it
4	Had dinner for the first time there, I was pleased with breakfast and lunch in the past so I thought we'd give it a try after our big "Latino Rally" on Tuesday. My Latina Sisters and I have a standing date to try new places once a month but this was an extra this month because of the rally. We ordered the Spinach Dip, Calamari and some lovely Shrimp wrapped in Zuchini for appetizers, all good but the Shrimp were cooked to perfection and stood out. As well as our generous cocktails of course. The Crabcake I never tasted because I was busy with my Riccota Gnochi, blistered tomatoes and Skirt Steak, it was all good but the steak was a tad too much for me. I rarely eat Beef unless it melts in your mouth, I do more seafood or chicken.The meat was a tad chewy and I was full, I took it to go and gave it away but it was flavorful. The service was great from Ms Tab, she was friendly and down to earth like most of their servers.
3	The food was okay, but it took a LONG time to come, and my sandwich was cold, so in the end, it was just an okay lunch. I might come back for the outside patio, but there's not much else to recommend Zada Jane's.
4	I've been hesitate to visit for brunch given the extremely long wait times.  However, when I was craving a salad for lunch this week, I headed to Zada Jane's for a bowl of greens.  I had the chopped salad - subbing mixed greens for the romaine and sunflower seeds for the croutons - with lemon vinaigrette.  The portion was perfect for lunch and filled me up without leaving me uncomfortable.  For vegetarians, this is a great restaurant.  There were three different protein packed and hearty salads sans meat.  The breakfast entrees also sounded very appealing and I'll be back for their biscuits and homemade apple butter.
4	Yum! If you're like me and like anything sweet potato, you have to try Zada janes. Their sweet potato hash is delicious; they're a little sweet and go great with their breakfast menu. A breakfast menu that includes chorizo as an option for your omelets, might I add. But not just great for breakfast, their lunch has never disappointed me. Their sandwich options can feed any mood and their breads are always fresh. The atmosphere, including the patio seating (corn hole included) also makes for an even better Zada experience. While I love the food for a quick bite and the restaurant itself, every time I've been there the service has always been a little lacking. Nothing extreme but my waitress will occasionally disappear for the better part of my meal. That's something that could be addressed but it hasn't stopped me from going back!
3	I've been meaning to go here for a while but when I'm usually in the area, Zada Jane's is an afterthought. Until I went yesterday, I didn't even know exactly what they served.We finally go the opportunity to go yesterday. The first thing I noticed was that the decor felt a little forced. Kinda like it was trying a little too hard to fit in with the neighborhood. Secondly, this seems to be the hipster epicenter of Charlotte. I felt like running out and buying a scarf doing my hair in that flippy thing way the vocalist for that one band does on his pictures. But I digress. The menu, at first glance, looked impressive but we eventually settled on a bowl of cauliflower and artichoke hearts soup. The soup was great and it came with some old school Wheat Thins Lance Crackers. The soup was amazing, creamy and hearty. But if I were to do a blind taste test, I would have said it was broccoli soup.The Becky ordered the Green Mindmelt Panini which had roasted portabellas, zucchini, squash, tomatoes, spinach and mozzarella with a side of the sweet potato home fries. Although it was very messy to eat, it was delicious! All the ingredients went well and were nicely roasted.I, on the other hand, can't say the same for my Turkey sammich. My sammich came with turkey, guacamole and sprouts. It was the most bland thing I've had in a while. The bread was so dry and stale I could't really down the bites I took. I didn't finish it, took it home, tried a bite a little later, and had to dump it in the trash.Now, it's not that bad, my sammich was off but everything else was really good. My gripe was with our server. She started off great. She was polite and friendly and smiled a lot, etc. It was nice of her to remember to bring us two spoons for our shared bowl of soup. But towards the end, she just sorta disappeared.  The place isn't even that big for someone to disappear for what seemed like 10 minutes at a time. We wanted to get our check, we had to sit and wait for a long time just to see her and flag her down. Finally brought us our check, took me 10 seconds to take my card out and put on the tray but she was gone by then. We did not see her for another ten minutes. We just sat there with our check, ready to leave, but couldn't. At one point I wanted to just get up and find her. Eventually she came back around and she checked us out. Very traumatic event... haha.I didn't care much for this place. It's not bad, just not my thing I guess.
4	So I am a little shocked that it has taken me this long to write a review for Zada's but better late than never right?  I live probably a good 1.2 miles from this trendy establishment and thank God for it.  I have tried a few breakfast/brunch joints in Charlotte and I have to say that I appreciate the lack of pretensiousness that Zada's offers amongst the slew of other "brunch" destinations.  My current favorite is the Blazing Saddles Omelet...a juevo caccoon of delicious chipotle chicken, black beans and jalepenos mixed with mouth watering pico de gallo and topped with a generous dollop of sour cream.  A few other favorites are the Bunny Rancheros (similar tex mex flavor sans omelet style), the Booker T's East Side Hasher and the Belveder (for a healthier option).  I ALWAYS opt for the roasted sweet potatoes and  homemade biscuits (...when in the South)  and slather a generous helping of their homemade berry jam a top for a healthy touch, HA!  For the java fans, you can feed your caffeine fix while you wait (probably a while... at least on Sunday) for a table.  There are plenty of quirky nostalgic mugs to pick from and a piping pot of coffee available while you wait... either outside--enjoying the sunshine, shuffleboard and cornhole games, and Central Ave traffic or eyeing the plates of patrons inside, chatting with the sweet, curly haired bartender as she concocts a delicious bloody mary, or trying to decipher the indoor wall art... this can take a while.  And one more thing worthy of note, this breakfast bistro is pet friendly... outdoors that is.  Don't be surprised if your waitress brings over a bowl of water and a treat for your furry friend as you dine in the daylight.  Delicious breakfast food, coffee for days, outside games, and the pooches approve?!  Next time you ponder, where to go for brunch... Zada's should clearly be your answer.
3	Cute little spot in plaza midwood.  Great outside patio for a sunny leisure day while inside is colorfully decorated.  Definitely a place full of regulars as the staff greeted people with hugs and a quick convo of catch up.  The menu seems to feature more of breakfast/brunch but they definitely have salads and sandwiches to offer as well.  I had a focaccia sandwich piled high with mozzarella and fresh veggies with a side of black eyed pea salad.  Very tasty!  Not the cleanest feel in there but I would definitely go back!  Rating was 95.
3	I went to Zada Jane's last year with a friend for lunch the food and service was good they had a diverse menu. We had a good time this is a keeper.
4	I went to Zada Jane's with the husband for Sunday breakfast.  Before 9:00, people were lined up at the door.  It didn't take too long to be seated, and both hostess and waitress were fresh faced and cheerful.  The decor features bold, brash colors that one may have not thought to put together, but they work.  Brett got a large serving of blueberry pancakes, and an order of hash browns topped with egg and cheese.  So much food that he ended up taking some home, along with some from my plate.  I had The Belvedere, an omelet featuring mushrooms, onions and peppers, along with yummy surprise bites of goat cheese.  The plate also had hash browns, which were really roasted potatoes, perfectly cooked with nicely browned edges.  A biscuit arrived as well, which was a real treat for me since I consume little gluten.  The buttermilk flavor of the biscuit shone through.  I ate the whole biscuit with butter (bad girl)!  Our waitress was on the ready to fill our coffee cups, and the whole experience was completely happy.Our cat, Newman, approves of this review.  He lay on my lap and was in direct line of my hand brushing across his head as I typed.  Purrrrrrr!!!
4	Tried Zana Jane's for the first time this past weekend for brunch on Saturday...WOW, what polarizing reviews this place has!  Fortunately, we didn't have much of an issue finding parking on the street and we only had to wait about 20 minutes for a party of 4.  It was beautiful outside so I truly didn't mind the wait!The brunch menu was solid and reasonably priced.  I was looking for a protein-packed meal and found what I was looking for in moments...It was a huge frittata-style scramble with my choice of protein (I opted for the applewood bacon), sweet potato hash and it was served with one of their biscuits...it was all absolutely wonderful!  I literally ate every crumb.  Granted, we were coming in for a post-workout meal and I was super hungry so I don't know if my view was distorted a bit but I thoroughly enjoyed my meal.  The sweet potato hash could easily become addicting.  They have already made their way into a couple of my daydreams.  The service was just eh.  The waitress was slow, the food took forever to come out she botched our checks...but all is forgiven thanks to the sweet potato mash.The atmosphere is fun, hipster and trendy--adorable place.  I guess as others have mentioned...just know before you go...parking sucks, the wait is brutal and the service may be slow..then you won't be shocked upon arrival and can hopefully just enjoy the sweet potato mash uninhibited.I will no doubt be back..probably this weekend...did I mention the sweet potato mash?
1	This used to be my favorite brunch spot in Charlotte, but I'll never go there again after Sunday. We knew mother's day meant it would be packed, but we were told a 35 minute wait which seemed reasonable. We noticed open seats at the bar but were told those seats were treated like tables and were off limits.After 50 minutes there were still 4 people ahead of us on the list. Bar seats remained open, but hey, those are off limits. We pointed out that we had been waiting over an hour. 2 minutes after we were told this, another couple came in to ask how long the wait was. The hostess told them 35 minutes. What?!?We finally asked about the (still) empty bar seats. This time we were told sure you can sit there right now! Had we NOT done this, I'm  certain we would have waited another half hour. We ordered at the same time as 2 other parties. Now crowning 2 hours there with no food, we watched one of those couples order, eat, pay their check. And the other group had ordered, ate, ordered more, ate........and we still didn't have food. The food finally came after asking twice about it. If I wasn't dying of starvation, I would have told them to keep it.And not one person ever apologized. I don't have a problem with an hour or so wait if I'm told an hour. Another diner said she waited 2 hours because she had a common last name and the hostess gave the table that was intended for them to another party. party. I suggest Zada Jane's get a wait system a little more sophisticated than writing names on the back of an envelope.I'm really sad because I used to looooove this place. But they've lost me as a customer.
5	Love this place! Great food and service...
1	Literally the WORST experience I have had going out in Charlotte.The food came out SO slowly. It was just breakfast, but it took as long as a fine dining dinner to come to the table.I had ordered a simple breakfast sandwich with bacon on it..... it featured ONE slice of bacon. Bojangles and Dunkin Donuts makes a abetter breakfast sandwich.My wife ordered a more substantial meal, and hers came out burnt badly and look disgusting on the plate.It takes a pretty awful meal for my wife to leave a meal mostly untouched.... and this was that AWFUL meal.Between being slow, cheap and gross..... I feel comfortable saying that there is no worse place to get a breakfast in Charlotte.
4	This is a great location for breakfast/brunch, especially since they serve breakfast all day.  The lunch/dinner options look good, although I prefer breakfast any time of the day.  The portion sizes are good and I really like the prices.  You can get a good-sized meal for less than $10.  I would definitely recommend the pancakes.  Although they aren't super fluffy, they are very good.
4	Two Words:  Bunnies RancherosIt's all I get here, period.  Amazing food, fresh and good service.  I don't live in Charlotte anymore but when I visit, it's a must go to for food.
5	I'm not a vegetarian, but my best friend is. It's a good thing they cater to both. My chicken sandwich was amazing! The cheese had such good flavoring! My best friend got the veggie burger and it looked amazing too, made with lentils (one of my favorites). The staff were super friendly, the vibe was chill, the customers were even intriguing. I'm a super fan of this place!
3	Zada Jane's used to be one of my favorite Charlotte restaurants.  The last few times the food has been so so.  When it's on point their breakfast options are great.
4	The sheer number of reviews for Zada Jane's was enough to tempt me to purchase an online deal and venture into Charlotte for some good grub. It proved to be worth the trip as it proved to be a really excellent meal. The parking was a little tight, and would have been harder to figure out had it been busier. We arrived at 6pm on a Saturday and the place was a ghost town, which suited us just fine. We got a prime people-watching spot on the patio area and it proved to make for an entertaining meal. The service was well-paced the the hipster waitstaff crew were attentive and friendly.The beer selection is composed mostly of bottles, but they consisted of different microbrews which was a plus. After ordering our brews we got a basket of Kool Kip's Nachos...vegeterian style ($7.25) , for an appetizer. Despite the absence of meat, these were some of the best nachos I've ever had, and that says a lot. The roasted squash, peppers, onions and corn, topped with black beans, guac, and sour cream proved to be quite the hearty starter. The blue chips also made a for a solid mode of transportation for the nacho toppings. I would highly recommend going with a plate of nachos if you are grabbing a meal here.For dinner I had the Braised Short Ribs ($19.95) and it was out of this world. Now I've been disappointed with dry, grizzly short ribs in the past, but that was not an issue at Zada Janes. These suckers were succulent, tender and delicious, and the portion was mind-boggling. I, Rob B, was only able to eat half the meal and took the other half home for a tastetacular leftover lunch the following day. These mighty short ribs came with these amazing mashed potatoes and cole slaw. Combining a bite of meat, potato and slaw proved to be pure excellence. The missus ordered the Wild Mushroom Ravioli ($15) which she really enjoyed. I wouldn't touch those 'shrums myself but she gobbled them down. Her portion was also a bit much and had plenty of leftovers for the following day. The only downside was that the mushrooms were just too oily and rich...someone in the kitchen had a heavy hand with the oil. Hers came with a side salad which was really good for a side salad, with high-quality veggies. She went with the lemon thyme dressing and that was really a winner. If you get a salad here, give that dressing a whirl.With all these good eats we simply had no room for dessert, despite how much we wanted to give it a whirl. Zada Jane's proved to be a really good restaurant and we'll definitely be back in the future, without the online deal.
3	Friday night was chill. We walked up in the place, and there were like two couples inside and a table of 3 people outside. It was rather cold inside, so we went outside to take advantage of the brief sunny weather that decided to peak out during the midst of all this rainy weather. It was breezy and cool... perfect. There were at least 3 different people (I think) coming to our table. I LOVE people watching so the area definitely served that purpose. I didn't get a chance to capture our appetizer through photo, but it was good and healthy. Pita bread with zuchinni/squash patties and tzaziki sauce. The sauce was decent... I felt it was missing something. I've been to some good Greek restaurants and I can taste the difference. The patties needed a little flavor. I had the Huevos Rancheros and that was pretty good. It would have been better if they gave me like 3 or 4 tortillas; as it was A LOT of food and two just wasn't gettin' it. I think they folded them and put it on my plate for presentation. They could have just wrapped it up in some foil and put it on the side. The 4 Layer Chocolate Cake was decadent. It was fresh, as I was told they order this from another bakery daily or every other day. Would have been nice to have a dollop of some vanilla ice cream on the side. Other than that, the service was decent. It dwindled down a bit when others came. No refills to the water when we really needed it after the cake came (since there was no ice cream to wash it down with... yes... wash it down). Also, I don't think I'm going to have people box my food anymore. She came out with the cake and left me wondering where my food was. I think after it comes out, I like to keep it in my sight. All in all, a decent joint.
3	Cool place, Great healthy food, spotty service
4	Amazing breakfast! Probably one of my favorites in town!
4	This place is great! Their food is delicious, reasonably priced and different. The only complaint I have is the size of the place. It can be very difficult to get in for breakfast/brunch on Saturday or Sunday and it's one of the best.
4	Awesome food and a great place to go on a weekend morning to chill.
4	Wednesday night. Nice summer night, sat outside. Had flat iron steak on pita w herb roasted potatoes, really good. Chill spot in an eclectic area. Great groupon choice. Weekends are pacled though.
5	This place is the best brunch spot in Charlotte, at least that I've found. They have great food, ranging from healthy (breakfast salads) to artery-clogging (bunny rancheros, my favorite). The staff is always helpful and attentive. The only downside is that there is generally a pretty long wait on the weekends, but it's definitely worth it!
2	I'm not sure why this place is so popular.  I waited an hour for an average breakfast.  I just ordered eggs, bacon and potatoes. I didn't try any of the more creative options. I will give this place another try, and order some of the specialty items; but I don't expect my opinion to change much.
3	Zada J has the right atmosphere and perfect setting. The outdoor seating area is quite appealing and is uncharacteristically hip for a Charlotte restaurant. Reminded me of a Cali cafe. The food was alright. Not quite as extraordinary as many seem to think. I had the East West scrambler and it was alright, but the beat part of it came from the natural taste of a sweet potato and not from much that a cook put into making it. I did, however, order a side of herbed gravy for my biscuit and that turned out to be a SUPER great choice - it was awesome and really made my meal. I recommend that to anyone who is a fan of biscuits and gravy. Very good. This place loses stars big time for its staff though. In such a down-to-earth, homey atmosphere one would expect friendly and genuinely nice service, and what I received was neither. My experience was that of a staff that really just wanted to get the job done and not much more. The hostess didn't give us much of a greeting at all - just a "how many?" coupled with tallying us on a wait list. Being our first time here we didn't know where to go to wait and were never given any direction. What we were given were trivial glances as we confusedly shuffled around looking for a place to wait. If I hadn't read other Yelpers' reviews I would have had no idea about the coffee while you wait and had to ask - you would think that would be communicated to you. When we were finally given a spot (which was a relatively short time to wait) we were hustled in and were given the impression that if we had walked any slower to our seats they would have given them up right in front of us. It was pretty uncomfortable to say the least, and very unwelcoming. Our server did a decent job. Her visits to our table were brief and it seemed like she was more focusing on her next task at hand than us - continuing that feeling of unwelcome. Overall I'd say this was pretty average. Decent quality food, but a good selection from a unique menu that attempts to save it. Like I mentioned though, this was our first time and the food alone wasn't enough to get us to come back - so when that was met with disappoint service we left feeling like we were doing them a favor getting out of there (their menu even has a note on it saying to be mindful of how long you sit on Saturdays and Sundays, how crappy is that???) and won't rush back any time soon. They could have made an easy repeat customer, but now I'm looking at it as more of a three-strikes policy after today's visit. TL;DR - decent food with great choices, awesome atmosphere, but the service staff leaves you with a bad taste in your mouth.
3	I've been here a couple times, but the last time was not the most enjoyable experience. I will give them the benefit of the doubt since everyone was trying to use their expiring livingsocial deal...as was I. There was an hour wait to be seated, then once we were seated, there was another hour wait for my food. When I asked what the hold up was, the waitress checked and said that the order did not reach the kitchen, even though she had put it in...what?? She basically forgot to put it in.When we finally got our food, it was pretty good. They were out of the chicken which I wanted, so I ended up getting the steak. No complaints on the food. The manager came to speak to us and offered me a $25 gift card. So I will be going back there at least one more time.
3	We went for the amaretto French toast. There was no taste of amaretto. The bread was toasty and hard rather then soft and creamy. We ordered the bacon soft and it was crisp. Service was fine.
4	I was in the neighborhood around lunch time the other day, and decided to stop in for a quick bite.  After checking out the menu, I decided that I was in the mood for breakfast food.  I was really torn between the "Booker T's East Side Hasher" and an omelet.  The Hasher won out.The sweet potato hash-browns were covered by frittata style eggs made with my choice of protein -  I opted for turkey sausage.  This was covered by melted cheddar.  I decided to get a biscuit and it reminded me of the ones my grandmother used to make.  My server also brought apple butter and berry jam.  The food was good and portion sizes were quite large - I ate half & had enough to take home for another meal. Price was very reasonable at $8.95.  My server was very friendly and kept on top of things. Based on this visit, I would certainly go back.
5	I love it here. I love central ave/plaza midwood area and it wouldn't be the same without Zada Jane's. The place is amazing for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. My favorite dish is the breakfast salad. It has tofu, eggs, onion, greens, and an amazing balsamic dressing. The nachos are also really good. Make sure to get there earlier than expecting to eat. It always seems to busy. :D
2	- Long wait- Rather rude wait staff- Overall service was not that great- Food was okay, nothing really specialThe food is meant to be upscale, organic with a grungy kind of twist. I had the french toast, and it was good. My bread was burned. I was close to sending it back, but it didn't have a charred taste, it was just black. Yum. The chorizo sausage is where it's at here. You'll be burping it up all day. The best part about this place is eating outside under the umbrellas on a nice day with your dog next to you (if you have one).We should have gone to Vivace like we usually do. Much much better!Not recommended here at Zada Jane's.
5	I adore this place and come here often, and bring family and new comers here a lot. Trick is to come early as you can to avoid a wait and do not park across the street, the barber over there will tow your car, I've had it happen :( but hey there is a sign so it was my own fault! If you do have to wait it is worth it, the food here is awesome! Portions are great prices are fantastic, coffee is delish and you can have as many cups as you want while waiting. The wait staff are sweet and the bar tender is always quick with your bloody Mary :) If you have the chance to sit outside please try in the summer its worth it and you can play some shuffle board too :)
5	Not many options for breakfast in Charlotte but this place saved the day while on tour here. Great food and service. Get the Bunny Rancheros. Worth the cab ride out
5	We came to Charlotte to scope out the city as a possible relocation place.  We love great deals on great food and went to the Groupon site and discovered Zada Jane's.  They totally hit the mark.  I had the spinach and bleu cheese salad and hubby had a steak and potatoes dish.  BOTH WERE SCRUMPTIOUS!  Staff, service and atmosphere were perfect as well!  May move to Charlotte just to eat at Zada Jane's!
4	I thought I was hallucinating again but there it was: A quaint, trendy corner diner chock full of vegetarian delightfulness. The one drawback I had was that it took a literal eternity to get our food, but once it arrived it was like a choir of magical angels were singing a happy hummus song. I had ordered the Hummus salad and it was far more than I had bargained for. A massive plate hit my table with a scrumptious salad on the left side, hummus and couscous in separate ramekins sat in the center, while an array of toasted pita bread fanned out the right side of the plate. Couldn't even get through a third of it before feeling like I was going to explode. The prices weren't too bad here either. If the wait time wasn't quite as long, it'd be my lunch break pit stop every day at work.
5	Finally came to Zada Jane's for dinner, as opposed to my normal obsession with their breakfast food. My fiancee and I have used 2 Groupons in the past year here, woohoo for coupons! My first dinner venture was the Roasted Wild Mushroom Ravioli. I would probably give it 3.5/5 starts. Really good and tasty, but nothing special.My second dinner visit I chose the The No-Da Salad. This will be what I order like, basically every time in the future. As a vegetarian it's hard to find a hearty salad with lots of protein and this salad goes above and beyond. The base is a spring mix with baked marinated tofu, tomatoes, hard boiled egg, artichoke hearts, avocado, roasted corn, white cheddar cheese, sunflower seeds, sprouts. Ahhh! Amazing! My fiancee ordered the Ashley Farms Free Range Chicken entree. Other than his usual love, the Belvedere, this is currently his favorite thing he's ordered. It comes with a side of smashed potatoes and green bean casserole. Oh, I almost forgot, on our last visit we ordered the Nachos as an appetizer. These were a little different than your normal nachos because they're served in a bowl, rather than a plate. Of course I love that they're vegetarian. The queso is what's up though. Mmmm! These black tortilla chips are also piled with grilled veggies, black beans, guacamole, romaine lettuce, sour cream, corn, and salsa. Will definitely order again.The service this last time was great. The owner even came over and chit chatted a while. This is not always the case. I'd say, 1/3 of the time we get unlucky and get bad service. But luckily this isn't always and the food makes me forgive.
5	My go-to restaurant for brunch, lunch, dinner... Anything! Bunny rancheros are my fave. Just wish they were open for diner every nigh!
2	I've been here a couple of times for breakfast and have found the food to be just OK. However, I do appreciate that they utilize local farmers and produce for their meals. The place is pretty popular so expect a wait if you arrive after 9:00 a.m. on the weekends. They do offer coffee while you wait but I'm just not a big fan of their coffee. On my last visit (which was in Oct 2013) I ordered the blazing saddles omelet with biscuit and sweet potato hash browns. The biscuit was pretty dry and the sweet potatoes were a handful of cubed sweet potatoes. The omelet was a good size and was the best tasting part of the meal. I'm willing to try other things on the menu but don't have high hopes. There are many other options for a solidly good breakfast in Charlotte, I wouldn't put this place on the list.
2	I've only been here for breakfast, so I realize I may be missing some phenomenal lunch and dinner, but my breakfast was definitely lacking. The service was great, the ambience is very friendly and I love the mixed coffee mugs, but what was actually on our plates could have used at the very least some salt and pepper, if not a whole flavor boost.I had the east-western, and I could pretty much only taste curry powder in the watery scrambled veggies. I knew it was just liquids from the spinach, but my dining partners were afraid I was eating very undercooked eggs. Unfortunately very bland for something that has so much potential... and it came with one slice of toast, I'm pretty sure any other restaurants' standard is two. The booker t hasher was a bit better, but again only delivered hints of the expected flavors. The basic breakfast was just that, and eggs were cooked correctly. With lines out the door every weekend I feel like I must be missing something, but maybe I need to try the lunch menu next time.
4	This place was packed when we arrived. Always a good sign. The decor is funky and eclectic. We didn't want to wait for a table so we grabbed a seat at the bar. Food was fantastic but a bit pricey for breakfast. I suppose the extra cost is to cover the extra expense of having fresh local meat. Pros-good foodoutdoor seating with room for pupsfriendly staffCons-Tiny gravel parking lot, only room for about 10 cars. Not enough for the amount of business they get. But Charlotte parking is always a nightmare right?
4	I would say this place is a great place to have a nice dinner when you don't want to get all dressed up.I had the hormone free filet.  $22.   It was decently sized cut of meat that really tasted great.  The acorn squash side was awesome.  The fresh green beans were also great.My wife had the wild mushroom ravioli $16.  First thing she noticed that each ravioli was charred.  I think the cook had that planned because much of the food was charred (to me in a good way).   Her ravioli needed to have more portion size, she was still hungry after finishing it.
3	The small town diner atmosphere of this place is relaxed and casual. We went on a Monday at noon and the place was busy with just a short wait for a table but could have been sat right away had we sat up at the bar. The food was good, nothing amazing to set it apart, except for the sweet potato hash. I would go just for them alone. The overall experience was nice and I'll definitely be going back.
4	This place always has a line on Saturday mornings, probably because it is great hangover food or sober up food for the inebriated. Maybe it was on a Sunday morning. My memory is fuzzy.The lines aren't terribly long and it is always a good place to meet with friends or make new friends in line. I really like the shuffle board option also. It's another great way to pass the time while you wait.We ended up leaving before our table was called, but I read somewhere that the food is really awesome.Highly recommended.
4	The Vegless omelet is awesome! If you want great food made with the freshest ingredients this is your place. If you'd like to get right in and out try going midweek. The service is always good and the wait staff is always friendly.  Parking is sometimes an issue during busy times. Otherwise I would've certainly given them 5 stars!
5	Came here for dinner Friday night not expecting that much butI must say I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and taste of their food. I ordered the fish special of the day, which was monkfish, on top of this cheesy smashed potatoes and grilled asparagus... Absolutely amazing and flavorful.  My boyfriend had the pork chop which he loved as well. We also ordered the hummus and tzatziki trio with pita chips that was so yummy that we brought home an extra container. With its downtown artsy vibe reminiscent of the places I used to go in the East Village of NYC, along with great food and service, this place is a definite must.
5	Bfast, brunch, dinner... It's always great!  Hours.. Sometimes suck thought.  Weekends they seem to close when they feel like it.. /:
5	Came here on Sunday with my husband around 3pm for a super late lunch....though we stuck with breakfast options, since they serve breakfast all day!Since it was so nice outside, we chose to sit at a table on their side patio. Also, since it was 3pm, it wasn't that crowded.....though, past experiences walking by this place around brunch time is that it seems to get crazy busy.I ordered a mimosa and my husband ordered a beer. There draft selection isn't that great but the two that they had on draft were local. The mimosa was a perfect mix of OJ and Champagne...aka, heavy on the champagne!We decided to split something, since all the food coming out looked like huge portions. We ordered the Huevos Rancheros with the Chipotle Chicken. Holy, amazing flavor! I mean this dish was so tasty.....chicken, potatos, ranchero sauce, queso sauce, black beans, all with 2 eggs on top. Man, my mouth is just watering thinking about that sauce on it! It came with two tortilla shells....though, with the portion size, 2 wasn't really enough. However, I would actually recommend this dish sans-tortilla anyways. The portion was HUGE. We kept talking about how we have zero clue how many people could eat this by themselves. I felt overly full with just a half a portion! Totally recommend this!My husband also ordered two pancakes (no clue how we actually ate them though....bottomless pit). I had a bite of them. They were very good, nothing out of this world, but very good. I think they added some spice to them that gave them an extra little something. Just a note, in the 30 minutes that we ordered, got, and ate our meal, like over 5 orderes of nachos came out (for different tables). We kept saying how we must have missed the memo on ordering nachos....if that many people get them, they must be pretty good. Huge looking serving in a bowl with guac. Will try next time!
5	We love Zada's! Jodie makes the best Mimosa and Bloody Mary and always has a smile on her face.  Great variety and selection of healthy, fresh, and local food whether you are a vegetarian or not. The bacon is amazing as is the French toast and their Huevos. Sometimes we just grab a biscuit to go which is also a great option. Don't miss out on this spot! It does get crowded at high times but Jodie will make you a mimosa or there is free coffee while you wait!
5	Great food & service for both my wife and I! I recommend the bunny rancheros with the local pork and the mushroom ravioli! Both were great.  This was out first time and we'll be back.  We got the pita/hummus appetizer  and they brought us more pita bread because we ate it all without finishing the hummus!
4	One of my girlfriends had not been to Zada Janes so we met there for dinner the other evening!  Decent wine selection but more of a casual dining experience with a "dinerish" feel than a place to have a bottle of wine with the girls.  We grazed on several apps and would definitely recommend.  The best part about the evening.....I left my keys there while we walked down to a different venue, I called when I realized I did not have them, they held them for me and we return to retrieve.  On the counter was a Champagne Pistachio cake with Cream Cheese Frosting staring us in the face.....of what did we say?  "one piece and 3 forks please...."  BEST homemade cake I have had in years.  At $7.00 a slice it was overpriced but hit the spot!
4	Zada Jane's is an adorable neighborhood cafe.  I've heard about it for years since my sister and her fiance go there often for brunch.  They love it so much that they named their dog after it!  Well, recently, I finally got to try it out for myself!  Molly S. and I wandered in for some afternoon brunch on a weekday so it wasn't as busy as I bet it probably is on a weekend.  She ordered the Bunny Rancheros.  It seems that this is her favorite dish to order.  She also had a latte and the waitress was so cute when she said she tried to make a really cool design in it, but it didn't quite turn out how she envisioned it.  I ordered the Grande Quande which is the Basic Breakfast, plus one, big fluffy pancake.  What does The Zada Jane 28205 Basic Breakfast encompass?  Two happy eggs, choice of one protein, one carb, plus toast or a TLC bisquit.  Molly advised me right away to go for the biscuit over toast.  So I ordered my two eggs over medium, their Local Grateful Growers sausage, Sweet Potato Browns, and the biscuit.  The pancake was the perfect size and they got my eggs just right medium -- a little run, but not too much.  The sausage had a little spicy kick to it, but just right.  The sweet potatoes were good, but seemed to lack flavor so when heated them up at home later on I added some butter and a little brown sugar to fix 'em up.  The biscuit also seemed to lack some flavor.  I thought it was a little hard too so maybe it had been sitting out a while.  Overall, I was very happy with my meal too.  Our waitress was super sweet and friendly and the decor of this cafe is a delight.  I also love that they have local art for sale, a patio for when it's warm, and their own Zada Jane cornhole boards.  I would definitely go back next time I'm in town.
5	Consistent, eclectic fare at reasonable prices.   Large portions.   I eat mostly breakfast at ZJ's, have tried most of the menu over the years, and keep going back.   I've even figured out when to arrive so I can park!
3	Overall good food. But the service is typically slow and inattentive. It's probably a training thing but most of the servers can't handle more than 1 thing at a time. Good eats, just bring a book to read.
4	LOVE this place!!!! Definitely a neighborhood gem. I usually went here for breakfast when I lived in Charlotte...great food, very good service and unique/eclectic decor. Usually gets pretty busy on the weekends, but worth the wait!! They have numerous vegetarian options, which is always nice.
5	One word...AWESOME!  The breakfast is amazing and the coffee is perfect.  Must try for anyone visiting Charlotte, NC.  I have tried their Omelets as well as their breakfast sandwiches.  The sweet potato hash side is my favorite. Get there early and check out their specials online.
4	Small building not really a waiting area so you stand in the middle of the room which is awkward. GREAT food though! They were ok doing substitutions and didn't charge me extra.The breakfast was delicious and they pride themselves on having different options for all kinds of foodies. Vegans, Vegetarians, health conscious... They also have a list of specialty drinks you can order and homemade jam on the table. I would go back there when its warmer so I could experience it with a little more room.
4	First time here. Full bar and tasty looking breakfast/brunch/lunch menu. Very chill vibe and the bartender Jodie was very very sweet. Check out their hours. They are different on Mondays & Tuesdays as opposed to the rest of the week.Will come back again to try the "happy eggs"
4	Great, great place for breakfast! Zada Jane's has some of the best biscuits in Charlotte!  The jellys they serve with them are made locally in Asheville.  The omelets are super yummy and huge!  I get them with a side of the sweet potato hash- I had never seen these before.  Diced sweet pototoes with a sprinkling of sugar, cinnamon and honey. Yum!  I love that you can order breakfast at dinner.  They also have the most interesting calamari- it isn't fried or breaded and my husband says it some of the best he's ever had.  It is a bit pricey but the food is worth it.
2	First time here and I'm not sure I will be back.  The service has been the worst I have had in Charlotte. My veggie sandwich was good, but my sweet potato browns were cold. My dining companion ordered the burger, med rare.  The burger was so well done it was dry and unappetizing. Our waitress never came back to check on us and since we were on our lunch break we ate our food even though it was not good.  I really wish properly trained staff was more important here.
4	I now live very close to Zada Jane's so over the July 4th weekend, my husband and I went to check it out early on that Saturday. We were the only table so far outside but by 9 the tables were filling fast. We were greeted with smiles and sat outside when we said we wanted to be out there and our server came out soon after to ask if we wanted the umbrella down so the sun was not in our eyes. That is attentive.I got coffee and my husband, tea, and I like that they seem to use random, Goodwill like mugs so you don't know what you will get. I got Howdy Doody! Good stuff.Anyway..to food. My man got the Basic Breakfast with the sausage patties (yum) and I built my own; over easy egg, biscuit with herb gravy and the fruit cup. The herb gravy was a generous bowl, for me anyway, and I shared some with my dining partner so he could add them to his roasted potatoes. I also was given fresh berry jam for my biscuit. I did not eat it all and took it home for later. I suggest going, but if you pick a busy time like later morning on a weekend, you will wait. They have shuffleboard and corn hold games though for you or the kids.And dogs are allowed outside. They even had samples for the little pups!
3	Finally got to check out Zada Janes this weekend for brunch. I had the special blueberry and strawberry pancakes, sadly came out missing any strawberries and sparse on the blueberries. Boyfriends hash was reeeeeally good, I'll try the savory breakfast options next time. Service was slow and uninterested.
5	The food is excellent and they have so many choices! Great place to eat! I had the basic breakfast.... So much food. You get 2 eggs served any way you like, a protein, a carb and a starch. I couldn't even finish my plate. You definitely will not leave hungry!
5	Awesome food, came for breakfast and it was great. Sausage and spuds were excellent. Biscuits and pancakes were also nicely done.
5	I've been to Zada Jane's countless times and was surprised that I hadn't reviewed it yet. It's one of those eclectic, trendy restaurants that both the young and old patronize faithfully. Their TLC biscuits are incredible--slightly crunchy on the outside, pillowy and airy on the inside, and when you break it open and see all the steam pouring out, you want to throw the whole thing in your mouth. I usually top mine with the herb gravy with soysage, which is phenomenal. I've also been there for dinner and had no complaints about their mushroom ravioli. It was fresh, flavorful, filling, and left me wanting more--just like any good meal should.If you're in the Charlotte area, please go to Plaza Midwood and check this place out. You may have to wait a few moments to get in, but it's definitely worth it.
3	Came here for breakfast with a friend and we sat out on the patio. I loved the patio it was a great atmosphere for a meal. Our server was super friendly and helped me out when I was looking to get a half caff latte but they had to improvise as they were out of some ingredients. The coffee was perfect when I got it. I got the kind of catch all breakfast, two fried eggs, black beans, grits and toast. The eggs were cooked way more than I had wanted but were decent. The grits were totally flavorless. The black beans were my favorite, they were good. Overall I found the breakfast to be very bland but would be interested in trying something else on the menu. I saw some people eating hash type breakfasts that looked delicious.
3	Pumpkin pancakes are in season!
2	Today, I found myself disappointed in Zada Jane's. How is that even possible, you ask...Well, I ordered take-out and their usually quality was lacking.  I requested my eggs scrambled and what I got was a heap of fried egg pieces. The consistency of that I my mouth was unforgivably gross.  It was rubbery and not at all what I wanted or what I am used to from them.  I was hoping that the rest of my meal would make up for the egg debacle, but it did not. Highly disappointed.  The pancakes tasted like someone had contaminated the batter and it had an aftertaste of something with garlic or some other non-sweet spice and my grits had a slightly burnt aftertaste.  I'm not sure WTH happened in the Zada Jane's kitchen today, but it definitely didn't work for my taste buds. I'd been craving ZJ's for hours today and in the end it was a totally bust. Sorry, ZJ's - but today, you really let me down.
5	Before moving to the South, I never really cared for the breakfast options available at most restaurants; however, ever since visiting Asheville, I've reset my standard when it comes to breakfast/brunch restaurants. While Charlotte has a ton to offer, not much can measure up to the phenomenal selection available in Asheville.  Zada Janes made me forget I was in Charlotte.  Between my wife and I we had Bacon/Egg/Cheese biscuit, the Blazing Saddles Breakfast Burrito, and Sweet Potato/Chocolate Chip pancakes.  All were delicious and reminded us how much we love the South.  I really doubt there is anything on the menu that isn't good.  We also had the Chai Latte which was brewed perfectly.When we arrived the place was packed.  When we put our name in we were told it would be 40 minutes before a table would be available.  I don't think we even had to wait 15 minutes.  The staff was efficient, courteous, and attentive - everything you want when you go out to eat.
3	I found this place by searching for "Hipster Charlotte"  on a recent interview trip.  I had a Cheeseburger, some roasted potatoes and a beer for lunch.  I think that hand cut fries would have been better.  I liked the relaxed atmosphere and I will be back here, should I get the job!!
4	After hearing great things about this place - we wanted to see for ourselves. .  We headed over at 8:30 on a Saturday night and was surprised to see only a handful of people.  The menu was simple but offered just enough variety. We chose the "Zada janes favorite" nachos and the Mecklenburger with roasted potatoes.  Loved it all! Nachos were pilled high with lots of flavorful veggies and chicken.  The burger was tasty and potatoes were perfectly crispy on the outside.  Our bill was reasonable at under $25, service was good and the decor was entertaining.  We will return soon to try some of the other menu items that look good.  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 is a strange sour odor from the time we walked in. I have a sensitive nose but that was really strong! I hope that was something short term has it was very distracting from all the other positive!
5	4.5 stars. I will preface this by saying we've only been for brunch but we are regulars. It's a great neighborhood restaurant with some of the best brunch around. The restaurant itself is quite small but they have a great patio when the weathers nice. Most weekends you will find a 30-45 minute wait for brunch. Food-wise, best biscuits in town! Add some of their apple butter and you'll leave happy. They also do great omelets and a wonderful cinnamon vanilla pancake.
1	My *last* experience was such a disappointment. Before that, my beau and I were very happy with our past dining experience and dishes, as well as the super cool ambiance. The past Sunday,on top of being sat next to the dirty wooden blinds that trapped two huge flies, my eggs had a blond hair in them - GRODY to the max! No more Zada Jane's for us!
4	I like it - a lot!!  But..... Short one star because you'd better plan on waiting (a long time) on the weekends - this place always has a line. That's usually a good sign and it is true here since the food is really tasty. However, the coffee quality suffered and the service was a bit spotty the last time we went. Back to the food - omelettes are tasty and french toast for kids is a hit. Love the character of the various types of staff here (tattoos, piercings, etc.) just means they're a good eclectic bunch - they're busting their tails in and out of the kitchen and they definitely work hard for their pay!!
1	As a new resident of Charlotte (moved here in April 2014) , and living within a 5 minute walk of the restaurant, we were very excited about Zada Jane's.  Reading the reviews and talking to new friends in the area, I was expecting the restaurant to be nothing less than good.....However, after 4 visits, I AM DONE WITH THIS PLACE.Our first experience was breakfast.  We were excited about their local food, especially the local sausage.  I ordered a breakfast sandwich with the local sausage.  I was shocked when I got a flat sandwich with dry bread, and over-cooked egg, and 1 small (about a half-dollar size) piece of sausage.  The sandwich was something I could make myself....and honestly would do a better job.  It was very disappointing, but I tried to be positive and chalked it up to a bad day for the cooks. (As a note, I ordered it again a few weeks later to see, and it was even worse).  My wife ordered the hash and it was good, so that prompted us to try Zada's again.Since that time, I have been back three times, excluding the experiment on the second breakfast sandwich.  The second time I went, I ordered two breakfast burritos.  Being originally from Arizona, I have a pretty high standard for burritos.  Zada's did not even come close.  Food was bland, and took a lot of salsa to enjoy.  Oh and I was charged $30.00. (Tried to get a refund after, but because we paid cash we were unable to prove it.) After that it was my wife asking to try them again, since the place is so close to our home.  I was surprised one time to get a decent tofu salad (and I hate tofu).  However, I got the wrong order (a sandwich).  Rather than ask them to re-do it, I stuffed down the wrong food and left as fast as possible.  I blame them for getting the order wrong, but me for not getting it fixed.  The straw that broke the camels back came about 2 weeks ago.  In a last attempt to try this place one more time, we placed a to-go order.  My wife, who had learned her lesson, ordered the tofu salad again....and it was good.  I tried the crab-cake sandwich and it was the worst meal yet.  Dry meat, frozen crumbly bread, no flavor.  I honestly hate to say this, but the frozen crab cakes from Costco are way better.I will say the restaurant atmosphere is nice, but not so much so I have to go there.  It's a good location with a patio and outdoor games.....whoopy!!! (sarcasm).  Try at your own risk, but do not feel you have to like this place because a bunch folks pump it up.To note, I rarely ever write reviews, and usually in the positive.  This place is that over-hyped to me, I felt the need to do so....it's not good food (PERIOD)
3	i liked that they have the option to make your own omelet. the chipotle chicken was semi-dry; but lots of filling optionsalso got a biscuit which hit the spotgot to sit outside which was great w/ the nice weather and only had to wait maybe 30 minutes on a sunday for brunchoverall a nice place for a casual brunch
5	I love the vibe here and am never disappointed. Check them out for dinner. Lots of good home cooked type meals and its always fresh.
3	My favorite go to restaurant for a simple meal. My dad LOVES this place. The cakes are amazing and the champagne cake is our favorite. I love sitting at the bar for brunch. Easy, no wait and the staff are always super friendly. Overall the food is good. It's nothing that blows me away, but I know I will get a decent meal for a good price. And the atmosphere is perfect for the neighborhood.
5	Are they always perfect? No, but who is. They are a little quirky, a little whimsical, & have fantastic dishes! We've eaten both brunch & dinner multiple times and absolutely love Zada Jane's for exactly what it is...and on their terms. If you appreciate and like to support local, independent businesses who are doing their thing and doing their thing well, you'll love it as much as we do. Cheers!
2	The food is good but the service is ridiculously slow. Expect to wait for a table, then wait even longer for your food. This used to be a great place to grab brunch but having to wait over an hour for ordinary food has lost its appeal.
4	It's a great place to start your day. Breakfast served all day, tasty appetizers, and great salads. I really enjoy zada jane's, and I eat there regularly. The food is great for the price, and the staff is really friendly. But I can't give them 5 stars because inconsistency. Regardless of how busy they are, some days it takes forever to get your food. And some times the food isn't up to par. But the staff is always willing to help and make up  Try the Bunny Rancheros, a salad, or one of their breakfast burritos. The bar at Zada's is the perfect spot for a quick solo meal. Beer and coffee are always available. for it. If you are in Plaza Midwood, check it out. It's worth the stop.
4	I love this colorful, funky, eclectic diner that reminds me of a place I used to frequent in Laguna Beach, CA back in the 70s, and that's why I gave 4 stars, but seriously the food, although the ingredients are great quality, is just so so for flavor, prep and presentation and, although the servers are friendly and seem to be efficient, we usually experience a long wait for our food. But, despite what is lacking here, the food is healthy and it is a fun atmosphere!
4	Love this place! I always leave full and with a to go box! I appreciate their options of non-pork breakfast items and the food comes out fresh and tasty.
4	Bunny Rancheros with chorizo!!! Delicious! The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is the servers are not consistent
5	Loved this place !!! :-) Fresh, organic even gluten free! You will have to wait for a table tho- totally worth it! Service is fast and the food is delicious :)
1	ew. just straight ew. i'm sorry this place stinks. maybe it is the best Charlotte has to offer, but it is just gross in there.  no drinks for brunch, you have to have a drink menu if you are going to call yourself a brunch spot.  Also, fruit was blah and the hamburger was the nastiest thing i have ever eaten. fail
1	Hostess did a horrendous job seating people. People were pushing their way in and seating themselves. There was no order at all. We will not be back anytime soon. Hopefully it will be resolved.
3	The Bunny Rancheros are the stuff of dreams. The menu is huge, something for everyone. The food is really great, but the wait is very long and service is slow.
4	One of my "go-to" spots for brunch.  My favorite is the Booker-T: sweet potato hash browns covered by frittata-style eggs & sausage which is smothered in melted cheese & green onions, biscuit on the side.  Yum!!  I've also enjoyed the unique quesadillas on occasion.  The interior is small, so plan to wait a little on weekends at brunch (especially in cooler weather).  The decor is funky and chicken-focused.  Great place!  Strongly recommend.
4	Slowest service you will EVER experience when they are busy. Food is cool, but you may have to wait. That said, I have their number saved in my phone and visit EVERY TIME I come to Charlotte. Yummy!!!
1	Horrible service. Wish I could have given it a zero. We waited an hour for our food, no one addressed the wait and I was charged for something that never arrived.
1	I have been here twice, and I regret both times. The food was exceedingly mediocre, the portions unsatisfying, and the service was unreasonably slow. The last time I went, I waited 45 minutes for a small, cold, bland bowl of nachos. The location is the only thing this place has going for it, which is not enough for me to go back. Do yourself a favor and walk down to Dish or Mama's Caribbean Grill.
