3	I have not eaten at the Longhorn, from what other reviewers have stated it does seem like an incredible bargain.  Steak dinner for 5 bucks? Only in Vegas.I stopped by the Longhorn Casino on a Friday night.  I heard from my friend Sara that there were some incredible drink deals to be had, dollar Coronas, dollar shots, etc.. I thought to myself, I can probably spend a lot of time here boozing for sure..As we parked, Sara mentioned that my clothes would probably stink of cigarette smoke after going in the Longhorn.  I wasn't surprised, I tend to expect cigarette smoke anytime I'm in Vegas, it goes hand in hand.  Upon entering the Longhorn, I was surprised at how small it was, and the fog like smokey haze fueled by chain-smoking gamblers.  I could tell this place was going to be cheap but dive as hell.The bar area was small and absolutely packed with locals, and I noticed a TINY stage area behind the bar where Sara said there was a live one man band performer.  The bartender was quick with the drinks, poured generously with the tequila shots and gave us some sass for being from Novato.We wandered out of the crowded bar area with our drinks and boozed by the slot machines.  One of the locals, who appeared to be wasted (at 8:00pm) came over to us and started exercising her charms on Sara.  Regardless of how smokey and crowded it was, it was a totally fun experience.  Lots of interesting characters at this place for sure.  And just in general I think local casinos are more interesting places to visit than some of the casinos on the strip.Eventually we felt the need to leave, smoke was too intense.  But I encourage anyone in the area to go and get the "Vegas Experience".
2	I have never eaten anything here, although I am aware that the restaurant has some good prices.Anyway, the only reason that I ever go to the Longhorn is for the $2 blackjack.  The casino is pretty smoky, and there are throngs of weirdos, but there are always open seats at the $2 table.  I honestly don't mind coming here, but I have no reasons to recommend it, either.The Longhorn is the PERFECT place to gamble if you meet the following qualifications:-You are by no means a high roller, but you like playing blackjack a couple times a year.-You smoke a lot (or you don't mind having your clothes stink of smoke).-You don't feel awkward in the company of incredibly odd people.-You have no intention of meeting a future life partner that night.-You live within 2 miles of the place.
5	When it comes to The Longhorn ,I got 5 on it! I love this little dumpy place. Sometimes there's a wait for a booth at the restaurant part so my husband and I, kill more time with the monster machines or more dollar coronas. I like to down 2 before I eat. Not that the food is bad I'll eat without the beer as well. It's just that it's hard to beat 1 dollar for a corona or modelo negro.Oh man! Plus the food is so cheap that you can sometimes win the money your going to spend there before you spend it! It's like eating on the house! 3.99 chicken fried steak and eggs? You bet! I get it every time. I'm craving it right now! People watching is always a great sport to partake in as well while waiting for you food or to be seated. 10 bucks total with 2 meals, 2 or 3 beers. Who can beat that!? No one baby!
3	Longhorn Cafe in East Las Vegas is a DIve Casino with OLD Las Vegas prices!! 24/7 specials include $3.99 Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs, $4.99 Steak & Eggs and more.Casino & Cafe connected to a Super 8 on Boulder Highway!Steak is cheap but gristly ,coffee is good and slots are friendly.EASTside locals Favorite!
1	Okay, I have mixed emotions when it comes to the longhorn. First off, I want to say that I love that this is a dive. And the weird people are awesome. But, the restaurant. The service is horrible and lately their chef is sending out raw rare steaks all the time. The past 2 times I've gone we've sent ours back...and we love rare steaks!! I saw just about everyone in the restaurant send theirs back too.Then the waiter, who is a little over ambitious, charged me $2 for a water with lemon and sweet n low. I order that drink b/c the sugary drinks give me super bad acid reflex. So, I didn't tip him. I always say I'll never go back, but end up going back b/c it's cheap and about a mile from where I live. 24 hour is also a plus. Darn, they've got me whipped.
4	My buddy and I were heading to Eastside Cannery one night, but he remembered 4.99 steak dinner across the street here.  Now I'm from Orange County and I've had at least one person from here so far tell me we ruin Vegas, but I gotta admit, this is OLD SCHOOL Vegas.  Oh man, where else is it karaoke night next to the blackjack table, what new casino now actually smells of cigarettes decades past, and I doubt metro police deputies dine on the Strip, at least in uniform.  If you're into retro, this is it.Now I wasn't expecting much for 4.99 at the place grandma used to play slots, but man, the steak was good.  And it came with baked potato and some iceberg lettuce (salad).  I would totally do this again.
5	This review is about the restaurant only. Wooohooo amazing, cheap food!  I got the $4.99 steak which was cooked to perfection and included mashed potatoes, gravy, green beans, and the best beef stew ever!  The server was very nice and down to earth as well. Did I mention the amazing prices?  It seems like everything else on the menu is priced just about the same with any other place but it does have quite a bit of variety which is nice. I would definitely go back!
4	We made our first visit to Longhorn a couple weeks ago, tempted by the $4.99 steak dinner special. Aside from one line of gristle in the steak, it was an amazingly good dinner -- salad (or soup), steak, potato, vegetables and a huge roll -- for an unbeatable price! We certainly weren't expecting much, but we were very pleasantly surprised. So we decided to stay and play some video poker for awhile. They have a good range of denominations, but are limited on the games they have (many of the machines carry the identical games -- little variation, and no Triple Double Bonus). We've returned numerous times already, and each of us has won a progressive jackpot so far (between $1000 and $1200). This is also one place we've found where you can actually wear shorts (when it's warm outside) and not freeze to death inside! We've also eaten again at the Chuck Wagon (didn't get the steak this time) and were not disappointed! The country fried steak was melt-in-your-mouth and the pork chops were very flavorful as well. They also have some desserts that look amazing. The menu has plenty to choose from at very reasonable prices; we plan on returning soon.
5	Food always good. Service is always fast and friendly. Prices are inexpensive.
3	We went here on a Wednesday night.. I figured middle of the week it would be somewhat empty..HECK no! this place was popping. we had to put our name down and wait for about 30 min for a table. We ordered the steak special for $4.99 - figured even if its bad, you can't beat it for that price. The steak was half the size of the steak in the advertised pics but mine was pretty fatty and my bf was all meat.. I guess they just cut our steak in half. still pretty tasty. came with dinner salad, very good portion, along with baked potato - delish - which came with a lb of butter and another lb of sour cream, I had to take it all out - and the residue left was enough to make it delish. HUGE dinner rolls, and half a corn on the cob. (dont let the advertised "veggie" fool you.. nope its another starch. But all in all it was good. If you want to carb load. I'd go back but only if Im heading to the gym afterward.
4	I am in town visiting my grandma and she took me to the Longhorn restaurant after the long drive from LA. Driving up to the place, I wasn't expecting much, but the food is good and the prices are reasonable, too. The restaurant is on the small side, but is all right. I thought the waitstaff was a little on the slow side getting to us initially, but once they did, we were taken care of. I didn't spend too much time in the casino, but it's all mirrors and rather small. It might be an all right place to gamble if you're a local (or know one) or are staying there.
3	very small , but funnn !!!!
4	Whenever I mention the Longhorn Casino people look at me one of two ways...A skeptical "surely he's joking" face, or a confused "what is the longhorn casino?" face.Rightly so on both counts.The Longhorn is the type of place that can only survive in Vegas. It's a very small basic casino, and the type of place you can drive right by and never notice. But if you are ever drunk late at night on the east side of town near Boulder Hwy this place is a little slice of Heaven$2 for any bottled beer, and they have a decent selection, but what kept us coming back were the $2 modelos...both varietals. $2 Blackjack ( I can't tell you how much I love playing blackjack with the old style metal chips)and $3.99 country fried steak and eggs. Comes with Hashbrowns and choice of toast. The food is not exceptional but it gets the job done, and when I lived on the east side when I first moved here from Atlanta this place served as my substitute waffle house.The service is typically god awful. If you are under the age of 50 expect them to treat you like an uninvited guest (although I can only speak for the late night staff.) We turned it into a game of how irritated can we make the server. I typically don't condone this type of behavior but sometimes an over the top sneer from a server calls for retaliation.Despite these woes take the time to stop in with a group. Sit down and order. The food comes out somewhat slow...then slip out grab a $2 beer and play a couple of hands of $2 blackjack. It's one of the best times you can have at 3am with only $10 in your pocket.
4	We stopped in today for lunch at my sister's recommendation..Definitely a 'locals' casino, very old timey vegas..Smoky but friendly folks..Had a wonderful prime rib dinner of 10 oz blackened prime rib, salad, corn on the cob, and potatoes for 10.99...the meat was not at all fatty, more like steak, but cooked just right..Everything was hot and delicious. We will definitely return for a good well priced meal!
3	My son took me here one night as it is down the street from his apartment. We were in the mood for a sit down type of restaurant so we could relax yet did not want to spend a fortune that night so he suggested the steak dinner at Longhorn. Not the best dinner on earth but does the trick. Steak, baked potato and veggies...there ya go! I would stop here if in the neighborhood looking for cheap eats.Love these smaller casinos with steak specials. They have other specials as well, and I saw some tasty looking breakfast plates being brought out to other patrons, will def go back and try other specials on the menu!
3	Food is decent & generally cheap. Place is kinda smoky & warm (heat wise) but it is a good small locals casino & with the restaurant open 24/7 sees plenty of usage after hours. Watch out for the chocolate cake deal. Its like 15 pounds (I'm exaggerating a little), a ton of layers, super chocolaty and super super rich (a diabetic coma in the waiting) and pretty darn good (took about 5 days to eat it). They got about a 100 slot machines (that I usually do good on) & a $2 blackjack table, a small bar and karaoke some nights (hold your ears, with drinking & sinking, some people try and sing but shouldn't)
4	Was there in April - this was my second time for their steak dinner.  I love it!  Went late at night - my steak was perfect.  It still came with a salad, potato, vegetable and an enormous dinner roll.  As I tell everyone, it isn't a gourmet place - the steak is not 2" thick.   But what do you expect for $5.99 (used to be $4.99)?  This place certainly exceeded my expectations.  The wait staff are friendly, too. I can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Old time Vegas at its best!  Places like this are becoming few and far between. Steak Special is now $5.99 but still worth it.  Chicken fried steak and eggs are delicious. Also the ham steak is so large it flops over the edge of the plate.  The restaurant is on the small side so be prepared to wait at times.  Our server was excellent.  We will certainly be returning soon!
3	They have $2 BJ with loose rules.Nice.
1	Thie review is for the restaurant.We went for the $5.99 steak dinner special.  Several of us were enticed by the $9.99 steak and petite lobster tail dinner.  Well, terrible is the best way to describe it.  The petite lobster tails were a joke.  They were honestly the size of a small to medium shrimp, but we really weren't expecting much.  The bigger problems were the steaks.  Every steak at our table (there were 6) were practically inedible.  Tough, grizzly, chewy, just disgusting.  The baked potatos were good, as were the rolls.  The rolls were actually great, definately the highlight of the whole meal.  The service was good.  However, we had to wait about an hour and 15 mins for a table for 7.  The place is really tiny, and when multiple tables opened up together we were told the manager didn't want to put tables together.  We had to wait for the only large party to leave.  Really ridiculous!I seriously doubt this was just an 'off night'.  None of us expected much for a $6 steak dinner, but this was just terrible.  Definately not worth going ever again!
5	Great Restaurant... Every day there's is new special and soup... I love their late night specials 2$ for bacon n eggs it's crazy... Everyone is so nice especially the swing servers
5	I go to Vegas every month to visit my son and I only eat at the Longhorn.  The Rib Eye could feed me for 3 days.  Cooked just the way I like it and service is awesome.  Everything I've eaten I've liked.  Very busy place so the wait is worth it.  Gives you time to play the $2 BJ table where the dealers are friendly and fun.
3	2-27-2013  This is the second time I gave this place another try.  I ordered the $6.45 Chicken Fried Steak (They also have a smaller $5.99)  The seating was very crowded and the tables were so close you could hardly walk by other customers.  This definetely needs to be addressed.  The meal was a 6 on a scale of ten.but worth the money. This was my first review.....After seeing an advertisement for their Chicken Fried Steak, I thought I'd give it a try.  After walking into the Casino, the first thing I noted was how  narrow the isles were.  The walls had mirrors on them and gave the place a "House of Mirrors"  affect and distorted my sense of depth perception.  It was probably to make the place look bigger but only added to my confusion to find the resturant.  To me, the casino looked dingy and dark.  I found the resturant and waited for the hostess to return to her station to seat me as there was no one at the register or near the "Wait to be seated" sign....I waited...finally after a period longer than it should have taken, I was greeted and seated as close to the kitchen as possible even though there was ample seating we passed to where I was seated.  The waitress was prompt and took my drink order and upon her return I ordered the advertised 24 hour Chicken Fried Steak for $4.99 which was not shown on the menu but was told they automatically reduced the price of what the menu said.  The food came quickly and was as I ordered.  Eggs were over easy, Hash Browns were cooked properly and there was ample gravy on the CFS.   The meal was pretty tasty, although the CFS was pretty thin and about the size of a slice of bread.  My drink was refilled promptly and the waitress was friendly and actually made the eating experience more enjoyable.  The Pepsi was $2.00 which I thought was kinda high and I concluded that's how they sell the CFS at $4.99.  So I give the food a 5 out of 10, the waitress a 7 out of 10, the hostess a 4 out of 10 and since I am not a smoker and found the casino stale, and dark, and not to my liking, I give  the casino a 3 out of 10.  I hoped for a better experience but was dissappointed in the all around experience.
1	This review is for my recent experience with the RESTAURANTWe've been to Longhorn many times, and we usually have a great time, $2 blackjack with the loosest rules ever?  Awesome.I'm just getting home from the worst experience I've ever had at this place, arguably the worst experience in my 27 years in Vegas ever.We rolled in there with a group of 6, played some blackjack and all lost our asses (can't blame them for that, it's the luck of the draw),and then went to end our night at the restaurant.  I had to use the restroom so my friends went ahead and got a table...I walked in right as the waiter was finishing up taking everyone's food order.  I asked him what the specials were, he told me, and I told him to give me a minute.  I proceeded to sit there for 30 MINUTES.  I asked the other server there (brunette wearing a red shirt) if I could order some food.  She told me very rudely that she wasn't my server but she would let our waiter know.  Once our server (black male with shaved head) delivered everyone else's food, AND STILL DIDN'T ASK ME WHAT I WANTED TO ORDER, I said screw it, I'm going back to play more blackjack.After I lost more money in a matter of a few minutes, I went back to join my friends at the restaurant, still hoping I could get some food.  I sat there for another 15-20 minutes, watching my friends eat, and making constant eye contact with every employee I saw while I watched them serve multiple tables.  FINALLY when our waiter brought the check, he asked me if I needed anything.  I responded with "I don't want to order food now, all my friends are done eating and they want to leave".  You would have thought I was that dude's worst enemy.  He gave me a dirty look and responded "I asked you a long time ago" (bullshit) , and ran away back to the kitchen.I told the casino manager on the way out about my experience, telling him that I'm not complaining, and we would probably be back, but I wanted to let him know about the sub-par staff he had at the restaurant.  In his own words he said, "it was the black guy, wasn't it?"  Seems like the dude has a history of bad service.Bottom line...a great place to go for cheap blackjack, I'd highly recommend it.  But eat elsewhere.  Right now I'm at home, drunk ,pissed off, and wondering what the hell I'm going to eat since their "WAITERS"never even fuc*ing asked me if I wanted anything to eat.  Seriously.  Epic fail
3	It's a very small restaurant in a very old and small casino. I would recommend going to the bathroom at home before coming. Also if your allergic to second hand smoke I wouldn't recommend this place unless you wear an oxygen mask or take a couple benadryl. With all that said this place has the best chicken fried steak in Vegas/Henderson.I've been to many places here and so far this is the best. The rating I'm giving it is for the chicken fried steak. The place is a dump but worth it for this meal alone.
4	Best kept secret in off-strip Vegas! Small, hole-in-the-wall place for down-home grub. Had the NY steak and petite lobster tail special ($9.99). To the person who whined about the size of the lobster: it's PETITE, that means small. They are a different species than the red monstrosities  you see in high-end restaurants. They also tend to be sweeter and more tender. These were exactly the size I was expecting - and were cooked to perfection. Tender and juicy - not rubbery at all. Yum! The steak was decent, though not great, but still better than what I was expecting for under ten bucks.Yes, the roll was giant. I'm not big roll fan, but it was good, I guess.Jim had one of their skillets (some kind of omelet with chili on it), and from the sight of nothing but a spinning fork left over, I deduce that he quite enjoyed his meal, too.Service was just fine. Yes, we had to wait for a table - but you have to do that at hoity toity places, too. This is a very small, very busy joint. Our drinks were always full, our order taken right away, and our food brought out nice and hot.
2	We just got home from the Longhorn cafe. We have been there 3 or 4 times before. It is a dive hotel/casino. We got in to a table and it took 13 minutes to get water. When we complained the waiter, a stocky bleached hair male about early 20's came over. then it took a toal of 33 minutes (20 minutes after ordereing) to get our food. And the two of us ordered the same thing.... chicken fried steak and eggs special. It was good, thats why it got two stars. but for the service? Wow I hope you don't want any of tat from the busboys or the servers. When we wanted more water, the waiter mentioned that he would get us some right away. never did. We had to ask the manager 10 minutes later. I'm really surprised that the service was so terrible. It must be the one guy. Steer clear of the stocky blond guy.
4	How to describe the Longhorn....It is Vegas's version of the neighborhood dive bar. small, crowded, smoky (but it isn't), but for some reason it's comfortable...The really reason for coming here is the food, seriously, I have been eating here for 20 plus years and have yet to have a bad meal, the ribs are good, the specials can be great, though understand, you're paying $9 for steak and lobster, you will never get prime steak and you will never get a large lobster tail for that price, a reality check is needed by some.Anyways, the food is good, the drinks are cheap, the gambling is low limit and they do offer live entertainment.Give it a shot, just walk in thinking that you are about to visit that redneck cousin at his trailer park in Kansas (His name is probably Eddy) and you will leave happy...Though here the burgers have beef in them, not ketchup.
5	I give it five stars I like to chill here and play poker! The food is good as well.
4	This is a small dive bar casino with a steak and lobster special to get you in the door. The special worked for us we were hungry and decided that this place was just the poison to try. Overall, the value was five stars, and the food was very good. This is one of the times that I wish Yelp had a 3.5 stars rather than 4 stars or 3 stars. I am going to let them have the 4 stars, the value is there, it isn't that nice, no frills but good food at an excellent price. The lobster was good, the steak was tender and cooked well, I have paid 5x the price for the same that wasn't nearly as good. Cheers!
4	Great food in this joint! Saw the billboard for the $9.99 Bbq dinner so I had to check it out. Parking was easy.  It was a small place. Walked in and asked for a table in the restaurant. The wait was about 20 min so I bought a couple $1 miller lights and played some $2 blackjack. After we got seated, we ordered and the food came in about 15 minutes. It was F'n delicious!!! My Bbq dinner came with brisket, pork loin ribs, chicken thigh/leg, corn, baked beans and bread.  My wife got the steak and lobster for $9.99, she said hers was really good. Service was fast and friendly.  I'd come again if in Henderson.
3	Probably one of the smallest casinos you will ever go to. If you are claustrophobic, I dont recommend you going here. When you first come in, BAM! Slots and gaming tables all up in your face! I went there strictly for the good meal deals at The Chuck Wagon restaurant. But to get there, you gotta walk through the tightly packed machines that stand as obstacles to satisfy your hunger. I must say these guys do a good job of cramming as many slots and game tables as much as they possibly can without being a candidate for the show "Hoarding: Buried Alive". They actually have a full bar and im surprised that fit over in the corner where it was. I wonder what would happen if a couple of drunks get into a fight? It would proabably end quickly for one or both of them will probably punch or run into a slot machine.After all my cracking on the size of the place, ironically its not the worst casino I have been to. To my surprise the ventilation was actually decent. When I left, I noticed my clothes did not smell like like an ashtray full of cigarette butts unlike another I have reviewed. But then again, I didnt go when it was really busy so that remains to be seen. The other casino im talking about in particular already has that really bad cigarette smell as soon as you come in and it didnt matter if you came in during a slow time. So props goes to Longhorn Casino for at least having a decent ventilation system.Another decent mention is the bathroom. It's the only one but it's really clean and it smells good! All the urinals are up to date meaning they are the waterless kind. So saving water is a good thing. Only weird things I thought were that there was no mirror and no actual door to the entrance of the bathroom. That's ok though because all you can see from the hallway are the sinks. So overall, this place is small, but they kind of make up for their size with a decent restaurant and a nice bathroom. So Longhorn Casino, you're ok with me!
4	Longhorn has been my boyfriends go to spot for prime rib for years. I don't think he has ever ordered anything else. And now that I've tried it, I know why. That king cut Cajun style prime rib is worth every penny of the $12 it cost. Also it's one of only 3 things that are over $10 on the menu. The have tons of local specials. Steak & lobster, BBQ platters. Yeah those for $10 scare me so I can't act like I've tried em. This place is just cool. If you have to wait to eat (the the entire casino and restaurant is prolly 3000 square ft) gamble at the penny slots, or listen to the live music. Yeah it's smokey, pretty ghetto, and you won't be entertained. But the east side and it's food options are slim, so if you're stuck on boulder and not interested in a $20 hooker- go for the prime rib. Just the people watching alone is entertainment. Trust me on that one!
1	This one star is for the Chuck Wagon restaurant late night staff only. We found this little hole in the wall looking for real food after 9 pm. My husband and I arrive in Vegas every Saturday around 9. For the last two weeks prior to this one, everything was wonderful, the dinner crew are great!   We always get the steak and lobster to eat there and the ribs to go.Last night we were told the ribs was in-house and we couldn't get it to go, we have to eat it there. After my husband informed them that we have been purchasing them this way for the last two weeks, the waitress asked the night manager if it could be done. She returned and said, "The manager said he will let you have it since you have done it before, however, we are going to put it on a plate, if you want it to go you have to box it yourself". Okay, even if the manager is an anal prick, she gets tips and should have just  prepared the meal to go. I don't understand the difference from putting it in a to-go container oppose to a plate. We had already notice the difference in the service, my husband cup wasn't refilled in a timely manner, we did a lot of waiting for everything. The place wasn't busy at all. The dinner crew worked more efficiently under more stress from the dinner rush.We declined the second meal. We received the check and my husband placed his credit card on it. The waitress asked if he wanted her to take it up, he said sure, she asked for ID. He said that's okay I'll do myself. She walked away and headed in the direction of the cashier. My husband said watch and see a guard is going to be up there when we check out. Sure as shit not only was there one, there were two guards at check out. I have never experience anything like this in my life. Needless to say she didn't get a tip, I have never not tipped before anywhere I've been. I hate to play the race card, however, I feel that had a lot to do with it.Staff remember this, as far as customers are concerned you are the company.  Customers are not a burden, but the core of your job. You hold in your hands the power to keep customers coming back, perhaps even to make or break the company.  Being on par in terms of price and quality only gets you into the game. Service wins the game. It starts with respect. If you respect the customer as a human being, and truly honor their right to be treated fairly and honestly, everything else is much easier.
3	This review is for the Casino at the Longhorn.  I've never stayed in the motel part, and the restaurant is actually called the Chuckwagon.  I already left my review for it there.  Seriously, check out my review.  The Chuckwagon restaurant is a Vegas staple.-----I have given up Gambling (I like craps, blackjack, and video poker just a little too much) but before i quit, the Longhorn was one of my favorite places to play.  They have a lot of slots and video poker, with much better payout rates than the Strip or Fremont. (Slots are always a bad bet, but if you are going to play slots, don't do it in the touristy areas...stick to the locals places with better payouts)  Their pit is 3 tables, but rarely do they have more than 2 tables open.  They have $2 blackjack with the "lucky ladies" side bet available 24 hours a day, and their odds are great.  They actually allow surrender and unlimited splitting of cards, but also allow you to double down on your third card if you so choose.   (so if you have 7, hit and draw a 4 to give you 11, they will still let you double to try for 21. AMAZING)  No other Casino in town allows for that rule, and it decreases the overall house advantage by quite a bit.the drinks are usually poured pretty stiff, but that depends on the bartender who is working.  Their cocktail waitresses are friendly, but understaffed, so it sometimes takes a while to get drinks - especially on weekends when they get pretty busy. The performers they get in the evenings are sometimes good, but often sound like fairly bad karaoke.  They have a good time though, so it's still fun to sit and drink and play.The seats are comfortable, and the place is usually clean and well kept, but it is OLD.  Expect an old dive bar locals joint, not something classy you'd find on the Strip.  It can get really smokey in there, and even when the place is empty at 4 in the morning, smoke still kind of permeates every surface.  If smoke bothers you, this is DEFINITELY not the place for you, but i still love it.
5	Best place in vegas, they have the strongest jack n coke.
4	Let me start by saying I despise the strip.  I am all about friendly dealers, friendly and prompt cocktail servers, and cheap gambling.  If you're like me, this is the place for you.  Their dealers know all the locals by name, and treat the out-of-towners with the same respect.  It's a tiny joint with only 3 tables, so cocktails are offered regularly.  I think my friend downed about a dozen drinks in just under an hour.  He chatted with all the staff (he's a talker) and had as much fun as I.  The place isn't much to look at, but who cares.  Their restaurant is yummy and cheap.  I think the restaurant could use a facelift.  The bathrooms appeared to be redone nicely and were kept clean.  I approve!  I went back 3 times while staying in vegas fri-sat.  Goodbye strip!  Goodbye Freemont Street!  The hotel elevators look little creepy, I don't know that I would stay here.
1	So now and then I say to myself, I want to try that $5.99 steak! I really need to stop listening to that voice.I live fairly close to Longhorn and have wanted to try it for awhile. I'm craving steak so I head over with my husband. We enter and see the place is small for sure. I don't mind little dives but this was a bit more dive than I care for. Smaller than it looks on the outside. We get on the list for the cafe and play for awhile until called.We both order the $5.99 steak special. I ask for medium and husband asks for medium rare. The cafe itself is small and quite hot. Food comes out, husbands steak is well done, mine is an OK medium, both are very tough. Well, it's $5.99. Our rolls are store bought, baked potato was OK. Now I'm really feeling hot so we finish up and move on. The rest of the casino lacked much variety in games so we left. At this point I would have given it a two star but within about 30 minutes I started having bad stomach cramps and we had to go home and cut our evening short. Not pleasant.So the next time I crave a cheap steak I'll have to up the amount to maybe searching for a $10 one.
5	I loved this off strip dive Casino!
4	All the ti, es I've travelled to vegas and travelled around off the strip. Can't believe I just found out about this place (and those god damn ribs) on my june 27-july 4th vegas trip. This review is mainly for the restaurant though I did go through the casino obviously. The casino is just a small dive mainly for the locals. Not really any new fancy machines or anything like that. Probably takes like 2 minutes to touch every slot in the casino lmaoNow onto the BBQ RIBS!!As a guy originally from the midwest...I know bbq well. Since I moved to cali, I always hated how garbage the bbq was and basically the west coast in general. I come here and get seated quickly. I decide to take a risk and order the full slab of bbq ribs. Man were they good. I smashed every single rib. Not a bit of meat left on the bones. The waiter was shocked I fineshed a whole slab and he was a big boy. Everyone has to give this place a shot. Might not be fancy but it gets the job done for sure.I come back to vegas october 3-7 2013 so gotta remember to take the bus over this way on my first day.
1	My wife and I came back to this place from a long vacation, we just wanted to stop by and have a couple drinks and the bartender tells me you been 86 I can't serve you and they don't want your business!  I said excuse me? I asked for a manager there no managers so I've asked for a security person and I explain to him what just happened and he asked me have we ever said to you you been 86? I said no, have we ever taken you're photo? I said absolutely not, he said then he's fine" he said to the bartender,  so the bartender apologizes and give us 2 drinks on the house. We just got up and left from then on they don't deserve our business. The bartender "Primo" should gets his facts right before saying I've never felt so humiliated I was going to report him to his cooperate office which I doubt they would do anything this will satisfy me.
4	Stopped in after the unlv game to have a beer and some light blackjack. Lots of fun! Friendly dealers,  (especially Shawn and Donna). A different kind of spot if  you are tired of the larger brick buildings.  Didn't try the food, but plan to next time.
2	A dive casino. Re. the food, you get what you pay for. I did not review the hotel rooms._____________________Food Quality: 2This casino is so small it's best to think of it as a restaurant with a casino area. We eat here regularly, and 'you get what you pay for' sums it up. There is a $6 steak deal. My favorite is a huge platter of BBQ for $10 (this is seasonal). They have $9 prime rib. The portions are so large you will be full. Food will be left on your plate, but it may be because it's unappetizing. The quality is hit or miss. Their definition of doneness is very liberal. One time I had raw prime rib that I took home to recook. One time I asked for medium well, and they nuked it into rubberyness. Their eggs are sometimes dry (do they nuke these too?). However, some of their items are consistently great, like the omelets, the chicken fried steak.+1 among the cheapest meals you can get. -1 wildcard doneness for steaks. -1 bad items.What I'd Get Here: The chicken fried steak. Any steak if you like it Pittsburgh._____________________Service Quality: 4Their service is consistently friendly. For the restaurant, they take your name and call you when your table is ready, and it can be heard throughout the casino. However, the speed depends greatly on how full the restaurant is. If it's full you may be irritated with how long it took you to get the food. In the casino, the drink waitress comes around more often than other casinos.+1 friendliness. -1 hit or miss service time. +1 frequent drink waitress._____________________Ambiance and Location: 1This is a dive. It doesn't loose points for being a dive, because it's pretty clear that this is no ritz from the outside. It's off of Boulder and Flamingo, near Cannery and Sam's Town, so it's in a better location compared to other dive casinos. The positives end there. It's packed and smokey. Extremely dated look of everything. There's nothing for kids to do here. Don't take a date here. Don't take a large group of family here, the tables are small.+1 location. -1 smokey. -1 dated. -1 cramped.This would be a good place to take a: group of friends who want to do Vegas cheap._____________________Gaming and Entertainment: 1You'll notice they have tables, but it looks like they only play funny blackjack here, so I stay away. They have a limited variety of machines. You get a pack of cookies for joining their gaming club. Occasionally they'll have a guy on a guitar. I understand that most performances are pre-recorded, but his performance struck me as overtly fake and cheesy. -1 funny blackjack only. -1 limited games. You would find me at: the triple and five play video poker._____________________Cleanliness: 2The restrooms will surprise you. They're better than you would expect. The restaurant booths are filthy. The restaurant and the bar have different health code ratings (see below).-1 filthy booths. +1 A. -1 B.Health code rating: restaurant is an A, bar is a B.Overall rating: floor(average(ratings)) = floor(2) = 2
3	We came here on a Friday evening and ordered two entrees 1. Whole stack bbq ribs, 13.992. 16oz top sirloin steak, 14.99for $21 (we used a BOGO from the American Casino guide) - On Boulder Hwy, across from Sam's Town. Once inside, go straight passed the table games and you're there. - 15 to 20min wait. Pretty busy. Wait in smoke. - Entree comes with soup or salad, and choice of mashed potatoes and gravy, baked potato, or french fries. Both of us chose the soup, which was clam chowder and mashed potatoes. We each got a bread bun with butter. - At first, I thought that the clam chowder was canned but I took a closer look at the chopped potatoes and their was still skin on it! Although it tasted salty like Campbell's Chunky, I know they don't have skin on their potatoes and onions. - The mashed potatoes were cold. - They gave us a unopened bottles of A1 and Heinz rib sauce!- BBQ ribs were great! Although the taste is not like Lucille's, it was still tender and had enough meat for the right price. - Steak was pretty good, but I'd recommend the ribs over this- They also have specials like steak and lobster for 9.99, but we couldn't use the BOGO with the specials. - The worst thing about coming here is that after coming out of the casino, your hair and clothes will wreak of cigarettes. But it's a small price to pay, for a good and cheap eat! Casino- Mostly slots. Bar and a small area for a live band. - 3 tables, but 2 open when I was there, both blackjack. one table was a $2min and the other was a $5 min. 3:2 blackjack, multiple-deck, and poor penetration. - New members get a free cookie! Haha. I got chocolate chip. - New members with the Casino guide get 2,000 free points!
4	Let me start off with my review for the restaurant side of the casino. My auntie and cousin took me here to try their food because the portion size is good and the food is tasty. At first I was a little iffy because the casino was small so I wasn't expecting anything too great.Anyway, the food ended up being WAY better than I expected. The waitress was nice, I forgot what her name was but even though the restaurant is small the service is kind of slow. The servers are running around everywhere trying to accommodate the customers. My drink wasn't refilled until 10 minutes after it was empty. Also, being from Hawaii, we're not used to tasting chlorine in our drinks, but the Sprite I had tasted like chlorine. It was crazy. I'm not gonna knock off stars for that though because the restaurant can't help it. The only reason I don't give the restaurant 5 stars is because the wait time is ridiculous. When you get your food, your worries kind of go away though because the portions are so big. So it seems like all the time you waited, but worth it. Even though I had a half rack of baby back ribs, I still ended up full and the mashed potatoes were excellent.Now, on to the casino side. I had a really great time playing on their machines. I was glad they had The Hangover machine because it's my favorite one to play when I'm in Vegas. Not many casinos have it so I was happy to see that this casino had the machine! Also, the security had to check my ID because I looked under aged. He was really nice and he was surprised because he had never seen a Hawaii ID so that kind of struck up a conversation and he was super cool about it.
4	Just commenting on the food. I get the chicken wings , my friend gets the steak special which is 10$ ...awesome food when you have been out all night. Can't beat the price ...it is very divey but that's why it's cheap. Best wings in Vegas...
4	Had the steak and lobster for $9.99was pretty good for the price but the steak was a little grisly.Played black jack for about 6 hours and did pretty good till the endcant blame them for thatProbably the food keeps everybody coming backthey had a live band there too wich was nice
5	old school Vegas there's not to Many of these left.Portions and food are great for the price (All I'm saying is the food is good for the price) The bar is a bit older the bar tenders are nice and easy to talk to and the beer and shots  are cheap  good place for the money only cons are the smoke (it gets in your cloths) and the occasional boulder highway scum that ventures in.
1	This place has been going downhill since my last review, and I will probably never come back here. This review is strictly for the restaurant and casino._____________________Food Quality: 0This casino is so small it's best to think of it as a restaurant with a casino area. We eat here regularly, and the quality has been declining for over a year now. There is a $6 steak deal. My favorite is a huge platter of BBQ for $10 (this is seasonal). They have $9 prime rib. The portions are so large you will be full. The past three times we've eaten here the food has been cold and it took a very long time to get to our table. Last year it would be hit or miss (some days the brisket would be great, others the chicken would be totally cold like they did not bother to microwave it). Their definition of doneness varies. One time I had raw prime rib that I took home to recook. One time I asked for medium well, and they nuked it into rubberyness. Their eggs are sometimes dry (do they nuke these too?). +1 cheap. -1 wildcard doneness for steaks. -1 bad items. -2 (update) somehow slow and cold.What I'd Get Here: The chicken fried steak. Any steak if you like it Pittsburgh._____________________Service Quality: 3Their was friendly, but lately it is just OK. For the restaurant, they take your name and call you when your table is ready, and it can be heard throughout the casino. However, the speed depends on how full the restaurant is. Lately the service is slow. When we confronted the waiter that our food was cold, he insisted that it had 'just come up', but it was room temperature. On the casino floor, the drink waitress will come around more often than in other casinos.-1 hit or miss service time. +1 frequent drink waitress._____________________Ambiance and Location: 1This is a dive. It doesn't loose points for being a dive, because it's pretty clear that this is no ritz from the outside. It's off of Boulder and Flamingo, near Cannery and Sam's Town, so it's in a better location compared to other dive casinos. The positives end there. It's packed and smokey. Extremely dated look of everything. There's nothing for kids to do here. Don't take a date here. Don't take a large group of family here, the tables are small. Lately they have renovated the bathroom.+1 location. -1 smokey. -1 dated. -1 cramped. +1 (update) renovated bathroom.This would be a good place to take a: group of friends who want to do Vegas cheap._____________________Gaming and Entertainment: 1You'll notice they have tables, but it looks like they only play funny blackjack here, so I stay away. They have a limited variety of machines. You get a pack of cookies for joining their gaming club. Occasionally they'll have a guy on a guitar. I understand that most performances are pre-recorded, but his performance struck me as overtly fake and cheesy. -1 funny blackjack only. -1 limited games. You would find me at: the triple and five play video poker._____________________Cleanliness: 2The restrooms will surprise you. They're better than you would expect. The restaurant booths are filthy. The restaurant and the bar have different health code ratings (see below).-1 filthy booths. +1 A. -1 B.Health code rating: restaurant is an A, bar is a B.Overall rating: floor(average(ratings)) = floor(1.4) = 1
4	Great dinner and Christian delivered awesome service.  Can't beat s $5.99 sresk.  Rolls are the best.  Tables were fill so missed out on $2 BJ.
2	[Pretend-written by my 15 year old self, 1996]  Oh wow, It looks like a cowboy restaurant in here!  the steak is yummy great!  The whole family eats for super cheap!    Super cool, man! - 5 stars[written by my 22 year old self, 2003]Just like I remembered it!  Mmm' I like grizzle in my steaks!  My fiance' & I can eat steak everyday at this price..  Memories! - 4 stars[Fast forward 33 years old, current day]  Man this place hasn't changed at all.  The steak meat is decent yet almost questionable.  Well, you do get what you pay for.  I'll pass.
5	If you want to not spend a lot of money but eat a lot and actually have it taste delicious. Then you have to eat here. The food is amazing. I think me and my husband have tried everything on the menu. The chicken fried steak is great, and when you go you should do the challenge. The monster burger is huge, but if you finish you get a certificate. My husband did the challenge twice and it was funny watching him.
3	Got a cheap deal from hotels magazine for 40/ night on labor day weekend for two queen sized beds. 15 min from strip.so pretty close. Not real gross or dirty but needs some real updating. Not luxury. More like a motel. Parking is good. One of the lightbulbs were out in the room and they didnt.want.to bring us one. The shower made a.real loud sound but at least there was hot water. Quiet setting. We were on second floor non smoking and fortunately didnt smell any smoke
1	last sat. my girl friend and her sister and I thought we would go to the long horn for breakfast, as we had been there before and it was good and prices we're good, NOT THIS TIME !!!!, we got there about 10 a.m. checked in, was supposed to be 15 min., turned in to 30 min., finally got a table, oh by the way there were several empty tables why the 30 min. no clue, we were seated in a booth and that was it !!! we sat there for a good 15 to 20 min. never got a waitress the whole time never got served any drinks water or any response that we were even there, while the whole time people that came in after us were being served so after 15-20 min. of being ignored we got up and left, told the hostess why and they didn't even seem to care, this place could be much better if they had some decent management.
5	Great place to eat, large portions and the prices are so low it's ridiculous. The steak and lobster specials, breakfast and burgers are delicious. The service is great. You don't have to ask for a refill or even have to ask for a stack of napkins (they beat you to it) Lol
4	I live exactly 2 blocks away from this hotel/casino.  From the outside of the place it looks old and run down.  Well actually on the inside it looks kinda old too.  Be prepared to witness a small casino area.  On a Friday and Saturday night expect it to be super packed.  By the looks of the place it looks like the food would be kinda suspect but that's hardly the case.  It's pretty good.  Sometimes it's kinda hard to mess up steak and lobster. The restaurant stays busy.  I waited 20 minutes and the line hardly moved.  There's not too many casino off the strip that has the feel of the Longhorn Casino.  It may remind some people of the old Nevada Palace.  I didn't stay in the hotel part so I don't have any advice on that area
1	I can not speak of the food that I was told had great flavor and huge portions for the price.  45 minutes to an hour for a table, after 8 at night.  We went across the street to the Eastside Cannery buffet. In town for a last minute wedding and since only staying for one night, we figured this place would be okay. The casino is TINY and to say it is smokey is an understatement.   I honestly think the restaurant is larger than the gaming area.  Hard to play slots when older people are playing two or three machines at the same time.Upon checking in, we were told all of the rooms have new mattresses.  They might be new, but they are HORRIBLE.   Honestly,  the floor has more padding under the horribly stained carpet.In room bathrooms are tiny. Ironic that they are tiny,  because instead of toilet paper holder being next to toilet, it is on the opposite wall.  But hey, at least you get your morning stretching done while reaching for toilet paper.Taking a shower is scary.Water temperature level is a choice of slowly boil your flesh off or instantly boil your flesh off.  I didn't even try to bathe my 9 month old son out of fear of causing serious injury.   Our room was on the backside of the hotel and I was kept awake most of the night by a fight in the neighborhood which is a stone's throw away. Amounts to...it is a place to shower and sleep, but you can't do either one comfortably here.  True case of you get (or don't get really,) what you pay for.
5	Favorite late night place to eat. Huge delicious burgers. Chicken fried steak is awesome.  Good soup. Good breakfast special.  Chicken wings are best I've had in town. I've been to fat choy, bww, wingstop, and several bars. This place has the best at a great price.  Good service. Only drawback is the shady boulder highway location. If you are brave enough to venture here, you will not be disappointed.
4	More adventurous Las Vegas tourists always want to know where the locals eat. I know, because I used to be one of those types before I got the crazy idea of moving here. For my first Yelp review I'm going to let you in on a local secret, if you're brave enough for the adventure. Forget the overpriced buffets on the Strip. Forget the fru-fru hipster nonsense Downtown. If you want to go where the real locals eat then strap in, snowflake, because you've got to take a trip down Boulder Highway.  The first thing you'll notice as you venture out of the tourist areas of Las Vegas is a palatable sense of despair. That's normal. It's the local color you were looking for. The only skinny jeans you'll encounter are on the tweaker screaming about the bugs under his skin and if you see a woman dressed as a hooker, chances are she's actually a hooker and not a girl on spring break on her way to a club. If you take Fremont Street south out of the Downtown area, it will eventually turn into Boulder Highway which runs straight down to Henderson (a separate city of its own, not a suburb). Boulder Highway is real Las Vegas, like it or not. It is lined with pawn shops, dubious weekly rental apartments, quietly rusting trailer parks and numerous local casinos that you missed on Expedia because they don't come up on the first page. One of these places that you'll encounter, just across from the much larger Eastside Cannery and next to a frightening Wal-Mart, is the Longhorn Casino. You can't really miss it because you'll see the large orange sign long before you get to the squat building next to the Super 8 motel. Plus the casino has a large Texas Longhorn painted above the door so there's that.The Longhorn Casino itself is very much 'old school' Las Vegas in the truest sense in that it is a dank, dark, smokey dump. There are a lot of (decent) older video poker machines crammed in here along with some blackjack tables that you have to practically dodge around the moment you walk in. Your first thought will most likely be, "Fuck this!"Just keep moving ahead. The place is tiny and you can see the sign for the Chuck Wagon Restaurant right when you walk in. Make a beeline for that unless you want to try some very cheap blackjack with inexperienced dealers who might overpay you accidentally. The Chuck Wagon itself is decorated in sort of an Old West style, with pictures of wagons and John Wayne all over the place. Not that it matters all that much, people aren't here for the decor. Considering that the place is basically a cross between a family restaurant and the typical casino diner, the menu is surprisingly large. They have everything from salads to lobster to a full breakfast menu available 24 hours. There's also the famous steak special. It's not listed on the menu, you just have to ask for it. I believe it's still $5.99. They also advertise the Monster Burger for $9.99. You get a certificate proudly proclaiming your gluttony if you finish it. I've eaten here dozens of times and I've never seen a single person order it but I guess somebody must. The normal burgers, by the way, are pretty great for the price and they are very large plus you get a ton of decent fries. You will not leave hungry. Other items I'd recommend off the top of my head: the fish and chips, the cobb salad, just about anything on the breakfast menu and something they call the pot roast sandwich which is similar to the prime rib sandwich only much more awesome despite the name.The best part is, even though the prices have gone up a little over the years, two people can eat very well here for under $20. Yes, a couple of the entrees break the $10 mark but if you're looking to spend that much then why are you eating here to begin with?Even though the casino is old and smoke filled, the odor of cigarettes doesn't carry over into the restaurant. I'm a non smoker, I can't stand the smell of cigarettes while I eat and it has never bothered me once at the Chuck Wagon.If you show up at the wrong time, you may be in for a long wait. This place is very popular with the locals and you can end up waiting an hour if you chose to arrive at noon on a Sunday so plan accordingly. If you do have to wait you can always spend your time losing money on the penny slot machines. Oh and for the love of God, don't stay at that Super 8. No, I've never been in there but no way can that be a pleasant experience. If you want to stay on Boulder Highway for some reason, go to Sam's Town. The rooms are decent and they will probably be cheaper.So there you go. If you made it through this review you are now ready to have a real Las Vegas adventure. Or you can be a pussy and go to the Denny's.
4	Ten dollar steak and lobster in an 80s diner setting.  It's certainly not Wolfgang Puck but it's certainly worth ten dollars!  Great place to have a good filling meal without killing your wallet
5	Anyone get the vibe of strip club turned hotel? The mirrors everywhere and poles make me think this was a club back in the 70's! This place is still awesome though! I am so happy I stumbled across this place. The restaurant serves the BEST country fried steak I've ever had. That's a big statement considering that's my absolute favorite dish. The gravy is perfect, the steak is tender...even the hash browns are great! I may move to Vegas just for the food and this dish will be my weekly Sunday breakfast!The customer service was great, the restaurant was kept nice and clean, and my food came out pretty quickly. My mom had the steak and lobster and I loved the steak. I love how they give you plenty of real butter to go with the roll. It takes a whole lot to impress me and I am thoroughly impressed. I love the value and I cannot wait to try the rest of the menu! Can't wait to come back!!
1	Server was super rude on Christmas. Iwas born and raised in Vegas so I grew up eating at this location and the one in North Town. But after today I will never come back, I am so upset at the quality of food and service today. Goodbye Longhorn
4	Me and my husband come here about once every two weeks.. the food is OK nothing special but it's a great price.. we usually get the $5.99 steak dinner and that's enough to fill us up.. we usually are served by Jennifer.. she is great.. she's nice, attentive to our needs and always has a great attitude.. Jennifer always makes sure we are taken care of whether its making sure we have enough to drink or if we are enjoying our meal.. And usually after dinner we'll play some video poker with the money we saved on dinner.. I like that the casino is small.. it's cozy.. If you wanna get away from the strip scene but you still want the casino atmosphere than come to The Longhorn..
