4	The prefect beginning to a romantic date.  The Compass Room is atop the The Hyatt Regency in downtown Phoenix.  The restaurant rotates and if you go during sunset will give you one of the most breath taking views of the valley.  You end up paying for the view though, as the prices on the menu are rather high.  The food is good quality but be prepared around 80-90 dollars for two people (salad, dinner and desert) as well as drinks.  Fun place to go for a special occasion.
4	If you're ever in Phoenix and want to impress someone or pop "the question"!  The Compass Restaurant with it's impressive views, atmosphere, service and food should satisfy anyone and everyone!  Recommendations: Filet Mignon
4	When working downtown, this was a great "impress out of town clients" kind of place for lunch.  The food was always quite nice, but only because I wasn't paying.  For the price, and if impressing snooty clients wasn't involved, I would have most likely gone elsewhere.  IMHO, the best times to go are 1) Dessert and 2) Brunch.Desert here is quite yummy, and you don't mind so much paying a bit more for a cake and coffee when you get the impeccable service, the upscale look and the ever so amazing city lights.Brunch here is my favorite place to take folks who are visiting Phoenix.  I get teased a bit by family and friends that I'm the un-official Phoenix historical society because of how much I love pointing out Phoenix landmarks and telling everyone tidbits from their cool history.  Everyone has fun pointing out where their house is, where they went last night and were they are going on their sight seeing mission later that day.  It's also a great place to see how big Phoenix really is.  (Best spot - South Mountain) One full rotation takes about an hour, and there are plaques up around the place to tell you what building or mountain range is right in front of you.  Oh yea, the food.  It's good.  I know food shouldn't be secondary, but here it really is.  They always have a nice selection of cold seafood, pot stickers & sushi, bagels & muffins, fruit, omelets and waffles, and of course a nice selection of desserts. Of course Juice and Champagne are always included.  It's good, and you'll leave full, but the final impression will be in the view, not in the food.  And here, I think that's really as it should be.
5	If you've never been to the Compass Room, treat yourself and go. If that seems too indulgent, invite someone from somewhere else as your excuse to visit one of Phoenix's premiere dining landmarks.The Compass Room makes one full circle high over the city atop the Hyatt Regency downtown. The dcor is black-and-white minimalist with floor-to-ceiling windows. Of course, window seating is preferred and in demand. The food can be very-good or average-good, and the menu changes frequently. But frankly, you don't really come here for the food. It's the VIEW. And living in a boom town like Phoenix, there's always something new to see. From 1995-98, we watched the BOB going up. In 2004-05, the entire block below was buzzing with little ant-sized workmen and a giant crane for major expansion and refurbishment. What will the view be in 2007?
5	My first choice in the entire city of Phoenix!  This place always provides a stellar experience for all of my senses.  The view is spectacular, and I (a weather buff) recommend going during monsoon season to enjoy the fantastic electrical storms flashing off in the distance.  The food is excellent (I also recommend the filet).  The service is second to none in the Phoenix area.  It is expensive, but this is the type of place that is meant to be savored only once in a while.  They recently instituted a ($14-ish? can't recall exactly) minimum per person, as many people like to simply enjoy a drink and the view after a downtown event.  The minimum is easy to meet with a drink and dessert - and worth every penny.
3	Yeah well. . . . I was reluctant to host a business dinner at a rotating restaurant (is that like inviting a girl up for a drink if your pad looks like Austin Powers'?), but I did it anyway.  Why?  Because my fellow yelpers seemed to think it a good idea.It was alright.  I don't think anyone aside from me really looked out the window and the food was okay.  They ended up hating my "affordably priced" $50 bottles of wine and sent them back for something more extravagent.  Typical.  The steak was delish.  And, here's something.  I'm not much for creme brulee.  It's a'ight, but my favorite part is always the crispy sugar top.  Well, with our fixed price menu, we got a trio of brulees; vanilla, chocoloate and caramel (or dulce de leche if you're feeling fancy).  Holy crispy sugar Batman.  I ate the hell out of those things.  Maybe their crust:custard ratio was high enough for me to enjoy them, or maybe they were really good, but; they were really good.I ordered a sidecar to start however and I ended up with a snifter of Courvoisier and triple sec and a small glass with ice.  Um.  Almost.Probably not worth the price if you don't care about the view.
4	Food.  Awesome.  Service.  Awesome (Patty).  Ambience.  Awesome.Temperature.  SUCKED!  I froze through half my meal.  When I mentioned it to Patty, she said it happens at that part of the rotation.  For $80 a head (at least!)  you'd think they could take care of that!
2	This was the second stop on a bit of a bar crawl that my friend Chelsea and I were on that evening. She had been there once, I had never. I have been to the Space Needle before, which not surprisingly blows this place away.We arrived around 5:30 on a Saturday night and, since we were only having drinks, didn't have a reservation. The hostesses seated us quite quickly and the night went downhill from there. It took 110 minutes for the server to come by and nearly another 20 for our beer and mojito to get there. In that time, we watched our server have a seven minute conversation with what sounded to be a former employee. This was absolutely unacceptable. Our server knew we were only having drinks and we ordered straight off the menu. No way it should have taken that long.The view was great. Not much better in Phoenix, but the rotating seating area certainly isn't for everyone. If you tend to get a bit queasy, try to sit facing the direction of the movement and DON'T watch the building move.I'd consider trying it again, but only for dinner when the staff would hopefully be a little speedier.
5	I love to sit and spin! Here, on top on the Hyatt, you can do JUST THAT... and eat while your spinning.  Its a multi-tasker's dream!!!!This place is pretty amazing.  I have only been here for evening dinners and drinks, but I can tell you that it is a great venue for a special occasion.  I took my lovely lady here for a birthday and for an anniversary, so I pretty much played this out. However, you can still go!!!If you are a fan of Prime Rib, you have GOT to try the Compass Room's version.  It is cooked in a Merlot which makes it taste uber-fancy and your significant other will want to strip you down right there and thank you properly. For desert, try the Tiramasu.  It has thick chocolate walls printed with the signature 'Compass Room' and will put everyone in the mood for a party!The price is pretty high.  Like Amy said, about $80 per head. But definitely worth it.For this, I believe the Compass Room's logo should be "Sit, Spin, Go Home and Get Some"Do it. Do it.
4	My prom date brought me here 10 years ago. Hmm...I wonder what he was expecting at the end of the night. Although he thought that tanning until he was as red as a lobster was the new black this was one of his better judgment calls.  We had a window seat and I mesmerized him with fascinating facts about the city, which were on little plaques along the windows. It really took him until the end of dinner to figure it out. Anyway, I am sure the menu has changed, but the salad and shrimp with angel hair pasta I had that night were yummy. Cool view. I will have to come back sometime to see how the valley has changed from this view.
5	I first went here for their Thanksgiving brunch. It was delicious. They had all of your basic Thanksgiving food with a fine dining twist. On my hubby and my two year anniversary, we decided to go back since we loved it so much. They did not disappoint! We started out with the braised bacon as an appetizer. It was delicious, and the maple grits it sat on top of were the best part. Then we had the compass bisque. It is a roasted eggplant puree that has lump crab meat in it. It is a must try, even if you don't like eggplant. They had had it during the Thanksgiving brunch, sans the crab meat, but still good all the same. For my entree I had the diver scallops, and they were perfectly cooked and delicious. Then for dessert, we ordered the custard trio. It had creme brulee, a honey date flan, and some sort of chocolate custard. The waitress brought it over with a little chocolate piece that said Happy Anniversary and she even put in a candle in it an sang Happy Anniversary to the tune of Happy Birthday. The fact that you get to rotate and see the entire city while you're dining is an added bonus! I recommend it for any special occasion or whenever you don't mind spending a lot on dinner, since the place is a bit pricy (but worth it!) I would recommend it to anyone!
5	I had the pleasure of visiting the Compass Room for their Christmas Buffet this past holiday season. New in town and hungry for a good meal, I was eager to briefly forget (or at least stifle) the age old family traditions currently unavailable to me, and paid $60 for a ticket to their All You Can Eat. And boy did I.The Compass Room is located in the Hyatt Regency in downtown Phoenix. There is parking in the large parking garage across the street, or you can pull up for valet, if your occasion calls for it. Upon entering the hotel, you are greeted by a huge foyer, ornately decorated with interesting sculptures and paintings. You walk straight toward the back of the foyer to the elevators, slightly rounding a corner to the right. A desk comes into view and the attendants will ask you where you're heading. Inform them that you are going to the Compass Room, they verify your reservations, and you enter the looming elevator. You are whisked away, many, many, many floors up to the looming space ship-shaped restaurant that overlooks much of phoenix. The restaurant is as expected, nicely decorated and fancy, if you're into that scene. The window views are exceptional, providing some of the best Phoenix city views available. And the restaurant spins around 360 degrees, which, let's admit, is really frickin' cool. Our experience was unique, in that we were there for the Christmas buffet, or do they call it the Holiday buffet now? But I am assuming that the overall experience is quite similar no matter the time. Skipping ahead to what we all want to hear about... the food. Now, I am a chef, no stranger to good food. But I'll tell ya, they got it right for buffet. After selecting a few good wines, my companion and I lurched from our seats (ok, we did it slowly... maybe too slow, to compensate for how fast we actually WANTED to move) and walked over to the first station of food. I loaded my first plate with the following items: A delicious mushroom risotto, freshly baked bread and an assortment of fancy cheeses (perhaps 7 different kinds), the ever-amazing combination of fresh mozzarella, tomatoes and basil. The next plate got to the heart of the issue, which was a healthy portion of rosemary crusted beef tenderloin and a nice side of gravy and some excellent mashed potatoes. I took a smaller portion of ham, but admittedly was not as impressive as I had hoped. The tenderloin however, as well as the entire first plate, were simply fantastic. Fantastic enough for me to leave my seat, belt loosened, tie aside and collect a second portion of each. For dessert, they had carrot cake which was delicious, as I am a big carrot cake fan as well as a large assortment of other items. The chocolate cake was excellent as well.The bottom line for my visit to the Compass Room, is that it was near perfect in almost every way. I will remember some of the dishes I had there for many, many years to come and I will definitely be back, if not even for the food, but the great panoramic city view.
4	grab a drink, spin around phoenix
4	The Compass room is a favorite of mine for a number of reasons. Its central location is perfect for a night at the opera or finishing a night out.  Its menu has a fairly sophisticated selection and for the price it's a pretty good deal for a swanky hotel bar place in down town PHX. They have a fairly decent brunch on Sunday morning with generous helping of the mimosas (and they aint shy about pouring) Not an everyday place for sure but a place to take the folks while they visit from out of town and have them wow'ed at the pretty lights as they stand elevated looking at the valley, or to take that special date where you want a memorable quiet night to get to know each other. The service is what you would expect from a place of this caliber and the wine selection is not out of this world...but hey you must remember you are really on top of the Hyatt :P  All and all worth while experience.
4	Pretty damn nice!I made reservations for the Compass via OpenTable and upon arrival, i was greeted by first name.  We were seated promptly and thank God I didn't pre-drink too much because the restaurant spins at a pretty steady pace.  It's a great concept and for all the theatrics, the cost of the meals were very reasonable.  I had salmon and opted for polenta with my meal instead of mashed potatoes and I'm glad to see that both grits and polenta were mainstays on their list of sides.  The only miss for me was the chili cornbread which I didn't find to be that great, although my comrades seemed to like it.  Service was prompt and consistent and I must say I enjoyed my meal and the whole spinning experience.
4	We popped up here for a drink, the view was amazing, staff was pleasant.Price is obviously high - but you are paying for the view.Their choices of wine is limited. Their choice of appetizers is slim and not appetizing. Which was a bummer!Hopefully they can expand the options! We would have spent a bit of time and money there, but alas we simply enjoyed our wine and the view and left.Luckily they didn't care too much about dress code - we were allowed access in shorts!Great place for a date or romantic evening!Note: Elevator is open glass. And elevator will only go to that floor when the restaurant is open, and it doesn't open at 4pm! Check the signs. only certain elevators go up to the top!
1	My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary dinner and the experience was terrible. We had reservations at 6:30 and it took us 10 minutes of standing around before someone brought us to our seats.  We sat down and was asked what we would like to drink. We answered and then looked at the menu for literally 30 seconds and the server comes and ask us if we're ready to order. We say no, but can you come back in a bit. He then comes back 20 MINUTES later and rudely ask "what are you going to order"Not only was it that, but i ordered the pork loin and oh my wow. I have never in my life asked for another dish before. I did for this. It was so terrible. I know what Fine Dinning is, and trust me, this isnt. My boyfriend couldnt eat it either and then we both had beef medallion, which was ONLY acceptable, not worth 37 dollars.Terrible food terrible service. I appreciated what my boyfriend tried to do, but if you're trying to take someone to a special dinner, this place isnt it. it IS NOT worth that much money to go to this place. All in all, terrible service terriple food
2	For the bar only: sub par wine, but nice view. 2.5 starsCost to worth it rating: 2 ($18 for a wine flight; overpriced to supplement the view)Highlights:- View: high level where you can look down upon the buildings of downtown Phoenix- Rotation effect: trippy but fun. After 55 minutes, you'll make the full 360 trip around.- Signs: every so often, at a spot on the wall they'd have a marker indicating what you were looking at from that particular viewLowlights:- Wines: liked that they had flights (called trios), but oh dear were the wines bad. Between the hub and I, we sampled 6 wines and did not care for any of them.Go for the view and order a cocktail. If we feel like peering over building lights, we'll be back. If not, we'll go for an evening drink elsewhere.
3	Way overpriced for the food they have to offer.  Another fairly interesting location brought down by an over-priced, under-whelming menu.  Disappointing.
2	I'm so sad to write this review. I loved this restaurant when I went for the first time three years ago. Until last night it was the best meal I had ever eaten. The flavors were unbelievable. Last night the flavors were awful! I'm not even comparing it the first time when I say that. I ordered a steak (NY strip, I usually get a fillet, but for some reason wanted a NY) with baked gratin and a lobster tail. The first thing I tasted was the gratin, the reason I didn't like it was more a personal taste issue, I don't like the flavor of crisp cheese (like the "burnt" cheese on a cheese bagel), but that isn't the chef's fault. Over all the gratin was fine, but I kept feeling like I could make it better myself (not to toot my own horn, I'm an average cook, the gratin just wasn't that great at all). I peeled the top off and ate the rest. I gobbled up the lobster, I don't know how they are suppose to taste though, it was only the second time I've had lobster (The first was at the seafood buffet in Vegas, and I liked it a lot, so I decided to try it again:) it was good, but the buffet was better, that makes me question how good it really was though :). Next I tried the steak, it was the toughest steak I have ever had. The quality of the meat was HORRIBLE! It actually hurt to chew, it was so tough! I'm sitting there thinking "Yayyy, I have a $35 steak to eat tonight...." then I get less than a $5 walmart quality piece of meat. Very bummed I was! I took three bites, and I actually felt like I didn't want to eat it anymore. This is not a norm for me, I'm not very picky. So, my loving Hubby's broke the ice and let the server know I wasn't happy with the steak, and he was very kind and offered me a fillet. I accepted. The problem was by the time it came out I didn't want to eat a steak, I had already eaten the potatoes and lobster and my Hubby's shrimp :). I also had my eye on a dessert that sounded really good, I wanted to save room (see, I'm forgiving! I was gonna keep ordering! :). The server packaged up the second meal and brought out a complementary dessert. How nice! Well the thought was nice! The dessert wasn't! Here is where my disappointment just set in (with the food, the service was great). It was a sampler, so I had cheesecake, cobbler, and brule. The cheese cake was very bad (grocery store cheese cake beats it!) it was dry and crumbled, it tasted sour, not sweet. I only took a taste of the cobbler, it wasn't good at all. The brule had a really disgusting rum sauce on top, but I scooped it off and the custard was ok. I could just tell this place has really gone down hill, it must be the economy. Even though I do have higher expectations in a restaurant like this, I would have been ok even if the food was just a little bit better. It really was just bad. I tasted a little of my Hubby's meal :) he had a steak also, but I didn't taste his. He also had a corn and potato mash, it was pretty good. The shrimp were also pretty tasty. So, not everything was horrible, but, it just wasn't very good at all. When you are talking $150 meal for two, I expect better. I can go to Flemings and pay that and walk out with my eyes twinkling from happy eating. So, the food one star, just bad. The service earned another, they were very understanding and tried to make up for my dissatisfaction (they only knew about the steak though, they don't know how unhappy we were with the other food).
3	It makes me sad to give the Compass only 3 stars, but frankly, it's really the best I can do after this recent visit. Don't get me wrong, the view, amazing. The service was very professional and well done. I just am very disappointed in the menu changes the Compass has made since my visit there last year with respect to the menu. The menu is all about the grill. I guess this is fine, but it doesn't really go with the air of elegance that the Compass tries to convey. The Compass used to be about fine dining which went along with the sophistication of the room. This current menu is limited and doesn't really showcase the talents of the chef. One of the problems with the Compass is that it's so freaking dark in there, you don't really get to actually see the food. I understand why they keep it dark; so you can enjoy the lights of the city...but dammit, I do want to at least see what I'm eating. Fine dining is about all 5 senses....and some chefs really miss the mark on this. The Compass is no exception, unfortunately. We started out with the warm brie appetizer which was a medium size hunk of brie wrapped in a crispy crust placed on top of an arugula salad. Basically, it was an overinflated cheese stick. There was more crust than brie although the arugula had a nice viniagrette on it. The tastes were fine, but I just didn't feel like they went together very well. We shared an iceberg wedge salad. You can't really miss with a wedge and this one was good. The Maytag Bleu Cheese dressing was lovely and they added some olives and grape size tomatoes. I just wish that restaurants would make bacon a standard issue item on the iceberg wedge. It's just better with bacon. Prior to our meals coming out, the server came to us with a display of 4 different steak knives that we could choose from to use to cut our meat. I am still kind of baffled by this and why this should be necessary for us to select our weapon of choice for the meal, but we selected a sturdy wooden handled sabre and it was adequate for our needs...I hope. LOL. My son had the NY Steak with a huckleberry sauce. The sauce was a nice addition to the steak which on it's own was unseasoned and blah. Fine for a 9 year old, but for $33 bucks, I expect a little more. The Yukon mashed potatoes were delicious; creamy and very flavorful. I had the prime rib with a side of chipotle macaroni and cheese. The mac and cheese was just ok. The creamy horseradish sauce that was on the side for the prime rib was good--not too horsey like some places tend to do, but just enough to add some bite to the meal. But the prime rib itself lacked flavor and charm. Disappointing considering the price and the location.The company was great, the service was very well done, and the atmosphere was nice, but I'm afraid that this time, it was the food that was subpar and that's a shame. It's likely that the next time we are downtown for an evening at the ballet, we'll be picking another restaurant to visit. I am also sad to say the Compass no longer serves Sunday Brunch. I used to enjoy their brunch a great deal but with the change of chef, comes a change of direction for the restaurant. Hopefully they will bring back the brunch because it was a very nice place to take out-of-towners as well as just to relax on Sunday.
4	Surprising Good food by a restuarant one would expect to highlight view and little else.  Great Veal Chop and Excellent Service.
4	The view ALONE bumps this to a 4 star.I have lived in the Valley for over 10 years and I FINALLY visited the Compass Restaurant. A spectacular view of the city at sunset couldn't have been more perfect.The food was really good, although I can't rave about it, because we have so many other great restaurants that I believe are much better for the price. However, I realize the view is really what you're paying for. There was a special eggplant bisque that was definitely worth mentioning though!!A great place to take SPECIAL guests or a lucky date who might enjoy watching the sunset over the mountains and an endless sea of city lights.
4	I go here for drinks and to enjoy the views. I've looked at the food menu and it seemed expensive and because I don't have a bajillion dollars, I can't go here frequently, but when I'm feeling frisky, I put on a nice shirt and go to the Compass Restaurant. It can get crowded and busy, especially around the time of year when all the schools have prom. I think there is a two drink minimum if you're not eating. But whatever, I go to enjoy the views from the top.
4	Went to the compass room after the symphony, for dessert. Dessert was pretty good we had the custard trio- chocolate, honey, and vanilla. We had a drink each, service was great, and the view was nice. Dessert was $6, drinks ranged from $8-12.
3	Well the view is obvious.  I mean - it is decently high up and gives you a good view of downtown but, I don't know - the view from the Arizona Club is better.  We went here after watching a show at the Herberger and I was expecting some high class expensive dining that that is exactly what I got.  The service matched the price tag which was nice to see but the restaurant itself was disappointing.  Not only did they not have Coke or dark rum but they let poor Ashley A order a prime rib and then told her they were all out.  I had the drunken shrimp and they were pretty excellent.  The sauce around them was really good and they were resting on a piece of toast disguised as a crostini.  I also had a few bites of the lava cake but since it was buried under a pound of powered sugar, I couldn't eat any more.I guess I just agree with Beth S's review...I'm just not seeing what justifies the price.  The District in the Sheraton next door is a restaurant in a hotel that has amazing food that is priced better than this.  Plus, the view there isn't half bad.
2	If first impressions could kill... Glenn and Bri D. accompanied a friend and I to Compass Restaurant. After stepping off the fun (and I mean fun!) elevator ride up to the restaurant I instantly felt dizzy - everyone got a laugh when I instinctively asked 'why do I feel weird' - Um, the room is moving. The unease got better when we moved from the core (non-moving) of the building to the seating (the actual rotating floor). The service was SO good. Our waitress was super nice and attentive to a level I'm not really used too, but I could get used to it! We ordered the prime rib and she came back so apologetic that she even let us order it, that she gave us two filet mignon dishes - which were really good. I got the mac n' cheese as my side dish, which had a sweetness to it - a unique taste, but not appealing to me. The dessert was disappointing. Strawberry shortcake seems like an easy-to-please/hard-to-mess-up kind of dish...I guess I was wrong. The shortcake was dry and had no flavor, the tiny shot of whip cream was the best thing about it, but it was only the size of a silver dollar...sad day. I have definitely experienced better food for less. The service was outstanding, but didn't make up for the lackluster in the food and ambiance.By the way, I got even sicker on the way out and that stuck with me all night, making it hard to go to sleep :( No bueno...
2	Hmph... I had always wanted to try this spot, and living within walking distance for the past 3 years hasn't done much to change that, until now.  After catching a show at the Herberger, Ashley A. suggested we go here for drinks/food.  I wasn't really feeling it because I was scared of what I expected in terms of premium pricing, but we went anyway.  The elevator ride up was fun and it made my ears pop.  Once we got off the elevator though, things kind of stopped being fun and I felt like I just stepped into a closet.  It was so dark!I will give the Compass one thing, their service is fantastic.  Unfortunately, service does not make up for the lack of quality in food or the overwhelmingly inflated prices.  They didn't have Coke, which really irritated me, so I just had a water.  We ended up getting the Drunken Shrimp app since we weren't entirely hungry and then the Lava Cake for dessert.  The sauce with the shrimp was startlingly salty.  Even for me, and I oversalt everything.  The shrimp were okay, and there were only three.  Seriously?  20 bucks for 3 shrimp and a piece of bread.  Sheesh!  At least the desserts were priced fairly.  The lava cake was okay, but it doesn't even come close to my beloved Domino's Lava Crunch Cake.  After checking out the rather uninspired menu and it's awe inspiring prices, I won't be back.  Besides, the view from the top of the Chase Tower is much more impressive, so the view alone will not get me to come back.
5	WOW oh WOW ... talk about sevice and a view. So speacle occasion this is the place to go.  It's like everyone in the resturant knew us specipicly.  The Food was great a little pricey but I did enjoy it all. oh my the lava cke at the end was a great finish for two
5	My husband and I have come here a few times for dinner and sometimes just for drinks and a desert. When coming for dinner, we always make reservations on open table.com. We get seated within a couple of minutes. The view is absolutely amazing, we try to get there just as the sun is setting and it's beautiful everytime. The service is great, the waiters are knowledgable, friendly and very attentive. When ordering appetizers, you're paying for quality not quantity. They're delicious, but they're small portions, a great starter dish but not enough to share. If you want to start off with something, I highly suggest the compass bisque. It is packed with flavor and the most delicious bisque we've ever had. Another highlight of the Compass is the chili cornbread. I can eat that as a meal by itself, it is so good. It is also served with the honey butter and makes a perfect pair.  My husband typically order the filet mignon and he can't stop talking about how tender and delicious the meat is. He is incredibly picky about meat, but the Compass serves up a high quality peice of meat. I typically get the fish of the day, and as always it's flavorful and very fresh. I like it now how you are able to choose the sides you want. Everything from the mac n' cheese, to the garlic mash is just delicious. When there's still room, you can't leave the Compass without trying one of their desserts. We've tried the strawberry shortcake which was incredibly moist and rich, the creme brulee was to die for, and the southwest tiramisu was heavenly. They have a satisfactory wine list, it provides a variety for both the red and white drinkers. When choosing the Compass, keep in mind both things. You're paying for the quality of food and the amazing view. This is considered by us to be a special occassion kind of place. Don't expect to walk out with a $50 bill. Everything about this place is awesome, whether you're going for dinner or simply drinks and a view.Also, if you're considering drinks and apps, try going during a monsoon, it's unbelievable!!
4	This is a great place for a romantic dinner or to celebrate something special. The views are amazing and the waitstaff is great. The menu changes every few months, which I really like. I would give this place five stars, but I wish they had more vegetarian options.
5	The Compass Grill is a great  way to start off the evening in downtown Phoenix, especially if you've never been to Phoenix (or a revolving restaurant). The panoramic, 360 degree view-in-an-hour is a unique  experience.  As a restaurant, I  felt  the menu was a bit pricey (I call it view tax) and limited so I didnt eat  here (I've been  twice). But as a bar, they had a reasonably priced  wine selection and of course the best  view in town. Great service too.  I give this spinny bar 5 stars.
4	Wow, so surprised by the other reviews. Went last night, finally! One of the best dining experiences of my life. OUTSTANDING SERVICE! Hi Patti.The food was wonderful. Mango, Tomato, Gazpacho, Chicken and Palenta YUMMY!!!!!!! They did say they just changed their menu a few months ago. ( I am still dreaming about those cheesecake Taquitos and dipping sauces.SIGH) I do agree with the other reviews that the place is shockingly expensive.  You need to save up your pennies. The view is heaven! And the turning part.???? Well it revolves. YES it does. It is what the place is famous for. I never got sick from a revolving restaurant before so not sure about the bad review about that feature  but I guess seasick easily people might want to skip it here and heed the other reviewers warnings. No 5 stars though because I can't afford to eat here on a teachers budget. It probably is a once in a lifetime, or very long in between times, experience for me.
3	So my aunt is visiting from small town Ohio and its restaurant week and I wanted to take her somewhere really cool that would knock her socks off. I hadn't been to the Compass Grill since it was the Compass Room like 10 years ago. But its a rotating restaurant and they sure as hell dont have those in Ohio! I made reservations through Opentable and requested a window table for our party of 4, which was honored. When we arrived we valet parked because really where do you park in downtown Phoenix? At that point it sure would have been rad if they would have told us it was going to cost $11 to valet! I have valeted my car at numerous restaurants around the valley and its always been complimentary if you were eating at their establishment....Clearly the Hyatt nor the Compass AZ Grill believe in this. (Minus 1 star right there, its like charging a cover to step foot through the doors) Service was generally pretty slow, and there were hardly any tables there, I am going to say that there were MAYBE 15 other tables. The food was decent but far from mind blowing. It was really pretty average and I am glad we went during restaurant week so we didn't have to pay the higher normal prices, because I would have been pretty upset over the meal. We put our dessert orders in when we placed our whole meal order (You get 3 courses during RW) After our dinner plates were cleared it took over 20-30 minutes to bring out dessert, kinda crazy. BUT they were very tasty, I will give them that. All in all it was an OK experience. I didn't have a terrible time but I will probably never go back either. Its cool to take out of towners to because the place rotates and you can see the whole city (Go just before sunset, its wicked!) Also as you rotate there are little plaques posted telling you about the buildings and scenery.
4	taking the elevator up to the 24th floor of the hyatt regency phoenix to the compass restaurant was pretty amazing in itself! the view was spectacular.the hostess took us to our seat, next to a window. wow!! what a view!! the floor was moving, taking us to see the different sites throughout the city. i thought it was pretty neat that whenever you'd see a plaque on the wall, you could read about what you were looking at and its history. our server, john, was a very nice guy. he explained the menu as well as a special "restaurant week" menu they had.my husband and i ordered from the restaurant week menu. it was a three course meal, appetizer, entree and dessert. i had the grilled romaine salad with blue crab croutons and agave vinaigrette; it was soooooo delicious! who knew that lettuce would be so good grilled?for our entree, we both had the petite new york with grilled shrimp and a garlic mash with peppercorn demi. the steak was cooked to perfection. i wish i could say the same for the shrimp. it was just a little undercooked. for dessert, i ordered the signature compass fudge brownie and caramel flan. it was really, really good!! the husband ordered the sopaipillas with custard. he wasn't a big fan of the crust, but really liked the custard. john, our server, bought us the molten chocolate cake. it was just alight. this restaurant was really nice, and i would recommend it if you're looking for something different and romantic!
3	This is by far the nicest restaurant in downtown Phoenix so if you are planning a special occasion or romantic dinner, it is a great option.  The prices are steep but the food is excellent and the portion sizes are ample.  I did think that the ambiance was a bit stuffy.  I think there are much better places in Scottsdale for a fancy dinner but unfortunately not much else in downtown Phoenix.
2	Let's get the boring bad  stuff out of the way so I can talk about the fun part.over-pricednot deliciousyou have two people waiting on you, but it's always slowbad water- seriously, not even a lemon can mask the disgusting flavor of their waterit's always coldhonestly, if this restaurant wasn't high up and spinning, i would never go here.i took my nieces ice skating at city scape so i figured this would be a fun place to have an over priced dinner since we were right up the street. When in Rome....or something.I ordered some curry chicken thing and my nieces had grilled cheese off the kids menu.  we also ordered a molten cake for dessert but there was no molten? whatever, no need to to hash it because i knew going in the food sorta sucks. Our bill was $70 but we seriously had a blast. The whole dinner was filled with gasps and excitement and sheer thrill about how fun this restaurant was.
4	A wonderful dining experience as you revolve atop the Hyatt Regency Hotel in downtown Phoenix.  This restaurant, with its valet parking, and walking distance to most events makes for the perfect downtown dining experience.Beside that, the food and service as great.  Here's our review, complete with video: http://www.theroamingboomers.com/?p=5211
4	I can't beleive this place doesn't have more reviews.  A group of us had gone for cocktails and wanted to do something a little different, so we decided to go to Compass.  I live in downtown Phoenix and I absolutely love it, but after seeing the gorgeous view from Compass, I love it even more.  The staff is professional and the drinks are very reasonably priced.  I will hope to be able to put 5 stars after I have dinner from here.
4	Menu is well thought out - good variety.  The service was perfect: not hovering, but attentive.  And of course, the whole reason for dining there: the view - incomparable.  I had the lamb.  When it came out I was wondering where the rest of the meal was, but as I ate, I realized the rest was deeper in the dish.  Not a flat plate but more like a large bowl with a super wide rim.  And it was really good (bit on the fatty side if you're watching your cholesterol).  House cab was respectable, too.
3	Restaurant: Went for dinner and the view was great. Saw the sun setting into the downtown skyline was very nice. The restaurant's slow spin was not intrusive at all.Service: Made reservations in advance and was seated immediately. The wait staff was very quick. Food came out timely.Food: Had one of the salads as an appetizer and it was good but not amazing. Same for the rib-eye. Did not really wow me with the flavor. Entrees were a la carte which was expected of these types of restaurants.
4	Every 4th of July you'll find us here, it has become a tradition that we plan to continue for a long time. Watching the fireworks going off all over the city with a glass of wine and a good meal is a pretty wonderful experience.July 4th aside though, the Compass is a bit overpriced, the food is always good, but not quite as amazing as the price would make you think. You're really paying for an incredible (seriously incredible) view and a very romantic atmosphere. The menu changes frequently, so it's hard to make recommendations, but if the lobster bisque is available, get it.With consistently good service, three star food, an incredible wine list and a view that can't be beat, four stars seems totally fair to me. I can't think of a more romantic restaurant in the Valley, and even though it's a little overpriced it's still a place we love to go to make memories.
4	This was a great experience as part of our Spring Training trip to Arizona.We heard about the Super Moon and though there would be no better place to view it than from high above Phoenix.  We were lucky to get a reservation hours before.  The staff at Compass was terrific.  The hostesses at the front were extremely friendly and enjoyed viewing the Super Moon also.We were quickly seated and served a chili corn bread that is fantastic. They do give you the recipe upon request.Our dinner,, we both had steak, was very good, but also very pricey.  Yes you do pay for the view.  I must say this was a great experience.  This is a great restaurants for special occasions.
5	We went here for drinks and appetizers.  Great view, the spinning floors took a bit to get use to.  Overall a great experience.
3	We went here for their Easter brunch and enjoyed our meal, the view at this place is awesome and the staff are up to par for a hyatt. Wish I can say it's anything more, but the service and cost for the complimentary champagne  Is A-Okay
4	The view from the Compass is unbeatable in Phoenix!  I hosted a kickoff cocktail reception for my group meeting a few weeks ago and we had a great time!  The service was impeccable and the drinks were great!
3	3/5 spinsthe spot is okay. the promotional best drink ever is something you can pass on..the salt ends up in the drink and it's just seawater from there.do get the brownie-brule dessert. it had a great tap, nice custard, and well the brownie goodness at the bottom. others at the table were sippin on disaronno, overall classy night. oh and in case you are looking to score over a bet, it takes about 55-60 minutes for a full room rotation, and i guesstimate around 60 window panels.
5	Great atmosphere! Pricey, but you should go at least once, at night. The moving dining room is cool. The food was great. Large dishes, small portions, as to be expected. This upcoming visit I'll be using a groupon. :)
4	My husband took me to Compass in '09 for my birthday. It was a wonderful surprise because he had been telling me about this resturant since we moved to Arizona. The only bad part of the experience that I had was the elevator. The way you get quickly taken to the top and quickly dropped to the bottom floor of the hotel caused my ears to pop on both our arrival and our depature from the resturant but other then that the food was great and we enjoyed the view of Arizona. We also had a very friendly waiter who made the experience wonderful too. If your looking for something romantic and don't mind heights this is a great date night activity.
2	We went to Compass for my birthday dinner last night and will not be returning again.  My fiance told me after our disappointing dinner that he had called earlier in the day to confirm our reservation and notified them that it was my birthday.  He was told that they would greet me with a "Happy Birthday" at the door and then they would bring out a banner and candles with dessert. He told them that would be great because he knows I love surprises...We showed up and gave the hostess the name on the reservation, but there was no birthday greeting.  That was fine with me because I wasn't expecting it.  Then, when we got to the table the hostess asked if we were celebrating anything, and we told her it was my birthday.  The waiter came by a moment later and also asked if we were celebrating anything, and once again we told him it was my birthday. Despite having asked about it, neither really acknowledged it.  It was like they were just reading from their script, but not listening to the answers. The service was awkward from the very beginning - the waiter stood there waiting for our drink orders while we clearly were not ready (we were both trying to look at one wine list and passing it back and forth across the table), and then finally asked if we needed another moment.  We ended up ordering cocktails, and my pomegranate margarita was not good - it tasted heavily of sour mix.  I drank less than a third of it and decided it wasn't worth the calories. I ordered the scallops for dinner and my fiance ordered the salmon.  Both were decent but unremarkable. The service remained awkward throughout dinner.  We were pretty full when it came time for dessert, so we decided to split the goat cheese cheesecake.  Once again, decent but unremarkable.  The disappointing part was that they didn't even put a candle in the dessert or decorate the plate or anything - so much for birthday pictures. And I didn't know to expect the banner, but my fiance was disappointed that they had told him about it but didn't follow through - he was really looking forward to surprising me. This brings me to the worst part.  We spent over $100 on dinner - we had ordered salads, entrees, dessert, and drinks - and not only did they not really acknowledge that we were celebrating my birthday, they didn't even comp my dessert! This is the first restaurant I've ever been to that didn't do SOMETHING to acknowledge a birthday - whether it be a candle, special plate decoration, or at least free dessert.   Bottom line - the view was pretty, the food was mediocre, and the service was terrible.  So disappointing!
4	I have been taking people here for 25 years. From celebrating a special occasion to taking my sons teachers there to wish them well on their retirement to taking our out of town visitors out for a Sunday brunch they will never forget- this is the place. You can't beat the view day or night.
3	This is a great place for a special event.  The lunch serving blew away in the mortgage storm.  Diners are served an after-dark slow 360 degree spin 20 stories above glittering Phoenix seated at flame-lit fabric-clothed tables.  The many-coursed menu, served over at least a 90 minute period, offers a chance for some to sample not-usual fare.  A guy like me can score a few points with a trip to the Compass Grill.  Sometimes those are "good memory points," the positive effect lasting many years.  Maybe the server had an off night.  Perhaps the wine breathed too long, or not enough.    Maybe the sous chef was new.  All those minutia go away when your sweetie and you remember that exquisite night at The Compass.  A night of deep limpid looks, a light touching of hands, maybe a love-sweet kiss on the way down to the car.  Or maybe it was a great business meeting and you finally got the deal cut.  29,000 children have died in the horn of Africa so far this year.  Ragged Curtis sweeps Phoenix alleys clean driven by the voices in his head, clothing  worn nearly to threads, a new layer of duct tape on his taped-together tennies every few days.  You and I are blessed to consider whether or not we should bestow our presence and spend our hard-earned money at the Compass Grill.  Lets make the best of it my sisters and brothers.
2	Had a dinner reservation to see the sunset at 7pm. Arrived at 6:45 to wait until 7:40 for a table. Many other parties crowding the waiting area for the same reason. No communication from managers nor hostess (whom was very overwhelmed and doing her best). When finally seated after sunset, must have seen 25 open tables. Very frustrating! Only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 is due to our server. She was very professional, conversational, and accommodating.  I hadn't been to the compass room in nearly 12 years, and I wont be heading back anytime soon.
5	I'm modifying my original 2-star review because I just went back to the Compass and had what my wife and I consider to be the meal of our lifetime. I'm not kidding . . . it was as good as good gets. It makes me think that my original experience, where we were very disappointed by a 45 minute wait past our reservation hour, must have been a fluke. As long as you remember to use the Regency Garage and not the hotel valet, you'll have a great night. They will validate you for two hours at the Garage, but at the valet in front they will only give you a $2 discount.My wife and I both ordered the "Filet Oscar," which was the best piece of meat we've ever had in any restaurant. It was cooked to perfection, with a generous helping of crab meat on top of the steak. The large, generous portion of asparagus the steak was served atop (nearly 1/2 inch thick stalks) was steamed just right. The side dishes are a value at $5 and were healthy portions. My wife loved the corn bread, which is a special recipe, and the waitress (a very special gal named Patty) came back to us with a copy of the recipe.The wine selection by the glass is excellent and Patty recommended a wonderful Argentinian malbec that was just great with the steak. Wines by the glass here are available in two sizes -- they are expensive, but it looks like they are upgraded bottles than most restaurants serve by the glass.The food is pricey here also but you'd expect to be paying for the view. Speaking of the view, WOW. There's Phoenix laid out in front of you for your inspection, making for wonderful dinner table conversation. it would be a great place for couples and special evenings, or because of the view, a great place to bring a business acquaintance where you want to impress them with some wonderful views of the Valley of the Sun.The ride up the elevator is great, too. As I said in the beginning, however, don't use the valet unless you want to fork over some serious change to park. The Compass needs to work out a deal with valet parking in my opinion -- that's the only hitch. I hope your night is as special as ours was.
4	Brought my wife here for her birthday dinner on a Sunday evening.THE FOODOur started was Bison Crudo, rather nice, certainly met my expectations. For the main course, I had a pork chop which was a bit dry but otherwise nicely done. I wouldn't refuse it if asked again. To top off the evening, I a Peach Upside Down Cake which was considerably larger than I expected and quite tasty.SETTING24th floor rotating restaurant in an area with barely any high rises... so yes, awesome. You get to see the valley in a way you can't see it anywhere else.The sitting is nicely done in several separate compartments making it feel cozier. The rotational mechanism is a bit on the loud side, but not offensive.SERVICEPleasant, quick and unobtrusive.OTHERParking for a car higher than 6'5" can be an issue in the parking structure near by, so if you have a tall truck, you'll have to find something on the street.
3	If you go, try their reverse happy hour!It is a bargain that they charge only $5 for well drink and dessert at the rotating restaurant on the 24th floor. Although the Phoenix skyline isn't all that exciting, the restaurant still offers a nice view of the city.If you are a tea drinker, the Compass offers Numi tea (my favourite) as well as Tazo. The peach upside down cake was generously portioned, but every component (cake/ice cream/tres leches sauce) on the plate was too sweet skyrocketing my blood sugar. I would have liked more peach slices on the cake...Our server made a mistake of overcharging me (looking at the receipt, I noticed just right now...), but he was friendly and courteous. Next time, I'll double-check the bill before I sign and I should order a bread pudding or cheesecake!
1	This was one of the worst dining experiences I have had in Phoenix so far. Let me break down:The service was terrible. The ingredients in the salad weren't fully explained and when it came out I realized I hate multiple items on it.. I tried to find the server, but she never came back. My date had to awkwardly half eat, half wait for me. By the time she came back - she just wanted to clear the plates. She did bring out a different salad - but I was charged for both.Our entrees were mediocre at best. Steaks that were over-cooked and under marinated. We were given a birthday dessert that was nicely decorated, but then we were charged for that as well. This isn't actually a big deal, but I've never had to pay for celebration dessert at any restaurant before. The Olive Garden gives you a free cake for crying out loud.That being said, the place has a cool concept. The spinning room in downtown is really cool. If you really must check it out - just grab a drink. The food is expensive, terrible, and will be served to you in an un-timely and unfriendly manner.
4	Took the family here for Thanksgiving.What the food lacks, the location and view make up for.  The food and thanksgiving buffet were good, not stunning, but, good.    I feel the price was a bit high, but, overall acceptable.Now would I choose this restaurant to go for the food, no.  But, to take someone and showcase the city, have a great social time... absolutely.
3	Had the lamb. Very fatty. Slow service. Great view
4	Had a lovely anniversary dinner here in September in spite of Restaurant Week.  I say "in spite of" because I'm not really a fan of that week.  My few experiences have been at overcrowded restaurants with mediocre service at best.  But we bit the bullet and made a reservation anyway.First off, let me highly recommend you try to secure a reservation on an evening when a dust storm is blowing in.  Assuming it clears out, all the residual filth in the air will make for a gorgeous sunset.  And like it or not, you're going to pay for that view.  Luckily, I liked it.I started with a wine trio.  Honestly, I don't remember which one, but anytime someone puts three glasses of wine in front of me at the same time, we're off to a good start.  Then on to the Southwest Caesar.  I love a good Caesar, but the twist with the ancho caesar dressing and shaved manchego was a nice change.  For my entree, a scallop dish with a chipotle sauce.  I forget the name of the sauce, but it's a very sweet sauce, almost syrup-like.  Unfortunately, the chipotle did not come through to balance the sweetness, but the scallops were cooked perfectly.   I finished with my own dessert (I don't share on special occasions), the peach upside down cake.  I LOVE upside down cake, but this one did not live up to my expectations.  The components were all there, but there was no caramelization to the peaches.  And without the golden brown, crusty, sugary top, what's the point of the upside down? So food was closer to 3.5 stars, but with the great view and fantastic service, a much deserved bump to 4 stars.
4	Just went for an early Valentines dinner, the place is amazing! The service was great, we had two servers so every request was met. The food is really good, but it's the only reason I didn't give 5 stars. The food is a bit pricy, but you're paying for the experience. The wine list is great, and reasonably priced. The best part, by far is being able to see the birds eye view of Phoenix, Awesome!
4	We brought our out of town parents there for their 25th anniversary, the views were amazing, our service superb. Food was very yummy, only draw back was my husbands steak was a bit cold. Will definitely dine there again.
5	Everything we had was fantastic and the view was phenomenal.
4	Awesome view and great wine list. I had the duck and wasn't blown away but my wife's steak was very good. Overall I recommend the restaurant. After eating we took the bike cabs for a ride around town.
5	This is THE best place for late night dessert in Phoenix. $7 desserts with one featured every night for $5. Desserts are plated so each one comes with little extras. They are open till 11pm seven nights a week. Couple that with the view and it is a great time. The variety of the menu items is also great: bread pudding, chocolate cake, tiramisu, pineapple upside down cake and creme brulee. I want and will try them all!!! Service is a little slow, but when you are up there, who cares. More time to look at the changing view.
2	Rotating resturants always pull me in and I hope that the food will be spectular and amazing. But it's not. I need to accept the only reason to go to a rotating resturant is for the mere fact that the place is rotating and there is a view of the skyline of whatever xyz city I am in.I came here late night only to get a glass of wine and dessert. The wine list was actually quite decent, but the basic house wines were just-ok California large labels =(  And the dessert wasn't good. They used dried raspberries... Bleh, and during berry season. No excuse for that... even if it was the '$7 special'.The view is great, but for wine and dessert, even in comparison to other rotating resturants, they could do much, much better.
3	Scenary was breath taking but I expected more from the food especially for the price.... Very limited selection from the menu as well....
3	Spinning and eating are not normally things I do together... Nor do I ever want to do it again. The only time I spin is after a heavy night of drinking ... And we all know how fun that is.So the shtick of this place is this: it's a restaurant on a relatively tall building in downtown Phoenix that spins, thus giving you a 360 degree view of the area around the hotel. But it spins just a tad too fast. You can hear and feel the gears of the place going, oftentimes creaking in certain areas. The central wall is painted one boring color of baby-crap brown and there's nothing on it but a hand rail (really?!) that looks like a relic from the 70s.And it was freezing! Uncomfortable so. The food was good. I had the salmon entree and it was delicious. Wonderfully cooked and a large portion. The appetizer was a pain in the ass. It was a pizza with cheese and mushrooms and truffle and so tasty, but the crust was too flimsy to hold the toppings, but cutting it was awkward and the share plates were too small. And there ain't no way I'm dropping oily mushrooms on this dress I'm wearing. I gave it up after the first slice. Overall, a weird experience. The place was practically empty on a Friday night and because the room is curved you can hear mystery voices of people you can't see... Can they hear me?!Even though I liked the dinner... I won't be back. Spinning around twice was enough for me.FYI- one rotation is almost exactly an hour long. And Arizona is damn boring more than once.
3	This is a one time kind of place.  It's a rotating restaurant at the top of the Hyatt in downtown Phoenix.  I've seen better views but its still kind of nice.  I liked that it has little signs on the wall with facts on them that you can read as you spin around.  It doesn't spin real fast but I get sick easily.  I did feel a little nauseous at times.  It takes an hour to do one full rotation.  My husband and I came here for our 1 year anniversary.  It was a Monday night and the place was packed and very loud.  The design of the restaurant enhances noise and makes it even louder.  My husband and I could barely hear each other and our waitress had trouble hearing us too.  She was very friendly though.  The restaurant had done one complete rotation (1hr) before our food came out.  I had the chicken cooked two ways.  It was ok, but it was not worth the $30.  Every entree is $30+. Drink prices are outrages.  My husband had a simple drink (don't remember the name) and it was $13. The Compass will validate your parking but it was unclear where we were supposed to park and we ended up parking in the wrong place and had to pay $7.
5	Let me first start off by saying that this is an upscale restaurant, located in the heart of downtown Phoenix, inside a major hotel and . . .  are you ready for it??? . . .  it spins so that as you dine you get to enjoy a 360*, panoramic, constant changing view of Phoenix.  That alone should scream PRICEY!!  For anyone who has ever dined at a formal, upscale dining establishment such as this, you know that the price is high while the portions are small.  However, the food is worth it.  This is true of The Compass Arizona Grill.  My husband had the filet, while I enjoyed the seared scallops.  The filet was done med. rare, flavorful and melted in your mouth.  The scallops were tender and succulent with just the right amount of butter.  At the end of our meal we decided to share a dessert (the Chocolate Pot . . .) which was just the right amount of sweetness and rich decadence we were looking for.  Over all the ambiance and the food made this one of the nicest dining experiences.  If you can afford it and understand that pricey doesn't always mean a large portion but does mean excellent food, then I highly recommend The Compass Arizona Grill.
2	Our office (18 people) went for our Christmas dinner.  The service was great....which we found out was because they thought we had to "get out fast to go see the Nutcracker".  We never mentioned anything about the Nutcracker, but it got us good service.  We had to order more than a week in advance.  They put us at 2 tables back to back so we couldn't socialize.  There was a little sunken area next to us that was never used the entire time we were there.  They said it couldn't hold all of us but I call bull.  They could've rearranged the tables to make it work.  It was very loud and very pricey. The drinks especially, were really expensive.  My husband liked the lamb, but my salmon was overcooked and the sides were bizzare. We all agreed that it was not worth the price and we won't be back.
5	Excellent food and ambiance. The best chicken I have ever had.
2	Went to the Compass Room for a Holiday dinner.  We don't mind paying more for outstanding food and service, but I felt  this restaurant delivered neither.  With the steep prices, it stung a little more that the experience was not excellent.  Service was relatively slow, and the main dishes were mediocre.  True, the view is spectacular, and the drinks are very good.  But the food and service were a disappointment.  I think there were not enough servers on staff that night, which could have accounted for the sluggish service, but I expect a restaurant of this caliber to always have adequate staff on hand!  I would not go back for dinner.  Maybe just drinks or dessert, and to enjoy the view,
4	I've wanted to try this place for a while. The ambiance is beautiful. It spins faster than I anticipated. If you're fearful of heights stay away.The food was good. We started with the pear salad. It was delicious, but small. My friend and I were concerned about the sizes of the entrees but we were in for a plesant surprise. I had the scallops and my other had the short rib canilloni. Both dishes were substantial and delicious. We ended with the cobbler and fried zucchini bread. The bread was wonderful. I would go back and recommend it. FYI - don't park in the Chase garage. They don't accept their validation.
4	I made my reservation for 6 pm and was running a little late due to rush hour traffic while picking up my friend I was treating to dinner. I called to let the hostess we were running a little late. We arrived and I valeted my car. Be aware that self parking is validated and valet parking receives a $2 off validation. I deal with parking all the time living and working downtown so I just splurged and went the valet way. Upon arriving up on the 24th floor we were greeted by a friendly hostess along with a new employee being trained. We were promptly seated. Our server's name was Patty. She has worked at Compass for 29 years she said, and it showed in a very positive way. She was very sweet, and knew exactly how to do her job. I love a server who can converse and be down to earth while maintaining a certain level of professionalism. She was awesome. We ordered their very popular Eggplant Bisque Soup. The portion seemed a little small at first but even Patty mentioned that the soup is fairly rich. She was right! The portion was just right for this soup which was delicious but would of been way to filling if the size had been any larger. They gave us little cornbread muffins with a couple of different flavored butters with a side of sea salt. These were yummy, but nothing mind blowing. It brought back memories of the cornbread my parents made when I was a kid. I ordered the scallops which came with a corn risotto. The scallops were huge and very flavorful. The risotto was very good but I have to admit I wasn't a huge fan of the way it looked. That's me being picky though, it was still very good. For desert we decided to have the fried zucchini bread and it was really good. The prices are pretty hefty, the food was good, but really my server Patty and the amazing view of Phoenix while the sun went down is what pulled me in with this place. I would be sure to recommend people to sit with Patty as she really was a pleasure having as our server. I must say too that the girl that refreshed our drinks and water was very sweet too. She talked with us about the Suns game going on the evening we dined, as I saw traffic picking up downtown which doesn't usually happen on a Wednesday evening. Overall I say the food is a tad bit overpriced for the portions that are received, the decor could be changed up a little but it's a rotating restaurant after all. I enjoyed my meal, my friend enjoyed his meal, and I left happy. This would be a great place to take someone who hasn't seen Phoenix before as it makes you feel like you're in a big city and shows how far Phoenix goes with the views. Oh and ask for Patty, she's awesome! It probably would of been a three star review, but service goes a long way with me. I can handle just good food if I have amazing service.
3	The Good:My boyfriend had the scallops and loved them. Although there were only 4 in his entree.  The jalapeno corn bread was delicious.Berry Cobbler = Yummy!Great wine selection. The Bad (and why I won't be back):I had the eggplant and was far from impressed. There were three breaded eggplant patties layered between mozzarella cheese, yellow tomatoes and basil. The first layer was OK but the second two left a lot to be desired. The eggplant was too thick and was very slimy. I couldn't choke it down despite a couple attempts.I was happy I had ordered a side salad and had the bread, if not I would have left starving. Due to the very limited selection of vegetarian dishes I do not foresee coming back. I would never order the eggplant again and polenta dusted tofu doesn't sound appealing. Maybe doing an assortment of sauteed veggies over rice, or a grilled portabella mushroom, or frankly just about anything else that doesn't involve tofu or deep frying the vegetables. Not all vegetarians eat their meals with grease and processed tofu.
2	The restaurant looks fancy. The view was good. But the food was just so so. I had a scallop dish but I think the scallop is too salty and the corn rice with it was too rich and creamy. You can only eat them together. My BF's steak is only OK. The parking cost us 13 dollars for valet. It's not even count for valet cause they just parked the car in front of the hotel on the street. Usually these fancy restaurant should waive the parking fee even for valet. The meal were too rich that I did not want for desert.
3	The food (ribeye) was good, the service was excellent, and the views great. So why 3 stars?  Price. The steak was decent - about the same as an Outback Steakhouse. If you want a great view, then go. If you want good food, there are alternatives and you'll save a lot.
4	The view alone deserves an excellent review. This restaurant is located inside the Hyatt Regency hotel... a circular shaped building that spins (yes, spins) to give you a rotating view of the entire city. It's absolutely beautiful and the ambiance is incredibly romantic. I ordered the Double Cut Lamb Rack and he ordered the Angus Ribeye. The meat was cooked exactly the way we requested... we both prefer medium and the chef figured out the perfect balance of not to bring it out bloody - but not overcooked either. We finished off with the Creme Brulee Cheesecake, some fancy chocolate cake and a red wine our server recommended. I definitely LOVED the dessert more... SO much so that he had to remind me how many hours we would be in the gym tomorrow. Talk about a sugar buzz kill...The wait staff are friendly and consistently check on you. We didn't have to wait for water refills or the bill to come out. I was definitely impressed.It is, however, a pricey restaurant (prepare to spend about $150 for two people) but I think it was well worth it.
3	4/4/13: 5pm Thursday night dinner, made reservations but the restaurant wasn't full. Restaurant rotates once around every hour, a little kitschy at first and queezy for anyone with motion sickness, I liked the overall experience! I ordered a pulled beef short rib cannoli covered with a mushroom cream sauce. A bit salty, I didn't finish all three pieces -sauce is very rich! Beautiful sunset from here!
5	Great place to view Downtown Phoenix. Beautiful sunset. Simple, tasteful menu . Our entrees were cooked perfectly.
5	Third time eating here, and I decided to step out of my meat and veggie comfort zone.  Whoa!  I was blown away by the eggplant bisque.  The taste was amazing, it was thick but too creamy and full of flavor!  I also had the pear salad.  Straight A+!  My wife had the Kobe steak, which had great seasoning but I was unimpressed by the Kobe!  Seems like overpriced skirt steak.  Last the service and hospitality was amazing.  Another positive experience.  Totally recommend going to check this out, but watch out for the parking - it sucks!!!
2	View as everyone suggests is very nice.  I had the greens salad with apple and goat cheese with a honey vinaigrette...very good.  Grouper was "sustainable" meal.  Rubbery texture.  Disappointing. Maybe for dessert or a drink but would not go back for dinner.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to visit the Compass before we popped over to Symphony Hall for the ballet performance. We'd never been to the restaurant before, so we were curious about the food and the 360 degree view. Considering some of the rather negative reviews we read, we didn't know quite what to expect, but were willing to give it a shot.As has been said, the decor is a bit dated, but still clean and neat. Let's face it; the Hyatt Hotel that it's in is also dated...all the way back to what looks like about 1982. It all needs a facelift. We got past all that.We were seated promptly at a nice window table. It IS true to not sit right by the window if you can help it. It sounds like the best seat, but you end up looking over the edge of the building and seeing the grungy rooftops instead of the just the pretty skyline. Sit nearer the inside wall for the nicest view. You will spin all the way around about every half hour and see some pretty neat views. Try to time it for sunset if going in the evening. The light is dramatic!The food offerings were surprisingly creative and varied. I went with the salmon ($30) and my boyfriend went with the grilled scallops ($32) and we split a caesar salad ($10). The salad was so-so. But OMG, the entrees were so amazingly good! Perfectly cooked. I wish I could get my salmon at home to just fall apart so nicely! The scallops were like butter. The service was a bit rushed at first but apparently necessarily so according to the server because the kitchen "gets really backed up at night." We did wait a long time for the food considering that we got there so early (5:30), but it was worth waiting for. Bottom line? Food is great, view is great (remember inside wall), service is good, and the decor is ok. Would we go there again? I'd go just for the salmon and scallops, but for the prices and the over all experience, probably not. Then again, it's pretty hard to find a decent restaurant in the theater area that isn't burgers and grease. Province is the only other good one we've found. If you've never been, Compass is an interesting idea for something different. Can I get my salmon to go, please?
5	Beautiful view great service awesome food what more can I say.
5	My experience at The Compass Room was one I will never forget. My boyfriend surprised me and took me here for our anniversary.  The food was phenomonal, the veiw was spectacular,the staff was polite as could be and our waitress, Jerry was just amazing all around! She even had the chef write "happy anniversary" on our dessert!:)  Again, an experience I will never forget and will always hold dear to my heart.
4	just went there with my wife for our 2nd wedding anniversary. got a window seat. we had a great time,great views, great food too. (a little small on the portions) for the price you pay. but it was a very romantic dinner and the service was great too
4	I can't usually afford to eat at fancy places like this, but my boyfriend was celebrating a milestone birthday and I wanted to treat him. We had been wanting to come here for a long time, mostly because we love the Simpsons and Springfield has a rotating restaurant. "Food tastes better when it's revolving," as Seymour Skinner once said. Plus, when we first started dating, we went on a walk around the city that ended up with us taking the elevator to the Compass and the staff kindly let us admire the view even though we weren't paying customers.Anyway, being treated kindly by the staff and the novelty of it made it an obvious choice for a special dinner. And we weren't disappointed! Another thing, we are vegetarians and my man is lactose intolerant, and they definitely went out of their way to accommodate our dietary needs. They gave him special dairy-free bread, specially prepared his entree without cheese, and even treated us to free lemon sorbet after the meal as there wasn't anything without dairy on the regular menu! They did a great job of making us feel at home.While we don't usually pay $25 for an entree, this was definitely worth it as an indulgence and we would love to come back for other special occasions.The only thing stopping me from giving it 5 stars is that the decor could stand to be updated, and (this is not the restaurant's fault in the slightest) Phoenix's skyline is 3 stars at best, even at sunset. Be prepared to see a lot of dirty rooftops and air conditioners. It's still fun though.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing. The views are one of a kind, the food is delicious and the service is exceptional. Your wallet will feel it later, but it's worth it!
2	I haven't written a review before, so I'm not sure how to organize this. Let's go with the traditional:Pros:- The view. You will probably do just more than a full rotation during one dinner.- The servers were kind and attentive.Cons:- Overpriced.- Food was brought out very slowly.- If you don't want steak, there isn't much variety on the menu.- The food was poor (and in my case, severely undercooked). The location is great, but as soon as I saw the prices, I was ready for them to be justified. To say that the prices were NOT justified is to put it mildly. The food consisted of pretentious ideas or simple cuts of meat that were executed at or below an Applebee's level. I had the salmon, and there was absolutely nothing notable about the dish or plating except for an unnecessarily huge glob of butter sitting on the fish, which turned out to be almost completely uncooked. It was uncooked fish, some butter, and some average-tasting pilaf. Comments around the table made it apparent that the other dishes were of similar quality.Overall: there isn't much of a point to this place. The view is the view, if that's your thing, then wander up and buy a drink, I guess. Do not eat here, it is an egregious, almost inexcusable waste of money. I would have been kinder if the prices did not imply that we should expect utter brilliance.
4	Fan of the views and having a drink here with the hubby.  Not a huge fan of the food.  It is nice to sit and enjoy an overpriced cocktail though because seeing all of Phoenix twinkling at night is lovely.
5	The view is absolutely amazing, get there at sunset it is breathtaking. The eggplant bisque was beyond delicious and they even gave me the recipe. The seared scallops with squash succotash and peas was to die for. It was definitely a return venue for me.
3	I'm hesitant to even give 3 stars. The view and concept are spectacular! It takes an hour for the restaurant to rotate completely. Don't worry! You'll see the whole thing! We still hadn't received our entrees within the first rotation....Our service was so so. Our servers "assistant" Angela was at our table more the our server and she was great! Both my bf and myself ordered the 7oz filets. Very disappointed! We ordered them medium rare and they came out med well. While the steak was still decent, it was a little dry and when you pay $40.00 for a filet you should get it cooked exactly how you ordered it. Cocktails on the other hand were great!Not sure I'd go back for the food, but may stop in for a cocktail with a view!
2	Here's the deal.  You want to take your in-town guests to a place with the ABSOLUTE best views in town?  Then this is the place.  If you want to take them to the place with the best food in town, this is NOT the place.  In fact, I think for the price, if you get the steaks, and even the salad, i think you will be a little disappointed, especially with the prices they charge.And whatever you do, when they offer you the choice (which I often find to be a tacky maneuver) "do you want tap water or bottled water" makes sure you do the BOTTLED water.  The tap water tasted, well, like tap.  At any rate, because this is the best and most amazing view in town, i will be going back for the rotating 360 views.  I will also ask to sit in the "party section" (which is tables that look more fun than the other dining tables they have, and I am going to find SOMETHING on that menu that actually tastes good.I agree with some other posts I have seen, you cannot go wrong with the CORNBREAD, but I need to find something else that's good (man cannot live on cornbread and butter alone).Blue cheese salad was disappointing; mac and cheese so-so, fried asparagus so-so, pig tacos were not bad, and the tamale dish was so-so (yes, we sampled as this was our first time).  Honestly, they need to find a new meat vendor.  Just not very tasty (even for street tacos the next morning).Anyway, I love the concept so i will go back and try again.  Will report back after next time in.  ATTORNEY STEVE TIP:  To have a fun time with your business guests, friends, out of state guests, etc., do a play at the Herberger Theater and then walk across the street to this place.  Can't beat it.Have fun, and find your sizzle!Attorney Steve, the business and real estate lawyer.http://www.attorneysteve.net
5	I took my wife there for her birthday. The service was great and the food we ordered was delicious.  We also loved the wide variety of wine selection. She absolutely loved it and we will be coming back for sure.
2	The food is mediocre and is overpriced. They give out very small portions and the wait was very long. The fish is very dry and tasteless. The steaks had no flavor. The only reason to come here is the view, the food needs some improvement.
3	Come for the view, not the food. I mean, the food is not terrible. It is just not $100 a person. The decor can use some updating, it is terrible. The service is good. It is a nice one time stop.
5	I keep reading to go for the view and not the food. I am particular about food and I loved my meal! I ordered the sea bass ad it was a huge and super fresh portion! I will admit the pesto rice was not super flavorful but I still wouldn't turn it down. They came out with gluten free bread slices for me when they noticed I was not eating the bread.  Y husband got the steak and loved it! Of course the view is fantastic. The ambiance was very romantic with the dim lighting at night. Service was great too. I will certainly be back
4	Great View! Went here for dessert  had several different things but the best was the strawberry short cake. This made it worth it all!  Didn't have dinner here so i gave it a 4 until next time.
3	good seats. plenty tv. not many healthy food options but salads. Staff cool.  was packed 6-8pm then died hard
3	I am giving this restaurant the 3 stars mostly for the experience and the service. The food is good, but unless you are a big steak eater, the options are very limited. My daughter and I went there while staying at the Hyatt and being vegetarians, are options were extremely limited...and by that I mean we literally ate lettuce! Yes the grilled romaine was tasty, but hardly a meal. My daughter had a side of the risotto and  quite liked that. I would love to see places like this offer some great vegetarian options on par with their meat menu. It really is disappointing. Bottom line; if you are staying at the Hyatt, order room service, which is great, and then go up to the Compass for drinks and the experience.
3	Honestly? Service was crap. Food was okay though we only had desserts. Drinks were a bit pricy for the quality but also good. They said they'd call our room when our table was ready and didn't. Then made excuses. Then gave us the slowest service ever. But yes, the view was great.
2	2 stars and that's only for the view. Maybe go here for a drink only to enjoy the view.  The food was really not good and very overpriced .... The bacon wrapped pear appetizer tasted old and freezer burned. The Chilean sea bass wasn't bad honestly   The wine list leaves a lot to be desired. The service was very good I must say and again the view was great but won't be returning.
1	We really wanted to like the Compass because of the great views, but cannot recommend it for a couple reasons. First, even though they had tables, they made us wait for our reservation time in the bar downstairs. It is a dumpy sportsbar with a surly bartender and we felt completely out of placed all dressed up for a nice dinner. When we finally got a table (and by then there were dozens available), the service and view was outstanding, but the food is poor quality. Creative ideas for sure, but gristly duck and too salty even though we asked for no salt. The wine list is limited and forgettable. If you really have to have the view, go at sunset for a couple appetizers and go somewhere else for dinner. Finally, at the end of the night, even thought we spent over $200 (including $15 / each for drinks), they charged us another $12 for parking. $2 discount with validation, that is incredibly insulting on their part.
4	I was there for a private event, so this review may or may not be representative of non-private events, food, etc.The view is definitely impressive. Many cities have a revolving restaurant/bar like this, and the reason is simple: They are unique and offer views that non-revolving restaurants don't and can't.I would love to give this place five stars except:1) It's not as tall as many other revolving restaurants. If I recall, it's only around 25 floors high.2) The food was kind of meh, but it could be what our event planner ordered.
1	Days latter and I am still feeling frustrated about our experience.  I was part of a large group celebrating my friends bridal party.  The maid of honor worked so hard on planning and putting together an amazing night, and I hated seeing her taken advantage of, this place is terrible.  They originally told her $35 per person, app entree and dessert, then they told her $45, then they removed dessert.  Poor girl had to keep updating us that we were paying more and getting less, lots of pressure on her.  Then we get there, the service was inattentive, and unenthusiastic.  The meal consisted of less than one cup of greens, a small wedge of cheese, a bad dressing and two grape tomatoes as the salad and only option for an appetizer.  The pork option I chose was the worst pork chop I have ever had, as tough as possible and bland.  The mashed potatoes were dry, but flavored well, the only thing on the plate that was, the vegetable was three sprigs of asparagus and the sauce was way too sweet.  The portion was tiny.  The gratuity was added, as it should be for such a large party, making the bill $58 for a tiny amount of crappy food.  I love fine dining, I understand small portions are the usual, but they are made to perfection and satisfy through quality.  Not here.The thing that has nothing to do with me, but still makes me so angry is our reservation was set for a certain number of girls, and some were unable to make it and didn't tell the maid of honor until hours before our reservation, the restaurant still charged her for two of the three plates for people who were not even there.  They sent it with her in a doggy bag, so she got food for the charge, but 14 girls were there, 14 $58 paying people, they profited HUGELY from our group, those two bills did not need to be charged.
4	I have always enjoyed this restaurant since coming here as a child. Occasionally they will do a champaign Sunday brunch, that is definitely the way to go.
1	Avoid!  This place has lost its verve.  It still has a great view!  However,  the service is sluggish.  The scallops and panchetta sounded good to me.  Big mistake!  Sauce was butter plus mccormick scallop seasoning.  Scallops were not fresh, although i did eat later in the evening.  Basically a big AVOID!
2	Very disappointing meal. Steak was overcooked and dry. Mac and cheese was bland.  Service was slow. Seems to me they are charging for the view, and the quality of the food is secondary.
3	The views are certainly worth the trip, but I'm not sure the prices are warranted. The corn bread was delicious as was the appetizer, one of the flatbreads. I had the eggplant cannelloni for my entree. It was good, but actually was filled with too much goat cheese. I might come again for dessert, but I likely wouldn't spend the money for the full meal.
2	Decided to go here for our 5th anniversary as I had always wanted to try this place and I decided this was a good opportunity. This restuarant touts itself as an upscale dining experience and the prices definitly reflect that. I immediatly noticed how dead it was on a Friday night at 7pm and that the decor was early 80's and a bit run down., it needs a major facelift., there was no line and the we were immediatly seated which was  good.  For our starter we were served 2 pieces of corn bread...it was good don't get me wrong but corn bread for starter at a restuarant that serves $45 dollar plates of food? We each ordered an entree and salad and a glass of wine.  When the salad came it was tiny as in literally a couple pieces of lettuce with some dressing on it. I was a bit disappointed for the price what I got  but I held on. My wife ordered the salmon and I ordered the pan seared chicken stated came with green beans, tomatoes and potatoes.  The chicken was cooked pretty good, but the Dijon mustard sauce was wayyyyy too mustardy and the chicken was tiny. The " potatoes and green beans" were about 4 green beans and about the same on slices of potatoes. For 30 bucks I woulda figured at least 5 of each. My wif'es salmon, a $35 dollar plate consisted of a small helping of rice pilaf and a very small filet.  She did say it was cooked well, but wasn't worth the price and the it was a bit run down and needed a facelift. My wife and are are not large people either and we ended up stopping on the way home for food after spending 150 on dinner, should have never happened. The food was ok, but not great. Go for the experience if u want, but eat first.
1	The only thing this place has going for it is the view-which is great. However, food is subpar. Wine glasses are more expensive than Donovan's or Flemings. Service was S-L-O-W on all accounts.
5	Romantic!!!!Fabulous service!Great cocktails!Dreamy Ambiance! Awesome food!
2	The view is decent, but I would say the food is subpar....I've had better at restaurants in Scottsdale. Went on a date night with my girlfriend to celebrate our anniversary and as a foodie the food was not as good as I thought it would be. Appetizer - veggie caprese was "meh" didn't feel like it excited my taste buds in the right way. I also ordered a beef stroganoff and although they said it was supposed to be "hand made" pasta, the texture of it felt weird because it was somewhat dried/fried on the outside and dough-y on the inside. Service was good though as the manager there offered to take off the beef stroganoff because it wasn't good. We went to another restaurant after spending a short time there.
3	Great Views and good service. The food is nothing special but that's not why you come here. We had the sausage flat bread for an appetizer which was probably the best part of our meal. We had a pear salad after that which was just OK and it was super tiny!  The steak was good but not great. Like a Black Angus quality.  Dessert was the worst part of the meal.  Don't get the cheesecake!  It was not good at all and really tiny. They also charged us 7.50 to split our meal. Which we share a meal at every restaurant we eat at and no one ever charges us ( even at fancier restaurants with better food).So really if you're going here get the flat bread and a drink and enjoy the view. I would skip dinner.
3	My wife, and I have been dining here for many years now. Whether it has been for Brunch or Dinner, the food and service has varied in quality and consistency over that time.However, as of late, it has definitely improved and has stayed fairly consistent. The wait staff still needs to work on the etiquette and promptness, but otherwise, it is a great venue if not simply for the view and ambiance.Nothing captures the Phoenix skyline like this place. Whether it is late sunset during summer months, or early evenings during the winter months, it is still quite captivating; especially, as part of the dining experience.The view is nowhere near the beauty of the San Francisco Skyline and the San Francisco Bay as can be viewed from the Hyatt Equinox in San Francisco - although it has since been closed (sigh!).However, we make do with what we can over here in the Valley of the Sun.I would certainly recommend this place as a good dining experience for whatever occasion you may have.
3	We had received a gift card, so we decided to get appetizers and drinks before hitting a movie. It was really neat and we quite enjoyed ourselves.  We only had to wait about five minutes for a table and we got to enjoy the view as we waited. It is on the 24th floor of the Hyatt and rotates slowly, giving you an excellent view of the entire Phoenix metropolitan area. Their prices were not as bad as we were expecting, it averaged what any other bar is in the downtown area. Their Prickly Pear Margarita was quite delicious. Their calamari was not very flavorful, and I was not a big fan of the cheescake, but for cocktails, this is a great spot!
4	Service is great, especially Jerry, she is fantastic and we have ended up with her each time.This place is great, you just pay more for the view, then you do the food.  I have never seen the place super busy, except for holidays like the 4th or valentines.  The food is good, but a bit overpriced for the quality.  The filet mignon is good, but not fantastic.  It is tender though. Like I said, you pay more for the view.  The Pork Tenderloin was amazing last night, the sauce and everything was super good, but the apple cabbage salad was awful.  Substitute it.  It is so peppered and there is hardly any apple.  I expected Sweet and started coughing and needed water.  I scrapped it off and just enjoyed the Brie Polenta and Meat.  We also got the truffle Mac n Cheese and that was fabulous too.Small fancy portions, good presentation.  Its just your typical fancy food, meat and potatoes place with a great view.  It can get a little warm with the glass and the sun hitting you just right.  It takes a full 45 minutes to go all the way around.  The service was great, the food was good, the wait for the food was a bit too long.  I think they assume from the view that you don't mind.  But it did take way too long for 3 medium rare meats.The lobster chowder is fantastic.
3	This revolving 360 degree restaurant is located on the 24th flr. of the Hyatt Regency Hotel.  We went for reverse happy hour and had the chocolate four-less cake with cocktails. If you like fudge, order the flour-less cake. Be warned, it is small. The restaurant has a romantic feel with a beautiful view.  For a Tuesday night, service was very slow. The name doesn't fit the restaurant...they might wan to consider renaming it.
3	the service was superb and the view is amazing but the food is very forgettable. I had the duck tostada, very salty, not much other flavor, waaay too big duck pieces,the meat-tortilla ratio was very off, there was hardly any avocado and salsa. not recommended. i also had the pork chops with brie polenta. once again, the pork was salty and no other flavors whatsoever, the brie polenta lacked the brie and the apple coleslaw hardly had any apples in it. the maple bbq sauce wasn't very special and the food is quite a bit overpriced. they have an impressive wine list, though. for this reason, plus service and the view the 3 star rating. go there for a glass of wine and an appetizer and enjoy the view.
2	I've been here before for drinks but my boyfriend I decided to go there for dinner to celebrate our birthdays.  And I have to say, I would go back for drinks and the ambiance but definitely not to eat ever again.  I do not mind paying higher prices for special occasion dinners, but the food there is not worth HALF of what we paid.  We ordered the shrimp ceviche, the tortilla chips were stale and the shrimp tasted like it was frozen.  Our seafood entrees were also just ok, not worth $38 a plate.  Our server Julian and server assistant Gina (I think that was her name) were so unwelcoming and not what I would expect at a place like that.  They didn't smile and were not personable at all.  The receptionist asked us when we arrived if we were celebrating anything special and we told them both of our birthdays, and honestly I was expecting MAYBE a slice of cake, but nothing ever came.  Oh well :(
4	I would only go here once, for the view. The food is top quality and you can tell it's got all the same aspects as all other "fine dining" restaurants, but the food isn't really anything too special. At least not for the price. The view is spectacular, and so is the ambience. It's very romantic, especially at night. Plan to stay a while and linger over dessert (which isn't very good... I felt like it was frozen and defrosted), because you're never going to get that view again! Unless you plan on paying 50+ bucks a person again.
2	Very disappointing overall.  It's a revolving restaurant so that's the most unique thing you will see in this place.  The service was decent but not for the price.  The price of every menu item was what killed it.  I was expecting  higher prices as I saw the menu ahead of time so I knew what to expect.  But with higher prices such as these I, as did my firends, expected higher quality in every feature of the establishment.  the quality lacked in almost every direction.  the food was NOT high quality at all.  granted we didnt eat everything on the menu, but the meals we were served were no better than Wal-Mart brand.  my starter was a cesar salad.  it's hard to mess this up and the salad itself was fine, but the price was just too much.  for $0.50 worth of food, they charged $8.  minimal presentation as the contents were rolled into a cute spherical shape and placed in a fancy plate.  the plate was nicer than the food.  but in terms of  cesar salad, i've had much better at much more reasonable prices. I ordered the Salmon meal.  This is the first time in my life the salmon was undercooked.   It was still edible, just surprising that is was more chewey than usual and thus it didn't separate as easily.  I've tasted far better quality fish from Costco compared to this rather small chunk of salmon.  Stacked atop mashed potatoes and green beans, this very small dish did not measure up to the $28.  I valued it at more of $20 max, and that's including the view.  That was just me.  Other folks ordered the $38 meals and not one person was telling me it was worth the extra $$. Desert arrived as we ordered the banana split.  Sadly disappointing as well.  The BS at Denny's ranks far higher in presentation, and the ice cream used in the 3 scoops was very clearly the cheapy brand that comes in those huge 3 gallon tubs.  You can see and taste the low quality ice cream they sold to us for $8.  Overall, the plates were the fanciest thing about this place.  I was tempted to take one home because at least then I would have gotten something closer to the price I paid including a non-optional tip (party more than 6 people). At first I thought the place was more upscale and "classy" as my friends had informed me earlier.  But after I sat down and started looking around, I noticed that the dress code was not being enforced.  There were more than a few people wearing jeans and I saw at least one person wearing a sports jersey.  That made me wonder why I bothered to dress up for the occasion. also, the quality of the atmosphere was getting stale.  Looking more closely at the furniture and decor, it was clear the establishment had not been renovated or updated in quite some time.  Granted they hide it well, but anyone with attention to detail will not be fooled. Overall, it's just overpriced and you aren't getting anything in return except a rotating view.  the view and meals and service are NOT worth the $$$.  I've been to 3, 4, and 5 star restaurants before and left far more satisfied that the Compass.   I recommend hitting the sunset time to get a good view.  the post-sunset view was just a bunch of city lights which was less desired.  fortunately we were they when the stadium had it's fireworks show so we got a good view of that. ...if you've ever been to a revolving restaurant before...there's really no need to go see this one.
4	Excellent place to hang out and have a classy evening. The food is decent albeit pricey but its wonderful to spin above the city and see all the sights... While sitting in fancy clothes sipping manhattans and Martinis.
3	First things first, bring a flippin jacket!!! It's sooooo cold when the restaurant spins to that one particular spot. The food overall was ok. I mean $7 for a Caesar salad is a bit much especially when it's not that huge of a portion. I got the chicken and it was good. Nothing to write home about. The service was good I just wasn't super super impressed. I'm not sure if it's because I worked out about an hour prior to coming to this place but I was still hungry.  I think for the price you pay you should get a big portion but that's just me.
4	Service by Jerry was awesome. Food was good, but not great on certain dishes. Great ambiance & atmosphere
5	My wife and I enjoy this place..The view is incredible if you are staying downtown to catch a game stay at the Hyatt the restaurant is on top of the building btw it moves 360 so you can see all of Phoenix. I suggest you make a reservation for around 7pm so you can see the sun go down.  The food is good but don't order anything that is seafood it more of a steak restaurant..I did not enjoy any of the seafood..sorry just being honest I am a seafood lover and lived in places that serve fresh seafood but we are talking about AZ no Oceans...lol. However, the steak and desserts are fantastic. BTW for you Military members the hotel offers a Military discount on rooms which are very reasonable prices  since you are staying downtown. BTW lots of things to do downtown games, concerts, clubs, opera, and bars all in walking distance..reminds me of downtown Seattle..a little...
2	Not impressed in the least. The best part of the Caprese flat bread were the tomatoes. Caesar salad dressing was bottled and did not like the cheese choice,  but the crouton was delicious. The filet mignon was well cooked, but flavorless, mashed potatoes were subpar, the asparagus was wrinkly, but the pepper sauce was delicious. Scallops were fishy tasting and had no crunch from the sear. The corn succotash was good as well as the cauliflower puree. There was only a small section of beautiful views due to big buildings blocking. Also looking at the roofs of the nearby small buildings was not pretty either. I would not recommend this place at all.
4	I was looking for either steak or seafood and as I'm staying in the hyatt I gave it a shot, despite some of the less than complimentary reviews. Well, I'm glad I did. I was undecided between steak or the sea bass and my server suggested the sea bass. What an excellent choice! It was wonderful. Cooked perfectly with excellent flavor. I accompanied this with a Michael Mondavi chardonnay which complimented the meal well. Why 4 and not 5? Wine list and spirit offerings could be a lot better. Very limited to basic spirits and the wines could vary a bit more. Otherwise this restaurant is excellent.
5	Wonderful way to end my daughters' birthday celebration day! We ordered cappuccinos, charcuterie, and the flourless chocolate cake. All were delicious, service was great, and the views wonderful. They wrote out Happy Birthday beautifully on the cake's plate, and comp'd the dessert. We waited around to see the fireworks from chase field, yet they didnt do them by 10, so we left. We always enjoy coming to the compass room on special occasions.
1	1.  Steak quality was poor.  Tastes like it was frozen.  Avoid it.2.  Flavor of side items were bland, and over cooked.3.  Corn bread was good.4.  Service was par.5.  Spinning nearly made us sick--the food didn't help.6.  Not worth the money.7.  Charcuterie was decent, but how can you mess up packaged cheese and meats?2 people, no alcohol, 1 appetizer, 2 entrees, 2 sodas = $93 including
5	We went here for our anniversary and it was perfect.  The view, the service, and the food was spot on.  We couldn't have asked for a more romantic spot or better place to celebrate 1 year of marriage.
4	Took my wife here for the first time and for our  anniversary. The view was excellent and the service was great. food was slightly over salted, but enjoyed it for the most part. the corn bread they bring out before the meal is pretty amazing. Salad portion sizes are smaller than expected but they were delicious.
