1	Scheduled a delivery between 8am-12pm. Waited around all day for a phone call or for them to show up. I called Manna Frieght since they hired Berger to do my local delivery. They tried calling Berger numerous time throughout the day with no response. Finally at 5:10pm I get a call from Robert with Berger (602-314-7367) asking if they could come the next day. I asked why I was just being called for the first time 5+ hours after the delivery window THEY scheduled and was only given attitude. I got NO response as to why he couldn't make a 2 minute phone call earlier in the day to just update me on whatever delays were going on. He was so rude and unapologetic. He said they would deliver between 8am-10am the next day. Again, no phone call or anything until 12:15 saying they were on their way.I don't know how this place stays in business. They have HORRIBLE customer service.
1	As a returning customer after having a great experience two years ago:This company who should specialize in customer service is one of the worst moving companies in the valley.  Their sales department cancelled, on short notice, twice and  I had to insist that their General Manager, Eric Anderson, come out to my home to do the quote himself.  Then I had to call Eric twice the following week to ask where my quote was and it was like I was doing all the work to spend my money.  I even took my complaint to their corporate office to discuss their lack of service.  Use someone else.   Period.
1	These people are awful. The broke a bunch of my stuff. I actually captured part of it on video.  They said on video, "we will pay for that."Now that its time to pay for that, they refuse saying its not their problem. I have to file a lawsuit against these clowns.
1	HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!! Firstly, the sales guy told us that we would receive our things by the second and at the absolute worst ( because of a snow storm) the 8th. We never were told an approximate date that we would get our things even when they came to pick everything up. After calling them to ask where our things were on the night of the 2nd, the lady at corporate told us that they have no control over the drivers schedule and we would probably get our things on the 8th. They was NO storm to delay the trip, by the way. When we finally got our things, the truck driver was a 100% A-hole. Complained the whole time about the cold, used profanity and threatened to put a hold to our move and charge us extra when we were caught off guard about a cashiers check ( we had cash or personal check). We finally got everything figured out and after they moved our stuff in, we had so much snow and dirt on our floors from them not covering the floors properly! Now that we're unpacked, we're missing multiple things.DONT USE BERGER ALLIED FROM PHOENIX!!! hooorrrriiibbbllleee experience!
