1	So, I decide to do an unexpected nice thing. It's tgif, so go to the mcdonalds in Summerlin to order 10 sausage mcmuffins for the office staff I work with.  Straight forward order, no drinks.  To my dismay, it's like half of Summerlin secretly decided to descend on this one mcdonalds to "splurge" on a morning meal (cheap bastards) and they're all too lazy to get out of their escalades (cheap, LAZY bastards).  Translation, drive thru is 15 cars long blocking the entrance into the shopping center.  So, I park & go in to stand in line at 7:45 which wasn't much better.  I see 2 visible people working both the registers and the drive thru and 1 cook in the back and a maintenance guy repairing the "thank you" flap on the garbage can with his drill.  After being 8th in line, I place my order. Sure with 10 mcmuffins, I can be patient.  5 minutes go by, then 10, then 15. I see the beginnings of my order being stuffed into a small, one-order bag.  No one said your order will be out soon, or apologized.  Meanwhile, I see 3 mickey d employees walk in at 8:10 (probably 10 min late), punch in and then disappear with their purses.  Now it's been 25 minutes and I'm about to be late for work, I see the mgr stuff my 10th sandwich into the small bag, and whoa, the WHOLE bag topples over onto the floor. Now I'm REALLY gonna be late for work. I just want my money back and will leave w/no breakfast.  Before I could flag the manager for a refund, I witnessed 3 employees walk over the mound of my paid-for food piled on the floor, yuck!  When I finally get the mgrs attention and nicely asked for my money back, she flippantly told me I'd have to wait for my refund until she logged into the computer. No apology for waiting 25 minutes WTF???? Hey, Don't be drinkin no hatorade this early in the morning!!! 35 minutes later, I finally got all of 11 bucks back (no credit for free breakfast) and went to work empty handed and hungry.  Moral of the story, will still try to do nice, and realize every fast food mgr has a bad day, but will avoid this place at all costs on Friday paydays in Summerlin. ps i'd submit a photo of my food on the floor, but not worth it
1	thinking lightening (and back luck) couldn't possibly strike twice, i returned to mcdonald's in summerlin to place a small order (not 10 mcmuffins as the morning before) for me & the posse who got called into work on a sunday.  this time i opt to go thru the drive-thru coz nobody's in line.  wow, it's looking good... or so i thought.  paid for my simple order at the 1st window, then waited 10 more minutes behind the only car at the pickup window (here we go, am i gonna be later for work again with only 1 car in front of me? WTF????). Cars were honking ferociously behind me. now i'm blocked in.  low and behold when i move up, i recognize the guy handing me my food as one of the mcdonald's workers who stepped over my pile of food in slow-motion matrix effect yesterday morning.  ughhh!  guess they're probably hiring at this fast food establishment and will take any dreggs off the street who either has a pulse or a trust fund, so what's the hurry?  Gave them a 2nd chance, learned my lesson, won't ever go back.  As an aside, took the time to e-mail mcdonalds and got the proverbial party line response, i.e. we pride ourselves on blah blah blah. i normally believe in redemption but not from this place.
4	very nice and clean. i came here late night and it was the only mcD's open in the area i think. came for the sweet tea.. and they had no more!
1	Avoid the drive through in the evenings.Food takes too long, the people taking orders and at the window are not professional at all.If I do plan on going to this McDonalds at night, I always have a better experience walking in.
4	My drive through experience was a pleasant one. The workers seemed very friendly and I received quick service. Whenever I go to drive thrus I'm not usually asked how my day is going unless I'm at Starbucks. I didn't feel like I was rushed and the most important thing is they didn't forget the sweet and sour sauce!
3	I've never tried a McRib Sandwich and I heard via the Talk Threads that McDonald's in Las Vegas started serving them the other day, so I took my Son here to give this legendary Sandwich a try.We ordered two McRib Meals (Sandwich, Fries, Soda) $4.19.  I also wanted to try the $1 Spicy McChicken Sandwich.The verdict......I didn't like the McRib at all...blech!  The Sauce was the best part about it. Other than that, it was pretty bland.  The Fries were good of course....and the Spicy McChicken Sandwich was decent, not bad for $1.Overall, it was a complete waste of calories.  I'm not dinging McDonald's for my stupid curiosity, so they get 3 Stars.  The McDonald's experience was A-OK. Did I find value in my meal?  Not today....my fault though.Will I return?  I'd come back again to order something I enjoy.
1	So horrible no matter what time of day it is, you'll always get food that has been prepared so messy.
1	Years of pathetic service, disgusting food, and dangerous mistakes. Why do I keep going back?Having nothing to do with Mcdonalds food in general and more to do with the ability of this specific location to produce it with out killing anybody. I have been going to this particular store for years. It is right around the corner from where I used to live, and is on the way from where I live to pretty much everything I use (gas station, costco, movie theater, market, etc). It is the only convenient location, and for a while Mcdonalds was the only place that had $1 drinks. So those are my lame excuses for repeatedly torturing myself with this horrible place! Service: I used to be a manager with another fast food chain. I know what service SHOULD be. I also know what it usually is. It doesn't have to be 5 star. But the rude attitudes, ridiculously slow service, and inability to get a single order right is really a bit too much. When I say slow service, I am talking 15 minutes is average drive thru time for a dollar menu burger and a soda. Correct orders: Yes, my order can occasionally be complicated (no castup, add big mac sauce)... but when I thought they could do no worse... they messed up an order for 4 large drinks. 2 diet cokes, a lemonade, and an unsweet iced tea (all with extra ice). We received a regular coke, a lemonade, a Dr. Pepper, and a sweet iced tea. 2 drinks had no ice at all. and the other 2 had a few pieces floating around. We have never received a correct order from this store. EVER. I could go on and on about it, but I will stick with this sad example and move on.Dangerous/disgusting/incorrectly made: Something a little different then an order where they put the wrong thing in the bag or mess up a custom, is when they just make it incorrectly or dangerously. Some of the examples of this include pies that expired an hour before I received them, an egg that was completely raw in the middle, and tonights lovely mess up. Tonight I ordered the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. According to the website this should include 2 full slices of swiss cheese and a decent amount of mushrooms. I had about a teaspoon of mushrooms, no sauce, and 1/2 a slice of cheese. That is right, they left off a slice and a half of cheese! In addition, it was a regular (and relatively old) quarter pound patty, not the big ole angus patty they should have used. I have called the number on the receipt multiple times that takes me to the district office. They consistently send out a free sandwich or drink coupon to apologize. They tell me how sorry they are and suggest I try one of their other locations, as this is the only one they receive complaints from. From what I was told they are revamping this store, but I have been told that for well over a year, and it seems to have been unvamped and going down hill, which I didn't think was even possible! I keep vowing this will be my last visit, but then find myself sitting in the drive thru line yet again wondering if I will ever receive my food. I highly do not recommend this location. Hopefully you won't be lured in by whatever the heck keeps luring me! -Sarah (This was written by Paul's wife because I am usually the one dealing with them. I guess he got smarter.)
1	This is hands down the WORST McD's location.I keep saying I wont go back but I think what keeps me going back is that living in the heart of Summerlin there isn't much of an option besides the Burger King on Town Center.The drive-thru is always so so so long and the workers at the window are so slow and seem like it is their first day every time. My order is NEVER right! I order a McGriddle and get a McMuffin WTH! The food is either overcooked or not accurate. What is with the coke? It always and I mean always tastes weird.I have sent an e-mail through the website complaining and they said since nobody else complained about the coke it must be fine. WRONG! If you get the nasty coke please send them an e-mail if enough people complain they might actually do something!!I usually go to the location on Charleston but since this one is so close I do still come here when I have coupons but I make sure and go inside where I can verify my order.
1	Don't tell anyone but I like McDonald's coffee better than Starbucks. I rather have McDonald's coffee over any other coffee in the world. This McDonald's location would have gotten 5 stars about 3 months ago, but things have changed. A few months ago, the workers were really cool, but now they have all just gotten really f*cking weird! It's almost like one of those 1980s B-Horror Movies where one of the workers gets infected with the Zombie/Vampire/Werewolf virus and then comes to work the next day and spreads it to all his coworkers.  That's the only logical explanation because every worker here has transformed into McDumbasses!I want to remind you that this is Summerlin, so that means that everyone runs stop signs, no one yields for pedestrians,  and everyone argues over the stupidest most insignificant things. Watch out when you are entering this drive-thru because there is a huge chance that some douchebag in a BMW will run the stop sign in order to cut in front of you.When I drove up to the box, there was no answer. About 2 minutes later I begin hearing a ton of static and then this bizarre sounding guy starts talking in this strange tone. He sounded like a drunk Orson Wells. When I pulled up to the first window to pay, the window slowly slid open to reveal the face of a morbid looking kid with gigantic dilated eyes and one of those horror movie smiles. Immediately he lets out this high pitched: "reeehhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!" noise at me. At that particular moment, due to the fear of man-rape, I thought about driving over the planters and escaping. But, he looked so weird that I came to the conclusion that he might have some kind of paranormal super powers and would catch me no matter how fast I drove, so I just sat there and awaited my fate. After about 2-3 seconds he told me how much my coffee cost in a disturbingly soft tone voice, and thankfully he didn't serve me McRape.  When I drove up to the pick-up window, I was greeted by an anorexic looking latino kid who didn't even give me eye contact, and while holding the coffee he sticks his arm out the window and just drops it before I even have the chance to reach out to grab it. It was a miracle that I caught the thing in mid air.  I was glad to get the McF*ck out of there.
1	The drive through line is terrible. They are painfully slow.
2	I love Mcdonalds, grew up on it and still take my boys there regularly and I have to say this.  The location off of the circle in Summerlin really has some hard times keeping up.  The place always seems to be a bit dirty both in the lobby and behind the counter.  I dread getting a "quick" bite with the boys when we are in a hurry as they are never fast in the drive thru!!  BUT the food is always just as good at any other Mcdonalds, so they do have that going for them!!  It is literally though one of the slowest mickey D's I have ever been to.  And this is not just one experience, I go very regularly because as I said I love it and this one is the closest to me, so for convenience, but sometimes I wonder if it would be faster to drive seven minutes out of my way to another mcdonalds....Their Employees are so nice though, just not the best on the speed side of things!Maybe they will get better!
3	Pretty good service for fast food.
2	I don't know what it is about this McDonald's. It's like kids run the joint. Not that they aren't friendly, but too many of them just aren't professional, and seem to think the customers are part of their entertainment. This job is basically an extension to their social life.  It's a problem.
1	I don't know what the deal is with this location, but they are ridiculously slow! Even if my order is a pre made salad and iced coffee and there is no one else in the drive-thru lane, it still takes forever!
1	Went through the Drive-thru today at about 11:15 am for lunch. Ordered the habanero quarter pounders and a caramel sundae. Sundae machine was down, so no sundae. I should have taken that as an omen and just left. Got the promo to buy a quarter pounder & get one free. When I went to eat my sandwich I had to search for the habanero sauce( just a touch was on the bun), and the burger was dry as hell and tasted like it had been reheated from the day before. I took one bite and could barely chew it. I threw them both away. What a waste of gas and time. Never going to this place again ...  AWFUL
1	This was the worst Mcdonalds in all of Las Vegas.  My daughter wanted a breakfast burrito and I needed a coffee. 1 car in front in of me and 23 minutes stuck in the drive thru. WHO's the manager? I didnt see one person that was capable of being in charge of running that place. Next tiem I decide to go to Mcdonalds by my job I will hop on the freeway and go to another one and still return to work faster then running across the street to this one!!!!!!
2	This McD's is bad. It is near my home and has a drive thru so I hit it up for the dollar menu. It is pure convenience that I go to this one. The wait for food here is unreal. this last week my mcdouble tasted more like it was reheated. The bun was rock hard :(I just never know if I'm going to get what I ordered correctly or if it will taste normal or reheated. I have been getting coupon books in the mail that have been good deals. Inside feels kinda cramped. The lines inside are as bad as the drive thru. Please remember that people leaving the drive thru have rights too. I obey the stop sign before pulling out but it seems the people shopping within the strip mall think they have the right to zip by you and not let you out.
1	Awful service and extremely slow. Go elsewhere.
2	Honestly McDonalds is a McDonalds but I've never been to one so slow. Went in to grab some breakfast and, although no one was there, it still took 20 min. The fact that I keep coming back is just because it is close.
1	Service is terribly slow. Orders have never been correct. Manager Oscar is trained in a third world country. I have boycotted this location for the last year and I live and work within walking distance of this place. I'd much rather go out of my way and give my money to the Boca Park location.
1	I dont mind fresh and hot...but when you have to wait 15 minutes to order and another 15 minutes to receive the order plus bad attitude....not a good mixTry two cashiers when you got 4 people or more in one line...that would cut the first 15 minutes
1	Flavorless cardboard and meat like substance..,   Unfit for human consumption !!!      I gave irvine last try and it's worse than ever
1	This is the only burger place within 5 minutes of my office so I've been going here to pick up my lunch before starting work. However, this morning I get there at 10:25 because i have to be at work at 10:35. I try to order a chicken wrap and I'm told they can't take lunch orders until 10:30. Now up until recently I worked in the food industry for 14 years as a manager and I understand the reason for these time frames for breakfast and lunch, but at 5 minutes till I can get a wrap so I can make it to my office with lunch on time? I asked the order taker if they could please help me out it was only 5 minutes and they flat out refused. OUTSTANDING CUSTOMER SERVICE GUYS!! Won't be going back. There is a Vons, a Port of Subs, a Panda Express, an Ensteins Bagels, 2 Pizza Places, and a couple of other restraunts all in the same shopping center so just keep pushing business away to your competitors.Monday June 9, 2014 10:45 am
1	Worst McDonalds Ever!  I work close so it is convenient for breakfast and lunch, however, after my experience today, I will not be going back.  With so many other dining options in the area, I wonder why they don't pay attention to the reviews and step up their game.  Today, I went through the drive thru - which is always the slowest around (average of about 5 mins in line - longest time was 11 minutes).  Today was the 4th time in a month that I've been through the drive thru and my order was wrong or incomplete.  I'm only one person, how many other people does this happen to.This morning, I went to the drive thru about 6:10am, lucky since I was the only one in line.  Placed my order, but could tell the person taking my order was distracted.  Got to the payment window, where the person dropped my change on the ground, ugh.  Next window, pick up food.  Here is the entire conversation: Me:  Can I get some Mayonnaise and Salt? MD's:  Mayonnaise?  (as he is chatting with a co-worker and not listening to me.Me: Yes, Mayonnaise and Salt.MD's: OK.  (Still chatting it up with co-worker)MD's:  That was Mayonnaise and Jelly?Me: No.  Mayonnaise and Salt.UGH!!  Pay attention!  Needless to say, I got to work and order was incomplete.  Frustrated, I got back in my car, drove back to restaurant and went inside.  Talked to a manager or assistant (couldn't tell, as they had no nametag), but they were very uninterested in the fact that a customer had an issue.  I explained that it had happened 4 times in last month, still no reaction.  No concern, NO APOLOGY.    He proceeded to get my other item, but was not going to replace the current one I brought back.  Since it was now a cold item, I had to ask to get a replacement.I mentioned again that this is the 4th time in a month that this had happened to just me, but again, no apology, no concern, and no reaction.  Worst customer service of any restaurant I've ever been in.  It seems to me that they need to be reading these reviews and try to improve.  I will be sending a copy of this review to McDonald's corporate office, because if they are not already aware of how bad this store is, they need to be.
2	The drive- thru might be the worst.  I've gone through a few times.  The staff is rude and when they short your order your made to feel like it's your fault .
1	Don't come in. Their priority is the drive thru. Don't waste your time. Horrible customer service. I will be avoiding this place as much as possible.
3	Simple question, what is so hard about making a dipped cone, that looks like the picture in the restaurant.  Sometimes they make it so fat, that it attacks my clothing.I love your dipped cones.  Addicted to it.
