4	this is my favorite music venue in phoenix. it is a smaller venue best for local or indie bands, but every show i've been to their has been far more memorable then any show i've been to in phoenix.the place itself isn't too stunning, it is just a rectangular brick building with a bar area on the right when you walk in, booths on the left side of the wall, some high tables in the middle, a stage and standing area at the back, and an eclectic mix of art on the walls. however, the place has a really good feel to it and excellent sound that leads to really wild and memorable concerts.the two that i remember the most were the presets/the rapture and spinto band/art brut/we are scientists. i thought the presets were pretty lousy until i saw them play there and the rapture played an absolutely amazing set that lasted almost 2 hours and inspired an epic, comfortably out-of control dance party. the other show was equally long and boisterous, highlighted by eddie argos coming out into the crowd to sing 3 songs.the bad things about the place are that last time i went there was still no alcohol because they lost their liquor license. however, i heard that they have got it back now, but i'm not sure. the shows i went to i had to go down the street between sets and drink at alice cooperstown which isn't cheap. it also doesn't have a patio at all where you can hang out and hear the music or what is going on inside and drink or smoke. the venue reminds me alot of the lounge in the back of Plush in tucson except for the lack of a patio which is really important in a state like AZ where the weather is so good at night most of the year.of course the worst thing is just the lack of bands that go there. most bands come to either marquee (heaven help us poor phoenicians) or even worse, the clubhouse. if you happen to be a tour manager reading reviews on yelp, please book your band at the brickhouse.Update - 8/31 - Had to downgrade to 4 stars after my most recent visit. Its hard to believe that I'm downgrading them now that they have liquor available, but it's happening. They normally have local draft brews at this place for 2 dollars, but apparently when they have a show they don't sell it at all. Only bottles for 3 or 4 dollars. What's worse is that every bottle I ordered wasn't cold, tasted like they just threw it in the ice bin 30 minutes before. AND they kept running out of beers. What's even worse is that the mixed drinks run 6 DOLLARS for a really tiny glass. This place needs to get its act together. I'll be drinking beforehand and elsewhere in between sets from now on. I don't get why the music venues in Phoenix don't understand how much more money they can make at a show with drink specials.They also apparently haven't invested in air conditioning which makes summer shows not even worth it. Okkervil River still put on a great show to my surprise, which is the only thing (along with the other great shows i've seen there) that kept me downgrading this place to 3 stars or lower.They are also in the middle of remodeling so the place looks kindof like crap right now.
4	This is a cool venue to catch a show. I actually played a show here and it was good times. They have a large dance floor or an area where people can gather to watch performers. They also have a nice sized Bar which can handle a good sized crowd. We all know that is a must when it comes getting a drink in a crowed venue. I really enjoyed this spot and had a fun time rocking peoples face off!
5	So you wonder, (as you wander) does Phoenix have any history that pre-dates 1911? What happened to all the old brick and western style buildings that housed, cotton, supplies, cactus jelly, or whatever Phoenix would have had stored in a warehouse in 1911?  Well this is a place that has history (albeit, only 80 years or so, but hey we'll take it.) Coming from Boston, I yearn to have some kind of architectural history, buildings that have meaning, purpose,  character. I mean how many adobe style, clay shingled buildings can we have seriously? So if your looking for cool atmosphere, a safe venue (well lite parking lots) and great music, check out the brick house. I saw Okkerivil River here, and the experience was great, and the venue is the perfect size for a small show. They serve a wide range of beer and drinks. (food too) My only complaint, it was pretty hot inside, but then again it's ALWAYS hot inside buildings here in September. Check it out, you won't be disappointed.
3	I may not be very popular after I write this review, but I'm under the assumption I'm not popular anyway... so I guess it doesn't matter now, does it? In any case, I give The Brickhouse 3 stars based on my initial visit. Location is easy to find. There is street parking and I didn't get the feeling my life was in danger (even though somebody once told me that it was extremely dangerous for a girl to be out by herself in that 'hood and at that venue). A bum did stop along the sidewalk and ask for some spare change, but he wasn't a creepy bum (you know what I'm talking about). I chose for my first visit to The Brickhouse to be during a Beat Battle event. Granted, I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into, but that was part of the draw. Rap? Turntablism? Beat Boys? I just had to know. I dragged a friend along with me. He seemed like a willing enough victim, though. Cover was $10, which isn't bad for any sort of musical event. Crowd was cool - plenty of unique individuals to rest your eyes upon. I enjoyed how this particular show brought out some pretty artsy-lookin' and jam-jivin' folks. I can hang with these peeps, I thought. I actually did enjoy the Beat Battle, for it was something new. Nothing like a new experience at a new venue to make one helluva memory. Only downside was that the beer selection was lacking. I wanted something seasonal, yet they didn't offer any sort of winter lager or ales. Bummer. I settled for a Kiltlifter to start off with, followed by a Newcastle.  Plus, there's a kitchen for people who have the munchies. They offered a drink, fries and burger for $5. Now that's a bargain.Oh, and let's touch upon the bathroom, shall we. Ladies Room, my arse. More like a "Enter at Your Own Risk Waste Disposal." I mean, seriously. Door 1: the lock didn't align; therefore, the door didn't lock. Door 2: 1/2 the seat lid was broken off and missing. Door 3: Out of Service note. Door 4: The large stall with the big door that wasn't quite big enough to meet the stall column; therefore, it just swing wide open the other way.  Can you guess which stall I chose?  But, c'mon, I admit it: I like this venue. I don't always need or want pristine, perfect or even pleasant. In fact, I am thinking my review will change and a 4th star may find its way into my rating if I go back here to see a band of my liking. I missed the Okkervil River show here, and I'll never forgive myself for that. Of course, this is definitely not a 5 star venue - unless, of course, there's the exception to the rule: no cover, better beer selection and Harry Connick Jr. on stage. Ha. I kid. Make it Bob Dylan and ya got yourself a deal.
3	i get lost almost every time i go here, but once i get there, i'm always pleased. every show i've ever been to here has been amazing. i've never been frustrated with the sound there, which is usually a big issue for me.
4	Wow, this is exactly what the downtown area needs more of. considering our nightlife is catatonic. a live venue is the only spark of civilization during the week nights. the area can be sketch..but usually during the day. you are spiting distance from the sheriffs office so it kinda gives a sense of security.the look and feel to the place is classic old. seating is available for the loungers. a couple round booths and some stand up tables. stage is big enough to hold antedote, living legends, and hiero...so basically figure it's a large stage. beer selection is good. and they mix drinks too. I've had friends complain they are weak..but i usually roll with hardcore drunks...so go figure them being weak.the acoustics are OK. some problems have occurred while i was there. but i am never phased by that. I've been to scrappy's and the Nile. so I'm kinda used to it.
3	Dunzo.Too bad.  It was a poor man's Antone's [re: Clifford Antone].  Saw many good live indie acts there and the stage was oh-so-close to the audience, but it was hellish to try to get a drink during a packed house show.
