5	I have been a member of the Grand Canyon location for 3 years now. The previous location was not necessarily out of the way, but because every surrounding shop went out of business, it was no longer located in a one-stop-strip mall. The new location is BEAUTIFUL! They even offer facials and I have a standing appointment with Djamilia every month. =) I absolutely love the new clinic and wish you all the best!
5	Massage Envy the best concept invented for massage and facial memberships!  They have a lot of Massage Therapists and Estheticians to choose from but you have to book ahead of time as they are getting busier especially on the weekends.  If you also refer people you will get credit and can build up for more massages.  They also have great gift card incentives so be sure to ask about it.There are 11 Massage Envy's in the valley so it's very convenient to use your membership at any Massage Envy here and it's nationwide.Everyone needs to take care of their body and it's very affordable.  =)
5	To  begin with, I am a massage addict, been with Envy for years and years, happily.My therapist  was Yumi, and was in my top 3 of favorites!  She was absolutely awesome! Perfect pressure...didn't miss a muscle! And i don't feel like i went 3 rounds with Tyson the next day!  I drink lots of water before and after my message, if your new to message, take note! It's really important. Front desk staff was super friendly and helpful, everything was perfect!   Totally reccomend this spot...try to see Yumi, I'm sure the others are great too...good luck...
4	Good gravy, this was a great massage! The ONLY thing that stopped this from being a 5 star massage was the fact that they kept me waiting in the "relaxation room" for 20 minutes past my scheduled appointment time.  I went in a bit peeved because of that, but those thoughts quickly disappeared with the knots in my back and shoulders once my massage began.The location was very nice and the receptionist was courteous, friendly, and thorough in reviewing my information sheet and preferences.Karin was my therapist, and boy oh boy, she did an EXCELLENT job. When I made my appointment, they let me know that no therapists were available at my preferred time for a deep tissue massage, but that Karin had a firmer pressure, so she would likely be fine.  She was! I let her know that I was pretty sore from exercise, and she did a great job working out all of my kinks with fantastic, deep, pressure.  It was actually better than some of the "true" deep tissue massages I've received.I decided against purchasing a membership because I don't like making impulse decisions, but thinking more about it...I probably will!
5	I am a pretty tough massage/spa customer and am usually disappointed in the results I receive.  Massage Envy has been on my list of places to try for a long time, and I finally indulged with a 90-minute Swedish massage.  Lindsay at the front desk was amazing, and completely low-pressure on attempting to sign me up for a membership.  I was very, very tempted but due to financial constraints, will hold off for now.The relaxation room was very nice, and the entire facility had a relaxing aroma, which I very much enjoyed.  Dave O. was my therapist, and he listened to my needs perfectly, and even integrated some cranio-sacral techniques into my massage.  His ability to relax my tired and stiff shoulders, as well as the way he massaged my feet made this one of the best massages I have ever received.  Check out Massage Envy on Flamingo--you won't regret it.
1	This is an unfortunate business.  They have incompetent employees manning the front desk.  Case in point: I was supposed to get my massage today, 2/19 at 4pm.  When I call to confirm, they can't find the appointment but they do find one that is coincidentally exactly a month from now on 3/18 at 4pm.  I got my last massage two weeks ago on 2/1 and I booked what was supposed to be my next massage (today) in person.  CLEARLY stating that I wanted the third Sunday of February.  I even confirmed with her once she booked it.  Guess that's all meaningless when the poorly trained employee clicks on the wrong month in the process.  Really disppointed since I've been looking forward to the massage and can't reschedule it since it's my last day here.  I really did like my massage therapist here, but I won't be coming back.  When staff can't follow through on a task as simple as booking an appointment, there is a serious flaw in the business.
5	This location is clean and neat, the people at the front desk were professional and very helpful, and I felt comfortable (which is super important to anyone about to show off their birthday suit during a massage). The massause was definitely Massage Envy quality. I have yet to be disappointed in any of my massages at any of the Massage Envy locations. Note, they allow for tip on debit card if you are using your monthly massage, you dont have to make a purchase to use it.
5	Many people believe they don't need a massage. Whether you're into athletics, wanting relaxation, or just generally well being, I think getting massages improves your mood. If you're searching for a good place to go, there's a Massage Envy close by...I frequent this location because of my regular therapist, Socrates, who is amazing. Massage Envy is all over town, very broad flexible hours, with many therapists on staff. They are great to asking your preferences, male or female therapists, what type of massage you'd prefer, providing the typical variety: Swedish, sports, hot stone, deep tissue, etc. They charge $49 for your first hour massage. If you decide getting regular massages is right for you, their membership program is a great idea. $59 a month will get you one hour massage every month. What I love about it is you can carry over your massage if you don't use it to the next month. You can even split one up and enjoy an 1.5 hours in one session. I've even skipped a few months (life gets hectic, right?!) and used a 2-hour session after my half marathon last year. Boy, did that come in handy!You can also enjoy facials, honestly I haven't had one yet. I've visited a couple locations and used their therapists for almost two years. In my experience, it was a bit of trial and error trying a few massage therapists until I found one I really loved. Through this process though, they've always been professional, courteous, and made me feel comfortable and at ease. They have heated massage tables if you're like me who's cold all the time. I believe now they offer aromatherapy you can add on for $10/15. Massage Envy is great with scheduling, open as early as 8am and closes at 9pm on weekdays. Look at their website and find a location close by. I'll be back there soon! :)
1	I brought my friend here for her Birthday. It was her first time at Massage Envy. The front office girl was very loud and annoying. My friend was told she would have a therapist that could give her deep tissue massage. She was not happy with her massage and it was not deep enough. I told my Threapist that I was having back pain in my lower back. All he concentrated on was that area and nothing else. Being a professional, I thought he would know he had to massage the surrounding area in order for me to feel relief.  I left with my lower back feeling better but the rest of my back was in A LOT of pain and still is. I was not happy with my experience at all.Also, as a member I thought I would be taken care of better but I was treated no better than a non-member. My membership doesn't get me anything special. Pay three times as much as a membership to LVAC and don't even get as many massages as you want. Or at least go twice a week. Total rip off. Pay full price and only perks come if you refer someone and they sign up. Don't waste your money here. If you're in pain, look up a chiropractor that has massages in office.
5	5 stars for Socrates! He really does care about the well-being of his clients and works especially hard to make sure whatever is ailing you is addressed during your session. I always thoughts 60 minutes was enough, but with Socrates, I opt for 90 minutes of relaxation (with the occasional snoring on my part). I end up paying more because of how the membership system works if I want more than 60 minutes, but it's definitely worth it. I'm really glad I did end up getting this membership. The first time we came to this location for a massage for my boyfriend's birthday, we actually both did not like the massages we received. Bree at the front desk (who I think is the most pleasant and helpful person working the front) was patient with us as we made the decision to get a membership, and we both opted for Kelly (boyfriend's therapist) and Socrates for our next massages. We haven't changed our therapists since and always try to book a head so we don't end up with anyone else. Tip well, they deserve it!
4	I really like this location. The staff is friendly, rooms are clean and welcoming and it's conveniently located near other shopping and restaurants.
4	A friend recommended me to this location, and to Mary Jane. I had been to the Boca Park location and was not impressed, but the West Flamingo staff surprised me.The front desk team were not very pushy, they have a job to do and they did it, but I didn't feel my tension rise trying to pay my bill after my massage. Mary Jane is awesome! She was so kind and her trigger point technique helped get rid of knots that my back has had for years that no one else has ever gotten to release. After my first visit I signed up for a membership.
3	I had set an appointment on Friday  for Monday morning, so that was the only thing on my mind all weekend. But when Monday morning came around I came to check in they didn't have my appointment in the computer, but the guy at the front was very nice and got me and appointment for later that day.When I came back I was a little irritated that I had to comeback but by the time the massage was over I left a very happy camper I still be coming back I just hope next time my appointment doesn't get deleted
3	The only reason I'm giving 3 stars is because of how great the massage therapist, Ratana is--otherwise it would be ZERO. I don't think it's worth it to get a membership because the receptionists at this location are awful to deal with.  I signed up for the membership at the Rainbow & 2-15 location and was offered an additional comp massage for signing up.  I started going to the Flamingo location because of convenience and because of Ratana, when I tried to use my free massage, they told me it was only good for the location I signed up at.  Then the second time I wanted to transfer my massage for my mother to use, they told me to call the other location in order for it to happen.  I told them I was able to go through them last time.  The most frustrating this is everytime I call--GUARANTEED-- They put you on hold for a long time.Cancelling my subscription as soon as it's done.
5	I've been to several Massage Envy locations and this one has a very nice atmosphere.  It has the best quiet/relaxation room of any I've been too.  It's much bigger than most and not just a small alcove off a busy hallway.  The only problem I had here was that they didn't properly check me in, so my massage therapist didn't know where I was (although I was the only person sitting in the relaxation room!) so we were late starting my massage and I probably was shorted by a few minutes. My shoulders have been so tight and aching over the last week  that I was constantly pressing down on them and trying to massage the pain out myself. I asked for a deep tissue massage and I got Socrates, who specializes in deep tissue and sports massages.  Wow!  I've never been in so much pain during a massage.  He kept saying "oh, this is bad, this is bad" regarding all the knots in my back and shoulders.  He worked to get all the knots out and told me to lay off the weight training until my muscles could heal.  It's been 2 days and I feel so much better!  My shoulder muscles feel great. Socrates definately knows what he is doing.  I'll be back - and on a more regular basis so that my muscles don't get that bad again!
5	The staff here is very pleasant and friendly (most massage envy's are).  The reason why I absolutely recommend this place is due to one specific therapist:  SOCRATES.  When I first got him, I was skeptical because of his name lol, but his deep tissue massage is the best.  I've been to 4 massage envy's in Vegas and have tried dozens of therapists.  I can't stress enough, HE IS THE BEST.  He is humble and service oriented, you feel very comfortable on the table.  He not only is super-human strong, he has a great sense of feel for the muscles and only works on those muscles that need work.  WARNING:  it will be very painful, but after a couple days you will be so glad you went through it.  Give it it try, cheers!
5	love this place! 5 stars goes to Socrates - the best in deep tissue massage! =)
4	I have been going to Massage Envy for a few years now.  I actually bounce around to different locations because that's how I roll.  Actually, it just depends on which Grandma is watching my daughter for me.  I have been to this particular location several times.  I like this location because it has a nicer staff than some of the other locations I have been too.  I have also been quite pleased with every masseuse I have had.  They seem to be of a higher quality than some of the other locations.  It's also pretty easy to get to, being right off of the 215 and Flamingo.  The quiet room here is also very relaxing and really helps you get into the massage mood.  You know what I mean,  whether it is ahhh, namaste, ohm,  the room just gets you ready for your massage.The only downside is the parking.  The way this strip mall is situated, the parking area can really get packed if you go at the wrong time.  There are a lot of stores, restaurants, fast food, and other things all around the area.  Keep that in mind if you are heading in during the lunch or dinner rush, to make sure you have enough time to get in, in case you have to park far away.
5	The staff was very helpful and very friendly. I went for my first massage and they made the process easy and comfortable. This location is truly wonderful for customer service. My massage therapist was Corinne, who was absolutely wonderful. I really enjoyed my experience and plan to be returning soon.
4	We've gone here for quite some time and overall, we've had good service.  Some minor mix up's with the front desk but nothing major.  Massages are so subjective to everyone, but personally for deep tissue, I must recommend Rob.  Very knowledgeable and experienced!  The 2 prenatal massage therapists are also great, although one did ask for a doctor's note...just depends on the therapist and comfort level.  If we didn't move to another location, we would continue coming to this location.  Always clean and friendly.
4	I've been a member since 2007. The location is easy but the parking does get ridiculously full at meal times. My husband and I both have our favorite masseuses at this location. The front staff seems to constantly change so someone is always getting trained and so there are mistakes made occasionally. They also have computer glitches from time to time. But really, I'm here for my masseuse and I could care less what it looks like inside or who's up front as long as they don't overcharge me. I love how they added the sugar foot scrub this year. I've been to more expensive spas in Las Vegas incuding the ones in hotels and they are nowhere as fantastic as my masseuse.
4	Kept hearing great things about Massage Envy and decided to give it a try. It did not disappoint! The staff is so friendly. Jasmine helped checked me in and we went over the areas that I wanted work on. I decided to do the 1 hr massage with my neck, shoulders, and feet mostly focused on. I am either running, standing on my feet, or sitting at a computer all day. My therapist, Melissa, was fantastic! She worked out the kinks and I felt so relaxed. I made another appointment to see her again after my half marathon in a few weeks.
5	Christine at the west location gives the best massage ever! Her energy is amazing and that is what you need an exchange of light and wellness, along with excellent touch, Christine F you rock!Thanks !!
4	Really liked this location, my masseuse was Veronica and I loved her!!  She listened to what I wanted and I left so refreshed and relaxed.  This location is right off the freeway but it's so quiet and serene there.  Also, their radio was out over the speakers but Veronica played "spa" music on her phone.  Talk about great customer service!
5	I come here once a month with the membership. Well worth the money. Usually get a 90 min massage and I always leave feeling great.Ask for Becca.
4	This place is well worth the membership! If you miss a month it's nice thst they roll over so you get two free hours the next month! Staff is awesome!
5	SOCRATES and RATANA!!!If you use EITHER of these two massage therapists, you'll be golden. Both are super sweet and they get the job done!Socrates was able to FINALLY release tension from my super tight muscles...I'm a crazy boot camp, P-90X type person, and he's the first therapist in YEARS to actually make a dent in my muscles! I left feeling so relaxed and tension-free!!! Ratana does a Thai-style massage that truly realigns you, body and soul! I used to come once a month, but now I'm going every two-weeks because of the difference it's made in my over-all well-being. Thank you, Ratana and Socrates!Tip them WELL, everybody! They work so hard to make sure we stay healthy and strong!
5	I'm a member and always try to see Socrates. If you have knots or kinks that need to be worked out, he is your guy. He does a great deep tissue / accupressure massage and knows exactly how to fix what needs to be fixed. I had a large swollen stress knot on the back of my head when I first saw him. It was much better after 1 session and gone after 2. I don't want to go anywhere else for massage!
5	Let me introduce you to the other man in my life:  Socrates.  Every 2 weeks, we meet in a darkened room with some Yanni playing in the background.  He goes to work on the knots in my back.  I cry a little.  Sometimes I snooze.  I may even drool on occasion.  It is a relationship that works.Seriously, if you enjoy regular massages, you will not get more bang for your buck then a membership with massage envy.  I've been to several locations (including in other states) and rarely had a bad massage.  For a small fee you can substitute a facial instead of a massage or add extra time to your allotted hour.  An hour goes by fast, so I usually pay extra to add a 1/2 hour.    Massage Envy also does promotions and you can take advantage of deep discounts or freebies.  I'm a very satisfied customer.If you enjoy a deep tissue massage, Socrates is your man.  Just don't take my regular appointment.
5	Have come here many times but today was the first time I had Bekah for a massage. Her hands are magic! The pressure was just right and she hit all my stress points perfectly. I will definitely be asking for her when I return! I definitely recommend a membership to take advantage of monthly massage and/or facials. I have been coming here for over a year and it is worth every penny.
4	Great massages! great service! the only con is sometimes the massage starts late , but other than that it is awesome! great staff and proffessional massage therapists!
5	All I can say is Socrates is the best! I see him once a week for my chronic aches and pains. He always listens to my complaints about where I hurt and I always leave feeling brand new. It's the little things that count such as wiping off the massage oil as best as he can once done, the stretching and aroma therapy when massaging your scalp. Don't be fooled by his size and kind face, Socrates has very powerful hands. The best deep tissue massage you will receive!
5	Nicole is simply amazing. I have been a member for approximately  4 yrs and Nicole is the best masseuse I've had. She is detailed and hit all my problem areas. It feels like treatment not just a massage.
