5	I have a 64 Chevelle Malibu that desperately needed detailing. Called and made an appointment for this Friday, May 6 - 8am. Brad (the young man who arrived ON TIME, neat, clean and polite) did an amazing job on the car. He started at 8am and finished close to noon! The car has never looked better. It actually sparkles inside and out. I would recommend this business and especially Brad, the detailer, to anyone. And the price? only $149.00 -- WOW. I am thrilled. :-)
5	I found their website and submitted on online appointment/quote request.  I received a call back a few hours later.  They were able to come to my house 2 days later.  The appointment I made was for a Sunday- 7 am.  The tech showed up right on time, was professional and did a fantastic job!   We had an incident with my sick dog a couple weeks earlier in the backseat and needed the seats shampooed and interior detailed.  They left it looking brand new!  Cost was $104 (including the $15 trip fee) for a compact car--
5	I had my car detailed today.11 year old BMW.It has some spider scratches all over that were driving me up the wall. I called the number on a Friday morning and reached Victor. (Make sure you call 602-321-8016, not the 480 number at the top of their website). Victor showed up on time at 7:00AM on a Saturday and got to work. I had a wash, polish, and sealer applied on Saturday and he came back on Monday to apply carnuba wax after letting the sealant cure.After the polish and sealant it made my car look like it was brand new and "wet".He was very professional and explained everything he was doing. The end result was excellent and I will be using this place again!
1	Horrible! They ran a living social deal, I had to call multiple times for an apt, bc calls were never returned. Finally got an apt for may ( 5 wks out) and they never showed up. In June, I tried to re-book and was given an apt for July 26 to do both of my cars. They never showed p.i called about 6 times, only one call was answered buy someone who sounded "out of it" drunk?? High?? Not sure. He was " not in the office" and would call me back in 20 minutes. 2 hrs later, no return calls, and no attempt to answer mine.  Horribly unprofessional.
1	Horrible!  Bought their Google offers $59 for Platinum Auto Detailing.  They rescheduled on me LITERALLY 4 times, always calling and cancelling the day before they were supposed to show up.  Every time they reschedule me it is at least 2 weeks out.  The last two times they said they had a change in management, apparently it is not working.  Had to call google offers and get a refund today... I have been waiting for them to clean my car since June. :p
