4	After 2.5 years in Phoenix, I've decided that I deserve a couch!  Of course I've had couches in previous chapters of my life, and those things are overpriced bulky behemoths that are a horror to transport.First I haunted the various furniture stores going out of business, and alas, I still can't afford a couch that is $800 AFTER the 50% discount.Second, tried Craigslist. Boy, used couches don't photograph well.  Why would I spend $200+ for a nasty, dirty, floral couch!Thus, I was intrigued with the IRCA mailing I received with the weekly supermarket flyers.  They purchase used stuff from hotels renovating (or closing, I suppose) fix stuff up and re-sell it to the public (or other fleabag hotels renovating with their stuff.)Picture frames for $10! Sleeper sofas for $175! Other stuff for cheap! screams the ad.Thus, I trekked out here the other day, a large warehouse filled with stuff.  Don't expect lavish customer service or nice decor; it's a warehouse, it's a thrift-y store.  And thus, fun to explore? Did I want a player piano?  Huge tubed TVs? Lamps replete with AC jacks?  Any need for 100 functional coffee machines or hair dryers once attached to bathroom walls. No, I wanted a couch.  They had a couple of sectionals, but mainly love seats, recliners, sleeper sofas, and other "regular" sofas that are found in hotels and lobbies and etc.  They had some old fashioned stuff that once populated "Lawrence Welk" (show? Hotel?) some faux leopard skinned chaise lounge and red, white, and black leather sofas (solid red, solid white, solid black, not striped!) probably from fancier hotels that I never go to.  Most was in the $400+ range, and really, not what I wanted.I spied a solid, functional, clean green sofa sleeper that the tag proudly exclaimed once lived in a Westin hotel.  And I fell in love with the $175 price point. There were a couple couches cheaper, perhaps $149, but those looked a pad bit dirty and skanky for even my standards.I found a salesperson, and simply said "I want that one," and he didn't try to upsell me on anything else.  They do deliver, but it's by mileage, so this thing would have cost me over $100 to bring to my place.  Thankfully, they hold merchandise for 7 days, long enough me to convince friend-with-truck to assist for the low price of a good meal.
4	Look..if your looking for some decent, affordable, along with great selection then look no farther than IRCA Furniture Showroom. The wife and I found this gem while driving around one day a month ago just while we were shopping at Fresh n Easy. It's on Greenway Road and it looks like your everyday warehouse but once you walk inside you will find enough treasures to fill your entire room, apartment, condo, house, etc...Now while everything in the store is from hotel liquidations....they also do hotel furniture renovations as well which is why the selection and quality is so good. The service is great and the guys will help you with everything you need. The prices are great and i can pretty much guarantee that you can walk out of there with a sofa, chair, loveseat, queen size bed, armoire, table, lamps, a few mirrors, ottoman, and more odds and ends for under 3000 bucks...that's right under 3 grand.I challenge you to go to any other furniture store and find deals as great as the one's at IRCA....especially when you see what you are truly getting for your money. The get furniture from places like the Bellagio, Ceasar's Palace, Hyatt, Hilton and in 2 weeks we were told they will be getting new inventory from the Mirage hotel and casino in Las Vegas, and various hotels and resorts in Arizona. So before you go anywhere else to buy furniture please go by and take a look at IRCA first...i promise you won't be disappointed.
4	I was just reading Andre E's review here & thought I'd throw my hat in the ring.  I bought a bunch of nicely framed painting repros at IRCA to decorate my place.  My experience was that they won't dicker on price, but the value is good anyway, & they have a lot of different stuff to browse through each time you visit.When you DO visit IRCA, don't miss the chance to eat at Lim's Chinese Buffet, just two blocks west on Greenway Rd.  It's possibly the most controversial restaurant on Yelp Phoenix, currying ratings all the way from one to five stars!  As for me... if you think that In-N-Out (well done) fries are the best in the world, wait 'til you taste the ones at Lim's!  Yum-a-mundo!!  Then, there's the "Spam Lo Mein"!  You didn't get THAT in L.A., or Teaneck, or wherever you're from!  I love the place & wouldn't THINK OF shopping at IRCA without having lunch at Lim's afterward!   :-))
4	After seeing IRCA's full page ads in the weekly circular, I decided to check this place out. So I called James and told him not to be hung over for a little adventure to this store. After all, I was in the market for a large mirror. Upon entering, we were immediately greeted by their friendly staff. And the very first mirror just inside the door caught my eye. We cruised the aisles looking for items either of us would consider buying and items that we wouldn't. We discussed the likelihood of armoires becoming a thing of the past now that flat-screen TVs are becoming the norm, and James all but spoon-fed himself a serving of one of the employees. I can't take him anywhere. IRCA also offers a catalog from which one can order new items. The prices are competitive. I ended up getting that first mirror ($60) and it looks swell in my apartment. We will be returning to see what new items have found their way here.
4	we just went to look but will definitely be back when we need to get furniture.  worth a visit anytime!
3	This place has EVERYTHING. If you're moving into a new home and have no furniture at all, I would suggest this place. They carry sofas, vases, pictures, sectionals, love seats, recliners, dining tables, beds, coffee pots, scales, lamp shades, curtains, blankets,....EVERYTHING.We saw some decent pieces, but still wanted to shop around. Because the merchandise is coming from hotels there is more than 1 of just about everything. We didn't feel rushed to buy anything. The reason I gave it 3 stars is because the majority of furniture is bulky, over sized and a little dated. Just because it didn't work for us doesn't mean it may not work for someone else. The prices are unbeatable and I would suggest looking here in addition to other places.
4	This is a DIY'ers dream place - lamps, chairs, tables, (anything that would have been in a major hote/resort's rooms) that can easily be redone to fabulous; a wide variety of furniture, carrying many major brands like Flexsteel.  I'm a regular drive-by shopper at IRCA after being referred by friends.  They also carry new, unused items along with the furniture from prominent AZ, UT & Vegas resorts & hotels; each are tagged from their property of origin.I'd bought a repo home & needed to replace the bathroom mirrors - plenty of selection.  Found a 3'x5' wide mirror, just made for the master bath - all I had to do was hang cleats on the wall to accomodate the mirror.  This 50 lb monster isn't going anywhere and cost less than $90!   The second mirror is 4' sq with a beautiful frame & cost less than $25 - where can you find a mirror in excellent condition for that price? I wince when I see people looking at their mattresses - why would you buy a used mattress, especially one that had been in a resort or hotel room for years?  Yew!The best deals are found by regularly checking out their inventories, they change quickly & the best pieces, even those in quantities, don't last long.  They recently acquired a large quantity of log-cabin style furniture pieces from a resort in UT, complete with original leather webbing & a Pendleton-type fabric - they would have sold originally for $1500 a chair & ottoman.  Some needs work due to wear & tear.  The staff are always professional & ready to help pull down enough of the same chair, lamp, table etc until you find exactly the one that needs to come home with you.
5	Why 5 stars? Because if you are looking for a deal, this is the place. I wished I had stopped before. I bought a sleeper in a very good condition (the mattress was like new) for only $130. As other reviews said, they carry used furniture and accessories from hotels, but  they also carry new furniture like Coasters. The personnel is friendly and professional.
4	Still enjoying shopping here at IRCA!  This big warehouse is chock-full of interesting, high quality used hotel furnishings including smaller items such as lamps, paintings, pots and pans, dishes...  you name it.  Their prices are low & of course I recommend that you double your adventure by combining your visit here with lunch at  the ever-present Lim's Chinese Buffet just down the street, either the best or worst restaurant in the Valley, depending upon who's rating it!     :-))
5	Dropped back into IRCA here today in search of several just-right pictures for available spots in the living room and the bathroom.  Found EXACTLY what I had hoped for, and at LOW prices!  That's how well I OFTEN do when I shop at this fun store, so it's 5 Stars this time!     :-))
5	Great place to pick up sold furniture. ...Love just going in to look, and everyone is so helpful. ...they will load it in your car or tie it down for you ...why pay retail when you have this place.....
