2	While the atmosphere was clean and the staff was friendly, the experience left me unsatisfied. The tech who worked on my feet was especially considerate and took his time to ensure that my pedicure turned out awesome! However, I was very dissatisfied with the manicure, which was done by a different lady. She was friendly and talkative, but honestly just did a terrible job. It's like she wasn't paying attention to what she was doing even remotely. The polish on my manicure was overly thick and took forever to dry--and it dried a little lumpy. Initially the edges were uneven, but one of the employees noticed and fixed the edges before I left the establishment. I was told that my nails were dry, but as soon as I left the salon I botched the overly thick polish. My friend and I returned to have 3 nails touched up, and the employee who fixed them was unnecessarily rude about it.Overall while I received a great pedicure, my manicure (and manicure experience) was not up to par with their prices or my expectations. I don't often get my nails done, but when I do I expect them to be done perfectly (and fixed when not perfect); otherwise, I could do them myself.Note: they only accept cash tips!
2	Not very impressed with the services there. I got a mediocre manicure and pedicure, barely better than I could do myself. They couldn't find my appointment even though I had called earlier that same day and they told me that was a good time. The people working there seemed extremely rushed and as I was finishing my manicure, at least 5 people came in saying they had appointments and none of the manicurists were available. When I sat down for my manicure, the woman working with my tool out one of those drills to sand down my nails and when I asked her what she was doing, she said that she was giving me fake nails and needed to sand my real nails down. It was very hard to convince her to just give me a normal manicure. Not worth the price or a very rushed service. The one positive was that they had a great Essie peach color that is now my favorite nail color. I just bought it and now I'm going to go to another nail salon the next time I need a manicure.Also, even though they take credit cards, they only take tips in cash.
5	Just had one of the best Mani/pedis I've ever had. Hot stone for arm and leg massage was not expected but felt fantastic. I've only had hot stone pedicures at fancy spas that charge a ton for it. People were friendly and gentle when it came to cuticle care. definitely recommend.
1	One of the worst nail salons I have ever come across in the greater Madison area. Completely inept and unprofessional. I echo the other comments written here, they take "appointment" yet do not have any concept of timing or honor the time slots they have promised. Even worse - they do not care. I spent my college years working in the service industry, I am completely willing to give benefit of the doubt and wait an extra 10-15 mins, no problem. However, today over 30 minutes elapsed from the time of my scheduled appt with no explanation. Two technicians were meandering around, halfheartedly doing the nails of two college students who had been walk ins. The phone rang incessantly, a very annoying shrill ring followed by the voice announcment "incoming phone call, incoming phone call", this happened literally 10+ times in the 30 minutes I waited. Finally I left having recieved no services and no apologies, I had to get back to my job. The manager called (evidently they did have my phone number written down somewhere??) and begged me to come back, saying he would do my nails for free. I explained politely but firmly, with a complete lack of professionalism by his staff I would never return there - even if he paid me. 100% do not recommend wasting your time at this salon.
3	Just got a pedicure here last night with a few girlfriends and we were impressed! I've never had a hot stone pedi before and I will definitely be back for another, it was so relaxing. My technician also did a great job with the polish and really shaped my nails well. Ambiance is less than ideal. There's random things scattered throughout the store, and a broken ATM machine sitting in the middle of it. Seems slightly disorganized. We were also disappointed when we arrived as we had made an appointment for three pedicures at 7:30 PM and when we got there all of the technicians were busy and they said we would have to wait. Isn't the point of making an appointment that you don't have to wait once you get there? So that was annoying, luckily we didn't have to wait too long (10ish min). So, come here if you'd like a good pedicure, haven't tried their manicures yet but I plan to. Mine ran around $30 which is fairly normal for a pedi. But don't expect to feel like you're in a spa.
1	I'll keep this review pretty short because my thoughts of Paradise Nails are simple. I did not like my mani/pedi experience. While I was waiting, I noticed that the nail salon had no music playing so that it was awkwardly silent and you couldn't have a conversation without feeling like everybody could hear you. There was also no AC and no record that my reservation was ever even taken. I told the guy doing my nails *twice* that I was getting a manicure as well, and he kept forgetting, sigh... Worst of all, the quality of their nail painting and nail handling was very bad. One day after my mani/pedi, I noticed that there were bubbles in the nailpolish on multiple fingernails. Two days later, my fingernail polish was already chipping. I also noticed on my toenails that they did not take off all of my remaining nail polish... I could still see the red polish under my nice new green color! It looked terrible! They also did something wicked to my cuticles because they won't stop peeling.Bottom line: good location, decent price, but BAD SERVICE and bad quality nail treatment. The manicurists clearly don't actually care about the quality of their work. I will not be coming back here.
3	I just got a pedi here with some friends, and while my nails look great, I wasn't impressed with the overall experience. Not that it was necessarily a bad experience, but I will probably spend my money elsewhere in the future.  First of all, it felt rushed. There was a hot stone massage and a calf exfoliation (which smelled wonderful) but it was short lived. The entire pedi lasted about 20 mins. The technicians were dressed unprofessionally, and the environment was not very spa-like. Especially with employees' lunch laying out on the counter and kids hanging around staring at you. Another note: They don't take debit cards. They have a no-fee ATM, so that you can take cash out to pay (or pay with credit card). The ATM machine only dispenses 20's, so when I asked them for change the technicians were pulling wads of bills out of their pockets ... Again, it just seemed unorganized and unprofessional. So, it was not necessarily a bad experience, (my nails look great and my feet softer) but not the greatest experience. If you're in a hurry, this may be a good place to go, but if you're looking for more of a spa treatment, maybe look elsewhere.
1	My shellac peeled within 2 days. I stopped by the salon to show the manicurist and he fixed it. The following day another fingernail started to peel. Once again, I stopped by. Who's got time for this?Not good.
2	I paid $35 for a shellac job that looks grown out, which leads me to believe they purposely didn't paint near my cuticles so that id have to come back earlier. Cuticle job and rest of the manicure were fine.The staff was friendly but didn't speak great English. The service wasn't terribly fast or slow but I did somehow end up entertaining the technicians 8 year old daughter that was clearly bored and chatting up all of the clients. Not the most professional way to handle a business.
3	This place was pretty good. It's a good location for people on campus! The people were pretty nice and did a nice job on my manicure. It was an average place! A couple dollars overpriced at $15. I've had perfect $13 manis before. Not much to say!
1	I will not be returning. Both staff members that took care of me were very rough. The man doing my nails completely ripped up my cuticles and I still have pain and scabs 3 days later. He continually told me to relax my hand or he couldn't help from cutting me. Overall my nails and toes look ok, but the painful experience was enough to keep me from ever coming back.
