3	Standard Subway.I've never had a problem with my food- but there's sometimes a wait.Less of a drink selection than other subways.
3	Nothing bad or good to say about this Subway. It is a typical Subway. I am just happy there is one close to my house and it honors the 5 dollar foot long deal! I once went to a Subway that offered garlic as a condiment. This one needs to add it to their menu. It makes the Meatball Sandwich so much better.
2	I've gone to this location several times and been met with bad attitudes and lazy employees. The location on Ft. Apache is much better.
2	Let it be known that not all Subway stores are created equal!I was sorely disappointed when I stopped in here for lunch last week (Tuesday Evening) for some dinner.I had my usual Oven Roasted Chicken Foot Long on Wheat with: lettuce, tomato, onion, green bell pepper, cucumbers and sweet onion sauce.  $5 DOLLAR FOOT LONG!We were the only ones in the store and it took forever for us to get through our order.  It seems like one of the employees were new on the job.  The final straw for me giving two stars was that this location had NO LIGHT LEMONADE!I'm wish this place would include the lemonade... I'll give this place the benefit of the doubt and try this location again - although I'm almost tempted to just drive 2 miles down the road to the one on S. Fort Apache and Sunset.  I think definitely one of the people behind the sandwich counter was new.
2	Horrible service....only come here when I have to. The subway down the street on Warm Springs and Cimmaron is A LOT better!
1	Pathetic service, employes put very little toppings on so you have to repeatedly tell them for more. Got charged 5.75$ for a spicy Italian. They need to learn their shit or this place is destined for failure. Would never recommend this location to anyone.
5	This subway is the best everyone is very nice I love going to that subway every time I go for lunch they 2 lady's there already know what I want there very fast and nice
4	Nick is the best employee. He makes sure to take care of my sweet six inch delight. He hooks it up with the veggies and special sauce.
