4	Friendly and very happy to have new customers.  I was super happy with my fill and my polish change on my toes!  Got myself a cute little jack o'lantern!  I'll definitely be back!
5	I've been going here for about 2 months now and they always take great care of me. Even when one of the techs messed up my nails I went back and Deena (I think that was her name) took care of me and I got everything fixed right away. They always remember me too which is very important to me. I would defiantly recommend them to all my friends!
4	Was there for my first pedi.  My sis told me about this place and asked if I would try it out.  Got there and was greeted right away.  My tech was a guy and he did an awesome job.  HOT STONE message, YEAH!  Why the 4 stars?  It was just a tad warm in there.  Friendly service and they speak ENGLISH!
5	Had the most memorable experience here!! Everyone was so nice and talkative! My tech Sarah was very outgoing and did a fantastic job on my mani/pedi! I will definitely come back again when I am in the area!
4	My first visit has been great.   I helped right away and the attention to detail was great.   I had a pedi, mani and eyebrows.  My technician was friendly and fun.   I'm definitely coming back.  Oh and to boot they offered bottled water and the place did not smell like acetone!!
4	They are friendly and great... Would give 5 stars if they didn't nick my finger and toe! I love my nails and the pedi and mani they gave my boyfriend was so awesome!
4	I'm currently looking for a new nail salon, which can be stressful. Thankfully I found T2 Nails. Not only were they friendly and professional, they did an excellent job for a reasonable price. I am definitely going back.
2	Well I tried this place out based on other reviews and based on the fact that it was close to my house and I have to say this is the first time I have been disappointed by my fellow yelpers. I opted for a deluxe pedicure since my feet were looking pretty sad and that part of it was pretty good. A young guy did it and we were talking about football and my feet did come out pretty soft but he used glue on one of my nails because he said it was lifting. I found it kind of weird as in the last 15 years or so of getting my nails done I have never had someone do that but that was fine I just went with it. Now on to my gel manicure. I have been getting these done for a while too so I am pretty familiar with how they should look and feel. So to start I told her I wanted to keep the same shape just wanted them shorter and they came out looking nothing like it and I have some pretty sharp edges. Since I am a nurse and mother of an infant I am going to have to file them myself. Next they will be easy to file myself since the tips weren't painted! I have ALWAYS had the tips painted to help with making the color last. My thumb nail was breaking right at the corner of the nail and she didn't do anything with it except paint over it.  Lastly the sides of some of my nails aren't painted! To top all of that off she was on her cell phone while doing my nails! Really?!?!? I would get fired from my job if I did that! All in all even though the pedicure was decent I can't say it is worth my time or money to go back.
5	I got an eyebrow and gel nail done. I'm soo picky about where I go to get services since I have been to my fair share of un sanitized salons. The staff was friendly and they took their time to make my nails and eyebrows look better than on point! I wish I knew the names of the two but they have gained a happy customer! The 20% off coupon offered by yelp was the icing on the delishly pink and accent gel nail I got
4	my nail lady was really nice and did a good job. The only thing I noticed that I feel like I paid a lot for just a simple manicure/pedicure. As a California native, I'm accustomed to the difference in prices comparing good work to amazing work. I've had amazing work done in Cali for prices a little lower. I'm still new to the area so I'm trying to find that Bingo Nail Salon....However, T2 did a good job...I guess I'm just picky! But overall a good job.
5	I found this place a year ago and I must say I have tried about six other places in the area and this is by far the best one I have found!! They do a great job on shelak you may have to wait because they are very busy all the time but it is worth the wait! A little pricey but all and all I will always come back!!!
3	Tried this place for the first time. I have to say that over all I liked it. I got a full regular set and an eyebrow wax. Sarah was my nail tech and she did them very well. She talked a lot until she realized I was more interested in watching tv that happened to be right in front of me. She then asked if I minded if she put her headphones in and listen to music. I said I didn't. She did them exactly how I asked and I even asked if she could correct one nail and she gladly did so. My only complaint is that at the very end I ended up paying full price instead of getting the 20% off because she didn't calculate it correctly. I didn't notice until I was already in my car. So that's my fault. I would recommend this place however just make sure you know what your supposed to be paying before you actually pay! :) also! My design was really crooked and almost sloppy, although, it was really difficult to do so I'm not upset about it! pics coming soon!
5	Found this salon through Yelp reviews while visiting Avondale, AZ. My daughter and I both enjoyed Pedicures; I had a Fill and design, she had acrylic nails removed and gel polish and design. 1) Everyone spoke English; 2) Everyone was friendly and if you wanted to talk, they talked or vice versa; and 3) the salon was very clean. I didn't catch the name of the woman who provided my pedi, but she did a WONDERFUL job and really paid attention when I said, I really don't like the foot scrubbing, nail trimming/filing part of the pedi! I'm super ticklish and a bit scared of getting cut. She was tender and quick about that part and really provided a super rub down. Sarah took care of my daughter's pedicure and fingernails. She was gentle with the removal, cleaned up the nails very well and painted them with care. Dina did my fingernail fill and design and she was also gentle (no hotspots) and did a great design. The salon price was very competitive to other salons I have visited. I would return to the T2 Nails & Spa again!
2	This place wasn't that great. They have good rates but when I went back to have them fix something the lady argued with me. Not good customer service, I would advice you to find a different place if your looking for a place to feel special
2	I have been coming to them for over a year but the last two experiences have made me decide to find some where else to go from now on. Today I walked in to a completly empty place and stated three times I needed both my hands and feet done. Usually they will do both at the same time which is great for someone like me that is super busy all the time. But today as I watched one guy nap and the two women sit and talk and do nothing I am utterly upset that I wasted my time and money today and still need to get my pedicure done. I will be finding someone new from now on which is sad that the owner takes a day off and the staff doesn't pay attebtion.
1	Found this salon while going to another store in the area.  The first time I went the young guy did a great job.  He was very skilled.  The next time I went he was busy with another customer.  So, as I was exhausted and in need of a fill and pedicure, I had 2 different ladies working on me at the same time.  The pedicure was great!  But the fill itself was ok, but the filing at the tips of my nails left a lot to be desired. The next day I was at work and noticed one of my nails was filed at an odd angle.  Then I started comparing them all side by side and saw that they were all filed at different angles.  I was not a happy camper.  I chose not to call and complain because I figured it would be useless.
