4	If you're looking for a swanky place to lounge before or after your theater trysts, consider popping by The Backstage Bar at Theater Square (across from Heinz Hall on Penn Ave) in the heart of Pittsburgh's Cultural District.  These folks keep things moving along (since most patrons have show times to make), and the food (from Cafe Zao) is delicious.  Although the live entertainment is free (no cover) expect to dish out a tad more than usual for anything you put to your lips.Weekdays it is also a decent place to stop for Happy Hour with your office posse.You might want to check their website for entertainment schedules and current menu when making your theater plans.
3	First of all, I have to say that the bartenders are knowledgeable. Slow working, but knowledgeable. We ordered proper martinis and sidecars and our bartender didn't even blink for classic drinks off the menu full of musical-themed drinks. Prices are high, but we weren't surprised by that. Food was great, portions were kind of off - the brie and olive dish was great but we only got one and half delicious tomatoes.The bar itself is nice - dark, but clean. Small tables, so don't bring a group much larger than 4 I would say. There was some GOOD live jazz (very amplified). Service was lacking, so don't expect anything too quick and snappy if it's busy. We waited a long time for our check, then after asking for it, we waited even longer before we had to say something again. A very. Long. Time. That knocked off a star.
2	Seems like a pretty fun place--but when my wife and I sat outside, we saw our waiter very rarely. Just enough to get one round, and we never saw him again. Thought his shift might've ended but when I went in to close my tab, I saw him hammin it up in the lounge.  They didn't even have a tab for us, so I guess we could've walked away. Anyway, I had a beer so no comment there. Wife had the special--some kind of blueberry lemonade deal. It was good. But pricey.
4	Although the menu was fairly limited, the food was excellent. I had a shrimp wrap with chip, delicious! The bar tenders are great as well.
3	For being such a tiny bar, it packs a lot of punch.  And by punch, i mean beer!  I was surprised at the fact that they have many different variates of beer on tap as well as bottles.  I wouldn't expect that from a bar connected with a theater (CLO Cabaret).  It's a very pleasant surprise to also find seasonal pumpkin beer on tap (yay!).  It's always a downer to go somewhere and they have the usual on tap.They also have live music nights, where they feature acoustic sets and jazz. It's just a nice place to head into before a show at the CLO or in the Culture District. They also have happy hour specials and nice outdoor seating in the little park next door, they has a great view in the summer for people watching!  I can't really speak to the food as being the best (hopefully they'll have Meat n' Taters catering at some point), but the atmosphere makes up for it.  Just a tiny, dimly light place to mix and mingle for a bit pre-show.  I can dig!
4	The first thing I noticed here is that the staff are SO friendly and attentive. Not to mention they have great memories! I went there for the first time in months tonight and the bartender remembered my favorite drink.The atmosphere is classy but they know how to have fun. The food is a bit pricey but good. Love the tiramisu!The last thing I'd like to mention is that Backstage Bar is a great supporter of local talent. They bring in local acts to play in the bar and entertain the patrons before/between CLO Cabaret shows. It's a great way to support the arts and help young acts establish themselves.
3	I'm only giving three stars, and this is why. I didn't have anything to eat here and really only came for part of the late-night happy hour, which was draw enough itself. They have craft beers for only $2.50 every Friday from 9-11pm. Not only is a late happy hour awesome for those of us who can't make it out immediately after work, but anytime I can grab a Brooklyn Brown for under $3, I'm a happy guy! The outdoor seating is also nice, especially during downtown events such as the gallery crawl.
4	This was the perfect place to end the evening, My wife and I got lucky and won 2x25$ tickets to see "The Book of Mormon" after the show let out it appeared everyone was walking over to the Backstage bar. They had some drink specials going can't recall the details, but it was like 3 or 4 bucks a beer located on the first two rows of the display... Not many jumped out to me and I know why these were picked as the discounted choices, but its a nice spot to get cheap drinks. and they have TONS of beers in bottle and on TAP,  I decided to drink more local and went with "monkey boy" it was a great wheat beer from a Pittsburgh native brewery - East End Brewing Company, it hit the spot. My wife on the other hand decided to have the bartender Kevin who FYI was amazing whip up some kinda of pomegranate thing with lots of booze, she said it was wonderful and enjoyed it greatly. I would go back to this place it has a great atmosphere darkly lit and the soundtrack in the background was great.
3	If we could give half stars, I would say this place is about a 3.5. I've only really visited during Jazz Fest and one time for Jazz Live on Tuesday nights. I had fun! I love the moscato wine they have, it's really delicious. And they have started carrying a menu supported by Meat & Potatoes so you can't lose, ya know? We tried the nachos and the hanger steak - omg, were they good, especially those nachos. I know, it's nachos, but you can tell they use fresh ingredients AND they make their own cheese sauce. Yummy.Our last server there (who was actually the bartender, but someone left him stranded) was very attentive and friendly. He remembered us from our first visit, which was nice. I think Backstage Bar is a good change of pace from the rest of the scene downtown - very chill, low-key, laid-back, etc. etc. I say give it a try, especially if you're looking for a more ... mature, maybe? ... classy atmosphere.
5	The staff is incredibly friendly and accommodating. When I pointed out that my drink came in a cracked glass, the bartender apologized immensely and threw the glass away immediately. She then comped my next drink. My food came out quickly and was delicious. I came for a jazz performance which didn't disappoint! Although at 32, I was one of the younger members of the crowd, I didn't feel out of place. Would highly recommend this as a place for jazz on Tuesday evenings!
4	This is a hidden treasure downtown and great place to go before a CLO show.  It is not usually very crowded and you can get a drink quickly. They have a decent draft selection and fun cocktails-usually named after the current show going on.  My favorite is the craft beer case which always has a ton of great beer-this past visit they had pumpkin, blueberry and banana bread beers. The servers are friendly and the prices are very reasonable.  It is small but if there isn't a seat at the bar they have small tables around the sides.  Happy hour is actually late night from 9-11.
4	Brian the Bartender is a whirling dervish of a man!  This is a friendly bar that is a very nice place to have a cocktail either pre or post show.  There is no shortage of interesting people to talk to and there are late night drink specials.  I will definitely be back.
5	The Backstage Bar is my favorite bar in the city. I love to come here before or after seeing shows downtown. The drinks are good, the food is good (their menu is now presented by Meat & Potatoes. Nom!), and the staff is delightful. I love to come here during off days when it's slow to allow more time to chat with the bartenders, they are quippy and sassy! But even when it's super busy because of something exciting going on in the cultural district, the service is still pretty quick and they can handle a rush. They have a nice selection of wine, which I appreciate, and they offer about eight different draft selections. Their specialty cocktails change with whatever show is going on at the Cabaret Theater, so there is always a nice variety when you go back. Another great thing about their drinks is that lot of their stuff is handcrafted, like house infused liquors and homemade simple syrups. With such a variety, the staff is always very helpful in helping you pick out the right drink for you!I was just here this week with my boyfriend before seeing a show at Pittsburgh Playwrights Theatre and had the best time. We had some wine, Justin had a beer (Abita Grapefruit IPA. Grapefruit, yuck! IPA, yuck!) , and I tried one of their specialty cocktails for their show "Judge Jackie Justice." We also shared their House-made rosemary + sea salt chips with their own french onion dip and a margherita pizza. The chips were amazing and the pizza was great, although I didn't care for the extra large pieces of basil. The atmosphere is great. They feature art from local artists along the main wall, the lighting is nice (it's dim, but without being so dark that you can't see the person you're talking to. I'm looking at you MadMex Oakland!), and sometimes they feature live music. If you find yourself downtown with some time to kill or you're looking for a good place for pre or post show food and drinks, give The Backstage Bar a try. You won't regret it!
4	Amazing service, cool craft selections, great service and a show right after your drinks ! I loved this place, the Caberet was an added bonus and it was superb overall. Anyone looking for a cool atmosphere and a neat drink list (craft beers included), this is your place!
3	My H and I stopped at the Backstage bar after seeing a show at the CLO and before reservations at M&P for a drink or two.  I don't have a strong opinion on the place.  I had a few Troegs IPA's and the H had a Miller Lite.  I guess if I had to say anything I thought the place was a little expensive.  A domestic draft over $6.00?  Are we at the ball game?  I wasn't a fan of the prices.  Meh, what can you do it was so incredibly convenient to go there in between.  We didn't even need to go outside because it's all connected, making the transition simple.  The place is modern and clean, service was nice but a tad on the slow side.  Not a big of deal in this situation.  I would go back if I found myself again waiting for my reservations at M&P.
3	This bar is super convienent if you are attending or performing at an event at the Benedum Center.  The drinks are pricey considering the alcohol content is practically non-existent usually.  But this bar is great because it's convenient!  There isn't a whole lot going on downtown at night, and this bar is consistently clean.They have salsa dancing and some other random events from time to time as well.  The atmosphere is cool and laid back.  It's a fine place to stop at if you're in the area and want a drink.I THINK it's non-smoking.  At minimum, no one has ever been smoking in there when I've gone in.  So score!!
