5	Great little shop that provided pretty good service. They do quick work and everything works again.
5	Excellent service and I was out in 20 minutes!!! The employee's were very helpful and knowledgeable. I highly recommend this place.
4	Great deal. Bought the Groupon to fix my son's I pod and it was done in a few hours. Like new!
5	Just shattered my phone today, these guys had it fixed within an hour. Super friendly. Reasonable prices!!! Highly recommend!!!
5	I have been to this place several times and every time they are the best in town. I like the friendly staff and there professional attitude. I have recommended any and everyone I know and meet. You need your things fixed take it to this place they will treat you right and fix it right.
5	they were friendly; did the work in an hour and I was done.  great experience.
5	THESE GUYS ARE MIRACLE WORKERS!After embarrassingly dropping my new IPhone 6 into my toilet (figures that I am catching a plane tomorrow for a week out of state), I quickly googled phone repair shops in the Las Vegas area . I found IPhone doctor and rushed my phone to their location. Feeling completely defeated, I was completely surprised when the employees told me that they could run a diagnostic, and that water damage is not the end of the world. After driving back home, I received a phone call saying that they would be able to fix it same day at a very reasonable price (significantly less then the cost of the phone). I was so amazed-- after all, traveling without a phone is not the most ideal situation. If you are ever in need of amazing customer service at a time when you feel like your lifeline, i.e. phone, has been utterly shattered, then these guys should be the first you call!
5	These guys are super amazing! I dropped my iPhone 5S in a bath tub then fried the charger port by charging too soon. They diagnosed and fixed within a mere few hours!!! And for a great price!!! Cost me way less than the insurance deductible would have been. I would use them again and I HIGHLY recommend them!
