5	I can't say enough about this business. They really know their stuff, professional and also social. As a homeowner, I occasionally have need for an electrician, a job too big for me to tackle on my own for instance. In the summer of 2008 I'd completed an exterior remodel and obtained a jacuzzi that required 220. I also wanted to equip the same patio with three ceiling fans and a couple extra outlets. After talking with them in person on the patio, checking out the job, I knew I'd be in good hands. Shortly after, I received a thank you email and thereafter, a very professional bid, and we scheduled the job shortly after. In no time at all, my jacuzzi was bubbling and heating, and my j-boxes were ready to receive ceiling fans. I could say so much more about this company, they're really well put together and I'd recommend them to any home-owner. Their reviews on the ROC websites enforce the fact that this is a company worthy of a bid.
5	These ladies are AWESOME! They came over a few months ago to re-wire my ceiling fans and were so professional. They were polite, clean and very knowledgeable. After they were finished, I talked to them about an outdoor project and immediately they showcased their years of experience, rattling off industry know-how and even offering to create a bid. I highly recommend this company for anyone who needs an electrician they can trust and likes to support girl power!
5	I LOVE Two Sparks!  I live in an old house (built in 1935), and before we found Two Sparks, we used several different electricians, many of whom complained about working in an old house.  Boo hoo for them!  Michelle and Brigid own and operate Two Sparks and they do all the work themselves.  They know what they are doing, and they are terrific to work with.  We've had them do big and small jobs at our house, and all their work is top-notch.  They don't talk down to you, they explain what they are doing and why they are doing it, their work is excellent, and their prices are competitive.  Frankly, I won't use anyone else ever again.  They are that good.
5	I have had the pleasure of doing business with Two Sparks, Brigid and Michelle.  The have been to my house at least twice, possible three, and I have another job for them soon.  I feel very confident in their skill and honesty.  I would not hesitate in calling them again.  Actually, I need them to come out again for kitchen lights and couple of other points to add.
5	We had Michelle and Brigid out to our home to do some electrical work.  They came to our home the same day we contacted them.  We were very impressed with their trouble shooting.  Once the problem was identified they worked as a team to fix it.  They are professional and very friendly in addition to being excellent electricians.  We asked for extra business cards so that we can recommend them to friends and family.  They rock!
5	I've used Two Sparks' services several times (in 3 different houses!) and each time they were efficient, pleasant, and reasonably priced. They are friendly and explain exactly what they are doing. They both have a great sense of humor and never "talk down" to their customer (me!). I will always call on them for electrical work and highly recommend them to anyone in need of an electrician.
5	Wow! I needed a few electrical items fixed on a Binzer for a house I am selling, and I needed it done fast. Michelle came out THE SAME DAY and rocked out the items for me in a professional manner with very competitive pricing! HIGHLY recommend!
5	There are so many positive things I could write about my experience with Two Sparks.I contacted them to do the following:- Remove existing pendant lights and replace with recessed lights- Finish off two open junction boxes to recessed lights (in closet) and florescent light (garage)- Secure some loose outlets- Troubleshoot 3 mystery switches that seemed to do nothing- Swap a ceiling fan from one room with a light fixture from another.Booking the appointment was dead easy.  Michelle arrived on time and ready to work.  She really knows her stuff.  As other reviewers have noted, she's knowledgeable, thorough, she takes her time and explains things to you in a way that is educational, not condescending.  She also offers alternatives and suggestions.The job took about 3+ hours but everything was completed successfully, with very high quality and at a very, very reasonable price - she even ran our vacuum cleaner to clean up some drywall dust - amazing!  Whether I needed to change a light bulb or re-wire my entire house, I would totally trust Michelle & Two Sparks to do it.They are AWESOME!
1	I was so excited when my mother told me about Two Sparks, having done quite a few things in her home, I was thrilled to have a referral from someone tried and true. I excitedly called (on a Sunday) and left a message explaining what we needed: a light fixture in bathroom replaced with a single gang (?) power outlet, GFCI if possible (this home is old so there are no GFCI outlets at present).  I did not expect a return call until the next business day.  I gave my boyfriend's number since I work late most eves.  Bright and early Monday morning, my boyfriend received a call from Michelle to set up an appointment for Thursday at 4PM.  He works in Queen Creek until 3PM so rushed home to make the appointment only to find....NO CALL.  NO SHOW.At 5:30PM I called home to ask how it went.  My boyfriend explained that no one had come by or called, but he was giving benefit of the doubt with traffic, etc.  I then called them to see if he should continue waiting or reschedule and left my number and my bf's number (again - maybe they lost it?)  NO RESPONSE.My boyfriend then called (thought perhaps that number would be more recognizable since he's been called by them Monday).  NOTHING.It is now four days later and we've never been contacted.  While I hope nothing serious happened to them (accidents do happen, and that I understand) I find it unacceptable to have made an appointment that was not kept, and then never followed up with any apology or follow up.  It's simply not how business should be done.  While I'm sure their business won't suffer from this negative review, be prepared for a possible no call no show.  JUSSAY'N.
5	I have worked with Michelle on several occasions over the couple of years since my former trusted electrician retired!  She has always done great work, been timely and helps me find the best and most economical solutions to our needs. She even came out once to fix a circuit panel that turned out not be broken and she didn't charge me for the visit! I can't speak highly enough of the work and service. I am sorry that Heather had such a disappointing experience since these are great gals with exceptional experience. Sometimes weird sh*t happens and if I were in her shoes I'd feel the same way. From my end though - I am super happy with their work and service.
2	So 10 days after this review posted, Michelle called and let me know that there was a problem with their phone system and let me know that if we still needed the work done (we do) to give her a call.  She was very cordial.  I am so glad that she followed up and that no big tragedy happened!
5	Excellent company, highly recommended. Michelle explained everything that she was doing, made a recommendation, fixed it and answered all my numerous questions. She called and let me know when she thought she may be running late and was very professional and pleasant during her visit. Services are priced slightly lower than other companies I called and it has to be said that as a woman, I would much rather work with another woman than a man.
1	After reading all these wonderful reviews, I tried calling them and their mailbox is full, has been full and I anticipate from a previous review that there is something seriously wrong at this business.   After trying to reach them for the past month, I am going to have to call somebody else.
5	I work with vendors and contractors on a daily basis and, while I've only used her for work once (so far!), if that job is any indication, Michelle is a standout.  I recently used her to pull power to the side walls in my garage, 4 outlets and 3 dedicated circuits.  Conduit was run outside the wall and the outlets were installed externally so I didn't have to deal with lots of drywall cuts.She did a very thorough job that ended up looking great, which my wife especially appreciated.  She used METAL conduit, which I appreciated, and lined everything up uniformly on both walls.Her rates were competitive with the others I solicited.Bottom line, Michelle did an outstanding job at a reasonable rate and I look forward to working with her on many jobs in the future.
4	UPDATE:  Got a referral from another company to call these gals and thought I'd try again - happy to have been called back right away.  Although we'd already scheduled something with someone else, I am so glad their phone system is back on track and all's well!
5	I was going to give a shout out to my 2 favorite girls over at 2 sparks, but once i got here I saw there was no need. I've never seen someone with all 5 stars from people who used them and not one complaint about them or their work or anything. I can totally believe that. I've used them numerous times and was always pleased. I've used them in a non profit i worked for, in 3 commercial buildings i have, 2 apartments complexes i manage and also some rental condos i manage. Every time  I was nothing less than happy with their work and their rates. Never had a problem, never will. These girls are the best... hands down, none better. I wouldnt even bother to call anyone else. Even if they are booked and you have to wait a day or two, as long as it's not an emergency, you will be glad you waited for the best. I guarantee it.
5	Michelle is excellent. The first time I talked to her she told me it would be a couple of weeks before she could get to me but have me suggestions for trouble shooting the problem. Several weeks (and 2 electrians later), when I still couldn't fix it I called her back. She came out and had it fixed in an hour. She went through the problem step by set with me and gave me options. Not only did she save me money, I know my house and how to take care of its issues better now.  I will definitely use 2 Sparks for my electrical needs.
5	I've continued to work with Michelle at Two Sparks and remain very pleased with her prices, the professional quality of her work, and (most importantly) her integrity.  Call Michelle - you can't go wrong.[Still] enthusiastically recommended!
5	We have used Two Sparks on two separate occasions to update the old wiring/panels on 1950's houses. Great job both times.  A contractor actually commented on Michelle's work, and said it looked very professional. Can't disagree!
