5	We took a small group here last night to check out the newest Comedy Zone venue in Charlotte.  We have been regulars and long time fans of the Lake Norman Comedy Zone above the Galway Hooker in Huntersville, and this place looks to be owned by the same group as I saw some familiar faces around the house running things.Located in the basement of the Saloon bar at the NC Music Factory, the new layout is very nice.  Seating is separated into an upper area and lower area, but not an extreme difference in the two maybe 4 steps, just enough to clear the heads of the lower level viewers.  All seats provide a pretty clear view of the stage.We came to see Grandma Lee, but I actually got free tickets through their facebook site so make sure to LIKE them for constant promotions and giveaways. I had a feeling she was going to be more a novelty of her age, than an actual comedian, and unfortunately I was right.  Luckily, they must have known this, because they gave the first two opening comics a long time for their material, and it made it worth coming down to the show because they had the house laughing and were both very funny comedians.Our server Cristina was amazing, and I think she stopped at our table about 20 times just to check on us despite having a pretty full house. Drinks are about $3.50 for domestic, $5-6 for imports, We had a couple sandwiches/burgers off the menu and they were both pretty good, they even have sweet potato fries.Overall, this was a just a dry run for us to check out the new venue, but it is a much nicer location than any we have seen so far in Charlotte.  We already have tickets to see John Witherspoon from "Friday", Steve-O from "Jackass", and we heard them announce the Wayan Bros might be on the schedule soon.We will definitely be back as I know the owners are working hard to finally bring a central hub for comedy to Charlotte.  I hope everyone starts to come out and support them so the acts can continue to become larger. Overall it was a pretty fun night, and we are looking forward to the upcoming celebrity performances they already have on the schedule.
4	This place replaces the old Comedy Zone that was near a seedy uptown  motel. It's located in what is known as the NC music factory- a slew of bars, music venues & restaurants that has become the destination for a night out in Charlotte. You'll have to walk through a Saloon bar to get to the entrance to the club , which is downstairs. The layout is good, wait staff is attentive. Great location, reasonable drink prices & decent food (considering you're in a comedy club - on par with TGIF's) Good national & regional acts. This is basically the only game in town for comedy. That being said, Comedy Zone delivers.
3	I came here to see some friends from the Renaissance Festival in their nationwide tour, Almost Homeless Comedy Tour.  They were awesome, of course, but they would be awesome in the middle of a field with no microphones or seats.  This review is for the venue.It's kind of an adventure getting to the place, the entrance tucked into the back of the Saloon in the NC Music Factory.  The room itself is good, there's a good view of the stage from pretty much every seat in the house.  The service was bad...there were only 3 waiters and we flagged two of them down and they refused to serve us as we "weren't in their section."  actually, scratch that...we WERE in the one server's section, but he promised to come back in 2 minutes and then...never did.  We went upstairs to get our drinks, and were almost done with THOSE beers when we finally got another waitress to take our orders, which she did nicely and capably even though we weren't in "her section".  SO she gets kudos for sure.  Our table companion got his food a full 30 minutes before the rest of us, but when the food came we were so weak and hungry that we couldn't even complain, we just fell on the food like starving hyenas.  The food was delicious, at least, a pleasant surprise.  I don't know exactly what I was expecting but it wasn't anything that good.  The fries were the best kind: natural cut, skin-on.  I got the western burger which didn't have bacon on it which seems pretty heinous but it was still flavorful and satisfying without.  The crowd was mostly fellow Rennies, but also some randoms who were really loud and obnoxious and annoying.  I don't know if some people realize that they're at a comedy club and not an open forum/regular bar where you can screech at random and no one bats an eye.  Really, really annoying.  All in all it was a good experience, but not a GREAT one.
4	How to have fun for under $15? Right here...well most shows I think anyway.  We went out for the frist time on Saturday night to go see a comic, that truthfully, I had never heard of.  Didn't stop me, I like to laugh, and I'm going to do my best to find an avenue to do so.  We got there and were excited to realize that the holding area right outside (but inside) of the Comedy Zone is The Saloon...a nice size bar with live music.  Cool!  This is a nice time to primer yourself up if you know what I mean.  The show was fantastic.  The layout is like a basement so it gives you that local improv type feel.  I'll be back for sure.
5	What a great way to spend an evening out!!!  The Comedy Zone is located through the Saloon bar.  We were lucky enough to catch the Saloon with a live band the night we were there.  Get there early and have a few beers before the show!  Everything will seem MUCH funnier.  We caught the comedy show for ten bucks and the place was half full for the second seating.  The service was a little slow but the waitress was super sweet.Prices for the show probably vary based on who they have in that night but you are definitely up for a fun time!
1	We wanted to do something fun for our wedding anniversary so we planned an overnight trip to Charlotte because we really wanted to go to the Charlotte Comedy Zone.The Good:I purchased our tickets on their website and set them up for will call - all very user friendly and easy.  There is ample parking close to the venue in free lots, on the street and valet.  The drink prices are reasonable and the menu looked good (we had already eaten so we didn't order food.)The Bad:The NC Music Factory Blvd address isn't yet listed/found via Google.There are 3 different addresses listed in various places online and you'll have a hard time finding it if you use Google or Googlemaps.  The only correct address is listed on their website on an obscure page.The seating is a little tight because the tables are very close together.  The show was sold out so there were a lot of people all squished up together - it quickly became overly warm - many people were using their menus to fan themselves to cool off.  Speaking of menus, the one at our table was covered in some kind of sticky sauce  - keep in mind that we didn't eat there so it was obviously there from a previous night.  The Ugly:When we first sat down I overheard guests at a neighboring table warning arriving guests that the service was terrible.  I found out first hand that that was an understatement.  About 20 minutes before the show started, my husband and I each ordered a beer and he also ordered a coke.  When our server returned she brought only one beer and a diet coke and ran off to serve another table without saying a word to us.  We had to flag her down and ask her for the other drink and she said she didn't understand our order (as if it were complex.)  My husband mentioned that he had ordered a regular coke and she countered that he ordered a diet coke and didn't offer to fix it.  He just kept the diet coke and figured he'd order a regular one the next time she came around.  She never came back around - not to our table or any of the tables around us.  For 2 hours we sat there and watched the show with no service at all.  Other servers were taking care of their sections but our section had no server.  About an hour and a half into it my husband went to the back to find someone to get us a drink - but no one came.  We were thirsty because it was so hot in there so we ended up leaving before the show ended.  On our way out I dropped off some cash to a different server to cover our drinks and at first she acted like I was going to have to wait for my server so I told her what was going on and she apprehensively took care of it for me.All in all, we won't be going back there.  The comedians were funny but I was not at all amused by the lack of service.
3	I've been to a few other Comedy zone shows ( Two in Noda- the improvisation shows), I've also been to three or four shows at the Lake Norman location (headliner shows). Sadly in comparison, this show really failed to deliver. It picked up toward the end once they switched to a game-style improv show, but even then the talent seemed a bit green still. They have all been through a comedic training program  but it was clear they might not have all been ready to actually perform for a paying audience. The first half-hour was almost painful- I dare say the worst show I've seen-ever-anywhere (sorry :/). They went on...and on...and on about a jacket and it just was not funny. I have to admit I wondered if they had a few family members in the audience as our table of six just didn't laugh (and we are silly non-serious types). The location is cool - down below The Saloon ( stairs in right hand corner) in a low key underground room with plenty of seating offering great views. The audience on a Sunday was expectantly sparse but hey that just meant we got an even better seat! Our server was very attentive so absolutely no complaints there!  I would try it again - because for the most part I've had good luck with the comedy shows in Charlotte. Hopefully with some more practice those comedians can begin to improve their craft.
4	I went to see John Reep and he was worth the money spent.  It is located in the basement of the Saloon at the NC Music Factory.  It was awkward getting there because you had to enter inside the Saloon and I was looking for a specific entrance.  Once inside the Saloon we had to ask how to get to the Comedy Zone.  It wasn't a very obvious entry.  We reached the rear of the Saloon and everyone was crowding the stairway entry to get in.  It was very hot going down there and I was worried it would be uncomfortable but the air was better inside the club.  There is a food and drink menu available.  There are servers for each table that come by and check on you and keep your drinks flowing during the comedy shows so you don't have to get up if you don't want.  If you haven't been it's worth a try.
5	Great set up , in a basment could use some updating. good food and drinks
4	Our first time here and the first thing you notice is limited parking. You have to park on the street and we did walk a bit.. The other thing I certainly did not like was a "VIP" entrance leading into the club. Really????? You seriously have to make your "regular" patrons walk all the way around to the other side, through the LOUD bar??? Why? I paid for premium seats so why didn't that include this magical entrance? I truly think that you should get rid of this, because it is comical for sure.We were seated promptly with great seats I had chosen right in front of the stage, and hubby and I first commented that the tables weren't as close together as other clubs we go to. It was spread out and larger for sure. The waitress promptly greeted us and the people that sat at our table ordered food, which looked very appetizing. Hubby would have liked to have had a non alcoholic beer or drink but they don't have any. Another great suggestion for the management to consider.The comedians were top notch, and the best part was getting to meet them and having our picture taken with them after the show.We plan on attending again for any special event comedian that may catch our eye.
4	I logged on to Yelp to check out the reviews. From there I clicked on a link to their website and joined the email club. They had some 1st few person to respond with the answer to some question thingy going on andddddd I responded. (W/ the right answer.. duh.. you DO see my Nickname...RIGHT????   RIGHT!!!!!!! lol)Anyway, I won 2 tickets to the show last night. (Co creator of The Chappell Show) He was pretty funny. They had about 4-6 opening acts (rookies). One of them was TOO FUNNY calling one of the ladies that sat in front "Whitney Houston's Mom" (yeah it doesn't seem as funny now... but hey, i'm writing a review, guess you had to be there)... see photo.It is pretty big inside the place. Once you walk through "The Saloon at The NC Music Factory" and down the steps. (I kept thinking maybe this is where Jimmy Hoffa is or maybe Tupac)They have a menu for food and drinks. The FOOD (Wings and Fries) was pretty good. I'm a Fry-guy and these fries were the natural cut kind. They were a little weak. Good but not great. The PRICES was pretty good as well. (about 6 bucks for a Jim & Coke etc... 7 bucks for glass of Wine)The SERVICE is kinda like "Bubba Gumps" where you pull up a card that kinda tells them to STOP by your table. I kinda liked that. I get annoyed when they just keep walking past asking if you are ok. The PARKING is limited.The ENTRANCE is kinda wierd.If you walking along the sidewalk where the parking lot is on the right. Its an ENTRANCE that takes you to Comedy Zone instead of walking around the building and through the Bar. I'm a fan, I'll BEEE BACKKKK, & thinking of joining the comedy class they offer. 8 week class check them out!!
4	My BF and I come here at once/twice a month.  It is a fun and affordable form of entertainment. We have even brought some of our out-of-town friends to shows.  Like other reviewers, the whole going through The Saloon can be a bit irritating& loud. They used to have someone standing at that side entrance. Once the lights are down, it can be pretty dark in the basement causing you to whip out cellphones for a glow of light to read menus.   Maybe they can add some tea lights or more recessed lighting /something, not too much.  I understand they are aiming to make a profit, but we were really packed like sardines at a table for 8 for the Charlie Murphy show(5/26). One of the couples ended up pulling their seats out and seating against Section C. Also, some of the hosts need to learn the layout, luckily we have been here often and know where to lead them. All in all, it's a good time&talent in these parts, so we will continue to support.
4	This spot is one of the reasons I'm falling in love with this city. I always have fun when I go, no matter who I'm with. The food is good, the drinks are good, the entertainment?.... yeah it's good. Only downside is maybe the steps and that whole thing where will-call always closes before my late-running self makes it downtown. They're pretty easygoing about it, though, as long as I have my confirmation email they let me get away with it.
4	Great shows here!  Finally decent performers in this city, the only problem I have is that once I went and it was very hard to hear in the back to the side.  The sound was muffled, so my table and the tables next to us were disappointed.  (Not sure if this has been corrected or not-haven't been back since).  But, if I go, I'll make sure to sit somewhere else.  Still a great place to go...
5	Awesome venue! Always great comedians, service and atmosphere. Go at least once a month.
4	We went to The Comedy Zone thanks to a super 1/2 off Groupon deal. I always like going to comedy clubs but they can be expensive, between the tickets and the drink minimums. Between the Groupon and the fact that The Comedy Zone doesn't have a drink minimum, we were able to enjoy a great night of affordable laughs.The Comedy Zone is tucked away in the NC Music Factory "complex" and is a great entertainment addition. They have a variety of amateur and professional comics rolling through, with the occasional super celebrity. The interior setup is pretty good, and there really isn't a bad seat in the house. Like most comedy clubs the front tables are pretty cramped, but we were seated at this long bar-type area that runs along the perimeter of the floor, so we had a lot of elbow  room compared to some others. They do have food and drinks available, and the servers come by quite often to make sure you are content with what you have...but for us who only wanted one drink for the night (since we went out for food and drink before the show) it was a bit too much. The beer was priced in about the right area (for a comedy club), with us paying $5.00 each for drafts of Blue Moon and OMB Copper. The food menu had the usual bar fare of fried appetizers and burgers, along with some salads, sandwiches and pasta dishes, but we didn't order food since we ate before going to the show. It is worth noting that the food prices seemed a bit steep, and I doubt the quality of the food would compare to an actual restaurant for the price you would pay.  Of course I can't review The Comedy Zone based on the content of the show, since it changes daily depending on who's performing. What I can rate it on is the fact that they provided a great venue for a night of laughs. My bigger concerns is the price of admission, between tickets and any food or drink you decide to order. It is a good-sized venue and they do bring in some pretty big names on occasion, and I totally look forward to going back again.
3	Nothing too special about The Comedy Zone. It's a good, fairly intimate space to see a comedy show. Like others have said, there's not a bad seat in the house.Tickets for events are available online, and you can use the Passbook app on your iPhone instead of printing in advance. That's always a perk for me.If, however, you are sensitive to middle school dance style light shows, you'd be better served to come in a little late. They start off with a "Twilight Zone" intro that develops into bright blinky lights that go on for just a bit too long. I'd recommend shortening the length of that whole ordeal.As for service, the guys on the floor kept beer coming to all the tables. Nobody seemed inordinately put out because the beer selection leaves much to be desired. We averted the crisis by enjoying our craft beers upstairs in the Saloon before heading downstairs for the show.Note that bottled water is served, so don't go thinking you're going to get water in a glass. The show was "Beards of Comedy" and I think it's their farewell tour. Quirky, hilarious guys, all with beards. Caleb Synan joined them for a few minutes and his routine was funny as well. And he also had a beard.
3	I had been wanting to check out The Comedy Zone for a while now and I finally came to see The Beards of Comedy on a weeknight. Where I really dig the layout and format of the interior, there are just a few things that gave a lackluster feel. The fact that they don't serve/allow tap water in a glass is just stupid. I'm not really amped on ordering food, beer, and cocktails since we just paid for tickets and had dinner elsewhere, so paying for a $2 bottle of water (really??) isn't high on my to-do list. Not a big deal in the end, but it's more of a hassle than not drinking anything at all throughout the show.The entrance is still kind of bizarre to me. They built that ramp down to the nearest exterior door but don't utilize it as the main entrance. You still have to walk through The Saloon, get dirty looks from the bar staff, and then walk down the stairs. Meh. I'm not too thrilled about it.At the end of the night, it's a killer comedy club. Hiccups are minor and don't detract from the evening that is yet to be had. Don't sweat it. I'm really looking forward to coming back for another show soon. More improve, please!
5	Best comedy club I've been to!! Excellent staff and great environment!
4	Although I had been to the old Comedy Zone on 9th street many times, I had yet to go to the new one.  We saw Drew Carey here and we really liked the place.  It is much more spacious than the old club with plenty of seating on two levels.  The parking is free up the street.  Depending on the show and nearby events, you will either enter through The Saloon or through a side entrance.  We ate before the show, so I cannot comment on the food.  However, they did have some local beers on tap, and relatively inexpensive at $5.  Our service was good.  Most importantly, both Drew Carey and his opening act Ryan Hamilton were hilarious.
5	Love the comedy zone in Charlotte. Have seen top notch acts and have laughed my butt off. Although the food and drinks are kinda pricey, it is great to get out and laugh so hard. The facility is clean and any seat is a good seat.
4	Give me someone who can make me laugh... and I'll be your friend for life.I'm a big fan of the Comedy Zone. They are having a killer year with shows. Kudos to the crew there for bringing in such great talent and big names in 2013.It's located below the Saloon at the NC Music Factory. Yes, it feels like you are in someone's basement, but not in a "it rubs the lotion on its skin" kind of way.Drinks are reasonably priced. Bottled water only. The menu is your typical bar food, but pretty decent bar food at that. Service is good. I've yet to have a bad experience.The venue set up is great. There is seriously not a bad seat in the house. You can pick yours online when you buy tickets. The local opener will always be hit or miss. The headliner(s) will be worth the price of admission.If you're looking for something different to do, I recommend checking the Comedy Zone calendar and catching a show.My personal must-see list: (I make sure to go every time these guys are in town)Bill Burr (He sells out pretty much every time. Buy immediately when announced)Josh Wolf (you know him from Chelsea Lately, Shark After Dark)Pauly Shore (warning: filthy language)
4	Pretty cool place. I agree, any seat is a great seat. Pretty nice layout. I can't speak to the food because we ate before we got there. We saw Chris D'Elia who was surprisingly pretty funny. I bought the tickets before I checked out some of his performances and was a little nervous he wouldnt be great. He was pretty funny and I had a great time at the comedy zone!
3	Yeah, I have to agree with other reviewers - the entrance thing is just weird.  We had a really hard time finding it when we came here.  When we finally got it, we noticed the space was pretty decent.  We got a table near the front with a good view of the stage.Like other comedy clubs, I find it a little annoying when they pack you into a group with people you don't know.  We got sat next to a large group who was pretty annoyed that we sat so close.  Still, the shows are decently priced and occasionally you can get a Groupon to check this place out for a little cheaper.As with most clubs like this, the food and drinks are overpriced.  I'm pretty sure they also have a drink minimum.  Our friend ordered an appetizer and the food was just sort of "meh."  Nothing special there.Overall, it's a decent place to catch a comedy show, once you finally figure out how to get to it.
4	The comedy zone is located through the saloon bar and it had great comedians! Laughed all night great show!
5	Great comedy place, went there last night to see nephew tommy and boy he was off the hook!
4	First time here and I liked it... its small but well set up, there are a lot of tables that have a great view of the stage. I was surprised the prices were reasonable, I was expecting way overpriced beer/buckets etc... we didnt look at the food menu. As somebody else stated they do only serve bottled water... I can understand that if you have non-drinkers and want to make your money.. but when you have a table of three ordering buckets of beer its a little much to ask for $2 a bottle... maybe at least offer a bigger bottle? (hey, a girl has to stay hydrated when drinking right?).
3	The location of the Comedy Zone isn't bad at all - though you're in the basement, it gives it a sort of underground feeling. Well, it is underground, but underground as in hip, not underground as in below ground. Also, the ceiling isn't high, but it isn't low enough to make you feel especially closed in either, so that works.What doesn't work has already been mentioned - you've paid for tickets (generally - you can find some decent free or nearly free shows if you look hard enough), and then you also have to pay for drinks, even for water (bottled only, no tap), and then you are expected to tip for said water. I don't mind adding a tip for good service. But if you want the money, ask for it up front rather than nickel-and-diming me for it. If the employees aren't getting it, pay them out of that ticket price.Food is reasonable, but don't go expecting anything outstanding - you are effectively in a bar, so go in with that expectation and you'll be fine.As to seats, some are better than others. If you can get closer to the stage, the seats will be better. If you are seated along the back wall, it's not so great - people seated up front will walk in front of you, servers will walk in front of you, people at your table will walk in front of you (get the idea).The shows? Generally pretty darn good - just keep all of the above in mind and it'll be good. The location is probably better than any of the prior ones, so hopefully they'll stay here for a while rather than moving again.
4	I like the comedy zone.  I went this past Saturday and I love the rugged, raw feel of the place.  It is simple yet the atmosphere is fun, friendly and intimate. They have some great comedians headlining and even the ones opening the show are typically pretty funny.  You CAN order food but I don't know that you are going to get the best quality.  I mean, the menu has pictures on it if that tells you anything.  The drink prices are pretty jacked up but that is to be expected.  At least they don't force the two drink minimum down your throat anymore.  Be aware that they do not offer water though.  You have to pay for a $2 bottle of water.  That is a serious rip off but whatever.The servers are friendly and efficient.  Just a great time overall.  They are located in the middle of the NC Music Factory so there is a lot to do in the area before and/or after the show.  Enjoy!
4	Located in the NC Music Factory in the Saloon basement, the Comedy Zone space leaves something to be desired. I feel like to could just feel a lot more upscale than it does. I bought my husband tickets to see Steve Rannazzisi because we both love the league. Normally we are in the nosebleed so when I had the chance to buy up close and personal tickets for $25 I jumped on them. Our friends even were able to get seats at our table which was cool. When we got there the host showed us to our numbered table which was within arms length of the stage. They have an ordering system similar to Cinebarre where when you want/need service you pull your card up and the waitress will see and help you.It took a little bit to get a waitress and it was hard to know which one was yours. Once she established that she was ours, however, she was around quite a bit and was very helpful. The drink prices were in line with what I would expect for something like this. Between $10 and $12 for a fru fru mixed drink, and around $4-5 for a beer. We didn't get any food. The guys ordered off menu, being especially fond of Manhattans. My husband asked the waitress how much they were and she said $8-10. They ended up being badly made, and $11, but when you're engrossed in the show, there's nothing to really do about it. Something I didn't care for was the way the tables were situated. I know this was a popular show but we were crammed in the space, and most of the chairs did not face the stage. I guess if you're eating you have to pick, either to face your food or the comic. I picked the comic but had to turn a weird way to avoid the other people in the audience which gave me a headache by the end of the night. I thought it was a great time for myself, my husband and our friends. I would love to come back, but would perhaps pick a seat facing the stage (they're all pretty much in prime viewing). Also LOVED getting able to get that close to the comic AND getting to take a picture with him after. Highlight. of. the. night.
4	The service is always bad at the Comedy Zone but who really goes to a comedy show for the service. That's why I still gave them comedy zone 4 stars. I absolutely love to laugh and they have never failed there. Don't go expecting great food or beer specials, just accept it for what it is! I think tonight was the worst service by far but Damon Wayans was hilarious!!!!!!
3	Have been here several times. Always enjoy myself. There are a nice variety of comics performing any given week. Considering what you could pay at a much larger venue, the prices are realistic. The atmosphere is intimate. Upon entering there are things going on all around you, from bands to drinks. And the women are plenty. Im on there mailing list and never miss an opportunity to see one of my favorite comics. Once had a waitress back and forth taking orders from table in front of me. Annoying to say the least, but it comes with that intimacy factor. Drinks are ok, nothing to tell your alcoholic uncle about. Overall, I really like the place and will continue to patronize.
4	The Comedy Zone is located in the basement of the new bar (no longer the Saloon) called Texicali Taco & Tequila Bar.  Judging by the Yelp reviews, it will probably change names again...let's just say that the reviews are not positive.  I had a drink in Texicali before the show. The service at the bar was ok but nothing in my experience encouraged me to eat here or come back just for Texicali.Atmosphere - Dark, cool (it is a basement), cement flooring, square tables with metal and pleather pizza parlor style chairs (you know the ones), loud (the comedian's speaker for the microphone is just a hair too loud with touch too much treble.  Hey, I am an audiophile...no...not that kind).Service - The server and the other staff here were attentive, friendly, and quick.Price - Beers here are surprisingly in line with a regular bar and there was no two-drink minimum...at least while seeing a national act.  Note, the bill does come with an automatic 18% gratuity assessed.  I therefore paid a little more not realizing this...but my server was good, so I do not mind. Overall - While my butt was a little sore from sitting on the thinly padded chairs, I had a positive experience here.  The comedian I saw, Charlie Murphy, was funny and the opening act was surprisingly good too.  Though I believe the comedian you see has a lot to do with your overall experience, I think you will have a good time here.
5	Best place to take a date in Charlotte! You will find the nation's top comedic talent here weekly. Awesome food and service!
4	Of course My first time coming to the new Comedy Zone (went to the one in Uptown yrs, ago) it would have to be for someone I know, love & would be a KICK-ASS show.......Dave Attell!The new venue is very nice. It's basically the basement at the NC Music Factory. Above is a not quite great restaurant called Texicali (I don't think it will be there that long). Anyway, The Comedy Zone is a great space. I think anywhere you sit you would enjoy your drinks/food/and comedian. I had a blast. The service was just right without being bothered all the time during the show. I will definitely be back when a fave of mine comes into town to give a laugh.
3	I never like sharing a table with people I don't know, but it's understandable on a place like this. The service was pretty fast when we needed something. My best piece of advice is OH DEAR GODS DO NOT EAT THE FOOD!!!!!!! I REPEAT, DO NOT EAT THE FOOD!!! Marc Maron was great though, we really enjoyed his set. (Seriously, avoid the food.)
