3	This Olive Garden sometimes has problems in the kitchen.  One time I visited they changed the pasta fagioli soup from a hearty meat based soup to a runny tomato based one.  The pasta fagioli soup is my only reason to get soup and salad for dinner because it's usually really good.  So I wrote to corp through their website and they sent me a gift certificate.  I gave this location another try and thankfully it's back to normal.  So go with caution and be prepared to deal with lackluster performance.  I love OG on the whole and give most locations at least four stars, but this one has done it's best to tarnish their image.
1	I was very unimpressed with this Olive Garden location.  The service was subpar- I sat at the bar and the bartender was far more interested in talking to coworkers than the few patrons at the bar.Secondly, the kitchen is one of the worst in the entire company. The Zuppa Toscana was devoid of the spiciness that makes the soup as well as full of fatty sausage.I also ordered the Ravioli di Portobello, it came out stone cold, unacceptable for a baked entree. I sent it back and the second time it came out it was just as cold. I finally spoke to a manager who comp'd my meal. I will never be back to this location.
1	I've been to a number of Olive Gardens across the country and this one by far has me most unimpressed of all. Our server, Derek A. (tall, bald guy), was hopeless to say the least. He didn't mention any specials, didn't get us our drink refills in time and never offered any additional bread sticks or salad. Finally waited forever to ask for a to-go box and our check, only to hear him whine to another person right behind us about how he can't seem to catch a break and how he can't even pronounce my name. Ahem, ok, but don't say it right in front of the customer?? :)Food portions were great and entrees were yummy, but breaksticks were not warm as we've come to expect from Olive Gardens. And did I mention that we didn't get any extra? :DAnyways, horrible experience. Maybe he was having an off day, but I'd suggest asking to be waited by someone else (everyone else seemed wonderful!) and I believe your server's attitude is directly proportional to your dining experience.
4	In some cities (Detroit for example), Olive Garden is the place you go once a year for something really special--wearing your Sunday best.  In Charlotte, Olive Garden is the place you go when you want some fairly good italian food--wearing your shorts and t-shirt.  The Zuppa Tuscana (soup) is really good.  The alfredo sauce is pretty good too.  One thing you must try (if you are of age) is the Sangria.  Excellent.
1	Went here becuase my in-laws wanted to try it out. Not a big fan of Olive Garden but you can't go wrong with their food. We went on a weekend so it was busy. The table they sat us at, smelled so badly!!! I did not even want to put my purse down. The area smelled like throw up or smelly feet. This made my food experience not good. The place is just older and needs some renovations. Please change your carpets!
4	Not all chain locations are created equal but Olive Garden seems to do a good job maintaining consistency. With that said, MY Olive Garden is located in Pineville at Carolina Place Mall. I go there for lunch and typically sit at the bar. I can always just sit right down and not have to wait in line. The food is always good. I love the soup and salad combination - it's perfect for lunch. But the BEST PART OF SITTING AT THE BAR IS BEING SERVED BY VILDEN. Vilden is, without fail, friendly and attentive. Sometimes when I am deciding on where to have lunch, I go because of Vilden. I know she will make me feel welcome and appreciated.
2	The minute you step into this OG, you will get the stench of smelly socks. Very hard to un-notice the smell. Service was poor, the waitress was just trying to get rid of us ASAP, even though we went in at 8PM (not too late for dinner in my opinion). The place is not clean, the table we sat was sticky.Food was in par with the other OGs. Will I go there again ? nah for the amount of money I pay I would go some place else - that at the least doesnt smell.Im giving this two stars only for the food.
4	We dined as a large party of 14!   I had the new parmesan crusted steak with cheese stuffed noodles, it was devine!  The waitress did great and helped make our birthday celebration even better!
4	Love their new deal, 2 for 25. The special menu had pretty good variety of  the appetizer and entree that you can choose. I don't recommend the bruschetta, because there is no Mozzarella, otherwise the whole meal was very pleasant. We got tons of food for very good price, in fact, we were so stuffed that we had to take almost both entire entree home.
2	You know what Olive Garden is and so do I.  Despite being far from authentic, I typically enjoy their food about once or twice a year.  This time we had a gift card, so that was incentive enough to go.  They currently have a 2 for $25 which is okay, but the portions are a lot smaller than their regular entrees.  Yes, you get unlimited salad and breadsticks, but it's just iceberg salad.  The deal also comes with either a small app or a dessert to share.  It was enough for the price, but they should mention the portions are reduced.  Contrary to LR's review, I have ALWAYS taken leftovers home from OG.  I easily ate the whole entree after eating salad and breadsticks.  Unless they just reduced their portion size since the last time I went, these were definitely skimpy and did not come with that much chicken either.  The smoked chicken was decent.Our friend got the unlimited soup, salad and breadsticks for dinner (yes they offer it for dinner for $3 more) but our less than friendly waitress snagged 2 of her breadsticks off of the table before she was finished. Why would you snag breadsticks from right in front of someone in the first place, let alone someone who has them as part of their meal. The spicy sausage soup she first ordered was mostly broth.  All in all, it's not that good and there are better places you could go and not have to wait 45 minutes for a table.  Try a real, local Italian place, like Libretto's up the road or Portofino's on Park Rd.  Their dishes are made by real Italian people, not dreamed up in a corporate kitchen, and they give you your money's worth.  Drive 5 minutes to Libretto's for real Italian food or 10 minutes to The Carolina Bistro.
4	I saw Brian F.'s review and decided to step in and stick up for a restaurant that has really blown me away the past couple visits. I've been at busy lunch/dinner times and have not had to wait more than 15 minutes either times. The service was AMAZING. Emika was our waitress during lunch ( 1 week ago) and Cindy was our waitress for the duration of our dinner experience (two days ago). Both were knowledgeable, friendly, and really went over and beyond. Always replenished our breadsticks and refilled our drinks without us even asking. During our last visit for dinner we got the 2 for $25 deal. Not one complaint. Before ordering from the menu I made sure to ask about the portion size and was reassured that they were the same as the regular dinner portions. ((( BUT, if you opt to get the appetizers instead of unlimited breadsticks and salad they would be smaller....we decied to go for the unlimited.) No disappointments with portions ( I got the Fett. Alfredo... classic...amazing...can't go wrong) It was so much that I had my leftovers for lunch the next day. My boyfriend also had to take the rest of his spaghetti home too. The food was awesome and the service was even better. WILL BE BACK. *** before leaving (both times) we asked for extra breadsticks so we could take them home to have with our leftovers...and there was no faces...no if ands or buts...both waitresses said no problem and brought us 4 to take home. I highly recommend the "strata". it's a chocolate cake that is to die for.
1	My mother wanted to take my wife and I out to dinner for my wife's B-day, we were a party of eight, we were assigned two waitresses that had a difficult time getting on the same page. Wrong order, wrong drink refills, and it took 1:49 from the time we placed our order until the food reached the table. A member of our party stated a food allergy, he had to order twice and still received food that contained his stated allergy. Upon notifying the manager we were told not to worry the check was taken care of and he apologized. He suggested we dessert as well, which took another 34 minutes, and arrived with the check. Upon leaving we had to walk by the rear of the building were the waitress and manager were talking and over heard her complaining about us, when confronted the manager apologized again and returned inside. Needless to say we will not return to this location again, and I would suggest that you do the same. We were not the only ones with a grievance as several other patrons were given gift cards and comped bills.
1	Want a zero star option! I am a fan of olive garden but this one is horrible! Where do I start? Got soup without bread which came about 20 mins later as it was baking every time we would remind her although everyone around was getting baskets. Then Food ordered was new promos that had no details and had to rely on waitress which was clueless! She lied about the meal all together. Ended up with 2 meals un eaten. The bread finally arrived at end and lemon never came...she kept saying it was being cut! Ended with her dropping our plate on floor causing flying glass and never got a mint! Well at least she was smart enough to ask mgr to talk to us b4 us asking!
1	Most people are aware that OG is far far from authentic...however it seems that OG has gone downhill in recent years, and has left it up to a marketing team to save them. Upon our most recent visit to this OG in Pineville, They gave me food poisoning. Having worked in the restaurant business for 15 years, I am very aware of what food poisoning is and is not. This was the real deal..my first hint should have been at the restaurant when the couple seated next us were complaining about their food. I doubt we'll ever be back.
1	I am not a fan of big corporate "Italian-style" chain resturants, and the OG is one of my least favorites (behind Maggianos, Macaroni Grill, and Bucca di Bepo). I would never choose to go here over a locally owned place, but unfortunately, there are times that I find myself at one of these types of places for a work or social event planned by someone else.  That is how I ended up at this OG location.  There were about 15 of us, and you would think a big corporate chain like OG would be well versed in serving large groups, but on this particular visit, the service was even worse than the food (which is not very good in my opinion).The service was PAINFULLY slow and the server(s) kept forgetting to bring items to the table.  It took forever to get drinks to the the table.  Then,  I had ordered soup with unlimited salad & breadsticks... as did several folks at the table.  With so many eating salad, it was gone in no time and it took forever to get more to the table. A couple of people didn't get their entrees at the same time, so awkwardly sat at the table waiting for food.  This attempt at lunch ended up taking  2+ hours - which is ok for a dinner event but completely unacceptable at lunch time when you have to get back to work.  The bad service coupled with the mediocre food just makes this place a big waste of time.  Next time someone plans an event here - lunch or dinner - I will just have to respectfully decline.
2	Came here for lunch with my pops, who was fiending for their $6.95 soup/salad/breadsticks extravaganza. He is a huge fan of this deal, but unfortunately did NOT receive it, since it happened to be a Saturday afternoon, and they only offer their lunch specials on WEEKDAYS.Another slight issue I had was the fact that the waiter messed up my order, but the manager gladly replaced it free-of-charge for me, and gave me her humble apologies. Once I received the dish I ordered - beef medallions over fettuccine alfredo - it was actually pretty tasty. It featured green onions, chives, sauteed spinach, and tasted pretty fresh, discounting the strong vinaigrette coating on the steak. My dad would have given this place four stars, but I am not my dad!
4	Oh Olive Garden...you really impressed me with your new menu options and I'm very happy to write this review!It had been a while since I've visited and OG, mainly because I was tired of always ordering the same thing. But my parents were in town and wanted to stop in for dinner so I figured...why not?!?We started with the Moscato, what I love about the wine here is that they always let you sample prior to ordering a glass and now they offer a glass and a half...whoooo hoooo! The Moscato is sweet, fruity and crisp! One of my absolute favorites!Our appetizer was the lasagna fritta which is Parmesan breaded lasagna pieces, fried and served over Alfredo sauce topped with Parmesan cheese and marinara sauce. I must say this was a very delicious way to start the meal! The fried pieces of lasagna were hot and crispy and the two sauces and cheese were a perfect compliment! I would definitely recommend this to anyone! We also had the Zuppa Toscana which is spicy sausage, russet potatoes and cavolo greens in a creamy breath and salad. For the meals we had Tour di Mare which has three small portions of their creamy shrimp Alfredo, shrimp scampi fritta which are a new item of lightly fried shrimp tossed in a garlic and white wine sauce! They were very good the mix of favors offers a very unique taste! We also tried the Bucatini with meat sauce. The pasta is a little thicker that spaghetti noodles but equally delicious! Our server was outstanding and our food was delicious, I am absolutely looking forward to going back and trying some more of their new menu items!
4	I haven't been to an O.G. in a long time. I am suprised to say that things have changed for the better. If you're looking for real italian food this is not the place to go. But the foods that they are serving are great. The service was top notch. The menu change are cool. They stole that but one get one pasta deal form Maggianos which I love! You can go wrong in my opinion. Salty garlicy bread sticks and the non stop salad. Enough said..
3	I do agree with most of the reviews that OG isn't in my top 10 places that I care to dine.  As this location is directly in front of Carolina Place mall (right next to a Red Lobster), there is ALWAYS a wait at peak times, and on the weekends, fuggedaboudit.  I was making a trip to the mall and thought some salad and bread sticks would properly fuel me for a shopping battle.I arrived right around 5:30 on a Monday, so there was no wait then, but as I was dining, the place began to fill.  I was promptly greeted by my friendly waiter, who kept the drink refills coming throughout my meal without being asked.  They have a current special with soup or salad, plus a selection of entrees, plus a small dessert, for $12.95, so I got that.  The salad was an OG salad, iceberg with various onions and such thrown in, but I do like their salad dressing and the salad was ice cold, which is how I prefer it.  I got a basket of 5 bread sticks for just me, and it was all I could do to not eat all 5.  They were soft and warm and quite tasty.  I got the bucatini with meat sauce for my entree, and it was fine - as expected.  I knew it wasn't going to be the best Italian(ish) dish I had ever had, but it got the job done.  The dessert was a small cake with a strawberry sauce layered in it it (I can't remember the name) and it was fine as well.  It tasted like something from the prepared food section at HT, and it was a sweet finish to my meal.  The waitstaff was friendly and attentive without hovering, the food was fine and as expected.  It was A-OK.
5	I love this place because the pasta is always very very very hot.
2	Let me start off by premising the fact that I was at the mall, I knew I could sit quickly at the bar and I had a gift card since christmas or I would not be eating at a chain restaurant. It was what you expect at all of the chains. I got chicken and shrimp carbonarra (spell check). It was fair. What does one expect for something quick and convenient to what I was doing at the time.  I do wish however that I spent the gift card next door just shoveling cheddar bays down my throat. Good talk.
1	Until recently, I worked near the mall and a couple of weeks ago my wife and daughter decided to surprise me at work for a family lunch date and this OG was selected.  Biggest mistake ... ever.The only positive part of the visit was the host/hostess station, who had their act together enough to seat us with minimal wait.  We then sat at the table for15 minutes before anyone resembling a waiter appeared.  When our waiter approached our table, he set down two menus and walked away without saying a single word or acknowledging us in any way.  We then waited another 10 minutes before he returned to take our drink AND meal order.At this point, we were both upset but decided to give them a pass since it was a busy lunch rush on a Friday.  My wife and I both ordered coke and decided to get the all you can eat three pasta promotion and asked for our garlic bread and salad to be brought out before the meal.  We then did not see our waiter again for 30 minutes when he appeared carrying our entire meal out on one tray - drinks and pasta - without salad or bread sticks.  We were visibly upset at this point, my lunch hour was now over, and we were just now getting our incomplete first round of our "all you can eat" order.He literally put the food down on the edge of the table without asking us who had which dish and disappeared again.  My wife had ordered the fettuccine Alfredo for her first dish. I am not exaggerating when I say that what she was brought was a bowl of cold linguini noodles with a glubbed-on ball of cold Alfredo sauce sitting in the center on top of the noodles.I never request to see the manager when the service is this poor because management is always the problem.  Incompetent management breeds the hiring of incompetent wait staff, so rather than make a scene I simply leave the restaurant.  If they care to stop me to try to insist I pay, well then game on.  No one stopped me.I returned to work with an empty stomach and placed yet another restaurant on my black list.  And we never did receive our salad and bread.Olive Garden - your food is not that good to begin with.  If you wish to stay in business, I suggest you visit stores for quality checks on a much more frequent basis - especially this location.  Just dreadfully awful.Cheers!
2	Went here on Sunday. We don't usually go to chain restaurants, simply because there are so many delicious locally owned restaurants in the area. However, we had a gift card and decided to go have dinner. We got there around 6 and had no wait for a table. However, when we left, there was alot of people in the lobby waiting for a seat.We both ordered a glass of the house red. Well priced and very good for a house wine.I ordered the soup and salad with the pasta fagoli soup. My husband ordered the lasagna primavera from the lighter side part of the menu (it had spinach and veggies in it).Breadsticks and salad came out like expected. The breadsticks are alway delish and hard to turn away eating more. The soup was very good and my husbands lasagna was even better. However, we were joking that there is no wonder that the lasagna was on the lighter side. It was so small!! I guess we should have expected that, given that making lasagna "light" isn't an easy task. I can't even begin to explain to you how small it was......AND normally we normally split meals at restaurants, so we are typically used to smaller portions to begin with! Probably the size of half a deck of cards (width, length, and height) with like 3 small pieces of grilled chicken on it. He ate it and didn't complain....it was tasty, though!Normally we skip dessert but when the waitress came by, my husband ordered the pumpkin cheesecake (not sure if it was because he was still hungry or just craving something sweet!). This was SO good. HUGE slice of cheesecake. Very tasty and that slice was gone in like 5 minutes haha. Overall, ok experience, just wouldnt go back unless we had another gift card.
2	This is probably one of the worst Olive Garden I have been to. I am a frequent diner at Olive Garden, but had my first experience with this particular one last week. My server was horrific. Being a previous server myself, I can understand the pressures and stress on a busy night. However, this server was completely inattentive and was rushing my friend and I the entire time. Our salads came not even five minutes before our food was sent out. I am completely disappointed. I don't recommend this location to anyone.
2	Popped in for a take out order on a very busy Sunday afternoon. I don't know why the OG gets so busy on family holidays like Mother's Day, but on this one it was packed solid with people waiting outside, inside and in the bar area.We were able to place our to go order with the very busy takeout manager. That guy should get five stars. But the rest of the place, not so much. We sat at the bar for 30 minutes waiting to place the order and then waiting for it. Could someone have asked us if we wanted a drink? Maybe offered a glass of water? Nope.The food was OG standard but again it was packed perfectly with the salad in an interesting container that kept the lettuce and such fresh with the dressing and croutons separate. They also put a separator to keep the cold stuff from affecting the hot stuff.Two stars because the place was less than tidy and the bar staff didn't seem interested in customers. Otherwise, it would have been pretty good.
2	i know, I know--Olive Garden, how pedestrian of me! I don't have too many chain restaurant reviews, so I figured I'd write one. We went for a surprise birthday party. My friend had made a reservation which they somehow didn't have (maybe she called the wrong one? Anyway, I'm not going to dock for this). The staff was very accommodating, they were able to put a table together for us on short notice. When we sat down, I was immediately hit by a gross smell. I asked my friend "Do you smell that? It smells like..." to which he replied "wet dog!" which is exactly what I was thinking. It smelled badly like wet dog. How disgusting. Maybe it was the table--can you say dirty rags? While we waited for the rest to arrive, we got breadsticks and were also told that dessert for the birthday would be a charge. Really? Come on now. The bread sticks were pretty underwhelming--there was no garlic or flavor really. Booo. Once everyone arrived, we placed orders. I got the Bruschetta Salmon. When I asked the waiter how it was, he said he hadn't tried it in forever but that people say it's decent--I appreciated that honesty! They served salad shortly     My goodness this place was slow though. The food took forever. When it came out, it was pretty lousy. I found two bones in the salmon before I quit eating it. The risotto pasta thing under it was so heavy and the salmon was sort of hard and the toppings made no sense. It felt like two or three dishes in one. Others' food didn't come out, so the manager came out and apologized and comped several meals. He even went up to the birthday boy and told him he'd comp his dessert as well. Thumbs up. Dessert was actually pretty good--I got the chocolate tuxedo mousse cake which was quite good and it seems everyone else enjoyed theirs as well. The only reason this place is getting 2 stars instead of 1 is for service. Our waiter was personable and friendly, and the manager was excellent. I'd stay away from this garden like the plague, though.
2	It is amazing how this restaurant always has long wait times when I honesty don't believe that the food is great. I have gone a couple of times and each time that I have gone I have gotten different dishes. I feel like the food is not flavorful and are always missing something. You can definitely find better chain Italian restaurants like Maggiano's or Bravo! Come here if you like bland dishes.
1	This place was disgusting!!! I ate here yesterday around 6. I usually love Olive Garden but the last 2times I've been here was nasty. The outside is dirty, front entrance littered with cigarette butts. There is a stinch as soon as you open the door. The food was gross, greasy and very bad. I gave it one star because of the waiter.  I'll never go to this one ever again. The health inspector needs to visit and manager fired!!
3	It's Olive Garden... So of course I'm not going to give 4-5 stars. Friendly service, prompt wait staff, drinks come fast and the $11.99 3-course meal going on now is a pretty darn good deal.
5	From the time we walked in to the time we left the staff was extremely friendly. The new "small plates" are a great addition to an already great menu selection. Try the crispy asparagus!!! Only 2.99 to add to an entree. My wife had the steak Gorgonzola and it was cooked a perfect medium. All in all I felt like it could not have been a better dinner date night!
1	--LOOK AT MY PICTURE!!! This is a picture of an **INSECT that I was about to eat!! I was really hungry and decide to stop by and eat.. Thank goodness this was my second plate and I wasn't too full because I gulped down the first plate.. This is your soup of toscana that I was served. Management provided a friendly compensation, but I don't want anyone to get poisoned, sooo yeah, eat at your own risk!!
3	The food today was all good ..we had chicken Alfredo ,kids ravioli , the new wings , risotto balls and the soup and salad , they were all tasty I really enjoyed the wings. The service was however pretty terrible the appetizers arrived after our meal we think they forgot that part of the order . the bread sticks showed up finally as we were done . I will say the manager did give us the appetizers for free without us ever having to complain so that was a plus ..
4	MY WAITRESS WAS AMAZING!!! Her name was ALLYSON. I would ask for her if you have the opportunity and she was the waitress on shift. This definitely started off as a bad experience. We called at 5:50pm and told them we wanted to come in around 6:30pm and wanted to make a reservation for 6. The hostess on the phone informed me that there was no need to call ahead. We again mentioned that it is a party of 6. She said they are so slow that we don't need it. OKAY!We get to the parking lot at 6:30pm and it is packed!!!!! We were a little confused because what we were told earlier. Once we got inside we were told we would have a 40 minute wait. I was pissed because the lady on the phone insisted that we do not need a reservation and here we are stuck waiting. We wanted to talk to the manager, who never came. However after 5 minutes a party of 7 failed to show up and we were given their table. This made sense, we appreciated it.Thereafter, we did the endless pasta for 9 bucks and the soup/salads. Its an olive garden. The food was really good it was nice and warm so thats always a plus. The breadsticks were extremely fresh and flavorful among the best I had. The waitress was attentive but not to much! Our drinks and food were prompt, she came around enough, extremely nice. She made the experience that began negatively a whole lot better. Had we had a horrible waitress the place would have gotten maybe 2 stars.ALLYSON IS AMAZING =] truly a pleasure!
2	Smells like wet dog.  EXTREMELY humid inside.   Food was good (the two stars worth).  Service was very bad today.  I am a server myself and I would be beyond embarrassed if I provided such poor service to a table.  Added bonus - It constantly seemed like she was trying to rush us out.  Delivered our desert in a to go container without us even asking!!!  Also delivered our checks before we were halfway done and we had to ask to have a desert added on...
5	Everything pasta ! BuonAppetito ! So our first impression was we would be here awhile since parking was full. Surprisingly enough we were seated in less than 10 minutes. Our sever was prompt and informative and our first course arrived on our table less than 8 minutes from the time we ordered it! The salad had only one complaint and it seems to be a consistent issue with this restaurant - one that really doesn't make sense to me - olives ! There are two olives in the large bowl of salad ... If you want more than two olives, you have to ask for them - which is strange since their very name boasts of them ! Have found this to be the case each to time I've eaten here. Spaghetti & meat sauce was my meal and it was yummy.  Hubs had seafood Alfredo . He said he wouldn't recommend it again but it was just okay. Tiramsu was delicious and the coffee was fresh and piping hot !No complaints other than the olive shortage ...
3	We arrived and were seated at the same time as a big party, but our service never lacked.  The food is just what you expect from a chain Italian spot.  I tried the tortellini small plate and it was really good and super rich.  The small plate is just enough.  No complaints here...
5	This Olive Garden was very clean, the staff was very professional and quick and the food was delicious! Our waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly. He never let our drinks go down half way and he was very punctual and respectful.
