4	We learned of Ortiz Brothers outdoor furniture from an ad they posted on Craigslist. The prices and photos looked good so we thought we would check it out. What we found was an impressive selection of sturdy and attractive chaise lounges and outdoor chairs, love seats and tables. Every bit of the furniture is made on-site, from the wrought iron frames to the all-weather cushions. The employees were friendly and helpful -- they allowed to us to pick the cushions and granite table top we wanted for our furniture set and delivered the furniture to our home for free. The furniture is high quality, and while it's not cheap, it is definitely cheaper than most you'll find at the big patio furniture stores.
5	Great quality furniture and low prices.  Recommended from a friend - they didn't disappoint.   Our backyard furniture is great quality and looks fantastic!
5	Definitely worth the money. First let me say (in my opinion) the price range rating of two $$'s should at least be three ($$$). But don't misunderstand; this is not your cheap box store furniture. The products the Ortiz brothers craft will last for many, many years. If you're looking for run-of-the-mill factory furniture, you're looking in the wrong place. Unique Patio Creations custom manufactures furniture that is durable and of high-quality. In addition to manufacturing the metal portion of the furniture, they also manufacture the pads. Manufacturing their own pads, allow you to choose the color of material for surface, sides, and pillows.We ran across Javier Ortiz at the Tucson Home Show in Jan '13. He is very polite and informative, but not the least bit pushy - it was a pleasure talking with him. We had been looking for a two-person chaise lounge for a long time, but what we found was either low-quality or not what we wanted. With Unique Patio Creations, we had the option of a single pad and single backrest, single pad and split backrest, split pad and single backrest... Well, you get the idea. You have so many options and they are willing to make the furniture to your specifications.If you get made-to-order furniture (i.e. not what is at the showroom), it will take 4-6 weeks, so be patient. However, it is well worth the wait. And customer service - they are top-notch. I live 180 miles from the shop and they provided free delivery and set-up. Most other stores, I would have had to drive the distance myself or pay extra for delivery. I can't say enough good things about Unique Patio Creations. I definitely recommend them and will make another purchase from them. (I have not received a "freebie" from (other than free delivery) nor am I connected to this business)
1	I had a very upsetting experience with Tony there.  I negotiated with him for an iron table with a glass top and showed a high level of interest.  He agreed on his price he suddenly said that I would have to buy the glass separately.  This is crazy - why would somebody buy the glass separately if that is what the surface is already made out of.  Shady approach to doing business and poor customer service.  Getting nicer quality and better customer service at AZ Iron Furniture.
5	Awesome customer service and furniture!! High quality with sunbrella fabric that's perfect for the AZ sun!! Great selection to pick from as well :)
5	I have been working with Javier at Unique Furniture since he opened his location.  I have always had incredible service and a fabulous product.  I have now been in for purchases on 3 seperate occasions and recommended several friends.  They have an incredible product, great service and a great selection.  They have done a phenominal job of earning and keeping my business.
5	Sandra's customer service to me was outstanding on the selling of the furniture!!! And Javier and his workers were outstanding in the delivery of the furniture!!! First Sandra, she answered all of my many questions. Then I had her talk and answer my wife's (who was in Pa.) questions over the phone. Yes, the price was higher than I wanted to pay for patio furniture, but with the Arizona weather I didn't want to be buying furniture every two or three years.They are so confident about their products that all their furniture is displayed outside to show their customers how well it keeps in the Arizona weather. So after an hour or so of discussion and looking at all the selections, I decided on the furniture. But since my stairwells in my house are narrow, Sandra suggested I measure the width before I finalize the purchase.Returning later that day with the measurements, I met Javier. Javier said if my measurements are correct, the couch and chair will not fit through the stairwells (the furniture is for our bedroom balcony which is on the fourth level of our home). To make sure of the measurements, Javier and I jumped in his car and went to my place so he could be sure that my numbers were correct. Unfortunately, my measurements were correct.So the deal is off????? Wrong!! Javier comes up with the idea of renting a crane to place the frame of the couch and the chair on the roof of my building. Then he and his workers would lower the furniture down from the roof to the balcony. After imagining all the things that could wrong, I agreed to the plan.Well it worked to perfection!!!!!! No incidents or damage to property or bodies. The furniture looks absolutely fantastic on our balcony!!!!!Sandra and Javier were excellent in handling everything that was needed to satisfy my purchase and delivery. You can't ask for better Unique Patio Creations. Thanks Guys!!!!!
1	I thought it was a joke when I called inquiring about patio dining sets, and the guy who answered my call told me he didn't have a "definitive answer on whether they did or did not".....what the heck??!!!??
