5	Celebrity DJ and our Emcee Joe Matrias were everything we could have asked for in a DJ. Stephanie's responsiveness to our initial questions was immediate and comprehensive. We had seen/experienced Emcee Joe at another wedding and wanted the same experience from their wedding at ours, and he did not disappoint. Every song was what we had request, the timeline was perfectly executed, and Joe was the most professional emcee we could have experienced.Everything including our initial meeting with Joe, our detailed meeting before the wedding, and the wedding itself were beyond perfect. We could not thank Celebrity DJ and Joe enough. We would highly recommend Celebrity DJ and Joe Matrias to anyone else looking for a DJ. Worth every penny.
5	I would refer anyone to have Az Celebrity DJ to emcee their event.  Joe did a great job for our reception and wedding at Superstition Springs Golf Course.  He kept the party moving and our guests commented on how awesome our DJ was.  If we ever have another big event I'd love to have Joe back! Thanks for making our wedding day fun and memorable!
5	AZ Celebrity DJ is the best in their industry. Looking forward to including them in more events. Stephanie, Juan and Joe are awesome, their attention to detail is amazing..
1	AZ celeb DJ came highly recommended from our venue at Seville golf and country club as their "preferred DJ" let me just say we were very excited to have a great DJ for our wedding.... Except that was FAR from what we got. It started out rocky after we thought we had an appointment to get things set up, and drove around for over an hour to find out we didn't in fact have an appointment. They rescheduled with us and added in a lighting package for the confusion and we were very pleased. At the meeting we set up majority of our music and the DJ recommended a nice "anniversary dance." The next few weeks we spent a LOT of time picking out the perfect songs for all of the other dances. The day of our wedding finally arrived and the first thing I heard from all of guests was how rude the DJ was. I was told ever since he showed up he had a "chip on his shoulder" he played the same few songs over and over, and didn't even do the anniversary dance that HE recommended to us along with any of the other dances we requested. Our guests didn't even know we cut our cake due to the DJ NEVER announcing it. We had no direction of how the night was supposed to go and nor did our guests. He then told us he was about to play the last song for the evening, we didn't realize he wasn't booked for the whole evening so we asked if we could pay him to stay longer. He demanded cash that evening to stay and then acted like we were the biggest burden in the world for PAYING him to stay an extra hour! Apparently if you book a wedding with them on a Sunday you are under par and don't deserve respect or the kind of wedding that you have paid for with this company. I would never wish this apron anyone esp someone who spent over a year planning their perfect wedding. I now have guests who left with a bad taste and memory of our awful DJ who yelled at them at the end of the night for our wedding memories. Thanks for making our special night one to remember and NOT in a good way. Do yourself a favor and find a company who will care about your special occasion.
