5	Wow. If you're looking for a way to relax and get a lot for your money, this is an hour well spent. Kudos to my therapist. I'm coming back! Affordable prices starting at about $30 an hour. And right now, they are offering $30 for 75 minutes for a Christmas special. OMG!
4	I LOVE this place!!!  Discovered it by accident, but I'm no stranger now,.  My husband nevery tried anything like this before, but he took advantage of their special last Valentines Day for a couple, and now he goes with me every time.  We both feel so great after our session,.  The cost is really teriffic at $30 for an hour, and their massages are wonderful.  We didn't have anything like this in my former home of Yakima, WA!    Kathy
1	I had a TERRIBLE experience here, with the owner no less!!!  He was VERY inappropriate by asking me several times to take my shirt off.  I will never go back again and in reviewing the state standards, I don't believe he has the proper licensing.  Don't go here if you are a female!!!
2	I've been to this place several times and LOVED it!! BUT.. this time; not so much! The only person that speaks english was not there, so trying to communicate with anyone was a challenge. I have always asked for "Andy" cause he does such a good job, but this time he was busy, so I got one of the ladies. The therapists were chatting with each other, and it was very distractive. The lady I had seemed very rushed and bothered. Not the best experience this time.. After my massage I walked back to the restroom and noticed a man being ushered in to a private room in the back with a door.. I thought this was weird and asked myself "Why does he get a private room and my friend and I were out in the open and had to listen to all the distracting noises. I really hope nothing illegal is being done.. I don't condone this behavior and am not 100% decided if I will be returning.
4	For $35 you can get a pretty awesome body massage. It's all done from a reclining couch. They put your feet in hot water while you get your neck, shoulders, and arms massaged. They are usually open for walk-ins. If you want the best, you have to ask for the manager girl. She's my favorite but she's rarely open.
1	I use to love going to this place. I would bring out of town guests as well as refer people in my community. Not ever again!!The last few times I went they smelled like cigarettes and it was hard for me to enjoy the massage when that is what you smell. The massages just were not what they first were when I started going over a year ago. I couldn't understand why after a few months why there was always new people until another biz owner told me they are on work visa and every few months switch. This last time I took my sister in law in and we had called 3 hours earlier and made an appointment; well they told us to come back. Ok! Was not happy about that but we did. They could not speak a lick of English; I asked to have her work on my lower back more but that never happened, she never could speak to me. My sister in law had a guy who was sick and the entire time wiping his nose and sniffling as well as huffing and puffing. Both were terrible massages to say the least. When we were paying, I tipped $10.00 even though it was bad but my sister in law had the worst experience and she tipped $5.00, They started yelling at her telling her she can't tip only $5.00 and demanding she tip more, then yelling and calling her cheap!! Kind of funny that they could speak English then!! It may be cheap but you get what you pay for!!
3	We had a coupon.  I checked the reviews, and noted some low and some high ratings.  With the coupon I figured "what the heck".  Fortunately, when we showed up there was no cigarette smell. They have a tiny waiting room, but filtered water. Lots of beds in their therapy room, but not private.  A few sheer curtains is the extent of the privacy.  Doesn't bother me, but I'm not terribly modest and don't really care.  Others may not like it.The room was relatively comfortable and relaxing.  The massage itself was fine.  Nothing extraordinary, but fine.  For a "foot spa" a surprisingly short time was spent on the feet.  Not necessarily bad, but if you really want focus on your feet you may have to ask for it.Honestly not sure if I'll come back, but the experience was fine.
