1	The story is short: Evil, Dishonest Scam artists and bigots.The story is LONG:There are a number of things wrong with this McDonalds, but a few things that are right. Let's start with ...The Good:Food is usually correct as ordered in the drive-thru.Workers are friendly enough (probably because they see me often).The Bad:On the drive-thru menu board, it SAYS PLAINLY: Value Meal #2 (Quarter Pounder w/ cheese) $5.09 for medium fries/drink, large fries and large drink for $0.40 extra. Total should be $5.49 plus tax.I say PLAINLY at least a dozen times a month: "Number 2 LARGE with COKE!".My receipt SAYS PLAINLY: 1 QRT CHEESE ML-LRG $3.80 1 XLG COKE 1.89. Subtotal $5.69 TAKE OUT TAX 0.45.WTF is a TAKE OUT TAX? We're quibbling over 20 cents plus a dubious "TAKE OUT TAX" but it's twenty cents for 30 customers an hour times 18 hours a day times 365 days a year. SCAM ARTISTS RUNNING THIS MCDONALDS! BOO! HISS!The Ugly:Only people of one race and one sex are hired at this restaurant (and apparently only one national origin, too).  This is against Federal law (see http://www.eeoc.gov ) When a population of workers is examined as to characteristics such as gender, race, and age, and the data is charted according to statistical groupings, and you wind up with everybody being the same, this is a pattern that is against Federal law. But, who cares, it's Vegas, and it's McDonalds in Vegas, right? I emailed McDonalds corporate and they couldn't care less. The response I got back was a form letter copy/pasted.
3	Nice McDonald's inside, but they have a remote that locks the bathroom. Ghetto much?
2	Only 2 reviews for a McDonalds, hmmm...make it 3!Let's just say, not the best.  I've been 4+ times to this location.  3 of the 4 times, they had my order wrong.  Once, when ordering chicken mcnuggets via the Drive-thru, they asked me to pull around the corner and park...and they would bring it out to me.  I waited 20 minutes!  On a positive note, if you order and decide to eat there, the inside is actually pretty big and kept clean.  It's also offstrip and has easy parking.  P.S. In-and-Out is just one more block up the street!
1	WTF! This place sucks! Just left drive thru...was in line for 25 min! Girl got my order wrong took back extra soda...gave me my order and disappeared for 5 min while I waited for receipt. When I finally got my receipt I was so mad I drove off only to find out I still got charged for the soda! Wow really mc d's? She was so lazy she bet on me leaving so she didnt have to give me my $1 refund. Jokes on me. One less family that will go here so sad
1	By far the worst drive thru experience in the United States. My husband & I stopped by for drinks (since it was a hot evening during our visit in Vegas). A tall, large African American man was working the drive thru. When we ordered he never responded over the speaker after waiting 3 minutes. We finally pulled up to the window & the car in front of us entire order was wrong. They had to pull up front & wait. When we made it to the window he asked us "did you order?" & we confirmed yes "he asked what it was". Once we told him what our order was he said "for real ". I was floored at the TERRIBLE service of this chain. The service was so bad I took a photo of the phone number posted outside the window to file a complaint. After he confirmed our order (which was only two drinks) we waited at that window another 5 minutes to get the drinks. When we drove off we noticed it was a slu of cars waiting behind us.The guy working the window CLEARLY did not know what he was doing & shouldn't have been working the drive thru. The owner of this franchise really needs to put some TLC & training into their staff.
3	I was on my way home a little after midnight and I wanted a cold drink.  This McDonald's is easy to get to.  The drive through had three cars in front of me but before long, I had my diet Coke ordered and I was soon at the window picking it up.I generally don't stop in this neighborhood because there are others closer to home, but this was perfect last night.  A good stop with a pleasant and quick staff.
2	What do you expect? It's a McDonalds. You go here for bad coffee and even worse food. I usually get annoyed when I receive poor service, but I should temper the urge to write about it based on the location and the service they are providing. If you want better service and/or better food, go to a Starbuck and spend a few more pennies. This is just an average run-of-the-mill McDonalds.
1	Drive thru SUCKS here!!!! This is the 3rd time they messed up my order and there sooooo freakin slow! They have no since of urgency.
3	This location is quite busy. Had a good deal on Big Mac's. Quick and easy food to pick up for the kids on the go ...
1	Fries were old and cold...they were out of ice. Asked for the sandwich to be plain, it did not come that way. They forgot to give us our drinks.
1	Ordered at 3:55am on 9/21. Did not get food until 4:07am. They forgot our order of fries. I had to call twice and they hung up on me both times without an update. Third time I called they said they were waiting for the eggs to cook. 4:10am received order of fries.
