5	When I arrived to the shop, i was immediately greeted with a smile and invited to go into the lobby for coffee , I like their service very much , they are not only provide their own service , but also they will provide extra service , the staff were all very friendly and professional !!!!! Good job GoodFellas
5	I needed to get some work done on my car recently, and Goodfellas did incredible work on my 2005 Hyundai Accent! I hit a pole a few years ago and decided it was time to get it fixed and have my windows tinted. Not only did Goodfellas replace the fender and repair the bumper, they fixed some dents and scratches on the side of my car, replaced the headlights and 2 axles, and flushed and changed the transmission fluid as well. They went above and beyond my expectations: when I came to pick it up, my car looked absolutely brand new! The entire car was buffed and detailed and the tinted windows looked perfect. For all the hard work they did and extra time spent fixing some major issues they found, they gave me an AMAZING deal, and I am extremely satisfied with my car and experience with them! These guys are friendly, professional, and give excellent customer service. You cannot beat their quality of work and prices; you will not be disappointed! I plan to return again in the future. Thanks Goodfellas!
5	I have been working with Anthony and John of Goodfellas Collision Center for some time now. I can say that both are great gentlemen and upstanding businessmen. Their service is great! If you want your car fixed right the first time after an accident, then Goodfellas is the body shop to go see. They truly know how to make you feel comfortable at a time when you need all the help you can get. Goodfellas is the body repair shop to go see. I highly recommend them and their services!
5	I took my car after my accident to Goodfellas. Anthony was just really nice and took care of everything I needed. And when I had to return for a little paint scratch a few months later, both Anthony and John fixed it with no questions asked. I highly recommend this place to anyone who needs auto body work. Great customer service and awesome work!
