5	I love this place. When I lived in Vermont I would make the two hour trip north to go eat here. Plus the great shopping when the US dollar was worth more. The food is utterly amazing a must even if you are not a fan of middle eastern food. Never had a bad meal here. Always quality and at a great price.
4	There are multiple Basha locations throughout the downtown Montreal area and the quality of the food does tend to differ. The flagship location is located on Rue St. Catherine, in the same complex as Sports Experts, what sets Basha apart from the competition (Boustan, Amir's) are the daily specials which are heaping portions of quality for a small price, the Mloukhia (Jew's Mallow served over rice and chicken topped off with a garnish of vinegar and onions) warrants a special mention and is served on Sundays and Mondays. Basha also is the best place in Montreal for cheap Middle Eastern staples  (read: Shish Taouk/Shawarma) and is definitely one of the best places to go if you want to grab a gianoromous meal for 10$ or less.
2	What's up with all the crazy love for Basha here?  Someone driving two hours from Vermont just to eat there?  You gotta be kidding me.  Sure, Basha's the best Middle Eastern chain in Montreal but that's sorta like calling chlamydia the best sexually transmitted disease. I jest. I actually eat there when I'm downtown cause there's not much else in the area (and I might've given it three stars but feel the need to balance out the five star lunacy).  If you like greasy meat on a stick, salads soggy from soaking in too much cheap oil and vinegar (and oh so much vinegar -  it makes the salads stomach-churningly sour) and shish taouk made from the gristliest chicken this side of Kentucky, then it might be your favorite place in town. For others, it's a passable place to go when the stomach is growling and there's nothing else in sight besides food courts and McDonalds...
5	I've never had a bad shish taouk in Montreal, I feel like giving Basha only four stars because they give all of us Canucks plastics plates and automatically serve Middle Eastern terrorists with fancy china. But I haven't found a good shish taouk or shawarma in the USA since I relocated 7 yrs ago ( still looking ), so it gets a 5*.
3	The kabobs are delicious here.  I especially loved the convenience (as it was right near our hotel) and the whole simple ordering system they have set up.  Making this my first meal, after a long cross country flight (from SF to Montreal), was a no brainer and very enjoyable.
4	I've never eaten Lebanese before, but I thought this was really pretty good. I wandered in off the street w/out so much as looking at a review and was pleasantly surprised. I had the chicken platter which came with humus, a salad (looked perhaps like kale), rice and garlic potatoes all for $10. Will definitely come back. Would have gone 5 stars if I had some basis for comparison, but w/out one, hard for me to say "as good as it gets," but it could be darn close!
4	Basha is great - but this time around I found the shawarma meat to be dry. I'll account it to be a busy lunch hour. Love the roasted potatoes + garlic yogurt.
3	This was located in the underground mall food court-Central District. Good for a quick bite. The shawarma was filling and very reasonable priced. Although tasted saltier than I would have liked.
5	Awesome, halal and cheap!!
4	I am writing as a tourist with a hangover so you'll have to excuse me.Anyways, I don't eat this type of food that often but in my opinion it was delicious. I got the combo #4 which had beef,potato, salad, and a flat bread. Total came out to be 10 something. Overall you should try it.
4	Basha provides good food at a reasonable price.  I've been twice and ordered the Combo Platter both times along with some Baklava.  Both times the food was excellent and enough to fill two people.  The Baklava is some of the better Baklava that I have had...I found asking for extra sauce is sometimes good in case the meat is drier than you like.
3	Shawarma, pita and garlic sauce can not go wrong with some vegeatables.  Their hummus is alright, and service depends on who you get, some the friendliest in the world others seem to hate their job.  Stick with the Shawarma and it is a no fail.
3	Decent food, they use real meat for their sandwiches (and not the Spam-looking meat of sorts), the salads are very good and always fresh..HOWEVER, they should train their females employees (who are clearly from the Middle East) to interact with male customers. Here in the West men and women do interact during business transactions held in public, in restaurants, supermarkets, shoe stores pharmacies, etc , if those female employees do not like doing that then they should not work behind a counter, because half of the customers will be men (problably some transexual customer will come, but it would difficult to find out and even more impolite to ask). So if Basha owners want to offer good customer service they should train their females employees according to the social mores of Canada (they are here anyway) . I have eaten twice at Basha, the first time in the Ste Catherine/Peel  location, the food was very good but the woman behind the counter behaved as if she hated her job or did not want to serve a male customer...then I ate at the food court on Place Mont Royal, the bald guy, who I suspect owns the franchise was friendly...the woman (probably his wife) reacted as though I had leprosy at the moment of giving me the change...if shes so disgusted with the presence of male customers she should be in the kitchen...problem solved.
4	Came here twice during a bachelor party weekend in Montreal.  The shawarma beef pita is what i got (twice) and it was very different.  Basically a bunch of different meats stuffed into a hummus pasted pita with veggies.  Super fresh and delicious.  I kinda miss it now...
2	Five years ago this would have been one of my favorite spots for Lebanese food but I think the wheels have fallen of since then. This last visit to montreal the service was poor, which would be forgiven if the food was good, but it wasn't. Both the Chicken and falafel were dry to say the least.Pricey and poor, if your in montreal there are way more options available.
4	I really enjoy this restaurant and this coming from someone with a Lebanese background hahaPlates are big and very fulfilling!
4	Sorry Princess but its 4 stars all the way! I cook. I cook a lot of things. I cook middle eastern Cuisine and I highly enjoy eating middle eastern cuisine as well. I was made fun of for coming here, but I do have to say it was fairly decent for what it is. Back in the States where I live is a huge Arabic population, obvi the food here is fresher and what not but I do have to say Basha wasn't all that bad. I had their falafel which was pretty good, a shawarma, also delish and shared a plate of grape leaves which also were pretty good. Now, I think *my* grape leaves are the best, but these were also pretty good as well. I hate restaurants who take the oil soaked ones and pass them off as food, Basha, does not.
3	Good Lamb Shawerma , friendly staff
1	Horrible service. Wouldn't give me what I was asking for for no reason, they lost out on the money they would have made from me. Don't go there.
3	Location: Heart of downtown, above Sports Experts.Service: Pretty quick but friendliness isn't always on the menu. Depends on the day.Food: I like Basha, though have found that the quality and savoriness of the food varies based on location. I usually order the Shish Taouk plate or the veggie platter. Sometimes they're delicious and sometimes the chicken has fatty bits and the Falafel is dry. It's hit or miss. I think that going during lunch hour is a safe bet because there's a good rotation and nothing stays on the skewers or in the display too long.  I LOVE their garlic sauce and usually stop by when I'm sick - I order the Shish and ask for extra garlic sauce that I eat with a spoon! Sounds gross, I KNOW but it does a damn good job of nuking the germs let me tell you.Price: Average. I'd say $10 depending on what you order.
2	I first visited Basha last weekend and was so impressed with their falafel sandwich that I made it a point to revisit today. Last week the sandwich was stuffed with fresh, moist falafel, hummus, garlic sauce and salad. The juices were literally dripping from the sandwich when I ate it. Today the sandwich was so dry it was almost inedible. I would have returned it but I was a good ways away when I sat down to eat it. To make matters worse my fountain soda was flat!There are so many places to try that it's hard to forgive such flagrant inconsistency.
4	No wait and much variety. The food is good. Hats off. It's very casual dining environment that's best to come in the afternoon when the food is made.Nari Nari is always playing in the background which is a major plus.
5	Cafeteria style service with a great selection. Waited a few minutes before my kabaabs were ready but was told it would take a few  minutes when I ordered.  My plate was over flowing with incredible selection of  meats, salad, veggies and rice with a generous amount of hummus.  Worth every penny.
4	They have good quality foods.It's heavy meals though and the price is sort of around average I guess :)
3	I remember when I was in university roughly 12 years ago Basha was considered "The Essentials" of middle eastern food in Montreal. Wow, it went down.Went back this summer (I visit Montreal often) and decided to have it again... not bad but something was truly missing. Boustan and Al Taib are miles away from this place. Least flavoured meat I had tasted and bland potatoes. It will do the trick if you are hungry, but go a few blocks away and have a nice Boustan. Much better choice
