4	STOP EVERYTHING! There's a baller in the house.  This place roles out the red carpet for you if you spend $40 bucks, its the best.  Me and a couple of guys came here and spend maybe $60 between us all.  They gave us drinks the whole time and even opend up a table for us.  They have 10 cent roulette and $2 black jack.  Take $100 bucks there and go ape shit! It will be money well spent.
5	I have been coming to this casino for its breakfast food since 2004. HANDS DOWN this is the best bang for your breakfast buck. No joke you could feed an army on even the tightest budget. The service has gone down hill since the asian or hispanic girl (sorry Im an ass I cant tell what she is) replaced the regular waitress whos been theyre for like 5+ years BUT if your willing to put up with bad service you wont be disapointed cause this is where quality meets value and thats a rare marriage! Ohh also BONUS if you go early on sundays youll get to here the chatter of the older gentlemean talking about politics, the war, how things are today... its really entertaining. I love em!! And they are all totally chill with toddlers.. We got a 1.5 y/o and shes pretty well behaved, the older crowd really dig her. On a gay note, no one cares. lol
4	Always a good time at the Klondike! 10 cent roulette cannot be any better. Can easily play with $20-40 while getting free drinks. We go with friends and bring out of town guests. They usually only have 1 table open, sometimes two. I don't know their exact hours but good times to go are Sun-Thur 3-8pm. Sometimes I'll call ahead to see if there are any colors available. Nice and fun staff there too!
1	Just a little update-  The Klondike no longer offers any table games. So no more 10 cent roulette and no more $2 blackjack. This was a huge surprise because the 10 cent roulette was the huge draw of this joint. Without the table games, all you're left with is an extremely run down casino that has such a thick layer of cigarette smoke wafting around that it's like you're walking through a Vegas gambler's fog. I think the only thing that's left are the slot machines... I wouldn't be surprised if they tear this place down and start over from scratch. Might be the best thing. (by the way, I was going to rate this place 4 stars if they still offered the table games, but with those gone, there's nothing left to draw you in)
