4	Great dealership! It's very practical to have a Toyota dealer in the middle of the plateau. If I have a complaint, it's the service department. They just won't stop calling me for service visits. I know I need an oil change... But that's why I bought a Toyota... So I wouldn't have to.
1	When I go to a car dealership, it pretty consistently results in me spending an ungodly amount of time thinking about what jerks the people working there are and how they're going to charge me absurd amounts of money for "labor rates" that are in no way proportionate to the amount of labor I see occurring around me.  So now you know my preexisting bias.Chasse Toyota was different.  You might ask, "How?"  I didn't even make it through the door.  They were such pains in the ass on the phone that I was already overwhelmed by how much I wanted to light my car on fire instead of having to deal with getting the work done.  I called to find out a ballpark price for changing my American odometer to a metric one.  This sounds like about 10 minutes of work to me.  Granted, I'm no car genius (hence the need to go to a mechanic), but seriously.  I was transferred eight (8!!!) times before I hung up and startled my cat by shouting a string of obscenities.  7/8 of those times, I started talking and someone cut me off with, "I'm going to transfer you to ______."  The one time someone said something else before transferring me was when a lady informed me that the labor for this process would cost $200.  I figure that for $200, my odometer should not only be metric, but it should dispense chocolates to me every 15 kilometers and sing the mileage when I ask it to.  At a minimum, the phone conversation I have to have before said $200 process should not make me want to incinerate Ruthie.  God only knows what the part would cost (and I'm kinda using "God only knows" literally because it seems that no one at Chasse Toyota knows).Long story short: Chasse Toyota is exceptional because they have managed to become my least helpful car dealership experience ever, and that was a truly dismal achievement.
1	I came looking for a used car, since I saw a posting on the net. I talked with the sales man and the Sales Director. After discussing about the car i saw on the posting and negotiating the price, I returned another to Test drive the car and saw that the mention mileage displayed on the car was different than the one advertise and talk about it with the Sales Director. The Sale Director, simply mention that he can get another customer easily and if we are not happy we can go. Customer service is really bad and they treat people without professionalism. I definitely do not recommend Chasse Toyota, the Sales Director name is Real Tetrault and he definitely need some customer service courses. Moreover, they made a mistake on the  interest for the finance plan of the car and are unwilling to change or compensate for their error. The owner, Maxime Chasse was involved and he wrote to me that it is not their obligation to fix their error. Very disappointing.
