1	It is my first experience with hair removal.  I found out about this place through groupon.com.  What can I say, I like great deals.  Well, I thought Dr. Shah was going to work on me but no it was an aesthetician.  I don't mind as long as she is professional and trained.  It was not hard to find the location with google map.  The place was very clean, organized and professional.  The receptionist whom check me in was very friendly.  The only thing that bother me was the numbing cream...it was not very effective because I was in pain throughout the procedure.  Is there a stronger numbing cream?Update (2/17/12)-Ok finally finished my series of treatments and my treated area is not clear. For me, it reduced by 65%...not a satisfied customer/patient!!!
5	QUICK AND PAINLESS...Office staff was very nice and friendly. I had my first appointment today for laser hair removal with Kim. She was very professional and informative.  She answered all my questions.
4	I came here because I got a deal on Groupon to do laser hair removal.  This isn't the first time that I've had laser hair removal, so I'm familiar of the process.  Besides, my last experience I had with another laser hair removal place did not scare me to try this facility.  My last one was a nightmare!  This facility they have a doctor on site, not many other "spas" have that, but hopefully that gives you peace.  The facility is very clean and professional looking (because other places are pretty scaaaaary looking), and they have staff that is very friendly.  Compared to similar businesses, they are usually booked months out, but I called and was able to get an appointment rather quickly to fit my needs.  I have only been here once, but I'm impressed already.  I will update my journey with them.  Side note: Just keep in mind about laser hair removal, it is different for everyone and it is not permanent, its more like semi-permanent.  There are a lot of factors that give people different results. Like skin color/hair color, coarse of hair, location of hair, etc, new hair follicles will always find its way through, so what hair you see coming back, might be different hair.  Don't be discouraged about the hair removal process.  By the way, if it matters to you, their machine is the one that blasts the cool air as they laser.  That actually helps ease the pain for me, other place I went did not have that, not even numbing cream.  Any how, they have my support, try them out!
5	I had 2 procedures done by Dr. Shah....HE ROCKS!!!!  I lost over 100 lbs, so I had a tummy tuck and vaser lipo done.  This was 2 years ago, and I am still thrilled with the results.  Dr. Shah is not only a plastic surgeon, but a general surgeon as well.  When he did my abdominoplasty (tummy tuck), he also reattached my stomach muscles that had been severed during my hysterectomy 12 years earlier.  I had the vaser lipo done on my inner and outer thighs and hips at the same time.  I wanted to have a breast reduction, and he talked me out of it, and told me to do certain exercises and that I'd be very unhappy if I went ahead with it.  I was shocked at a plastic surgeon not just going ahead and taking the money for a surgery that someone wanted, and he was so right.  I lost another 25 lbs since and along with the exercise, I went from a 42 DDD to a 36 DD and am happy with the way things turned out....may go back for a lift one day soon though....lol  He was so kind and informative.  He told me what to expect (and what not to expect....lol) and made me sign paperwork that I would continue with my maintenance for my weight loss or he would not do the surgery, I was totally impressed.  He even gave me a pre-surgery plan of diet and exercise to follow which kept me good and healthy and strong, so the recovery went really smooth!!  Two years later and my tummy is still flat as a board, and I'm 52....woooo hooooo!!!!!  Love Dr. Shah!!!!!  I would have written this sooner, but I just found this site today.  Hope this helps.....Dr. Shah is awesome!!!!!!!!
4	I purchased a Groupon for a filler. Had a hard time getting an appointment. It seems the doctor doesn't work in the morning or weekends; and he vacations often. However, once I got in, the experience was good.  The assistant was awesome, she was very kind and knowledgeable. The doctor was very calming and explained everything and most important I am extremely happy with the results.  Try not to let the spacey girl that answers the phone deter you, as she is a poor reflection of the quality staff.  Prices are high, but seems to be quality
