5	Many people having many opinions, post...  but Dr. Coyner is without a doubt, the finest, most dedicated, knowledgeable, fearless, professional you'll ever find.  She cured my precious dog's uncurable ear problems, wrote the most professional paper I could imagine for a lawsuit I initiated (many doctors will not do this), referred me to a vet, who turned out to be the best guy I could have wished for, and when I adopted an old dog from Dewey (who had some skin issues) and took it to her, she RECOGNIZED the dog!   She said, "Oh yes, I know "Porshe"... I have worked on her when I volunteer..." !  Great person, great doctor. We are very fortunate to have her.
1	This lady treated my dog for every allergy, charging me thousands of dollars. Nothing was helping my dog feel better in the years time. After I realized my dog was suffering from merely dry skin due to all the antihistamine products and the dry climate we live in I treated my dog with fish oil topically on one side. Miraculously the dog stopped itching that side so I treated the other side. Through trial and no error I started administering Flaxseed Oil in his diet, the dog doesn't scratch. Instead of treating a dog with a 15.00 diagnoses this woman goes deep for the pockets. I don't care about the money, I care about the year that my dog was in agony. Try your home remedies before sinking your money into this dark hole.
1	this woman does not care about animals she cares about money more than anything. we took our dog to her. she about cleaned out our bank account with all the visits,pills  and allergens she supposedly makes herself she did not have the courtesy to even come in the room to talk to us on our last 2 visits witch are not cheap, she sends in her helper while she hid behind the door, my husband asked to speak to her she was apparantley to busy to turn around and come in the room and it was an extra fee of 45$ for her to speak with us(coyner) if not you get to only speak with her vet helper. come to find out she moved and did not tell a single patient now my dog needs certain medications i cannot obtain through a normal vet . what kind of professional vet would do this ? a greedy one. to their clients and animals most of all . and now her phone and website go to another local dr. that is twice the price with no notice and they want all new office fees and they are not willing to help with old clients so our dogs have to suffer because i do not want to pay for 4 office visits a year to talk to a vets helper that just hands off pills and paperwork . we need a real professional allergen vet in vegas a.s.a.p
