1	This has nothing to do with the cheese but the service.  After finding the fried cheese curds, I found a cheese shop across the street.   I come in, the store looks very nice.  I ask if they have cheese curds, "No, but they will have more tomorrow.""I can't come back tomorrow, I have class and flying back to Los Angeles."  So she calls another store to see if they have some.  I get directions from the employee at the other store, and head around 20 miles away so I can find the curds tonight.  The kicker ... when I get to the other store and see what cheese curds looked like, I realize that there was plate out on the counter at this store.  Why didn't she say, "Here are some samples, would you like to try one?"
5	Try the "cave-aged" Marissa. This cheese alone earn 5 stars. The only unfortunate part is the location. I wish they consider moving the store to Madison so that more people can sample many of their award winning cheeses.
5	The cheese at Carr Valley is worth every penny. If you are a cheese lover then you must come check it out. The sheep's black truffle, Benedictine, and Cave Aged Mellange are some of the best i have tasted. I love to bring out these cheeses to try with wine on girls night and it's always a hit. I heard about the Cave Aged Mellange from Wine Spectator magazine and i have a relative who lives in Middleton Wi so I always stop at Carr Valley when I visit.
4	It wasn't until I attended the "Yelp gets Crafty" event at Craftsman Table & Tap that I appreciated how excellent Carr Valley Cheese really is. They had samples of it throughout the night, and as soon as I left the event, I said, "I need to get some of that Mobay cheese!"The Carr Valley store is located along Parmenter Street, just kiddie-corner from Culver's. The store features a huge cooler filled with dozens of mouth-watering cheeses. There are smaller coolers in the main "aisle" as well as a cheese counter near the cash registers.I browsed the vast selection and mentally bookmarked at least a dozen interesting cheeses to try later; I was there for one cheese - the Mobay. Mobay combines sheep and cow cheeses with a thin vein of grapevine ash, and the combination is incredible.Prices are slightly higher than your typical grocery store varieties of cheese, but you'll appreciate the extra cost with your very first bite. Incredible stuff.The staff was friendly and prompt; checkout was painless.
