5	I've been waiting for Qdoba to open up a location in Scottsdale since I moved here a year ago. It was my go-to place in college since they were open 24/7 on the weekends and the price, quality, and options are so much better than Chipotle. However, I know a lot of people who would argue that Chipotle is better.I almost always get their Craft 2 Menu with 2 chicken tacos and a chicken quesadilla. It's enough food to last me 2 meals, unless I'm really hungry. Their queso is really good too, especially in a queso burrito or burrito bowl. The staff was very friendly and offered to get us refills and helped to clean away our finished plates. They just opened up so some of the workers are still under training and becoming more efficient. I usually don't bother to write reviews for chains but I figured I'd leave the first review here because I love Qdoba that much... and you should too :)
1	I don't know if it was an off day, or if I just liked this place in college because I had no taste buds after a long day of drinking. This place has nothing on Chipoltle. The chicken was dry, salsa had no kick, and rice has no flavor.
4	Oh dear sweet Mango Salad! Your mix of fresh flavors refreshes me on a hot Arizona day. This SoCal girl is not used to 109 degree weather. But your air conditioned restaurant kept me cool. Although a tostada shell filled with lettuce, corn salsa, black beans, mango and guacamole sounds like a weird combination, I would eat you all over again! http://bit.ly/NXExhIYessss :D
3	First time I went to Qdoba's was on a business trip to California.  I told my husband when I got back, "If we ever pass by one of these, we should take you!"  Low and behold, we passed by one a couple days ago.  His repsonse, "It's good, I like it but wouldn't drive across town just to come here."  (We live on the west side and happen to be in the area.)The food is comparable to Chipotle's but has a lot more different selections than just burrito's.  Had the nacho's and thought the cheese sauce they drizzle on top was delectable.  I gave them 3 stars b'c the food was good but not spectacular.  Also, the waitress totally skipped over my husband and went to the next customer in line.  Not a big deal of course but pretty carless, IMO.  If you are a fan of Chipotle type "Mexican" food, I definitely think you should give this place a go.  Definitely "lighter" than "real" Mexican food but, I think, hits the spot.
1	Well my rice was crunchy. My black beans hard and flavorless, my tortilla was sticky and I got mostly dark chicken in my burrito.  Ugggggh!
3	i eat here several times a month because it is convenient.  I love that it is clean, close and consistent.   the service always rocks. they are pleasant and kind.  however...the beans are undercooked...tortillas a bit sticky.  the hot sauce is lovely and flavorful though!  i continue to lunch here ...but i wish the food was a wee bit better.
4	This was my first visit to Qdoba.  And I must say, I really enjoyed the Mango Chicken Salad.  Had wthat with lots of pico and verde salsa with no cheese or sour cream....no tortilla bowl.  Pretty tasty!  Its too bad today was the last day they're offering the Mango Salsa as it is a seasonal item.  :(  I'll be back though!  Most likely only on Wednesdays when they offer my company lunch deals via email.  :)
4	I love this place.  Whenever I'm loafing around and realize I forgot to plan for dinner, this is my go-to place.The veggie burrito is awesome, and they really load it up.  Anything with the habanero salsa is a hit for me, too.  It's fantastic.I really like sitting on the outside patio and watching the foot traffic go by on Scottsdale.  Surprisingly good music, to my taste, too.
2	What What?.?.?.... No jalapenos?!?!?!? What kinda joint is this. well it's flavorless, at least thats my take. The Burrittos Blah! The Tacos Blah! The Nachos Blah! All eiether had NO flavor or The Flavor was off. Its a shame to fill a thin soggy tortilla with 80 cents worth of ingredients and wrap it in such a thin piece of foil that it splits and leaks out of the bag, and charge 8 bucks for it! especially when its as sad as these!!! I tried it twice and have to pull the plug. My wallet will never again see the light of day in a place like this.I will say the staff has always been friendly though.
1	Holy smokes does this place suck.I was told by someone that is was like Chipolte, only better. THEM is fighting words, so of course I had to check it out.I dragged two co-workers of mine over there, and I got a carne asada burro, side of chips and guacamole. The service was ok, not too friendly, and didn't try too hard. That's ok, it isn't fine dining. The prices were higher than Chipolte, so maybe the flavors were better?Getting back to the office we started in on this lunch. The best way to describe it, is space food. They say that in space food doesn't have flavor, so on the bright side, for the cost of lunch it was like being in space. The carne asada had ZERO flavor. The guac had no salt, garlic, nada. Just avacado. So weird? The rice in the burro had no flavor either, I don't know if the food was props for movies, or what?Skip this place, go a mile down the road for Chipolte, or head just West to America's Tacos.
1	Not a big fan. Chipotle and Baja fresh are a lot better.
4	Good place with healthy, fairly flavorful mexican fastfood and good prices. Similar to chipotle- but a tad lower end. Hub likes their beans and rice but still prefers the pork at chipotle a bit more.   I prefer this place to Chipotle so not sure why everyone says different?? The veggies have more flavor plus they have way better options than chipotle. Plus their chips are better too.   . I usually hate queso but qdoba's has peppers and great spices: its addicting! also love their salty chips. The 2 kinds of extra grilled veggies are great add in but get annoyed that they charge extra even if i skip the rice, cheese.. And then they are even skimpy with their veggie portion.  Hot red salsa is really good but dont care for the others. Service is friendly but not consistent when it comes to charging items or knowing whats a "naked burrito, salad...".   Love their frequent buyer program but the customer service from corporate is awful.  Reached out to them twice to get credit for meal when I have forgotten my card (why they cant look up my account with my email or phone number is crazy) but never get replies from their corporate office.
2	I Have visited this location about four times now, each with a different set of employees I hadn't seen the time before. Food is always good but service is questionable. Two times I tried to visit this location they weren't supposed to be closed for another 30 minutes according to the sign but the doors we locked and they waived me off.  The times I have been able to beat their inconsistent closing they looked like they didn't want me there very much because of the upcoming closing times. Wont visit anymore
3	Thanks to Groupon I found this place.  It's relatively new to Old Town, just opening around a year ago (guess)?  Anyway, I've been meaning to try it, but until the Groupon deal came out, I just didn't seem to find time to do so.  I like Q'doba restaurant...very familiar.  We ordered:Chicken Burritohttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qdoba-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=-eALv7wqWx_1qojO_NdGHA#-eALv7wqWx_1qojO_NdGHAChipshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qdoba-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=6M1tRnAA9WWmIKgO6URXYg#6M1tRnAA9WWmIKgO6URXYgWhen you come here, you have to have their Queso in your Burrito....so I ordered mine with the Queso.  It's soooo good and addicting.  The Chips are ok...what more could you ask from Chips, right?The employees who work here are friendly and got our order right.  Since they're in Old Town, they have a lot of competition for food joints.  I hope they make it.Return Factor - 60%
1	This is the black hole of Qdobi, after which you will be asking yourself why you didn't hold out for the friendly service, authentic cuisine, and upscale atmosphere of Taco Bell.By the time you're done here, you'll feel the sort of existential despair that's shared only by staff in the Sears shoe department. The place is always empty-ish, always reeking of desperation, always cluttered with a slow-moving line (even if you're the only customer, there will somehow be a slow-moving line), and always fundamentally bland and mediocre, with small portions, too.It's not even really cheap, other than by comparison to the Scottsdale prices surrounding it. You probably will not die of eating here, but count on having real doubts about whether life is worth living. Also: do not order the pulled pork. It's vile.
1	GONE! The worst Qdoba on the planet, the blot on the face of Qdobosity, has a hastily inked sign taped to the door announcing: "This store is closed. Thank you for your support."Goodbye, horrible Qdoba with clerks of apathy and despair! Goodbye, tasteless food served with a side of hopelessness!
5	We were very sorry to see Qdoba in Scottsdale close.  We hope they are still here and just found a better location, location, location!  The food is always good and they treat us like familly.
