3	Is OK for a quick fix. Pretty sure the refried beans are made with lard. So they have a different taste to them.  I had the Steak Rancheros it was pretty good. The broth was the best part.  The meat was very tender.  Make sure to get salsa from the salsa bar, the food is not spicy st all.
5	I have tried fili b's and federicos.. Lazaros is by far the best taco shop in Phoenix! Everything is very very good! Their carne asada burritos, supreme nachos and fish tacos are AMAZING! You really cant go wrong with anything in the menu! Their portions are very well served and They have a full salsa bar that complimets your food very well. The staff is very attentive, friendly and nice.. Its a very low key place to grab a quick bite.. They have no drive-tru but the food is so good its definitely worth getting out of  your car for.
4	Stopped in before a Cardinals game. Everything is freshly made to order. Very clean place, owners are great, very friendly. The portions are huge!! I ordered a fish taco and a carnitas taco, one was like a meal! Both were delish. My husband ordered the special which was shrimp soup, it was a very large bowl filled with many large, pink, sweet shrimp and veggies in a very flavorful broth! Our dining partners ordered burritos that were huge and yummy! No alcohol, but no problem! Hope it doesn't get too crowded before the game now that I have given it away. Don't let the non-di script appearance fool you. It is a hidden gem!!! Please try it!!!
5	First time coming to this restaurant , so I was kind of nervous when i didn't see other customers inside , but I'm glad we still have it a try , portions are huge & prices are just right . My daughter got just one carne Asada taco and that thing was packed with meat , I ordered a carnitas taco and chicken tostada , I didn't thing that I'd get full off one taco , but I did and it was delicious , I saved the tostada for later and was still delicious . And on top of that ordered a carne Asada quesadilla which was also Amazing , I'm not too much of a carne Asada fan because usually most places are bland and dry but the carne Asada here was to die for . Can't wait to go back and try the other things on the menu , thank goodness this is close to home .
5	This place opened up about a year ago, under new ownership. I must say it has improved drastically! Better customer service, better food, and the best of all, larger serving portions! I take my family here regularly and its a family night out going to Lazaros! 5 stars!
