5	Congratulations China on opening a second location! A natural Hair Salon in Tempe, AZ is right on time, the Glendale location is great so I know this one will have the same feel.
4	No complaints on my end. I have a TWA and got a basic shampoo and trim done here. Staff didn't double- or triple-book or try and sell me products. My stylist did give me suggestions and show me what she used , but I didn't feel any pressure to purchase products.
5	Rare Essence is the best place to go for all your natural hair needs. Braids, twists, locks, etc. i love it. My wife loves it. Service is fantastic. My kids are 5 and 4 yrs old and they play on the  ipad while mommy gets her hair styled. My wifes confidence boosted when I had her go natural. She is beautiful and high ranking at her careers. Everyone compliments her hair, especially white people whom some  dont have the ability to style their hair the same way. Now we network together and China, the owner, only exceeds in business.
5	Hours....Wednesday - Saturday:10am-5pmThis is a natural hair care salon. i drove up to the Rare Essence Studio from Tucson just to have my hair braided in November 2013 after a stylist in Denver highly recommended them to me. It was well worth the drive.  One of the first things that I notice about a salon is the cleanliness. I was pleasantly delighted that the salon was VERY clean.Essence was my stylist. She is truly professional. I was going to be traveling overseas for a few weeks and she took the time to explain to me which styles would hold well as well as how to maintain the style for optimum appearance and health of my hair. She only concentrated on one customer at a time and gave them her full attention. All of the stylists in the salon seem to be very polite and knowledgeable AND they seemed to get along thus making the atmosphere very welcoming and pleasant.It's best to check the website or give the salon a call to get a specific idea of how much the style will cost that you're interested in. The prices were very reasonable and they also have a nice selection of natural hair care products.
1	The employees must be giving the review on here.
1	Site advertises $30/hour for takedown of braids and I was told in store that it's $60/hour for the flat...lol bye bye
2	I'm only giving this 2 stars because the first time I went there the owner, China did my hair. I just went natural and came in for a wash and trim. She was wonderful and the price was great. She took care of my hair and I didn't feel like she was trying to up charge me or scare me into coming there every other week to be able to grown my hair and she gave some great advice. The next time I went which was this past summer I was scheduled with another stylist. If I were to rate this review only on this past experience I'd give it only 1 star. Not only did I arrive and the shop was not open yet but I waited in front for at least 10 minutes until people started showing up and then I sat for another 10 until my stylist decided to show up. I came in for the same thing as last time. A trim and wash. I saw that I could get a conditioner for $15 more on the wall so I decided to add that. My total should have been $30 I believe and when I got to the register they asked for $50. I said for what I just got a trim and wash and conditioner. Well they explained something weird to me like the conditioner is only an add for that price and so they had to charge me separately for the trim, and shampoo which isn't listed or at least wasn't at that time, and then also for the conditioner. Long story short they gave allowed me to pay for what i was original quoted but said next time I should know better. Also I left with my hair very dry and they cut my hair dry (China did it while it was still wet and asked me before which was I wore my hair the most to make that decision) and all she did for the styling that came with that basic treat was one french braid. I doubt that I'll be going there again anytime soon.
