4	What a clean and organized shop! It is located on the 9th floor of a big office tower. It's not a place you would expect to find a comic book store. Access is easy though. The shop is well organized, bright, and clean. There is a good mix of modern, silver age, and some golden age comics. The staff is friendly and courteous. They left me alone to browse which is nice but it's also easy to strike up a conversation with them. The associates there are definitely comic book fans. It was not hard to find lots of great comic books to buy!I always expect to see a selection or display of statues, toys, and shirts in a comic shop and that was missing here. Walls should be decorated with posters too. While I appreciate how clean and organized the shop was, I have to say that it was spartan. This shop is definitely one for the comic book collector to check out!
5	Montreal's best comic store!On the top floor of an office building on the corner of St Catherine and Peel street, it is easy to get to... and right near the Peel metro station.The staff are all comic book people and are super friendly and happy to help you find the right bookBTW they have over 50,000 comics in stock so either bring your want list or plan to stay for awhile to check it all outGolden Age and Silver Age collectors will also be very happy they paid a visitReally in terms of comics this is one of the best stores in the Montreal area... A big selection of newsstand books, trades, supplies, back issues...everything a comic fan wantsIf you are the kind who likes to have a reserve list they will give you a 25% discount off your new comic books
5	Great shop, great service! They also provide you decent discounts on titles you buy regularly. The place may be a little hard to find the first time, but after that you'll surely go back!
5	I didn't start buying Comics since last 2 months. I've tried several places where you kind of want to have good service, good volumes, great amount of material.After buying more and more comics compulsively for most of the time I decided I would go in a Store. Alright so I'll just list why this is THE place!1: Great variety2: Clean store,3: Nice knowledgeable staff4: Good pricing (US$ price on each comics)5: They do Pull List. So what's a pull list? you give a deposit of 20$ & you pay as you order If you had a credit card number to pre-approved the transaction, you'll get from 20% off to 25% off rebate on the US$ price which is very competitive and insure you get all your monthly release and not stock to wait for a volume to come out and buy it so you can read the missed number. Also good information they deal in Numemastic and collectables. They have some super heros/art related but it's not where they specialize. As a new repeating customer, I can clearly see why some people would elect this place as their place for comics! Only weird thing which is also nice, it's that it's Downtown, in a Building that looks for office, kind of old place too, and they are on the 7th floor (since they moved in mid-june 2013).It was concerning but I've done other places and I go back to this one!
