2	slow drive thru!
3	I'm not much of a burger person so the place has to be REALLY good for me to give it anything more than 3 stars.  I will say though, their Oreo shake is delicious and I highly recommend it.Their burgers (I had the Original) is a step above McDonald's but comparable to a Wendy's or maybe even a Red Robin.  I still prefer a 5 Guys or In N Oubt.This particular location, I thought the service was 2 stars, maybe 2.5.  Our dinner cost $21.34 but the debit card receipt said $21.44.  I know it's only 10 cents but it's the principle of the matter.  I have never been charged incorrectly.  I'm probably going to let it go b'c it's not worth the gas money but seriously, not cool.  Other than getting charged +10cents incorrectly, the cashier lady wasn't very friendly.  I put on a smile, I said thank you and how r u and got minimal response back.  Comeon now, I know you probably don't like your job but at least make it so I enjoy coming here.After I"m writing this, maybe it does deserve 2 stars .... but it was a decent burger and yummy Oreo Shake.  Just double check your receipt.
3	Good burgers, fries, and shakes!
1	The employees here regularly ignore the drive through, especially late at night to very early morning.  This particular day it was actually around 11:30am.  We sat for 15min or so at the intercom, dead silence.  Then decided to pull up to the window directly thinking maybe the intercom was broken or something.  Sat at the window for a few minutes, still nobody came.  Knocked on the window, as an employee walked by.  They waved and kept walking, so we went elsewhere for lunch.  I called the store maybe 10min after and needless to say, I got the same treatment, only this time with chuckling in the background.  I hung up...  Generally I don't have high expectations from fast food places these days, but this was ridiculous.  This is certainly not indicative of all their stores, but this one needs some help in general customer service.
5	I really love the food !!!! Specially the six dollars menu burgers even the new items are pretty good one of the best place to get a burger
3	Very quick service.  Perfect pit stop on the way to California.  It is also the last piece of civilization before Blythe. Safe quick food. You know what you are going to get at Carls!
4	The burgers still ok now you can get bigger size on the meat but I don't recommend the salads not good  I rather buy lettuce and make own salad than buy another from thereFrom now on I only will buy burgers!!!!
