5	Dr. Wareing is absolutely the best doctor I have ever encountered in my life! She is so nice and you can definitely tell that she loves her job. She is so good at explaining all things in plain english instead of "doctor talk" and has never, ever made me feel like she was rushing through an appointment. I know her office is always very busy with patients, so it is nice that she still takes the time to make you feel important. I have since moved quite a ways away from her office, but continue to drive across town whenever I need an appointment. Thank you Dr. Wareing!
5	LOVE Dr. Sally.  She is always so great with me and the questions I ask. She explains things in plain English and does not talk over your head.  I never feel rushed and I always feel like her priority.
3	I really loved Dr. Wareing when I had her. She was is super kind and attentive. She tended to ask a couple of times during the appointment, "Do you have any other questions?" She wanted to make sure I wasn't sitting at home worrying about anything. She has very good communication skills. The office staff has always been very kind in my experience as well.But looking back at my experience I realized I wish she had been more cautious about my situation. I was having contractions for months. At my 36th week appointment she said I was dilated to 3 cm, offered to strip my membranes, but said she was going to send me to the hospital anyway, (and by the way, "you know I'm going out out of the country tomorrow, right?). She acted like having the baby before 37 weeks was no big deal. This was my first, and I liked her, and I didn't know what to think so I just trusted my doctor. She did say that the baby might have problems latching, but sort of down played it. I don't know if she really didn't think it was that big of a deal or if she really thought I was going to have that baby that day and was trying not to stress me out. But the reality is when I got to the hospital and I wasn't dilating any more, instead of sending me home she broke my water and I had the baby later that night. I wouldn't say that she pressured me to have the baby early, but I was a first time mom and I needed someone to tell me what the smartest/safest thing to do was. I didn't really get that.For people that have complained that she only takes women who are pregnant, I can tell you that she probably already has too many patients as it is and you'd do better elsewhere. I would sometimes wait for an hour or more in the office if she was delivering a baby or something (only one Dr in the office and all). Plus, when I moved out of town and tried to get them to move my records. I have never had such a battle in my life. The (very kind) nurse at the desk said she was really sorry but Dr. Wareing had been delivering babies "non-stop, getting no sleep" that week and hadn't had time to sign off on my records. Finally my husband had to call and threaten to go all the way to Phoenix and stand in their office until they gave us the records. The sent them the next day. It took them 29 days.
5	Dr. Wareing has taken care of me with both of my babies, my second one just so happen to have a little bit of extra love (T21) & I seriously can't believe how supportive she was of everything I was going through which seriously is what I needed. The absolute best! I recommend her for all new moms :-)
1	This practice got a lot of great reviews and I am looking for a new doctor so I give them a call! Someone answers the phone and I am told that they are only taking patients that are pregnant? What? I am planning on being pregnant in the near future and need a great doctor to help me with that so wtf? The person on the phone was kinda rude and short as if they don't need your business  that is so disrespectful... I guess they make more money with pregnant woman and I wonder if they really love their patients more then profit as they say on the website
5	Best OB Dr. ever!  My wife and I love Dr. Wareing. She is so caring and personable, we can't wait for appointments to see her.
5	The joy we had bringing our daughter into this world was amplified by having Dr. Wareing see us through it. I can't recommend her enough.
5	Dr Wareing is a passionate, personable and knowledgable OB/GYN.  I recently gave birth to our first child and Dr Wareing guided my husband and I through the entire pregnancy and birth with grace and care. I would recommend Dr Wareing to anyone. She is the sole provider in her practice so you are guaranteed to receive top notch care. The support staff at Dr Sally's office is caring and friendly. Dr Sally makes you her priority and makes you feel so special. She really cares about each patient.  The staff at the hospital all rave about Dr Wareing - which I feel goes a long way!!
