1	The worst experiance in my 66 years old of dealing with management personnel.Started renovating tile in bathroom in september of 2011. Recieved bad tiles in first purchase returned them and recieved bad tiles again. Returned these tiles and recieved bad tiles again.After 3 times returning tiles management said they would inspect the tiles for all good ones.  we picked up tiles for the 4th time and out of 40 27 are bad.  We owe our contractor $300.00 for wasted time spent at our house.  Manager will not compensate us.  DO NOT BUY TILES FROM "The Tile Shop" in Charlotte nc.  Dana Barge the manager will not treat you fairly.  We will have to go to court now.
5	I am a designer and my husband is a remodeling contractor. We purchase or spec a LOT of tile.  From our experience, The Tile Shop is well managed, responsive, well priced, and reliable. What I like about the showroom is that they have a small quantity of the actual tiles on the shelves below their boards, which you can purchase by the tile to take with you when shopping around, or even come in and grab a few extra pieces if you run a few short when installing your order. The reps are knowledgeable and helpful, and the showroom is large enough for them to show you actual sample installations of a lot of their product. Orders have come in on time, and when there was an issue with damaged tiles or when we've had to return overages they have been very easy to work with.
4	I have been to The Tile Shop twice in the last week.  Great selection and very knowledgeable sales associates.  As a novice DIY, I attended the class they offer free on Saturday mornings.  The teacher may not have been a great presenter, but he did know what he was talking about and I certainly learned a lot.  I would recommend for anyone trying to determine if a tile project is better served by a professional or if your project is something an amateur can handle.    This store was certainly better than the other tile store we went to and absolutely no comparison to Home Depot of Lowes where customer service with real knowledge and experience is hard to find.
