3	Ah yes -- the lone pinkish building on the corner of Frank Lloyd Wright and the 101.  Earl's is a good place to have a business meeting.  It's good pretty good food and pretty good service.  It's got ambiance that give it a slightly masculine character, while being quiet enough to appeal to a lady.  (Read:  It ain't a sports bar, and yet it's kinda manly).It's standard 'Americana' fare, with a bit of seafood flair thrown in for good measure.  I've had the Ceasar Salad and some noodly dishes and they were good.  Good enough to keep telling my wife that I need to take her there.It's a bit pricey.If you're in the area and you have some cash to burn, check this place out.
2	I only ate here once but it was expensive and unremarkable. Generic American food. I would rather grab a burger at In-and-Out.
3	The food is whatever, but it is not a bad place to stop off for drinks...  they have some of the best bloody mary's in the valley...
3	Earl's is a Canadian chain of casual restaurants, started in Vancouver, B.C. The idea was to hire pretty (or handsome) college kids to work there, so you have a friendly, attractive staff. Earl's in Scottsdale has it's share of ASU Co-eds working there from time to time to fit this mold. The food is casual, with basic American dishes, but with a decidely Pacific Rim influence. For instance, they have a nice little "Bento Box" with edamame, appetizer sized grilled salmon, 4 california roll sushi, and a little ginger soy salad. The bar has sports on 3 plasmas but without sound. This place gets it share of snowbirds, and especially when the Barrett-Jackson car auction is on, you'll get a few flashy types. Otherwise, it is really a neighborhood hang out with a steady group of regulars. Has a patio with TVs and Spray Misters.
4	Cool after work hangout in north Scottsdale. Incredibly crappy service disguised with nice legs in fishnet stockings. Beers are pricey except during happy hour. Their dry ribs are a must try. OK, I like it.
2	Roland stole the words right out of my mouth. We definitely could not think of anywhere else to go this early day Sol y Sombra doesnt open till 5 so this is where we ended up. The menu looked way too diverse and nothing sounding really appetizing. Drinks were ok, my friend had to send back his basic martini due to weakness. I tried a regular Mojito first and it wasn't the best and then a cucumber one that was pretty interesting but nothing fabulous here except for the tv's on the bar side that is. Maybe there is better food choices in the restaurant??? Probably wont be back here unless I am made to!
4	Ah, the freeway.  Right effing there, like, on the patio.  I'm thinking perhaps the restuarant came before the freeway, otherwise this was just poor planning.  Nevertheless, Earl's is a good place.  Its huge, for one, and is asthetically pleasing, both inside and out.  Giant bar with lots of premium liquid, and drink specials suited for the time of year (think pink drinks for cancer awareness month, peppermint whathaveyous for Christmas).  Great wine selection too.  I did find it kind of annoying though since my bf and I sat on the patio (complete with Range Rover/Escalade parade) where there was no happy hour.  NO HAPPY HOUR.  What?  Only in the lounge inside does happy hour reside.  Doesnt make me happy.  Extensive menu though and large portions...I had the portobellini sandwhich which had great flavor, and the bf had the club...but you can have your choice of everything from sushi rolls to steak and everything in between.  Fantastic service...good relaxing vibe.
3	Went for lunch. Ate in the bar. Pretty good american fare with asian and southwest influence.  I had the shrimp tacos which were fantastic. Full bar and OK draft beer selection. I particularly liked the double fried spareribs appetizer. Went great with a cold beer on a hot afternoon.
3	I've been to the Vancouver, Canada location as well.  Food is average to above average, and I find myself getting the pizza each time.  Beverages are generous but pricey, and it has an upscale feel to it, though it is not formal by any means.  You can't miss it from plain view when you exit the 101 southbound at the Frank Lloyd Wright exit.
2	The patio is nice if you like sitting in a parking lot right next to a busy freeway on one side and a busy road on the other side.The food was just like all the other food you can get in Scottsdale - nothing original. I ended up ordering bread and a salad because being vegan, there was nothing on the menu I could eat.That being said, I asked about the tomato soup they were serving that day. The waitress asked about the stock - and yes, it did have chicken stock in it. So I explained I can't have it because it has meat in it. Then I ordered the mixed greens. She asked me if I wanted the full salad or the little wedge. Well, the menu said they had a small version of mixed greens, so that I what I thought they meant...small mixed greens salad. Apparently what I ordered was a slab of iceberg lettuce with blue cheese and bacon bits on it.So for $4.50 I got to eat some plain iceberg lettuce - apparently the waitress didn't register that not eating meat stock in the soup didn't translate to bacon on the salad...and apparently my small mixed greens meant iceberg lettuce.I let her know later that she should have thought about the meat thing - she apologized and then charged me the $4.50 for the slab of iceberg lettuce. Great.
2	My husband and I went here after a movie out (we had a babysitter for our two kids)....we were there around 9 and the kids who worked there seemed it was there right since it wasn't busy to play....it was terrible...the help was...our server sucked big time.food was o.k. -I will never go back, ever!
4	I like Earl's, not fancy, but very good food most of the time.  I had their Cajun Blackened Chicken and 1/2 rib combo, and it was outstanding.  The environment is very nice, the bar area is cool with a large central bar on the left hand side of the building as you go in. Also, their artichoke dip is outstanding.  Fair prices as well across the board for their food.
4	Earl's I have eaten at on several different occasions. The lunch crowd is loud and noisy. The bar area is hoping in the evenings.Aside from that, the service is usually prompt and efficient. They have floor managers who check up on you often.All around okay and the food is more than decent. No wifi is a bummer.
3	Even if the 101 is close by, the patio is really cute. Huge fireplace, lots of foliage, and music. Great place to go on a lunch break and escape work. I had the soup(clam chowder), salad (mixed greens) and pan bread. The mixed green salad had a great dressing on it but not much else mixed with it. The clam chowder was really good and I am picky about my clam chowder. It tasted homemade and had lots of clams. The pan bread is pretty average, it tasted like the focaccia you get at Costco and then dipped in olive oil. The menu online is the menu for their Canadian locations so I was really bummed out to find out they didn't serve the chicken with apples and brie sandwich at this location. Next time I eat at Earl's I would try their dinner or maybe one of their sandwiches.
3	Came to lunch with a bunch of my coworkers. We made reservations on the patio and although it is right next to a busy intersection and the freeway I really didn't notice either. I really liked their patio and all of  trees provided plenty of shade. It was still a little chilly out when we were here for lunch, but they had a fire going in the outdoor fireplace on which made sitting outside much more comfortable. I wasn't very hungry so I ordered the Dynamite Shrimp Roll, which came with 8 pieces of sushi. It had a little bit of a kick to it which I enjoyed, but I could taste the scallions the rest of the day.  The rest of the table had salads and sandwiches which came in pretty generous portions. Although they were pretty busy, service was beyond slow. We had finished eating at least 15 minutes (but I'm thinking it was even longer than that) before they brought us the check. This normally wouldn't have bothered me if it had been around the dinner hour, but most people only have an hour for lunch and want to get in and out.This place is a bit pricey compared to a lot of the other lunch options around the airpark, but it's a nice place to go for lunch or drinks.
4	Stopped at Earl's last night for a last minute happy hour. The inside of the restaurant had an older upper class lounge setting which I enjoyed. I also really liked the outside fireplaces. The staff was friendly and our waitress stayed on top of getting our drinks out to us quickly. I also enjoyed that their happy hour went until 6:30pm. Gives those who work plenty of time to enjoy the HH prices.  The roasted garlic flatbread was very flavorful but small. They could make it slightly larger for sharing. I would definitely give this place another try.
2	I go to this place because it's close, but to be honest it just about drives me crazy. The ambience is great, the bar is great -- it really should be, well, great. But it ain't...I have been there with business associates four times in the past two months -- twice sitting at the bar and twice at a cocktail table. Every single time the wait and bar staff were just not good. Not friendly, not available, not interested. Very hard to put in a drink order. Very hard to get a water glass filled. Very hard to order food. Every time. If you're interested in a place to sit down and talk without having to spend any money, this might be your place because it's near impossible to order a drink. The only challenge with that is half the time they have an "extremely-loud-for-the-amount-of-people-in-the-bar-talking" type of atmosphere. If you're patient, the food is pretty good. All that said, since it's in such a great location, I'm sure I will have to get back in the saddle again, however. I just hope they get serious about service.
4	Good food, great service, beautiful staff. Good happy hour for food.
1	$10.49 for a breakfast burrito with no sides and served on a small bed of iceberg lettuce. The service was about as lame as the prices. We had to go to Taco Bell afterward because we were still hungry. Sad but true.
4	With a name like Earls, you'd expect some greasy diner, but instead you get a somewhat upscale restaurant with an eclectic list of meal options.  Although the place is fairly pricey, the food is awesome.  We tried the shrimp rolls with the crunchy center (excellent), the cajun chicken (which reminded me of the Louisiana that I just visited), and the creme brulee (a don't miss, with its real vanilla beans--which drives my gf wild).  The service is friendly and they'll good care of you.
3	Great food, great service, great HH. Don't go too often though.
3	Earl's is like a booty call - always available for a good time but there's not much beneath the surface.Go here for HH drinks, go elsewhere to eat.
5	I have to say I'm a bit surprised by the other reviews. A friend an I went for lunch. We were seated right away and had excellent customer service the entire time. The black bean soup was amazing as well as my mushroom Swiss burger. Well done yet juicy and flavorful.  My friend had the chicken tacos an side salad and she was as equally impressed. Will definitely go here a again.
1	not very pleased won't return.
3	My wife and I went here last weekend for dinner armed with a certificate from Local Dines ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ).  The place was about 3/4 full so we were seated right away.  The place has a real great vibe to it though I couldn't tell you what type of decor they were going for.  I also couldn't tell you what type of cuisine this place tries to specialize in.  They have some interesting stuff but their offerings seemed pretty random to me.Our waitress was very friendly and helpful but it is clear this place sticks too many tables to a single waitress so some things like drink refills took too long.Here is what I tried:* Crispy Dry Ribs Appetizer - these were very interesting and unique.  Although I normally like my ribs oily, tender and juicy; these had a good flavor and interesting texture.  A bit too salty for me though.  I'm glad I tried these as I've never had 'dry ribs' before.*Small Wedge Salad - this was excellent and not overly huge.  Blue-cheesy and bacony just the way I like it!  It is probably enough to share as well.*The Bronx Burger (without the bun or onion rings) - This is definitely NOT a $15 burger.  It was moderately sized and pretty good tasting but WAY over priced.  The condiments such as the roasted garlic aioli, red pepper relish, cheese, etc. were not very tasty and were just 'eh.  They sounded much better than they actually were.  The fries were just ok as well.  This was not a spectacular burger to me.  The meat did have good flavor however and was cooked perfectly.All-in-all it was a pretty solid meal at a pretty solid place.  If I lived very close by I would probably go more often, but I don't and it certainly isn't special enough for a long drive.
4	We met friends on a Sunday so we waited in the bar, had good service getting a drink while we waited.  Once they arrived, we decided to stay in the bar but moved to a booth.  Our waitress arrived immediately and was very attentive.  Our table had burger and fries, sushi, and dry ribs.  Everyone was happy with food, drinks and service.It is quite dark when first coming in but eyes get adjusted.  Lots of staff at the front door to seat people and it wasn't busy.  The bartender told us happy hour starts at 3:30 so we will probably be back to try that out.
4	Good food. A little pricey for pub food. Would definitely return, though. We split dry wings(salt and pepper rubbed) and the Bronx burger.  Both were tasty
4	Since we brought some gift cards with us that I got free using a points program we went for lunch. We are very familiar with Earls back home and what to expect. This location exceeded them.We had Leroy's Crispy Dry Ribs($9.75). They were really good. They had the right amount of s&p and were meaty and not fatty.The husband had Los Cabos Chicken Tacos($13.00). While there were only 2 they were stuffed!.I had the Pecan Chicken Maple Spinach Salad($15.00) Mmmmmm it was amazing! There was lots of bacon, brie and cherries :P .My only 2 complaints are that the chicken in my salad should have had a more crispy coating and the mojito I ordered was fresh but oh so weak and I am not a real drinker but I love strong mojitos.The service was great and we will be going back!
1	I used to be a regular here.  I'd always get take out on the days I worked (around 10:30 pm) and go there on my days off with friends.  When I moved about 6 months ago I stopped getting food from here because it was a little too far.  Now I'm back in the area and even though it was only 6 months I decided it was still probably a good idea to check and see when they closeSo I called at 7:30-8pm and the nice little lady said that they didn't close until "midnight".  WONDERFUL :)So I get there at 10:30, and they're all locked up with the lights off!!  So after inspecting the place for a minute I walk back to my car and run into the employees!  Guess they randomly decided to close early!  In my eyes that is just one very rude way of telling your customers to EFF off and that you don't care about them.GREAT JOB EARLS!  I won't be going there to waste my money on a business ran by idiots that can't seem to know that midnight is 12am, not 10:30 pm!!
3	This is a very nice dinner restaurant which I've always liked. My gripe is their lunch - which is anything but remarkable. How can one place be great at Chinese food, reubens, chicken tacos, pasta, burgers, seafood, and steaks? (they can't) I think Earl's would be better off to focus on a specialty - maybe grilled burgers, steak sandwiches, chops, and steaks? They also need to isolate their outdoor patio from the freeway on-ramp with some bushes or a wall.
4	Bittersweet review.  We had a tremendous dining experience recently.  Tasty entrees, cold drinks, great service, and loved the atmosphere.  The problem is that Earls is closing this Thursday July 14th.  Too bad because they are executing very well.On a positive note, Twin Peaks restaurants out of Dallas is taking over the space.  So, I look forward to trying the new restaurant, and bid farewell to Earls and hope they figure out a way to reopen in Scottsdale.
5	Business CLOSED!!!!! Shut down within the last two weeks, per the folks at Discount Tire next store.
1	JULY 29, 2011 == noticed  the restaurant's  sign is gone -- definitely should call before trying to arrange a gathering here!
