5	There are so many wonderful things I could say about Rob Barry and the service he has done for my family and I. I have hired him as my attorney on several occasions and he has always done a fantastic job. I would put my name on the line any day of the week in recommending him to people I know and have done so many times. In no other circumstance, would I recommend somebody so highly to represent you in any legal matter, small or large.Without disclosing precisely, my legal issues, I can say that he is EXCEPTIONALLY talented at making a strong case in auto accident cases. Although he has helped me successfully with a wide range of issues, he is a Knight in Shining Armor when it comes to accidents. Do not hesitate to hire Mr. Barry if you were hit. I'm telling you, stop reading this right now and call him. He is the best they come.There are a few specific qualities that really set Rob apart from other attorneys I have worked with. First of all, his fees are very reasonable. But the greatest part of dealing with Rob, is that you can pretty much always be sure that he will answer his phone or get back to you extremely fast. He explains everything you need to know about your rights, responsibilities and what to expect as your case moves forward. You never feel out of the loop. He answers all of your questions extensively and is never too busy to talk to you. He moves really fast with paperwork. If you've used Rob's services, then you must know how much of a relief it is to have him represent you. There is a great feeling of protection and confidence I have whenever Rob is handling my legal issues. People in need of legal services deserve to know about Rob. Feel free to shoot me a message if you have any further questions about hiring him.
5	Robert is a fantastic attorney. I am a fellow lawyer in the community, but dedicate my practice to worker's comp and employment law. I never hesitate to refer personal injury cases to Robert. He is fantastic. Matt C. Fendon, Esq.
5	I hired Attorney Rob Barry after I was in a car accident.  Although I didn't sustain any broken bones, I did incur soft tissue and nerve pain as I had had major back surgery 2 yrs. prior.  Atty. Barry skillfully handled my case and negotiated an insurance settlement that far exceeded my expectations.  The case took a 11/2 years to resolve and I was kept apprised every step of the way.  Any calls I made were returned promptly and questions answered timely.  I highly recommend Attorney Barry. He is extremely competent and knowledgable and knows how to get things done.  I will not hesitate to refer my friends or family to him!
5	Rob is one top notch attorney. No matter what your case is, he will represent you with class and professionally.  He's experienced in all aspects of the law and will assist you with any legal matter.
