1	My friends and I have been on this thai craze lately and since this place was close by us, we decided to check it out. We walked in and it was empty. We were the only ones in there besides the employees. We kind of wanted to leave but didn't want to be rude. Anyway we got three different dishes and samosa for our appetizer. The samosa was delicious! We almost ordered more but came to our senses. Our dishes arrived and they were dry. I'm used to saucy dishes to soak my rice in. This place not so much. I didn't even have a favorite dish because I disliked them all equally :(The prices are cheap but they charge you for refills on your drink which is ridiculous. I won't be back. I was hoping they'd be good since they are so close but sadly I was disappointed. Oh well! On to the next!
4	Being a fan of locally owned restaurants is a large part of what Yelp is all about. Here is a great example of a restaurant that is in a strip mall, locally owned, and under advertised. Karen Thai was recommended to us by a friend and we were not disappointed.This place is casual, and maybe a bit pedestrian to look at. The seating is in booths with marble top tables, we were told to pick our own seat by the one and only service person that we saw. He promptly stopped at our table and asked us what we would like to drink. We got waters with an ice tea, it turned out to be their green tea on ice... it was a nice change to the standard tea. He did offer us a nice range of drinks including Thai tea, sodas, in general the usual list of non-alcoholic beverages.We ordered the deep fried shrimp appetizer, We could have made a whole meal of them. The sweet chili sauce that they brought with it was as good as we have ever had. The shrimp were wrapped in wonton wraps, deep fried then delivered hot to the table. SCORE!For the rest of our meal we split the Tom Yum soup, $9.95 was the price and you could select from Chicken, Pork or Tofu as the primary ingredient. We like the Tom Yum with seafood, it wasn't an option so we picked the chicken. We were delighted at the rich taste of the broth, the mushrooms were plentiful so overall it was filling. We ate till we were full, and did not order anything more as this had done it! We came home with more soup for snacks.Having to use the restrooms was slightly less appealing, the restroom was clean but someone had left an empty container of hair grease in the bottom of the empty paper dispenser/mirror. They did have paper, just not in the one right in front of me. So maybe it was just a bit on the flukey side, but the lights were out when entering as well. We are looking forward to going back. The bill totaled $24 dollars so it is right in line with other Thai restaurants. This is not your best bet for a romantic evening, it was very nice as a family or casual spot to eat.
5	Awesome place. Very friendly people. Service is always fast and I'd highly recommend to anyone looking for authentic Thai food.
5	I've officially discovered a #1Derful new favorite place 2 conduct business luncheons w/ associ8es, & get 2gethers w/ friends &/or clients (they have take-out 2) while enjoying saliv8ingly savory fare 4 my very selective palate.   Let me start by saying Thai isn't typically a favorite type of food 4 me (a bit 2 spicy other locales), but this place really won me over!! I used 2 frequent this loc8ion quite a bit when it was a mongolian grill place back in the day, so a dear friend & I decided 2 venture in 2 check out the menu of this new place (@ least 2 us). Didn't take long b4 we knew we were gonna stay, getting 2 choose where we sat 2 go over their extensively impressive regular menu & lunch specials.   Took a long time 2 make up our minds on an entree as each item sounded even better than the 1 read b4, so I tried a UNIQUELY AMAZING out-of-this-world Tapioca coconut smoothie called Boba, there's nothing like it & they have several other flavors 2 choose from: strawberry, avocado, mango, papaya, taro, honeydew (there may b more, can't remember them all). We decided 2 start w/ the crispy Veggie Rolls 4 an appetizer which comes w/ the perfect complimentary sauce ~HIGHLY RECOMMENDED~  till we could finger (oopsie, meant figure) out the main courses we wanted. Really they're a top finger food 2 try 4 only $2 to boot!  After wolfing them down, we were brought a delectable cup of soup Tom Yum/Tom Ka (1 w/ meat, 1 w/ cutest tiny tofu squares) No musical dishes please! I finally decided on the Green Curry w/ Assorted Vegetables as I'm Vegan (Tofu is available 2) but carnivorous choices are: chicken, pork, beef & $2 if u want shrimp. My lunch d8 ordered the Stir~Fried Ginger w/ Chicken (they R'nt a Veg~head so we can give a sampling of both spectrums).  Both presentable entrees had ample portions, being quickly consumed even between lengthy convers8ions. Btw, OUR SERVER WAS PERFECT & took care of Entire restaurant including 2~go orders in a friendly, efficient & professional manner. He was inform8ively helpful, p8ient, & had 1 of the best dispositions I've experienced ever w/ a w8er!!  What I REALLY LOVE about this place other than the AWESOME Food w/ FRESH QUALITY ingredients, EXCEPTIONAL Service, & Convenient Loc8ion is that all dishes can b CUSTOMIZED/PERSONALIZED 2 ur liking or dietary needs. Mild or Spicy, with or without meat & several selections 2 meet ur  preference. They even have a special GLUTEN~FREE soy sauce (w/ the green cap) 4 Celiacs/Gluten intolerants.  The classy/casual atmosphere is perfect 4 dressed up or down w/ marble tables & beautifully quaint decor. We dined among patrons who wore stuffy business attire, shorts flip~flops & t's, & even construction workers... how cool is that to find a nice comfortable anything~goes environment where no1 felt out of place?  There r MANY more dishes I anticip8 trying in the very near future such as Papaya salad & sticky rice w/ Mango dessert (when in season) 2 name a couple but I'd encourage any1 2 give them a try, coming from some1 who usually didn't care much 4 the usual THAI, Karen Thai Cuisine is far from typical @ pleasantly exceeded ALL expect8ions in an all~encompassing fashion!  Now might b a perfect time 2 take them up on some savings w/ their $35 for $25 deal ~ Didn't know about it b4 going, but was still WELL WORTH THE $27 Tot spent 4 both of us & afterwards bought deal 2 use 4 l8er as I'll def b returning!!! (Didn't say: b back as that Arnold quote is so overplayed/used & people really need 2 start getting original anyhow). Hope this helps those who actually got through it (even tho u might b cross~eyed by now) SS! It's only fair after enjoying such a delightful experience, that this STELLAR eatery receives the review they're deserving of...
5	So I returned following day 2 redeem the yelp deal, but this time w/ 1 of my vegetarian dinner d8es so they could get familiar w/ their offerings. It was even busier this time which I expected being it was Sat Evening as opposed 2 a Wk~Day.  We had the same server who appears 2 pretty much run the entire establishment (except 4 all the cooking) w8ing on us & all the other patrons in the restaurant & did so w/o a hitch. Seriously, think this Super Server guy should wear a cape!  ;-)   I started w/ the Crispy Veggie Rolls again (had 2 b done)!  He ordered the Fried Tofu appetizer.  Both Scrumptious items were shared & gone in minutes.  I suggested he try a Boba tapioca drink which he selected the Mango flavor, savoring it 4 dur8ion of our dining experience. They're served w/ really thick straws which r required 4 retrieving the tapioca  pearls from the bottom of the glass. Refer 2 smoothie looking pic some1 posted of 1 of these concoctions YUMMY!!   He went w/ the Pineapple Fried Rice w/ shrimp which also had scallions, carrots, cilantro, green onions & cashew nuts.  I ordered the Stir Cashew Nut w/ Tofu which comes w/ bell peppers, water chestnuts, carrots, onions & cashew nuts in sauce.  Both were HEAVENLY, tasting as good as they smelled.  I don't eat shrimp, so I tasted his dish w/o it eating any of those.     I have 2 say the present8ion of all dishes I've seen r served very artistically & I appreci8 when the taste/flavor, smell & present8ion all coincide in balanced synchronicity w/o lacking in any of these given respects or in service as is typically found elsewhere.    The only thing that could have been better this time was our table top could have been cleaned a bit better, felt the Slightest bit sticky.  But being we had 2 sit further back/closer 2 the kitchen due 2 the influx, it was very busy & this guy runs most of this show on his own w/o any assistance from behind the scenes, it's not enough 2 warrant a less star deduction. Another enjoyable 5* experience w/ an added fan of their fare. He Loved it as much as my previous lunch d8 & I did! No surprise...   I 4got 2 check our itemized receipt (the green 1 they keep) 2 c if we were charged 4 refills, so will have 2 keep that in mind on my excursion 4 next time's outing there 2 report the findings on that topic. Perhaps it's an old practice they used 2 have when 1st opening that they've done away w/ (or @ least hope such is the case). It wouldn't b a complete deal~breaker because their  food, service & the dining experience is OUTSTANDING, but I wouldn't partake of any extra IF they do charge 4 them.
4	Great new lunch spot! Under new ownership. Restaurant is clean and the staff is super friendly. And most importantly the food is DELICIOUS! Our new spot for sure!
5	Love the padthai! Also the shrimp rolls.. So much food and very inexpensive. The service is also fantastic. My favorite Thai spot yet!
2	Descent food bad service.  Ordered green curry with beef. They brought yellow curry with chicken. Then for the bill we had 3 different checks he put 2 on mine. Not recommended.
5	I came in a little late almost toward closing so I ordered take out, got the pad thai noodle with tofu. Friendly employees, got water while waiting and the wait was alright not too long. Pretty big restaurant with over ten tables. Will come early next time to check out what else they have and stay to eat.
5	I got here just as they were closing and they still helped me out. Great service and food.
5	This was the first time that I had visited Karen Thai Cuisine since I don't live in that area. For this reason, I cannot make comparisons to any other Thai restaurants in that area.   I  only tried one dish: Panang Beef Curry, which came with a perfect amount of rice to accompany the amount of curry that was served. The serving size was good for the price, the restaurant service was fast and  friendly, and the food tasted quite good. They also offered Thai iced Tea which was prepared quite well and tasted good. I know a lot of people that own authentic Thai restaurants in different parts of Phoenix and the East Valley. If you are looking to find Thai food near Northern and 35th Avenue, I recommend checking out Karen Thai Cuisine if you are in the area.
4	Being a big fan of pad thai, I just had to try this restaurant on 35th Avenue near  Northern which was near my old stomping grounds. I found their pad thai to be well-seasoned though a bit less dry ("dry" being a preferred style for some pad thai aficionados), and without the cloying sweetness found in this dish when served in some Thai restaurants. Plus, the serving is more generous than in several of the Thai eateries I've tried.The restaurant is modest and the seats in the booths are well-worn but serviceable. Service is friendly and the food relatively inexpensive.
4	3rd Xs a charm, or perhaps not as much. I h8 2 have 2 deduct a star but what started off a a usually gr8 experience kinda ended on a sour note this time around when we went that particular wk~end. We arrived that Sat morning 2 start our day off w/ an early lunch b4 needing 2 run our usual valley~wide errands. Had 2 go 2 the bank 1st & got there about 7-10 min after they opened. Not sure they were tho as 1 side of their doors was locked but the right 1 wasn't & the sign hadn't been turned around 2 show 'Open' yet. No biggie, they got it shortly after we were seated. It was obvious the head super server guy wasn't there... or yet.   Everything started off gr8, we got the usual crispy rolls (a standard item each time we go), the Crispy Tofu & Papaya Salad this time 2 start . I wanted 2 try an avocado boba this time as it sounded interesting & I do like trying new things. Entrees = I chose the Tom Ka soup w/ Tofu & he went w/ the Spicy Basil fried rice. Everything was the usual Amazing in portions, deliciousness, & present8ion ~ NOTHING lacking in those respects & happy 2 c business picking up here as their quality & quantity of scrumptuously 1derful food items certainly Deserves it!!   Our w8tress started off gr8 but then disappeared after the place got busier & the head super server guy came in. I think she's usually a cook or something but wish she had given us our bill when I asked her last time we saw her b4 the disappearing act. We needed 2 get going & after 20 min or so w/ no sight of her anywhere I had 2 disturb the Head server who was already busy tending 2 multiple things simultaneously 2 ask 4 our bill.    My lunch d8 couldn't stand w8ing anymore so he went outside & kept gesturing 2 me thru the window (which humored me 4 the 1st 10 min or so) but then it was getting frustr8ing & we were running l8. I made the mistake of paying cash once Super server guy tracked down our bill from her, but there wasn't enough change in their drawer 2 break down a bill 4 tip. So we had 2 waste more time we didn't have 2 go around & get change from 2 different stores in the plaza cuz even if not gr8 service this time, we're not cheapsk8es or stiffers on tipping.    I still have a lot of Luv 4 this place & this won't deter us from frequenting here, but I really hope that next time the on~the~ball head Super~Server guy is there from the start cuz it's clearly evident He REALLY makes the difference & keeps most everything oper8ional, but yeah this is still a Defin8 Fave & will probably look 4 him b4 sitting down 4 future visits which is a Major compliment 4 all he does there!! Looking 4ward 2 next visit 2 this #1Derful establishment...
5	Our weekly excursion here had 2 instead b take~out this time as it was rather l8 & we were 2 pressed 4 time 2 dine in. So we called our order in lastnight 4 pick~up.    We got our stand~by crispy veggie rolls (a must~have item every time) in addition 2 Vegetable Tempura 4 our appetizers, along w/ Pad Snow Pea, w/ Crab Fried Rice & Pineapple Curry w/ shrimp & 2 Boba's (Taro & HoneyDew) 2 go. 1derfully friendly & helpful phone etiquette which felt almost as nice as being accomod8ed in~house.   Went 2 pick it up about 20 min l8r & everything was packed, & ready 2 go including napkins, plastic~ware & even some chopsticks 4 those who want 2 try the traditional way 4 a more cultural experience ~ Nice! He voluntarily accounted 4 everything that was ordered b4 payment & even assisted getting it out 2 the car (talk about above & beyond service esp 4 a take~out/pick~up order)! Rushed home, excited 2 b sampling more treasures 4 our palate.   True 2 what we've consistently known from the beginning, all we scurried home w/ didn't disappoint. Our household enjoyed everything so much, there was hardly any talking between scarfing each item & savoring both Boba's, which were Exceptional as usual. Couldn't decipher which 1 we liked better, personally I'm not 'usually' a huge fan of HoneyDew... till THIS Boba (which is saying A Lot) so suffice 2 say, I'll b getting this again future visits & it's WOW~ness is now up w/ our fave flavors, which is most of them (almost saliv8ing writing about it now)! Lol   The Veggie Rolls were Scrumptious as always & the Amazing Vegetable Tempura will now b joining the ranks along~side them as a staple 2 future visits/orders. This YUMMYness has battered broccoli, carrots, onions, green beans & pumpkin &  is such a complimentary blend of flavors, I'd eat an entree size portion (but alas, I know it's called appetizer 4 a reason).    They really loved their Crab Fried Rice which has real crab meat, eggs, onions, garlic & cilantro & wolfed down the Pineapple Curry Shrimp right after which has red curry paste w/ pineapple, shrimp, carrots & bell pepper in coconut milk. At 1 point they put some of both entrees 2gether, gladly inhaling it that way 2! My Pad Snow Pea=DELICIOUS w/ snow peas, water chestnuts, mushrooms, carrots & onions ~ ur choice of chicken, beef, pork or TOFU (the last of which, being what I had of course)! I esp Highly Recommend any of their Pad entrees, any1 who's had any vari8ion has raved about/talked about their taste~buds thanking them.   So what else can I say that I haven't several Xs b4? EXCEPTIONAL Flavorful Quality food (& Boba's) w/ Generous Portions, fresh nutritional ingredients w/ dishes customized how u want &/or need 4 ur dietary regimen in addition 2 Exemplary service (especially when the Awesome head Super~Server guy is there). What's not 2 like, or in our household's case LUV? The only thing there is 2 1der is, what's the soonest I'll get 2 come back again...
5	All I can say is wow...The food was excellent. ... We had the Spring Rolls,  Beef Noodle Soup, and Pad Thai Noodles to go.. Amazing. .. Do yourself a favor and stop by, you won't regret it. ..
5	This was my first time having Thai food and I'm now a fan. To begin with we were served A delicious vegetable stock soup, it was a surprise and of course that made it even better. It had small pieces of cucumber, cilantro, tofu, baby corn. It was perfectly seasoned. We then ordered the tempura veggies.  Wow! The tempura was light, and the sweet, hot dipping sauce complimented the veggies just right. There were carrot slices, my daughter's fav, broccoli onion and green beans , my new favorite way to eat veggies for sure! We then split an order of pad thai. It is supposed to have shrimp but I am not a fan so we requested them to be omitted. It again did not dissapoint, very good.  Very nice staff too!!! I will crave this place...that's how you know it's great!
5	This place is amazing. Although it is situated in a rundown and somewhat sketchy area, the food is soo damn good. Most people complain about pricing. It's authentic Thai food cooked fresh when ordered. If you don't like it, jack in the box is right across the way. I'm sure them tacos are way better. The price is fair, the portions are very generous, the staff is overwhelmed at times but will work at their very best to accommodate. With each check in on yelp, you get a free Thai tea, who can pass that up. Lunch specials are a great deal as well, egg roll with soup on the side of what you ordered to make sure you're full when you get back to work. This is a place worth stopping by.
2	I've eaten a lot of good authentic thai food in my life...this was not even close to what I would call decent thai food.  It was edible.  I'll give it that...but that might just be because I was starving. The chicken pad thai was greasy and pretty flavorless until I slathered it in chili sauce.  Also, the thai tea was WEAK...no strong flavor and almost like they used regular milk or skim milk on top.  I'll even go as far as to say this is the worst thai food I've ever had.  Service was just okay.  The place was deserted and nobody checked to see how our food was until we were pretty much finished.  I won't be returning.  Sorry Karen.
5	We wanted Thai so we decided to check out this place, we came in and ask to be seated, other than the couple that was already here the restaurant was pretty slow or maybe we came in a slow day. I order Pad Thai noodle, which came with chicken, and shrimps and my friend got green curry beef. The Pad Thai noodle was pretty flavorful and not too sweet just the way I like it, my friend also like the curry with beef which was great. She loved it. We weren't too hungry so we just took the rest home. The service was great and we didn't have to wait too long to get our food.  They also have lunch special and we will be back again to try their lunch. I will recommend this place to friend and family who are looking for Thai food or just wanted to try for the first time.
5	Food and service both great. I had the basil fried rice and my friend had the chicken pad thai!
1	First, our waiter was very nice. He was very attentive, but I just didn't have the heart to tell him that the food was horrible. We got into the restaurant I ordered a thai iced tea which the tea was light orange and tasted like bad coffee. We then ordered spring rolls and chicken satay. The spring rolls only had two shrimp the size of quarters that were both freezer burned. Then the chicken satay was bright red? I usually get chicken satay and it is a tan color like chicken, but this was bright red similar to the color of a red pepper. We ordered two main dishes drunken noodle and pad thai. Both literally tasted like horse feed or as my husband said dog food. The shrimp again in the pad thai was freezer burned and I know because I have cooked with shrimp before that was freezer burned. We won't be coming back. We usually go to Siam Thai that is a few blocks west on northern but it was closed so we gave this place a shot. 30 dollars later and wondering if we are gonna be up tonight from food poisoning is not what I call good food. I am so disappointed and worried about the food being served I have a strange urge to have the health department check the place out just to make sure some of the ingredients are fresh!
1	I wanted to like this place because I love Thai food and it's the closest to my house. Finding ANY good restaurant in the valley is a challenge other than Mexican food obviously. I'm not sure what the raves were about. Maybe the owner or cook changed? My Pad Thai lacked the typical flavor and it had zero spiciness. It had a weird powder flavor and left a sour after taste. The noodles were overcooked to the point of almost mushy. Sorry, I won't be back to try any of the curries or soups.
4	Good variety of lunch specials. I had the pad Thai with tofu which I enjoyed. It came with a side of veggie roll and a vegetable soup. We ordered the spring roll, and it was full of raw vegetables wrapped in rice paper. It was  light and refreshing and delicious. Decent place to go to if you ever have a craving for Thai cuisine!
5	100% authentic Thai cuisine. We have been all OVER the Valley as well as California we love food and have tried everything under the sun, this place was amazing and we will definitely come back, even our 4 year old gave this place a thumbs up!
1	Spring roll was chewy and oily. Soup flavor profile was unbalanced presenting only as salty and sour...given Thai cooking is an art to balance all flavors it was very disappointing.  The kali lime leaves and lemon grass were in tiny pieces which made it unpleasant to rat since they are inedible and meant to be eaten around or fished out, I had to spit them out as I went which is unpleasant.  Nothing phenomenal or remarkable about this place. Very surprised by the high reviews. Just a hole in the wall place in a sketchy plaza, always a gamble to hit up places like this....sometimes you find a win and sometimes you just find meh. I found meh....especially the canned straw mushrooms which are a focal point of Tom Gha. Couldn't be anymore dissatisfied.
4	Good food here, small mom and pop place with great family staff and food is good if you don't like spicy tell them so they can make it mild. Oh don't forget to check in to get your free Thai tea
