4	I've passed Cheddar's a number of times, and while I'm a fan of cheese, we just never stopped in.  Until we were utterly repulsed by Bikinis next door.  Since we were hungry, we decided that we'd just walk to Cheddar's, rather than driving elsewhere to find something to eat.The place is actually pretty nice, and I was impressed.  I figured that it would be a knock-off of an Applebee's or Chili's or something along those lines, and the outside looks about the same, but on the inside it is considerably more upscale.Once we were inside, we were seated quickly, and the staff was very friendly.  What's more, the entire restaurant was non-smoking - a big plus over Bikinis next door.  I understand that some people like to smoke, and I don't mind, I just don't like to be assaulted by it as soon as we walk in.The menu had a good selection, but not an overwhelming one.  It was your pretty typical casual fare, with a nice variety of other options such as steak and shrimp.  Since we smelled the burgers on our way in, that was my choice.  It was huge.  Denise went with chicken fingers, and the portion was similarly gigantic - she brought some home, snacked on them that night and still has some leftovers!Throughout the meal, service was great, glasses were kept full, and everything was quite a surprise.  Definitely a step up from your typical casual dining fare.  The only real downside is getting to the place - it's not hard to get into the location, but getting out can be a bit of a bear because the lights can get out of sync, making it hard to get back onto Harris.
4	I have eaten here several times and I have not been disappointed.The restaurant is located off of W.T. Harris across the street from the old Wal Mart. I love the decor of the place especially the fans that are huge leaves and the fish tank. The booths are HUGE and can accommodate 4 people to a row easy. Not to mention, they're wide enough to shove a car seat into them without a struggle.The wait staff has always been nice, attentive, and they pay attention to details (I am kind of a picky eater so this is a huge plus for me). A couple of them will sit down with you and chat just a little if you're in the mood to have company (but they don't linger too long). The food has always been great! I've had their burgers (which are cooked to order perfectly), chicken dishes (haven't had a dry piece of chicken yet), and their salads. My food has always been hot (or nice and cool for the salad), on time, and full of flavor. I recommend their burgers though, they actually season the ground beef before throwing it on the grill (yes, I've been to places that don't do that).If you're not full after eating all the food you got, don't forget about dessert! Their desserts are humongous and it'll take at least 2 people to eat the whole thing. I've had all of their desserts and I recommend all of them. They range from a death by chocolate cake, to a simple ice cream sundae.This is a great place to just chill, have a few drinks, and enjoy great food. I would recommend this to everybody.
1	As I tell you this incredible  story of this restaurant this evening consider this ...                       Would you want to dine at a place that could care less about the value of "every single" customer?"                      Would you dine at a place that all they care about is how many people they can get in and out of the door?                      Would you dine at a place that would lie to you about reservations or tells you a different "story" about the reservations when you get there?Even after you spoke with them earlier that very day? OF COURSE you would not!                        Makes me wonder with this Walmart Attitude( who cares about you there is plenty more coming in the door) for the diner what about the food? Seems like this would certainly carry over. I mean if you could care less about the diner then you could care less about the preparation of the Food!                         To make a long story short about a month ago I called this place for reservations for a Unofficial YELP event I spoke with the Kitchen manager I told him the number of people the time and date his reply" No problem just give me a call the day of to see if you can give him a more accurate number " Sorry never been to a restaurant that after you made reservations they wanted " YOU" to call them back to make sure of the number.I have had restaurant call to confirm my reservation never anything about numbers of people.                           So I get there this evening and first they acted like I did not have a reservation for our group then with a painful conversation  " it" was decided that I did WHAT? I called you about a month ago and then today! So a new seemed like untrained and inexperienced  manager ( Maybe she should go back to Burger King hopefully she was a better manager there)came up and explained" You have to wait until at least have your party comes before we can seat you?"                          I reminded her that I set this up a month ago nothing was said about this and called today and nothing was said about it I told her there was about a 1000 places to dine within a 20 mile radius and we could have went to any of those had we knew this was going to be like a ROOT CANAL !!!                           She left and she said" Let me check on your table " after about 20 minutes she never came back. I told the 14 hostesses that we will go else where and left .                            So Would you go to a restaurant like this? NO ! I have had less reservation problems with having a birthday party at Chucky Cheese!                Cheddar's TERRIBLE !!!
1	When I lived in the University area a few years ago I used to LOVE this place! It was a nice environment and reasonable prices. I was feeling a little nostalgic and begged my hubby to drive all the way from Matthews back to Cheddar's for dinner the other night. Bad decision. This place has gone waaaaaaay downhill. I ordered my favorite potato soup for an appetizer, and it arrived COLD!?!?!? My burger was beyond greasy, I couldn't even eat it and I lost my appetite fast. My husband was not happy with his food and stopped at Taco Bell on the way home for some "quality" food, lol. What happened to the Cheddar's I loved in 2005?
3	Unfortunately, I missed the yelp meeting where things went to hell in a hand basket...LOLThe wait staff is a bit slow,  but  the food is good.  I've haven't had too many disappointments eating here.  It's nice for the nights you don't feel like cooking.I recommend the spasagna or whatever they call it...it's basically ooey gooey spaghetti/lasagna combo.
1	Please YELP can we add another rating or two?? And this could be one of the two " What are you thinking??? Dr Phil where are you?" Or Gordon Ramsey  there is this place that I would like for you to try" I would laugh for hours!!!!!!! Just thought I would add a update... after speaking to a few people in this corporation with many apologizes I was asked to return" Against my better judgment"   and was told that" it would not be the same" we are going to retrain everyone! After a few days of thought and the statement " just let us know when your coming"      I kept thinking why let them know that I am coming?For what special treatment? THAT WOULD BE A NO!  So they could really cook ? No AGAIN!  So, I thought I would call their bluff I called the Corporate guys( I think the owners of the franchise) and with a very short fuse I told them I was coming back .      Just as I thought I was sent a message can you give us a "little more time" for what? Are they closing the restaurant to retrain? That would be a NO?         So ask your self this the next time you go into a restaurant or you like to gamble and go to Cheddars what did they cook? I always gauge a restaurants quality by the size of its Sysco or other Food company's  Monthly bill!! The hirer this is the less they cook! And if the value of the customer is any sign how they value the care they take with your meal then take 3 shots of Cabo and call me in the morning.
4	When I visit family in Charlotte I request to go here. Its cheap and my palate is satisfied. The food is traditonal chain food fare and at times I crave that. My likes: the buttery sweet warm crossiants, spinach dip, and the nachos. This is a place you can take anyone..your baby niece, your grandmother, your brother and everyone is happy unless they are a food snob. The wait staff is slow but its Charlotte and the south is traditionally slow with service.
3	Wow... must have missed all the Yelp drama... but I had lunch here today.  The portions are GINORMOUS!  Food was good and the wait staff was friendly.The butter croissant that comes with the salads are really addicting... that could have been my lunch right there.  I ordered the "new" Sheppard's Pie which was pretty good.  Way too big for me to finish it.  At least I know what I"m having for dinner tonight! Can easily see this place from WT Harris, but hard to get back into the parking lot... not unusually bad, but cuts into the driving time if you are concerned about getting in and out - back to the office at a reasonable hour.
4	I aboslutley LOVE their Hawiian Chicken Salad with key lime dressing.  Yum!  I can see myself going back time after time to devour this dish. The environment is very casual and upbeat.  Its a great place for lunch and meeting friends.
5	I'm really surprised at some of the negative reviews.  This is one of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte and has actually has become, from this Charlotte franchise alone, one of my top favorite restaurants of all time in general!  I moved to Charlotte a few months ago, and before then, had never heard of - let alone been - to Cheddar's.I went there with my boyfriend for the first time shortly after we got here, and omg... One of the best combinations of everything great in a great restaurant that I've ever encountered!They have VERY reasonable prices...as others have mentioned, VERY good portions of food (especially for the price)...a very nice atmosphere and wait staff in all the times that I've gone...and the quality of their food ranges from good to spectacular.I've since been to this Cheddar's maybe five or six times, and I honestly would've been more if it weren't for me trying to branch out and give other places in my area and the greater city a try as well.It isn't any sort of "specialty" kind of restaurant - it's just the kind of place that offers a little bit of everything on its menu...but much of what they do offer - well, let me clarify...the things that I've had - for the most part seem to be pretty freaking great.My boyfriend also really loves the place, by the way...For years, I would never really be too impressed with the likes of Chilli's, T.G.I.Friday's, Applebee's, etc. because I felt their food and establishments were just....nothing special - nothing really special on their menu or about their business that set them apart from any other restaurant, let alone each other.  But the funny thing with Cheddar's is I would probably group it in the same category as those other restaurants, BUT...unlike those others, I REALLY love Cheddar's and, to me, it sets itself apart by offering consistently very good prices for consistently very good food in a consistently very good atmophere/setting.  Cheddar's has become my #1 favorite "generic food" type of restaurant by far.Oh, and as at least one or two others have mentioned in their reviews, their buttery crossaints? MUAH!
4	Our favorite place to go for dinner. Prices are very reasonable, service is great and menu selections was good too.  Had the salmon , and hubby ordered the tipila fish also.  It was good.
1	The food was pretty good, but the service was HORRIBLE! As a restaurant employee myself, I feel I am more understanding than some because I know how hard the job can be when its busy. However this was not the case tonight. The server was plain and simple being lazy and rude.
4	I, too, don't understand the negative comments about Cheddar's.  I have been there several times, and EVERY TIME, the food has been great, and the service has been friendly, fast, and attentive.  This is a casual dining restaurant on par with Chili's, Applebees, Ruby Tuesday, etc.  Of this type restaurant, Cheddar's is my favorite.Not only is the food good, but prices are very reasonable.  For example, a 23-oz draft beer (Yuengling) is $3.99 here.  Most of the other casual dining restaurants charge $5.99.
5	This place has the best veggie burger i've had in Charlotte. Now granted, I haven't been to luna's yet but until I do, Cheddars has my vote. It's flippin huge! Made in store, not a frozen pattie. The 1st time I had it i had the waitress to double check because I thought it was a beef burger. I'd never seen a veggie burger that size. I ordered the mushroom swiss burger and substituted for veg pattie. Anyway, first bite, I'm in love!
5	This place is a family favorite. It's always packed when we go; it put two restaurants out of business b/c no one could beat their prices. If you ever want to go anywhere for a decent meal, good portions, etc this is the place for you. They have everything! I do not work for the company nor was I paid to write this review, I swear!
2	Directed toward vegetarians:First off, Steve S reviewed their Veggie Burger a couple of months ago.  This was not on the menu when I went there (sometime last year), and is not on their online menu now.  Not sure what that means.As far as the menu I am familiar with, a vegetarian can survive here, but its not pretty.  I had to order a plate of sides.  At some places this can be a blessing, but not here, as their sides are extremely bland, and are of the soggy-veggies/starchy sort.Service was adequate, though not great.  Decor was typical of Applebee's, etc. type places.Ultimately, not vegetarian friendly, but not a nightmare.
4	I am not a fan of most chain restaurants but Cheddar's is actually pretty good.  Cheddar's is family oriented and entertaining for children which is great because I know they can get antsy when kept waiting.  Cheddar's has a huge paddlewheel fan in the middle of the restaurant that looks like some kind of Orwellian/Da Vinci contraption and a massive saltwater aquarium that even I think is super cool to look at.The service has been good in my experience and the food is decent too.  One thing that really stands out on the menue is the chicken strips/fingers.  I honestly think that Cheddar's may take the number one spot in all of Charlotte for this particular dish.  The meat is very tender and juicy.  You actually get whole chicken strips with crispy breading (not fraken chicken like a McNugget) .  The portion you get is just massive; and I am lucky if I can get a third of the way though most times.A good tip:  If you take the chicken strips home because you can not eat them all, try broiling them when reheating.  Broiling will keep them crispy and heat them through all the way.  Just don't go too high on the temp. or take your eye off of them or they will burn.
4	I just recently went to Cheddar's with my parents during my trip to Charlotte. My parents had had nothing but great things to say about the food and the service and they went on the recommendation of my cousins who always stop by on their way through town also. We went on Mother's day so I was expecting a long wait. (They don't take reservations or call-ahead seating). Surprisingly we were seated immediately. Our waiter was prompt and friendly. He knew quite a bit about the menu items and made several helpful suggestions. I had a bite (well, more than a bite) off everyone's plate and everything was excellent! Really great prices too, I don't think anyone's meal cost over $12 and we all left stuffed. From the looks at the other reviews, it appears as if the staff, service, and food have been revamped. I encourage everyone with bad prior reviews to give them a second chance.
4	The only thing I've ever eaten at Cheddars is the Monte Cristo. All negative comments about Cheddars will have to be addressed to my arteries and heart.For those of you unfamiliar with the Monte Cristo...it is turkey, ham, and cheese slapped between a couple of funnel cakes and fried in some deliciousness. Then they sprinkle some powdered sugar on it. This thing should be called the heart-stopper. If you're going to a chain like Cheddars for something healthy...yawn...I ask why. Maybe the complaints about your salad at your favorite restaurant Applebees didn't teach you a lesson. Regardless of what's going on in your dome, this place is for ordering Monte Cristos...capiche?Try: Using the grease on your hands to manage your split endsAvoid: Eating your Cristo over anything other than your plate**After eating your first bite of Cristo...you may inexplicably yell Booyah!
4	There are gazillion dining options in the University area, but Cheddar's is my old stand-by.  But before you hold me accountable, please read on.  My 2 thumb-up reasons for coming here: selections and price.  I didn't say service, because I have had bad service here before.  Sometimes the wait is CRAZY!  But the waiter we had the most recent visit was great and we managed to beat that lunch crowd.  And I didn't say taste/quality, because after all this is a chain restaurant, you get what you can expect to get from any chain places.  I would say food is average.  I love the shrimp & chicken asian salad.  I also love the country fried steak (ohhhh I LOVE country fried anything...).  This past visit I got the fried shrimps and it was crispy and decent. And their honey croissant!  But seriously, where else you can go out and eat and be able to get an entree with 2 sides for under $10?!  And they are great portions.  So yes, for a quick causal bite, Cheddar's is a solid choice.
5	I've heard about this place for at least a year but I'm never in the area so never even considered stopping in.  As luck would have it, my girlfriend and I were headed that way this past weekend and I decided (last minute, crossing a minimum of 5 lines) to drop in!  I'm glad I did, they hype was indeed true.  I had heard the burgers were large and cheap (just like I like them!).  I can confirm on both points, the burger was large, juicy with plenty of flavor and for something like $6 I got the burger and a drink included.  Not bad if I do say so myself!  I'll be back Cheddar's!Not a dig on the place, but be careful they will charge you extra for certain sides.  I was charged $2 for cole slaw...come on...sneaky devils!
3	If you are in the area you have to pop in here!  It is a bit risky to order an Asian Chicken Salad from a new place but the price was pretty cheap so I thought I would give it a shot.  YUM!  The chicken was tender and flavored delish - the lettuce was fresh and the dressing was light and not overhwelming.  We sat in the bar area and had awesome service (the local clientele is certainly great people watching!)  Will definitely be back - awesome prices and service.
2	It's just like every other casual sit-down restaurant: better than fast food, but ultimately the same fare bought from the same wholesaler, served by UNCC students, and completely uninspired.    And packed the the gills.  There are some things I'll never understand about Charlotte.  ;)
5	One of the best restaurants in charlotte, nc.....never a disappointment!!!!! :-)
3	First time entering in Cheddar's it has a nice jungle like interior. The food was good and the service was okay. This restaurant is usually busy as I feel as if it's another Hops, but cheaper burgers and more of a hang out atmosphere.One bad thing about this place is the amount of seating and how big of a group you can bring. They only have 2 big tables seated for 6+ and sometimes my friends and I have to split the tables.I've been here many times with friends for lunch and dinner and it seems like every time the service is just mediocre. Understood though, that it has gotten better since the last time I was there.I recommend the Mushroom Swiss Burger or the Chicken Pot Pie, both are my favorites. The pasta isn't that bad either.
5	I love eating here from the drinks, appetizers, entrees to the desserts !!!
4	I really like Cheddar's.  I know that I can go in and get a hot meal that tastes good.  I was hoping they had the fried chicken patty special that I hear is fabulous but that was not the case on this visit.  I typically go for the grilled tilapia served over rice, with two sides wihch is what I enjoyed on this visit.  The waiter was super nice and others assisted him with the large party as needed (great teamwork).  The restaurant also has an okay wine selection to complement your meal.  The dessert menu is limited, but the Hot Fudge Cake Sundae (see photo - no one should eat this alone) and the Cheddar's Legendary Monster Cookie are quite fabulous!
1	I use to work here a while ago... Trust me you dont want to eat here, I have seen first hand what goes on in the kitchen. And thats why I quit.
5	The boyfriend and I stopped in on our way out of town the afternoon preceding the new years festivities. We were sat right away in a quaint little booth and were immediately greeted by a sweet, cute girl named Ashlee. We had a short convo about the new years bash and then she took our appetizer and drink orders. She came back with drinks in record time. Soon, followed the appetizer, then the food all within a very good amount of time. Food was alright, price was great and service was outstanding. Great job, Ashlee!
3	Pretty good food ..really good prices. Along the lines of a Friday's or Applebees.  Service can be very stetchy at times(alot of the time). Best time to go is Mon-Thurs(better service and hot food)..Weekends are madness(long waits, and sometimes cold food.)  Honey butter rolls are super yum.
5	WOW! All I can say is WOW!I will have to spend 3 hours on the treadmill after this visit!I was only going to give it 4 stars but then remembered our waiter and the service he gave us so that will have to be 5 stars.
4	I went to Cheddar's for the first time and loved it. People have been telling about it for a while now and I finally got there. The service was excellent, the waitress was very nice and she knew what she was doing and what was needed and when. The food portions were huge, we all took to go boxes home and left a very nice tip. Oh and you know how some restaurants give you free biscuits or rolls while you wait, well Cheddar's gives you crossaints!!! VERY IMPRESSED!!
4	Honey croissants are delicious! I had the New Orleans pasta and it was delish too! The decor is nice but I think it's a little too formal for the type of food they serve. Also it is warm inside. Most restaurants usually have the air conditioning on blast but this place had me sweating a bit. Oh and the tortilla chips with cheesy dip is ridiculously good. Will def go back!
4	I'm not a fan of chain restaurants but I love this place.  The decor is great and whether you are sitting in the bar, outside, or the regular dining area - i've always felt comfortable. The big fans they have on the ceiling are pretty coolThe service is hit or miss. I've had great service but more often than not it's lacking.The homemade queso is EXCELLENT but my favorite is the loaded baked potato soup...I'm a big potato soup lover and their soup always hits the spot. The burgers are big and juicy and always cooked right. The fries are good too.This was my go to restaurant when I wanted a cheap good meal...great for college students!!!!
4	If you go here, be sure you are hungry. The portions are HUGE. I only made it through half of my meal! It was quite delicious though. Our server was super-friendly and helpful.  He suggested that we all try their croissants and I am glad we did - they were sweetened with honey and dripping with butter. Tons of calories, but oh so delicious! My one complaint was that we weren't presented with a drink menu. In fact, there was no alcohol mentioned on the menu at all, so I thought it was soda/tea only. Only when I went tot he bathroom did I realize that the place had a bar! Oh well, I think I had enough to eat without putting a beer on top of everything. ;) You should definitely give this place a try!
3	We come here at least once/twice quarterly. Can't beat the prices for an entree with two sides. It can get really busy and loud sometimes, especially on Fri &Sat evenings/ Sunday afternoons.  I will say the service leaves a lot to be desired. No one has yet to be horrible, but we have had our share of very clumsy/forgetful/ unattentive. We have also noticed that the spinach dip does not taste the same as before like they skimped on the cheese/something. It has a strange aftertaste. The flavored teas are always nice and honey croissants are addictive.  To sum it up, if you want a decent meal for under $12 pp ( including drink) , then this is your place.
3	Strawberry lemonade great food is usually on point and i use 2 go alot but i went for mothers day and almost every1 knows me but i have a food allergy and it is not equip for that. it took them almost 2 hours  2 seat  a party of 9..an the manger was like do u want to look at the menu while you wait.. who does that i could see a free drink or something but just to look at the menu ..needless to say i havent been back
2	This had been a favorite place, but consistency seems off now.  We went tonight (fam of 4 with 2 elem schoolers) and service was just slow.  Joshua was our server, and while capable I guess, there was no urgency.  Now I know it is not Ruth's Chris or anything, but I have had more interest in the business from Jason's Deli or Jimmy John's subs!  We had spinach dip, and it had clearly been sitting - it was lukewarm with a skin on top.  Our food arrived several minutes after expected in every case and was lukewarm every dish.  Parents had the buffalo chicken wrap, a usual favorite, and it was lukewarm.  Kids food also.  To top it off we ordered the monster cookie.  Now on the menu it says to allow several minutes for baking.  They allowed several minutes extra I guess, because it had clearly been sitting awhile before being brought out, the ice cream was half melted - so much soup of ice cream you could not see the cookie.  Nice.  Now ok, it was Sunday, and they had some full tables.  So I expected a little wait.  But when the food is done you bring it out : it should still arrive hot.  We have small kids, and don't need to spend money out, so we pick and choose.  I'll be picking Bravo or Chili's again LOTS of times before picking Cheddars again.
5	I like to think of reviewing restaurants as being a bit like grading Olympic divers. Bear with me on this one. There are two scales: "How difficult was the dive" and "How well did they execute?" Cheddar's doesn't have lofty aspirations. It's casual dining; my wife and I were looking for somewhere to go with our 1-year-olds, so "kid friendly" was a must. Found it on Yelp, and it was perfect.Decor is, as someone mentioned, kind of in the Applebees/Chilis zone, with less random stuff bolted to the wall than, say, Friday's.Service was the high point of a good experience. We were seated quickly by a host, and our server was  perfectly attentive - appearing when we needed her, disappearing when we didn't, and navigating effortlessly among two adults and two toddlers.The food was good. It wasn't fine-dining-wow-this-was-amazing good, but it was tasty. The Texas Cheese Fries were appropriately ridiculously huge; the kids' meals came (appreciatedly!) with veggies instead of fries. The kids liked their meals; we liked ours. Solid B+ on the food. The prices were insanely good. Like "Wait, did I read that right?" good. This would be a great place to go out as a family. I would guess, later in the evening, it wouldn't be a bad place for some broke college kids to scarf down a ton of food. Probably not a good place for a romantic dinner.
2	Food was good, like all Cheddar's. However service was terrible. 24 minutes for drinks. The only time we were checked on by our waitress was when we flagged her down, however she checked on all of her other tables around us. Hmmmmm
5	Ceddar's can do no wrong! Waiting for a table at times can be a little disheartening but the food is worth it. The service is always great and the waiters seem to generally like working with customers. The food is great and comes at an affordable price.  I know this is a chain but the University location seems like a singular neighborhood spot. Try a flavored lemonade or their hot and buttered rolls!
4	The Honey Lime Dipping Sauce IS TO DIE FOR!!!! There are so many good things about this place, the price, the portions, the service, the wait time! First, the Price and Portion. I ordered the Lime Chicken and it came with two LARGE pieces of chicken, a side of steamed broccoli and a side of rice. I could only eat half and had to take the other half home. My husband ordered a steak with 2 sides and still had left overs to add to mine. When we got our bill, it was under $20 dollars for the two of us. We went on a Saturday night and the parking lot was packed, there were people gathered in the lobby area and many large groups. We put our name on the list and were told the wait was 20 minutes. We were set within 10 minutes and they had also seated the large groups and the majority of those waiting. Our waitress was very attentive and even offered suggestions for parring of our meals. When I asked for hot sauce of my chicken the waitress brought it back along with several other dipping sauces, just to try!!! The honey lime sauce was AMAZING! When we were packing up our leftovers the waitress brought out a separate to-go cup of the sauce so I could enjoy it with the rest of my meal! The only downside is the noise level and you feel like sometimes you have to yell to talk to the person across from you. This may have been attributed to the numerous birthday groups and other large groups though.
5	I love Cheddars!  As a college kid, I discovered the one in Newport News,  and had to go once a month.  I cannot tell you how well priced most items are for the huge portions and taste payoff!  They have many staples but you must order the strawberry lemonade (made fresh), the chicken tenders (HUGE, crispy) and the warm chocolate cookie (comes in hot pan).  The croissants are not free but one should splurge  on them for an appetizer.  These items I listed, usually ran out on the weekends at that VA location.  Trust me, this place is amazing!!!!
4	I met the hubs for lunch yesterday on the recommendation of a coworker ,who said they were great AND affordable.  Turns out she was spot on.  We were seated immediately (lunch hour was just hiding its stride) and our waitress was at our table within minutes.  I decided on the Grilled Chicken salad with Walnuts and the man ordered a spicy pasta dish.  Our food was out super fast! I thoroughly enjoyed my salad and can vouch that the pasta dish was just as tasty.  Our lunch meal only came to $20 and some change.  Looks my husband and I will have to trade in our local Applebee's lunch date for Cheddars!
4	I miss the days of going here when I was at UNCC! The Cookie Monster is the best dessert of all time - don't pass it up because it looks simple, it's so good.
5	I love Cheddars. Good food, especially the croissants. Cheap. High quality service. Always a nice crowd. Drinks are good too.
5	I like this place. If only there were Cheddars in West Chester, PA, that would make me happy!Pros:1. The waitress recommendation of tilapia with mango salsa was delicious! I ordered it with broccoli casserole and carrots.2. The mango sweet tea was delicious!3. I loved the setting of the place, including the aquarium!Cons: None, there was nothing bad to say.
3	Perhaps Friday night was not the night to go? The place was packed so my girlfriends and I decided to have a drink at the bar while we waited. I ordered a margarita...and it was pretty yummy.  And for a very reasonable price! The bartenders were all very nice and hilarious...they seem like they know how to have a good time. But that's pretty much where our good times ended. After we were seated and given our menus our very unenthusiastic waitress arrived and asked if we were ready to order?!? We. Just. Sat. Down....so Ummm...no...not yet can we have a few moments? Literally, after TWO minutes she was back...still not enough time to review the menu which has a pretty good variety and again very reasonable prices. So we asked for a few more moments, and she seemed annoyed but obliged. Now, don't get me wrong I'm all about attentive service...if it had been that I wouldn't mind but I hate feeling rushed! Especially after I just waited 30 minutes for a table! When she returned we were ready, I ordered the tilapia with mango salsa with comes topped so shrimp over rice with the choice of two sides. I asked for the mango salsa on the side, and ordered the broccoli and cheese casserole and buttered corn. After we ordered we waited and waited. Our waitress didn't make another appearance so we were left with empty glasses, no napkins or silverware. However, another server finally brought out our food...still NO silverware or napkins....so we asked if she could bring them....nothing....so we waited some more. Then when we finally found our waitress we asked again, she said she would, be right back with the silverware and again we WAITED. Finally, we tracked out another waiter and finally got our silverware and napkins...UGH! The sad part is that the food was actually really good. My fish was seasoned so well and it shrimp on top were the perfect compliment. the mango salsa was really good too...but I'm glad I got it on the side. But since the service was lacking and it was a complete madhouse in our section I just can't really say I'm a total fan of this place. So for now, everything was just okay. Honestly, based on experience alone they deserve 2 stars but the food bumped them up to a 3 star. I guess I will give them another chance on a different night, with a different server and HOPE that it's a better experience.
1	Don't bother.....  I took my family and parents here for lunch and we were never served.  We gave our order to a waitress and after 30 minutes we still didn't get our drinks. I complained to the manager who sent another waiter. The new waiter apologized and asked that we give them another chance.  He stated that there was a problem with the first waiter and she lost our ticket.  We were patient and gave the new waiter our order. After another 15 minutes of waiting, and still not getting our drink we left. This was the worse service I have ever received and will never go back. You won't be in business for long.
5	I visited this restaurant for dinner last week with two girlfriends. I ordered the Hawaiian chicken sandwich with the broccoli and cheese casserole. Our food was served quickly and hot. Our server was friendly and attentive. I have visited this restaurant many times in the past and have alway had a good experience. I would definitely return in the future.
1	It doesn't deserve one star! The managers are crass and homophobic. They put us in a corner booth that had dried food on it. The waiter was friendly but that was it! They "lost" our ticket then the floor manager briefly ran by slapped the table said sorry its coming. Then the food came out cold not fresh as promised! I asked for the GM who came out with an attitude! He said he would not be able to do anything for those that ate regardless of it being an hour late or cold. Saturday night going out and this is your only stop for food... I tried to have a private convo with the GM and he called me a faggot then returned to the kitchen after shoving the corporate number in my hand. This place needs negative stars!
3	Nothing memorable.  Huge portions, and the price is good, the food looks more like food from a sports bar.  I was expecting more from other reviews and the fact the place is listed as one of the 200 best places in Charlotte.
3	Casual food and drink for good prices. The best item in the menu is the honey croissants. I could come here and order drinks, while only eating the croissants. The rest of the food is similar to an Applebee's. The interior is not very appealing, but you get what you pay for.
1	Just had the most horrible experience! I try to remind myself that it's...just...Cheddars...but this was unacceptable! Food was overcooked, bartender was super slow, servers were congregating near our table watching the BET Awards!?!?! Manager poured our beer and it was full of foam, they let it sit until the foam went down then poured it into a smaller glass. It was disgusting! Horrible. Horrible. Horrible. They should be ashamed!
3	i believe this place has gone downhill. don't get me wrong, i love cheddars. i first experienced cheddars where i went to school in johnson city, tennessee. the place in johnson city was great. the managers gave us student discounts, and the service was beyond phenomenal. it opened in johnson city in spring of 2001 and then opened in charlotte the following year. i told my grandmother about it and said that we needed to go while i was in charlotte for thanksgiving. we went two days before thanksgiving, as my classes were always cancelled for a break during thanksgiving week, and the food was phenomenal. the service was great, and she loved it. since moving to the charlotte area i have been there a handful of times; enough for them to know me. i went there once with a girl from work one friday afternoon. the restaurant was not so crowded, and the woman said it would be about twenty minutes for a table. mind you, the entire place was just about empty. i told her that there were tons of places; however, she said that these places were currently not available. we waited, and they sat us as soon as they could. the good news was that we did not have to wait twenty minutes. she and i ordered. i ordered the grilled chicken salad with no cheese and told them to add pico instead, and an order of chicken tortilla soup. i told her honey mustard dressing on the side as i am not a ranch fan. my friend ordered the buffalo chicken salad with ranch on the side. the server never brought out the soup and when i got the salad it was covered with ranch dressing. my friend's salad had blue cheese dressing. we sent it back, and the server just snatched the salads up without saying anything to us. she brought us back new salads about ten minutes later. also, my soup never came and when she came to bring us the bill it was on there. she started to argue with me about how i had already eaten the soup. i said it was never brought. she apologized in such a way that was full of apathy. i kept her name in my billfold so the next time i would know he name. she was scheduled to be the server weeks later when we brought other friends, but we said we wanted a different one. they brought us another one who was so sweet. everything was correct and brought out in a timely manner.i call it a soup curse. ever since i have been there and ordered the soup, the wrong soup has been brought, or no soup was brought at all. this place that was once my favorite restaurant has turned from awesome to just okay.
3	Decent food for a decent price. I tried the fish tacos and the honey croissants. Pretty good. Service was friendly.
5	Cozy place. Fast and friendly service. In a nice area of Charlotte. All of the food on the menu is priced very reasonably. You cannot go wrong with anything here. I was brought here by a friend because I am visiting town. I highly recommend this place if you like good food with a good variety to choose from as well. Thumbs up!
2	A lot of people seem to like this place. I work at Wells Fargo down the street, and we came here for a team lunch outing a couple months ago.  It didn't do much for me, but my coworkers liked it.If I want cheap food, I'd rather just go to Taco Mac down the road. I feel like the quality is a little bit better. Not terrible though.
3	We arrived for an after-church lunch. The restaurant quickly filled after we arrived.I had the grilled fish tacos with a side of steamed broccoli. The fish was seasoned and grilled nicely. My kids ordered burgers and chicken tenders. They said that the burgers were tasty and the chicken tenders were "really good!"The service was... Not good! I won't way that it was terrible -- because I have had worse -- but it was REALLY not good! Our server came across as not really wanting to be there (he uttered out a very dry "Uh, welcome to Cheddars").  He wasn't rude, just not very personable (little to no eye contact).I overheard the server tell patrons at the next table that the kitchen was out of small plates and spoons... Really?! It's not like the restaurant had been open all day. It's hard to see a restaurant running out of small plates and spoons at noon. Overall, good portions & good prices. The food is decent, but the service needs help.
2	Just had lunch here. The menus, when handed to us, were sticky & filthy. Gross. The place smelled. One person in our group found a hair in his food. Another person was charged for an item she didn't order. Will not go back.
3	You get what you pay for here. Ordered the steak and shrimp with mashed potatoes and green beans, the Boyfriend had the blackened salmon with broccoli and mash.. Both dishes were just average. I'm sure I would've done a better job in my own kitchen. If nothing else, I will definitely be back for the margaritas!
3	Cheddar's is good, but nothing special in my opinion. The food is decent, but the cheap prices are what really stick out to me. The service is hit or miss, sometimes great and sometimes not so much. This place is extremely busy on weekends, but not really worth waiting for in my opinion. My favorite thing about this restaurant are their honey butter croissants, they're SO good. Cheddar's is pretty average otherwise.
3	The food here is delicious! I have been to chedder's in other locations but I was new to this location. I met my boyfriend here when he got off work. It took them a few minutes to seat us, but that was expected seeing as it was right at dinner time. They seated us in the back of the restaurant and my boyfriend and I both noticed an awful smell. I think something in the dining room may have soured. Other then the smell it was a great experience with yummy good and excellent service.
1	First and last time here.1) Wouldn't seat a partial party. We had 10, and about 4 entered while the others were stuck in traffic. Wouldn't seat us, despite the possibility of large tip and inconvenience of waiting when we could have been ordering appetizers and drinks for everyone.2) Ran out of Pepsi & Sprite. Pretty unapologetic about it despite our attempts to laugh it off. 3) Ran out of  country-fried steak. Asked for another option adjusted to lunch size/price. Server got an attitude, said he would get manager. Manager said "we are a scratch restaurant and our goal is to run out of food, so we really can't do anything about it."4) (update) had the chicken and waffles. I very rarely if ever eat meat, so suspected my body was reacting when I became ill; however 24 hours later and I still have stomach cramping and pain, as does others in my party who had chicken and waffles. No one else in the party is ill, however. (6/13/14). WHAT??? So, your GOAL is to DISAPPOINT??? We came in with high spirits after graduation to lackluster service and the food was "ok" at best, probably would have tasted better with better service. Sad to say, I will not patronize this establishment ever again.
1	This review is really just based on service. I went here Thursday June 12 and the service was horrible. When the waiter was putting down the napkins instead of walking around the table when it came to placing napkins on the other side, the waiter just tossed them. You would think the waiter would have known before we placed our drink orders that they were out of coke and sprite. So that was strike 1. The 2nd strike was accumulated when I ordered the country fried steak. After we ordered our food, the waiter comes back to let me know they are out of country fried steak. After that I decided to get the fried chicken steak which my aunt asked if I can get the dinner portion at the lunch price. The waiter stated with an attitude let me get the manager. So David the manager stated he wasn't able to do that for some reason. The whole time I was there I'm just thinking how do you run out of all this stuff and the restaurant had only been opened for like a hour or two. Overall I will never ever go back to this establishment!
4	Great food and good service. We had numerous things on the menu that were yummy: onion rings, loaded mashed potatoes, french fries, Ceasar salad and chicken pot pie were most notable. Portions are big and are shareable.  Would recommend for a family dinner because there's something for everyone!
5	Love this restaurant, they have the best food and the prices are fairly reasonable. My food is always cooked to order, especially the salmon.
3	Good Food. Great Atmosphere. Nice Staff. The Steak and Shrimp was cooked perfectly. The sides of Broccoli Cheese Casserole & Homemade Red Beans & Rice were delicious.
3	My first experience here was great!!! This time not so good. My salad had brown pieces of lettuce. My food came out cold and incorrect! I sent it back and was satisfied after that! My waitress was great but I was not happy with our meal. The best part of my visit here was my butter croissant and mango lemonade !
1	This was my first time to a Cheddar's. A co-worker of mine asked me to come along to lunch and I didn't think anything of it. I was completely blown away once we got there and I looked at the menu. The food was dirt cheap but I literally couldn't decide what to eat because nothing looked good. We got the Santa Fe dip appetizer which was essentially watery spinach dip. I was starving and it didn't even taste good. I finally decided to get buffalo chicken tenders for lunch. The tenders were terrible which is hard to do. The salad was basically iceberg lettuce salad mix from a bag. The prices are really low but the quality is just as low. I couldn't be paid to go back!
3	Short review....decent home-style food served at a decent price. Nothing to write home about. First time here, but a solid option when in the University Area. I'm a NOTORIOUS "anti-chain" snob but HAD to check this place out before I took my French Language Class.In TRYING to eat somewhat healthy, I had a chicken dish with a mustard cream sauce, over rice and served with steamed veggies. Actually the flavor profile was pretty darn good! Surprising to this Foodie...but hey, it's ALWAYS great to be pleasantly surprised...ESPECIALLY when they don't rob your wallet!!!
3	Lots of comfort food for you to enjoy. From the appetizers down to the sides. Poor brew selection though. Figured everyone was trying to take advantage of the craft beer craze. Had to seat myself, which seemed odd. Ordered the Salmon, blackened with bourbon glaze on the side. Glaze was awesome, but the fish was a minute or two overcooked. Still, decent dish and the broccoli casserole was very wholesome. Waitress was very short with us though, trying to turn the table I presume. What's with all the cameras around the building?
1	It's been months since we were last here and had shitty service and unfortunately nothing has changed. Waited 10 minutes for someone to get our drink order yet the female manager cutting servers walked by 6 times and was too good to acknowledge us. Won't be back.
1	The food was very good but the level of professionalism was a 0! As I waited for my takeout order I listened to several staff member complain about how they could not wait to get off of work and how they had 30 minutes to go only to make a two dollar tip. I also listen to them complain about people walking in 15 to 30 minutes before closing and question why they would walk in to an establishment just before closing and how the food and the service was going to be horrible due to the restaurant closing shortly. I also watched a waitress literally roll on he floor in laughter because of her co-workers comments about the tips they had received from their last customers...it was a total disgrace for the person who was left in charge to monitor that establishment. Needless to say I was with a friend from out of town who said "I hope their behavior is not a reflection of how my food is going to taste" and all I could do was shake my head and apologize for your staffs behavior when it was not my responsibility to do so! Here is a tip...either clean house or host some training sessions on how to remain professional while on the job!!!! I will not patronize your establishment again but will visit others out of town!
5	I had the tenders which I thought were great! It was not bad at all after looking at all the posts I was a little scared! I went to the kings kitchen which had the best post and I thought it was very bad! I will sure come back here!
