4	The University location of Hawthorne's NY Pizza is the only one of the three I have been to, but after this trip, I may have to check out the other two as well.I am somewhat of a pizza fan, the kind of person who thinks the only bad pizza is the one not in front of me.Located in a shopping area beside Dilworth Coffeehouse (which, oddly enough, is nowhere near Dilworth) the restaurant is decent-sized, with a small patio area containing roughly 7 or 8 tables. A handful of flat-screen tvs float above the bar inside...basically, the normal acoutrements you would expect from a pizza restaurant.Now to the good part: the pizza. After seriously considering the Buffalo Chicken pizza, I settled on the Chicken Parmesan pizza instead. Good choice. Wow, one of the best pizzas I've had!To top it off, the couple of Bacardi and Cokes I ordered were sufficiently stout.Add in a friendly wait staff and you have a good recipe for a relaxing, if low-key, pizza joint with at least one excellent item on the menu!
4	I eat at this location about 3 times a month.  Their pizza is good but I am a huge fan of their Eggplan Rollatini and their Linguine in White Clam sauce!  Relaxed atmosphere, friendly people, good beer and wine and good food!  Check it out if you have the chance.
4	Just had dinner there for the 1st time. Passed by the other day & couldn't forget the smell wafting thru the car windows! :) Service was quite slow & they weren't even close to being busy, so that was a turnoff & not a good 1st impression! The hostess needed an attitude adjustment as well. You're a hostess, not a princess. But the pizzas were fantastic! True New York style for sure (reminds me a little of Johns Pizzeria in Midtown Manhattan). I had a 9" meat lovers & my partner had a 9" white. I was quite impressed when I asked the waitress if I could sub the ham for kalamata olives & she said "sure" without hesitation! Most other places would have been all "um no, sorry" or "well ok, but you'll have to pay extra." Not here--no problem at all! I'm generally not a cheese pizza fan, but that white pizza was oh so yummy! The crust was just right (not to thick but not paper thin), and they had no problem getting the cheese extra brown for me either. I'd always heard & read great things about Hawthorne's (& didn't realize there were other locations), and tonight I see they're all true. I think H's is my new favorite "pizza joint!" They also had a great selection of pastas & salads too; not just the kind a lot of other places have that look like an afterthought; like "oh yah, and we serve this stuff too just in you don't want pizza." These looked like true, restaurant-quality dishes. Can't wait to try'em! The atmosphere was cozy & very welcoming & "local." Although it wasn't busy, there were several regulars that the staff knew, so that says a lot about the place. Great place for everyone, from frat guys wanting pizza 'n beer, to post soccer team families, to after church groups, to teenage study groups.
4	This is my local watering hole where I venture several times a week.   Good place to meet up for drinks after work or unwind during the weekend.  The Pizza is some of best in town & the pasta and sandwiches are solid also.  Staff is friendly and I've not had any issue with service.  During dinner times (6:30-8) when I see typically wait but seating is not bad anytime before or after.  This is not a sports bar its a family restaurant that as TVs that play sports on limited number of channels (not in HD either (one of my only gripes of the place).If you want pizza this is place to visit or have beer on patio during nice weather.
4	My owner goes here regularly and seems to be happy when he comes home.  He says the pizza is really good and particularly likes the Buffalo Chicken and Luau pizzas.  The chicken wings and calamari are both good as is the house salad with Balsamic Vinagarette dressing.  He dropped a leftover piece of Calamari on the floor and I really liked it.  They also have good lunch specials (wraps and salads).They have a good beer selection and on Monday nights all drafts are discounted.  There is a small bar area if you just want to grab a drink and an outdoor patio that is nice when the weather is warm enough.  There has been some recent turnover in wait staff since a couple of new neighborhood places opened up but hopefully the new ones will stay and keep the neighborhood feel that you don't get at Concord Mills.
4	Great drinks and great food.  Tuesday is trivia and if you come for lunch you can usually make it back to work within an hour if your drive is less than 15 min
4	Great little place close to home.  We went with the dinners since it was "Prince Spaghetti Night" (every Wednesday) and were pleasantly awarded with some great pasta dishes.  It's hard to mess up Baked Ziti, but it's also hard to make it "Wow".  Hawthorne's did just that.  The right amount of sauce, cheeses, and pasta make for a great dish all around.  The service was top-notch without any need to ask for re-fills.  Their beer selection was decent, and the prices were well within the competitive range.  The do have a $1.50 draft night on Monday, which will get me thinkin' about heading out for Monday Night Football.  Speaking of...they do have several large televisions on each wall that would make for watching the game quite easy in a great atmosphere.Noosh!
4	Service was great...food priced good for portions. Bartender, got it!!
4	Food is great, but the bartender was a moron. I paid my 25 dollar tab with a 20 dollar gift card and a 20 dollar bill, and he kept my cash and gave me the 15 dollar remainder on a the gift card. When I asked him why he did that, he said it was too late to fix the transaction. Dumb.
1	I decided to give this place a second chance. The first time around, I was charged close to $9 for a buffalo chicken salad that had a few SMALL pcs of chicken and a bunch of lettuce. This time, I ordered penne vodka, almost $11. when I get home and open up the foil container, I could SEE the bottom of the container! It was about two small cups worth of pasta. This is unconscionable. I will never go there again.
1	I'm very disappointed in Hawthorne's since Marissa became the manager.   I've been at minimum a weekly customer for 3 years.  She doesn't seem to notice or appreciate her loyal customers.   The latest changes have been to remove oreos from the kids menu (are they really that expensive?) As well as changing the free kid's meal for a report card - in the middle of the year.  I have already changed the location of my weekly lunch for this week and honestly don't know when I'll go back (not that she'll care).  I will now take my business to restaurants nearby that know how to appreciate their customers.   She should take a trip to Chick fil A and learn how to treat a customer.
5	Good beer selection and great pizza. Love their wings. Best in the hood and better than the other joints around Highland Creek. Much to choose from their menu. Great bar area and good place to watch sports. Great Highland Creek  neighborhood bar. Hawthorne has a good reputation in Charlotte.
4	This is a great place to grab a beer and share a pizza.  The service is friendly, and there's a good selection of draft beers.  This is more of a family place than a bar, and there are usually a ton of kids running around.  There's a good patio area to hang out in, which is great in the summer.  The antipasta salad is great!
5	Hey, this is my local H20ing hole.  The best wings!  Pizza is great too (buffalo chicken).  Great selection--can't go wrong.
4	Good Food, but....Listen, I like Hawthorne's.  I started my relationship with Hawthorne's @ the 7th street location, and was elated to discover there was a closer location to my residence in a shopping plaza off of Prosperity Church Rd, in north Charlotte.I've been to this particular Hawthorne's location over 20 times in the past 4 years, and I can say I've never had a bad meal there.  Although, I can't go so far to say the food is excellent, just good.  Menu highlights include the following:*Wings - the wings are one of the best kept secrets in Charlotte.  I like to go with the Carlo's Sweet Wings, which are some of the best and unique tasting wings in Charlotte.  You simply won't find wings in this area with a taste that compares to these wings,  *Calamari - the calamari is great.  The diablo sauce, which is like a marinara sauce, is served warm and is somewhat spicy.  It perfectly compliments the tender, fried, calamari.  Don't forget to unleash the lemon juice over the calamari before eating.*Chicken Parm - the Chicken Parmesan is a step above your standard chicken parm and is served with a healthy serving of sauce and angel hair pasta*The Carlo's Chicken Sandwhich - One of the best chicken sandwiches in all of Charlotte.  Served with a balsamic vingerette on the side, and waffle fries. I like to add avocado for a $1 extra.*The Pastas - All of the pastas served at Hawthorne's are good, some better than others depending on your personal tastes.  Also keep in mind that you can add chicken to any pasta for an additional fee.The service at Hawthorne's is always first class.  The waitresses are always on top of things.  They are quick, efficient, and never keep you there longer than you need to be.  They are always more than willing to bring you a side of ranch or more marinara if you need.  I have always received just what I ordered, exactly how I ordered it.  MY ONE, and ONLY complaint about Hawthorne's is that it can be a bit pricey.  The calamari will run you in excess of $10 (for not a very big portion).  All of the pastas seem to be about $1.50-$3.00 more expensive than what they should be.  I hate to sound like a penny-pincher, but this just isn't the place to go if you are on a budget. Despite the prices, Hawthorne's has consistently good food, excellent service and I will continue to be a patron of this establishment in the future.
4	Never disappointed when I go there. The veal parm dish is very good at a reasonable price. Their pizza is great but it always tastes better when you eat it there. Good beer selection and a good place to sit outside and enjoy a meal.
5	This is one of the best spots in Charlotte to get a PIE.  I am a NY transplant in charlotte and have worked in the restaurant industry my entire life with a focus on pizza and pasta.  Hawthorne's does pizza just the way it should be.  Thin, fold-able crust, flavorful sauce with a good bite of basil and just enough mozzarella.  Friday night is usually pizza night at the house and we always go to Hawthorne's.  They are consistant and have a friendly staff.The pizza is not only the great items, the wife swears they have the best salads in town, including the balsamic vinaigrette.  On a side note we have tried Due Amici numerous times and found them to be inconsistent and rude.   Even the Italians I knew up north had more hospitality than these guys.
5	I love this place. Local feel and good food.  Ask for the pasta primavera-it's stacked with crisp veggies and just right.  They give pizza dough to the kids as a time-killer which makes it easier to hang on busy nights.
3	I went to Hawthorne's for lunch with coworkers for a birthday celebration. The restaurant is tidy and well-kept. They offer a full bar and televisions for sports entertainment. The service was good and the food was tasty. I typically do not frequent pizza spots, but this one is suitable for a casual social gathering/outing.
1	Food is excellent. But the service and "policies" are so horrible that I've taken to picking up frozen pizza at the Harris Teeter next door rather than patronizing Hawtorn's. "We can't..." seems to be the motto ("... do half and half toppings on a small pizza" ... accept a call-ahead order on an empty afternoon... deliver .... take a credit card over the phone). The pizza is good, but not good enough to tolerate the annoyance of dealing with the staff and management, unfortunately.
2	Good food -- lousy customer service.  You can find good pizza elsewhere without the headache.
4	this place is near my house. it has become my hangout not only because it is cliose but the food is great.$2.50 draft beers on mondays.
4	There are a few different locations which I have not yet been able to frequent but this venue seems to have it together- good location, great atmosphere, and great food. Although right around the corner from another (authentic) Italian joint, Due Amici's, I usually tend to make it out here in the event I'd like to have a brew or two with some well crafted Italian food. This location is good for either a dine-in or take-out order.The menu is decent. There is some variety, but I think they could always use a few more items. The salads are a little overpriced for what they give you, but if you are a fan of garlic knots, you really need to try theirs! They are VERY good. For those dining-in, the interior is impressive and much resembles that of a sports bar. Not quite an upscale venue, but great atmosphere nonetheless. Italian + brews + football = good times had by all.
3	Good pizza, I also like that they use the "level up" app. I saved $10 on my order.
2	I really want to still love Hawthorne's, but the consistency at the prosperity store is just not there any more.  Recently , including an 18- inch pepperoni pie and garlic knots we ordered takeout 8 days ago, everything is burned.  I expect the bottom to be brown on a pie, but not with black spots.  I expect the knots to be done so they are not gooey, but they should NOT be 50% black on top.  I'm not going back for awhile this time, and, it makes me really sad.  Someone, like an expediter(?) needs to do quality control before you send food, in the house and for takeout.  How come Giacomo's and Due Amici can get it right on not burning?
3	It's fine. I don't really understand the infatuation some people have with this place, though. Both times I have been there, the pizza seemed really soggy (like wet and floppy) and overpriced. I did like that there were a couple of booths that could seat larger groups, but they weren't very comfortable.
4	I have 1 more data point for takeout a couple weeks ago.  The garlic knots were not burned, and did have some oil but were indeed 'light oil' as requested.  I request light oil because by the time you get full-oil knots home they are often soggy and not enjoyable.  full-oil works ok in a restaurant where it just goes to the table.  The pizza was also excellent: not burned.  So great job!  Thanks!  This whole process through Yelp worked; where I wrote a review, the restaurant saw it and made a change; now things are good again.  I'm kind of excited about this :).
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!  Crappy dough pizza is subpar calzone was no good. Decent beers but expensive...  Go somewhere else :(
4	The garlic knots are insane! Great selection of pizza, pasta and salad!
3	I'm not mad at this place. It is what it purports to be - it is a bar and does in fact serve pizza. The menu was big, but it seems a little busy.  That might explain the "just alright" nature of all of the food that I tried. I enjoyed my Elizabeth Special - pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, peppers, onions, and delicious mozzarella. The crust was a tiny bit soggy, but it still held up well. My mom tackled the Greek salad, but it was too large. Fairly good, but overpowered with dressing. I sampled from the pizzas of my friends and had roughly the same experience. The combo of my flavors was better, though ;)On the bright side, they have good table service and a good beer selection. I also liked sitting outside, even though the cafe next door allowed smoking on their patio.  We were seated quickly and got plenty of attention when needed, so no complaints there. Since I'm not in the area often, I'm not sure I'd seek it out again, though most places deserve a second go. Stick with the pizza and beer and things should be fine.
4	8/16/13Great pizza place in sister's neighborhood!  My first visit here was a day shy of two years ago- I found a pic on my laptop of a Margherita pizza from here dated 8/17/11.  I remember thinking the pizza and calamari were great, and my spaghetti-loving sister enjoyed her selection, as well...Tonight, we ordered drafts of YuengLing (BIL) and Honey Brown (moi), a bottle of Corona (with a lime wedge; sis), and waters all around.  Our server Blair was kind enough to let me sample the Waterkeeper Hefeweizen (one of two specials on tap) and the HB http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hawthornes-ny-pizza-and-bar-charlotte-10?select=XQX6OCUnFv9MacOAbwS-EQ#XQX6OCUnFv9MacOAbwS-EQ before I ordered a pint.  BIL ordered the other draft special, Dale's pale ale, but he didn't like it, so sis asked if he could switch it out for another.  No prob.  For food, we chose the calamari to start, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hawthornes-ny-pizza-and-bar-charlotte-10?select=69xy3Q3NjSUTRomDOgDj4w#69xy3Q3NjSUTRomDOgDj4w and an 18" half-Elizabeth Special and half-Hawthorne's Special White, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hawthornes-ny-pizza-and-bar-charlotte-10?select=1kmEdfAxtM0pjzYTyJHDMQ#1kmEdfAxtM0pjzYTyJHDMQ while nephew wanted the cheese pizza. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hawthornes-ny-pizza-and-bar-charlotte-10?select=lJE9Ugy6CD9wFH-b92flcg#lJE9Ugy6CD9wFH-b92flcg  While I can't speak for my sister and BIL's usual pizza pick (Italian sausage, pepperoni, 'shrooms, green bell, white onions, mozz), sister and I LOVED the HSW, which had ricotta cream sauce, mozz, (lotsa!) pesto, and sundried tomatoes.  I really appreciated the thin crusts served here. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hawthornes-ny-pizza-and-bar-charlotte-10?select=iSE_JGbw3nZ0Ks3CXN60Cg#iSE_JGbw3nZ0Ks3CXN60Cg  Sister already decided this combo is what they're ordering on their next visit.A great meal out almost always ends with something sweet, and I love tiramisu, so this was a must-try. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hawthornes-ny-pizza-and-bar-charlotte-10?select=xGX1CO0Jfnq4qwe_WitiYg#xGX1CO0Jfnq4qwe_WitiYg  Sis ordered a slice of chocolate cake for my nephew. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hawthornes-ny-pizza-and-bar-charlotte-10?select=fIgdOPFPCcLTquIoSyJzGQ#fIgdOPFPCcLTquIoSyJzGQ  They were BOTH absolutely amazing!  I like tiramisu that is rich in flavor-sweet mascarpone, but not cloyingly so, and rich espresso taste, no greasy mouth-feel, and not too light and fluffy, and this was perfect!  (I asked for the powdered sugar to be omitted.)  The chocolate cake is also a must-have!  It was a lot denser than the tiramisu-- almost flourless in texture, or at least the part I ate from was (the outer edge of the cake).  Too bad the busser threw out our take-out containers of sweet treats... They're pricey!  (Tiramisu was almost $6, and the chocolate cake was $8, but come to think of it, the cake slice was huge.)  I even labeled and dated them, but not even two minutes had passed when I thought I'd forgotten my phone and ran in to retrieve it, and our table had already been cleared, and the busser didn't even bat an eye.  We didn't notice that the desserts were missing until we were home.  Make sure you check the tab for accuracy!!p.s.  The Honey Brown lived up to its name, and I definitely preferred it after sampling the bitter hef, but the beer kept impressing me as I ate the calamari (awesome combo) and then progressed to the pizza.  I had my sister try the beer after each course, and she concurred.  I would order this again in the future!
5	Awesome place, love it!   Great waitresses and great food!  Sausage plate!  Pizza!  Beer!  Family fun!   Patio!
4	AlwYs a good family dinner option. We live nearby and enjoy this place. Fabulous pizzas, really tasty with toppings cut perfectly and they are huge slices!!
4	Good pizza, not the best, but still really good. I had lunch at the Hawthorne's on 7th in Charlotte two days in a row and on the second day, I decided to have it for dinner as well. I called in a to-go order at this Highland Creek location as soon as I left work, which was quick and easy. I ordered a large cheese and large pepperoni, and she said it would take 30 mins. Kind of perfect for me since that's how long it would take me to get there. As soon as I got there I was pointed to the back and my order was ready. I did notice how overcrowded it was and accidentally bumped a few people with my pregnant belly (lol!). It seemed pretty clean, but I would never want to actually sit down and eat here on a Friday evening because of the crowd and the loud roar. I was surprised the girl could actually hear me on the phone. The boy at the hostess podium held the door open for me as he saw me struggle to carry two large boxes, a huge purse and a big belly, which I thought was nice. Anyway, I do plan on making more to-go orders in the future. You know, those days when I don't feel like cooking or whenever I have those cravings :/
5	Great pizza, great selection of beer and great service by Kayla; she's the best server in Charlotte!
2	Meh, is the best way to describe it. Just moved into the area and I ordered two large pizzas and it was almost thirty dollars! I don't mind paying that for two pizzas but they honestly were not that good. I am not picky about pizza by any means but ill have to differ in this case. The atmosphere of the place is actually quite enjoyable and have not had the privilege of getting a few beers there.
1	I was having family come visit from out of state and ordered pizza on my way home from work. They said it would take 30 mins, and when I got there, they didn't even have an order put in for me. They kept insisting that I had called the wrong number and that my order was probably at another location. No. It wasn't. I called the same number that I called last time I placed an order here. I even confirmed the number that I called by looking at the number on their cards. I also asked her to look for my order using my phone number. She said she would and 5 minutes later, says she couldn't find it. HELLO?! You didn't even ask for my number!! The manager then comes up and says the phone number isn't even on the tickets, that they're by name. So why bother asking for a phone number anyway?  I mean seriously. After going through this whole ordeal, I ask the girl how long it would take if I made the order now. She said 10-15 mins.. 10 minutes later, she STILL hadn't put my order in. It's not hard, I just wanted a cheese and peperoni pizza. The manager offered me 50% off and I took it. I'm still not happy about it. A discount doesn't compensate for your incompetent workers who can't even put an order in. So here I am, still waiting for my pizza, and I'm furious to say the least. I will not be returning. Ever.BTW, I've been here for an hour waiting for two pizzas.
2	went there for "the best in pizza in Charlotte"  First of all very noisy.  Wife had a martini, I wanted a good stout.  All they had was Guiness, not my favorite.  Not a grreat selection of beers.Ordered linguini and clams and small cheese and  extra sausage.I am from Chicago the home of the deep dish.  Where the crust is thick and flakey like pie dough.  Where the cheese is quarter inch thick. and you can't see the cheese because it's completely covered with tomatoes and  ground sausage.This was a dissapointment.  The crust was soggy and oily. The sausage was sliced and not a lot.The linguini was much better.will keep looking
4	Love this place. Pizza, pasta, stromboli, wings, garlic knots......can't go wrong with any of them.
2	I have been eating in and ordering out from Hawthornes for years.... but I think it's time to find another 'favorite pizza' place. Both the quality and the amount of ingredients have literally been getting smaller and smaller ..... ordered my usual pizza a few days ago and when I got it home.... there was hardly any cheese on it... it wasn't as 'juicey' as normal and the ingredients stopped about an inch and a half from the rim. If i wanted bread, I would have ordered bread ... I think the problem lies with each pizza maker.... the last 2 of 3 times the pizza was sub par..the taste was just not there like usual...... I am really disappointed.
2	I went today in hopes of having some good pizza. By good I mean better than Pizza Hut or Dominoes. I had high hopes for the Luau pizza and the "spicy" chicken wings. The Luau pizza was nothing special. I have had better pineapple pizza at other places. The chicken wings were super dry. Ranch didn't even help. They were super super dry. They weren't spicy either! The quality of the food was not worth the price. The atmosphere was good. Everything look clean and customer service was also good. The food was definitely a disappointment. I probably will never go back.
3	When I went here with my family it was kids night so Kids meals were free. We enjoyed ourselves because they had a magician and balloon artist.  However the service was a little slow. They were packed to capacity and we had to wait at least 20 minutes just to get some food. I had 2 kids with me and they were getting really antsy. Also, SN, my youngest daughter spilled her milk on the floor. It took at least five minutes for anyone to acknowledge and bring over napkins. I had to ask for them and napkins and finally they sent someone over to mop it up.Regarding the taste of the food, the pizza was really good. Reminds me of a Wolfman pizza a little. However I had a Stromboli as well and it was really oily and the cheese was not melted all the way through. Eeew. I would definitely return on another kids tonight because kids eat free.
4	Good pizza
4	Good menu, reasonably priced. A couple of good selections, as far as wine (but check the freshness)Out in the middle of nowhere with lots of construction. Forget the GPS for now
2	The food is actually not bad at all. The reason for the poor rating is that the place is way over priced. It's $10 for a chicken sandwich and the cheapest thing on the kids menu is $6. Really?  The location is in an out of the way shopping center near Highland Creek. About the furthest thing imaginable from a high rent district. They need to do a little research of comparable establishments in the area (e.g. Pippa's Cafe, Johnny Brusco's, Afton Pizza etc.) and they'd quickly see the discrepancy.
4	I love Hawthornes! The food is priced appropriately. Kids menu is a coloring sheet (with two crayons provided). They also give the kids pizza dough to play with while the food is cooking. My boys ordered cheese pizza (round, individual size pizza). I had a calzone. Food was great
4	Went in for lunch today and was impressed. I didn't have the pizza but had one of the best wraps I have ever eaten. It was the veggie wrap with fried eggplant, mushrooms, tomato, cheese, and horseradish mayo. It was the lunch special and came with a side salad tossed in balsamic vinaigrette. The dressing was way too oily for my taste so I wouldn't recommend that. The portion was very large for lunch and brought the other half of the wrap home for dinner. Service was fine. Maybe next time I'll try the pizza but it will be hard to order that over the delicious wrap!
5	First of all if you want the best pizza in Charlotte go to any of their many locations and get their pizza whole or by the slice. Second I just finished hosting an event for my corporate team for about 175 people Bram and his family/team went above and beyond the catering call of duty helping me with odds and ends that the venue didn't assist with. Plus their by the pan menu is to die for and gives you a great bang for your buck. I work for a company that due to religious background many of our employees have very strict dietary restrictions and they accommodated for us perfectly. I have never worked with a caterer who put their best effort and love into their food and service the way that Hawthorne's did and I highly recommend them to anyone.
