5	Five stars for Great Clips?  Yes.  Let me tell you why.  Today, my 16-year-old son decided that he couldn't take his hair anymore.  We go through this cycle every few months.  Nicholas will decide that he will grow his hair out until he decides that he can't take it any longer and needs to cut it RIGHT NOW!  This happened today when we went to the gym.  Like I usually do when his hair gets too long, I ask him, "Nicholas, your hair needs to be cut now, doesn't it?"  And he replies, "No, I want to wait until the end of the month."  And I say, "That's Friday."  And he says, "I'll wait until then."  This is what it's like with teenagers.  But then we went to work out and when we exited the 24 Hour Fitness, Nicholas tells me, "I want to get my hair cut now."  What the what?!  Okay, fine.  So, we drive over to Great Clips near our house where he's been going for the past five years because that's where Lisa works.  Who's Lisa?  Lisa is a super gal who used to work at SuperCuts and then she left and we followed her to Great Clips.  Why?  Because she knows how to cut my son's hair.  My son is biracial, half Filipino and half Black, to be exact.  And, when you find someone who knows how to do a fade the correct way and who works in this neighborhood, you follow that person wherever they go.  Back to today.  We drive up to the shop and Nicholas spies Lisa walking to her car.  "You're LEAVING?!" he cries.  He didn't cry, but he wasn't happy.  Lisa was just going to be gone for 20 minutes so the poor girl could go to Jimmy John's for a veggie sandwich, but because she's Lisa and awesome, she walked back to the shop with my desperate son.  There was already one customer waiting to get his hair did, so Lisa took that dude first and then she cut off my son's hair--is that great customer service or what?!  I'm sure she was starving, too, because we talked about food the whole time she was cutting Nicholas' hair.  I don't think she appreciated that, but what else am I going to talk about?  Thanks, Lisa--you're a real peach and you make my son happy every time he decides he doesn't have the patience to grow a 'fro like the old days when he was 5.  The end.
5	Okay...  So this is the Great Clips I ALWAYS go to...  There's a reason for this... The service is always great and the people who work here always pay attention to what you want and are willing to try their best to make you look as good as you can..."hair-wise" anyhow...with whatever hair you have or have left. :)After waiting a little longer than normal to get a haircut, which is not a great idea for me as my gray hair becomes even MORE pronounced, I decided to wander in to my neighborhood Great Clips.  As luck should have it, the "usual suspects" are working the afternoon/evening-shift.  I've never been here during the early part of the day as I work late at night but I'm sure that if the night crew is any example, the day crew must be awesome as well.Sasha cut my hair tonight and it turned out great as always.  She is very personable and detail oriented as is probably exactly what you really want from someone with this occupation.  Seeing as how I wear glasses, I totally trust her judgement when it comes to whatever she thinks she needs to do to keep everything looking okay, like a quick eyebrow trim (apparently my eyebrows grow just as fast if not faster than the hair on my head). :-/I've never had a bad haircut here and the people that work here (and have worked here in the past) have always been fun to talk to and interested in giving you the haircut you want.If you're looking for somewhere to get a haircut I highly recommend THIS Great Clips. :)
5	I have been going to Great Clips for the last two years.  My previous hair salon charged me big bucks $$$ to cut my very short hair.   This salon is quite close to me, less than 5 miles.      I usually go online to make my "appointment" as they also have walk-ins, but this way I can get my best hair cut with my favorite hairdressers.  I use Joanne and Sasha but anybody there can give you a great haircut.  Just tell them what you want and that is what you will get.  I get a Senior price $10, but regular hair cut is only $12.   How good is that???  I don't get a wash as I do that before I come.     I am so glad to come here as everyone is so pleasant and nice!!  This salon is in the Albertsons Shopping Center on Buffalo Drive about 2 or 3 blocks from West Lake Mead Avenue in Summerlin and a few blocks from Summerlin Parkway.   Go there, you won't be disappointed!!!
5	I'm sure to visit this location monthly and have been for years. The stylists are friendly and know my family by name,they are efficient and most importantly, they are great at what they do. This was a great find in the neighborhood!
5	I've been coming here for awhile. 99% of the time its great. I'm easy going. People are very nice. Great with my kids. Take my advice.... reserve spot online. It will save time.
5	The best hair cut in Summerlin!! Joann and the crew are all great stylist!! I've been coming here for about 6 year and never a bad cut.
3	I went to Great Clips in April and had my hair done by Joann who returned back to this  salon after being away for a few months.   She told me if I write a review on Yelp the salon would give me $5 off my next haircut.   I wrote the review and mentioned the address and place of the salon.    I used the computer to "sign in' and as Joann came in at 2 PM,  I got there at 2:10.    I was told there was about an HOUR and a half wait as there were 4 people ahead of me.  I only saw one person.I decided to use another hairdresser and she was fine.    However, there was some kind of "problem" with what I wrote as I was given a runaround about the $5 as Joann had to go on the computer, even though I brought the printed ad in mentioning the location.    I will still use this place as all the people there give me a good haircut, but did not like the fact that I was told that they have another, different salon on Buffalo Drive and then the review I wrote wouldn't get me the $5 off.
5	I went to the Cheyenne Commons location (Cheyenne and N. Rainbow- 3101 N. Rainbow Blvd) a few times and its always a great experience.  I love Michelle.  She is so detailed oriented and takes her time.  All of the stylist there are great.  Recommend this Great Clips highly.
1	My other review got deleted bc I had wayyy too much to say and not enough space. So here goes. This place hella sucks. I checked in online and got there early and people who came in AFTER I did and werent online customers got helped first. From what my joke of a hairstylist said, is that the women there do not like cutting women's hair. Most likely because they don't know how, I'm a prime example.  The staff here is rude and act like they are American Crew or Toni and Guy trained, which they're clearly not. Lets fast forward, I HAD really long hair, I asked my girl for some layers and to have my thick hair texturized. I asked her about 5 times, if she was ok cutting it and she said yes. She basically gave me a mullet and sent me on my way. My hair was butchered, seriously.  It looks like she took a bowl and placed it on top of my head and cut around it then left the rest long. It looked stupid and the layers on top were soooo short I couldn't even use a small curling iron. She also did a hack job on my sons hair.Avoid this place and go to the one on Town Center and Charleston and ask for Katie. She fixed my hair, which I basically had to chop off because of the moron who thinks she can cut hair. What a joke.
5	I love this Great Clips  . I have been coming to this Great Clips with my son for 6 years and we love our stylist she is Great . So come down to this location you will get a good haircut !!!!
4	I would get my hair cut by Kennedy at the Rainbow location and love her so much I have followed her to this location even though it's a little further.
