2	The food here is what I'd expect from a Wendy's, but don't go into the dining room if you're in a hurry. They obviously give the drive-thru top priority and you can wait upwards of 15 minutes for your food. The dining room was clean and the people were friendly. I'll go back, but I'll be staying in my car.
4	I swung by one evening on my way who knows where (I drive big rigs). You guys were busy, pretty DAMN busy!! The store was clean and organised just the same! a nice thing to see considering some of the dining tragedies i get to see in my profession. You had 1 person that stood out of the group of hard working employees. Her name was Alyssa, and she kicked many butts! She was kind, thorough and proficient. She took my order and was clearly in a "zone". like a well oiled cog, she moved fluidly through the madness and still had the poise to ask if i needed extra napkins! To you Alyssa I say "Bravo"!! I look forward to going there again!
5	First of all, it's Wendy's, so obviously it's fast food. And it's in a pilot gas station stop so tons of big rigs. But the customer service there is phenomenal. The gentleman in the afternoon, I think his name is Sam, walks around and asks how is your day going and if he can refill your drink. But he sounds so honest when he asks how your doing. There is another gentleman At the cashier, can't remember his name but he remember me After one visit And was very kind and helpful. Good job Wendy's team and management.
1	Wendy's is not fine dining. But i do expect to not only get what I asked for but not get cold food. On both account this Wendy's has failed. The first time went through the drive thru they got my order wrong. When I went inside to tell them they forgot a burger they gave me attitude. They finally gave me the burger with no " sorry about that". The second time. I ordered, the service was fine and fast. But the fries were cold and stale. The burger was barely warm. I can only guess due to the speedy delivery that someone else had ordered this and it had been sitting out.  Will not go back and if I do need a Wendy's burger that bad I will drive the 2miles to the other one.
2	Stopped by for a gas and rest stop and breakfast . I was very happy with the various options. The cashier was not very friendly and could barely hear what she was asking me, the food tasted good but not very warm especially the hash browns
5	The cashier was very helpful In serving me and made sure everything was correct. The manager a young man, asked how my meal was and if I was having a good day. I applaud the manager for expressing concern to a customer,  hard to find now a days. 6:3 2pm 09.05.14 - wendys management please Look into this location for customer service points. I had a great experience.
