4	This is a fancy shoe store, so I didn't know what to expect here. I kept thinking that Al Bundy would like working there, as most of the girls who walked in were way cute. In any case, I came in here because I was kinda looking for some shoes for work. I didn't have a clear idea of what I wanted, so I was browsing. I was promptly asked if I needed help, so that was cool. I couldn't find anything that was really awesome, so I didn't get anything. Plus I felt like some of the shoes were too pricey. Still, I'll come back here at some point. The shoes seemed nice, though not in the professional way I need, and the service was good.
3	Since this place was an outlet, you would think they have more of a selection .. NOPE! .. all the aldo i went to have the same thing so nothing was like a "OH must have this" feeling. However, they did have more selections off the clearance section but nothing that caught my eyes.
4	This place has come to the rescue for me twice when I had mishaps with the shoes I brought to Vegas. Axel was a doll with helping me out this time around, and gave good feedback with choosing a new pair to go with the dress I had planned on wearing. I decided to go with a black satin 4 inch heel. I'd normally settle for at least 3, but they were actually a good height, not to mention extremely comfortable. Aldo has yet to stir me wrong. I'm more than likely to invest in another pair in the near future.
5	Want to be trendy and have hot shoes without selling your left kidney then Aldo is the place for you. This location in perticular is extremly good. I was helped by Axel (i think that was his name he had brown hair and brown glasses) and he was a great sales man. I really appreciated that he was honest and extremly nice. He actually was able to break me from my rut of buying black shoes and got me to buy a brown pair. The selection at this location is also very good. I believe they had most of Aldo's line. The prices are on par with any other Aldo so unless you find something on the bargain rack don't expect any savings because it is the outlet store. All and all a great location with a great staff.
3	I used to work at this location. It has a vast selection of styles for both men and women. It is the outlets location north, it has all the same boutique styles as the other locations but SAME PRICE! The clearance section is what makes the difference and this location the outlet. Over all most shoes are excellent quality, some not so good but you get what you pay for and if its my old team I worked with helping you expect OUTSTANDING customer service. Franky is the manager he is awesome! Sinahi is cashier she got the hook up on that shoe care too! Sometimes I miss that joint but the pay wasn't worth all the hard work I put into it but if you're shopping on a budget this place is the spot to be!
5	Excellent customer service!
1	the " fine gentlemen with crew cut hair "switch the price tag on a shoe that was on the sale rack. the shoe was displayed at 34.99. but the shoe that was in the box was priced at 64.99. he went and got the shoe, walk through the back and  the price of the displayed shoe changed when he showed it to me. highly unprofessional by Aldo. how do they train these employees  to make sales and commission by using such tactics.please be more ethical and professional. please spread and like if it happened to you!
