2	The past few times I have stopped at this restaurant to use the drive thru; its been backed up to at least 9 cars.  This McDonalds had customers all confused of who was next in line, which unfortunately there was customers trying to cut in from another side of the drive thru. BUT still if McDonalds was having a order that was taking longer then usual, then ask the customers nicely to park to the side so you can move the other cars waiting.  I thought maybe the whole Restaurant was behind but someone parked and went inside to get their food, to come out only 2 minutes later.  Unfortunately I could not do that since I was caught in the middle of the line.  That indicated to me that they were not behind through the whole store, it was just the drive thru that was sucking.  I like this McDonalds, but they need to be aware of their customers outside also. Its unpleasant when you have to deal with other customers trying to act like they been in line the whole time and trying to cut in from a different side of the McDonalds.  Very rude.  Its common knowledge that the mornings and lunch hours are the busiest, put in better procedures or processes to make sure the customer is happy.
4	It's McDonald's, expect the expected. This location isn't open late. Keep going down to the one next to AZ Mills for late nite McD's.
2	I am amped that this particular site does not include four dipping sauces for a 20 piece, Chicken McNuggets. The only give 3, and you have to pay for the fourth. Any other McDonald's in the area gives you four without asking. This McDonald's is trying to pull a fast one. So I just want everyone to know how dirty I think this is. Ever since I was a kid when we ordered nuggets we got 4 dipping sauces. That 5 nuggets per sauce. They expect me to try and ration almost 7 nuggets per container? That's unacceptable. I guess I will visit the McClintock or the ASU locations from now on.
1	I vow to never step foot into this mcdonald's again.  It is by far, the nastiest McDonald's I have ever visited.  We went in today for an after school mcflurry.  The place smelled bad (think vomit) and it was dirty.  The upholstered chairs are in such bad shape that they have been "repaired" with duct tape all along the entire bank of tables.  This place gives me the creeps.  So long McDonald's.  I don't think I'll miss you.
4	Always great!  Hot fries to die for
2	This McDonald's is okay. I've been to better ones. My friends and I stopped here for breakfast en route to the NASCAR race. We had to wait a few minutes for their food, which was no big deal, so my friend and I found a table while our other friend used the bathroom. When she came back to the table, the look on her face said it all. She informed us NOT to use the bathroom there unless we use the handicap stall. Why? Because some female had started her monthly problem and left evidence of it IN PLAIN SIGHT on top of the disposal receptacle inside the stall plus the toilet was a mess! The bathroom in general looked as if it hadn't been checked or cleaned in quite some time as well, our friend said. I'm sorry, but any place that doesn't take the time to clean up all parts of their place of business won't be getting my business ever again!
1	Please note: I realize this is fast food and I am rating it as such.This is what I ordered in the drive-thru and in this order:  1 chocolate milk, 1 small orange juice, 1 large vanilla iced coffee, 6 sausage mcmuffins, 1 large coke.  Here is the response I got:  1 large french vanilla iced coffee, anything else?It took a few tries but she finally got my order right.  When we picked up the food, the coffee had no flavoring.  Albeit, I was mad at the need to go into the restaurant (we used drive-thru for a reason) but when I got in there the manager said she didn't give me flavoring because of how they wrote the ticket.  She was wearing the drive-thru headset!  When I asked who took my order then, she flat out lied to me and said someone else took it.  It's one thing to get crappy service in a fast food restaurant but when the manager has no honesty or integrity at all, they deserve to go out of business.  I really hope the manager above her sees this.  If a manager can't even be honest to a customer about a simple order, what else is she capable of doing?
3	This is a newer McDonald's, which is designed with a more contemporary feel. There's a large indoor playground for your kids too. Service was quite sluggish though.Despite the wait, this will be forever in my memory be the first McDonald's where I tried a shamrock shake (Minty creamy sweet delicious!).
1	Horrible customer service. And apparently all the employees have a hard time hearing. I asked for my burger without PICKLES or mustard. But I guess the girl heard no onions or mustard. So I brought it back up and I'm going to assume I talked to the shift manager and she said "well it says no onions that's why you didn't get onions". Obviously that's why I didn't get onions. I'm not stupid. But that's not what I had said. I guess pickles and onions sound the same. This location sucks only because the employees are not friendly and they don't listen. Your job isn't that hard. And if you hate it then do something about it. Don't give someone crappy service because of it.
