5	The owner basically fixes your shoes, which makes it even better, because you're dealing directly with the owner. He's personable, extremely experienced, and his work is very reasonably priced. I have taken countless shoes, heels, boots, and belts to be fixed here and every single time he works a miracle! Even when I thought it couldn't be fixed, I took it anyway and thank goodness I did. This is also a leather shop, women's heel's are also accepted, and a couple of other miscellaneous things he will fix. He works magic, so if you're unsure, just go ahead and take it in - he has yet to reject anything I've brought in. Let's see what else do you need to know...well he takes it in and much like a tailor can estimate how much it will cost and will call you when it's ready. When you pick it up is when you pay. Depending on the job it can be done right then and there for you or it might take a week. Nothing has taken longer than a week for me.
5	We just took a pair of my wife's boots in to Jackson's to see if he could stretch out the toe area just a bit since they were causing a blister.The service was just what we needed.  Fast, efficient and the fit is much better.He completed them a day earlier than promised and the cost was inexpensive.Great job Jackson's - We know where we will go from here on when we need some shoe or boot repairs done.
5	After going to another repair shop and being told my shoes could not be repaired, I decided to get a second opinion.  Mr. Jackson works and runs this store.  He told me yes, he could fix them and it would be about $20.  I agreed.  He called me about a week later and told me the shoes were ready.  I went today to pick them up and they looked great and it was only $15.  I would use his services again.
5	I took my boots in the get the heel caps done. They also had scratches and marked on the heel/toe. He did a great job and they look like new!!  I definitely recommend this shop for any boot repair. It was done in 2 days and I thought it would be a week at least.
