3	SW corner of W Sahara Ave & Torrey Pines inside Sinclair(Formerly it was located on Jones between Spring Mtn & Desert Inn-right out front of the old Boston Bar & Grill.)You can smell the BBQ from a block away, they cook on an open pit bbq so you can see it & smell it before you even get out of the car.I have been trying to try this place ever since I saw it reappeared in this gas station.It's only open Tues-Saturday.Sandwiches are 2 for 1 so I got a HOT link & pulled pork-coleslaw & chili for sides.$10!! What a deal!John the owner/operator is quite a character-very friendly and he takes great pride in his work.The pulled pork was great, nice & smoky with a little crunch from being grilled.The HOT link was one of the best I've had at any BBQ joint. REAL Spicy.The coleslaw was ok & the chili was meat & beans -NOT red chili or verde with any tomato or peppers, but it was  a very nice change-a kind of BBQ chili-smoky with al dente beans. I'll go back & try the ribs & tri-tip next time.
4	This place is the same Red Apple Grill that was previously at Jones/Spring Mountain for 6 years and then apparently moved a few times, once to Rainbow/Cheyenne and most recently to a gas station on Sahara and Torrey Pines. It now has a new home on Charleston at Antelope (near Rainbow) and I'm glad I came across it.I was a big fan back in the Jones days and to have rediscovered this place is like meeting up with an old friend who you haven't seen for 10 years and picking right up where you left off.The new restaurant is a small place with about 6 or 8 tables and is attached to the Boodles Bar. The decor is nicely appointed and seating is comfortable. John is still serving up huge portions of Chicken and Ribs, but also has a newly expanded menu that includes Sausages, Nachos and burgers. The food is absolutely fabulous and extremely affordable. A huge meat combination plate for 2 is less than $20 and could easily feed 3 or 4. It's about the only place where they will advertise a quantity and give you extra with every plate. Terrific. Absolutely Terrific. I love this place. It's my new favorite restaurant... again.For more info about my visits, I posted a couple of entries to my blog:http://jasonsouthwell.com/post/248726591/red-apple-grillhttp://jasonsouthwell.com/post/249344335/red-apple-grill-again
4	This place has moved several times and as another reviewer pointed out, is on Charleston & Antelope (just east of Tenaya in Fiesta Square) attached to the Boodles Bar. I remember driving by their Sahara location and could see and smell the grill out front. Then they moved and it was a few years before I found out where they went. Anyway I've been on a quest to find some true barbecue in Las Vegas. This is not very easy. There are many places that bake and or boil their meat and then slather it in sauce and call it barbecue. However Red Apple is one of the few examples of actual BBQ in Vegas (low, slow & smoky). I ordered a combo platter with Baby back Ribs, a beef rib, pulled pork a 1/4 chicken and hot link. It came with two sides seasoned bread and fruit for only $16.95! Not only that the server gave me chips, sauce and ice water while I waited! To totally top it off they were extremely generous with the portions. I don't think I have ever gotten this much food for such a price anywhere! All of  the meats and sides were very good. Not incredible, but very, very good. A fantastic effort. Thank you Red Apple Grill. You help to offset the bland, homogenized and contrived culture that so many others in Las Vegas contribute to. Two Thumbs Up!!!
4	Though I haven't been here in some years, I do remember that the barbequed chicken was so yummy. I had the sandwich, and at the time, thought it was funny that sliced apples accompanied the chicken, so I took them off but ate them separately. A realtor/coworker introduced me to this restaurant many years ago when it was on Jones & Desert Inn (it's funny how many times coworkers have introduced places to me). It's relatively inexpensive. The smoke was a familiar sight every time I passed by, and the BBQ smell was such a welcome aroma (mmm).  Since then it's bounced around, short lived at a gas station, and now here, inside a bar. We tried coming here for lunch one weekend but found out that it's not open on the weekend until 4 pm (dinner). I do plan on coming here soon and will write an updated review. This is the type of place that Guy Fieri of DDD could appreciate, though it's not quite a  greasy spoon either.
4	Red Apple Grill, where are you???? You're not on Charleston and Antelope next to Boodle's anymore! We really enjoy the wonderful chicken and ribs! Please come back...somewhere...soon!!
