5	I've been to a lot of chiropractors in Vegas and Katie Hightower is definitely one of the best.  She uses a mix of soft tissue therapy, active release techniques and chiropractic techniques.  I first found her after throwing out my back.  She got me up and running.Later, I went to her for maintenance on my legs while training for a marathon.  Her treatment helped me make it through the long run.
5	Dr. Hightower is great. I wanted help to repair and rehabilitate my overused arms since my elbows were sore all the time.  I am so much better after just three appointments. She is awesome and my athletic performance is dramatically improved. The Pilates instructor is raved about by some of the other clients so I'm going to work on my alignment and injury prevention next with her.  The clinic's cash rate is excellent, so worth it. She takes insurance too but mine doesn't have a chiropractic benefit. Doesn't matter to me. My elbow problems have nagged me for over five years despite other treatments. They're better now because of Dr. Hightower.
5	Before seeking help from Dr. Hightower I haven't visited a chiropractor in about 20 years.  I've heard many tales of rehabilitation and equally of pain and frustration after visits so I've generally avoided them.  However, I got to the point where my back was bothering me enough that I figured it was worth a try.  I heard glowing recommendations from a couple of friends, but they were also friends with Dr. Hightower, so I figured they may be biased.  However, the glowing reviews were well deserved.  I had no idea what normal and balanced felt like until after my appointment.  She was thorough in having me describe my symptoms, asked about my history, and was able to diagnose the problems so that I felt immediate results.  I recommend her to any of my friends with chiropractic needs or sports related injuries.  Dr. Hightower is ridiculously athletic herself, and the practice seems to specialize in athletic injuries, so if you're an active person and are having physical problems that are keeping you from performing at your peak ability (with back, neck, legs, ankles, knees, feet, etc.), this is your stop.Their one drawback, they don't accept insurance, so you have to shell out some cash with each visit... For me the results are well worth it.
5	Katie Hightower is a neck and back saver! She is also extremely knowledgable and talented in her chiropractic practice and deep tissue therapy massage. I've been to physical therapists in 2 other states, and she is at the top of her game. I will definitely be going back with all future physical therapy needs.As an added plus, her office staff is so nice. The woman at the front helped me with directions and was a joy to interact with.
5	I can't say enough about Performance Health Center. I've had to seek chiropractic care for back and hip issues for nearly 10 years now and Trev and Katie at PHC are the best I've ever had. I started with Trev in 2006 and now that he is traveling, I have been with Katie for several years. They are accustomed to getting athletes and performers back in the game quickly and safely and they have saved me on a number of occasions. Maintaining the work Katie does by taking private pilates with Louisa is the key for me. My insurance covers my visits with Katie and a 30 minute pilates session is included. Louisa is absolutely world-class. We're lucky to have them in Las Vegas!
5	Katie is incredible. She has helped me greatly. Her adjustments along with soft tissue massage has always set me straight. I can't thank her enough and I will continue to see her on a monthly basis for maintenance. Highly recommend!
5	Katie is amazing!!! Very knowledgable and helpful. Logan does an awesome trigger point "massage" and definitely knows his stuff.
