4	I didn't even know this place existed inside the Silverton Casino until I got tickets to see a band, and this is where they were playing. It was easy to find inside the casino, next to the buffet. Doors open at 7, I was there 6:45...we had to stand in line outside til they opened the door, its August in Vegas so it was 100 degrees out there, I didn't like that. Since I didn't buy tickets there, all I get was a faded handstamp to prove I belong there. The bands didn't start til 8 so I headed back to the casino to waste some time. I carefully washed my hands as not to remove my stamp.The pavilion is small which I like when seeing a band. It reminded me of a wedding reception or party hall. Alas, they do rent the space out for parties, weddings, meetings, etc. 2 small bars at the back of the room, make great drinks at good prices (5$). Large white antler chandeleirs hang from the ceiling. The stage is a nice size, where you can get close to the band. Sound was good too. The space also has its own bathrooms, so you don't have to go back out into the casino. Small area outside to sit and get air or smoke.I would definitely go to other events at this venue.
3	Maybe this place is good for conventions/meeting space, but it's not built for concert/music venues.  I guess I'm used to raised stadium seating at concerts.  The problem at the Veil is if anyone sits in the row directly in front of you, they completely block your view of the stage.
1	Uhm...I really don't know how to start this off.The bar...is seriously not even a legit bar. Simple drinks...like rum and coke. But it's seriously coming out of the bottle/can. I just don't know how I feel about this place.
5	My had both my wedding ceremony and reception at the Veil. The staff was wonderful from the first time we booked the date. Kerri was is organized and extremely helpful. Weddings are usually stressful but with the staff at the Veil everything was simple. All the guests loved the food and bar service.The Silverton hotel front desk staff assisted all the guests with booking rooms without any issues. I highly recommend this venue!
4	Great Venue. We love the size, not a bad seat in the house. This was our second time there and we will be back for more.
5	Located in the Silverton Lodge and Casino. This s a very groovy venue, it is mainly for concerts but I was there for a networking event. The staff is great. if you have a chance to check this place out, I say go for it, and while you are there check out the rest of the Silverton as well. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	My husband and I just recently got married at the Veil. We had our ceremony as well as our reception here. After searching for the perfect venue we both fell in love with the room. Our ceremony was located outside of the Veil and the reception held inside. Danielle was very helpful she kept me posted and paid attention to detail. We had the buffet instead of having a plated menu since we wanted to give our guest the options. Everyone loved the food, I only got a few bites since you know us brides don't like to eat much on the big day. The staff was all so wonderful, they made sure the table was cleared so our guest can get seconds and so on.
