4	Jimmy John's does amazing sandwiches. Truly delicious on bread that is freshly baked. This location is no different.In the middle of the peak lunch rush, there were six or so register workers and sandwich makers in the kitchen area, so my "number two" didn't take very long at all. The guy managed to upsell me to adding cheese to the sandwich and making it into a combo. This was brilliant on his part and not so much on mine. It turned a $4.75 sub sandwich into a $9.01 meal - nearly doubling the price. Be wary!It's the only food shop in this shopping plaza, but there are several other businesses in here that make the small parking lot into a very busy one. You can only get in and out from Sharon Road, so if you're on Fairview you'll want to go past, make the right before Phillips Place, and drive around to get onto Sharon, rather than try making a U-turn.This is a take-away location only. There are no seats inside or outside. Which makes your buck and a half 20 ounce Diet Coke very expensive.If I return, it will only be to get a great sandwich. I'll skip the "combo" that adds three bucks for a bag of chips and a fountain soda.
4	I like this place.It seems that the $10 lunch is now an everyday thing.  JJs is no exception to this, although you get more for your money here.Having tried a dozen other sandwich places, I can say that Jimmy Johns has the best bread I have ever tried.  Also, their roast beef is extremely good.  I like that they keep it simple:  meat, bread, mayo, lettuce, and tomato.  That's it.  Subway charges you slightly less for a sub on awful bread with 2 oz. of meat and a pound of veggies.  Plus, JJs has their own brand of chips, in various flavors.  They're very good.My only beef (no pun intended) is with the setup of this place:  carry-out only, DIY on everything - get your own bag, napkins, chips, drink, etc., and they need to pay more attention to the customers' side of the counter.  They frequently run out of straws, napkins, iced tea, and other items, as no one crosses the imaginary line beyond the sandwich-making counter.If I am ever in the mood for a sandwich, Jimmy Johns is my go-to place.
4	Plain and simple, Jimmy John's really does make a mean sandwich and I appreciate their little quips in and around their stores. The brand has an irreverence that not many other brands embrace, or at least embrace well. This location is probably my favorite in town. There aren't any tables or seating, except a very small bar where you can stand to eat. Wolfing down a sammy and then getting on with your day is just so American, right? These guys do a great job. Every time my wife and I have visited, our order has been taken, prepared and handed to us within 3 minutes. Great for grabbing a really quick bite on the go, or to take home. Also, I have to sing praises of the unwich. Believe me, I love bread so much. It's the staple of the culinary world, in my opinion, but the unwich makes for something extra special. Just a tons of iceberg lettuce wrapped around whichever delectable combination you like. Perfection. So light, crunchy and easy. Thanks, Jimmy John's!
5	I love Jimmy John's! It is a simple sub shop going back to the basics! Fresh delicious bread, cold cuts, 1 cheese (provolone), and the basic toppings. None of these crazy flavors. No toasted sandwiches. 100% old school and I love it!I lived in the University area for a while so I am use to the Jimmy John's being open until 2am but I just found out it is just that location that stays open the late. This particular location has no inside seating to be prepared to get back in your car. The good thing is that they do deliver. And it's just like the commercial says "Freaky fast, Freaky good"!
2	After arriving I realized this location was to go only, and very tiny. After reviewing the board, I attempted to try  to find the end of the line. However, after asking the other customers if they had ordered, I realized there was no line, they were just all waiting, but you couldn't tell b/c there was no sort of organization.Being a "club sandwich" lover, b/c of the bacon addition I went with the #11, the Giant Club "ToGo".The service was very sale and the employees definitely didn't seem happy to be at work.So, after arriving to my destination to enjoy my sandwich, I had a feeling of disappointment. First, the bread was so stale, I ended up throwing most of it out b/c is was too hard to eat. Second, and more disappointing, I didn't receive the club I ordered.  I basically received a lettuce, mayo, cheese, and a slice of ham sandwich,  no turkey & NO bacon :-(. Overall, very disappointing experience. As Jeff said, I'll stick with Jersey Mike's!
4	If you want a solid, good flavored sandwich and you're short on time, Jimmy John's is the place to go. Cold cuts, cheese, fresh bread. There really aren't any gimmicks here, just fast, delicious, simple sandwiches. Great service too. I usually order the Big John or the Italian Night Club. This location is especially fast because there aren't any tables. You can lean against a counter and eat, but you'll have to stand. I hear that Jimmy Johns is slowly creeping up in the north. I'm glad to have one so close to me when I can't decide what to eat. Their sandwiches are just fine for me!Btw, not too pricey. Friendly staff. Solid all around.
4	DELIVERY!Whoa.. that is freaky fast delivery!  I just moved back to Charlotte in Piedmont Row - and I was busy unpacking boxes. I didn't have any food in the house yet - and didn't want to leave or order a pizza...  I used their iphone app to place an order and they were here in less than 20 minutes with the sandwich and chips just the way I customized it. I love when things are simple and easy. (Well.. not when it comes to people... but food delivery... yes)Always good to know that I don't have to leave my house or even make my own sandwiches if I don't want to.. thanks Jimmy John.. whoever you are...Try the Beach Club, but add hot peppers and extra cucumbers!Get a kosher dill and some thinny chips..
1	I go here often. NEVER has my order been right. I ask for sprouts, no sprouts. Add onions, no onions. Tonight, the guy talked me into adding bacon to my sub. He went on & on about how great it was. Told me it would cost more, I said fine. I paid for bacon. Get home...no bacon. Wish we could see through the case & them making the subs. Would probably correct more than half the mistakes. Learning my lesson, taking business to Firehouse Subs.
1	2 out of 3 times i have called in an order to be picked up, the sand which was not only ready after 15minutes but not even entered into their system. Getting old
1	Once again. Order delivered wrong. Who's the fool now. Ok...I'll quit ordering from there. smh
