5	Restaurant has a great feel and look. Outside patio is massive with lots of seats and things to do. Staff was very attentive, but not hovering. We had an assortment of apps, entrees, and dessert. Food was top notch and watching the chefs prepare it in the show kitchen was really cool. This  would be a great place for happy hour or a night out with friends. I heard somebody talk about them having live music, but not sure of the bands or schedule. The crowd was pretty mixed with respect to age and demographic, but everyone was having a good time.
5	I had the opportunity to enjoy many of their menu items today at lunch.  I would HIGHLY recommend their Chicken Curry dish.  Very flavorful!!!
4	I'd like to start by thanking "Local First Arizona" and "Culinary Dropout" for throwing a great (and free) grand opening party! For our appetizer we chose the Burrata which is a mixture of mozzarella and cream. It had a very mild flavor and a texture similar to ricotta, but slightly creamier. It was served with a grilled bread, diced pears, and chopped walnuts then drizzled with a bacon syrup.  I was not overwhelmed with this dish, and would have preferred a healthier serving a pears and more sauce to add additional sweetness. The entrees for the evening were the pork ribs and trout. The meat on the ribs was plentiful and tender and sure to satisfy the greatest of carnivores. Although, the standout of the dish was the barbecue sauce. It was deliciously spicy and sweet, finger-lickin' good. Barely worth mentioning were the lackluster fries and coleslaw. Both were just passable and definitely expected more considering the price of the dishes.I have mixed feelings about the trout. It looked rather lonely on the plate, with a dense line of green beans and almonds accompanying it. It was slightly overcooked, with one side being nearly perfect and tender, while the other was slightly crispy and just a bit dry. This being said it was still quite edible and the buttery sauce accented the filet nicely.We finished the meal with the cinnamon apple brioche and vanilla gelato. The brioche was served in a cool mini cast iron pan. It seemed to be immersed in cinnamon and sugar, and just far too sweet. The gelato was just okay and was one small sad scoop. Not too much flavor or sweetness here, and that may be a good thing. The brioche was definitely begging for a bit of mellow. Lastly, we enjoyed a couple cocktails as well. I had the El Matador and the Smashed Irishman. While I almost exclusively drink beer, these drinks were excellent and I would happily order them again. Both seemed to have nearly the perfect balance of sweetness, bitterness, and alcohol. My favorite of the two would have to be the El Matador as I am partial to tequila. If the meal were not comped our bill would have been exactly $100 (excluding tax and tip.)Almost forgot to mention the venue, which may be the most appealing factor of all. It has a massive covered patio with modern decor, trees dispersed throughout, very nice heaters, and an assortment of games which included ping pong, cornhole, foosball, and shuffleboard. I could definitely see myself going back, brown baggin' it (the beer special) and playing some drunken games. Get it!
4	Friday night, four of us went to the pre-opening event at Culinary Dropout benefiting Local First Arizona. The place has a wonderful upscale, casual feel were you would be as comfortable in a business suit or shorts and flip flips.Prices were what I expect from the Fox Restaurant Concepts. The most expensive entree on the menu was the Korean Style Ribeye Cap. I had the Shaved Prime Rib Dip. It was a solid, tasty sandwich, but I felt it was a bit pricey at $17.Their posted happy hours are Monday to Friday 3pm to 6pm. Several of their sandwiches and appetizers are $3 or $4 their regular prices. Mug beers are $3 and well drinks are $4. I will be back, likely riding my bike over with friends for a few $1.95 brown bag mystery beers and a few games out in "The Yard"
3	My friend and I attended the pre grand opening and were greeted by a friendly staff.  Our waitress was fantastic (Jesssica).  We had the salmon appetizer with sliced tomatoes, onions, egg, and crispy crunchy bread.  I had the rainbow trout which was topped with fresh green beans and was quite tasty.  I think the menu price is high since there is no soup or salad or potatoes included.  My friend had the barbequed ribs served with fries and slaw.  The slaw left a lot to be desired as it was dry and I prefer my slaw creamy and no vinegar in the sauce.  The ribs were just OK as the sauce was not up to my taste standards nor my friends.  I thought a little spicy whereas I prefer mine to be sweet.  Tried the tomato soup but did not like whatever spices they used. For dessert we shared a chocolate tart which was great.  Since my friends does not drink and I do not drink alcohol I had one of my favorite beers (Kiltlifter).  They do have Moose Drool but were not serving it that afternoon.I may try this place sometime for lunch as prices may be more afordable then.My favoites tastes were the crispy bread, trout, and the tart.
4	I am officially a Dropout. This  Fox Restaurant is HUMONGOUS! The transformation of the old motorcycle shop was perfectly executed (see pics). The Dropout bar is big and gorgeous, the inside gives you full view of the kitchen and the awesome preps working behind the counter. I had the mussels with garlic, wine, sundried tomatoes and sausage. It came with grilled toast that I used as a sponge to soak up the delicious sauce. Roberto my splendid server/bartender told me they came from Washington and they are grown in under a year which accounts for the thick succulent meat and paper thin shell. My only critique is that they should serve them in a bowl instead of a platter so the mussels can soak in the broth and  not get cold.  The Yard is equally awesome. They have pig in a hole, ping pong, bocce ball and  shuffle board. I can see myself spending many an afternoon here with mimosas in hand. Apparently it will also function as a live music venue and with the space and set up I can imagine it rockin.They haven't started happy hour yet which was a bit disappointing. 4 drinks and a shared app came in at about $60 bucks which was a bit pricey. I love blowing all my funds on food and booze though so I'm sure I'll be back this weekend.
2	I'm not planning to come back, but wouldn't say no if someone else wanted to go.I've visited twice now with mixed experiences. I thought the food was as expected from a Fox restaurant. Not exactly to die for, but definitely better than a Chili's. My aversion to loving this spot is the menu prices and the extreme wait during a lunch "hour", and I use the term hour loosely there.Had I not been out to lunch with my boss already, I would have likely had a stern "talking to" when I got back to the office two hours later. We had six people at our table and took about five or so minutes to peruse the menu. The staff was quick to deliver our drinks, but four salads, a burger, a meatloaf and 50 minutes later meant my lunch hour turned into a lunch two hour. I didn't exactly expect a ten minute turn around on our food; but really, almost an hour to deliver these dishes is seriously extreme. Even though my boss was with me, by the end of our lunch I was itching to get back to the office as to not waste any more time.The burger I ordered was on the menu at $12, not exactly cheap to begin with. The waitress asked if I would like fries or a salad with it, but I asked if there was a vegetable I could have instead and she was happy to bring it out with asparagus. Regrettably, she failed to mention an added charge to make that swap from spuds to veg. My $12 burger, now $18 after fees, tax, and tip, is why I usually skip lunches during the week and bring in my own from home. :-(I did; however, like the food itself, the company, the location, and the waitress was nice enough as well as apologetic about the long wait. I like the LARGE outdoor patio complete with shuffle board, corn hole, ping pong, and foosball. Seems like it could be a fun place to come for drinks in the evening hours with a couple of work buddies.On my previous visit, I had the meatloaf, the meatloaf itself was good - and I did really enjoy the green beans, but not awesome and not really worth the price IMO, especially when adorn with what can only be described as fancy ketchup, really, ketchup on a $16 meatloaf (after tax-tip). Honestly, I feel the food on the menu is priced about 20% too high for most of the items. I wouldn't mind returning for happy hour, but outside of that, I'll likely just stick to "grabbing a drink" or two with friends if I'm ever back.
4	Took the family out to this one- of- a- kind watering hole and restaurant as part of Valentine's Day treat. Aside from the rustic outside look, the ambiance was less formal but very welcoming and had an open and airy feel to it than the Scottsdale location. Although it's in keeeping with the area that's not upscale i.e. 'Snotts'dale.Everyone seemed to enjoy it and the place was understandably busy. The play area outside with the four ping pong tables, bean bag toss, fooseball and shuffleboard has to be a nice touch. At the time we were one of the few to indulge in the activities but more and more patrons began to venture out and try it.Since I was the one springing for this one however, I noted it was a bit pricey but not over the top. I say that considering the location they could have kept it down a smidge. Seems to me Sam hit the nail on the ear and skimmed the head.I wouldn't say it's out of reach however and would be an easy fix if they addressed a couple of things. They need, with all the help they have, one person assigned to the Patio area for the activities, with nothing other than to help patrons take part in this unique, fun aspect to a nice place. We are a sporstsminded group and took our own ping pong paddles and batted it around before and after the meal for a bit.The other thing is to direct people to try some activity and liven it up with something other than just sit around and chat. Great place for a date, groups(business/private) and sports minded people who are not just foodies but more multi dimensional. I suspect that Sam Fox has a very nice concept here and am inclined to do it again. It may be a good idea if the bartender 'Brittney' or someone as nice as her could periodically announce and promote the outside dining/activity and organize friendly competition that most people are kinda shy about on their own. Draw em out YKWIM!Something like " Hey for the more adventurous among our guests here, look out at the patio area and see if it appeals to ya. The activity person out there will hook you up......enjoy and please be sure to let us know how you liked it. Thank you again!
4	Delicious food, fun atmosphere, wonderful waitstaff. The valet parking is complimentary. There is even a large bike rack for all you cruisers out there in PHX. Love the games and live music. Only complaint is TURN DOWN THE MUSIC. I like to talk to the people I am out to eat with, and the music was ear splitting at times. I hope you can hear me over the music Fox Restaurants. My family will return soon to see if you got my message.
5	Sooooooo(oooooo...) delicious!I came with a pal and his 3-year old daughter. Clearly, this isn't a super child-friendly place, but everyone - our waitress, the other waiters and waitresses, the hostesses, and the kitchen staff - did everything within their power to accommodate the wee one...including making a chocolate milk from scratch.  Ridiculous, and it got applause from the kiddo!Being at the pre-opening, we had the opportunity to try a lot of different things...like a gross amount of food.  I'm not exactly proud of how much I ate.We started with the crusty bread and oil, prosciutto (a HUGE pile), another pork meat I can't recall, manchego and prairie breeze cheeses.  While eating them, I wondered why our server didn't tell us which meat was which...and then we noticed they are actually written on the plate paper liner.  Duh....I had the "healthy" salmon entree, which was cooked to perfection and the farro, cooked apple and fennel side flavorful enough that I wouldn't immediate think it was super healthy.   My buddy wanted the Korean Ribeye Cap but it was not available (noted on the menu that it has extremely limited availability), so he got the pork ribs instead.  It was a TON of food again, with a side of cole slaw that I ate.  For kids, we were given the option of grilled cheese sliders, burger sliders, mac n cheese, and chicken tenders, so slightly more options than I'd expect for a not-so-kid-friendly type of place.My pal had the Bacon Bloody Mary and guzzled 2 of those.  I had only 1 cocktail - the Maria Pepino, which is basically a bloody mary with tequila instead of vodka, and garnished with a pickled pepper.  It was the perfect blend of savory tomato, spice, and acid.The only "misses" for me was the iced tea (no one has plain iced tea anymore...no biggie, but please freaking tell me it's some nasty sweet shit) and the monkey bread, which was overly sweet and had a ton of apples that we picked around.Our bill was an astronomical $110+ for lunch...which included 3 cocktails, a few appetizers, 3 entrees, and a dessert.  Would I be back for the whole she-bang?  Hell no...unless it's another gratis meal.  But will I be back for the sweet patio and a great cocktail and apps?  Most definitely!FYI, the large patio space is deceiving...it is actually shared with the coffee shop and oyster bar (not yet open as far as I know), so I cannot imagine there will ever be a time without a large wait for group patio seating.Lots of parking in the back.  Clean restrooms, but odd how they're set up... They are outside of the main restaurant portion, with separate doors for Men and Women.  But both doors take you to the communal sinks.  Why not just have one door to the restrooms?  Our meal benefited Make A Wish Arizona - the founding Make A Wish chapter, if you didn't know!
2	I've always had a love/hate relationship with the old culinary dropout on camelback. Totally a style over substance place from the wait staff to the food, unfortunately this location is no different. The boyfriend and I decided to see what all the hype was about with the opening of the Yard and grabbed dinner last Saturday night. The place was PACKED and the space is huge so you can imagine that it was a massive amount of people. However, it looked like most people were on the patio/outback either socializing or playing corn hole; the actual restaurant space itself didn't seem crazy packed. We gave our name to the hostess, who informed us it would be a 45 minute wait and took my phone number to text us when our table was ready. So fancy.  I must say the actual yard complex is a very cool spot, will def need to come back in some casual clothes to just hang out. although, with a few more dining spots slated to open soon I wonder how long before the courtyard turns into a cluster of people waiting for their tables mixed in with people just drinking and taking up space.We tried our best to grab a spot at very full bar and got lucky to catch a spot that had just opened up. I got the after school special (my fav from arrogant butcher) and the boyfriend got an old fashioned. Props to the bartender for making some good cocktails. We were called to our table in way less than 45 minutes and the hostess led us to a four top which was missing two of the chairs. I found this extremely unprofessional and messy looking and asked the hostess if we could sit at an adjacent table and was told that it was reserved. Whatever, I wasn't going to make a big deal out of it but no one ended up sitting there for the entire time we had dinner. I ordered the bistro steak and the boyfriend ordered the shrimp salad and we also started with the pretzels and fondue. Our waiter seemed super out of it/overwhelmed when he was taking our order and it was definitely a foreshadowing of things to come. My steak and French fries both came out cold and dry, which I found very strange since the other item on our order was a salad which shouldn't have required any wait time for prep. Some rando dropped off our food so I had to wait about five minutes to track down our waiter to tell him my food was cold and I needed more drank! He was rather nice about everything and someone I am assuming is his manager later came by and told me they were getting me a new steak. We had to wait awhile for the new steak and the waiter guy never brought me my next cocktail so I sat there with a dry throat picking at the boyfriend's salad. My steak arrived before my drink, clearly because the waiter had forgotten to put the order in and was only visiting our table every 45 minutes. When he finally showed back-up, the boyfriend let him know I still didn't have my drink. Eventually he brought me a new drink, but without a straw... such a tease. I get that the restaurant is new and they are still working out the kinks but with another location and a vast amount of wait staff to source from other restaurants, I would expect that Sam Fox would assemble a more professional experienced team to open this new restaurant. Our waiter looked like it was his first day every serving. Our bill eventually came and I was surprised that no one thought to compensate us for the disruption caused by the poor kitchen execution,,, a free round or dessert or something to wash the bad taste out. Honestly, I'll probably return to Culinary Dropout just for the atmosphere but I will definitely be sticking to drink and apps for awhile until I forget how bad their service sucks again.
5	I love Culinary Dropout! I've been to both AZ locations and both are good!The service is always phenomonal and I love the food!  Pretzels and Fondue are definitely a must have.  The meat and cheese's are also good! I've had a few things there and all of them were delicious!  I can't wait to try more!
4	First off, this is a very cool place.  They have huge, covered outside area with ping-pong tables, gas fire pits, sofas and, of course, heaters.  The managers did a great job hiring and training the staff.  Everybody is so friendly. Even staff who are not serving you will make eye contact and smile.  That is pretty rare.  I think they actually are having fun working there!  They make it such a fun place you can go there by yourself and have a good time.   Despite being a new place they really know   their menu and give great suggestions.  I  didn't listen to the bartender's advice about a beer and she was right, I didn't care for it.  Another bartender noticed I wasn't drinking it so he replaced it with their excellent Prohibition lager.  The trout is excellent.  So were the mussels.  The seared tuna salad is pretty good.  Our server said they are known for their fried chicken so the next time I ate there that's what I had.  I was impressed with how much chicken you get.  Huge pieces! Funny thing thought was they only gave you 2 tablespoons of slaw and a quarter cup of mashed potatoes.  Better than skimping on the entree!  The taters were tasty but a little on the runny side.  The biscuit was not that light and fluffy but did taste pretty good.  Interesting that the chicken has honey on it but none for the biscuit.  I probably could have asked for it though.  Only one complaint, which I mentioned in a tip.  I do not like valet parking and that's all they have. The parking lot is right behind the place!  Why would someone want to valet and then have to wait 3 times longer to get your car that just to walk a few feet over to it!  I must not be alone here because I used to park in a little shopping area next door, but they recently put up a sign, "No restaurant parking"  so I had to park a couple of blocks away in the residential streets behind the restaurant, which was also pretty crowed.  I wouldn't be surprised to soon see a sign not to park there either.  Come on guys, this is not the type of restaurant that should have valet!  You have a very nice, down to earth, friendly place, not some snobby place!
4	I survived through a 9-month hellish short sale process just to live closer to the numerous eateries that engulf this area.  So, "Hello, Culinary Dropout, we are both new to the neighborhood."  To be honest, I wasn't expecting a lot from the new Culinary Dropout because the original one on Camelback did not impress me that much.  (There is a certain smell to it that just does not work for my senses. Sorry!)  BUT, the new one is BEAUTIFULLY renovated with a fun atmosphere and is quite aesthetically pleasing in every way.  From the game area outside to the warmly lit dining area inside, the new Culinary Dropout mixes Olive 'n Ivy's charm with the Vig's outdoor concept.  The Yard will soon become the "go-to" place for those who need a break from the reality that is happening outside the fence.  The only reason why I am giving it 4 stars instead of a solid 5 stars is because it does not deserve it yet.  I have been to the Culinary Dropout for the last two days just to give a quick and fair assessment, and the timing of the food is not all there.  I understand that your name implies you dropped out of culinary school, and it is my fault for going to eat at your place despite this issue.  However, you cannot serve me cold food.   The first day, I ordered three items from the appetizer section, the fried chicken platter, and the meatloaf dish.  The entrees and the appetizers came out about two minutes from each other.  The mashed potatoes and the biscuit were cold while the fried chicken was hot - indicating that the side dishes were just sitting there waiting until the chicken was deep fried.  The second day, I sat at the bar to get the feel of that area, and the appetizers took FOREVER to come out.  How long does it take to warm up some pretzels and melt cheese in a bowl?  Apparently, it takes about 45 minutes to an hour.  The bartender (who was awesome) felt bad, so he entertained me for the time being.Overall, the food is a solid OKAY.  Food was never Fox Concepts' best trait in comparison to the better restaurants in the area, but I know that the company focuses on creating delightful hangout spot for its patrons.  I will definitely visit again soon to see how they progress through the upcoming months.
2	Definitely has a beautiful atmosphere. I can't comment on the food because I just stopped in for a few drinks at the bar with some friends. So it was my first time there, had a wells rum & diet coke...the coke ended up being flat. Sadly, the bartender replaced it with another, still was flat, but didn't taste as strong as the first one. I then asked for a beer for "cheap sake" and the bartender ended up giving me the largest one? I guess that's automatic when you don't specify. Anywho, I ended up spending about 18 dollars on 2 drinks, which is a little excessive for my liking. I will come back to try the food, but I will not be drinking there ;)
4	I really dig this place. But honestly, I just love the atmosphere. It's a perfect spot to go to on a nice day in Phoenix. It's admittedly VERY crowded during lunch and brunch (on weekends), but so far I've never had to wait more than 20 minutes. So, no complaints there. I do think it's overpriced for both drinks and food. $10 for most cocktails and $15 for a salad? Kinda steep, but it's a Fox Restaurant so not shocking. The food is above average like all his other restaurants, but nothing to write home about. The staff was very friendly, attention and tattooed! Holla! But like I said, it's the actual structure of this place that I really enjoy. Lovely natural light shining into the building, kick back with my $10 beverage and watch people play cornhole. Yeah, I'm good with that.
4	Bacon bloody Mary nuf said
3	I have now been here 2 times for lunch and although I had an overall decent  exprerience, they have a lot to improve on. First of all, we got there about 11:45 (party of 3) and had to wait 15 minutes, the place was not even very full. They 1st said all the 4-tops which surround the bar  (in & out)....about 10 ( which were empty) were reserved. Then after I went back to ask if we could sit there they said they were short staffed! We ended up sitting inside & not one of the 5-4 tops (inside) was ever used?? Don't get this! They definitely need to up their staff! Next thing is that while one person ordered the meatloaf which was a decent portion, another ordered the buttersquash ravioli which had about 8 small ravioli. I don't need extra large portions but felt it was quite lacking for the price (also feel the food is a bit overpriced for lunch). We ordered bread & olive oil which is $2.00, feel this should be complimentary (think the delicious bread & pesto at Olive & Ivy)...it was very good but this is flat out chintzy!  Service was just ok, the server would come then be gone for a long time. A little too loud as well, with concrete floors I had trouble hearing the person across from me.This place has a ton of potential, cool vibe, lots of space....hopefully they get it together & provide better service!
4	Great place, great food and great service. Class act, just what Central Phoenix needed.
2	Decent food, however over priced for what you got.  I had the sliced prime rib sandwich $17. Way too pricey and I have had better a half the price else where.  I would recommend not having a live band on a Sunday lunch afternoon in the dining room.  Not only were they bad, it was way too loud.  Couldnt hear yourself speak.   If you have to have the live band at that time of the day, maybe on the outside patio would be better.  I did like the layout of the bar, will probably come back to sit at the bar for cocktails and appetizers.
5	This place made me as happy as that old lady in the Scooter Store commercials. You know the one, who started spinning around in circles when her wheelchair is replaced with the scooter? Yeah, that happy!A small group of us went here for brunch/lunch on Saturday. Having been to the Scottsdale location before, I had an idea of what was on the menu. However, what puts this Culinary Dropout stand out is an awesome patio. We started with the crusty bread and olive oil (with a balsamic vinegar syrup) and the 12-hour roasted tomatoes. Both we excellent, and super inexpensive. We also had their bacon bloody mary (of course) which was divine (of course). My meal was the biscuits and gravy with two sunny-side-up eggs and home fries. The gravy was so good, I could have sucked it up through a straw. So good! We all agreed this would be a perfect spot for a first date. If any of us were actually going out on dates.We're planning on riding our bikes back here soon. As an added bonus, an oyster bar is slated to open in the complex within the next month. We peaked in the windows, and it looks like another great spot for a first date (with the added benefit of eating oysters, so I might have a chance to get some!!)
5	What an awesome concept! They have tons of yard game and a fun bar scene. It used to be a motorcycle dealership and they should win an award for best redesign and reuse of a building in Phoenix. It's totally a great place to meet with friends and just drink and hang out. The food is alright, but more diversified than the Scottsdale location. My only gripe is you cannot go on the weekend nights without a reservation (have to call a week ahead and have a large party) but that's what happens when you open a successful new place. Also, ask for Austen, great server!!!
4	I was at their opening weekend event with Local First Arizona.  First off...I need the soft pretzel & Provolone Fondue in my life every single day since!  They were so soft and the provolone fondue was creamy and serious perfection! My friend and I accidentally filled up on these and hardly ate any of our entree.  Whoops...but we didn't care, it was sooooo worth it!And as for the Bacon Bloody Mary I had...well, THAT was something to remember!  I will be coming back just fo the pretzels and the bloody mary.  I'll probably be judged by everyone sitting around me as I scarf the pretzels and wash it down with the BM.  But who cares?!That being said, I didn't love my entree as much.  I got the shaved prime rib dip.  While the prime rib was cooked and shaved just right, it wasn't something that jumped out at my tastebuds.  My friend had the Italian Grinder and didn't' feel partial to it either.  Neither one of our sandwiches were gross, but they just weren't what we were hoping for.  Loved the bathrooms here!  They are communal and tripped me out for a slit second.  But it was even funnier to watch a man come in as I was getting ready to walk out.  He turned around faster than he could zip his fly up.  He was so embarrassed and thought he had walked in to the women's side.  Hee hee.  I love the atmosphere Culinary Dropout has put together here.  It has this awesome yard vibe but with a modern and stylish fun.  Not sure I'd go here again for an entree.  But I'd love to come back for the pretzels, BM, and to sit outside and take more of the restaurant in.
4	Mecca filled with hotties. I had no idea Phoenix had so much to offer. Why haven't I been here before? Good Lord.I walked in and thought," I have reached the holy land. This is it." Not only were there good looking men everywhere - and I mean EVERYWHERE - they were clearly hunting. I really have no other way to put it. If you want to meet men, go here. I mean, if you want to meet well dressed, well groomed, hot looking men, go here.Culinary Dropout has managed to create an environment where drinking is not the end game. Yes, I did get drunk here. (After I met a lovely guy. But that's an entirely different story.) But there is stuff to do! Lawn games! (Granted, the ping pong tables were dominated by the 8 year old and under crowd, but, still.) There is ample seating (couches require reservations). However, bar stools fill up super fast. However, with so much real estate you don't feel like you're on top of someone if you don't have your own table. I can't wait to go back.(4 stars only, as the food was 'feh'. I shared the tuna salad and had to go on a hunting expedition to try and find very much. The pretzel balls were yummy.)
4	I was so excited to see the construction of the Culinary Dropout at The Yard! Many a Sunday, I have made the long trek to the Culinary in Scottsdale and now I have my very own right up the street! The service here is always great and I love to watch the food preparation with the open layout providing a great kitchen view. Since I am not a meat eater, I tend to order the sweet corn cannelloni for dinner or the tuna sliders for lunch. However, regardless of the time of day, I am always able to eat my fair share of the pretzels and fondue....If it was socially acceptable I would drink this provolone cheese sauce. If it is time to get your happy hour on, try the Singapore sling and drink it on the open concept patio. They make the best I have ever had. The patio is huge and has enough games to keep you occupied while sipping on one of their many fabulous concoctions.
4	For decor alone, Culinary Dropout gets 5 stars. Lots of natural elements with sparkly chandeliers and a huge patio space with all of the aforementioned games. I really love that they paid homage to the auto-body or motorcycle shop that it was formerly on the sign out on the street. The open concept is fabulous.Me and a girlfriend of mine came here for lunch last week and got there early as I've heard from friends who work there and other people who have visited that there can be quite a wait both at lunch and at dinner which I totally understand as it's a new spot in a great location. I'm glad we did as there was little to no people there so we were able to get a seat quickly. We started out with the pretzel and provolone fondue...YUMMY! I totally indulged my inner fatty but we split it so I didn't feel quite as guilty.  I ordered one of my favorite drinks to try at different places just to see how each place mixes it up (literally), the Moscow Mule. It was pretty good...not the best I've had but it was good. After pigging out on pretzels, we both ordered the Spring Salad which we were told had just been added to the menu and that was the first time they were being debuted; It consisted mainly of asparagus, beets, green beans, greens and a vinaigrette. The salad was tasty and light..perfect for the warm weather. While we should have stopped there, we decided to get the salted caramel corn that came in a glass with caramel pudding I believe on the bottom layer. So good! My sweet tooth was satisfied.I will say, it's a pretty pricey lunch at $75 but I'm definitely gonna come back on a Sunday Funday biking kind of day to check out the bar and the patio.
3	First visit and my opinion is alright ( the decor makes it better than it is). A little pricey for what you get. The fish & chips looked really good but they gave you very little chips. C'mon be a little more generous! also our server didn't know how to explain the lager beer my husband asked about. That's horrible! I had the shrimp Caesar which I have had at the Scottsdale location. Not bad, but it's not a I wanna run back & eat that again dish. I am open to trying some of their dinner entrees but lunch could get pricey.
5	This place is sooooo yummy!! The pretzel and cheese for an app is amazing!!! The pretzel pastrami sandwich is to die for! Follow it up with the salted carmel dessert and you are good to go! Ask for Hayden! She is the best and cutest server there by far!!! You will not be dissapointed in this pick!
3	Granted, I have only visited this locale once, but it was enough that I felt compelled to offer my opinion. I went with my new boss as a lunch outing to talk and get to know each other. The ambience was super cool. Wonderfully comfortable seating and they had a whole area dedicated to games like ping pong and bean bag toss. I want to go back just to enjoy some of that! They get kudos for the whole setup.I decided to get the (what I considered expensive) roast beef au jus. Let me say, I do not know WTF they were thinking. First off, not enough meat, then they decided to butter the bread inside (wait for it...) and then put mayo along with onions and the beef. YACK, it was so greasy. I compare eating that to eating the nasty mayo-ey ultimate cheeseburger from Jack in the box. You end up not wanting to eat everything because the greasy mayo-ey mess is nauseating. To top it off, not enough fries either and to be honest I wish they offered a healthier side option because that was too much fattiness. I will go back and give them another try, but that sandwich alone put me off. I think I want to just go drink and play ping pong...sorry CD.
2	Place was cool but the food was nothing spectacular.  We had a large party and they handled that perfectly but everyone said their food was okay.  Based on the prices I would have liked a little more food and a little more flavor.
4	If you can find parking this is a great place to have lunch on a nice day.  The indoor/outdoor layout is very nice and open.  I sat at the bar and recived great service.My Ialian grinder was very good and the side salad was excellent.
4	I would definitely recommend. The restaurant has not atmosphere and is cool and trendy. I had the burger with havarti cheese and bacon - Delish! The burger was moist and juicy and the bread it came on was so fresh and tasty. I also had the grilled asparagus, but did not really like it served cold, so next time may ask that they heat it up. All in all, it is a must try.
5	Awesome. Wife and kids; kids played table tennis in the yard and we relaxed and enjoyed the great beer selection. Food and service excellent. Cannot wait to returns sans kids and have some fun with friends..... Highly recommend.
2	I had the grilled cheese sliders and to be honest they tasted just like the ones I make at home for a fraction of the price. It was over priced, My dinner companions thought the same thing. The apps were not a  hit. The fried chicken was good but my friend did not like like the cole slaw. My daughter liked the pretzel fondue but it came cold and the waitress didnt light the candle until after it came to the table so it never warmed up. It was all just very ordinary. The atmosphere was great. Parking is horrible and you have to use the valet service. Waitstaff was efficient. All in all we decided that we would not go back because there was nothing special about the food for the prices that we paid.  You may love it but we didnt. Cool name though, right ?
2	Disappointed in service a s expectations.  However chicks. Was excellent!!!!  And I hate eating meat odd a bone
5	Awwee... Now you are talking!! This place is down the street where I live with the same atmosphere and ambiance than the one in Scottsdale and I do not have to drive all the way to snooty Scottsdale to see all that!! Yayyy!! =) Full bar!! =) The menus is not too bad, but nothing that you can say OMG! but I have to say the Beef Stroganoff is really good ( considering I rarely eat read meats). Do not waste your money on the fried chicken or the pretzel/cheese fondue... (overpriced and for the ones that now how to cook, me, we can make this way better). Live music on Fridays and Saturdays!! =) Oh! and it is the ONLY place in Arizona where I can find Pisco Sours! If you are South Americans, you know what I am talking about. Lovely place!! perfect for a date or for girls night out!! =)
3	Stopped in here during a business trip based on a recommendation from a local. The ambiance is neat. I really enjoyed that you can see the kitchen because of its open design. The menu had some interesting items on it. I ordered the Korean Style Shortrib Cap. The flavor in the initial bite was quite delicious. It didn't last throughout the entire plate, however. The portion size was OK for a later evening meal. However, if I were eating Dinner at a normal time of night, I would probably have been hungry a few hours later. (I think I needed just a little more balance with carbs). Our waiter was quite nice at the initial of the dinner, however he forgot items for the rest of my party. Then he brought items that we didn't order. He seemed distracted, and I never really saw him after he asked how our first taste was. Overall... mediocre and not really bad, but not worth the hype. And the parking was annoying. I almost got run over while walking to the door... which is in the rear of the building (in a weird back alley) - weird experience.
5	Fiance and I wanted to take her aunt somewhere to celebrate her birthday...Beautiful day as always here in AZ so we wanted some outdoor dining...Found this place on YELP and WOW!! This place is so modern yet so relaxing, with a fun enviorment. Very well put together, nice full bar, area to play ping pong, and bags!? Cant say how much we loved it. Had a Belgium beer on tap. Great beer...Food was excellent, i had the Italian Sandwhich...very good, fiance had the beer battered fish. Very good as well, and her aunt had a burger which looked very BIG and good as well. Servers were very pretty and dressed very "hipsterish" according to my fiance...i just thought they looked very well dressed and beautiful girls...No dress code...I will be back soon...i do want to visit the Scottsdale one and see the difference in the people. Oh and i almost forgot...They have complementary valet VIP parking..just pull up and slide the kid a few singles on the way out.
2	I had a relative in town a couple of weekends ago so decided to meet up with some other friends and family at the Culinary Dropout on 7th Street on Sunday morning for brunch.  There were 5 of us in all and we are seasoned "brunchers" , so we were excited to try it out.  The first warning sign came with my call the day before; I got someone on the phone who was downright rude when I asked about whether I should (or could) make a reservation.  I was apprehensive about the next day and surprised because this is a Fox restaurant and I expect better from them.We arrived the next morning in different cars and were greeted by the valets, who were really nice.  I stopped in at the Ladies room and found that both doors to the restroom go into the same place.  I'm no prude but it felt awkward to me.  We were shown to an outside high table which proved to be uncomfortable to one of our party due to back problems so we then moved to a regular table but still had hard chairs.  I was eyeing the sofas but was told that they were "reserved" for large parties.  Amazingly, those "large" parties somehow shrank when the guests began showing up.The food showed up promptly and was enjoyed by everyone.  I had the biscuits and gravy, my visitor had the breakfast sandwich, and others had more traditional egg dishes.  I had coffee which was decent but had trouble keeping it, and our water glasses, filled.  I suspect the service will get better once the team figures things out.So, Culinary Dropout, here are my suggestions for getting me (and all the friends who rely on my suggestions), back again:1.  Central Phoenix is NOT Scottsdale.  There are a ton of great restaurants very close to you who are really service-focused.  This is a crowd who wants a good meal and to be treated well.  When that happens, you get fierce loyalty and repeat business...just ask the Windsor about that.2.  Focus on doing what you're good at.  You cannot be all things to all people.  There are other restaurants in Central Phoenix who are having the same issue and it is hurting them, in my opinion.  Try to focus on the neighborhood locals; they are the ones who will keep you healthy.So I didn't want this to sound so harsh but you have little time to "make it" in this neck of the woods....I sincerely want this to work for you and the neighborhood.  Until these things improve, I won't be back.  Just sayin'.....
5	When trying something new, I have learned not have any expectations, positive or negative,  until I have experienced it for myself. Otherwise, I've either felt let down because I expected too much or I didn't let myself have a good time because I nit picked everything.Well for whatever reason I couldn't help but have high expectations of this place. Thankfully, it was one of the times where I was not let down!I came here around 9 one night recently. I had heard about the long waits, so I had held off for a while but finally broke down and dragged a friend with me after work one night. She parked on the street, I valeted. For as busy as it was, my friend said there was plenty of street parking, I just wasn't paying attention. There was several cars in front of me, but the line moved fast, and I only had to wait a couple minutes before it was whisked off by some kid who probably just got his license last week (not complaining about skill, he just looked barely old enough to drive).We walked right in and put our name on the list and had about a 30-45 min wait (which turned out to only be 25 min) so we walked to the bar ordered a couple drinks and went and sat in the Adirondack chairs by the ping pong tables. We sat, talked, watched people playing ping pong and having a good time. The atmosphere was loud, fun, and happy.Once we received the text that our table was ready, the hostess walked us to our table and introduced our server who was friendly and sweet. we asked for recommendations and wound up ordering some cheese and pickled peppers to start which where delicious.For our entrees, I had the fish and chips and she had the corn cannelloni. Wow! Seriously, some of the best fish and chips I have ever had. Light, buttery, flaky fish with flavorful, crunchy breading. My friends cannelloni was delicious as well, I only tasted a bite (I was surprised I was allowed that much) so I can't go too in depth about its deliciousness, but I would definitely order it for myself next time.The portions were big, I took one piece of fish, half my fries and all my cole slaw home and she took almost half of her dish home.For pickled peppers, cheese, fish and chips, cannelloni and 4 glasses of wine, our bill was $68. I don't know what people are complaining about. I really don't.The prices are typical, the portions were good sizes, the drinks were big, the service was impeccable and valet is pretty standard for central and downtown Phoenix. I absolutely loved the Yard and can't wait to come back. All of you haters can go back to your suburban Olive Gardens and Applebees.
3	The first time I visited Culinary Dropout was the second weekend after their opening. It was very busy but our group was able to snag a table outside. We received prompt and friendly service despite how crowded it was and were impressed by how smoothly everything was executed. Fun and upbeat. Go expecting to see a crowd of folks in their mid forties with a chance of children (in the bar area). Very few people in the thirties age group.The space is absolutely enormous but still somehow manages to stay packed all the time.The general consensus is that there are a few tasty dishes here, but all in all, the food leaves something to be desired. The pretzel bites are yummy after a drink or two, though. ;-)*A warning for anyone who is the least bit musically inclined: Stay far, far away from this establishment on the evenings when they showcase their live music. It's bad. Really. Bad.
1	poor service, cold food, witnessed the wait staff being extremely rude to a family that brought their teenagers for lunch and play the ping pong, foosball, etc.  I get that they are focusing on adults, but at 1 pm when the place is empty they should get over it...wont return. ever.
3	My best friend and I visited again last Saturday afternoon. The staff was very friendly, and the atmosphere was fun. We noticed that they seem to be drawing in a younger crowd than before. Still, this seems to be a place that attracts all demographics--families with children, groups of people looking for more of a lively "bar" atmosphere, and folks planning for an afternoon of relaxation with cocktails or a bottle of wine--and somehow, it works. I like it.Anyway, it won't be a frequent stop, but it's part of the rotation. :-)
4	This place is awesome!  They have a real antipasti menu, awesome pretzel bites and home made chips, and a delicious crispy shrimp Caesar salad loaded with TENDER fried shrimp.  It can get erally crowded, causing long waits and can also be very loud, but i highly recommend checking it out!!
4	I have been here a handful of times since they opened . The atmosphere is good , weekends are crowded. Honestly favorite day to go is Sunday for Brunch or lunch. This would be a good place for a birthday celebration. There is plenty to try and to do , that you just want to stick around all day. Perfect place for day drinking. : )
2	Atmosphere is great. Food is good. Especially the fried chicken. Service is horrible. Takes forever to get a drink and some of the waitresses seem to hate their job. Snobby attitudes and all around bad service. I will spend my money elsewhere until they retrain their staff.
2	Terrible service. Mediocre food.
1	What's with the kids? No no no no no no
1	The concept is great. Who wouldn't want to hang out on the patio, play games and have some drinks?! The reality: Waitstaff is hired based on clothing size (nothing over a size 4) and looks. Which means, if they manage to get your order right, they will probably drop it at the wrong table; or dump the food and run, not bothering ot see if you have/need utensils.Also do not have the audacity to be thirst. ever. There's no 2nd pint of beer/glass of wine/ice tea refill to be had here. You will have better luck finding water in the desert.  Lastly, if you make it here long enough to get dessert - If you'd like a clean utensil to eat said dessert you have 2 choices: 1 bring your own clean fork,  Or  put your hands behind your back and have your own 1women/man tarte eating contest. The food - Its hit or miss. The "hit" is firmly in the land of 'meh' and the miss, is when you start having that debate in your head ' should I send this back, or should I leave'; this makes the food feel very over priced and stuffy. Clearly we are paying for the eye candy waitstaff, not the food. I've given them 2 separate tries to get it right and they failed miserably on both, I'm out.
3	: Okay, okay.  I don't know if I would have gone here if someone hadn't had a coupon.  Haven't been entirely impressed w/ Fox Restaurant Concepts in the past, but decided to try it out after seeing the roadside transformation during our frequent drives home, along 7th Street.  Parking situation is ridiculous.  Blocking off the medium size lot to valet only clientele is annoying, considering The Yard (the covered bar area mostly belonging to Culinary Depot) is looking to be lined w/ several more businesses, including a coffee shop/bakery.  Gave up my cell number at the hostess station and informed of a 25 minute wait, which wasn't too bad for a new, buzzed about Phoenix location.  By the time they texted (an impressive 10 minutes quicker than estimated) we'd already found a place at one of the bar tables out back and been served drinks by a polite waitress.Sipped adequately potent 10$ drinks as we waited for our third and received no attitude for excessive lounging.  Crowd ranged from upper class urban to downtown hipsters, all ages, including kids, but the latter disappeared after dark, replaced by scantily clad ladies and their young gentlemen friends. Food was unimpressive, considering they're touting themselves as a gastropub (Meatloaf: Terribly ketchupy, Grilled Cheese: A bit crusty, Cannelloni: Inhaled, assumed okay.) but all in all the ambiance was all right.  Wouldn't necessarily return for dinner, but might hang out having a few drinks w/ friends on a lazy Sunday evening.  Bar section is open and wheelchair friendly, free of steps.
1	Loud, obnoxious, overpriced, confusing...  The best way I can describe another attempt at this place. I will not be back.  Parking is a nightmare and valet filled up again. This place is well below the many other options in north central Phoenix. They appear to have tried a party place as an infill but it has flopped badly.  For a good time try Postinos, Windsor or Federal Pizza.  WAY more classy than this central phoenix wanna-be party joint.
5	I was very impressed with the hip decor, the great food, and the wonderful service. The Turkey Pastrami on a pretzel roll with melted swiss cheese and cole slaw was delicious. Great fries on the side, too. We started with the housemade potato chips and famous onion dip--I highly recommend it. The outdoor dining area looked comfortable with misters, but it was 108 degrees outside, which was OK for some, but not someone from the beach.
2	Overpriced, average food and a limited, uninspired menu...First off, they force you to valet park - it's complimentary but completely unnecessary considering there were parking spaces all over (and I am pretty sure people are capable of parking themselves).  They sat us outside because there was a 15-min wait for inside tables, but we promptly moved to the bar because it was too hot and the misters were up too high to be effective.  Before I ordered, I asked a female server who was standing nearby if the burgers were good and she replied, "I don't know.  I don't eat red meat".  Nice - top notch server there. Since I am not vegan anymore I ordered the M.A.C. burger and fries.  My friend ordered the shrimp salad.  My burger was average and overpriced, and $13 for a small salad with a few popcorn shrimp tossed in?   $3 for a flat Pepsi?  C'mon.  It felt like we were being charged extra for the privilege of eating at this place because it's so hip.  The clincher was the flies that kept landing on my food. The bartender was cool, and the hostesses were nice - those are the only positives I could think of.Maybe I would like this place if I just wanted to play foosball and sip on $10 drinks?  No, not even then.
4	Really cool place!! The Yard is a pretty cool and fun concept.  The drink specials were actually pretty fun. $3 for a beer in a brown paper bag.  It could either be "Old Milwaukee's Best" or something good like "Fat Tire".  The main printer ran out of paper and the tickets were printing off somewhere else and nobody noticed for awhile.  It took us over an hour to get our food. Hey, that stuff happens, but when it does do something for the customer.  Me and my buddy make our living in the food service industry so we are pretty easy going about stuff especially when it was one of those things.  Just because we didn't kick up a storm doesn't mean you should save the free round of drink for the ones who do.  They staff was great, the concept was cool, and the food was good, but not doing something for your guest when you mess up is preventing me from giving 5 stars.
3	what a fun place! I think it was genius to create the 'yard'. The bar can get pretty packed but the staff is pretty respectful and considerate. I love the live music, completes the atmosphere!
3	Second time i have been to a culinary dropout, first time at this one.As always love the atmosphere, especially because the Yard was right there as well.Happy Hour beware are only at the bar, hightops, or outside. We didn't go for that so it wasn't too big of a deal, but could have been.Only had the hip bar type food when we were here for a work hang out. It was good from what I had. Definitely a fun place to come to hang out and just kick it with friends. Consider it an adult playground.
4	The only reason Im not giving this 5 stars is that Culinary Dropout is not vegan friendly. Love this place anyway!
5	Great atmosphere, great food, great servers.They don't force valet anymore. I'd suggest getting an antipasti appetizer and MA THE MEATLOAF or the Pub burger. I've had the Rainbow Trout and Beef Stroganoff, and they're very tasty and flavorful! The serving sizes aren't huge--good news for you, tubby!
4	I would say that this place is ok.. The atmosphere was pretty cool.. Loud with the live music and the tvs all on. The service was ok.. Very casual with everything. Food was pretty good. We had the soft pretzels & provolone fondue.. This was really good, A little too much sea salt on the pretzels but it was still really good. We also had the 36-hour pork ribs and the fried chicken, both were pretty good. Those two plates had pretty large portions so if your not a big eater I would share it with someone. Only reason I gave this 4 stars is because I felt like it was a little overpriced for what you get.
3	Just about your average place - which is surprising especially being a FOX restaurant. The weirdest thing - happy hour is limited to the bar or patio. Even then the options are no less cheap as compared to regular prices. Makes you wonder if it is indeed happy hour. Food was just about OK - nothing to rave about. The one thing I hate is the forced valet. I am old enough to drive and park my own car. And no, I don't want to shell out extra few bucks just because you handled my car without me asking for it. If it is complimentary, why do you need to tip the valet?
4	The food and drinks are fantastic even though they are overpriced. I've been here twice and the first time I enjoyed the huge serving of mussels and the second time I went off of the bread and cheese menu which was fantastic. You can't beat having a great meal and then playing ping pong for an hour with drinks afterwards.
3	Mixed....success depends on your agenda for that day.  Busy, popping, happening and great band - scores high.  Other scores average.  Went there last night (Sat) with two girlfriends (6:30pm).  Sound system was so loud we couldn't talk to each other and couldn't really have a good discussion with waitress re recommendations.  Shared antipassi.  Had we understood more about how blockbuster good it is we would have selected all the options and just had that.  I asked the waitress to recommend Shrimp salad vs tuna salad and was shocked when she said shrimp because if tuna salad is served seared normally kicks shrimp's ass.  Two of us ordered it and were terribly disappointed.  I agree with another yelper it was a tiny fried popcorn shrimp salad.  I also agree with another yelper - the place is inconsistent.  They need some mystery diners to fine tune their offering.  All that being said I will go again with another group of people and have a totally different experience because we will choose to sit at the bar and drink, snack on the antipassi and listen to music.
4	Not sure if it's a regular thing, but the only way to park there was through valet parking, and although it was complimentary, that just irks me every time. Now that that's out of the way, the rest of the experience was quite fantastic actually. The place is very well laid out and it's easy to find things as various sections are separated by glass walls. The yard itself  (with free games and lots of comfy seating) is just a sea of change from the typical restaurants you see in the area. The bar area is on the larger scale of things, with one side that opens up to the yard part. The food was good, but not groundbreaking, and the folks working there were very nice. Definitely a good restaurant to check out and worth the experience of having, just try not to get lost in their maze of a bathroom (that one is worth checking out as well -- as long as you're not prone to getting lost). Maybe adult supervision would be helpful for me.
4	Staff attitude makes a helluva difference to me when I'm considering where to frequent and that's why I've dined at Culinary Dropout a sh*tload.I haven't been to the other locations in Scottsdale or Vegas so I'm only speaking for the 7th. Street venue. Everyone engages with you and they all seem to be really into the kind of food & beverages that they're serving. You already know you won't get a conversation about whether they have lox or nova salmon at a chain restaurant, but you can talk that sh*t here with servers who can riff on it with you.Pretzel bites with fondue are a mainstay. So is a sampling of their cold cuts and some crusty bread with olive oil. They pour sweet balsamic vinegar into the oil so dip it deep, y'all, and hit that spot.Seared Tuna Salad is my favorite for lunch, followed by the French Dip sammich. I've tried the fried chicken and it wasn't the move for me. First of all, it's got a sweet tasting crust and some Indian or Mexican spices rubbed into it which together make me believe that they batter the chicken in Frosted Flakes and Coriander with a lil chili powder. I'm all for trying stuff, but I think as a Southerner that I am a fried chicken purist who expects savory, not sweet.Ask for a booth if they have one open. Tell the girl in the red top sitting by the stage who accidentally smacked me as I walked by to call me because she was fine as hell and I would sop her up with a Culinary Dropout biscuit.
3	Loud and sub-par service with decent food. Pretzel bites are addictive, chicken curry was good, the Irishman drink was pretty good.Waitress was untrained and lazy when it came to service. She could have easily sold a few more drinks if she had even bothered to ask if we wanted another.Music is cranked to the point where you have to yell to be heard, which only makes the problem worse because then you hear everyone adjacent to you yelling to be heard.Fine for some, not really for me.
4	We had the asparagus (delish), artichoke (good but my personal issue of never knowing how to eat it) and the house specialty of fried chicken which was really good and huge portion 4 pieces so totally shareable. Ok selection on beer but the bacon bloodymary looked good. Loved the ambiance right up my alley being from Portland Oregon.
3	Great location and cool building. But you still have to eat!! Most average food of all the Sam Fox restaurants I have been to!!
5	We would definitely come back and I was lobbying to go back sooner than later since we had such a great time out with our friends (who are also family). Great food, great drink, and a great time! PARKING:It is Valet parking only or you need to park across the street. When you come in, they ask for your cell phone number and txt you when your table is ready. they also immediately send you a link to see your position in line on a web page. It was really cool.WAIT TIME:On a Saturday night the wait was about 45 min for the six of us. We went out the the giant patio area and walked right up to an empty table. I think they are hard to come by, but we lucked out.  We had a drink or two before being seated. BAR:I think the bar part is called, "The Yard" and the restaurant is called Culinary Dropout? I didn't pay that close of attention and there was actually a third area that looked like a sushi bar. This place is huge and made up of 3 or 4 distinct areas. There are games under the giant patio in the Yard, such as ping pong, corn-hole and shuffleboard, but we did not play any. they all looked busy and we were fine just talking.  There is a small bar behind the games, but they only have 3 beers on tap and a few in cans, so we went to the main bar to get more choices...and they do have a TON of choices. you can also get a Brown Bag Special, which is basically they give you a beer like Hamms or Bush in a paper bag. Kind of funny, but I prefer Kilt Lifter, which they have along with a lot of other great beers. A really great thing about this place is the patio area is so big, you can get a drink and don't have to be standing shoulder to shoulder with other people like seems to be the norm at other trendy restaurants. The crowd ranges from teens to 50+, but certainly most are in the 20's and 30's.  Us, being in our 40's still fit in.  I suppose it would be ok to bring younger children, but there were none there. ...actually, I did see a woman walking a baby around. We also ran into a friend's teenage children, but I do not recall any other. RESTAURANT:The restaurant was very nice. They had a live band that sounded great and was not too loud. We all tried each others food and we like it all. We were really impressed at how great the food was. FOOD:The Pretzel fondue was to die for. A MUST have! The meatloaf was better than my mom's!  (Sorry mom.)My wife and I shared the Pastrami Turkey (Turkey with seasonings on the outside like beef pastrami) with coleslaw on a pretzel bun. I would definitely get that again. REALLY good.The mussels were just "OK". Not great, but not bad. The bread that came with them was really good.
1	The absolute worst. A few nights ago a group of us went there for my sister's birthday. Three days before-hand I tried to make a reservation for 10 of us and they said they would not be able to do it because they were full already. So on the day of, my friend arrived and put our name on the wait list, and they use a system where they take your phone number and when your table is ready they send you a text. They told us it would be an hour wait, which we had no problem with. So we went into the yard and hung out for a while (we weren't able to play a single game though because it was so overly crowded), and after an hour went by I went back to the hostess to check our wait status. The hostess, probably no older than 18 or 19, rudely points out that she had sent us 10 or so messages and since we didn't respond she took us off the list. Astonished I double checked the phone number listed under our name, and she had misunderstood my friends number and therefore we never received the messages. Since this was in no way our fault I asked if we could be next, and rudely, once again she said we'd have to wait. We waited another hour (a total of two hours) with me, my sister, and her husband trying to talk to the manager, who was just as rude as the hostess and didn't care to help in anyway. They weren't apologetic, and they acted as though we didn't matter at all. It was absolutely appalling. Finally they gave us a table and gave us one free appetizer. Our server was nice but it did not make up for the rest of our awful experience. Do not go here if you want an enjoyable night out.
4	Turkey Pastrami on a pretzel roll! The beer selection is ok, the mixed drinks are better.
3	We need to give this place another go.  We went for breakfast and on the first NFL Sunday of the season, so I'll be honest, it was not the fairest of days to critique the place.  I had the Fritatta and my fiancee had the Two Eggs Any Way.  I want to go back and give the pretzel bites a go (seeing as how they seem to have received rave reviews).  Pros:- Our waitress was very nice and took great care of us- the food wasn't amazing, but it wasn't bad either!  - Attached to "The Yard" which looks like a BLAST to hand out in.  If we had more time we would have been all over one of those ping pong tables.Cons:- Loud atmosphere, but again football Sunday...rowdy crowd ;)- Mandatory valet parking - I have valet parking my car...I have no good reason, just don't like it and don't love being forced to do it Overall: B+  can't wait to go again and chow on pretzel bites with dip
5	As out friends drove in from the Q, (Albuquerque) my wife and I were looking for an adventure and a place we've never been. Some friends said this was a pretty decent place to hang out and they were right! The chips and onion dip were so good, we had to get two! My wife and I split the ribs and a salad and the drinks were a bit spendy ($10 drink night) but fantastic nonetheless. The service stood out as Jason Brown, the general manager came to out table and personally thanked us for our first visit, proceeding to buy us desert as a thank you. Highly recommended and my wife and I will be coming back to hang out!
3	Wanted to like this place more than I did. It is massive but I think there's empty space that is still underutilized. They should put in more seating around the patio so people can chill while waiting. It's loud and fun. Good place to hang out with a group of friends. Food and drinks are pricey for the environment though. Be prepared to wait if you come during peak times. Tip: Don't be rude by keeping game equipment while you're not using them; give them back if eating/drinking so others can enjoy.
3	Let me start saying something, I'm not a big fan of the Fox restaurants. Nothing personal, just not impressed what so ever.Than being said, let's start with the location. This location is awesome. Specially with the weather we had today.Another positive point is the service. Friendly and professional.The food is my main complaint, which is pretty serious if the review is about a restaurant.We had the chips with the onion dip. This should be ordered by at least 4 people, they're good but super grease and the serving is way too much for 2 people (given the quantity of oil).I had the tuna salad which was absolutely uneventful.The kids burger was OK.At least it wasn't extremely overpriced, otherwise I would take off another star. The location worth the visit, specially with great weather, but would't go for the food (at least what I tried).BTW, the Arnold Palmer was pretty good.Cheers
3	DO NOT come here looking for good food. It's equivalent to Applebee's, maybe worse. The atmosphere is awesome. It's a great place to drink and have fun.
5	I have thoroughly enjoyed this place (food, drinks, decor) since it opened, but I have to give it special mention for a dish I tried for the first time tonight: grilled artichokes. I like artichokes, but I couldn't imagine what was so special about grilled ones...with lemon truffle aioli...until I tasted it. Utter foodgasm! Buttery, smoky, sauce drippy drooly amazing. Try it, you'll like it!
3	I am a HUGE fan of this place after my first visit this past Saturday night! We had a few drinks at the bar then played some shuffleboard. The bartender recommended a Moscow mule which definitely hit the spot. The drinks were a bit pricey but that's typical for this area! The atmosphere was great out in the patio/The Yard. I gave this place 3 stars due to closing at 12pm. Really?! It was still packed and everyone was enjoying themselves playing the yard games. Also, we got there about 9 and couldn't find parking. Valet was full and they have signs stating you will get a ticket if you park on the street. We ended up going to a bar down the street for an hour or so since we couldn't park there. I'm glad we gave it a second drive by and got parking at 10:30pm because we had a great time until it suddenly closed at 12.
2	If this review were just about food, Culinary Dropout would get a respectable rating.Parking is a hassle.  It's nice to park and walk into a restaurant without the annoying valet parking.  The killer:  NOISE.  The afternoon dining experience was awful.  Live music and everyone in the restaurant shouting in order to converse.  People in a restaurant want to speak to each other, but at this restaurant, don't bother.  The management explained that they like this idea--drown out conversation. We celebrated a friend's birthday there.  They have a nice menu with a wide selection of soups, salads, sandwiches, and main entrees.  Very interesting variety.  Lots of good craft beer choices.  If this place was quiet enough for us to carry out conversation, we might try it.  But the noise is too much.  We checked with some friends---same observation.  If you like the "buzz" of a loud restaurant and valet parking, this place is for you.  Sure not for us.
3	I would probably go back to this place because of its location and atmosphere.  It is a   relaxed, fun place to be.  Plenty of activities and drink choices.   The service was wonderful.  The server was very professional and friendly. My only reason for not giving it more stars was the food.  It was Ok.  I tried the fish and chips.  The fish was okay.  The batter was light and fluffy but bland.. The tarter sauce was boring and bland too.  No zing or even some kind of flavor.  The fries were fresh cut but were so salty making them difficult to eat.  I had to dust the salt off.   The cole slaw was the best part and even that wasn't very exciting.  My co-worker who joined me, had the Kale & Sweet Potato Salad.  She enjoyed it except for the pomegranates that come with it but aren't listed in the description on the menu.  I had a bite and did find the dressing to be delicious.  I'll go back but will try something else on the menu and hopefully it will taste better than this past lunch.
3	Love the bar away from the Yard.  Not a fan of the Yard at least not at sunset when it is overrun with kids.  I'm sure its complexion changes quickly as it gets later in the evening.  El Matador drink is terrific.  But ordering cheese plate is ridiculous.  You order different cheeses for about $4 each but what you receive is the weakest, most pathetic single thin slice.  So 4 stars as a place to drink, 2 stars for food which is how I arrive at 3 stars.  I was going to give it 4 stars but went somewhere afterwards that had an amazing kick-ass meet & cheese spread for $8.
4	Celebrating my husband's birthday at a very wonderful, unusual, urban place.  I really wanted to give it a 41/2 but will wait for the next visit and pretty sure it would get 5 stars.  Atmosphere & ambience is very cool...outdoor ping pong tables, shuffleboard, fire pits outside or sit inside and you still get the same flavor.  Great waiter, helpful, attentive.  But most of all, GREAT menu.  We started with their antipasto board with an array of choices...meats, cheeses, hardboiled eggs, roasted aspargus, beets.  What a great way to start.  The bistro steak on a bed of melted gorgonzola was mouth-watering.  And hot carmel monkey bread with apple filling and vanilla bean ice cream, on the house, to end the birthday celebration.  Can't wait to go back.
4	Love this place in my neighborhood..been going since they first opened.  Highly recommend the steak, meatloaf, and various weekend brunch items.  Great atmosphere.
4	The restaraunt is very noisy. Parking lot is oddly configurated.the waitress was friendly . However cold air was com I ng in from the side entrance. The food was good portion reasonable large green beanns were very fresh. The sauce on the meatloaf was sweet.we enjoyed their pretzels were good.after we had our d I nner service was lacking and our dinnerrt sizes were small
5	Good food, I highly recommend the ribs, Service was great also, we went when busy, still good service. Came back for a breakfast burrito, also great. Need a little help on their Scotch selection, but you can't have everything. Prices were very reasonable also.
4	Good atmosphere, food and drinks. The beef dip and the grilled cheese are delicious. Highly recommend. Love the room service as my beverage of choice. Waiting to obtain game pieces from the hostess stand is ridiculous. Very poor set up for that. Better chances picking up a game with someone already playing.
3	I am docking a star for not having one wine on the happy hour menu! What is up with that!
4	I'm bumping this up to a 4 but I would give 3.5 if I could. The place is big, nice, well lit, and warm enough even at night in the winter. Service is good.Started with the prosciutto deviled eggs, which I thought were really good, and the roasted beets, which I thought were too simple and disappointing (I would skip them in the future).Thought the sweet potato kale salad was really great, with a nice amount of goat cheese that was not overwhelming. I do wish they put more strips of sweet potato in the salad, but overall portion size was good.The grilled chicken club was delicious. Accompanying fries were not very good. I would substitute a different side in the future.I thought the drink prices were all pretty high. I tried the tap wine - would definitely skip it in the future. Just tasted... Muddled.This place gets so packed during the summer. I'm glad I could enjoy it without the crowd. I recommend grabbing a jacket during the cool months and giving this place a try.
3	This place is great but makes you wait, and the food is just okay. I was here on a Friday and we literally had to wait two hours to get a table. Thankfully they have a large outdoor area with shuffle board, table tennis and corn hole. However we were not able to enjoy any of these games because it was so packed!! You can also order appetizers and drinks as you wait- the drinks by the corn hole games are cheaper though so beware.There is a good mix of people of all ages, and families. When we finally did get our food, the pretzel dippers were good and my meal was okay, my friends agreed. There was nothing wrong with the food, it just was not anything to write home about, I was expecting a lot more after that ridiculous wait time.
1	Horrible service coupled with cold food. Stay away from this place. It seems like it's ran by unprofessional young staff that need more training in customer service so they know not to conversate with fellow employees when they should be attending to guests. It feels they just don't care about your experience.  Yeah, the managers are nice and fix the cold food thing but when it's happens 4 times on different visits somethings wrong.
1	Terribly over priced for what you get! Pretzels with fondue tasted like salty rocks dipped in salty cheese honestly I can see how they are drop outs lol. Rude staff as well only come here if you want to have terrible service and pay too much for bad food
4	It's like a classy version of The Duce. Fun stuff to do in the yard area. Delicious pretzel appetizer. Get a Double Blind- a random can of beer in a paper can and choose a random airplane bottle of booze. Hilarious fun.**was told that they only take limited reservations- something like only at 6pm. Weird.
3	I have been to this location multiple times and the service at the Scottsdale location is far superior. However, the food is AMAZING and the atmosphere rocks! If you're looking for a GREAT happy hour spot, this is it.... just be prepared for not so impressive service. *Side note: get here early (5pm-6pm) parking is tricky and valet space is limited.
4	It's a super cool idea.  It's half indoors and half outdoors with couches and cool lounge areas, ping pong tables, bean bag toss, shuffle board and good food.  Parking is sort of a pain and it's a little pricey but cool place to take a large group.
5	Great place to eat and play games. Played corn hole and ate lunch. Love the appetizers  of antipasti and variety of other foods.
5	Fun atmosphere, best food that we had while here on vacation (we also ate at Element at Sanctuary, too), and our service was amazing!  Thanks, Arrie for making our experience so enjoyable!We also loved the house band. Great sound and set list!
4	This a nice trendy happy hour spot. The food is delicious too. I have tried a couple of things here that I recommend. Top of the list is the Italian Grinder followed by the fried chicken and Mac burger. This place is great to meet up with friends or fun date nights. As mentioned before parking is a pain. I have never been here when I could just park myself. Valet is available so bring your tip cash with you.
4	I come here for the atmosphere and the pretzel fondue! Culinary is right in the middle of things in Scottsdale and it is a fun atmosphere for drinks/dinner before a night out on the town. It is trendy, upbeat and has live music on weekends, which can also make it pretty loud. The food is pretty good too, but not a ton of options for those (like me) who don't eat meat. I have never come here and not started with the pretzel fondue (they're amazing) and my go to menu item is usually the Ahi Salad.
2	I was not impressed with this location at all. The concept is great, but the experience was less than. We waited TWO hours for a table after being told that the wait was 60-90min. The menu was small, but everything sounded great. I ordered an antipasti appetizer and the sweet potato kale salad. The appetizer was soooo small and way overpriced for what we got. The salad, which I imagined being a healthy serving of kale topped with radishes and sweet potato (from the menu description), was tiny and the "sweet potato" was literally potato peeling shaving as a garnish. I was not expecting to pay $12 for a bowl of lettuce and a few pieces of kale. The other dish we ordered was the turkey pastrami, which was okay, but the fries were luke warm. After just two beers and the above food items we ended up paying almost $70 for a dinner that could have been made at home for under $20. I say don't waste your time or money going here unless its happy hour and not packed.
3	This is a great place to grab a drink with friends. When it comes to there entrees, I would pass. I love fox restaurants food, but culinary dropout always has bad food.   Last time I had the fried chicken and it was horrible. The mashed potatoes tasted like it was from a microwave dinner or from a airline.Fun place to drink not to eat.
2	Wow, we got absolutely terrible service. The only reason that this place is getting more than one star is that the good was great. When we first sat down, I asked about the happy hour specials and was told what they were but that we couldn't get them and would have to pay full price because we were seated inside. I told the hostess three times that I wanted outside as he was bringing us in, but I didn't want to make a fuss about it. We asked to be moved and the girl said that would not be possible, but what we could do is go to the bar. My friend and I went up to the bar to get our happy hour specials while our third friend who doesn't drink waited at the table. While we were getting out drinks three different people came up to my friend who was still at the table asking what the problem was and where we were and what we were doing. They were so rude to her she wanted to leave.Pro-tip: if you offer different prices at different spots in your restaurant people will go for the cheapest.The rest of the time the waitress was very rude to us and even ignored me several times when I asked for our check. I don't want to come back here if I can help it.
3	Visited on a Wednesday afternoon to the 7th Street address.  Nice atmosphere for sitting outside and having a drink - it is a huge open space.  I ordered the Kale salad - it listed a number of ingredients which the salad did include, but they were incredibly sparse.  The roasted cauliflower was microscopic and I only found about three itty bitty pieces - about 1/4 teaspoon, same with some of the other toppings.  For $13 I would think it could be more generous, I left hungry and feeling a little ripped off, although what little salad I got was still good. The service was fine - I noticed a lot of reviewers complaining about that, but then I went during a slow time.
5	Maybe it's the fact that my Company rented out the entire patio area and allowed all Corporate employees to go crazy with the company credit card!Perhaps it's the fact that I had more drinks that night than I have fingers on both hands...Could it be even that coupled with the 90+ temperatures that week, once I'd had my share of kamikaze' shots alongside Adioses', I was so "faded, that I wanted to get X-rated"???I dunno!Allz' I know (hiccup), is that the next time I'm in Phoenix, this place is DEFINITELY at the top of my "To Do" list!Thanks for a great time guys!
3	The place looked pretty cool. They had a big outdoor seating area and the bar was split inside and out. This place is pretty hipster also. The host wasn't so friendly though. He had a little attitude. About the food, I ordered a Moscow mule, an IPA beer that was fruity, artichoke hearts dip, pretzels with cheese fondue and "Soup from the day before." The artichoke hearts were pretty good. The presentation was good also, definitely not the average artichoke hearts. The pretzels with cheese fondue was pretty good. The pretzels were soft and the cheese was also delicious. Lastly, my soup was okay thought it could have had more chunks of veggies and seafood. Maquel our bartender was pretty awesome. She was very good about explaining the food and beers! This place is good for crowds and catching up because of the space and outdoor areas.
3	I prefer the Scottsdale location over this one. I'm not even really sure why either...Tried their fish and chips and didn't finish. I do believe they have like a smoky chipotle type spice used in their fish batter. Not that spectacular, IMO...Service was FAB though - very friendly and fast. :)Plus, this location is adjacent to The Yard. Go eat and drink, and then go play some Ping-Pong!
4	Really good food, and great atmosphere.  Solid beer tap list, everything I would expect from a great New American-style restaurant. Service was average, but adequate.
4	This place has great food, great beer and a great atmosphere. However, the service was not so great. My husband and I waited a while to be served. Other than that, everything was wonderful. Happy Hour is the way to go, otherwise, it would be a little pricey for the food. Get the pretzels and fondue, that was amazing!!
1	Not a fan of this place. I hear its fun on weeknights. But don't bother coming on the weekend. Especially for a birthday. They'll have you wait two or more hours for a table even though the promise you an hour to hour and a half. They'll say you're next on the list but continually seat people before you. Lame. Gotta love being lied to and having your friend's birthday party being basically ruined.
5	Amazing and super fun! This place was packed but we only had to wait 15 minutes for a table at their busy time of night on a Saturday. The crowd was very hip and the atmosphere was fun. We sat there for at least two hours grazing on antipasto tray and pretzels with cheese dip. I found a new bear that I love and I can't wait to go back!
5	Not knowing where to go for a casual brunch with family and friends, we ended up at The Yard and it turned out to be the perfect spot. The setting is just the right blend of chic and relaxed (wife's words, not mine), and the food was wonderful (our table had a frittata, turkey pastrami, kale and sweet corn salad, yogurt parfait, and a kids M&C - all to rave reviews). The highlight for us boys was the ping pong-foosball-shuffleboard mini-Olympics, while the live music was an unexpected added treat for everyone. And the service was as good as the atmosphere and food. We will be making this a regular weekend stop with the kids!
4	Beer is kinda pricey. Had the fish n chips; excellent! Son had the grilled cheese sliders & he loved it. The cole slaw was very bland. No Wi Fi, nice atmosphere, quick to get the food, staff nice n quick. Will come back.
3	Standard Fox concept:  great atmosphere with overpriced basic food. The Yard is a really cool spot to take a large group and have cocktails and average quality food while playing games. Had somewhat of a "hipster" vibe to it like most joints in Central Phoenix do. The back is a giant indoor patio with lounge seating near tvs to watch sports and the end is full of games like shuffle board, corn hole, ping pong and fooseball. Real cool vibe in central Phoenix. I give 4.5 stars for atmosphere and 2 stars for food to make a 3.
3	This place is hit and miss depending on what you order.  Hip vibe and good happy hour menu.  If i'm in the neighborhood, I'd go again, but it's not worth it to drive here.  Service was pretty good, servers were attentive enough.What I had:Pretzel FonduePretzel balls can be a little more chewy and softer, but the molten cheese for dipping is quite fun.  Port SalutSemi-soft, creamy, and delicious with their baguette.Jamon IbericoAcorn fed, free=-range, black hoof pig....so they say...It was delicious and thin, but were sliced with a machine!!  They weren't hand carved by an experienced jam on handler...but then again, this is Phoenix.  What do I expect?Grilled Cheese SlidersThese were "slider" sized or personal size grilled cheese that were not so mini.  Crispy outside, fluffy and cheesy inside.  From their happy hour menu.Korean Shrimp & Chicken StickI don't know what's "Korean" about this, but the marinade was spicy.  The veggies were also very spicy and good.  The chicken could've been more juicy, but the overall dish was pretty good.Smoked Salmon BruschettaMy fav item.  With pickled pink onions, tomato, capers, and olive oil.  Tangy, smokey, crispy.  Addictive!36-Hour Pork RibsFull rack of baby back ribs that are slow cooked for 36 hours and basted with sweet and spicy jalapeno and molasses sauce.  Served with fries and yummy coleslaws!  The sauce was very tasty, but there were some spots on the rib that were too salty for some reason.  Then there were other parts that weren't salty.  Perhaps the chef literally threw a handful of salt on the ribs!?
3	This restaurant is really large which is great because I'm sure it gets packed on the weekends. Appetizers were grilled asparagus and deviled eggs. The asparagus was chilled. Makes no sense to me to pull something off a hot grill, stick it in the fridge then serve it on a plate. Long story short, I like my grilled asparagus hot.Sweet potato cannelloni with mushrooms was simply delicious, but scarce. The dish wasn't terribly expensive, but for the amount of money I would have liked more. I am not a fan of mushrooms, but ate those just because I was still hungry. I came really close to licking the plate instead I just nibbled on my husbands fries.Our waiter was also the bartender. Water glasses were never refilled because he was busy at the bar. Lastly, the music was too loud for a lunch crowd.
4	Great afterwork hangout-good food and drinks!I recommend the pretzel roll fondue for a group.  It is typical mini pretzel rolls with a cheesy dip.  The portion is so large (good thing) that we took the extra home with dreams of using them for home made sliders.We also ordered the deviled eggs which have a delicious earthy flavor that I believe comes from truffle oil.  Just order them!Our last app was the beet dish.  Not a fan and I love beets.  They just were not anything special and were drenched in a balsamic dressing that was lack luster at best.Dessert rocked.  We had the carmel corn and the salted carmel custard. Yum.The room is large, noisy and conducive to having a good time.  Ask for the corner table for the best people watching,  Oh and order a mule to get things started!
4	Great food, and great drinks. Prices are a little to high for the drinks but still good none the less.
4	I've been here several times and each time its gets better and better!  Love "Ma the Meatloaf"!  I also had the chicken meatballs I love their approach on this, its has the same components as a eating boneless wings.  The paper bag special is always amusing ha ha and the atmosphere is always the same!  Great food and such a great atmosphere!!!  Its definitely a must if your in that area.
2	i have been to this place a few times, generally have had a good experience but my most recent visit wasn't good.  I knew we were in for trouble when I asked the server how we fix our wobbly table and she just shrugged her shoulder and walked away.  Our night didn't get any better from there. Very poor service, food came out cold, my mussels didn't taste right and the server didn't bother to address the issue.   They took way too long to clear the table and get us our check.  And we weren't alone, the table next to us was complaining of the same things.  Just a general lack of concern and care for our experience.  I certainly hope this was just a one off rather than a once great place becoming a victim of its own success.  May give them another chance down the road, but if I do it will be the last one.
4	Friendly staff, fun atmosphere, large patio with corn hole.  Bar food that is not average bar food.  Good local brew on tap and the Maria Pepino was delicious.I had the Italian chopped salad and it was so good I ate the leftovers for breakfast!
4	This place is awesome. I moved from Arizona in August and I was happy to leave. I did not know that AZ was capable of a fun place to hang. I love the concept of the yard attached to the restaurant. You can play shuffle board, ping pong, corn hole, and/or chat. This place brings the outdoors inside.
3	This is an Adult's playground!  Culinary Dropout insured that they would be open for a very long time being a part of The Yard.  The Yard consists of bags, ping pong and booze.  You can get a table, sit, run around, play games and enjoy some ok food. The atmosphere is really tough to beat if your goal is to have fun around lots of people trying to do the same.  Everything around here has style, makes you feel welcome and is a cool hangout.The food...is meh. I ordered the meatloaf because I wanted to see if it could be better than my mom's.  It was  disappointing, but buying a couple beers in a bag (I think they were $2) made up for it...kinda.
5	Had such a great experience here. From the pretzels with smoky cheese fondue to the burrata/heirloom tomato salad to the most delicious French fries (dipped in our leftover fondue sauce)...wonderful! The patio was fantastic on a Monday night. Peaceful, with excellent service from our server, Jeff. They even threw in a dessert for free after our feast for four and treated our kids kindly, which is rare at trendier restaurants. I will be making all of the Fox restaurant concepts a habit. It was excellent.
2	The server had a great attitude and was helpful in explaining the antipasti and refilling our drinks.Ordered the potato chips, cheese sliders and the Mac Burger.Potato chips were good, onion dip was ok, didn't taste like onions.Mac Burger is a good proximity of what that famous burger used to taste like when I was a kid and they were about the same size as this burger.Cheese sliders were awful!  These were late coming to a table, apology was given and we were told they would be taken care of.  The cost was still on our bill.  Ultimately, the biggest issue with the sliders is that they tasted like propane gas, no cheese or toast flavor.Would not go our of my way to eat here.
3	By pure accident, my husband and I wound up at The Yard last weekend. We were originally planning on eating somewhere else, but that restaurant went on a spontaneous vacation so we had to come up with another game plan. Honestly, it was no hardship since we've wanted to try The Yard since they opened but have been putting it off.When we arrived, it was around 5pm on a Saturday. Since it was July 4th weekend, the place was packed but not too packed. There was still some valet parking available and some spots on the streets. (The first time I came here, they were so packed we had to park about 10 minutes away and then the wait was over 45 minutes. Needless to say, we didn't stay that time.) When you arrive, you have the choice between dining at Culinary Dropout or Lola's. For this trip, we decided on Culinary Dropout. Happy Hour runs from 3-6pm M-F. Since it was a holiday weekend, they extended it to Saturday. During Happy Hour, they have some appetizer deals and $4 well drinks. We decided to order the olives and crusty bread with olive oil dipping sauce. The olives came in a large bowl - they were both delicious and a great deal. The crusty bread was good but I really enjoyed dipping it in my main dish. For the main course, my husband ordered the meatloaf and I ordered the sweet potato cannelloni. The meatloaf was extremely tender and flavorful. It came with a side of mashed potatoes and gravy. My dish was tasty as well. If you don't know, cannelloni is similar to ravioli except longer rectangular pieces. (I was unaware until the server explained to me.) The cannelloni was stuffed with delicious sweet potato puree then topped with roasted mushrooms, shallots, sweet potato chunks, and fresh snap peas. There was a light parmesan sauce that everything was lightly coated with. (Good bread dipping sauce.)Overall, the food was pretty good. The location is unique and has an interesting vibe. We didn't check out the actual games area, but the inside was nice with plenty of space for dining. I'm not sure if we will be back since it isn't really in our neighborhood, but it's definitely something to check out if in the area.
5	The food and atmosphere is fantastic.......
4	Went there last evening with a friend.    I looked over the menu, thought, hmmm, they have chicken curry.    Interesting.    This isn't a Thai restaurant, is it, I thought?   Well, I happen to like chicken curry so I ordered it.    It was quite good.    I asked for chili peppers on the side since I like hot.    It had big pieces of chicken, potatoes, julienne cut green beans, onions, mushrooms and plenty of sauce that could easily be mopped up with the rice.    Definitely would give any Thai restaurant a run for its money.   He had the grilled cheese sliders.     I don't normally like bread, but I saw it was bathed in plenty of butter or ??.    Anyway, it looked good, so I had a couple of bites.    Plenty of flavor to cover the fact that I don't like bread, and just enough cheese and bacon that I MIGHT consider ordering it.    I had a glass of their merlot.    I can't remember which one it was, but it was at the top of the wine list.   I had had the pretzel bites in the past with the cheese.   That is really good if one likes soft pretzels.    Yummm for sure.     We sat away from the crowd, since happy hour was still going on.    It was a bit noisy, but we could have a conversation without having to say "What??" or shout.   There is seating on the patio with plenty of misters.    I didn't feel like taking a shower so we sat inside.   Anyway, it was cooler since the temp for the day had been 114.   Would I go again?   Probably if I was on a date.    I don't care for the fact we  have to valet park our cars, but it wasn't my problem, and they do make it especially convenient.
4	Had a great time for happy hour, great choices tried the Korean shrimp and chicken and it was great. Everyone told me to try the soft pretzel with fondue and I am glad I did. The service was really great too, can't wait to come back when its cooler and really enjoy the patio!
3	The Friday night music was AWESOME!  The atmosphere was great and really a fantastic spot to bring out of town friends as we did for the overall experience.  With The Yard just walking distance from our dinner table it made for a really fun night out.  The food however was ok.  Three of us ordered salmon dishes which could have been part of it.  Maybe fish isn't what you should get when you go there but it wasn't anything over the top that I would drive back there for.  I would however go back for the experience.  I will say though the pretzels and smoky cheese fondue was my favorite part of the meal.  A must have if you are stopping.  Music, games, atmosphere were all great.  One of the people with us ordered a sandwich that looked well done but for sandwiches I'm always heading to Ike's in Mesa from now on.  Overall a fun spot with ok food.
4	Great food- especially if you are into Italian meats & anti pasta dishes.  This is a fun place to go but the volume is loud so if you are wanting a quiet dinner spot- this isn't it.  If you want lively & fun, it's a good bet!
5	We went here last night on a whim to listen to the band Vinyl Station and they were excellent as usual.  I had no expectations and had a great time.  I dug the atmosphere and vibe.  We both will be going back.  We ordered off the antipasti menu and had the pretzel fondu as our waiter, Rocky, stated it was a favorite here.  Props to Rocky for being so attentive. We went outside to The Yard and I ordered the modified Moscow Mule at the beer garden area.  Modified, I believe meaning, they use lemon juice instead of lime and there was no copper mug, but that was unnecessary as the drink was more than appeasing.   The food will not knock you off your feet but it's pretty decent, however,  If you are looking for something a bit more eclectic, this is your place..
5	Had dinner here with friends and loved everything we had. The service was great, the food excellent.Cant wait to go back, and will follow up with better information. Great place to go with friends.
5	Trendy, Relaxing, and Really Good Food!The Culinary Dropout was recommended by a friend and is a Fox Restaurant Concept, generally known for more upscale type establishments.  The atmosphere at Culinary Dropout  is really trendy and cool, even our server had a cool name "Slade". We decided to eat outside in order to avoid a wait and to take advantage of one of the rare occasions when you can eat on the patio in Phoenix, Arizona, in August.My friends and I were famished, so we opted to order some of the house-made potato chips and the pretzels with provolone fondue.  Both of these appetizers were excellent.  I couldnt get enough of the pretzels, and if I hadn't had an entree coming, I probably would have polished off the whole order by myself.As an entree I ordered the chicken club sandwich which came with a chicken breast, ham and bacon.  It was quite good.  My lunch companions had the meatloaf, fried chciken, and mac & cheese burger and they were equally delicious.The service was perfect-our server was friendly and there at the right time every time.  We will definitely come back again.
3	We are big fans of the Fox Concepts restaurants and have been to most.  We have eaten at the Culinary Dropout  in Scottsdale several times and really enjoyed it so we were looking forward to having lunch at the one in Phoenix.    In order to park you have to use the valet (for insurance reasons, according to the valet guy).  The restaurant was dark and very loud, not the usual Fox Concepts ambiance.   Our server, Raegan, was excellent  - upbeat and  knowledgeable  She checked back several times to see how our food was. This is unusual, anymore, an upbeat, attentive server.  The food was OK , yet pricey- not the usual Fox Concepts quality that we have come to expect.   All in all, except for the server,  a disappointing experience so we will not be returning here.
3	Our friends have been dying to take us here. We went on a Friday night and the place is packed. Usually a good sign for a good restaurant. We started out with a few beers, decent selection. Bf got a jack and coke which was very watered down. We sat out in the Yard, which is very nice open area with TONS of games. Service was friendly and fast. So, for the food:Started with pretzel bites and cheese fondue. This carb filled, melt in your mouth guilt trip is DELICIOUS. Definitely a must order if you're not watching your weight. I ordered their 36 hour jalapeno molasses ribs. I was pretty disappointment. The ribs were dry and had a strange flavor. Expected something way better for $23. Boyfriend ordered the prime rib dip. The au jus was really good and the meat to bread ratio was decent. HOWEVER, they put a bunch of mayo on the sandwich, which they do not mention on the menu. Boyfriend hates mayo. Who puts mayo on a prime rib dip? He opted to the soup of the day as his side, which was actually fantastic. It was a bean, sausage vegetable soups. If you do not like big crowds, do not come here on the weekends. Great atmosphere. Hit or miss food. Will be willing to come back to try other things before giving a higher review.
5	Wow, this place was AMAZING!  I've been wanting to try this place for a while.  I've heard parking isn't great but we came for late lunch so it wasn't bad at all.  I could see it being hard to find when the place is busy tho.  Sorry I didn't take any pictures this visit, I was too busy stuffing my face with all the delicious food!  We had the pretzel bites and fondue for appetizer by recommendation of our server.  My husband devoured the fish and chips,  I sank my chops into their prime rib dip and homemade chips.  I was hesitant to try it at first but so happy I did, it's one of the best french dips I've ever had!  I hate when the meat isn't cut and cooked right,  but it was done to perfection.  We'll definitely be back!
4	This place is awesome.  A upbeat cool atmosphere with boho chic furnishings outside.  The menu is small but with enough to lure the varietal tastes of my party of 4. I had the roasted salmon and the compliment of quinoa, apples and jicama made this dish simply awesome.  Culinary Dropouts is my new favorite place.
4	Very unique, trendy atmosphere. I really liked this place. Service was great. Our server was Sally(if I remember correctly) and she had a very positive, upbeat, and professional vibe. Checked up on us enough but not overly which was perfect. We mainly ordered appetizers , which included Pretzel fondue, which was just absolutely delicious, the Antipasta, and the salmon appetizer. All the dishes were unique with their own taste. Presentation was great as well. When I am in AZ next I will definitely be back :)
4	GM and the staff thereafter was Terrific. Food was good drinks were good friends were priceless
4	Food was tasty reasonably priced, eclectic, and well prepared.Bartenders knowledgeable about the food and various libations.
2	The hostess was not able to help when we asked where our party's reserved table was located ( probably because no one updated the iPad, she was completely incapable of problem solving) So we missed the surprise for our friends b day because not a single staff member was able or willing to assist us, they avoided eye contact, one server actually pretended not to see me, I was 2 feet from her . Service ultimately was slow but friendly. The pretzel app was very yummy and the dinner was good, sliders.  The place is too big for efficiency or they need to hire problem solvers. If you have time on your hands the food is good, loud and live music too. Only 2 stars for ruining the surprise party.
4	The food was good. I had the 36 hour ribs. They had me at 36 hours. They were very tender and the jalapeno flavor was very well done. I also had the fried chips as an appetizer and they were very tasty. Plus a wide array of beer to choose from.
4	This is just a great place to go. The food, drinks and atmosphere here are just unlike anything else in Phoenix. I am always happy with the Turkey Pastrami Sandwhich and the Pretzel bites- you cannot go wrong!Make sure to get there early if you are with a large party- they do not take reservations!
4	Been two times to this outdoor oasis on 7th. Great beer selection and a really REALLY cool covered patio area with music and games. Fun place.
5	Love the atmosphere! So far we have loved everything we have ordered and I'm on a mission for the best french dip in the valley. As of right now, these guys are in the lead.
5	Our server, Ashlii... Awesome! I have always loved the food but have never wanted to rave about the service since the bartenders here are usually rude and inattentive. Ashlii was on point with everything without being overbearing or in your face every two seconds. So happy the staff has made some changes here!!! Now if only they could work on their bartenders' customer service...
4	Ashlii was our server and she was so attentive and nice. The chicken meatballs are delicious !!!
2	I cannot figure out why people like this place. Our second visit was actually worse than the first time. The food is always salty. My salad was salty. Seriously, my salad. The service was the absolute worst. After I hadn't seen our server for well over ten minutes, she appears again, I let her know we are on a lunch break, so time is a factor and we'd like to order. She says okay, and then disappears for another five minutes. No drink refills. Two stars is for the beer selection. I'll never come back.
4	very good
4	Second time here, I sat in the dining area last time and the band was so loud that I could not communicate with my dinning mates.  So we choose outside this time, it was on Halloween so it was cool to see all the costumes and everyone in the Halloween spirit.  But again the music was loud, we were screaming at each other to communicate.  I love the trend, relaxing feel.  The food is so good:  had the fried chicken (YUM).  This time I got the beef dip.  HELLO, it was shaved prime rib with au jus sauce and yummy fries.  Very moist and taste awesome.  The server was funny and very attentive.
3	It was nice.  I like the food and I like the environment.  I like the games on the patio area.  I do not like that for over an hour the patio area with the fire places was closed and completely empty.  They had it reserved for a private party on a friday night.  So there are plenty of seats but no place to sit as every other table and chair is full, except for the forty or so completely empty and unused seats in the patio area that I and my party were chased away from.
4	We had a debacle at this place, so I'll go start to finish.  We made our reservations 2 weeks ago for a party of 20 for a Birthday.  The day of, Management called to let us know someone needed to be there at 530PM for our 6PM reservation to check in,  We arrived at 530PM.  They advised us that the table wouldn't be ready until 6PM.  That was fine, we were just checking in.  6PM came and went and although there was plenty of room in the lounge, we weren't seated.  They wanted to seat us in the yard.  Unfortunately there was a crowd at our section that wouldn't leave.  Management and the server advised them numerous times they needed to move their party, but they didn't budge.  Then management even gave them free appetizers and their bills to get them moving.  About 630PM they moved us to a partial section next to these people.  There was only enough room for half our party and the other half had to stand while waiting for this group to move.  They were very drunk and had been there since 2PM.  I only know this because they made sure to tell us it was wrong of us to make them leave since they were there since 2PM.  They finally started moving out and a guy in their group came up to a women in our group holding a baby and started a fight.  Management provided us with free qpps for the inconvenience.  Not enough to feed 20 people.  But the food and our server were good.  The drinks and food are overpriced.  They do offer a brown bag special beer for $2.  It varies from Natural light to Old Style.  My aluminum bottle of Coors Light was $5.50.  The pretzel bites were really good.   They came with cheese fondue.  We also had fresh chips with onion dip.  That was really good too.  We ordered the Chicken meatballs and they were a great twist on chicken wings.  Lots of flavor and moist.  We also shared the beef dip.  It was really good too.  Again, over priced for what you get. The idea of this place is there.  They have a fresh clam/oyster bar in one section.  They have the yard which has lots of outdoor seating with heaters and fire pits.  They also have corn hole, ping pong and shuffle board, and a fun photo booth.  There is a lounge area and the bar is between the lounge and yard.  There are too many young, young people working here.  They need more of a variety.  We would go back, but only for dinner and games.
