4	You know, I don't go out of my way to hit up Los Cerritos, however I make sure to stop if I'm hungry and I happen to be in the vicinity.  Just yesterday I had an Egg, Potato, Bean and Cheese burrito for about 4 bucks and it was well above average.  It wasn't too greasy, and the eggs were even fried (as opposed to scrambled) and fried is what I prefer - score.  The tortilla was very fresh, and thinner rather than thicker.  it was a good weight, and it took a good 7 or 8 minutes to prepare even though the place wasn't busy - which is good because it means I'm most likely not going to get sick later due to undercooking; I'm always suspect when I get things too fast.Also worth noting, the man behind the counter was very friendly and thorough, and accommodated a special vegetarian request I had - hold the bacon, add beans.  Service with a smile always makes me happy:)
2	You know, I gave this place another try and I don't think I'll be going back.  My burrito was greasy in a not-so-good way, which should not have been the case considering there was nothing in there that should've caused this.As much as I'd like to give these guys a chance to change my mind again, I don't think I can do it - mainly because there is no pride in keeping the dining area tidy.  Its the least a burrito joint with a 15x15 dining area can do.
4	I was suprised this place is way better then philumberto and all the other .....umberto's places! I got a carnaesata burger witch was amazing! And I got a chicken burrito! The place was clean it's not a high end resturant and some people may think it's dirty because people have wrote on the walls, when I was there it was very clean nothing on the floors or tables. The food is inexpensive and good! I think I found my quite little mexican spot when I come to visit here!
2	Average to good food if you're hungover or drunk. Haven't eaten there on any other occasion so can't speak to that. Might have given them three stars had it not been for the STUPID ASS CURB that extends PAST the drive through window on your right therefore forcing you to drive your car along the left side of the road like we're in god damn England. I LIVE IN AMERICA, LOS CERRITOS! I INSTINCTIVELY VEER MY CAR TO THE RIGHT SIDE OF ANY ROAD I'M ON. PLEASE DON'T BLOCK MY NATURAL PATRIOTISM WITH A GOD DAMN FOUR INCH PIECE OF CONCRETE.So yeah, if you haven't guessed, I romp that curb every time I go through the drive through there and it moderately irritates me. Service is slow. Hot sauce is weak. Two stars is all they get.
4	Come on late night snacks.and.food.are perfect.after.a long.night of.partying...this place is perfect...not.only for.late.night but for anytime but.it tastes best after a fun partying.night...i love the breakfast burritos, super nachos and carne asada fries...yum yum...so bad for you but so worth it because it tastes so good...i love it...its open 24 hours so you can go anytime.day or night...this is also by the perfect place for next.day hangover...good and.greasy food always helps...just make sure you do not have an upset stomach first cuz.then it will mot help.lol...gotta love it
5	One of my big pet peeves is when people review restaurants and bitch about how dingy, etc. it is before talking about what's really important.  the food. After all, you can see what you are getting into from the parking lot and ya still went in!!!!!My pet name for places like Los Cerritos is 'El Divo', pronounced with a loooong 'i', and one of the things you can usually count on from little dives is great food. Los Cerritos doesn't disappoint. We pulled into the drive-thru yesterday morning, ordered breakfast and were treated to cheesy melty goodness wrapped up in fresh flour tortillas. My Bacon-Egg-Cheese Burrito had more bacon than anything else in it, a two fisted fattie just waiting to be crowned with green sauce. J's steak and egg burrito looked just as good. He asked me if I wanted a bite and with eyes glazed over I looked at him and said "naw, I'm doing just fine here on my own..." The dog drooled as we drove away, two hungry Mexican foodie fans quietly chewing their way to Nirvana.P.S. that trip to Nirvana is available anytime thanks to the giant "OPEN 24 HOURS" sign you can see from a block away ;-)
5	I amazes me about how people complain about a curb or the size of the place, this is about food dummies. And the food is good and the prices are cheap for what you get, which is a lot. The breakfast burritos are more than enough to fill you up and the nachos will also fill you up in one sitting.Good food, nice people serving and cooking your food.I live in this place, do go and enjoy the food, forget the rest.
3	Think of it like all of the Albertos, Albertacos, Ralibertos and the rest of the restaurants with the same menu and flavors. We love all of these restaurants - but this one didn't give enough rice in our burrito (we ordered a bean, rice and cheese burrito, but it was by far beans - disappointing).
5	Los Cerritos is a staple of my neighborhood. I was born and raised in Phoenix, and I moved away four years ago, and every single time I come back my first stop is this little Mexican food joint.I cannot be in Phoenix for more than one hour without swinging through the drive through window for the Chile Relleno Burrito. DO NOT MISS THIS! It is the perfect balance of chile, cheese, and sauce wrapped up in a warm tortilla, and it is extremely reasonably priced.It doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside the service is quick and easy and the food is good and cheap. What more could you want??
5	1 of D best mexican pleases in this town alittle jem burritos, Menudo is great
2	There are a million of these stupid burrito places, and they all taste the same. Unfortunately for this place, they always screw up my order, and don't really seem to give a shit.I always order the cali burrito, which is a carne asada burrito with french fries in it(use sparingly, kids). Its always wrong... still tastes good, but something is always missing.anyway. 2 stars
5	My coworker introduced me to this taqueria, and I am so angry with her. I cannot stop craving the al pastor, which is flavorful and aromatic, a delight to the senses! The carnitas are superior... crispy and moist, lean but not really. Lean in the way that you say things are lean to get other people to try delicious food that they might otherwise feel guilty about. Oh those carnitas? SUPER LEAN. The price is right, the few minutes that it takes for them to cook your food on demand is worth it, and they have a drive thru. Oh! 24 hours, anyone? 5 stars! Done and done.
4	Los Cerritos serves up the best California Burrito in the area! The burrito itself is HUGE and stuffed with well-cooked and seasoned carne asada, potatoes, grilled onions, melted cheese, and some herbs and seasoning that make this like no other burrito. All this in a freshly made tortilla for only $4.99! When we have a craving for Mexican food, we'll drive past the several other closer restaurants to visit Los Cerritos because the burritos are that good. I wasn't too impressed with the crunchy shredded beef taco, but the rice and beans were good and the lettuce was fresh. Now, I just stick to the burritos because they know how to make a mean burrito! Like Roland W. and Stephen B. mentioned, sure this place doesn't look like much from the outside, but don't judge until you've tasted the food. The staff here are always friendly and take their time preparing the meal (not just thrown together in 30 seconds in a tortilla like they do at the fast food chains). Los Cerritos is a small casual restaurant that serves up some tasty Mexican food!
4	Many say these drive thru Mexican food (allegedly) all taste the same. Maybe, but Cerritos people are awesome, they have milanesa prepared how u want it.  My favorite: California burrito w/pollo asado!
3	We have been eating here for the last year and it has become our fast food Mexican restaurant of choice and there are plenty of others such places to pick from. They are fast, with good prices and a friendly staff.  I just had a shredded beef taco and it tasted great with very little grease, my wife claims they have the best torta around and their carne asada burritos are real ok.For quick Mexican food it's a ok place to eat at.
5	Carne Asada Burrito and Horchata - delicious! Love that they put quac in the burritos!
3	I have been going here for years but now they have this girl who works the day shift and she has messed up my order 4 times in a row and has the worst attitude, I refuse to go there any longer as long as she is on shift. She has ignored specific request or plain got them wrong. You say thank you and she just walks away (and I have spoken to her in English & Spanish so there is no excuse) Shame because I miss the Bacon & Egg burrito.
5	Come here all the time. Not like the rest of the mexican resturants around i only rely on when im drunk. Quality  food i reccomend. I would eat here everyday if i wouldnt get fat
