5	I'm in love! Finding a good nail salon is like finding a good partner in life. They'll make you feel good, but when they piss you off, you're done! I'm so happy to report that nothing has pissed me off about this place. Heather, the owner, is so nice and talented. I have searched Pittsburgh high and low for a person that does nail art. I'm not talking about airbrush like in the old school days with fake acrylic nails. I'm talking about art on the nails. The art of painting on nail beds, etc.I want fun and she brings it, plus at a good price. CASH ONLY. But you'll get a regular mani for $20 and nail art starting at 25$. Now I'd never done gel nails before, I was hesitant because I have such horrible peeling nails, I assumed whatever I'd use would just chip instantly. I thought nothing would work on me. But FINALLY, I'm so glad to say I'm in love with the gel nails. They still look fabulous and un-chipped after two whole weeks! I'm hooked!And the nail art she does is adorable! I've come in with specific ideas and she's done them perfectly. I can't wait to see what she can do in the future! I'm addicted and will always have fancy nails now! Don't you wanna be fancy too?
5	I came here at the recommendation and glowing review of Yelp's own Rachel!  I was not disappointed.  Heather, the owner and the one who did my nails is so friendly and welcoming.  I was in the mood to get pampered and unwind and that's exactly how events unfolded.I was looking to get a gel french manicure with some nail art and was very happy with the end product.  Heather takes her time to make sure you're nails are well done.  She doesn't rush through the process and pays attention to details.  She's also a pleasure to talk with and the time seemed to fly by.  She was kind enough to look up some nail art ideas on her phone since I was a deer in headlights when it came to any ideas myself.  I mentioned that I like floral designs and was fine with having the nail art on a few accent nails.  As you can see from my picture the result was exactly what I wanted with some blue rhinestone details!It is hard to find a nail salon but look no further - head over to Perfect 10 Salon for the perfect nail experience!  Cash/Check accepted - no credit cards.  A note on how to find the location - it's right off the Greentree exit from 376 West (make a right).  It's next to Mario's Pizza.  After you see the Boston Market, keep your eyes open for the Mario Pizza sign and park in that lot.  It can be easy to miss.
5	I just had my nails done at Perfect 10! I am relocating back to Pittsburgh and have been looking for a new place to have my mani-pedi. Perfect 10 is the place. Heather was wonderful! Through great conversation we discovered we have a lot of mutual friends and are neighbors. I love my gel mani-pedi and the price is reasonable. I give Perfect 10 a perfect 10!
5	GREAT find...my new favorite nail place! Read the other reviews prior, and i needed my gel fingers and toes redone, so i took the chance...and was sooooo so happy! Wonderful work, even tho my nails are short and simple, i can never get polish to stay on, especially on my toes, my tennis shoes always rub off the polish...so gels are the best! They cost more, yes, but worth every damn dollar, they last over 1 month, no chips, no loss of shine, amazing. Perfect 10 is an awesome place, wonderful owner that is creative, patient, very meticulous. Her salon makes u feel at home and u leave happy and ready to come back! No lie...many many other salon in Pgh could use a lesson in customer service from Perfect 10! Make ur apt. now....MIND u it is a bit tricky to find...but if this dingy blonde found it, u will.
5	I went here yesterday for the first time with my sisters. That have been going to Heather for a few months and I was finally able to join them, I was not disappointed. She was so friendly and great at what she does. I got a gel manicure and the best one I've ever had, it also felt like it took no time at all. I know my sisters have gone more than three weeks between appointments and their nails still look impeccable! I have already told people to go see her. It is cash only but so many nail salons are. Definitely go to Perfect 10!
5	How my nails are done is always something I am very particular about. After one appointment with Heather, I'm sold!She takes the initiative to ask how you typically like your nails and checks to make sure they are right every step of the way.Also, there is EVERY color you could every want. Seriously, the salon is your oyster ; )After going to Asian salons for years (never thinking I would go elsewhere), my mind of officially changed. Heather is very good with conversation and actually cares about her customers,I will definitely be returning : )
