5	As a former tanning salon employee (at a different company) I was very impressed with this salon when I started going there about a year and a half ago. The girls working there really know their stuff and I signed up for a membership right away. Everyone that works there is super friendly. The salon is really clean. The beds are great too! I never leave feeling like I didn't get my money's worth. They even supply free bottles of water and hand wipes! It's a great price for a quality salon with great customer service!
4	I recently joined in order to take advantage of their current special and I am very glad that I did. I opted for 20 points $50 without monthly contract or auto charges. I believe you can mix and match the points any way you'd like and use them toward any of their beds. Stand up beds cost 2 points and are very powerful making them 10 minute maximum. The facility is clean, equipment new, and staff is friendly. It also helps that it is within walking distance from my place. Also, complimentary bottle of water! Yay!
5	The Staff here is awesome, all really friendly and place it kept clean. Best tanning place I have ever been too.
5	Favorite tanning salon I've ever been to! Always friendly & clean & prices are great. I'm in love with the hydration bed & their spray tanning machine :)
5	I like it!It's always clean, they have free bottles of water that you can grab, sometimes you have to wait sometimes not, but you can call in earlier and reserve a bed.They also have fingerprint validation so no-one will steal your tans. You can go month-to-month or you can just buy points that stay good for a very long time.
5	Great place to tan! Very clean and well priced packages. Staff is always nice!Great place to tan! Very clean and well priced packages. Staff is always nice!
5	I've been a happy customer here regularly for the past 3 years. Unlike most tanning salons I've encountered in Vegas and California...this place doesn't push packages and products on a daily basis. Instead, it feels like a little family that greets me by my name when I walk in (the owner is especially a sweetheart who cares about her clients)Most importantly, Elite Tanning is affordable and I'm obsessed with the results I get from the mystic tan (a spray tan which I find MUCH cheaper than "versa spa" which is offered at most salons). I'll be super-pale and after one session of mystic tan, I get several compliments the next day from people telling me how tan I look. When I tell them it's a spray tan, they are surprised and comment on the fact it doesn't have that typical "orange" color that spray tans are known for. that's about it. great place. Highly recommended:)
5	I came here because they have great pricing and specials. I am SO glad I did. Amazing staff, great owner! Such a positive friendly place. I am new to tanning and they are so helpful. They take the time. Forget the chains come here.
4	I have been tanning at Elite Tanning for about two months now.... I have to say I LOVE this place! They are always so friendly and helpful. They do not pressure you to purchase anything, but they are always very good at suggesting lotions and beds to suit your needs.  The place is very clean and you can tell that they definitely care about their clients!
5	Such an awesome place! I've been a member for 4yrs + now.The owners are really great down to earth people and always very helpful in choosing the best stuff for your lifestyle.Everyone has been very helpful in any of your tanning needs to rid you of those silly tan lines we all get from the many hours us sun lovers enjoy.I recommend for the best results of course to invest in less tanning time and go for the some of the better lotions and after lotions along with the platinum beds.Thanks again.
5	Love this place! Unlike most tanning salons, they don't try and push selling lotions or upgrading you every time you walk through the door. They are tremendously cheaper than other salons I've been to in town and have a great selection of beds. The staff is beyond nice and they actually care about their customers. To top it off- they have complementary water after you tan! :) highly recommend this place!
4	I've been going for the past month and have enjoyed it. Much cheaper than most places in town. They gave me a pretty thorough walk thru and explanation of hydration station and red light therapy which was helpful. The complimentary water is a plus as well. Only complaints are that I wish it was open a little later, the hydration station is usually taken (or closed after 8) unless u make an appt, and sometimes when I go in the staff is on their cell phones and a little unprofessional/young. However, the staff is friendlier than most places in town.
5	I am originally from Hawaii where you can get a tan just walking to your car. I have never gone indoor tanning before and I didn't know where to go or who to trust when I moved out here to Las Vegas. Thankfully I stumbled upon Elite Tanning. They made my very first  tanning experience the best! The staff is very friendly and helpful and the facility is very clean. I am now a huge fan of indoor tanning and continue to go here. I Highly recommend this place!
5	I've been tannin here for over five years and have sent multiple clients Xenda's (the owner) way! Best prices and beds in town !
5	First time tanning (I'm native) but since in Vegas no chance to go out and tan.  The staff here is amazing and helps you thru whole process. Everything is explained and all offers are upfront.  Friendly, knowledgable and super clean what else could you ask for ?
5	All I have to say is Zen the owner is absolutely amazing. I ended up burning myself and she kept asking me if I was taking medication I said no. Only do to I've never burned before while taking medications. Needless to say I finally looked at my bottle to realize that was why I was burning. Zen has apologized, in which I told her not to due to it was my fault I was burning. She has called me back and has set me up in the platinum package. She has been fantastic and is not even charging to upgrade me until may when I pay again to go forth with my tanning. This will be a very big reason why I go ahead and stay at this tanning salon. I believe in backing up small business owners and would rather give my money to them and not a corporation. Will not tan any place but here. Also there's no contract. Thank you zen for taken care of me.
5	I've had excellent service since day one. The staff is extremely friendly & the prices are also very affordable. Upgrading is the best! It's also kept extremely clean and the complimentary waters don't hurt!
5	I'm really liking this place!!!! Clean, nice beds....great customer service! The girls that work here are always so nice and friendly. Bring your own tanning goggles, they don't offer them to use like some tanning salons do. But you can purchase them here. They run specials pretty regularly, so give them a call and see what kind of deal you can score.
3	Clean, small. Just make sure your make an appointment otherwise you will be waiting for a long time. However, if you happen to wait for awhile they automatically give you a free tanning session.
5	Very clean and friendly salon.
5	I love this place. The owner tries to make it affordable to tan with high dollar lotions for any budget. The packages are reasonable. Try the hydration bed chamber! Nice touch giving free bottled water to your members once done tanning. They take their time to explain everything and are genuine.
5	I was really impressed by the customer service that I received from Annalee. She was kind and knowledgeable and showed me the procedures for a mystic tan in a helpful way. I switched from Palm Beach Tan and will be returning to get my spray tans at Elite Tanning from now on!!
5	Coming from Orange County where woman spend as much as a car note monthly on tanning. I can honestly say this is my favorite  tanning place ever!! Owner is super friendly down to earth as well as whole staff!! I get the top package offered and for all you get this is a GREAT price$$$ I LOVE the hydration station!!! My skin feels like silk after!!! I will never even try another place
