3	It's your standard corner store.  They carry some brand of what ever you're looking for.  May it be makeup, general merchandise, food, wine, beer, smokes, and candy.  The staff was polite and asked if you needed assistance regardless if you knew what you needed.  It is obvious that this store is well kept  as it was clean, well lit, grounds and parking lot were tidy, and the product was all faced properly.  Everything about it is convenient except for the "convenience charge" on the prices.
4	It's pretty much your standard Walgreens. However, I think it deserves 4 stars because they carry what I need, and their pharmacy services is very efficient.They carry the things I usually buy at a Walgreens, cough medicine, candy, aspirin, greeting cards, etc. It's in a convenient location, since I use Stephanie & Horizon Ridge Pkwy a lot. Whenever I fill my prescription, it's always ready when promised. My last visit, they informed me that they were only able to fill a partial of my son's cough suppressant, and that they'll be getting more in. I was impressed that they contacted me promptly when they did. Fortunately, I had enough cough syrup to last me through my son's flu. I thought that was good and efficient on their part, nonetheless. Hopefully I won't be needing it anytime soon again, but I guess I'll have it ready. Thanks for the good service!
1	Overpriced. Cashier had horrible attitude and was just plain nasty, right up there with Metro's staff. Just go across the street to Albertsons or a few blocks down to Walmart.
1	Yeah, I called the pharmacy department and the lady that answered was very rude.  I'm really glad she didn't tell me her name, otherwise I would go straight down there and give her a piece of my mind.  What is wrong with you people?  Don't just hang up the phone out of no where?? Idiots..
2	The store overall is fine. If I need something at the last minute, I can rely on finding it here. The prices are slightly higher but if you shop the ads and use coupons you can get a better deal. The employees are cordial and checking out is pretty quick.  The pharmacy is what I have a problem with.I like the convenience of their online service and the drive thru. The staff is helpful and they do follow thru when there are problems with getting your prescriptions refilled.My concern is the accuracy of dispensing the medications.  I have been shorted a pill here and there. Once there was a typo error, lucky I caught and questioned it. They need stricter security measures too when picking up meds. Sometimes they ask you certain questions, sometimes they don't. There's such a high turnover rate of pharmacy staff here. It's never the same employee I deal with so how do they know they are giving the meds to the right person? It's pretty unsettling to the point I'll be switching to a different pharmacy.
1	This place is fucking terrible. The people running the pharmacy are extremely rude and unwilling to help there favorite line is "sorry I cant fill that"... not only happened to me but with several people I wait for in the slow lines. Secondly the cashiers are EXTREMLY rude. one in particular older woman looks in her older 50's wears glasses she is to busy talking to her friends in store or not even paying attention to you when you check out and acts like you are bothering HER. I try to let things like that slide because I know how working in retail is but since this is near where I live I have had to deal with her several times and she is just an out right lazy bitch. Some of the ladies are nice and attentive but she is terrible....
1	Like a previous reviewer stated, the store is fine. Typical Walgreen's. The pharmacy, however, never seems to have ANYTHING in stock. Plus we've even been told that the other Walgreen's has what we need but they wouldn't transfer it bc they had already requested it there. Does that even make sense? Anyway, we usually have to wait one full day before we can get what we need. Don't even know why we still go there.
5	Always go here for quick pickups. Anyone complaining about the price doesn't own a car and Walmart is far for the bus or walking.The staff is pleasant and helpful.Perfect? No but does what it is intended too.
