3	Tried the new Avondale location, food was pretty good (really did like the chips & salsa (especially the hot), but the decor.... wow, that was really disappointing and not my style.  It's another solid selection in the area, but not something I will go way out of my way to go to.
5	I live in LA and am SO EXCITED that "Carlos" has opened a new location that I can stop off in on my way to visit family in Phoenix.  Their food is one of the things I look forward to most when I get back to Arizona, even if it's only a few times a year - I can't visit without getting a #13 combination to go.
1	Very very very very disappointed.  I'm a big fan of Carlos O'Brien's and was excited to see them come out here.  We finally made a visit last week, and I wish I hadn't.  First we should have left when we walked in, the atmosphere feels more like a school cafeteria then a restaurant.  Chips were alright, salsa was straight from the Pace Picante jar.  I ordered the spinach enchiladas which I was told came with black beans (arrived with refried beans that were overcooked around the edges from sitting under a heat lamp.  Not that I planned to eat them anyway, I wanted the black beans but the sight was disgusting. It was enough to distract me momentary from the dirty plate though.  And about the enchilada, I couldn't actually locate them on my plate there was a large pile of what appeared to be spinach queso but no tortillas (a key part of enchiladas for those unclear).   The rest of my party had chimichangas, one chicken fajita and one green chili, I was told both were "alright" neither were finished. I complained to the waitress about mine, the manager was sent over and barely spoke English and seemed to have no idea how to handle an unhappy customer (something I think he should get used to) the item was removed. As it should be since it wasn't eaten.  We won't go back, between bad service,bad food, and bad ambiance it's lucky it gets the star.
3	Stopped by for lunch. The dinning room did remind me of a school cafeteria but it's the food you came for. The chimi was good but could of used a little more green sauce. It was lots better once you dump a bunch of salsa on it.Good deal for the money on the lunch menu. Real good deal if you find the 50% off ad in the local paper.
5	I have loved this place for 30 years!  Some of the best Mexican food in the State!  This new location certainly doesn't disappoint. Long happy hours. Lunch specials until 5pm. Incredible food with extremely generous portions. You have to try the Green Chili Burro Enchilada Style. The little bit of everything combo is good too.  The place is located in the new Sports complex just south of the freeway and north of Van Buren on Avondale Ave.  It was a bit difficult to find the first visit. As mentioned by a previous reviewer, the decor is pretty plain Jane, but the food and service are as good as you will find anywhere.
2	Meh.Being new to the area, we had heard great things about this chain.  When they arrived in Avondale, we tried them out.  Food was only okay.  Salsa was unremarkable and like what you'd get from a Tostitos-branded jar at the Fresh & Easy across the street.  The service was very slow, even in bringing us chips.  It was rather loud.  And the ambiance was a cross of Ikea and nouveau K-Mart cafeteria.Cool setting, though.  I'm a fan of the Avondale Sports Complex.  Great setting for families and team sports.
1	I loved the Carlos O'Brien in Phx.  I thought it would be the same.  NOT!  The place is nice and new.  Service was ok.  Food was just flat not good.  Got combo #15, chicken chimy with queso, rice & beans.  Bland, bland, bland...  My hubby got their one of their specials (2) corn beef taco.  OMG, the total for 2 tacos was $18.04 (no price was posted on their special list on the table).  Since it is a St. Patrick's Day special, we thought $5 to $6.  He said he did not like them at all.  The shells had a weird taste and the corn beef was not flavorful at all.  Lesson learned:  Always ask for pricing if not listed!
4	Fantastic awesome tacos! Decent deals for happy hour/lunch specials and I would highly recommend the $2 tacos on Tuesdays (2 tacos would satisfy all but the hungriest of eaters). Very quiet for our two lunch visits although it's not exactly a bustling location in general. Service was fast and the other food entrees that we've tried have been good - chimichanga, pollo fundito, etc all were as expected.
3	Large portions and fast service.  The decor could be nicer, but still a good experience.   Certainly not my favorite mexican restaurant, but it's close to my house.  Meh.
3	Bland. If you enjoy chain restaurants with watered down Mexican flavor, then this is the spot for you. Ordered a chix chimi, which had a small amount of chix which was barely seasoned; the verde chille sauce was watered down. The sopapillas, save your money & calories. The plus - convenient location off freeway, outdoor patio, a "sports" bar and the food was fresh.
1	This place makes Macayos taste authentic.  In a city full of incredible Mexican food, how do places like this stay in business?  Salsa is from either a can or jar.  C'mon guys, even this fat white boy from MN can make killer salsa in 10 mins.  Chicken chimi covered in chili con queso sauce had no spice or flavor.  Beans tasted a week old.  Rice was good.  The only thing Mexican in here is my waiter and I'm sure he doesn't eat this slop.  Skip this place and head to Raul and Theresa's!!
3	Visited again and things have improved.  Service is quicker.  The food we had tasted better.  And they seem to be making some small decorative improvements.  Adding back a star...
1	Very underwhelmed with this place. When my friend and I walked in on a wed evening, the place was just about empty. We sat at the bar, and something just felt off about the place. It could have been cause the presidential debate was on...I dunno. Anyhow, service could def be better. The bartender greeted us and asked for our drinks. As we were going to give the selection, another worker (possible manager) started talking to her. So we just sat there, waiting for him to finish before we could order.  She brought chips and salsa. The chips were warm, but the salsa left a lot to be desired.  The manager dude kept talking to her, so we had to wait for drinks. Again...there really wasn't anyone in there, and we had to wait. So finally we get to order food. I got the taco salad, he got a quesadilla. Food comes out, and we don't have silverware which she acknowledges. She went to get it, but again the manager dude starts talking, so again were waiting. 5 min later, and after asking another waiter for it, she finally delivers. Taco salad was bland. Meat barely had any flavor, and the taco shell was somewhat stale. Prices weren't all that great either, and both meals were not worth what we paid for. Will not be going back and I don't recommend you even waste your time here.
1	Go to Manny's on Ind Sch & El Mirage! Soooo much better food & drinx
2	This place needs to step it up from taste to service.
1	Loved the Phx location and figured this one would be just as good. Bland food and  bad service was all we found here. Agree it felt like an elementary cafeteria. Loud and sound echoed. Even the chips and salsa failed. Skip it. Either Phx location or up to Carolina's. won't be back here.
2	I have had way better. The chips are boring. The regular salsa tastes like it was out of a jar or possibly just not seasoned very well. The hot salsa tastes like spicy ketchup got mixed into some salsa. The refried beans are probably canned (just judging by the way they curdle on the plate almost immediately) and the rice is nothing to write home about. I had the green chili burro enchilada style with green sauce. I'm not sure what in that was seasoned weird (possibly the sauce, but it may have been the green chili pork) and it just did NOT taste like Mexican food. I didn't really care for it at all and left 2/3 of my burrito untouched. My mom goes there regularly and gets a burrito filled with veggies covered in red sauce. The red sauce is much better than the green sauce. The veggies taste awesome - especially the carrots - and she really like it. My step-dad gets a spinach enchilada which he really likes.I am not really keen on going here again. Everything but the veggies in my mom's burrito was so... bland.It did not taste like "real" Mexican food to me. Not even Amercanized Mexican food. I am sure I will go again because my mom likes it, but I will be sharing her veggie burrito and staying far away from the green chili pork.
2	My husband and I went today to Carlos O'Brien's in Avondale. Normally we would go to the 12th St & Northern Ave location, however this was one was closer to us so we thought Yahhh... We got 2 lunch specials. I got #C  -- Chicken Chimi with red sauce. My husband got a burrito w/ red sauce. Okay service was good, place was bright, clean and nice deco....However the food fell a little flat, not what we were exactly expecting. The salsa was watery and no punch, bland. My food had no spices and no punch to it. My husband says his was okay but not great like he is used to. In fact we agreed on the food bring more suited for white people (no offence - by the way my husband is white and I am Latina).. It was very bland, no flavor. The Northern Carlos's food is better, it has flavor you can actually taste. We may try it again, but then again maybe not.
1	Overpriced bland mexican food. Atmosphere doesn't fit the place and feels awkward. I was really surprised to find that even during happy hour my girlfriend and I had a $49 tab for 2 meals and 3 drinks. I would avoid this place at all costs. I mean you are on the westside of the valley where you are not more than a stones throw in most any direction for really good mexican food. It's akin to going to somewhere like Kansas and having mexican food where the average patron has no idea what traditional mexican food tastes like. No bueno.
4	about my 4th or 5th time here.....service is great....food has been great everytime.had the lunch combo  taco, enchilada beans n rice $8.95  tastes great  wish it was cheaper for lunch but that is nothing more than sign of the times.  good salsa  mild and hot  chips are good, but could be warm.they are in a 'tough' location  but well worth a visit,  have not been disappointed will post pic.
3	Certainly room for improvement. I did however enjoy my fiesta salad without the dressing. The salsa was a bit bland. I believe I had the best meal from others in our party. I base this assertion from their comments about the food.
1	Food was absolutely horrible. My wife and I went there thinking it would be good, we were wrong. I ordered a chimichanga but did not receive that. They had to remake the food. When I received it the taste was bland and had no flavor. I will not return there.
3	Good food, good prices, the service is a little slow, though. They have a lot of combos to choose from and their a la carte menu is decent. The location is great, though. Being right next door to the Avondale Sports Complex is very convenient. You can grab a bite to eat while your kids are at practice or a drink to celebrate after the game.
3	Good food, servers need a bit of training!  There were two that worked the rest seemed lost.
1	Definitely not the same as the one on Northern! This place has a bad sewer smell as soon as we walked in. The waiter seems pissed he has to be here.  Bad service. The burrito was cold and watery.
1	This is probably the worst Mexican food I've had since we moved to Phoenix Arizona. The food was very bland and the service was not very good either. We will not be back.
