4	Ok, so water pump on VW went south. Bye, bye! Code P0117 BTW. Ok, so it happens, never a good time for such thing to happen. So, i sober up , wipe my nose and start calling for prices. $1150, $795, $950 - OUCH, OUCH and OUCH! Ohh wait $650? And you can have it done tomorrow? And you only really work on quirky VWs and Audis and certified VW tech? And i do not even need to come with the car (Its on the tow truck at that point)? Ok, i am sold!So, my Bugger gets towed to Steven's shop (Its owners/operators name). He calls me back when truck arrives and lets me know car is safe and sound and that he is going to jump on it in the morning and should be done by 5pm tomorrow. Ok, sounds good.Tomorrow rolls around. Of course, i am inpatient and i call them about 2pm - All good we are smoothly wrenching on it. Will it be done by 5? Yeah, it should or we'll call you not to come for it. Great!So, we jump in my Subaru and get there about 5pm. Owner outside. Its a small shop with bunch of vw, audi, bmws outside. WOW Busy for such small place, cool. My Bug is on the lift humming away. Is it done? Yes. Is it fine? Yes. All went smooth? Yes. Ok great, leeme pay for it. We go in the office and take care of payment, where Steve shows me old water pumps he removed and saved to demonstrate this common VW problem. By the time we done car is outside and ready for us to take him home. All in all it was pretty nice experience - good price, small shop (I do not favor those huge industrial repair facilities), honest service, pleasant owner. What else could one want? I just wish they hosed off the engine or something, it smelled like antifreeze all the way home. Thanks Steve and your guys. Bug is happy and running fine. "I like"Eugene
5	I've had two great experiences with Independent Auto:1. Car broke down in middle of desert. Towed it to CarMax, which lacked the computer to fix an Audi. Brought it to Steven and Donovan who fixed things up, and made sure the CarMax warranty paid for most of the work2. My car is a convertible and it needed a new roof. I found a great deal over the internet and they were able to install it in a day. (My car has never looked better) Net/Net: I've never had a better experience with a car repair shop.
5	I have two Volkswagen Golf TDIs that I own and love and trust Steven (the owner) of Independent Auto to always do top notch work on.  I've taken both my cars there many times over the past few years. Most recently when I hit a rock and busted open the oil pan I towed my car to IAS and they had it fixed in less than a day with a new oil pan and a new aluminum skid plate to protect my car from future evil rocks. I've also had my car towed there when it started overheating on the freeway, and they had it fixed up in no time with a new fan. Other work I've had them do is replace timing belts, water pumps, brakes, and probably other things that I don't remember right now. The point is that I'd trust them to fix anything on my VWs and know that it will be done right.I also give them kudos for always being easy to get a hold of. Some shops never answer the phone or call back and that is beyond frustrating.
5	I have a VW TDI that I adore but frankly I know nothing about cars. Lucky for me Steve and the guys at Independent Auto know everything there is to know. I have taken my car there numerous times with fast and quality results. I have such trust in them I keep their number programmed in my phone just in case of an emergency as they have always been reliable and helpful.  As a woman who tends to be intimidated taking my car in to the shop, these guys make the process comfortable and easy.  I would highly recommend them to anyone with a VW.
5	I run a local VW club that focuses on VW TDIs (diesels).  After having some poor experiences with various dealers' service, I needed to find a new option for servicing my VW.  Independent Auto is only one of a handful of places I would trust to work on my car.  What separates Steve and his shop from the others is the service.  Steve's technicians know what they are doing.  The phone is always answered quickly when I call and the work has always been done on time.  Finally, it's always been done at the price that was quoted...no surprise charges.  If you have a VW or Audi give Steve a call and get your car treated right!
5	This place rocks!  I drive from LA to get my Passat serviced - all of them are great and reliable and fair.  I have not found a better place so I will continue to drive 350 miles for repairs.  Good job Steve and Donovan.  Keep up the great work - Brian Ellenberger - Los Angeles - proud owner of:1995 Cabrio2001 Passat1970 Karman Ghia
5	Fantastic service, great staff. 2000 GTI GLX. Being without a good, reliable, fair mechanic is not cool, but hey, that's not a problem for me because I found Independent Auto; satisfied customer since 2008.
5	I went here after a VW dealership tried to rip me off for some service. Found out it was minor and they fixed it for free. Steve and his team are extremely thorough and they guarantee all their parts and labor.  I keep coming back because they are honest and quick...they're prices are reasonable and the people are cool also! I wouldn't go back to the dealership for any more repairs.
5	If you live in Phoenix, and own a Volkswagen or Audi, these are the only people who should be working on it.  Fair and reasonable prices, thorough explanations of service, and competent technicians.  All mechanics should be this good.
5	If you own a VW you need to do yourself a favor and come to Independent for service! Paul is a very honest guy which is a lot better than what I can say about many of the dealerships in the area. Timing belt and water pump for 850 on a 2004 Jetta TDI. Plus he fixed a glow plug problem that Larry Miller was going to charge 400 for, for free!!Seriously the best Garage I have dealt with period!
5	Just want to say that I never, ever, nerver give five stars. IAS definitely blew me away with their professionalism, timely repairs and general knowledge about VW's. If you live in a 400 mile radius of the valley and own a VW or Audi take your car to this place but the other reviewers already said this.I took my VW in for the dreaded 40k and the gave me a extremely fair price. It was about $150 less than my best quote (from a non dealer mechanic the dealer was even more money). Because I love to list this review will follow suit (list is in order of most important to less important):1. I was treated with respect. Because mechanics have way more knowledge about cars than your average joe they can easily make you feel dumb. These guys never once made me feel dumb, and anything I didn't understand they quickly and clearly explained it to me. 2. They gave me a very fair price. My 40k was a belated service for my car, because I didn't want to pay the exorbitant prices charged by other mechanics. IAS's first quote was my best quote by far.3. They're VW & Audi specialists which means they know a ton about these awesome, but often very idiosyncratic cars. I've gone to non-vw specialists and these folks are clearly way better.4. My car was finished on the same day. I'm fine waiting for good work to be done but these guys did good work in a timely manner. 5. Attentive to details. They did a few extra things to my VW that weren't on the list of stuff for the 40k but didn't charge me. To me this is going the extra mile to provide good customer service. Overall I would recommend this auto-shop to anyone with car problems irrespective of the make and model. They'll treat you fair and give you good service. If I had to say one negative thing, I'd say I wish they were located in Austin rather than Phoenix but that's, of course, not their fault. I may drive the 1020 miles to get my car serviced in the future.
1	This is a very dishonest business. My husband and I left our car for a service and the day we went to pick it up they told us that our  car was vandalized and that someone damage our convertible top and stole our radio, Steve told us that they are not responsible for any damage and that they will NOT pay for anything, now we have to pay for the service, plus the convertible top and our radio which was a nice brand. I am very disappointed for their rude service and never getting back to them. We also found out that the next day that our car was vandalized another car was  too and their insurance doesn't cover those types of damages. Be careful if you are leaving your car for a service, they don't have a big garage to cover all the cars they have for repairs for that reason they have to leave them unprotected and can be vandalized as ours.
5	I took my 03 Audi A4 to Independent Automotive for a second opinion on a repair job that another shop had recommended. I just didn't trust this other shop, and Independent just happened to be right across the street. Paul and Steve were SO helpful... Steve kept my car over night so he could get it up on the lift and take a proper look at it, stating that he wanted to rule everything else out before he just assumed it was what the other shop quoted me. It was his honesty and thorough work that has earned them a new customer for life!! And the prices they offer are WAY lower than any Audi or VW dealership and most of the other European shops in the Valley! If you own a German car, do yourself a favor and bring it here for maintenance and repairs!!
5	Being new to Phoenix, we didn't have a trusted mechanic for our Audi but now we do! After looking at the reviews I decided to try and Independent Auto Services and boy was I pleased! It was far away from where I work & live but totally worth the detour that I had to take. They were honest on what was wrong with the car, very flexible on scheduling appointments. Paul and Steve are really nice and they make sure the car is properly repaired before giving it back to you. If your Audi is sick, just go here and save yourself the trouble of going to 10 other mechanics to figure out that these are the guys that will fix your Audi.
5	I'll make it simple. This shop is the cold nuts. If you have a VW take it here. I'll never take my VW anywhere else. Period.My son's Jetta was stolen. They found it on 19th Ave & Buskeye. Big surprise huh?Any way Independent removed the tranny, replaced the clutch and pressuure plate put it back in and we had it back in three days. THREE DAYS! I won't discuss cost because no job is identical but I will say that we felt very good about what our out the door costs were. Heck, they even threw in a missing oil cap for nothing.
5	Wanted to wait a few weeks before posting a review, but since the service, everything is running smooth.  Replaced thermostat on 06 Passat, for much less than the dealer and within $10 of their estimate.  Great guys working there, let me know exactly what was being done and how long it would take.  I'll definitely be returning for scheduled maintenance.
5	I recently had the check engine light come on, on my 2006 Passat out of the blue. I was going to take it to a dealership next to my house in Scottsdale, but after I saw the reviews and bad experiences we have had with almost every business we have come in contact with in Scottsdale, I sought out other options. This is when I ran across this little repair shop. I have to say, I am very happy with the result and am looking forward to coming back soon to gear up my car with some upgrades. PS. They took a look at my car and diagnosed the problem for free! All it cost me was 25 bucks for the fuel cap since that is what the issue was. IT would of cost me 100 more at a VW dealership if not more, and chances are they would of screwed something up.
3	Took a vehicle in about month ago I found communication between staff lacking which increased my cost close to another 400 dollars. Engine light came on again they basically wanted to change parts until  the right part would keep engine light off. Independent did negotiate with me on a few things to satisfy me. I would go back for general work. But anything real technical maybe not, they might be lacking sophisticated  diagnostic  equipment  to get right the first time. So three stars it is.
5	We have a 2006 VW bug hat had a burnt out headlight (padiddle punch buggy i think is the professional term...)- called in the  morning, came right in and was out in about a half hour.  Will def come back for anything major!
5	Great advice, did an excellent and prices at way below what the dealer quoted.
5	I cant say enough good things about this place.  My daughter is a college student at ASU and drives a 2005 beetle convertible.  We are from Hollister CA. She had some trouble with her vehicle and needed to be towed in.  She had previously had over 3600.00 worth of work at a local dealership. (wiring harness, battery, ect) 8 months later she started having problems and we were referred to independent automotive. They were so honest and helpful after diagnosing the vehicle they told us it should still be under warranty and did not want to charge us for a new battery since it was recently replaced. She went back to the dealership 2 times and they could not help her. After multiple visits to the dealership she went back to independent and Lee replaces the battery at no charge to us and said he would take it up directly with the vendor. The car had been perfectly fine since then. It makes it very hard to find honest people to work with 20 year old students when parents are out of state.  This place is great and I would not take her beetle anywhere else. They are HONEST and GREAT at what they do!
5	As a young petite woman, I dread dealing with condescending mechanics, and particularly dealerships. I was SO delighted to find Independent Auto on Yelp. These guys are punctual, professional, and their estimates (time and cost) are spot on every time.I've dealt primarily with Lee, who is quiet, respectful, and knows his stuff. My '10 Jetta Wolfsburg is still under powertrain warranty, and Lee advised me that a tranny problem I was experiencing was actually quite common and should be covered under my powertrain - but I'd have to go to the dealer. (Groan.)After several days, the dealer still couldn't duplicate the problem, and I was beyond frustrated with the rep's flippant attitude. I called Lee, described what was happening, and asked for advice. He told me to ask to drive my car with the mechanic riding along to duplicate the issue, and told me if they wouldn't agree to that, I should call VW corporate, who would definitely take care of me.He assured me the issue was totally legit - and that I was not hallucinating, as the dealer seemed to think. I was so impressed that Lee helped me nail down a fix when he didn't stand to make a dollar on the repair. After the dealer's mechanics got on the phone with corporate "super mechanics," they eventually traced the problem to the mechatronics unit in the transmission - which was not only covered under warranty, but it was exactly what Lee had diagnosed in the first place.
5	Independent Automotive Services have been servicing my vehicles for years. I can truthfully say that every experience I have had with Independent Automotive Services has been positive, Thanks!
5	Overall great experience- very fast, easy to get appointment, clear communications, car was ready exactly when they said it would be, and simply a great group of people to interact with.
5	After an expensive repair to my vw beetle last summer, I was more than bummed when the dealership service department told me it was going to be a grand to be able to drive again. A couple months of saving and some mechanic shopping, I stumble into this really clean facility where they fix all of these problems for only 488.88! And writhing about 5 hours!   Not only that, but they were genuinely friendly and relaxed and the shop was clean and didn't smell(like all the other ones seem to). They gave me prices of everything else I asked for, so I could save to purchase a new 700 dollar timing belt. I just felt really good about this service! I will definitely be back whenever I need a service done! HIGHLY recommend this place
5	Great guys. Very helpful and accommodating. Priced better than the dealership. We had all of the fluids flushed in our Touareg on the day I called. They will tell you if you don't bee something and save you money. Thanks!
5	Really helpfulSqueaking front brakesHad come back few timesBut they more reasonable than dealership in repair costs.Mike at the front desk is super nice.  A coffee machine for people waiting or some sodas wouldn't hurt, but I feel comfortable taking my TT there!!! Good place!!
