5	If i could give this place a gazillion stars i would... the service is spotty, and the decor is nothing special, but my god the food is to die for if you like authentic, bad for you Mexican food. the family that owns this place is from Globe, and i hear that city is known for some damn good mexi food (other than that it's pretty much a dump).when i walk in this joint, it smells like my grandmother's kitchen, and that makes my mouth start watering on the spot. the refried beans are unbelievable and the tortillas are huge, with the brown spots on them that let you know their homemade in house. (p.s., if you don't know, Mexican food is supposed to be made with lard, so if you're vegan, be wary of this spot, because this is def a lard-use mexi joint)i keep it simple with a red tamale and a bean and cheese burrito. the price is on par with a place like Macayo's. $8 for the plates that would have say, two tacos and beans and rice. and single items range from $3.99 and up. be warned, the first bowl of chips is free, "thereafter you pay." i know that's lame, but what can you do? they have the food equivalent of crack and they know it. i seriously love this joint!
3	After reading Lauren's review, I made it a plan to go to Casa Reynoso.  It was totally worth the trip.This is one of those restaurants that looks like it's been there longer than the rest of the strip mall.  Tucked in a corner of the complex with a big wooden door, you definitely know this isn't your standard strip mall spot.  The decor is definitely simple.  But that's not really why you're there.  I totally thought of Lauren's Grandma when that smell hit me on the way in the door.  (See Lauren V's review)  It did similar for me - remembering my neighbor's house.  I loved even walking by the house on a big cooking day.  Service was ok.  I was definitely assisted by kids of the owners.  He both played host and then sat down to take someone else's order. Actually pulled over a chair.  None of the other wait staff did anything like that so I'm thinking he had nothing to lose.  Chips are made on site though at first I wasn't sure because they look TOO perfect.  TOO triangular. And - they were completely cold when they got to me.  Now I know some folks will just use heaters to keep them warm, but I can't help it - I like warm chips.  The Salsa was simple, and not too hot at all.  It was ok with the chips - but it really hit it's high note when put on the taco!  Their menu is super simple.  Like 6 combinations, 1 steak, 2 soups, 2 salads (1 of those is "dinner salad") and then ordering a la carte.  That's about it.  So I got a taco/enchilada combo.  It was good, but honestly it was so temperature/hot I couldn't really taste anything until about 10 minutes into the meal.  I know it sounds bizarre, but I'm completely serious!! So I thought it was ok when I started eating, but it wasn't until I was finishing up that it really tasted great.  Update 5/29/7 - After coming here several more times, I'm downgrading it from a 4* to a 3*.  I've only only had one good server ever.  The food is always fine, but different things I've tried have never been outstanding.  It's like a 3.25 star place to me now.  Fine, maybe a bit better than that, but not by too terribly much.
3	Went here for dinner last night with a family friend in from out of town and a few others. This used to be one of her favorites when she lived here.It's homey. It's old school. The menu is far more limited than your average Mexican joint. And I have had everything at least a little better somewhere else. No one raved (or even commented) about their food except for the cheese crisp we shared and her chile relleno. Oh, and they raved about the cheesecake I made and brought in for my friend, of course. Even the waitresses begged for a piece, which doesn't speak well for their own desserts.Service was fine and our drinks were constantly filled. We might return if we find ourselves across the street at Pets Inc and hungry for Mexican.
5	Casa Reynoso is habit forming.  We come here at least once a week.  This is the best Mexican food that this native Arizonan has ever had.  Some of our favorites...bean burro enchilada style, beef tacos (I'm always wishing that I ordered two when I'm half way through my first), the gollo burro, machaca beef burro enchilada style, buttery homemade tortillas....Yum!  My only complaint is that they are not open on Mondays and sometimes I get a hankering for Mexican food on Mondays that cannot be satisfied elsewhere.   We love that it is family owned and that they all make us feel like we're part of the family.  Our favorite server is Erica - she had our order memorized after the first time.  The margaritas are tasty and the beer is cold!  The atmosphere is casual, the food is tasty and the prices are reasonable.
2	For me it was just OK. I'm a big fan of New Mexico style red vs. green chile sauce debates, so I was excited to see that this is one local place that seems to offer a lot of red/green choices. However while there's a decent mix of offerings, the sauces themselves were simply ho hum. Not bad, but not "wow." If you live near and need a Mex fix, this place would work for some of the basics, but not really a place to journey.  I did like the hominess factor, but service was a bit slow as well.
5	There are 2 towns East of Phoenix called Globe and Superior. This area has awesome Mexican food. And a local family moved their business to Tempe. This restaurant is very casual, and a bit of a hole in the wall... it is located in a strip mall. Don't be fooled, it has delicious food! I highly suggest the goyo burro (I think that is the way it is spelled??).
2	Went here for lunch and opened the place up at 11AM. It is a very casual spot, with very decent prices. Started off with the traditional chips and salsa. Chips were ordinary and the salsa was a bit watery for my taste. I had the Gollo burro. Very good. I don't know of too many places that serve this style, but I'm into it. The restaurant is located in the corner of a strip mall next to a fry's supermarket and behind the Jack-in-the-box. Inside, it's actually surprisingly spacious, and we had plenty of room in the booths. I'd go back, but there are way too many spots I have ranked higher that it may be a while. Decent, but not outstanding. Maybe I'm picky...
2	Boring, expensive, and now I know why I've not eaten here after 22 years in the valley. The salsa and chips were the highlight. Enchilada tasted like nothing, enchilada sauce would have been better if it came out of a can, chili rellanos were OK, maybe less than OK. Prices were high for the quality and quantity. Do yourself a favor and visit Juan's instead. Quite a crowd here for a Friday night, and why? El Rey in Globe has much better Mexican food, the rest of the Globe-Miami area isn't exactly a mecca of Mexican food so the review of best of Globe-Miami isn't a ringing endorsement.
4	I'll be the first to admit, I haven't really had the best of luck with Mexican food in this town. For some strange reason, a lot of the restaurants that I've visited around here have really fallen short of my expectations, much less, they continued to prove to me that you CAN actually F something as simple as chicken up if you try hard enough (Manuel's, I'm looking at you!). Needless to say, with my track record as of late I was a little hesitant when a friend of mine recommended that we do lunch at Casa Reynoso. Despite my initial hesitation, I'm glad I took his word for it because this place exceeded my expectations in almost every way. The location was low-key and unassuming, clean, and had your typical Mexican restaurant atmosphere (including the music accented with accordion...something I'll never really get). The hostess, who was exceptionally cute by the way, not only helped us to our table, but also did double duty as a cashier, and then rounded out the triple play as our server. The chips and salsa were good, although as other reviews have stated, they do charge you beyond the first bowl. Apparently I was feeling adventurous, since I ordered not one, but TWO chicken dishes...I had a combo plate with a chicken enchilada, a chicken taco, and double rice as I don't mess with beans. The meal was solid, my favorite part was the enchilada with big chunks of tender, white meat chicken on top. The enchilada sauce had a hint of brown sugar, as my friend pointed out, and was different but good. The taco was decent too, with a crunchy shell that wasn't soggy from grease like most other places. Our server kept our glasses full, but sadly, disappeared by the end of the meal. Perhaps they decided to have her try her hand in the kitchen as well... Nonetheless, a solid four star experience and I intend to return in the future.
4	Let me help you out here: Gollo burro, green style. Chicken enchilada lunch special, green style. There. Don't worry about anything else on the menu. Trust Aunty Erica to lead you along the path of good taste. These are the five-star, absolutely stellar staples of this establishment.Now I have to admit that at first introduction many years ago I would have rated this place no higher than two stars. The service was spotty (as has been mentioned before) with a couple folks doing quadruple duty as wait staff, busser, host(ess), and cashier. The red sauce was forgettable, the ambiance nearly non-existent and the menu limited. But like a good mold (think high quality blue cheese) Casa Reynoso grew on me. This place is now at the top of my short list of fave lunch spots in Tempe.The service is a little slow, but come here on the reg and you will be greeted by name and your usual order remembered. The fact that it's a family run joint is the reason why everyone does double time during the lunch rush. The ambiance is a little dated but it's quaint, and the amount of heart this establishment has compared to any other fast food Mexibertos or bland, hot garbage like Macayos is unmatched.This is Arizona-style Mexican food, make no mistake about it. The Mecca of Mexican food is rooted firmly in Mexico and this place is the Copper State's take on it. Mounds of freshly pressed tortillas and chips made from snowy white peaks of manteca (lard), fresh salsa with the perfect amount of spice, green sauce that will blow your mind and rice an' beans that are good enough to stand on their own.Just remember: Gollo burro, green style. Chicken enchilada lunch special, green style.You're welcome.
3	Service is often pretty crappy, but their food is good.  The Gollo burro is one of their specialties, getting it "green style" is key.  My family and I ordered take out from there a couple weeks ago and they definitely skimped on the portions.  My bean burrito barely had anything to it and my side of rice was only a couple bites.  Kind of frustrating.  Usually bad service can be easily forgotten by good food and decent prices, but I think I will keep my trips to Casa R to a minimum.
3	food is good AZ style Mexican food. i have been there 3 times,the food was better then lets say Filberto's or someburros down the street. i do have to say 1 time i stood there for 15 20 mins to pick up my food. but 1 time i took my wife n kids there were fast and did not take much time to sit and eat. so its so so there is better and much worse around!
4	Tucked in the corner of a fry's strip mall - a 1980s type of Mexican food sit down joint that is family owned and family run. Hav been there a dozen times or so and have enjoyed it every time. The goyo burrito is pretty dang good - the a bean and cheese with a requested green chili add in is dang nice too. Good rice. Great red sauce. Fun to be there, family ran.
5	Great service and wonderful authentic Mexican food. I've been living in this neighborhood for years and just discovered this treasure today.
5	This is my favorite 'sonora styled' mexican food in the entire valley of the sun. Its family owned and operated by the same people that own La casita out of Mammoth and Globe, and the food is notoriously 'the best!"Watch out on Friday nights as the teenagers pack it up, and they are closed on Mondays. Try the number 8 combo for a perfect place consisting of a combinations burro, Chili Rejeno, and cheese Enchilada. MUI DELICIOUSO!
2	After reading the Yelp reviews I took my family here (they are visiting from out of state). I really would have been better off going to Garcia's or one of the other chains. I really prefer to support locally owned business, but only if they are at least trying. The service here is poor. The waitress was good enough--she just did not have enough help. You can tell the place is pinching pennies--for instance, they charge for extra chips in addition to understaffing the place.The food, with one exception, everyone agreed was average. The exception was the menudo, which my wife said was super excellent. Nothing was bad, it is just that nothing other than the menudo stood out. I really wanted to like this place better--especially since everyone counts on me to find the good places and I told everyone a locally owned place was bound to be better than the chains. Oh well, at least Luigi's Pizza was good at dinnertime today. One out of two for the day.
4	if you love and remember Don Jose's, you'll like this place.the food is average and they do charge extra for chips and salsa (which is good and spicy!), but there's something about this place that keeps us coming back. i finally tried the bean burro last night, and it is the reason for my Don Jose's reference. i have been searching for beans like that for years and i FOUND THEM HERE!!!!!!!!!! in short, i've tried several things on the menu, the bean burro is by far my favorite with the joanne special a close second.
3	We went here somewhat often because we lived in the neighborhood. The food is alright. It's never too busy and the service is fast. Pretty cheap. Regular margaritas are small, so get the large.
5	All you need is a jug of their secret recipe salsa, a large Joanne special cheese crisp, and the Gollo burro wet with green sauce. The service is sometimes sparse when it gets busy because they usually only have one or two waitresses running at any given time, but they are all amazingly friendly and always make us feel just like family! Your patience is always rewarded with delicious family recipes that you can't find anywhere else in this state and if you give them the chance, they'll make a lifelong fan out of you too!
4	the rating of 4 stars it is because of their green chili sauce/burro/enchilada etc... i love the chips and the beans.  I agree w/most the service is super slow and the place lacks light and it definitely needs a renovation badly!  their cups are super small - but once again i like their food.
1	I was not impressed!! I went here because of the reviews, but found that the service was poor, the food mediocre, and not hot enough for me. I am always checking mexican restaurants for the food and the heat. I love the food, being from NM and also love the heat...this one fails...would not go back!!
4	Went here for lunch today..not bad. Like everyone else says its not super nice and a little slow. But the Chimichanga I had was good (nice and crispy but not dripping with grease) and it was cheap. We were able to go here for lunch and be back within an hour. I liked it and will be back!
5	This is one of our favorite spots! Family owned business & food is excellent nearly every time. Prices are reasonable. Go there!
3	Very inexpensive, very cute southern Mexican style decor. The service was very slow, but the staff was friendly. Lacked in silverware. And the food was good.
4	Old school interior but in a way that reassures you the food will be good... and it is.My wife had the Gollo Buro, which was excellent. I had the Machacca Buro which was good, next time I'll probably get it with some green sauce on top.
4	This place isn't bad. It's not the pinnacle of Mexican food, nor is it formal dining. It's just there, family owned and operated. My fiancee and I are regulars and after going there with her parents enough times they are now regulars too. My dad used to take me here a lot as a kid, 20+ years ago. So that has to say something if they've hung in there that long. Don't expect healthy cuisine, but then again that's not what I go here for. It's just regular, home cooked Mexican. Joanne (runs the kitchen to my knowledge & is the owner/co-owner) makes some mean grub. It hits the spot just right when you want some thing without paying over the top.And please, if anyone else reviews this, don't dare compare it to a crappy chain like Chili's, this is way more authentic. This place is well above the par in food quality compared to these places. They are consistent too, which is hard to find sometimes. Pros: Cost is good, food is good, salsa is awesome. I particularly recommend the tacos, red mix burro and Gollo burro. The rice is good and the beans are pretty solid too. It is greasy, but that's okay with me. Cons: Kids. Lots of them sometimes, but what do you expect from a family oriented restaurant. Get there early Friday and Saturday nights, they are usually pretty full and it's not a huge restaurant.
4	This place is solid. They had great Tex-Mex cuisine, amazing service, and a comfortable, unpretentious atmosphere. I would give it five stars but it wasn't like their food was mind blowingly original, it was just really good. Well, then again, when I think about it, my mind was pretty blown by the salsa. They had ridiculously good salsa. I highly recommend this place.
2	Coupla issues:1.  First TINY basket of chips is free.  If you want a larger, second basket, it costs $1.  I can understand that policy if the chips and salsa both were COMPLETELY OFF THE HOOK! but they weren't.2.  Had to go ask for a chip refill after the first tiny basket vanished in about 2 minutes.They were really friendly though.  And the food was decent, but far from the best in town.  Standard rice, standard beans.  The tostadas and tacos were the best thing we tried.There are just too many places better than this one to put it into my rotation.....
4	Went here for dinner and left very full and satisfied.  The family that runs the restaurant is originally from Globe so the Mexican food here is similar to what you'd find in the Globe/Miami area.  Stepping into this restaurant, it feels similar to how other restaurants such as Serrano's and Rosita's feels: Comfy atmosphere serving homestyle, no frills cuisine.  I had the special tonight: 2 chicken enchiladas with green sauce with rice and beans ($8.50).  While the enchiladas looked a bit mangled since chicken pieces were sticking out of the tortilla and the tortilla itself looked prodded and broken, the enchiladas themselves were quite tasty with the green sauce and the rice and beans.  I'm usually a lightweight when it comes to finishing meals, but in this case, I cleaned my plate!  The salsa tastes good, but is very watery which makes it hard to eat with chips.  We ordered iced teas and they were refilled promptly as needed.  I'd definitely be interested in going here again for some tasty and filling meals.
2	This place is family-owned. It's tucked in the corner of an L-shaped plaza by the Fry's. It's quiet and dark. They try to make it seem like a romantic dinner place, I understand, but the darkness doesn't hide the fact that it's an old place that probably needs renovating. Service and food taste is OK. I must give this place two stars because the cheese enchiladas gave me a small case of food poisoning. My husband had something else and he was fine. So I wonder if maybe the cheese wasn't kept at the proper temp. Thankfully, I didn't vomit. I passed it by laying down for two hours. The map Yelp provides isn't accurate. It's located on the left side further south.
5	This place is one of mine and my familys favorite places to go to. The gollo burro s amazing. Been going here since a little kid. I took my wife here and she loved it. I def recommend this place too all.
5	I can't say enough good things about Casa Reynoso. I just wished I had known about it earlier! It's tucked in the corner of a Fry's strip mall, so for an entire year we never even noticed it was there.I'm so glad we found it, because it really is a little gem. I love the green chili chimi and there 4.00 Margaritas are awesome. The family that owns this place are always there and are SO nice. They love to talk and will recommend all the goods. Kids are also extremely welcome here. This is just a great little Mexican place with awesome service, yummy food, and a decent atmosphere. We love it!
5	1. Most authentic tasting sonoran style mexican food in the valley.2. Awesome green chile.3. Can't miss rice and beans are perfect supplement for any entree.
2	Recently my husband and I were on our way to an appointment, and in need of dinner and having about an hour to kill, we decided to try Casa Reynoso since we see it every time we shop at the Fry's grocery store located in the same strip.  I was interested to see if this family-owned place had decent Mexican food.  Having been raised on New Mexico-style Mexican food, I am always on the hunt for food that tastes like Grandma's.  Casa Reynoso was just ok.  The decor is dated and slightly dingey, but I never judge a restaurant on their decor, it is the service and food that matter, so let's get to that:-The service was decent.  The waitress seemed to be in a hurry and no one was smiling.  The place wasn't very busy, but we had to wait a while to get our drinks and small little basket of chips and cup of bland, watery salsa.   -The food quality was just ok.  Nothing outstanding in my book.  I ordered the taco, enchilada, and relleno combination plate with rice and beans.  The rice and beans were probably the best thing I ate there.  The beans had great flavor and not too much salt, and the rice was cooked perfectly, also with lots of flavor.  It's difficult mess up a standard fried beef taco, and the one I had was the same as any other taco you'll get on a combination plate at any Mexican place.  The relleno was also ok, but not a lot of flavor and too much egg.  The enchilada was your regular old cheese rolled into a tortilla and smothered in cheese and enchilada sauce.  The sauce was absolutely disgusting and I ended up only eating a bite of the enchilada.  I will say that I appreciate that they didn't mask the blandness of the food by absolutely suffocating it in cheese.  The food was so mediocre that I don't even remember what my husband ordered, and he definitely didn't rave about it.Overall, I wouldn't jump to recommend this place to anyone.  The food is mediocre, the staff didn't seem to care, and honestly, we could have gone around the corner to Riva's and gotten better food at their drive-through.  Of course, I love to give second chances, and I would love to see more family-owned Mexican restaurants thrive in tempe.  A couple of other reviewers recommended the green chili and burritos.  I will have to try those next time, but I don't really have high expectations for this place and probably won't be going back any time soon.
4	Globe Mexican Food in the heart of Tempe. I prefer Xavier's Casa Reynoso in Mesa, but this place gets me by in a pinch.
4	Went there the other night and it was very good.  I had the burro with green sauce and it was great. The others had enchladas and said they were also very good.  The resturant is very clean.  It is tucked into the corner of the Fry's plaza so you have to look for it.  When you find it you will be back.  It is not one of the trendy places just good food at reasonable prices.The drinks were good size and tasty.   Service was excellent. The locals know about this place and recomend it.  I will be back.
1	Awful. Just awful. After being led to our booth (which had a 8" inch long gash in the seat cushion with material poking out of it) we were eventually greeted by a pregnant woman covered with tattoos. 20 minutes later, she returned with a couple waters and took our order. After another 30 minutes, our food arrived..sort of. We ordered nachos for an appetizer, a bean chimichanga with extra sour cream, and an enchilada combo. What we got, however, was a visibly burnt plate of dark brown nachos they felt proud enough to serve, brought out at the same time as the enchilada combo, and the chimichanga plate..which, mind you, amounted to a chimichanga covered in white glop that looked like it was freshly squeezed from an oversized toothpaste tube. No rice, no beans. Just a luke-warm chimi on a 300'F plate covered in toothpaste fresh from the dairy. Using her razor sharp perception, she noted that our nachos looked burnt (after she had already brought it out!) and offered to have the kitchen make another plate. We agreed. It never arrived. In the interim, I took our 3 year old son to the restroom. While there, I found the urine puddle on the floor and the  wide array of pubic hair on the urinal really charming. The half-destroyed/filthy toilet seat had a nice home-spun look to it as well. Why invest $15 at Home Depot for a new toilet seat when you can show your customers how much you think of them, and think of cleanliness in general? So, that about did it. Between the hole in the seat cushion having more food in it than I had food on my own plate, the hour spent waiting for microwave-quality food and the eagle-eyed wait staff, we left. We literally walked out on the meal, the first time my wife and I had felt compelled to walk out on a restaurant in over a decade. We weren't willing to put in another half hour waiting for the check. Unless your a fan of filth, and have 3-4 hours to blow, I'd recommend you look elsewhere for Mexican food... There's a Taco Bell down the street with a higher rating.
4	The salsa here is so flavorful. I say order a burrito or anything that comes with red or green chili. Neither is too spicy, both are delicious.-Gollo Burro: flour tortilla filled with green chili, whole pinto beans, onions, cheese topped, melted butter. I usually order it without butter just to spare the extra calories and it's just as delicious.-Charro Completo: flour tortilla filled with red chili, green chili, refried beans, onions and cheese. -bean and cheese burrito enchilada style, yum!!Everyone here is friendly. Four stars because sometimes the service is a little bit on the slower side. But the food makes it worth the wait!
5	Love, Love, LOVE Casa Reynoso. Full Disclosure? I'm a bit biased. My mom went to high school with the owner...or the owner's brother...I'm not quite sure. But! This place really is the best. Let's get one thing straight - this is a family owned, old restaurant. It is not a fancy, schmancy joint. The food, however, is DELICIOUS, the staff is so friendly, and the atmosphere is comfortable. The salsa is full of flavor, the tortillas are soft, and, in every experience I have had, the food comes out quick. This is home cooked style Mexican food at its best.
4	Just got back from eating here a few mins ago. We just moved to Tempe, and this restaurant is right around the corner from our house. We didn't want to spend a whole lot, but we wanted to give this place a chance. We ordered tacos a la carte and a small side of rice. We stuck with water for drinks. They kept our waters, chips and (delicious) salsa filled without much prompting. It took awhile for our food to arrive, but our waitress apologized saying a huge take-away order was placed right when we were seated. The tacos were very good, though a little small, and the rice excellent. I would definitely come back here. The only con is that there were a lot of screaming kids there, and that always puts me off my meal with parents that can't control their kids running around and throwing food and the restaurant doesn't ask them to be more respectful.
1	Tried this place tonight because husband loves it.  I, however, did not like it.  Food was gross.  The fried ice cream was good.
5	Had lunch great food supper tacos and beans.
5	Salsa is sooooooooo good! I got a cheese crisp to start, then a tostada. Delicious. Simply delicious. Watch out though, the plate will burn your hands...
5	This is by far my favorite Mexican food in the valley. The tacos aren't massive, but what they lack in size they make up in taste. If you're going for the first time, get the number 5. It's a great way to try a burro, taco, and enchilada (I love the red sauce, my friend loves the green).Whenever I go camping, I pick up burros here and eat them with no food prep mess. My friends are always jealous of my food on those trips.I can't get enough of the chips and salsa. All around, I'm certain you'll love this place.
4	The green sauce is awesome. I normally only prefer red, but not here. Service is great here too. Also the complimentary salsa is very good, though a little watery. Only reason for four stars is the place is kind of gloomy, not exactly a great date place if you know what I mean.
4	Pretty good.Another gentleman (Bowie P) reported in his quite negative review of this place that he was led to a booth with a seat cushion that had a rather large (8-inch) gash in it.  My guess is that I was sitting in that very same booth, although they taped up the hole at some point since June.  It was still not the most comfortable place to sit, mind you. . .The food was good tasting, with a distinctive flavor.  Some of the better rice and beans I've had too.Service did not always strike me as the most sincere, and my drink refill was just banged on the table on one occasion.  Still not bad.  Kind of a '70s or '80s look to the place--some of the decor though, as attractive as it was, seemed caked in dust.Not perfect, but a sizable and tasty meal.  Price average.
5	The Gollo Burro is delicious (I personally love it enchilada style)!  I order this every time I come here.  The green chili is also very flavorful.  As a Hispanic, I am very picky when it comes to Mexican food, and Casa Reynoso meets my high standards!  The staff is also very friendly.
5	Best Mexican Food in the valley!!!  Yummmmmmy!!!!!!  Super nice family!!!!
4	Service was a bit spotty, but I don't think they expected to be slammed right at 11am on a Sunday.  It took a VERY long time to get the check, we were there for nearly 90 minutes, but, since we weren't in a rush it wasn't a big deal.  The green chili quesadilla is the BEST EVER, just make sure they use green chili (as in meat) instead of green chiles.  It took a while to get it to our table since the chili was still being made, but the flavor was out of this world!  There was a smoky grilled flavor that I've never had on any other dish which just sent it out of the world.  Gollo Burro, chili verde, enchilada style.  You need NOTHING else.  I ordered that and my table was eating off of my plate instead of enjoying their food--it was that good.  Machaca burro is also extremely tasty.  Hooray for a local, family run restaurant.  You will NOT find queso dip, pollo fundito, or any of those 'Mexican chain gang' restaurant foods here.  This is simple, hearty food and you can tell they love what they do by the quality and taste in each dish.  Returning soon!
1	Terrible food.  If you're looking for nasty variety Sonoran food, then this is the place for you.  I could deal with the 80's decor, the mediocre margarita, the meh chips and salsa (super watery).   With runny beans (my fav), an enchilada sauce that was blah, and an inedible tostada I pretty much reached my limit.  My boyfriend's green chile tamales were comparable to eating a sponge.  Suffice it to say, if left to sit for 10 minutes, one could have eaten their dinner with a straw.  Don't bother.  You would be better off at Chipotle.  Apologies to our waitress, she was nice enough but didn't make up for the awful food.
2	Very mediocre. Salsa is spicy, but no fajitas, sauce covered sloppiness. Not coming back.
2	Came here to meet up with family who was in town.  My assessment? Eh.  I have definitely had MUCH better Mexican food.  Salsa was nothing exciting.  Had the golla burro after reading the reviews and it wasn't anything spectacular.  Pretty standard burrito with butter around it.  The beans are homemade so that was a plus.  Wasn't a fan of the fact that additional chips cost you.  It was something like a measly $1 but still.  Guess it's a good thing that the salsa wasn't that good.  After all the reviews I really wish I could have liked the food better especially since it's family owned which are usually pretty good.  Maybe it's what I got.  Worth another try.  Just not the salsa or chips.
5	Our favorite place in Tempe for Mexican. My wife goes for the Gollo burrito and I the Machaca both green style. It's fantastic and pretty cheap.
2	Well this place could definitely use a facelift. The service was super slow and unmemorable. At least the food was pretty good, but I can think of a handful of other family owned Mexican restaurants that are much better. My boyfriend didn't like his meal of a taco and chile relleno, I believe. Glad I gave it a try, but probably won't be back.
2	Been here twice so far.  Best:- Salsa is addictive,  much spicier than anywhere else around,  which I love. -Enchilada sauce is great as well. -They are fairly cheap. Worst:-The service is soooooo slooooooow. It takes forever for them to take your order or bring your food out.  The first time we went we were there over an hour. -The food is not that great in my opinion,  Serranos is much better & faster. -The decor is awful!  Overall I don't think I would go back.
1	This is a cry for help. I feel like this place is destined to be a place on restaurant impossible. From the start there were issues. We waited at the front to be seated for several minutes while there were only a couple tables filled. I think there were only 2 servers working which was clearly understaffed but also seemed like its probably normal. The food was bad. As in, my chile relleno tasted ROTTEN. It was filled with some gross greasy cheese mess and had doubly greasy batter that it was fried in. I honestly wouldn't have fed this to a pig.I probably have more to say but I feel that any more effort is unnecessary and would be a lost cause.
3	The food here is very good and is reminiscent of that in older South Eastern areas of Arizona. I grew up in Globe and love the food here as it reminds me of my youth and my hometown. With that said, I think this place has some issues. The service here can be quite spotty. For instance...we went in this evening for a Friday night dinner. We arrived at 6:30 pm and were told there would be a 15 minute wait. While waiting I decided to use the restroom and proceeded into the restaurant and to my surprise, more than half of the place was empty.... When I asked the hostess why there was a 15 minute wait on a Friday night with half the place full she told me that they only had 3 waitstaff on this evening. I know I counted at least 5 that were milling about casually. At any rate, if you aren't in a big hurry I would recommend anything with the enchilada sauce on it (best I've had) and the tacos are great.
4	- My service was outstanding!- Food was really good (tried both the red chili and green chili; both good ... but the green chili was awesome!)- Margaritas were great.- Atmosphere was more of a local dive.If you are looking for a classy Mexican dinner, this is not the place.  However, if you are looking for good Mexican food, with good margaritas in a local joint, this is the place for you.When I arrived (by myself as I was in Phoenix on business), I was promptly seated.  I was quickly greeted by a gentleman with chips, salsa, and water.  Then, quickly by my waitress who was super nice and took great care of me the whole evening.  I explained to her that I had never been there before and ask for her recommendations.  She shared her favorites but said before I make my decision, I should try both the red chili and the green chile.  She scurried off to the kitchen and came back with two small bowls so I could try each.  The red chili was really good; but I had to agree with her that the green sauce was killer!I ended up having a burro with green chili and whole beans with a side of  refried beans and a margarita.  Everything was fantastic.   Great food,  great margaritas, great service.I think they would be a good candidate for Triple D.  I'll be back!
5	I love this place! They are family owned and have the BEST food ever! I dare you to try the Gollo burro with the salsa.... Wait let me tell you about the salsa! It's so good it will make you slap yo momma!
5	I won't hesitate to call Casa Reynoso the best Mexican Food in Arizona. My orders are always delicious and I am a long-time customer. My favorite dishes are their tacos, bean burritos and green chile. As far as sides go, the rice and beans are outstanding.Along with their excellent food, their service is top notch. If you enjoy Mexican food, you need to give this place a try!P.S. Don't forget to order a cheese crisp!
5	Best Beans in the world! My family has been eating here since the 1954 in globe. And it hasn't change from the friendliness to the amazing food!
4	We were looking for a good Mexican restaurant and came across this one because of some of the yelp reviews. Anyways, we had a hard time finding this place because its hidden in the corner of the Fry's shopping center. When we walked in the restaurant it had a Mexican theme but they do have a lot of family pictures. I like it cause this is a family owned restaurant. I can see their kids hanging out and standing by the carts as they serve which I think is fine. We asked the serve a lot of questions and she knew everything about the menu. Since she knew this was our first time here she gave us little bowls of their green and red chili so we could decide what to order. Oh my goodness. Both of their chili was so good. The green was a little more spicy than the red. I had the Gallo Burro and a machaca taco. I would have to say the taco was one of the best I've had. Very good. Their Gallo Burro was rated #1 so that's why I ordered it and it was very good green chili burro. Everyone cleaned up their plate so the food was very good. The service was very good too. Our server was helpful and friendly. Always keeping tabs on us to make sure everything was okay. They also reminded us before the food came out that the plates are very hot and they were. Since the plates are so hot they put the plates on a plastic cart. Haven't seen this style of service in a long time. Overall, I really enjoyed the meal at this family owned restaurant. This place will be our Tempe hangout whenever we have that  Mexican food craving.
5	Can't go wrong here...good mexican food.
1	I ate here yesterday and I have food poisoning today. Enough said.
3	food was expensive, service was a-ok. mediocore
4	Food 4/5: I got an enchilada, rice & bean, tostada combo. Pretty goodService 4/5: staff was working hard and very friendly. Overall experience 4/5: restaurant is older maybe in need of some update bit it has a charm to it. I live I'm Tempe I would go back.
3	this place is right by my place so its an easy quick run to grab a bite. the food is good, however, not that authentic.... real mexican food doesnt call for cheddar cheese on enchiladas. very "americanized" food. still good though.
3	Gave 3 stars but have not been there. We will be eating there tomorrow (12/28/2013) as we pass through from Alb, NM, at which time I will give it a review based off of authentic New Mexico cuisine. My concern is that the term 'sauce' is attached to chili. I saw all of the good reviews from the locals (Az's) and hope it is not a tex-mex restaurant trying to give the impression of being 'authentic'!
5	For great, authentic Mexican food...go here.  if you're looking for artsy food that is placed perfectly on your plate and looks better than it tastes, stay away.The food here is fantastic!  My husband is from Globe (where this family originates from) and we go here anytime he has an itching for Globe/Miami style Mexican.  If they're busy the service can be a little slow, but that can be said for many restaurants. The Gollo burro is a favorite and their enchilada sauce has that down-home flavor that we both absolutely love.It's not a fancy place.  Yes, the decor is a little outdated and for the most part, the food is just thrown on a plate without any flair, but anyone who has has authentic Globe Mexican knows this is the way it's done.  You're supposed to go to a restaurant to enjoy the food, not stare at the walls.  The food is good...that's all that matters here.
4	This a very good old school Mexican restaurant.   I always order the "Gollo Burro".  The customer service is great and the prices are very reasonable.
5	This is mine and my wife's favorite Mexican restaurant to eat at!  Their chips and salsa are too die for and then we get a bean and cheese burrito enchilada style.  It's the best place in the valley and won't disappoint!
3	1st time stopping by CR, oh boy was it a doozy.to go ordered a gollo burro (pretty tasty) and a machaca taco also very tasty.food came out in an 8'' x 4'' to go box, for some reason my immediate response was "um how can a burro&a taco be in one container?" most places will place them separately rather than in one container. ok so got in the car, opened container and was just underwhelmed by the portion size considering my bill was $10.13. on top of that, there was no cheese on the taco like there was supposed to! maybe that's why they were able to get it out so quickly, slap ingredients together roll it up package it and get it out without quality control before the customer receives it.walked back in and asked if cheese was supposed to be in tacos, couple employees said yes but by that time I just had been shown enough I just said whatever and left. after returning home, ate the food and again it was tasty but just didn't feel like I received a good value commiserate to what I paid for. maybe I went off the deep end? who knows, but I called and asked to speak to a manager/supervisor to explain and offer my 1st impressions of CR. well that was a mistake, young lady got on the line and got pretty defensive instead of just listening and asking how things could improve and inviting me back for a second visit she just went off a little bit saying Americans are obese so it's a good thing their portions are not bigger, then saying they were not Garcias or other Mexican places around the valley how it's homemade etc. when I asked how old she was, said that was not relevant to the conversation I only asked because I could tell she just didn't have enough customer service experience to deal with the situation.food is 3 1/2 stars service as noted above 2 stars. just a not so good 1st impression is all, I would consider going back as it's not far from me.**oh and why can eat in diners get a free serving of chips, yet take out cannot? they even gave me salsa with my order. just seems like a place that has been around a long time so being objective and asking how could they improve just doesn't seem to happen.***oh and btw your relatives places in Globe give bigger portions and are just as good if not better than CR, I will definitely give those places my business again.
1	We are on the hunt for Carne Asada, so we decided to go there purely because they had it on their menu. We will never be back. I doubt the original owners cooked the way the family is now. Someone is a huge money pincher and you can tell with the taste of the food. First they bring you a TINY bowl of chips and tell you if you want more you have to pay for them. I even overheard one waitress ask if another table needed more chips other than the small bowl. When they said yes she didn't even bother to tell them there was an extra charge. Second the chimichanga that costs $7 doesn't even come with sides you have to pay $2.50 extra, and the size of the chimi is not the reason for it's price. It's tiny. Smaller then some TacoBell burritos. Then the meat inside tasted and smelled like canned chicken. It was not fresh at all and it had nothing but chicken in it. Third they are not at all kid friendly. Their kid's menu is minimal and doesn't even have the usual things kids want. Also the salsa is too spicy for kids to eat. Last they have no coloring page or any kind of kid entertainment. Fourth and the worst thing was the Carne Asada. The price was unreasonable for the product you receive. It was $15 for a fat filled stake with, greasy tortillas, flavorless beans and suspicious rice. Fifth is the rice. It was cooked to the right consistency,  but it was disgusting. I tasted like they cooked it in ramen noodle packets. Even the salsa couldn't help it. A few other issues were the cleanliness and the greasy filled kids plate. Overall I was disgusted. I would never recommend it to anyone. Someone in that restaurant is cutting corners and nickel and diming the customers.
5	Gollo Burro, Machaca Taco, and Tostada, and make sure you order the "Extra Hot" Sauce!!!  If you don't like this place, you're not from around here, that's for sure.  It's definitely not for your average gringo.This was the first restaurant that I ever went to as a child, and we kept going back because you can have screaming kids, and no one gets on your case about it.  This is truly a family restaurant beyond all family restaurants!  Great atmosphere, great margaritas, great food.
1	Salty. Very SALTY. The service took forever, even though they were not that busy. The waitress walked away from my wife as she tried to ask for another fork. There were 4 of us and only two sets of silverware. Two, literally TWO of the cheap grocery store napkins that you could see through. The food was very cheap, salty and poorly presented. The everything tasted the same. Horrible.Overall a very poor place. Never again.UPDATE: It would seem as if both my wife and daughter both have upset stomach with diarrhea and cramps. They both had Machaco. Let's say I'm not surprised. Maybe the Health Department needs to make a surprise visit...
4	Wow! is all we can say about this place. It is a family-run restaurant that has been around for many years, and after tasting the food we can see why it's a mainstay in Tempe. It's in the corner of a Fry's shopping center and very unassuming, but don't let the decor fool you. The food is fantastic!The salsa comes in a little carafe and you get individual bowls to fill for dipping your chips. The food was authentic and amazing, brought to the table piping hot and full of flavor. The (beef) red chili was delicious as were the chile relleno, whole pinto beans and rice. The service was very attentive, and the iced tea glass was quart-sized and never empty. Only gave it 4 stars because the ambiance is older, but who cares when you're getting the real deal when it comes to the food? We will definitely go back here again and again.
4	Great food and service with a smile.  Very refreshing after many years of what passes for Mexican food on the east coast.  Prices are good, too.  Only wish it was closer!
3	I ordered combination #6 - enchilada,   Chile Rellano, rice and beans.Plate was SUpER hot.  Oven to table!Chili Rellano was good!  A little greasy though!Enchilada was good with a tasty red sauce!Rice and beans were good too!Chips might have been a day or two old.Salsa was good with a touch of spiciness.  It was a bit thinner (vs chunky) than I prefer but still good.
4	Been coming here for many, many years with the family for delicious Sonoran style Mexican cuisine. It has always been great. The gollo burro is to die for. My dad would eat here every week if he could get away with it. Never had a bad meal and I have eaten the entire menu. Wonderful family run business.
5	Authentic Mexican food via Globe/Miami, AZ. As good as it gets.
5	Gollo Burro excellent customer sercive and now they have Roger Cline's Mexican Moonshine.  The chips and salsa are also very good.
3	Casa Reynoso was a favorite lunch spot for some of my coworkers, so one day, I decided to join them. Overall, I was impressed with the food -- I had an enchilada style burrito. The only downfall was the pricing: everything comes a la carte, so if you want sides, your meal will probably be above $10 (which is a bit more than most places). Overall, good experience though.
4	I had the combo plate with chile relleno (the Globe version is better, but it was good), shredded beef taco, and cheese enchilada.  I thought the food was very good.  I forgot to ask about the hotter salsa (doh) but enjoyed their regular salsa and chips.  The iced tea was very, very good.  Overall, with the extremely excellent service, this was a great choice and a great visit.
5	My mom is from Globe and I've been eating Reynoso family Mexican food my whole life. This is by far the best Mexican food I've ever had. My family has explored outside of Reynoso family restaurants and I always leave disappointed. The green chili is wonderful. My go-to is always a bean burro enchilada style. Yum!
5	Casa Reynoso is tucked into the corner of a non descript strip mall but it is some of the best Mexican food around. Excellent machaca and beans served piping hot with a large buttered tortilla. Good chips and salsa (ask for the extra hot). Gollo burrito is also a specialty. The service is always phenomenal. Family owned and operated for generations. The only bad thing is they aren't open on Mondays.
4	Had the Number 6 Chile Rellano and enchilada. Been so disappointed last few places. This was good! I rarely finish my food but I did. Theres a party in my tummy. This is the best mexican food close to my work hands down!
4	Thank you Casa Reynoso staff for saving 9/25/14.  Our group was looking forward to a pre-game (ASU vs. UCLA) meal, but work schedule wasn't cooperating.  Phone conversations with CR staff got us a reservation and we ordered ahead. Right when we walked in our plates were waiting, dishes still hot to the touch.  All of us raved about our orders.  Among us: red chile bowl, tacos, rellenos, rice, beans, enchiladas, tamales.  Not one complaint.  Two of us who had rellenos agreed the best in memory. I liked that they were served home-style-- not covered in a sauce.  Nice to get that sweet green chile flavor.I very much appreciated that a "kind of" off-menu item was dished up -- grandson likes going to Someburros where he always gets a bean burrito. CR doesn't have that on the menu.  Grandson also likes beef roasts, like from a crock pot.  So I asked if he could have a serving of plain machaca-- not in a burro or chimichanga and that was graciously provided.  Good moods all around. Then we went to the game and got our behinds handed to us.  Going home in different directions we agreed that our dinner was the highlight of our evening. So, why not 5 Stars?   Chips servings for 6 people kind of skimpy.   Still, we most definitely will be back.   Thank you.
5	Excellent food and margaritas!!
4	I always get yummy cheesy enchiladas with rice and beans and it's always scolding hot and everything's great. The one reason I don't go as much is because my mom knows the owner and went to high school with her and last time we went the owner just kept talking to her about old times and kind of didn't let us eat in peace. No offense I just know my mom felt awkward so I'll probably be going by myself. But the food is really great.
5	I've been eating there since the 1980's and probably go there almost every week.WARNING: The food is very addicting-go at your own risk!  In other words, it's myfavorite Mexican food place of all time.  The staff is friendly, service is good. The mostauthentic food in Arizona.  I think I'll have my birthday party there....
4	This place would have gotten five stars, but the service wasn't the best. It took awhile to get seated because there was no one waiting to seat us. Otherwise it was great and the actual server was a cool guy. Definitely a great place to eat.
3	Was here for a meeting that didn't happen.  Nothing to do with the restaurant. Decided to stay for lunch.   I have eaten here once before.The food is mediocre,  which is too bad considering they use family recipes.   Essex the food is bland.  I am sure they could do a lot better if they wanted to.   Also, the portions are a lot smaller than most Mexican restaurants. They did NOT change for more chips.   Probably would be doing me a favor if they did.   The chips were very good 5. Almost seemed like they were baked instead of fried.Service was a little slow but very good and friendly. Would I come back here?   If I wanted Mexican food and I was in the area,  I might.  It would never be a destination,  however.
4	This place isn't your fanciest Mexican restaurant, but for authenticity it's awesome. It starts with chips and salsa and this isn't any ordinary salsa it's hot and yummy! For dinner I had the golla burro with melted butter on top. I think it's their specialty. Anyway it's really fresh and delicious and authentic. I would give this restaurant five stars if the interior was a little nicer, but for taste it's a five.
5	Best machaca tacos ever - - I get 3 al a carte every time... Also love their chips+salsa.  We go a couple times a month and they remember us... great family owned place
3	Went here for dinner with my boyfriend and we were not overwhelmed. Mediocre food, but they apparently use family recipes. Maybe we ordered the wrong thing, but our dinners weren't anything special. We ordered cheese enchiladas, machaca burro, beef taco, rice and beans. The cheese enchiladas, rice and beans were typical Mexican good, tasty but not impressive. The enchilada sauce wasn't that great. The hard shell beef taco was soggy but the meat was flavorful. The machaca burro was dry. I was hoping for a better mix of beef, tomatoes, chilies and onions, but it was mainly beef. Definitely needed a better ratio of meat and veggies. The highlight of the meal was the salsa and guacamole. I would recommend getting guac!I doubt I'll come back to Casa Reynoso. I was disappointed in the food, but it was a good value ($25 for our whole meal), nice atmosphere, and pleasant employees.
4	Good food, good drinks. Music was a bit too loud on the patio, and the front of the house didn't seem entirely prepared for us to sit on the upper patio. Would definitely recommend.
2	Food was decent ordered gollo burro.  Sat in bar as I travel often for work.  Was dark dirty and took ten minutes for someone to ask if I wanted a drink.  Will not visit this place again
5	I've been coming here since I was in dipes. I eat here at least twice a month. Sometimes lunch, sometimes dinner, never on Mondays. My dad lives in Washington state and when he comes to visit, he literally goes from the airport directly here. I always get the enchilada/taco combo. Prices are great, food is excellent. The salsa is amazing, with a nice kick. My girlfriend actually doesn't like the enchilada sauce here because it clearly has cinnamon in it and apparently that's not her thing. The only thing I can say I don't like is that the taco has the cheese on the outside of the shell. ?? Weird. Yeah, the place is old, but so what? My grandmas place is old, too, but the best food I've ever had came out of her kitchen. Don't judge a book by its cover! Or, do, more for me.
4	Great place for lunch. Been here a couple of times and I've never been disappointed. Iced Tea with the giant Green Chile Burro. WOW. Place is family friendly, priced perfect, and the service was excellent. Lunch never takes too long and the atmosphere is fun and relaxed. They really make you feel like you're part of a new family here.
5	This is one of our family's favorite Mexican food restaurants... Family owned and operated... Mom taught the kids well!  The food is excellent and the service is friendly!  Try the machaca meat, the green chili or the Gollo Burro!  Don't forget a tasty margarita to wash it down!  This is where the neighborhood folks eat once or twice a month!
5	Super good Mexican food in Tempe. Started with joAnnas special- a nice cheese crisp tostada with green chile and pork-  which was delicious.The green enchilada sauce on the burros is really good. Best green enchilada sauce I've found.
