5	This is the best bike store I've walked into.  Their primary focus is on racing bikes, but (as I'm not a racer) the service stays top notch in much lower price ranges.Got greeted by the staff, and my girlfriend and I got the luxury of absolutely no pressure as we walked around and looked at bikes.  She explained what she was looking for, and the staff explained what they had and what price range she was looking at.  I wound up talking to another person working there, and let them try to find a bike that fit.  (I'm 6'8", and as I found out, fit pretty well on an XXL Scott 65cm frame.)Anyways, back to my girlfriend's experience.  What impressed me was after they had a bike they thought was a winner, they let her go on a test ride around the neighborhood there.  And then when she came back in two minutes, told her that wasn't ideal, and sent her back out, with instructions to take the second left and try it on a hill.  After she figured out yes, that was the bike, the guy spent at least half an hour fitting the bike to her; he wound up switching out the stem, adding a seat with a little more travel, and getting everything just so.  There was no hurry.  There was no pressure.The amount of interest that the staff showed in getting each person the just-so fit gets five stars; if you want a bike that fits, it's worth it to browse here.And, update: I went out the other day, and asked for a price on a bike costing about 25% of the bike I tooled around on there two weeks ago.  Without batting an eye, and without a hint of bike snobbery, the owner ran off to figure out what it'd cost me.  I talked to him about the differences between a double and triple, and he spent twenty minutes explaining the pros and cons, and gave a strong suggestion on the double.  That said, the price he quoted me was also 10% under the price quoted by another shop on the same exact bike.  I asked for the price of an upgrade to a single part on the new bike, and he quoted me about half the price I expected from doing research on the internet.  Customer-friendly, well priced, super-high-quality bicycles.  A+++.Edit, 4 years later: Glen, Beth, and the rest of the crew here are still there, and still awesome.  My girlfriend is now my wife.  My lowend Trek road bike now has more miles on it.  :-)It's still a much longer drive to get to Big Bang, but for any work on my bike, I'm glad to make the drive.  Friends have terrific luck with Pittsburgh Pro, which is nearer,  and I'll occasionally stop there on a ride; that said, for drop-off-the-bike work, Big Bang is my absolute go-to.
5	This is the best experience I've had at a bike store in the Pittsburgh area.  I have been shopping around for a couple months for a new road bike (which was going to be my first road bike ever, meaning that I'm fairly clueless about how to pick one out).  Also, since I'm a student, I don't have particularly deep pockets.At Big Bang, I was greeted basically the moment I walked in the door.  I'm kind of shy when I know that I don't really know what I'm doing, but I wasn't pressured or harassed in any way by the staff.  Even though my price range was pretty low, they still tried their hardest to find a bike that suited my needs, and they found a bike that fitted me perfectly (and gave me an *excellent* deal on the price).  They take a lot of care to make sure you're properly fitted to the bike.Also, this is one of the few bike stores I've been to where test riding is gleefully encouraged, rather than grudgingly allowed.  Definitely it's the only bike store where they'll tell you "You haven't tried it out enough, go climb up the hill on  it!" -- they definitely put the emphasis on matching rider with bike, rather than making a quick sale.I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who's looking for a road bike, whether they're a seasoned racer or a neophyte rider like me.
3	I've had mixed results here. I would definitely recommend if buying a new bike, but have had much less success with items/parts I've ordered or with repairs.
2	When I think BBB... I think the days of simply bringing your bike in for a quick and relatively inexpensive tune-up and a few fixes are long gone.    This review is more for the repair end of BBB. In their defense BBB does appear to carry some amazing brands of bike (ie Colnago) that you just don't find anywhere else in Pittsburgh. At BBB I was charged $250 for a tune up and a few other things. Granted this included installing a sew up tire (which I can understand would cost approx $50), Swapping out a left side (big ring) shifter on my down tube (this should have cost approx. $20 at most) and installing new bar tape (cost of tape $20 and $20 to install?).. SO WHAT"S WITH $140 FOR A TUNE UP? Well the story goes like this:I bring the bike into BBB prior to the nice weather hitting Pittsburgh in hopes of trying what people have said is a great bike shop and getting my OCLV TREK 5900 ready for the season. Turns out I don't hear from these guys. A week goes by ...two weeks...I think that's ok I have two or three other bike I can turn to for a ride. Then I wind up going out of town for a week thinking for sure I'll get a call from them re: my bike is ready to roll...but no dice. So I call. Turns out a screw snapped when the mechanic was re-installing the down tube shifter and it had to be tapped out (is that my fault?). He says "Should be ready in a few days". So I come in a few days later to this mammoth bill. I ask if I am paying for the labor of taping out the screw? I don't think I ever got a straight answer? I look at the bill and can't see a good breakdown of the charges. Normally I would "duke it over" a bill like this but I figured...I had somewhere I to be 10 minutes ago and at least I finally have my bike. I would expect that for that money my bike could have been stripped down to the frame and totally gone over (overhauled). But it wasn't.  Well BBB I'll give you a star because the mechanic did do a good job in that my cycle shifts well and the tape job on the bars looks great (nice wrap). Plus I'll toss in a star for your outstanding selection of high end cycles. Maybe I would have rated BBB higher if I was in the market for a purchase instead of a simple repair?
5	I wrote this review right after I had bought my bike.  I would like to update to reflect further experiences I've had with BBB.So, first of all, one of the shifters on my bike turned out to be defective (not super-unusual for the Shimano short-reach shifters, also totally not the shop's fault -- these things happen).  Since it was covered under warranty, BBB switched it out for a new set of shifters, at no cost to me.  I had my bike back in a couple days, no muss no fuss.My husband got a used road bike from Craigslist, and we brought it in for a tuneup.  The bike had several things wrong with it, due to a shoddy assembly job, and BBB basically took the entire bike apart and rebuilt it, cleaning it and replacing various worn-out bits.  I can't remember the total cost of this, but it was under $100.I would totally recommend BBB, due to their general awesomeness.  I haven't had any of the tuneup-related woes that other people have had with this shop, even when bringing in a bike that I haven't bought there.
5	I created an account just to review this shop, it's that awesome.This is by far the premier shop in all of western PA, and arguably the state. Glenn the shop owner is one of the most knowledgeable men in the U.S. when it comes to cycling.  Having spent time in Europe, and with some of the biggest names in the industry, he truly knows what he's talking about.Furthermore; he's a pleasure to talk to, incredibly friendly and passionate as anything about the sport.  As for bike fitting, this is the only shop I would go to, Glenn's knowledge and background can't be competed with, and he is incredibly thorough.Yes, they equipment is expensive, but that's a result of the quality they carry..not them setting prices high. Cycling is expensive, end of story. If you're looking to pick up your next huffy, go to walmart. If you want a quality bike that is going to fit you, and operate perfectly: go to big bang.
2	Bought a bike there on my second time in the shop.   Glen is very knowledgeable but can be a bit overwhelming, annoying and pushy, I can see how he can be very helpful to the average Joe, but if you are in his shop you should have done your homework, as this place is not walmart, mid to high level product here. I would encourage getting fitted and even buying a bike there, but going back for service is a whole different story.  Same day service is unheard of here, even for the simplest of adjustments, no service is available at all on the weekends.  the first time I took a bike there to have a rear derailer hanger replaced and re-adjusted (I had already purchased and had the hanger) 11 days went by before I returned to pick my bike up after not being called.  I figured it was just a fluke experience and gave them the benefit of the doubt.  The second time. I took a bike in to have a damaged shift lever replaced with a new 7800 pair. I called after 9 days and they said it wold be 2 days more.  when I showed up 2 days later it still wasn't done, it took 2 more following that, 13 days total.  Stay away from their service department
5	When you walk out of Big Bang Bikes you know you are buying a bike that fits YOU!  Glenn is amazing and he will help you reach your specific goals!  He has amazing passion and knowledge to make you more efficient and comfortable.  The best bike shop...by far.  Great prices and service.  We live in the north and won't hesitate to make the extra drive for anything bike related.
5	Great customer service!!!
5	This place is the absolute BEST to purchase a bike! I have been searching for a bike for a while now and every place I have gone to have not been NEAR has helpful as Glenn. The one guy in the shop helped pick me a bike for what I needed and Glenn fit me perfectly to the bike. They also helped me with the bike rack on my car and changed my bike saddle for me! Ohhhh and they gave me the best price on the bike and accessories!!!  Wonderful service. Absolutely will go back! ... Can't wait!
5	I've got to be honest, I don't think I've ever been as blown away by customer service as I was here. I went in about half an hour before closing, was not rushed at all. I basically just walked in and said I was interested in a road bike but knew very little about them (I'm a MTBr). I was helped by Glenn, who, within two minutes, had me sitting on a bike, measuring me and adjusting things, and explaining the physics behind positioning and angles and the difference between the male and female physique on a road bike. At no point did he try to upsell anything (in fact, he didn't even ask me about a budget). He just gave me a few things to think about before I invest in something new. He was very obviously focused on getting me the product that will give me the most efficiency and power for my needs. So very impressed...this is absolutely where I will be buying my bike.
5	If you're in the market for a high quality bike, whether it be road, mountain, racing, or hybrid, go to see Glenn at BBB.  It's very clear that he loves his shop and his job.  I explained my needs and preferences to him and he quickly fitted me with a bike that suited my needs.   I actually bought my Trek 7300 over 3 years ago and I absolutely love it!  He sells only the highest quality bikes and equipment.  Highly recommended.
5	Big Bang Bicycles is phenomenal! Amazing selection and service! I live in the San Francisco, Bay Area with plenty of premium bicycle shops available, but I do most of my cycling shopping at Big Bang Bicycles when I visit family in Pittsburgh. This shop carries top gear and has in stock tons of options so you can see, feel and evaluate them first hand to know what's going to give you the best feel and performance. Glenn, the owner, is very knowledgeable, friendly and you can feel his passion for cycling and making sure you get the right product and fit for you.  Even if you're not in the Pittsburgh area but you know what you want -- send your order to Big Bang Bicycles and I'm certain you'll have a great experience. Awesome shop! Thank you Glenn and team!
