1	Don't get me wrong, the gym itself is lovely, the facilities are great, the staff are polite and helpful on the whole. BUT, they are incredibly poor in customer service, in fact, less than incredibly poor, their customer service is non existent. In fact, even worse, I fully question their ethics, their honesty My experience beggars belief. For my birthday last year, I was given a present of a 3 month trial membership from my colleague, friend and boss. That was at the beginning of October. It was all paid for and was, to my mind, a membership for 3 months - after all that was what I had been given and I had been told nothing to the contrary. I went to the gym, along with others from the office, for the months of October, November and December 2011. 2012 brought a much more hectic schedule for me so I gave the gym very little thought and certainly never went there, after all, my subscription was for October to December. Fast forward to March and I start getting threatening phone calls from 07xxxxxxxx numbers, i.e. they look like they're simply mobile numbers of people you don't know. These calls weren't coming from David Lloyd either, no sir, these calls were from a debt collection agency called ARC whom David Lloyd had engaged in order to recover debt from me!! Yes. You read that right. I got a present of a gym membership for 3 months, it was an amazing present and I really enjoyed the gym too - but after the 3 months I neither used the gym nor had any inkling that I was still considered a member until I got a debt collection agency set on me. I have tried speaking to David Lloyd about this, they do not care in the slightest. They have confirmed to me that they only care about getting the money they claim I am due them. Unfortunately David Lloyd have demonstrated they have no interest whatsoever in their relationship with me, nor the fact that they have turned an ambassador (I believe they genuinely are a great gym, facilities, staff etc) into a hater. I can in no way any longer endorse either this gym or the parent company, simply because of their insistence that I pay for something I was never aware of being liable for.
3	i'm a pretty serious gym goer, so when my friend offered me one of her guest passes to David Lloyd i very happily agreed to go along.  i'd been a member of this gym when it was next generation and when i was a student and could get the seriously discounted student rate.  we arrived and i was signed in....after filling out a fairly lengthy questionnaire form as a guest.  why do they need to know my occupation and place of work?  but the staff at the front desk was lovely and after my form was complete we headed to the changing rooms.  there are actually two changing areas, the dry rooms if you're just going to the gym and the other changing area that connects to the pool.  think this is a nice touch as it adds to the number of lockers available meaning it's unlikely you wouldn't get one during a peak time.the fitness area is accessed via a flight of stairs and has stunning views across the firth of forth.  lovely to look on while working out!  it has all the usual equipment, but i felt like some of it was looking rather worn and had been there since before i was a member over 5 years ago....  there was a good number of machines and i was also assured by my friend that the gym never gets too busy so you can always get your machine of choice.  i also liked that they had a big central area with loads of mats to do sit ups and stretches (something i feel my current gym is lacking a bit...)there were two things i really enjoyed about this gym.  one after my work out i could go and use the pool area which includes a hot tub, sauna, and steam room.  very nice way to relax after a work out.  the second thing is the cafe, nothing better than a post workout coffee and snack.  although i noticed that they have changed their menu to be very healthy with no naughty options (no post gym nachos, very sad!!).  fair enough, it's a fitness centre, but people should have the option of ordering high calorie items if they want.i liked david lloyd, but i wasn't overly impressed that i would pay their incredibly high membership fees.  it's a nice treat and i hope my friend allows me another guest pass, but it's not the sort of fitness centre that i can really afford.
