4	I just happened to come across their new location on 215 and Sunset and decided to check it out. I was pleasantly greeted by the owner when I walked in. Their bakery was not fully stocked and operating yet so I tried one of their salads - the very berry salad was one of the tastiest and freshest salads I've had. Love all the flavors including the strawberries and the goat cheese was really creamy yet not overpowering. I also love that everything they make is organic and preservative free. A bit pricey but I think it's worth it considering that it's so delicious. I came back again today and ordered their bacon and egg pie (like a quiche) and it didn't disappoint.  My only gripe was that the slice could've been a little bit more generous.  Definitely will return again and maybe try their breakfast menu.
3	noticed the new business listing of Layers on Yelp.  It's almost the midpoint between the gym and the new house so why not take a peak after my morning work out.The lay out is nothing like the related Layers in Green Valley - meaning, no seating, no display cases.  The server advised me this location is where they cook for both places.  I wanted to get a few baked items to take on the road so i didn't look at the hanging boards listing the breakfast and lunch items.  I noticed slim pickin's for the baked goods sitting on some shelving - purchased :banana chocolate chip bread - nice banana and chocolate chip taste.  strange - the bread felt dense yet the bread was a little on the dry side.  Still, great flavor.White chocolate chip/Rasberry Bar - delicious !  The raspberry filling tasted great !Oatmeal with i believe caramel and chocolate chips - decent.  Moist, dense but not quite sure it all melded together.I'll definitely try again - hope they have a larger baked goods selection.Pics attached
5	This place is wonderful! Everything is organic, and all home made. They even make their own dressings! I had the spring house salad with chicken, and my husband had the egg salad sandwich. Both were delicious. The sandwich came with a side of cole slaw.  It was the best cole slaw I've ever had in my life. (I actually don''t really even like cole slaw!)The goodies looked delicious, but I figured we could come back to try those. The owner was very informative and personable. She just had great energy- one of those people that you want to just be around.I wish they had more seating- and they just might- if they can get enough business to buy the space next door. So go in there and try it! There's no way you won't like it!
1	When you are a fairly new business, you should never turn away a customer if you leave the door unlocked after closing time. Just popped in there to see what they had and I realized after I opened the door that it was after their business hours. When they looked at me funny I said "oh are you closed" "yeah we're closed" was the reply. Won't be going back there to rate the food. Too bad, looked like a cute little place. Should have at least let me come in to see what they had.
3	I had one of the best cupcakes EVER at the other Layers location, so I was excited to have this new location closer to my work. On my initial visit, I was disappointed when I walked in and saw very little as far as baked sweets. I ended up getting a chicken salad wrap. I personally did not care for the curried mayo, and unfortunately the sandwich can not be made without it. The service was friendly and the portion was good sized. I found the prices a little high, over $9 for a wrap which came with a small salad that was just greens and a couple slices of strawberry (I will say that the made-in-house dressing was excellent). This did not stop me from making another visit a couple months later. On my second visit I had the cafe croissant, which is a turkey, bacon and cheddar cheese sandwich on, you guessed it, a croissant.  This was an excellent sandwich, everything tasted fresh and the flavors complimented each other well. Again it was over $9 for the sandwich and side salad, but it was a very filling meal. I hope that Layers is someday able to expand and offer up more baked goods at this location. I can not rate a business that calls itself a 'Bakery Cafe' more than 3 stars when the multiple times I have gone in for delicious sweet baked goods have left me disappointed.
4	Yummy! Gluten free food! Just as good as the Henderson location.
5	I'm so happy we have a Layers in Summerlin! They made 12 dozen cookies for our company Rebel Reading Challenge student celebration. The butter cookies were custom designed as books with "Read!" on them in glitter icing. They made this happen with only 3 day notice and were absolutely delicious.
5	Delicious food!! Whether it's breakfast or lunch, Layer's will satisfy! Jeanne, the owner, is so sweet and an AMAZING baker. They did the most beautiful cake for a birthday party for us- and it was so yummy (and gluten free!). All menu items are so good, but I definitely recommend the hippie sundae or the spicy breakfast wrap. For lunch, you have to try the primal chili! The California salad is also a favorite. Mid you're satisfying a sweet tooth or looking for a healthy meal, Layer's is your place!
5	I've ordered here twice and got my coworkers hooked.  I loved the oven baked ham and Swiss. They keep it simple, just plain yummy. Can't wait to try some of their bakery items or even the breakfast. The owner is nice too. Only bummer is that I couldn't order lunch late one day I think they close at like 3pm boooo. But try them, they're great and fresh. Very homemade and not over processed
2	The food is incredible. Delicious and fresh. Unfortunately, the service is terrible. It borders on uncomfortable how rude the owner and some of the staff will treat customers.
1	I really wanted to like this spot, but from the moment I walked in the door everything that could possibly go wrong did.  First off, I had already reviewed their online menu and made a selection, but when I walked in the door that was invalidated.  Furthermore, I request ice water.  The cashier informs me that ice violates their lease agreement, so they can only offer room temp water. The menu was completely different, so I chose the roast beef sandwich on rosemary bread, as well as the spinach soup.  So first off the soup arrives and the server spills some of it on the table.  As she attempts to clean the table much more spills out.  She then takes the dirty looking rag and wipes my plate.  This process happens 3 more times.  She seemed like a very good employee trying to do the best with the cards her employer dealt her.At this point I'm a little unsure of how to proceed.  But then a few minutes later the sandwich, chips, & orange arrive.  The orange has clearly been cut without any cleaning, as the sticker is still attached, but cut through.I politely decide not to consume any more food from this point forward, as I have strong concern for their sanitation practices.  I notice that I'm the only customer in the place.  The only other table is occupied by 2 employees who seem to making higher level plans for the business, however they are completely oblivious to the customer experience taking place in the next table away from them. Honestly, I don't like to write 1 star reviews, but I would not personally eat here again.
5	Awesome gluten free selection! Very friendly and the food was amazing! Get the spicy breakfast burrito.. So delicious!
1	Stopped here after dr appt for quick but healthy breakfast. While reviewing the menu, a lady from back come up like she's going to take my order but instead, starts yelling at the cashier for taking orders over the phone without asking. Very rude to cashier not to mention the person on the other end of the phone. I order, pay $9 plus tip for a scramble with fruit and bread. Good was promptly delivered to my table, however, for $9 it was on the skimpy side. What looked like two smallish scrambled eggs, three pieces of baby spinach and a few mushrooms topped with less than a sprinkling of shredded cheese. Flavor was off, fishy almost. Didn't eat it. Fruit was about three slices of avocado with five grapes sliced in half. No bread. Will not be back.
1	Not a gluten friendly bakery! We called to make sure they have gluten free products on hand. They informed us they even have gluten free croissants. Upon arrival they only had nly GF whoopie pies and cupcakes. We were miss informed and wasted a trip from our hotel on the strip for nothing.  They would not even sell us a slice of their gluten free bread. If you are gluten free don't waste your time with this location
5	Cream of mushroom soup, chicken noodle soup, and messy grilled cheese sandwich. Cream of mushroom soup is full of mushroom flavor! Chicken noodle soup is super good and the grill cheese is fabulous made with homemade bread.
5	I've sampled the menu from both of their locations and although the cafe layouts aren't identical, the food is consistently good at both. I understand this location on the westside is where much of the goods are created, then delivered to the Henderson cafe. Hence, the footprint of the dining area is smaller here but still sufficient for service.We recently had sandwiches with salads and that's when I discovered that their Olive Oil & Rosemary bread is my favorite! I also like the Honey Whole Wheat loaf, and the Cream of Mushroom Soup is amazing. I took home extra soup and also used it to dress up some of my own recipes. The cheesecake is perfect, the pretzel rolls are also a favorite of mine, and I've tried so many of the desserts and sweets, I couldn't name them all but they're yummy!They specialize in organic, natural and gluten-free recipes. They don't take shortcuts and if you want good food made from scratch, you'll find it here. Prices reflect the quality ingredients they use. No preservatives or GMOs.The owners recently announced that they are REAL Certified (Responsible Epicurean and Agricultural Leadership) and in fact I searched other restaurants with this certification at eatreal.org -- this is so far the only restaurant in Las Vegas to have earned this certification. By now, I'm sure they're addressing the customer service issues noted in the past reviews. I haven't had any issues and I'd recommend this place simply for good food that happens to be healthy too. They were voted "Best of Las Vegas" multiple times which indicates to me that there are a lot more people like me who have had a consistently good experience, than those who did not.
5	Unique!!Wonderful quality, healthy and delicious food!Really love this place. They need to change hours listed. Closed Mondays, site says open.
