1	Stopped here a few days ago for lunch.  I was a car behind the one ordering at the speaker in the drive-thru with 2 more ahead of them. 5 minutes later the front car finally pulls out and I go up to order. I couldn't understand the employee and she could not understand me so I had to pretty much wait till I got to the window to order which is when she told me what I wanted would take about 10 minutes to come out. I noticed the car that was at the front of the line still sitting off to the side waiting so I decided against it. I can't comment on the good, but the drive thru service was painfully slow/non-existent. They also don't have much of a value meal menu and some of their meal prices are pretty high. I wouldn't recommend stopping by.
4	I don't eat fried chicken very often, as a kid growing up in Texas, I remember my father having Church's once a week for lunch.  I would come in from school and he'd be at the table eating, reading his new paper, and there in the chair next to him, our family cat, waiting patiently for a nibble.  So today while out and about town, my husband had a great idea, let's try Church's. The Louisiana chicken place by the house had closed for some time now, so it made sense to try it again.Crunchy, juicy, hot out of the fryer, this chicken is delicious. I had a side of fried okra and enjoyed my meal.  I haven't had Church's in such a long time, I had forgotten how it tasted.
4	The wings are ginormous!We love Church's, wish they had more here in the Valley.  I love the spicy, we get the huge wings only ( oh, there not called huge wings)  I have know idea, where they get chicken with wings like these.  I usually can't even eat both of them in the 2 piece meal. Yes, they will charge you a little more for 2 wings or all wings, WHAT EVER!  It's worth it.
2	My husband and I decided to go to Church's and Popeye's and bring both home and have a taste test. Both had pretty good food, and I really like that I could get fried okra at Church's, but I still have to only give it two stars based on the experience. Church's was dirty, the building looked ancient, and it seemed like nothing was upgraded since it opened. There were flies, the door was messed up, and although I didn't notice my husband pointed out that the air conditioning was flawed. That was not the worst problem though. Now before anyone calls me a racist, I have no problem with people who can claim that English is their second language. I do have a problem with someone who can barely speak English, and the English they do speak is impossible to understand. She seemed like a perfectly nice person, but she should be working as a food preparer instead of taking orders. I feel the lack of customer service and the ambiance really took away from the experience, and it was not surprising that while Popeye's was doing a rather large lunch business, Church's was empty except for one other customer.
4	Drive thru is painfully slow still.  And the speaker system where your order is still hard to hear because of all the static.  After you order and pull up to the window it took about 8 minutes or so for me to get the food.  I will say I love eating the food every once in awhile.  Lucky I was the only one in line
1	For a not so busy fast food restaurant,  they are constantly out of menu items or you will have to wait at least 10 min for them to prepare your food.  On my final visit, the cashier recognized me and said, "We always seem to be out of what you want".  How nice of her to acknowledge my willingness to be dissatisfied.
3	The only reason this place gets 3 stars is because the food is always good. The customer service on the other hand is horrendous. They're ALWAYS out of menu items and I had to repeat my order THREE DAMN TIMES to the guy that took it. And he managed to forget my biscuits even after hearing it three times. I honestly don't know how he still has his job.
