5	FYI im giving this place 5 stars not because its a Four Seasons type of place, it ges a fine rating based on value, location and quality service....i recently spent 4 days at Binions and it was great....clean rooms with coffee machine and plenty of room......make sure to watch at least one local newscast a day...the news is Crazy in Las Vegas with lotsa wacky personalities on the air.....our room had a makeup mirror/nook thingy...muy fancy...we had a view of the Fremont St Experience and it was a great view of the Strip at night....the Coffee Shop has great food at a great price with excellent service..we had an excellent gentleman named Andrew who was the consummate professional and really was an all around great server.. ...i would recommend the Prime Rib Special...actually my pik shows me right before digging into it!..notice the shock when i see how much food is in front of me.....its not a healthy meal at all but it is a guilty pleasure....Binions gaming is good with plenty of gaming from slots to table games...i recommend going to the bar that is open at night on Fremont St and purchase a drink in a souvenir glass....either the bubble pilsner glass or my personal favorite...the plastic football that they fill with beer....it is a great way to start the night off....the service all around this place was great...everyone was friendly and helpful.....this place is such a great value....i cant wait to go back
4	My rating is not so much for the casino/hotel, but for the Cafe inside.  Its the place to go for food at 4am.  Inexpensive and big portions.  You may have to wait longer if theres a crowd. The best is the Prime Rib dinner/breakfast..I think it was only $6.95.  Yummmm!
4	I love Binions' casino, I always have a great time, they have wonderful poker tourneys going all day and all night long which is just awesome for me.I don't like their blackjack, I really just go for the poker, but it's fantastic.  When I went this last trip one of the dealers got smart with me, I was telling a story about my last trip to Vegas and how a hand went, he immediately snarked at me about how "this isn't online poker" and that I didn't know what I was talking about.  Excuse me buddy, but I wasn't talking about online poker, I was livid, so instead of staying at the table and losing my money, I walked away with a stack of chips.  I also made an equally snarky comment at the fact that he was going to receive a tip, but now he wouldn't be.I told another dealer of my upset and he took it super personally, was SO apologetic and it just goes to show that the majority of the worker's are super loyal to their casino.I don't like the new director of tourneys, I miss the old guy, but eh, it is what it is.
5	This rating is for the Binion's Pool ONLY as I did not stay in this hotel.  Brian was a GREAT bartender and kept the drinks flowing all day. The entire staff was friendly and responsive. There was a great mix of family's, couples and singles on the day we were there, Saturday 5/23. Located on top of the hotel, it was a bit windy but with the weather topping out at 93 degree's the pool and breeze felt terrific! Such a completely wonderful and relaxing day at the pool.Thanks to the staff that kept the music good and the blended margharita's flowing!
4	The classic poker experience.  Classic in that "playing in Ebbets Field"-sort of way.  This is basically where the poker boom started, and still keeps going.  They have a lot of tournaments, multiple times a day during their special events.Simple but satisfying dining choices.And their "seasoned" craps dealers keep the game lively.
4	Simply the best bang for your  buck in all of Las Vegas, I have searched every place in this whole city and have found nothing that comes close to this place for how nice this hotel is for the price, I will always stay here when I plan on staying in Vegas for more than a week or don't have a lot of money to spend but still want to have a whole Las Vegas experience...... I Love Binions this place is great!Also the pool is on the roof with an awesome view its really really cool definately check it out!
2	Meh, I've had better faster service with thee cocktail girls at other places.
4	It's old and mildly depressing, the walk there is in a run down casino with low ceilings and it's in the mildly depressing failure of a revitalization that is downtown Las Vegas.But, it's legendary.  The World Series of Poker started here with one legendary month long game.  Up until just a few years ago, even after the Binion family sold the World Series of Poker to the Harrah's Corporation, the Final Table was held here too.  I believe they still have pictures on the walls of former World Series of Poker main event champions.If you expect all of that history to seep into your game and run into great players, you're mistaken.  Binion's 1-2 no limit game late at night is a dream for even an okay player.  I've have great experiences there with absolutely rock solid dealers (that unlike some in Reno would NEVER comment on board texture) and very friendly treatment by poker room management.It's a very good later destination with a low no limit game guaranteed to be rolling and a nice break from the strip.  I've had good experience and luck here (in the form of game selection) and I suspect that you will too.Haven't tried the other services here, but I suspect it's done pretty well.  It's that or the thing dies because you just can't compete with the spectacle that is The Strip.If you haven't, make sure to check out the nearby Fremont Street Experience too.  Lots of fun.
5	I am never going to play golf at Augusta. But I can now say that I have played poker at the Augusta of poker. This place is absolutely phenomenal - and not just for the history and pagentry that drips off the walls, not just for the poker hall of fame picitures that adorn the wall outside, but for the mostly pleasant crowd who play there, and for the fantastic dealers.Me and my pals whiled away 7 hours of a Sunday afternoon here and it was without question the highlight of our trip. One of my buddies got 4 Queens and got $120 bonus from the high hand pot they have there - even sweeter.
3	I've never played poker here, because I am normally just the wing lady. My boy plays cards, and I get free drinks while I watch. Best part about the Binion's, is free parking with validation in the poker room. It's just a machine you walk up to and slide your ticket in. Best spot to park if you are just coming to check out Downtown.
5	This is one of the places that launched my poker playing career.  I used to come down here in the afternoon and play tournaments until the sun went down and came back up.  This room was the first place I won 5 figures.Years later, I still enjoy playing here.  The tournament staff are pretty much the best in town, led by one of my favorite people in poker, Paul.  They're friendly, the structures are good, and the rake is reasonable.  I only wish they got more people these days.If you're a poker fan, you have to play here at least once in your life.  After all, the started the World Series of Poker here!!!
5	Such a fun room to play in. The best dealers ever, so friendly.
4	Binion's is the original home of the World Series of Poker which makes this room a must visit for any true poker player. The room doesn't really have the same feeling that it once did but the floor staff lead by Paul is always on point. Unfortunately the dealers are mostly useless and some of them are very slow. If you can get over that fact you can enjoy the experience.
5	The single best poker room in the country! 'nuff said.
5	love this place. right when your about to walk in you can look to the left and the right and see the wall of past wsop champions. there's usually is a cash game going at all times. awesome staff. waitress is always around to take your order. lots of fish to make money off of on the weekends. great daily tournaments as well.
4	Honestly, I thought it'd be bigger...
3	A casino catered to the local residents located downtown Las Vegas. It is located in within the Downtown Fremont Experience. Reasonable buy-in at tables and not as crowded as the casinos on the strip.
4	Very nice, very friendly staff and dealers.  Played here once, 2-4 limit.  The dealers were very good, kept the game moving, and didn't mind chatting with the players during the game.  Lots of regulars in the 1-2NL games, but 2-4 limit game was mainly tourists.  They only had 3 games going, but I went there around 11pm.  A couple of days later when I came over around that time they only had one game going.  Worth a stop if you are downtown.
5	Don't forget to check out the Elvis museum. In the back they have a store where you can buy some nice shirts and coats for a reasonable price.
5	I'm still a poker novice, but I had a great time last week spending much of it in Binion's poker room. The floor staff was great, quick resolution on any issues like a misdeal. The wait staff was very friendly and awesome keeping us stocked on refreshments. And who could ignore the amazing history of the game that is ensconced on its walls. That alone is worth the trip.
5	old school baby , come here and lose your cash :) i hear they have a good stake house even tho i don't eat meat ... in my books downtown its a must visit to enjoy the full LV experience and  Binion's its kinda where it started also the latest binion owner had a crazy life and even more crazier death with girlfriend  being involved and them digging in the desert a gold and silver vault :) look it up
