4	The baths is a historic building that was renovated about 10 years ago. They stripped off all the 1960's crap and restored many of the victorian features. The Turkish Bath is unique in Edinburgh and is so pretty inside. The main pool has a polyfloor, which means that they can play water polo with a overall depth of 2 mts. There is a nice dance studio, gym and you can still get a hot bath here. Portobello Amateur Swimming Club are based here. They have provided Scottish swimming with a few champions.
4	A beautiful Victorian baths right on the sea front. On my first time here the waves were practically breaking over the baths.There is far more to offer than just the swimming pool and fitness equipment most leisure centres have, although these facilities are to a good standard. The real attraction is the Turkish Baths, this is your chance to return to the pleasures the Romans enjoyed, experience the caldarium, tepidarium and frigidarium. Ending with a good sweat in the steam room.It's a unique experience, an open lay-out with plenty of space and a wonderfully relaxed atmosphere. This is the ultimate Edinburgh chill-out zone, while the kids play in the pool.
3	As a kid growing up, I think I was rather spoiled, as I had swimming lessons at Portobello, following up with training at the Commonwealth Pool. As a swimmer, both are generous sized pools, and much more pleasant than the average pool at a gym. I haven't swam at Portobello in years, but it holds fond memories for me. Of changing in the pseudo Victorian changing stalls (I am not even sure if they still exist or not), the cold showers, and learning how not to sink. I swear there was an Octopus on the floor too, but that might be my mind playing tricks on me. Anyway, I can't comment any more as it is all about the reminiscing. I was a pretty soggy kid!We did visit recently to use the gym facility at Portobello. As part of Edinburgh Leisure, it was definitely the most busy out of the gyms we have used so far. Given it was a week day in January in a busy up and coming town, that probably isn't a surprise. Rather pleasant though... apart from I would prefer individual changing rooms rather than the communal one that is offered... saying that though, it does feel that Portobello has tried to pack in a lot of facilities into one space. I'll go back for sure, but remains to be seen if it feels ultimately too overcrowded or not. Otherwise, the building is architecturally still fab.
4	The gym had a refurb last year & although it's smaller than the one at Meadowbank, it's got a good selection of machines & i've never had any trouble getting on anything on the odd occasion I've ventured in. I have to confess that I've never ventured into the pool despite being the owner of an Edinburgh Leisure membership for the last 2.5 years....The building itself is lovely & old. it's fair to say that some bits have withstood the test of time better than others.  The best thing about it though is the cafe on the first floor. It's at the front, has lots of windows making it light & airy & more importantly, gives great views of the beach. I love sitting up there with a pot of tea & a freshly baked scone watching the waves crash onto the beach. They serve generous portions of the brekkie stuff.  Their bacon rolls are generously stuffed & very filling, scrambled eggs are fluffy & come piled high on mounds of toast but my favourite is their home baking. I'm a sucker for a good scone. They do fab scones which are always fresh from the oven. Perfect after a run along the Prom. In fact their scones are the reason I run along the Prom. There's nothing like the promise of a reward to make me get out of bed on a Saturday morning & go for a run.
