5	Great place!!! real close to Mills Ave where are the fun is.  Hotel provides a shuttle service to any area within 4 miles.  so shuttle over  to mills get drunk and cab it back.   Place offers breakfast, it's just waffles and fruit i was not impressed but it was available.  rooms are nice I had a 2 queen suite with a couch bed was perfect for 4 people.  place doesn't have a bar
3	We needed a hotel room near ASU that we could sleep 3 adults in separate beds. We were hesitant to pay a higher price (there were cheaper places) to stay close to ASU, not knowing if the property was nice or safe. However, it was very nice, comfortable, friendly and quiet, and it seemed to be in a safe area. The rooms were clean. Watch out flushing the toilet, it is strong and fast! It was a little noisy in the halls but not unbearable, and it took several tries to figure out how to set the A/C unit to a comfortable temperature. The sofa sleeper was full size and fairly comfortable. The breakfast was standard continental style with make-your-own waffles. Internet didn't work, the clerk said it was often out. Great location for ASU and surrounding area.
2	My husband & I have stayed here on previous vacations to attend Spring Training & our previous experiences were much better than this past 1. We stayed there  March 7th - 15th. When we  checked in the 1st room  the previous guest had  smoked in the room & between the air freshener & the open window (it was raining) the cigarette smoke was still very strong. We requested another room &  were accomodated. TV channel selection stated approx. 15 channels &maybe 6 were  available. Then one night we returned to the room & it had never been cleaned. We notified the front desk about the TV ch, fan in bathroom inoperable & the lack of cleaning & the 1st question was Did you remove the 'do not disturb' sign?, & yes we had. The clerk provided clean towels &said, if you come down to breakfast tomorrow you can let the manager know. Poor Customer Service, the clerk should provide the mgr the info not the guest...Unfortunately, we will not stay here next year.
