5	I love going to get my hair done at Boujis!  It is so welcoming. While the salon is current with all the latest styles and trends, you don't feel put off by attitude. Dona, the owner, always greets you with a smile and knows you by name.  One of my favorite things about Boujis is that they do not let clients walk back on a whim to talk to the stylists and interrupt them while they work.  My time is my time!  Okay, call me selfish, but I like having the undivided attention of Ainslie when she is working her magic on my hair!  The other thing I love about Boujis is that the salon is light and bright, so when Ainslie colors my hair, we're looking at it with natural light, not the artificial light mimiced in many salons these days.Speaking of Ainslie, I give her an A+.  I am a pretty easy client, and I like to change up my look, but when my hair doesn't need color, and I insist that I want it, she does not give in! She truly cares not only about the look she creates, but also the health of your hair.
5	I've had my hair cut by Molly many times!  I have to say, she gives the best haircuts and it is always easy to style.  Molly is a great listener and wants you to love your hair!  I would highly, highly recommend Molly!!! I now live in Austin, TX and wish that I could have "a Molly cut "every 6-8 weeks.  Fortunately,  I do get to Arizona often and make sure I make an appointment with Molly!
5	I went to Boujis for the first time on a 1/2 off deal so I was nervous about the quality of the salon and stylists at booking.  They choose a stylist for me and I have to say, they chose very well!  I was so impressed with Michelle and am bummed she will be taking leave late in the summer.  I have thick, course hair that I wear straight even though it has some natural "wave".  She gave me easy, practical styling types that make doing my hair a breeze (which this new mama really appreciates).  The cut was amazing and her assistant Erica was spectacular too.  I will definitely be back even though it's a little bit of a drive for me!
5	So I saw this deal on Livingsocial and I am all about bargains, 50% off on shampoo, cut and style with Molly. I read the reviews before purchase and I will say that I was pleasantly surprised. I am not a Scottsdale girl and with the name Boujis Salon & Spa...I was expecting "The Scottsdale Persona". Molly was down to earth, sweet as could be and listened when I said to take as little length as possible. She did just that. No up-sale on products, just straight forward. The cut is great lots of layers, I have curly hair and layers make it a breeze to work with. Would recommend!
1	This is a LONG overdue review, but here goes:I bought a living social offer that included a hair cut, highlights or color, conditioning treatment and glass of wine for $75.00 with Michael Joseph. I regret ever buying this offer and here's why:I called and left a message and about three days later I get a call back to schedule my appointment. So I did and I went in. I came in a few minutes past 3:00 pm and was worried that I was late (mind you, I drove from Glendale to North Scottsdale, that's a 30 minute + drive). I literally sat there for about 30 minutes before Michael came over. Actually, even before he greeted me, he went up to the front desk girl and whispered something to her that I KNEW was about ME. I've worked at a Salon in North Scottsdale before at the front desk area and whenever a stylist would come up to me while a guest was waiting, it wasn't to tell me something nice about them. So right there was a red flag, but I had already waited 30 minutes and I pre-paid for the service, so I decided to go through with it. So after that, he disappeared for a few minutes and then, finally came out and greeted me. I had told him I wanted the highlights and hair cut. He insisted that he didn't want to put any color in my hair since I had dyed my hair a medium blonde a few weeks ago. He said to wait a few weeks before putting any sort of color/highlights in it. At first, we went back and forth a bit, because I'd been to other salons with a similar situation of dying my hair a less then desirable color and they would put highlights in it anyway (AND I've never had any problem with it). However, he really didn't want to do it, so I said alright. We agreed on the hair cut and that I would come back in a couple of weeks and he would color it then.Hair cut experience: So he washes my hair, blow drys and then cuts it! Who does that?! Stylists have always cut my hair when it was wet, not dry. The hair cut I got was one I could have gone across the street to Great Clips to get. Seriously, it would have saved me a long drive and $$$. The cut is so bland, blunt and when I got home I noticed a few longer strands that I had to cut myself. I feel like I got ripped off. I can't believe they have someone who cuts hair like that in North Scottsdale. After a couple of weeks, I decided not to go in for color... Ah well.P.S. I never did get that glass of wine (or was at least offered it when I was there for my hair cut), but I think I got a conditioning treatment (or at least he put conditioner in my hair).
5	Awesome salon with wonderful stylists!
5	I come to this salon for Molly & Michelle. Normally I have Molly and one time she wasn't available so she recommended Michelle, who was also fantastic. As a guy with medium-long hair, I really have no idea what I'm doing. So I can't go into supercuts or a place like that, because those stylists need so much direction, and I never know what to tell them. Molly and Michelle consult me, they tell me what looks good and execute on their own opinions.  I'm always really happy with their work, I always come out of there feeling great and happy with my hair. My fiance also likes how my hair looks after a visit. With them I have never had that second-guessing uneasy feeling of "maybe I should go back and ask for a little bit more off the top." I also want to mention that I've seen a complaint on this page about a living social offer. I just want to comment that those deals are a huge rip-off for hair stylists. The discount comes out of their pocket and only benefits the salon. That's not an excuse for poor customer service, but I think if you come in on one of those deals you shouldn't demand the sun and moon in return, because the stylist loses out on any services you order from them. Just my opinion. If I came in on one of those deals I would feel like the guy who comes into a store 5 mins before closing. Yes, technically you're still in before closing time, but don't expect to get friendly looks from any of the employees.
5	I stopped a woman to ask where she has her hair done because her highlights were stunning! She said her stylist is Ricky and gladly gave me his phone number at Bijous.(I'm so particular about my hair that I used the same stylist for 20 years, even scheduling visits back home to AZ when we lived in southern CO over 7 years to use my same stylist! And yes, I tried several stylists where we moved to with pretty unhappy results! )After moving back home to AZ, I'd been struggling to find a new stylist after my favorite retired, until I saw the lady with the great highlights and found Ricky! I can honestly say that after more than two years with Ricky, his ability to create just right color and most flattering cut has given me the same level of confidence and enjoyment as my past favorite stylist! Ricky is all about you having exactly what you want, whether it's the exact same style or if you have the urge to change things up. He really listens and discusses what you have in mind, and I've not once left the salon without being thrilled with both my cut and color! I can't say enough about Ricky as well as the friendliness of the staff at the salon.  I might have to remove this post if it starts getting too hard to get an appt with him... what was I thinking?!  ;-)
