5	Blockbuster this ain't!  This is quite possibly the best independent video store in greater Phoenix.  It regularly wins "Best of Phoenix" type accolades and for good reason.  It's small, locally-owned and specializes in hard-to-find titles - with hundreds of foreign (French, Spanish, etc...I even found an Israeli title once), black & white films, arthouse-indie flicks, and a large gay and lesbian selection - along with other films (wink wink) as well.  My favorite section has to be the area organized by famous directors and cult selections.  I admit I have splurged on a few David Lynch and John Waters marathons thanks to Movies on Central.My only gripe is the time limit on rentals (two days on new releases) and they close early (10 pm during the week).  But it's not a big deal in the grand scheme of things.The staff here is always friendly and helpful, and who can not smirk at the high-heel easy chair in the Central Ave. window?Two words for that:  Fucking Klassy.
5	This place is awesome. They have the best selection of independent and foreign films. The staff is always so helpful and knowledgable. It's overflowing with that laid-back, downtown homegrown vibe. It's fabulous!I will warn you though - this place is difficult to get to right now with all of the lightrail construction on Central. Don't let this stop you - you'll be missing out if you do!
4	Movies On Central. Look. I feel bad I don't visit more often. I really do. You're like that quiet little cousin I see and think, "Hey, I should really hang out with you more." And Blockbuster is that loud, obnoxious cousin that's always getting in your face. Truth be told I'm not a really indie/arty movie guy. Kinda lame and mainstream. I like my chick flicks. Give me Steel Magnolias, 9 to 5 and Big Business any day of the week. But, I'm impressed with your stamina. Weathering this construction madness and not sucking up to Blockbuster. You pack quite a wallop in that little space. I promise I won't wait until the next family reunion to drop by. In fact, I'll be by this weekend, and I'll take you home to share a bucket of Orville's best and a liter of Dr. Pepper.
5	I'm a huge movie buff.  Huuuuge.4 or 5 years ago, I walked into Movies on Central looking for something or other.  I didn't find it, but liked the place all the same.  Good selection.  Actually, probably a better selection than anywhere else in town.  But seeing as I lived in Ahwatukee at the time, I didn't have much cause to make the trek.  Besides, Netflix had everything I needed.Now that I live much closer and MoC (that abbreviation is probably annoying, but I'm tired) is more or less on my way home from work, I can stop in easily.  So I did last night, in search of a film called Dementia 13.  I called ahead to verify they had it and hopped in my car.  Central Ave is still a big pain in the ass thanks to light rail construction, but I got there with little trouble.  I don't have much more to say other than the selection is still great, the guy who helped me sign up was really friendly, and I'll probably be back.  I still have Netflix, but I look forward to MoC satisfying my appetite for instant gratification.
5	I've been giving a lot of 5-star reviews lately, but (in my opinion) they all deserve it.  Movies on Central RULES.  They have 99.9% of every movie title we've looked for.  Since summer started, we've been in there at least once a week.  Bonus:  they have a water cooler right by the door.  Sweet!
5	Now that I'm living back in Central PHX I got a membership once again at Movies On Central. I love their selection and I can usually find that odd arty flick here that most other video stores don't carry. Just like this weekend I was searching for "Ladies and Gentleman Introducing The Fabulous Stains" starring a teenage Diane Lane and Movies on Central had it! I like how they have a cult movie section and section off movies by director.If you are a movie buff this store is for you.
5	Phoenix just got a lot more livable.My standards for movies rental places have always been Vidiots in Santa Monica or Old Bank DVD in downtown LA, but this place has etched a new spot on that list. Since moving back to Phoenix, I tend to get movies from the Burton Barr branch of the Phoenix Public Library downtown. I know it's a public library, but it actually has an awesome and extensive collection of foreign films and just about a every title from the Criterion Collection you can feast your cineaste eyeballs on. Anyway, I was browsing the foreign section and was pretty impressed. It wasn't the usual, pitiful selection most rental places usually have that pretty much is made up of The Seventh Seal, Seven Samurai, maybe a French title, and an overload of pre-Loaded Weapon 4 Jet Li martial arts films. No, sir. While it's not as big as the stock at the downtown library, it's still pretty good and they have alot of recent films.What sold me was when I was wandering around the store. I came across something that I normally haven't found in any video store: Russ Meyer films. If you have never seen "Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!", I suggest you scrap any plans you have tonight, break up with your significant other if necessary, go here, and rent it immediately. Buying a copy of a Russ Meyer films is ludicrous process that is both arduous and expensive, but you can just go in here and rent them.Along with that, you can find just about any cult film you're looking for and probably find titles you've never heard of or seen, like I did. There's literally a whole wall that's just labeled "CULT FILMS". I dropped in here last night for the first time and rented a copy of Russ Meyer's "Vixen" and a title that I had seen in Amoeba but never watched called "A Boy and His Dog". It's a film about Don Johnson (yes, of Miami Vice) surviving in a post-apocalyptic world with his telepathic dog and fighting off a cult of underground humans led by Jason Robards in clown, drag make-up. Need I say more?If you're looking for a hard-to-find title, or even a popular one, drop in here and keep this place alive. When you have an itch for a film right away that can't wait for Netflix, as I do on regular occasions, this spot will be sure to please.If you have any taste in film, I repeat.... GO HERE TO FIND WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR!
