2	Friendly, personable service but their rules for "appointments" are bull. If I'm waiting there 15 minutes and 5 people walk in with "appointments" meaning they called before they drove over they all jump me in line no matter how long I've been waiting. They need to change this policy to avoid pissing off people who forget to call.
1	You want cheap you get cheap service.Walked in for a quick haircut. One customer getting a haircut and 3 stylists sitting around doing nothing but talking about their boyfriends and what time break is and what malls they shop at. After waiting 10 mins and not even being acknowledged I walked out and spent my money at their competition across the street.What a joke this place is. They are not even interested in giving you service.
1	I used to go here often.  I was never really happy with them, but I had to go some place and the price was cheap.  Let me tell you about my last experience there.  Upon arrival I had my name put on the list and waited for my turn.  Another guy arrived and the hostess let him go ahead of me.  I complained.  She stated that he had a reservation.  When my turn came I was seated next to the guy.  We began to talk.  He told me that he did not have a reservation.  Basically, the hostess let him go ahead of me because he was younger and better looking than me.  I vowed to never go to any Supercuts ever again.  I know I should not condemn a whole chain because of the rude actions of one person, but that is what I have done.
5	$15 bucks straight up. Probably the fastest haircut of my life. Lady was very nice and did exactly what I asked. Didn't make an appointment. Just walked in. Waited about 10 minutes.
5	I stumbled in a few days before Christmas just to get my bangs trimmed up. It was busy, I was greeted right away, waited a few minutes and then sat with Shannon. That was just about 2 years ago now. Every girl in the shop has been doing hair at least ten years, they are one of the busiest salons in the chain. I was one of those girls who looked down on this type of establishment super cuts, great clips, etc. But I've been getting highlights, low lights, full color service, cuts and style here since that faithful day in December 2011. Shannon knows what she's doing and will not lead you a stray with any crazy ideas you might pickup from a magazine or tv show. I hope others will not judge and just give it a try as it was the best choice since I relocated to Vegas from a Orange County California. I don't even live near this salon anymore yet I drive 30plus minutes.
5	Great Hair Cut ! Tammy is perfect !!!
4	Just had a super cut! Michele did a great job of explaining what steps she was taking and what the result would be. And it came out like she said. I had called ahead and my name was on the waiting list when I got there. I was in and out in 20 minutes. I will definitely be back.
4	I have been different  SuperCuts locations but this one is my favorite. I usually get here early so I don't have to wait. The ladies are all friendly and like to talk. I will continue to keep coming here.
5	Always a great experience.  Fast service,  friendly and knowledgeable staff. Clean facility.
