5	The Funk House is one of those antique stores that just begs you to touch everything.  It's packed to the brim with loads and loads of...well, just of stuff.  Really cool, fun antiques.  If you like to browse and hunt for that treasure, this is a great place to do it.The Funk House is also a cornerstone at First Friday.  On those nights, find various merchants set up storefront and sometimes a few surprises the store as well.This is a great, great place for anyone who dresses theatre or movie sets.  Huge selection of everything you can think of and lots of things you probably can't.
4	As you drive up, it is easy to spot.  Just look for the suits of armor in the window.  When you enter, it doesn't smell funky at all, which is nice.  I was hoping they didn't name the store based on that.Anyway, you will find quite an assortment of interesting items at this establishment.  They have a great selection of things you never knew you needed or wanted!  Vintage model planes, a cheetah print bar with barstools, exotic furniture, a coffin, and a slew of miscellaneous items both large and small.The woman working here never came out of her office to say hello, but I didn't mind as I was just browsing around anyway.  This is a great place to work into the circuit if you like antique shopping in the desert.  However, they didn't have a very large selection of Vegas-related items.  I will try back.  You never know what you might find since inventory changes daily.
5	One of the best antique stores in the Southwest - especially if, like me, you like to poke around and find weird things. Fuzzy pastel coffins. Netsukes. Vintage signs. Paintings. Really a worthwhile place to visit.
5	one of the best places on town for finding anything you want from the past.  the owner, cindy, is an absolutely amazing woman who has given the city of las vegas a venue to show art.  she supports the art community with so much enthusiasm.  her shop is a MUST GO if you like the weird, the zany or just love looking at old vintage things.  i would highly recommend this place to anyone..............love it...
5	A wonderful selection and knowledge about various collectibles and antiques. Everything is priced right and call ahead to find out if they have any specific sales that week.  A fun place to be on First Friday.
5	Jeeze, how do you describe a place like this? An antique store doesn't really do it justice. Art, furniture, collectables, hard to find goodies. Whoever finds this stuff has quite an eye. You can loose yourself grazing through isles of old school goodness. A lack of high pressure sales tactics keep this place inviting too. Whacky, weird and wonderful.
4	I've been wondering about this place for some time, especially every time I pass by on "First Friday". Finally went this past "First Friday" with a friend. Huge collection of furniture (gossip chair- figure 8- pretty neat, actually), ivory tusks (how sad), kick knacks (decor), other miscellaneous items (really old coffee cans) and estate jewelry in several big display boxes (very impressive- I saw a few beauties, a few were in my price range...maybe next time) from the 1940s, 1950s, 1960s, 1970s,  and1980s (magazine purse- never seen it, but my friend was telling me about them that same night, what a coincidence). The collection is huge but mostly needs a dusting badly. Some of the items displayed were in questionable condition. It's pretty warm inside since there are a lot of people in there- a small area, all the body heat. There were a few spots where the fan was hitting, but you could only pass by, since the line to move along was pretty constant. I think all the bodies made it feel even hotter too, but what can you do? Interesting. Could be a great source for a movie house. I spotted someone who could be the owner but he disappeared.
4	Whoa holy hell, where do I begin to review this spot filled with a hodgepodge of quirky knick knacks, antiques, old ointment, even older food items and retro radio goodness?! Just like nearly everyone else on here reviewing Funk House, I happened to stumble (I had a few drinks earlier) upon it during a First Friday at the arts district and was amused to find this store filled with vintage, old, cultural and kitchy items, artwork, furniture toys and more. Everything is seemingly haphazardly placed unless its behind a display counter, but that's part of its charm I guess? It's probably one of the better known antique stores in the area because of its primo, corner location -- but don't miss the handful of other vintage/antique shops in the area!
1	My boyfriend and I were so stoked to come here, there is the phone and hours of operation in big print on the building and an open sign in the window, but wait a second all the doors are locked. We came when it SHOULD be open but it wasn't and no sign explaining the reason why it wouldnt be open. The lights inside were on also so it was weird, we also asked another shop right across from it and she said " I don't know whats going on with her, someone came the other day and she was closed maybe shes on vacation?" Total disapointment especially since I love antiques and thrifting. I was way pissed. Very unproffesional.
5	Super fun place to visit as a tourist. Abt a half mile frm the Stratosphere, but also easy to get to by the double decker bus on the strip since it is only a block away from a bus stop. I wish it was open past 5 cause as a tourist that's when I'm getting started :-) Bring a small carry on bag so you can roll around whatever you get & not have to go straight back to your hotel room.
5	Super cool place! We found a love of great stuff, that I couldn't fit on the plane with me sadly. She even had a pair of authentic Womb Chairs with their ottomans! Gorgeous!!! They also carry local artists works in the back room. Many interesting pieces, and a lot of great t-shirts!
2	This place seems to have a lot of hype and I wasn't too impressed. The store was fun to walk through and waste some time browsing. But anything I found which I liked, I would check the price tag and immediately was turned off. I was baffled by how inflated the prices are! I know that a little haggling isn't out of the question, but the prices weren't even in the right ball park. We did end up buying something, but the sales person didn't seemed to enthusiastic about helping us. There was just 1 thing we wanted to buy but it was locked in a display case so we needed her help. While we waited I heard her take not 1 but 2 personal calls. Then while we were in the middle of our sale she stopped helping us and went to check on another couple. Sure, that other couple seemed to be buying much more than us, but even with that taken into consideration it seemed rude. Maybe I hit The Funk House on an off day. Maybe not.
1	This store is a dump with a mediocre selection of overpriced antiques and trinkets - most of which are entirely forgettable. Additionally, the woman who was working there is extremely rude.
1	Avoid this place unless you want your antiquing experience ruined. I don't think the owner has all of her marbles.  She showed me some items that weren't priced yet then refused to another item that WAS priced saying it was too low! I won't be back.
4	Great place for unique gifts.  Recent purchases include Christmas gifts for family and Valentines Day gift for my wife.  Awesome place packed with cool stuff.
5	I love The Funk House. It's a giant treasure cove filled with hidden gems. I've been there dozens of times and have yet to see everything. This is a great place for those who love the adventure of hunting for an antique deal. There are frequent sales and always something new to see. I've purchased a couple of items from this store at very reasonable pricing that I know I will cherish forever. There are definitely notable names and artists with items in this store. It makes me wish I knew more about antiques and interested in learning about them. The Funk House is truly a staple of downtown.
