4	Hello Delhi! I kept seeing signs for this on my way back from work. Tucked away in an unassuming corner off of Mansfield Blvd, Cafe Delhi is a treat for your taste buds. Their concept breaks the typical Indian restaurant mold. Fast food, tea, coffee, Indian specialty beverages and tapas at reasonable prices! The menu is simple with recognizable Indian dishes as well as some new ones. This place is meant for snacking and take out. I ordered two popular Indian snacks, Pani Puri and Papdi chaat. Pani puri (fry bread with water - literally) consists of little puffs of fried crispy dough filled with spiced potatoes and cilantro chutney. They come with a small pouring bowl filled with spicy savory water that's slightly chilled. The perfect way to eat them is to fill your golden crisp puff with the water and pop it in your mouth before the water spills out. Eating it without making a mess is an art to be mastered! Cafe Delhi's pani puri and Papdi chaat were fresh and tasty. I loved every bite - it was the perfect wrap up for a busy week. Steven ordered his Indian staple, Paneer Tikka Masala with Naan. The masala base was creamy and spicy with green peppers and onions. The Paneer rightfully was the true star of this dish. Soft and succulent, this Paneer was melt in your mouth good - a 9.5 on the yumm factor.  I enjoyed my first adventure at Cafe Delhi and am already planning the next one!
4	Soooo happy we came here!!! I'm not usually a fan of eating Indian food at a restaurant but we came here for father's day and we not disappointed. Everything was so tasty and perfectly portioned too. If you like Indian food, you must try this place.
5	Love this place. Grab lunch here at least once a week. Best Indian food in the South Hills.  My only minor complaint is the heat (they ask for a 1 - 10) seems fairly random. I usually as for a 5-6 heat and sometimes its hot, other times its scorching.   If you dont like hot food ask for a 1 or 2.
5	I've been to Cafe Delhi twice now, and both times have been impressed. Reasonably priced food that is presented in a clean and modern fashion. I'm such a fan!Cafe Delhi is located in part of what was a church that was dormant for years. Thanks to the current owners, it has been transformed into a modern Indian restaurant alongside a convention hall. I love to frequent locally owned businesses, and I especially like it when someone invests and improves their neighborhood. There's a dozen tables inside the restaurant and an outside patio with 3-4 tables that sits in a cool, shaded courtyard. We sat out there on an 80+ degree day and it felt nice and cool.As for the food, everything I've tried is delicious. I'm a big fan of the chicken kurma, which has a thick sauce and lots of chunks of chicken. It comes with either a side of delicate rice or their tasty naan (a flat bread), and my recommendation is to ask for both rice and naan, which is only a $1 more. Everything else I've had is fresh and delicious, and they let you choose your spice level with a 1-10 so you can decide if you're bold or a wuss.Delicious food, great location, and almost everything on the menu is under $10. Plus, the portions are big, the place is clean, and the service is good and friendly.Thanks for putting such a cool place in Carnegie!
4	Could not agree more. The food is authentic and fresh. Prices are reasonable, however for the dessert portions a little overpriced. The curry and spices were used just right. Great place!
5	Heard about this place from my bf. Its in the same building complex as the Carnegie Indian Community Center, so that has to give some klout, right? I ordered the chicken Dum Biryani. Good amount of food, ordered a level 6 and it was perfectly spicy for my tastes...just the right amount of spice to make me sniffle! My bf ordered the chicken Chettinad. His was yummy. Had a bit of coconut milk, just enough to taste it, not overly sweet. We also had the chili chicken appetizer, which is almost like an indian General Tso's. Two entrees, appetizer, mango lassi, all for $25. Great meals for a reasonable price.  This is now my go-to Indian restaurant.  On a side note, I asked one of the staff what time they closed.  She said its supposed to be 9:30, but if they aren't busy, they close earlier, around 8 or 8:30.  So if you are expecting them to be open for a late night meal, you probably should call first before you make the trip!
4	Cafe Delhi is a breath of fresh air in a town that's been overrun by pizza shops (is there an ordinance that requires one on EVERY block???). I stop by weekly for an enjoyable lunch experience. I've tried almost everything on the menu and I haven't found anything that's not to like. I did find the goat dishes to be overly gamey & it is served bone-in, so be prepared to get your fingers yellow. I do enjoy the lamb curry, chicken kurma and the lamb wraps. The only bad points are the soda is usually flat and ice seems to be a commodity. If your looking for some tasty Indian cuisine give Cafe Delhi a try.
5	I've never understood how my Indian friend's stay skinny when their food is so delicious!  My wife and I are Indian restaurant aficionados and we've journeyed to almost every one in the Pittsburgh area.  Cafe Delhi is among the best, and easily has the best prices and the fastest friendliest service of any of them.  Almost every dish on the menu is just $4-$8, so you can easily get a few things to try.  You'll want to, because it's too hard to choose between the huge number of options.The dishes have their traditional Indian names, with English descriptions underneath, which I found very helpful.  They offer to spice everything as you request from 1-10 and we all found their spice levels to be perfect, very full flavored but never overwhelming.  Despite the low prices, the portion sizes are generous, and we ended up taking home enough leftovers for a future Indian feast!The only negative is that the restaurant is fairly unassuming, with a simple awning to mark the front, and little in the way of decoration or atmosphere inside.  That said, it's clean, well maintained, and the waiters were responsible and helpful.  Cafe Delhi believes, as I do, that nothing should distract away from food as the center of the dining experience.Get ready for a diverse offering of fantastic dishes, fast service, generous portions and an unbelievable value.  I do not throw 5 star ratings around lightly, but Cafe Delhi has absolutely earned the highest possible rating.  I'm tempted to move next door, just so I can eat there every day!
2	My order of malai kofta was obviously reheated in the microwave, it came out with a "skin"  floating on top of the sauce and the kafta were rubbery.   The flavor was decent but it was hard to get past the old rubbery texture of the kofta.   I have no desire to return.  Add it to the mix of forgettable Indian restaurants in Pittsburgh.
5	Wonderful!  My husband and I love this place and pick up lunch from here almost every Saturday.  I wish they had a counter in the Robinson Mall so I could snack there all the time.
1	Decent Indian restaurants continue to avoid Pittsburgh. Reading some of the good reviews about this place on yelp, we decided to try this place. The restaurant was busy which seemed like a good sign. Unfortunately, the service and the food were sub-par. Wrong dishes delivered to the table, ordered dishes forgotten... could the nightmare end soon! If you are in the Pittsburgh area and have the urge to have Indian food, please buy packaged stuff and have it at home. However, if you cant resist the urge to visit this place, dont forget to bring your own booze as it is BYOB. Something to lift your spirits up!
4	My wife and I are visiting Pittsburgh from the Indian food wasteland that is South Carolina, and craving our favorite food we consulted Yelp, which resulted in a trip to Cafe Delhi in Carnegie.I will start with criticism and then will move on to praise (of which I wish to heap a great deal).  The ambiance of Cafe Delhi is not very nice, reminiscent of a cheap takeaway restaurant in London in which the food is considered important but the act of dining is a mere afterthought.  The tables are not very nice, the walls fairly plain, and you order at a counter rather than a waiter visiting your table.  There is no alcohol served but BYOB is acceptable, and they do provide a bottle opener and wine glasses should you bring a nice vino.  The menus are a single laminated sheet of paper, and are honestly a bit on the grungy side.  If your goal is to eat fine Indian food, then do not let these observations alarm you.  If you are properly armed with these expectations, Cafe Delhi will be a very good experience.  Our visit was on a snowy Pittsburgh evening.  We parked in the public parking lot nearly behind the building, which is free after 6pm.  A very brief walk delivered us to the threshold of Cafe Delhi.  Upon entering, we were handed our menus and instructed to order at the counter once we'd made our decision.  They immediately noticed our bottle of wine and brought us wine glasses and a bottle opener. We seated ourselves at a table of our choosing in a corner, and my wife and I both decided on the Butter Chicken.  I often try this on a first visit to an Indian restaurant to gauge the quality of the food, and even if it is not the most complex in flavour, if done well will still deliver a delightful taste and texture.  We were asked how hot we would like our dishes, to which end my wife had mild and I medium.  I initially said 'hot' but was warned that 'hot' was a 10 on a scale of 1 to 10.  We were asked if we wanted naan or rice, which was a little unexpected as in my experience this isn't usually an either/or proposition, but I opted to pay a bit more and had both.  We also ordered vegetable samosas as an appetizer, which we did not regret.  I requested mango chutney but was told they only carried tamarind and mint chutneys, which was quite acceptable.After a wait of about 10 to 15 minutes our samosas arrived.  I had actually asked for "two samosas" but this was evidently received as "two orders", in which there are two per order.  No matter, as this allowed us to have a bit more the next day.  The samosas were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, just as they should be.  The taste was excellent, and rivaled that of fine Indian restaurants I've eaten at in other cities.  Both chutneys tasted very good; the tamarind was a bit on the sweet side and the mint had a nice spice and bite to it.Our entrees arrived about two minutes later which was a bit too soon, but again, no matter.  With one samosa dispatched apiece, we moved on to our Butter Chicken.  We were not disappointed.  The sauce was smooth and creamy, with a nice silkiness.  The taste was exquisite, and we savoured every bite.  The individual spices are discernible, and you can tell that they do not merely rely on fat to make a good flavour.The naan was also very hot and tasty, and provided just enough crispness to delight the senses.If you eat slowly and savour each bite, whatever shortcomings Cafe Delhi may have can be easily overlooked. C'est bon!
5	I'm one picky ass snobby eater.  So, it warms me when I proclaim the following:  This place, along with Shalimar in San Francisco are the two best Indo-Pak Restaurants in the USA.  Dont waste your time with the plethora of mediocre Indian restaurants found all over the country.  Spartans! Ready your dinner and eat hearty... For tonight, we dine in heaven!
5	AMAZING. So happy to find really delicious Indian food closer to Steubenville. Very easy on the wallet, and REALLY really good. Found this restaurant on yelp, and found that all its fantastic reviews are true. There were several young Indian families at the restaurant while we were there, which gave me even more confidence that this was authentic food, and worth trying again and again. Can't wait until next time.
3	I finally have a decent Indian restaurant close to where I live. I ordered take out so I cannot comment on the restaurant experience. The kadai paneer was delicious. I love the fact that you can choose between rice or naan for your side.  I hope to go back again sometime soon and choose between their many choices. It appears that they also have dosas, which will be my next choice!
5	Nice food
5	Very tasty food.Great quantities.Very reasonable prices.Good service.Hygienic.If they can, they should advertise and expand more!
3	eh, it was ok. food was decent, not the most flavorful, but not the worst Indian I've had.  atmosphere left a lot to be desired. it was really chaotic and fast food-ish, the plates were chipped and water was tepid.  I didnt hate it, but not sure I would go back unless others really wanted to.
5	Fantastic Indian cuisine. This is my favorite Indian restaurant. I love the dal mahkni. It is attached to a church. The owners are a part if it. The outdoor seating is quaint. The naan is excellent. I love the garlic naan. It is a must to try this place. They are closed on Mondays and they have weird hours otherwise, so call first.
4	Legit Indian food with a nice patio. What else do you want me to say?
4	Definitely a good surprise!Not knowing where to go on a Friday night, we decided we wanted to try something new.  After settling Indian, I briefly remembered some buzz around a cafe out in the Carnegie area (who'da guessed?).Cafe Delhi is part of an Indian cultural center, which at first thought, I wasn't sure if I was going to get knock your socks off good staples or the equivalent of ho-hum church cafeteria food...  good thing it was the first!The staff were all great.  They use an at-the-counter ordering method, so after placing our order, we went outside to the small garden patio and grabbed a table.  We were quickly met with water (kinda a hybrid semi-full service...  think Buffalo Wild Wings) and asked if we would want anything else. Both my Butter Chicken and the Wife's Chicken Vindaloo were fantastic (although we both left feeling slightly weighted down...  they don't call it butter chicken for no reason).We'll definitely go back at some point.  For some lack of oversight, I failed to order myself a few of their variations of naan bread, so that will be enough reason alone to revisit this gem!
4	My new favorite Indian in the Pittsburgh area.  Delicious!
4	Great Indian food and the price is right. We are an hour away, sadly, but eager to return.
5	This place has excellent modern Indian cuisine from both south and north India.  They have a very nice selection of traditional Indian street food. They do have some modern interpretations of some of them. The  Cut Mirchi is a particular standout. The atmosphere is casual and this is a good lunch place.  Prices are very reasonable. The quality of the Indian food here is in the top 90th percentile of all Indian restaurants that I have been to.
4	Fantastic Indian food, tucked away in a very unassuming part of Carnegie.  I loved the selection of different types of chats, kati rolls, and appetizers.  I could make a meal on that alone!  My family and I came here and ordered quite a few things for lunch.  Standouts were the cut mirchi, Gobhi Manchurian, fried rice, and pani puri.  I ordered the chicken tikka masala for my entree, and while it was good I felt it was extremely creamy.  I was hoping of more of a tomato based taste.  I think it would have tasted a lot better without the cream, or at least less of it.  My family and I stuffed ourselves to the bone, and ended up not eating dinner that night at all.  I will definitely be back, and might even consider them to cater an event.  Worth the trip to Carnegie!
5	We drove there from Oakland  just for food.   We have been told that this is the best Indian restaurant in Pittsburgh and yeah..we weren't disappointed. You can tell that this place must have authentic Indian food by people in the restaurant. All are Indian. When you go there, you need to order food at the counter. I love mango lassi there. It is not too sweet, just right. For appetizer, I go with Gobi Manchurian (cauliflower flitters with spicy sauce).
3	I have eaten food from this establishment twice in the last two weeks, and though the flavors of Indian food are represented well, the meat has been overcooked and dry. The restaurant service was adequate and friendly, but there is a lot left to be done here.
4	I had pani puri, papri chaat and chicken lollipops.It was pretty authentic and tasty! I will definitely go and try out more things.
4	I've been an avid fan of another awesome Indian food restaurant in Pittsburgh but only recently having made friends who like this place, became a regular here.The service model is different here wherein you need to order at counter and later pay for your meals there too.What I love on the menu are the appetizers. They got Samosa chaat and Chicken 65 pretty straight of what you'll get in India. Paani puri leaves a bit to be desired though.Now my favorite item: Ginger chicken! It's a curry based preparation which comes along with either naan or white rice. Its hot, tangy and on a scale of 10, a 7 will burn you. In a good way!Apart from that chicken fried rice and chicken biryaani are quite decent options.The place itself seems to be in a rather deserted area but don't let it affect your judgement.Update: I've recently come to love their Butter Scotch Pastries. They are exceptionally good!
5	Love the food. Generally get take out. My favs are the samosa chaat and the kadhai paneer (not listed on the menu). Must try them.
4	I would describe it as a hidden gem. A great variety of food and for a reasonable price. I would suggest sitting outside as their patio section is great. My favorite dish is spinach chicken for sure!
4	Great lunch spot.  Delicious curries and other Indian meals.  Best part is they really kick up the spiciness if you want it.  Reasonably priced and your food comes fairly quickly.
4	Really good food. I had mutton biriyani and tandoori chicken. Both were in sufficient quantities and reasonably priced.  Chicken was really soft and easy to digest in tandoori.  Will definitely be back to this place and try out their other delicacies
3	2.5 stars if I could but I'm willing to give this place the benefit of the doubt and try it again.  I ordered the samosa chaat and the malai kofta with naan while the boyfriend ordered the tandoori chicken with naan.  The samosa chaat was decent and for Pittsburgh standards pretty good.  I did find a few tomatoes mixed in and was disappointed by the lack of authenticity.  I would try some of the other chaats since I did enjoy this appetizer - it's no Bombay chaat but it'll have to do in the 'Burgh.On to the Malai Kofta, the best way to describe this dish is nacho cheese sauce with vegetable dumplings, two dumplings to be exact.  Yes, two measly dumplings in a sea of cheese like sauce.  Please be reminded that Malai Kofta is not meant to have any cheese so I'm not sure why it tasted so.  Needless to say, I wasn't a fan.  The vegetable dumplings were good, but I did expect to get more than 2.  The naan was also disappointing as it was apparent they weren't cooked in a clay oven and had that typical naan flavor.Maybe I ordered the wrong dish and perhaps I should've stuck with my usual Indian dish that I order at all Indian restaurants (chicken tikka masala) but thought I'd expand my horizons.  I tried my boyfriend's tandoori chicken and while it looked very appetizing it was missing the distinctly tandoori flavor and spice.  I don't think I'd make a special trip to come by again but if I was in the area, I'd try some of the other appetizers.
4	Tasty and affordable.  I especially like the palak paneer and goat kurma.  My son loves the tandoori chicken.
5	This is my favorite place for Indian food. I think its the best in Pittsburgh! I ve almost tried everything on their menu and i have never regreted. Their spinach paneer is the best i ve had.
4	For a fast, casual Indian restaurant, Cafe Delhi is great. I might not go out of my way to go here, but it's convenient for me, affordable (especially lunch), and take out is always fast (I rarely ever eat in here). Lunch is the best deal. I enjoyed the Malai Kofta but was disappointed that there were only two dumplings; my other standby Channa Masala is always good. Naan seems to be kind of variable, but not sure how much of that is a factor of getting it to go.
4	I'm new at this so...Overall the food was very good..and reasonabley priced...the menu could of been better explained other than that it was very enjoyable.
5	Easily the best for Gobi Manchurian and Mushroom Manchurian.   Little bit on the spicy side.. so what drink a glass of milk once you reach home ;-)Everything else also tastes good.   If you are looking Indo-Chinese food then this will be your best bet.
1	Absolutely won't be back. This is one of the worst Indian "restaurants" I have ever been to. I eat a lot of this cuisine across the country and this was an effrontery.  The navrattan korma was frozen vegetables in Velveeta cheese sauce. I'm disgusted. It was even the same color. These people should not be trusted to cook for you. They have air fresheners on the walls spurting chemicals at you while you eat!  I asked about it and the guy said it was to cover up the bad smells!  I asked what bad smell and didn't get an answer. It should smell like delicious Indian food not whatever was loaded in these units. I heard they're owned by Mintt and the cakes are made there. I'm wondering what else isn't made here.
1	While the menu here has plenty of vegetarian options, they don't offer much in the way of actual vegetables. And the food is just not good. I went with another person, and we chose the Navratan Korma and Chicken Chettinad to share. Navratan Korma, when made well, is the jewel in a good Indian chef's repertoire. It's a Mughlai dish that features "nine gems", a mix of nine vegetables and sometimes paneer cheese in a rich creamy sauce with some nuts and dried fruit. It's a rich dish, and I usually avoid it if there is another curry on the menu that doesn't feature cream, but, as I said, vegetables were scarce. The korma that arrived at our table wasn't a korma at all, but previously frozen vegetables (I can always tell...can't you?) in a sauce that had the color and flavor of a processed cheese sauce. Kind of like Kraft macaroni and cheese without the macaroni. This dish is an affront to the idea of korma, and laughably bad. We fared a little better with the chicken chettinad, which was spicy and somewhat flavorful, although the chicken was served in a bowl that was too small for the contents, and it hadn't been cut into small enough pieces to eat without a knife. I wasn't actually given a knife to use, but had I been, I would have made a mess of my plate. I have no idea why you would have air fresheners in your dining room. Air fresheners are meant to go in a bathroom, where I still don't like them, but understand their use. Every 30 seconds or so the 2 wall mounted units sent another spritz of chemical aroma into the dining room. Yuck. Dining rooms should smell of food. Maybe these people don't even have that much confidence in their cooking skills. It's too bad, as this is a nice location near a charming stretch of Main Street. Needless to say, I won't be returning.
3	The food quality was excellent (5 star), but the portions were modest so I would not agree with the reviewers who characterized it as very inexpensive. The place was attractive, starting with the nice garden in the front. I really disliked having to stand at bar to order the food.  There were two waitresses and plenty of tables. Why couldn't we be waited on?  Call me an old curmudgeon, but I really dislike being served by people with tattoos. However they were friendly and the service was timely and efficient. I would go back, but I wouldn't say I was a fan.
4	Delicious food. I usually get the chicken  tikka masala with plain naan. Clean and casual. Small  quaint place to eat. Friendly staff. Good service.
4	Divine Indian cuisine in Carnegie...yep, you heard me...in Carnegie.  The selection of vegetarian dishes are amazeballs!  The place is friendly enough and can fit a crowd, which we brought on our recent venture to the cafe. The Veg Manchurian just blew me away...not something I had tried before and it was amazing!  Be prepared for quite a lot of heat.  The place is happily BYOB.  I only dock a point for the ordering process of coming up to the counter.  They seemed to have plenty of staff on hand and they brought food to our table, so it was confusing as to why they have it set up that way.
4	Made to order, so give yourself 30 minutes for a hot and freshly prepared meal.Various heat scale flexibility, and a very extensive menu variety.Dress is casual, and during the warm weather, there is a private courtyard for outside dining.Great vegetarian selections, and equally ample meat offers, including wonderfully prepared Goat Curry.Finish with a cup of Masala Chai Tea and choices from ice-cream; Mango Lassi; Ras Malai (sweet cottage cheese with pistachio and rose water); and much more.-Friendly Staff-Order at counter and choose a seat-Reasonably priced-Authentic Indian Cuisine-Casual ambience** Will Return Often**!
