5	oh! don't get me started! (wink)love this show! This is what a show should do, make you laugh like in the beginning with a little stand upMake you entertained, like with Reba or Madonna(pre cones and post)make you cry like with Judy garland or when the diva took off the wig and makeup. i went with a gay friend and just. enjoyed itmichael jackson was too freaky for me. and  my tip is to get there early.
4	4.5 stars. This is the best, most professional drag/impersonator show ever. I went with my mom and my sister and we had a blast. I'm trying to remember all the impersonators....Joan Rivers ("Can we talk?") of course, Reba, J.Lo., Tina Turner, Madonna....the list goes on. Decent cocktails as well.
4	I got free tickets to see them new at Four Queens, and it was a fabulous show -- mostly female impersonators lip-syncing and dancing with 2 back-up dancers, MC'ed by the hilarious Tammy Spraynette.  Love her!!Generally I don't care about half the stars, as in JLo is fierce but she's boring, Barbara is an icon but yawn, Reba is beautiful but I'm not into country ... and so forth ... but sweet zombie jesus that Liza and Marilyn had SO MUCH ENERGY - it was mesmerizing.  What a star!  The Michael Jackson impersonation felt a little out of place, having seen so many female impersonators all evening, then BAM the one and only guy.  I have to admit, he looked so damn much like the real thing, I had a hard time getting over the shock.  Tammy's comedy song was priceless.I usually tell people that Frank Marino's Divas are the best in town (and their big production budget shows) but these guys were very entertaining on a much smaller scale.
4	This is a great show. I want to say up front that if you are male and moderately attractive you DONT want to show up early; unless you like sitting up front and being sexually harassed. I kid as it was all in good fun but be forewarned as I was surprised. I was a little disappointed with the lip singing but when you have grown men in drag singing the greatest hits of some of the most powerful female singers Im glad they did lip sing and not ruin the songs.Ok, I dont have the actors name but the guy/gal who performed Whitney Houston was amazing! He/she had the mannerisms down and his lip singing was near perfect. A close second was the guy/gal who did Reba. Well done sir.The only negative was the Judy Garland performance. I thought it was good but much of the crowd and at least two in my group had never seen any of her real footage and didnt like to see her in that light. (That being said, well done to make people think OMG is that really who she was) her character was just a little out dated for our group.That being said it was a great show, great music and humor.Also its ok guys you can look at the back up dancers and thank damn their hot. It took me two songs to be sure but they are all women and made sitting up close worth the torture I endured.
