1	The worst visit ever!I go to pay for my gas n there is a hand written sign that says pump down, no prepay for gas, card only. Which is confusing so i asked for clarification. Oh I cant pay cash for my gas she said no only cards. Oh Shit Okay. N i go to restroom.FML! I am a germaphob and dont like public restrooms (other than Qt's) one restroom broken and the other one looks like someone had a miscarriage n didnt flush the toilet. HOWEVER i had an idea cz i NEEEDED gas, i was running on fumes. so I walk out and ask where are ur gift cards? she said we dont have any. In my head im thinking 'wtf everyone carries gift cards' so again i ask for clarification. "Sooooo you dont have a round thing w/ cards that spins? SHEEE SAID....Thats what i said didnt I? (i did this look )O_o n said Oh yeah? Aight then n left went across the street  to fry's got a damn prepaid Visa card and went back to Circle K but then i thought ..... Fck this n Fck her they dont deserve my $75 ill take my chances and go down the street to QT where they greet me with a smile and know who i am.
2	Other circle K's are much cleaner than this one.  The best thing about this store is the Employees are friendly and nice.I've been to this location in the morning and in the evening and there must be a point where the shift changes and they stop cleaning the bathrooms and emptying the trash.  In the morning everything is clean, by the time evening rolls around there are odd smells all over the store. It's a shame since it is a larger, newer looking store that it isn't cleaner.I'll be back in hopes they clean up a little more.
3	place is not very clean best thing about it is it is in the same parking lot as the church I am going to
1	I used to go in here regularly but now I will go miles out of my way to avoid it for the following reasons:1) The employees would be sitting in a chair playing games on their phones while the fountain drinks are out and the store is a hot mess.2) The manager has given up.3) The employees are rude.4) Homeless people get free coffee.5) Homeless people on the sex offender registry are treated more respectfully than paying customers. 6) Employees are lazy.My complaints are all about the white girl with dark brown hair and the older male manager. If they actually wore their nametags I would be able to tell you their names (a thought: maybe that is why they don't wear them?) All other contact with employees has been great, but until I know when these two work I will never go here again.Things to be corrected:1) If you have time to play on your phone you have time to clean up.2) No one wants to see homeless people hanging around. (I especially do not want to be accosted in your store by a homeless person you gave free coffee to that I trespassed off a property because he did not live there, was on the sex offender registry and he was peeping through windows).3) You need to treat CUSTOMERS with respect.If you are not the manager or that egotistical little girl then I would like to apologize to you since you have to be doing an incredible job to be able to carry their dead weight.
3	Well this is typical Circle K Store. It is a bit pricey has a gas station attached and a bunch of parking. However, this Circle K is a bit unusual as it isnt attached to a Union 76 gas station, it has an Arco gas station.Every other Arco that I have ever seen is attached to an AMPM not a Circle K. SO I found this to be pretty unusual but other than that it is exactly like every other Circle K around.The inside of the store is pretty clean. They obviously clean the place regularly, dont have any spectacular deals, but all of the stuff that they advertise as sales marks their pricing back to normal. The restroom was fairly clean, compared to California stations for sure. The staff was very friendly and there is lots of parking available for folks to just use the circle k instead of getting gas as well. We got some drinks and ice for a football game we were headed off to, so it was pretty kewl to have a decent place to pick up everything that we needed without having to drive around to a bunch of places at a premium.Definitely a place worth stopping off at, if you cant go to a regular store. It was nothing extraordinary mind you, but definitely nothing worse than what you would expect from a circle k 7eleven or ampm...
1	Good gas prices & staff is friendly but very very very dirty!  Half the coffee pots were empty & the got coco was not working.  I was left getting tea & that skieved me out.  GROSS!!!
