1	While we are venting about the local "news" stations here - what the hell is up with all the local news-caster ladies feeling the need to look like Strippers?  Their clothes are horrible (can someone tell me why don't they have stylists?), bad hair dye jobs and way too much makeup - mainly the super glossy lips! Why does EVERYONE need to be a bleach blonde here in Scottsdale.  It's called Low Lights people.  Go to Ray Issa at Joya Spa in Scottsdale.  He will hook you up. You keep your natural color and high light with a little blonde (if you must).  You know, there is nothing wrong with being a brunette.  Minka Kelly, Jennifer Garner, many beautiful women are brunettes.  As far as the clothes.  Pretend you are a lawyer on Law and Order.  You wear an elegant SUIT.  You are talking about the news - not working as a hostess at a club! And don't get me started on the they way they market there TV spots - they are so cheesy, remember the one that was set in a diner - I believe it was Scott Light & Tram something (who is actually likable) - These kooks dressed up like bad characters from the show Alice (if you are 40 & up you may recall that show!). " I will have a side of live" - I wanted to shoot the screen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Yikes! Make it stop - turn the channel.  And Mark Curtis needs to shave that cheesy thing above his lip!  He looks like a cop from Reno 911!
4	I prefer ABC15 for my local news and weather (just can't stand Lin Sue on 12 and some of the other stations...) and really am a fan.  *Did you see me on their "Hey Chris, why did you make the switch to ABC15?" commercials.*  :)Bill Bellis certainly knows his weather and teaches vs. just spewing out the facts.  Yeah some of the reporters are a bit goofy, but that also makes them human!
5	This review is for the smart shopper card program on ABC-15. It is simply provides you with some of the best deals in town. Go to the website and print it immediately and start saving some serious cash here in the valley. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	abc 15 is my choice in the valley of the major networks. less fluff than fox10,  not as boring as ch 12, more updated than ch5. less sensationalism and editorial in news, and love the investigations.
5	I cannot believe you dropped JEOPARDY from your programming.  What you have put in its slot is very disappointing.  Jeopardy was enjoyed by all ages, not only was it good entertainment but had some educational value as well.  Alex T. as host had a wonderful sense of humor.  I hope you receive many comments about your dropping this program and can only wish that you might reconsider and put it back in your scheduling.    Shirley A
5	Earlier tonight I volunteered as a telethon phone staffer for ABC15. (I heard about the event via Yelp Volunteers and our community manager.) In a day where television programming can be filled with noise, ABC15 is an active partner with the community. The staff at ABC15 is top notch and really put effort into helping where it matters. Operation Santa Claus will make a personal difference to families. This is especially important at the holiday time. Four distinct organizations will be helped. All a result of charitable donations from our many Arizona residents.This happened because people turned on the boob tube. They turned on ABC15. Not AppleTV, not the Roku, not Netflix. Not tonight.  Thank you ABC15 for being such a wonderful member of the Phoenix area.** Operation Santa Claus runs until December 19th **- Text SANTA to 46988- Donate on the web at www.givetotheclaus.com  CHARITIESSt. Mary's Food Bank Alliance, Ronald McDonald House Charities of Phoenix, Inc., Southwest Autism Research and Resource Center (SARRC) and Military Assistance Mission (MAM).
5	ABC15 has one of the best staff I've gotten to work with the past few years.  The anchors are always nice and friendly.  I recently volunteered with Irene V. for the Operation Santa.  A lot of effort from ABC15 for putting on such a great holiday event and for four great non profits which help many in the valley.  Smart Shopper is also a great segment to find the best deals in the valley.   I usually have ABC15 on in the morning for the news.  And when I hear the name "Joe" , I always think of "Let Joe Know".
4	I read about their Operation Santa Claus holiday charity campaign via friends on Yelp (thanks Jolly!) and called in to make a donation to help those in need.  I am always impressed when a media outlet gives up their airtime to support a local charity....kudos to the team @ ABC 15 for putting together this event!
5	We came to the station to shoot a spot on Sonoran Living. Our first point of contact was Dave Pennington and we felt he represented the station very well. Dave and everyone at ABC 15 were very classy professional people. Dave also gave us a quick tour of the studio which was totally fascinating to me. Needless to say I don't make it to many TV stations so I appreciated it.
