2	Frustration without pharmacy coverage.  Pills with co-pays last year are now FIVE times more this year.  I got a slight discount but not enough to buy a burger and fries.  I now agree with others that our health system is broken and affects everyone without the government or a company kicking in for medical insurance.  I shudder to think what my medical costs will be this year with a high deductible vs. last year when nearly everything was covered!!!
3	This place is super messy but it is 24 hours...woot..... Got what supplies we forgot/did not bring for our week's day, bought some water and called it a day.
4	It took me awhile to jump on the CVS bandwagon by choice and for many years, I would visit just out of convenience. However, I've come to realize that all CVS's do a wonderful job staying stocked and clean. Most importantly, the staff is very friendly at this CVS. I am one of those regulars who has never actually signed up for a CVS card, but every time I visit, they still give me the discount by swiping another card. In addition, they have some great sales! So now I can happily say that I visit this CVS by choice now rather then out of convenience.
4	The nicest pharmacists ever - they keep me coming back because I know I can trust them and leave with a smile. Who would have thought I would have a CVS to call "home"?
3	I've been a CVS customer for years... Overall, I've been pleased but I find myself a little annoyed lately about a few things:1 - I feel like the pharmacists and those that work in the pharmacy are sometimes flustered; maybe overworked?  I've even caught a mistake here or there where they don't put refills when my Rx as called for them.2 - The CVS Rewards program is great... but for some reason, I can never edit the phone # associated with my account or add an email address.  i've tried to do so online, and I always get error messages which is really annoying!3 - Not all stores are consistent.  The newer stores are clean and easy to navigate, etc... while some of the older stores need facelifts!All of those things aside, this particular CVS location has been a great go-to place for pharmacy, toiletries, snacks, magazines, etc... and I'm sure it will continue to be.  Their private parking lot is convenient too.  Prices are moderate and when I take advantage of reward coupons, it makes me feel really good.  Nothing like saving money in this economy!
4	During our three day stay in Scottsdale we visited this CVS twice.  I was happy to find it wasn't too far from our hotel, and it had everything we needed even when we ran out of sunscreen!  The night supervisor was pretty cool he was telling me how great it is to see people use their CVS card.  That's nice to know people care so much about what their company has to offer.
3	I live right around here, it's convenient if you're a smoker, like my brother, who claims these prices are great. For the rest of us its like any other CVS: more expensive than Walgreens and x2 expensive as grocery stores or a Target. Take it for what it is, a chain drug store. The people working there are more than friendly though.
4	This is the 2nd time I've been to this CVS.  The staff is always pleasant.  This time I went in for passport photos.  I was in and out in less than 5 minutes.  Although I'm not always crazy about CVS' prices as a whole, I found a $2 off coupon online for the photos.  I'll be sure to check online for coupons more often.
5	Best Service in the valley!!!!  They treat you like a guest and not a chore like most pharmacies.  Highly recommend!!
4	Honestly, their head pharmacist helped save me money after finding out my new prescription benefit had skyrocketed my co-pays compared to my old benefit.  I suspect I might have saved a bit more at one of the big box places but the customer service here is awesome!
3	2.5 stars.Is it me, or do prices at CVS usually run lower than Walgreen's?  I suppose the two are just like every other competing company out there, raising the prices on certain items while lowering prices on others to make it look like they're offering a sale that day...Last time I visited a CVS location (not this one), I couldn't find what I was searching for.  (Funny enough, I found the items at a Walgreen's closer to home.)  At THIS particular location, I fell for an advertising gimmick that, on quick glance (I only had a couple of minutes to spare), looked like I was saving on a travel-sized toothpaste, but it turned out that the "savings" would apply on my NEXT trip, providing I visit before the coupon's expiration date, on the same product.  I keep hearing that signing up for a CVS loyalty card pays, but I've yet to believe it!
1	I've had one experience with this CVS pharmacy and it will definitely be my last. Walgreens will be my only pharmacy from now on. Here's what happened: A doctor called in a prescription for anti-biotics for my brother on Sunday. When my brother went to pick it up, they told him that they did not have it. The next day my brother calls the doctor and explains that the prescription is not there. The doctor promptly calls the pharmacy and is told that the prescription is in fact there and ready for pickup. The following day (which is now 2 days past when he needed to start taking the meds), my brother goes back to the pharmacy and is once again told that his prescription is not there. At this point, I'm frustrated, so I call the pharmacy myself. I get a very nice girl on the phone, but a person who clearly doesn't know what she is doing because after every question I asked, she needed to put me on hold and ask someone else. She once again tells me that the prescription is not there and I explain that the doctor checked the day before and was told that it is there. I ask her multiple times if she can query her system by DOB in case the name was entered incorrectly and she tells me that she cannot. My brother again calls the doctor back, who at this point is really irritated with the pharmacy, as well, because he keeps having to bother with this. Finally a man gets on the phone with the doctor and says that my brother's name was entered wrong and that the girl should've searched for the prescription a different way.  So, needless to say, my brother had to wait three days to get his anti-biotics and everyone had to waste their time with this. I'm not sure if this is a training issue or if this girl shouldn't be working there, but it seems to me that if she couldn't resolve this problem, she should've gone to someone who could. I suppose this type of incompetance would be a little more acceptable at McDonalds, but for obvious reasons, I have higher standards for people working in a pharmacy. This is why I won't be returning to any CVS locations. I have never had this problem happen at a Walgreens.
1	Worst customer service of all time from Pharmacist Shawn Earl who not only screwed up my GF's order, he put his prissy hands on his hips and acted like a 5 year old or Pee Wee Herman. Two other customers behind us also filed complaints. Seriously folks....do not let this guy interact with customers or he might get hurt!
5	I like this Cvs I never have to wait very long! They are soNice and helpful as well! They remember who I am. And if I have questions about ANYTHING... Even OTC things they never act as if I am a bother. They are quick to help!
1	This is the worst CVS pharmacy in the country. The staff is rude and they are extremely slow. Nothing is ever ready on time and if u have a question trust me it won't be answered correctly.
1	Horribly overpriced. $7 for 3 pack condoms lol?  Even in Scottsdale that's just not right. Go only if it's a dire emergency. Walgreens and Fry's nearby.
5	This CVS has an excellent pharmacy.  All of the staff was very helpful and went above and beyond to help fill a prescription, including calling my physician and waiting on hold for over 15 minutes.  A frustrating situation was handled with ease by the staff and we were on our way.  Great customer service!
1	Came here to get a flu shot, the pharmacy technicians were very kind and knowledgeable. From check in to injection the total time was 11 minutes, definitely worth it! Now they were out of 20% off coupons for store purchases after you get your flu shot which was a bummer but the tech informed me they could manually remove the discount up front. Cool, so I decided to pick up some makeup purchases (which they were lacking lots of stock) and after she interrogated me as though I placed a fake bandaid on my arm, after showing the injection receipt and flu shot vaccination medical ID numbers she reluctantly took 13% off the transaction. Like really? Afterwards I questioned her and she said "take it or leave it". Like WOW how rude!! I had biked a total of 30 miles so far for the day so i didn't have the energy to argue, but SERIOUSLY?!? When I walked out, chuckling to myself at the terrible customer service, a 60+ year old man came out after me and said "was your clerk as much of a b&;@$ as mine?" YES DUDE. That interaction will make me never shop there and deter everyone I know from going there. WALGREENS all the way now!!
3	Good place to shop for your everyday need.  They price match and accept coupons.  And make sure you use your CVS card for discount and specials.
1	They have some really awesome lines of beauty products carried at this store that are great quality and I have yet to find them in other CVS stores or even Walgreens for that matter. I was digging the whole place. Very clean, parking lot is beautiful. I didn't think I'd ever think of a parking lot as beautiful. But then I needed something. And had to ask an employee. That's where I went wrong. Had I never interacted with the  staff I would've found my new favorite CVS For my lonely insomniac 2am shopping trips. Nay. Not one, not two or three. But each one of the FIVE female employees I had the displeasure of getting close to was flat out RUDE to me.    Now you say, "Taylor, you must be paranoid and insecure from being a chubby teen." Yes. You're right, but this is NOT my imagination, they are literally shit-talking me in the aisle next to me talking about my clothing, hair, makeup, tattoos. Yes, girls  I know it is Scottsdale but I can't be in pageant makeup 24/7.  I asked one girl who seemed nice enough if she knew if a sample was available for a perfume I was wanting to smell. She glaced quickly and said "doesn't look like it". Ooookkkaayy. "Do you think you could open one for me to smell? I guess If not that's fine."  She just says "okay thanks". And leaves. They're all concentrated in the makeup and beauty side of the store all gossiping and giggling with each other like it's lunch hour. Genuinely perturbed that I would interrupt their discussion of who their friend is sleeping with (they use a different word lol) There's one with long dark hair who just answers any question I have or saying "excuse me" with the DIRTIEST sideways glare, LIKE DIRTY SANCHEZ DIRTY, never actually bothering to face me directly. Following this with extended periods of silence, then a one word answer dripping with pure hate. Another huffs and puffs, rolling her eyes and I guess doesn't know to let someone through when they say pardon me and between to wedge themselves between the aisle shelves and miss Huffy herself. I swear I have never felt this way since freshman year of high school in north Scottsdale. I transferred to a Phoenix school for sophomore. Oh wait, they're on their phones again and found this review now. Leaving before I get jumped.
