2	This Asian buffet just opened in the location previously occupied by the Filipino restaurant, Pancit Adobo. Lin Buffet features the pretty standard array of Asian buffet fare, including typical rice and noodle offerings, Chinese soups, chicken dishes like sweet and sour chicken and black pepper chicken, seafood dishes like seafood with vegetables and peel-and-eat shrimp, dim sum offerings like shumai and bao, a Mongolian bbq station, and a sushi station.Nothing particularly stood out, good or ill, although I was surprised by the presence of bacon-wrapped crab/krab sticks and "Korean chicken", which looked like grilled sliced skin-on chicken in a light sauce. Reminded me a bit of Chinese soy sauce duck, although some of the fatty skin on the chicken can be off-putting rather than appetizing as it is in the duck.In the group I was with, we were split as to whether Lin Buffet or Krazy Buffet a few blocks away was the better Asian buffet, although Krazy Buffet holds the edge currently. Might be worth a revisit once they've settled in post-opening to see how the food fares.
1	Me and my fam ate here and let me tell you by far the worst asian buffet everrrrr....the food didn't look fresh at all nor did it taste fresh. Looked and tasted like its been sitting since lunch....few items copied from asia buffet.....nothing exciting about this place....atmosphere felt sad...wont be back at all...
1	Ugh, not good at all -- came to their "grand opening" for dinner (6:30pm).  You'd think the restaurant would be at the top of their game (at least for the grand opening) . . . Sushi okay if you get it right when they make it . . . Some of the food looked (and tasted) like it had been sitting out since lunch . . . Nothing in particular stood out that would have me going back at all . . .
5	We tried this restaurant for the first time last night and really enjoyed it. They have a sushi bar with fresh sushi and several seafood items ( crableg, shrimp, oyster, crayfish ...etc) for their dinner buffet. Food is always fresh and well stocked. A+ on the Hibachi Grill! The staff is always efficient as well.
1	Please save your money. This is a TERRIBLE restaurant. For starters, I do understand this is not a 5 star steakhouse, but the environment, and "ambiance" is the first clue of what awaits you.As you enter, and see the prices on a Pepsi board, (yes the kind you find at a little league snack shack) now would be a great time to turn around. Grand total for 3 people was in the neighborhood of $45. If that wasn't bad enough, they have signs posted around the buffet asking you to "Please only take what you can eat," because wastefulness will force them to drive up their prices (not possible)However, these large downfalls absolutely pale in comparison to the quality of the food, this is the ultimate show stopper. These items look (and taste) like they have been sitting all day (including the sushi). Most dishes were luke warm at best, I would venture to guess that the food quality controls here are non-existent. All three of us had a very serious concern of food poisoning. I did not even trust the meat enough to put any into my hibachi dish.In summary, if you enjoy paying too much for terrible food, and spending the next day in bed, this is the place for you. I'd give this place 6 months at best
1	First time @ this place and will never go back! Food has been sitting. Wouldve been better going across them to weinerschnitzel.
1	I wish I could give this dump 0 stars. 14 bucks a person for horrible food every thing tastes like it's a day old. There was a pinch of cream cheese in the ragoons, chicken on a stick was way over cooked , the sushi was by far the most disgusting pieces of banana's in sushi ... wtf? Gross, don't waste you're time or money going here. also their ice cream is a cooler like you would find bait in at a sporting goods store and inside they fill cups with freezer bunt ice cream. If you want Asian buffet at half the price go to the krazy buffet.
1	Truly one of the worst buffets I have ever eaten at. Went in with an open mind and I have no problem giving 4 or 5 stars when it is warranted, even for a buffet, but this place barely qualifies for 1 pitiful star. I would give it ZERO stars if it was an option. As someone who loves asian food, this buffet made me feel so sad for the total lack of flavor and passion by those who prepared the food at this sorry excuse for a chinese buffet. Case in point, raw jalapeno pepper in a sushi roll and breaded chicken that was so black it looked like a piece of coal. WTF? Would not be suprised when Lin Buffet is on Dirty Dining. Do not go here! AWFUL AWFUL!!
1	I went once to this buffet and it was horrible. We thought it was the same Lin buffet that's in Arizona, but we were wrong! Passed by the other day and saw a sign that said CLOSED....I am not surprised! It lasted 5 months. krazy buffet is the best. Casinos buffet are getting worse by the day also.
1	Las Vegas has lots of world class buffets. Somehow the Chinese buffet genre has been missing a solid out of this world buffet.And it continues here.I have been to some terrible restaurants in my 41 1/2 years. This ranks among the all time worst. Everything everyone else said who gave it one star was absolutely true. The Jumbo Buffet for $5.99 was a downright steal in relation to the $14.99/person for dinner.In an Chinese restaurant setting, I would hope to have some kind of Chinese or Asian ambiance. Instead you are treated to a large soda sign. Not even Coca-Cola, but the way less inferior brand.Was hoping they could have worked this out.
