2	This store is funky and a bit like a thrift store without the prices,literally there are no prices on any of the larger merchandise (guitars,amps etc.) Service is friendly but the store does have the distink odor of kitty cats. They should look into some air fresheners.www.myspace.com/slideroolz
5	I was going to give it four stars, but then I read in an earlier review that they have a cat.  Unlike the previous reviewer, I love cats, so five stars!  Seriously though, the service impressed the heck out of me.  I got my electric bass repaired while I waited, which I didn't expect, and they had some gorgeous vintage equipment to browse while I waited.  Phone calls came in while I was there, and they were all cheerfully answered that the repair job was done or the sort.  Repairing vintage amps seems to be a secondary specialty behind accordions, which they have many impressive examples of.  They have nicer amps for less than what I paid and a selection of electric and acoustic guitars and electric basses.  It's a bit dive-y, I personally am a lot more comfortable in mom-and-pop outfits than in sparking white showrooms.  A lot of people go to mega-stores because they think they're anonymous there and won't be hassled -- they're doing it wrong.  They hate you.  This place loves their customers, and their customers love them.
5	As a professional recording artist and musician, I have visited just about every music store/pawn shop in Phoenix. While Ziggy's may not have the largest most current inventory the folks who run the place are the kindest most knowledgeable people I have ever met in the business. I recently took a bass in to them to have it rewired (I was ready to throw it out) and they fixed it like new for only $15! Ziggy's music is the quintessential mom and pop shop and they clearly love what they do. Huge Thanks Ziggy's Music!!
4	I took my Fender Hot Rod Deville 4x10 tube amp into Ziggie's for repair on a serious noisy buzz coming loudly through the speakers (even louder than the guitar signal!) Before taking it in, I did everything in my ability to troubleshoot the issue on my own (I am very poor, you see). I had recently replaced the tubes (carefully, with the help of a professional), the buzz dd not improve, so having heard good reviews, Ziggie's was my next resort. The repairman at Ziggie's was very kind, and knowledgeable. He assured me that it probably wasn't the new tubes I had installed (woo!) and that there was probably some short inside the circuitry of the amp. He had the amp for a three whole weeks (I had other options for live gigs luckily) and when I got it back, the amp was as good as new. The grand total was a $60. I sighed with relief, expecting the charge to be much higher. I'll most likely visit Ziggie's again with my next inevitable musical instrument problem.
5	I have a Fender Hot Rod Deville that I bought about 10 years ago when I was playing a lot of gigs and traveling.  I abused this thing for years, and it has survived several moves, but this last one seemed to do some damage.  All the knobs produced noise, both inputs were finicky, and one of the speakers was loose.I found Ziggie's online, and they came highly recommended by some guys on a fender forum.  I looked at buying a new amp ($900...), so I had made peace with dropping some serious cash to get this one running again.  The amp tech at Ziggie's got my amp running as good as new in about a week, and he only charged me $52!I highly recommend these guys if you need a repair!
