3	I was quite excited to try out the new pub that used to be Buckheads though skeptical that they would be able to remove all of the peanut shells likely left behind.  However, their remodeled interior was beautiful!  Instead of small tables used for standing only, there are full tables that can accomadate large parties and multiple new booths along the windows.  I was also impressed that for an uptown location, they offer free parking at a parking garage right next door!  Just make sure to bring your parking ticket into the restaurant so you can have them make a punch mark.  The menu is extensive and the pricing is reasonable ($7.95 and up).  I was disappointed that the only drink specials on their grand opening night was draft beer.  Bleh.  I took advantage of the $3 Blue Moon but by 8 PM we were informed that they had run out.  Not very good planning!  In the future, I'd like to try out their "Luckitini's" which are cutely priced at $7.77.  On to the food, as I mentioned, the menu is full of options.  A lot of it is typical pub fare like fish and chips, chicken caesar wraps, burgers, nachos, etc.  I sampled their sweet potato fries and had some of the beer battered fish and chips.  The sweet potato fries were cooked just like I love - not crisp but lightly coated with butter and salt.  The beer battered fish was quite tastey and came with a side of tarter.  The platter had 2 ample sized pieces of fish so you'll walk out full!The service was attentive.  We were immediately greeted when we walked in by multiple hostesses and our server checked in often.  If you are looking to watch a game, you won't be disappointed.  There were TV's in every direction I turned my head.  Overall, Fitzgerald's gave me exactly what I expected.  I wasn't disappointed but it didn't leave me feeling like it was anything special.  I was hoping for somethng different, and unique in uptown Charlotte instead it is a cookie cutter pub.  I'd go back but I wouldn't say I HAVE to go back.  It's definitely a lot better than what it used to be so thanks Fitzgeralds for taking us up a notch!
2	Have you been to Stool Pigeons, Picasso's, or Fox and Hound Lately? Then you have been to Fitzgerald's only their dinner and drink service are not up to par. This place has zero zing... zero. There is nothing special about it and no reason other than the free parking to have a drink or eat there. Their best drink special of the day, a $3 Blue Moon, ran out by 8:15 on opening night and it wasn't nearly as busy as I have seen the old Buckheads get. . The first Blue Moon I drank had an overwhelming taste/scent of onion as if someone cut an Orange with the safe knife or cutting board as they used to chop onions...gross. I did ask the server about it and so my second (yes I braved another) actually tasted much better. I ordered the shrimp entree for $11.95. This was definitely an appetizer portion. I was served ten shrimp which were not very large on an appetizer plate with a side of cut up onions with a dash of mealy tomatoes and three small pieces (half of my pinky size) of browned avocado. I couldn't taste the lime and it was very-much under-seasoned. Eating a plate of mushy onions was not appetizing and therefore it mostly remained untouched on my plate. I didn't complain because I already felt bad for the onion-beer complaint but it was fairly obvious my side wasn't touched. The food quality was unacceptable. Service was ok for a first night and I'm sure she probably was more than a bit nervous. A more nuanced server might have thought to comp the first beer or notice my side was still glaringly on my appetizer/entree plate...but I won't fault her too much since it was their grand opening and therefore an expected learning curve.I will say the place looked nicer than Buckheads which is definitely a plus. I hope they get better...a lot better.
3	After an awesome Checker's game, our group decided to grab some  beer from somewhere nearby. We wound up at Fitzgerald's. The place was so slammed we couldn't even find a spot a the bar. After standing around and waiting for someone to clear out, we were lucky enough to get a table near the dj. Beer was expensive, as to be expected downtown, but the spectacles were ceaseless. That is a GREAT place to people watch and have some laughs with your friends. The music was far too loud though; it made everyone succumb to a shouting match. The closer to midnight we approached, the dimmer the lights became, and people started dancing. This was hilarious! Good times... I left there in a happy mood, and recall fondly that great evening!
2	Not impressed, which is unfortunate, because this is a great place close to the arena and other downtown venues, but not in the icky, overcrowded Epicenter.I visited after an event at the arena, and was treated to sub-par service, and was told "sit anywhere" in the nearly empty pub, then kicked out of my table of choice because it was "reserved", despite there not being any sign of it being off limits.  Servers were mediocre, but it is a new place and they are probably still learning the ropes (like how to pronounce the Irish beer Smithwicks properly).  I just wasn't impressed, at all.When you put the name "Irish" in your name, I expect more than a place that serves Guinness... the decor is very sleek and modern, but there is nothing sleek or modern about a true Irish pub.  My Smithwicks was served in a glass advertising some cheap, American beer.  The food was OK.  I was impressed they had vegetarian chili on the menu, and it was quite tasty, but nothing stood out from any of the five people's orders in my party.Overall, it's just a really generic bar that's not a sports bar, or an Irish pub, or anything at all that would stand out in a crowd.  It reminded me of a hotel bar... you know, the kind that is just kind of convenient, but nothing out of the ordinary?Because they are a sponsor of my favorite sports team, I may give them a second chance, but all in all, it's a pretty forgettable and bland establishment.
2	Made a quick stop here. The server was quick to take our order and friendly, but the execution of service was a bit off. I ordered my drink, but got another one, and then when I got the one I originally wanted it didn't taste right. I'm a mojito connoisseur and this one was watered down, lacked fresh limes, and the fizz couldn't be found...how they could even serve it was beyond me. Needless to say, I enjoyed my company and the patio, but while everyone else was sipping on their beverage I was either waiting on mine or correcting it.
2	God, they just try so hard. They have great specials, a huge space and it seems to be really easy to win a happy hour for your friends but this place is just always empty and when you have a giant empty bar it's hard to have fun.CLT might just have too many irish bars for their to be room for this place but I wish them success because they look like they're doing everything they can to bring in more people.
3	Although it is a plastic paddys, it was a high energy plastic paddys last Saturday night.  We had lots of drinks and enjoyed watching the people and having our kidney stones pulverized by the driving bass.  Nobody singin about Danny Boy or how much they hate  the fuckin Brits in this joint!We had fun but, if you are gonna call yourself an Irish pub, do something Irish.
4	I went for all you can eat crab legs on Tuesday night. The food was amazing, service was friendly and quick, and the music was exceptional. Did I mentioned ALL YOU VAN EAT CRAB?! It doesn't get much better than that. The only downfall was aside from the decor, there is nothing pub-ish about the place...a very minor thing to overlooking for such a great experience.
3	I love the remodel that was done, the decor change from the old Buckhead Saloon turned out really well.  However, the decor has changed, but it appears to be the same old Buckhead crowd (those that have just turned 21 or maybe 22 and are ready to drink till they throw up).  This is a great place to drink, but I wouldn't recommend it as somewhere to enjoy a dinner.  The music is very, very loud and the patrons are usually extremely drunk.  I've been here twice and every time I sit at the bar someone ends up spilling their drink on me in some fashion :)I went to watch a Panther's pre-season game, but with the dj playing it really wasn't a very memorable experience.  I figured that at 8pm on a Saturday, they'd have the sound on for the tvs, but there was a dj playing and he had the volume cranked up at full force.Warning: The layout is kinda weird, so when there's a crowd, be prepared to push and shove your way through a sea of people to get to the restrooms (which are located at the very back).
4	It has been quite some time since I've hung out in the downtown Charlotte area - let alone try to visit the corner of 5th and College.  Even though Fitzgerald's replaced Buckhead's (a long time Charlotte staple since I've been here) I was taken aback at all the changes they made to the inside of the place.  They've classed it up a bit to make it much more than a bar... it's better suited for meals now.  It was funny being greeted by a hostess since I was just used to just going in and barring it up.We were just planning on picking up tickets for an upcoming bar crawl, but we ended up eating dinner here.  The menu is quite large with some authentic Irish dishes.  I tried the Fish & Chips....  Usually I don't really expect much having been through my share of over-breaded, badly fried fish portions... but the breading here was nice and light with the fish perfectly cooked and moist.  The fries were nice a crispy too... way too many places present you with some cold, limp fries.Lucky for us, Wednesday nights are Pint Nights!  all pints are $3 (with exception to Guinness... which made me somewhat sad).  It was still a good time.
3	So what use to be Buckhead is now Fitzgerald's.  Honestly, I walked in and was like "nothing here has changed".  Maybe there are a few more TV's?  That being said nothing really needed changing.  It's a decent place to grab a bit and watch the game if you have the chance.  They also do an all you can eat crab leg night (I think it's Wed?) and all though I haven't had the oppurtunity to try it out I plan to.  Touted as an irish pub I really don't get that feeling of anything relative to an irish pub while I'm there.  Maybe that's just me.
1	Food was disappointing. Shepard's pie was soupy and mushy. Only went here because I had a coupon for $25 off. Well, at least I know where not to go next time
4	Went for dinner. Got a barbecue burger, which was decent. Stayed after dinner to watch NBA games on TV over a few beers. They had lots of TVs showing different sports and a great playlist of 90's jams that night!
3	Downtown (Uptown, whatever) is not really my stomping ground. The last time I was anywhere near this place, it was Buckhead (Saloon?), if that tells you much of anything. And while I did venture inside, it was only to use the facilities. The rest of the time, I was on the patio, which is nice.I had a drink or three, and they were good enough, but the service, such as it is, wasn't the greatest I've seen. Could be because it was the patio. Could have been because it was the afternoon. Or it could be because you don't really go to this sort of place for the service, you know?
4	I went with my girls a few Saturdays back, we were celebrating a birthday party with my sorority sisters, and all I can say is WOW!! I have yet to be in a less pretentious bar/club/restaurant in Charlotte. Our drinks were served up by great bartenders, the people were fun and not rowdy, and best of all, we weren't molested by weird dudes all night wanting to grind up on us. Secondly, we were treated like queens by the the regular Saturday night DJ that night as well. He took our requests, had shots with us and treated us like we were regulars. Most DJs in the city won't give you the time of day, but Botz was great, he really made our night. We have been back on Saturday night ever since and have had the same great experience. Go here, you won't be disappointed. One more thing, this is an Irish bar in name only, but still a great time.
4	I was never in here when it was Buckhead, but we stopped in Fitzgerald's over the summer for a beer before the Roger Waters concert.  A month or two later, I got a gift card as part of a silent auction package from the MS Society's Great Gatsby Gala.  What better day to use than when going to two events at the arena in one day?  We stopped in here for dinner between the Charlotte Checkers noon game and the Charlotte Bobcats 7:30 game.  I had the shepherd's pie which was probably the best version of this dish I have had.  The grilled asparagus as my side was very good too.  My friend got the Guinness battered fish and chips, and while he said that the fish (cod) was good, the fries and slaw left a little to be desired.  Our waitress was only okay; definitely not great service but not bad.The place is huge so there is plenty of room for events before or after uptown events and it is really close to the arena.  If you drive, parking is free in the Wake Forest parking deck after 5pm. The only negative here is that they do not have a whole lot of beers on tap apart from Guinness and Miller Lite, but they at least have Fat Tire in bottles.  More local beer would make this a great place.
1	I haven't been back, nor will I ever go back to Fitzgeralds.  Their New Years Eve event was the worst that I've ever attended.  I've been trying to get a refund of my ticket price because I didn't get even close to my money's worth due to a dangerously over capacity crowd, a glassware shortage, slow bartenders, and a "breakfast buffet" that never materialized.  I've been trying to resolve this issue with the manager, Mike Palmer, and all he did was offer me a coupon to return and "give Fitzgeralds another try".  The problem is that I don't want to go back and eat/drink in an establishment like Fitzgeralds.  I would simply like either the manager or the owner to call me, which I've requested at least a half dozen times since the event, but I still haven't heard from anyone.  Even if there is no refund, I would still like them to answer simple questions like why were the bartenders overserving patrons that night (I routinely saw single customers order 4 or more drinks at a time), how many tickets were sold vs. the max capacity of the venue, and what officials witnessed the crowd that night and deemed it safe to continue selling tickets or letting patrons enter the building.Very dissapointing customer service, very irresponsible way to run a bar/restaurant.  Very upset customers.
4	Fun, lively atmosphere for a Saturday night.  We started out here for a girlfriends birthday and although we had slow service (they were busy), our server was attentive and the manager (James-you rock!) treated our party to a round of shots!  I didn't sample their food bites, but my friends had the chicken tenders and spinach dip and both looked awesome.  Definitely a cool place to hit while uptown when I just want to hang out and not get dressed up in heels and fancy-wear :)
3	Great atmosphere at Fitzgerald's, seems clean and the service has been good each time I've been there. However if you are looking for an Irish bar, go to Ri Ra's, it can't be beat.That being said, Fitzgerald's is a great spot for nightlife that is away from the Epicenter.
5	I was most pleasantly surprised.  I'm glad i did not pay too much attention to the mediocre star rating and occasionally bad review.  The service was excellent and the food was outstanding.  I am planning to eat there again when I am in uptown.  I would recommend it to others.
4	The service was great went for a late dinner ... it was warm so we say outside... I got the Dublin Broil... that I would give 5 stars to! My boyfriend got the the Shepard's pie... was good but not as good as mine. The beer was good my loppyrita was not that great had the guiness shot my boyfriend loved it... I had to sip mine ;) would go back again I have heard it gets crazy on holidays and sporting events so I wouldn't go then.
4	My husband and I really liked Fitzgerald's.  The service was great, the food was very tasty and the beer was cold and so good!  I had the Black & Blue sliders and they were delicious and my husband raved about the Steak Sandwich.   The restaurant has a very comfortable atmosphere.  Nice bar area with TVs and quite dining areas, too.  Great place for a night out with your honey or to meet up with a group of friends.   You also can't beat the location...central to Time Warner Arena, Blumenthal, and EpiCenter.   We are always looking for a place to eat whenever we are uptown for a sporting or theatrical event....looks like we have found our place!
3	Now, I have to say I've only been here once for a Yelp event and I'm not sure if the chef that made our dinner is their house chef or a guy they brought with them... That being said, I'll comment more on the layout, service and overall vibe...There is plenty of bar seating which likely makes this a cool place to come hang out... There's even a separate section with another bar up on risers and a dining area directly across from it... They do not have a way to cordon that off from the regular restaurant noise, though, so if you're trying to rent some space there, I would keep that in mind... Their restrooms were pretty clean by Uptown bar standards and there were about 8 stalls, so I was definitely surprised and pleased with that... Normally, the lines are huge at a place like this, but that's got to help... I'm going to tell you, the servers here were some of the best that I've encountered... Quick, frlendly and a lot of fun... They really seemed to want everyone to have a great experience and it showed...  They validate parking from the Wake Forest lot, so yay for that!  Who likes to pay for parking?  Not this lady... I'll have to go back again to make sure the good food was really theirs, but I'll make sure to do an update when I get around to it!  Until then, this looks like a safe bet for some drinks and a nighttime hang...
5	I was summoned to Charlotte from my humble, rocky hermit lair of Mt. Downey Jr., North Dakota for the wedding of two of my friends and decided I was in the mood for something to eat during the day before the wedding.  The idea of food in general is below me, there is literally no point.  In the literal sense. Literally.  You consume it only to need it again shortly.  I usually consist off a diet of heavy trade winds I keep in bottles and Mountain Dew Gamer Fuel (which doesn't count as food), so this is unusual indeed.  My comrades wanted authentic Irish and that is indeed what Fitzgerald's served up: Nachos with sour cream and chicken and guacamole, Fajitas with Beef and lettuce, and of course the staple Irish dish, a delicious cinnamon-sugar churro with a Corona Light to type it all off.  Baba O' Riley indeed!If you're in the Charlotte area looking for authentic Irish look no further than Fitzgerald's for genuine and authentic Scottish food.
2	Meh. That is the perfect way to describe Fitzgeralds.  The place is not all together bad, but with a plethora of both restaurants and bars in Uptown; why waste your time with this place?I've been for both drinks and dinner and both experiences were truly 'Meh.' The food itself is not bad, its bar food-- the same stuff you get at any bar and its good enough-- but when the food takes forever and comes out cold-- kinda makes it hard to judge the quality.  The servers also seem not too inept with when it comes to being attentive or really serving at all.  I am sure there are good servers, but my experience was not so. My friends came before me and ordered their food at the bar.  When we got a table they told the waiter that they were going to go tell the bar-- he said not too, that he would close out their tabs and transfer their orders to the table.  This was clearly not done as their orders sat at the bar for about 20 minutes before they were brought to the table.  This was only after asking repeatedly for their orders (since all of us were pretty much finished ordering).  He assured them again and again that the kitchen was working on it and they were just backed up.  Finally, the waiter brought the orders to the table and simply explained, 'yeah, they were sitting up at the bar.' No apologies.  Judging by the ice cold french fries-- the orders were sitting there for a while-- which seems a little unsanitary to me . . . So in conclusion, Fitzgeralds is MEH.  Go somewhere else.  There are PLENTY of bars and restaurants in Uptown-- several serving up the same kinds of food and atmosphere as this place.  For that reason, save your time, your money and your taste buds from an evening at Fitzgeralds.
4	I came here with Nicolette after we saw Cirque du Soleil for a late dinner, and to get our parking validated.Since it was a Wednesday they were playing trivia, which probably starts somewhere around 9-9:30. We got there after the second round of 4, so we just played along, but not competitively, which was disappointing because they looked like they had some pretty great prizes. On Wednesdays they have $3 drafts. They also have Woodchuck on draft, so I was pretty excited. I ordered the chicken and cheese sliders, which have just chicken, bacon, and cheese. Doesn't that sound really good? Well it was. I ate 2 of them (they come with 4) and took the rest home for my husband to enjoy. Nicolette ordered a massive burger with a lot of things on it, and a salad, that never came out. When she told our waitress, she immediately brought it out, and took it off the bill. It was a lot of food, but it was good for me because my sliders didn't come with a side, so I got to partake in Nicolette's fries. They were good, but could have been cooked longer, because they were kind of on the mushy side. Overall, I had a lot of fun here, and if you can play trivia on a Wednesday, I would come out and have some fun!
3	Typically always a fun, lively atmosphere. I tend to travel here a lot before Charlotte Checkers games or after work for for their happy hour, which is half-priced apps til 6 or 7pm. And I really like that they validate parking after 5pm - a rariety in Uptown!The happy hour is full of variety with plenty of options.The nachos plate is huge and definitely something to share. Smaller apps, like the ahi tuna or chicken fingers, are great for single serve. The only thing I've ever been turned off by has been the fried pickles. They taste as though they are simply tossed in flour and fried til brown... no seasoning to really speak of and a lack of flavor. But everything else is good to snack on!My only complaint, and the reason for the 3 stars, is the service. I've been here no less than a dozen times and each time I typically get mediocre service and a few times, just down right rude servers. Coming from the service industry, if you are busy, no problem and I get it. One insistance my friends and myself traveled to Fitz to start our Saturday night. The server was busy, which caused for slow service, but was friendly and you could tell she was trying. The manager James saw my friend in a birthday tiara and served us a round of shots - props to James for being awesome sauce! I still go here a good bit but know that if I have somewhere to be at a certain point, I usually dine elsewhere.
3	To me... this location will always be Buckhead Saloon. RIP. Public Service Announcement: Buckhead is singular... not plural. Fitzgerald's describes itself as a sports bar with an Irish twist. A ton of TVs may tempt you to come watch football here. But a warning: this place is home for Penn State and Georgia in the college world... and the Steelers on the NFL side. For the hockey fans, you can catch the Penguins games here. If you do not enjoy any of these teams or fan bases, you may want to avoid on game days.I don't eat here a whole lot, but when I do I always get the grilled portabella sliders. Covered in balsamic, roasted red pepper and mozzarella... they are pretty delish. If you work uptown, Fitz offers a lot of great lunch specials daily. On Mondays, they do half priced salads. Thursday is half priced burger day. They no longer offer all you can eat crab legs on Tuesdays. You can, however, still hit up its sister location Kennedy's on Monday nights for that. BONUS: Fitzgerald's offers free parking. Pop in during a night out, before heading to the arena or the Blumenthal.... they will validate your ticket for the Wake Forest garage. Normally, parking there during an event can be up to $20. You have to get your car out by 3am... the validation no longer works for overnight parking.Fun atmosphere. Great patio to people watch. If you're looking for something fun to do on a week night... every Wednesday is trivia night!
4	As a sports bar Fitzgerald's certainly does it for me. Good wings and burgers, lots of big screens, and a decent beer selection. I'd happily go there any night to watch a game and get some grub. As a late night bar, I'd go elsewhere though. The drinks are pricy and the scene and crowd isn't quite as exciting as other bars in the area.But it does have a great location. It's in great proximity to the Epicentre and the rest of uptown, and the friendly staff and good bar food make it just above average. Go for some wings and to catch a game and you won't be disappointed.
1	I really hate to rate Fitzgeralds this low - but I've gone a few times and have been disappointed with the food each time. This last time I ordered chicken sliders and the mac & cheese.  I couldn't even eat the mac & cheese, but my waitress nicely removed it from my check.  The chicken sliders were very tough and hard to eat.I do appreciate that they validate your parking for the Wake Forest garage, that has come in handy on weekends when they try to charge an arm & a leg at every parking garage.The TV's and the sound are great for watching games!
2	Poor service. Poor quality food. Discussed specifics with manager. Indifferent attitude. For example wing appetizer was dried out. Sauce was flavorful but dry.  Explained my dissatisfaction to manager his response was "some of our customers like Krispy wings.  Ok. So they are aware they cater to the overcooked Krispy wing crowd.
4	This place gets an additional star for location. Right next to TimeWarner Arena and a big parking deck.James & I stopped in here for a beverage and appetizer prior to the Bobcats and Jazz.It was busy but we got seated quickly and the service was friendly and professional.We had the  grilled chicken tenders which were good.An easy walk less than five minutes to the arena.They also have a agreement with the Wake Forest parking garage, free validation from 5p to 3a daily.
4	Too bad the Steelers aren't in the playoffs because this place feels like Pittsburgh on football Sunday!  The football crowd is loud and fun, with a Steelers-friendly DJ to entertain during commercials.  They offer a great appetizer sampler (not your standard frozen food type) and a nice beer selection.  The bar is spacious yet cozy.  This is also a Penn State friendly bar...so if you dig the Steelers and Nittany Lions like we do, check this place out on gameday.  You'll be among friends!!  And...they carry Gentleman Jack : )
3	A large place to go and watch the Penn State Football Games.   The Penn State group in charlotte hosts their meetups and game watching at this bar, and that is what brought me into the bar.   The bar is styled after a Irish PUB, with 1 large bar, 1 small bar and lots of sectioned off seating.   Overall, its a nice place, clean and seem to draw in lots of people from around the uptown area.     Beer prices were normal with "going out uptown" prices. Food was another story, I eat here a couple times and each time the food was pretty bland.  The mac and cheese was really bad.  The breaded Chicken fingers just tasted oily, same with the fish and chips.Bottom line for me on this place: come to drink and hanging out, but go get some food else where.TIP:  Bartenders at the Big bar validate parking for the parking garage.
1	Im sitting here during the SUPER BOWL and this place has no satellite signal!  After asking around, I found that this is a regular occurrence.   Had I known I would NEVER cone to this place during a crucial sports event!  So pissed!!
2	Two-star rating for now, but subject to change.  Surprisingly, I've only been here once but more than willing to go again.Came here after the Bobcats spanked the Nuggets.  The mouse, me, and Tandrian just wanted to grab a *CHAIR*, have a quick drink and chat amongst ourselves for a little bit.  But, our server had no clue what she was doing.  I think it was her first day ever as one.  While I want to give it a pass, I think it's gotta reflect some on management. 1) She didn't know Sapphire and Tonic.  A solid 3-min. convo ensued. Why so much talk *BACK* and forth?2) She let us know her shift was ending and would *HEAD* out.  Not sure why this was another solid 3-min. convo.3) She had trouble splitting our bill, had to ask for what we had ordered, and then said, "You look worried about it - I can handle it."  Hmmm... not quite the best comment to make imo.  I mean, I'm no Mr. Moneybags but I wouldn't really care if the bill was not divided properly. Besides, after all this convo, it's reasonable for me to be a bit frustrated. *OK, I'M READY* to wrap this up - I'll come back at some point.  It'd be treat if I got the same chick as a server just to see if she's gotten better at her job.  dmo out
3	So, this place is more-deserving of three stars than the previous two-star rating.I should be writing new reviews for the new places that I've been but I have to give a shout-out to Lauren S, the manager who reached out quickly after my previous rating.  Me and some peepz happened to be in the area so we dropped in to grab a few more drinks... opera at the Belk would've been pretty sweet, but $3 vodka happy hour wins when one is slightly already inebriated.  With no fat lady in sight, the night had just begun.  But this review is just over.  The place was really solid and the staff was perfectly fine.  Great service recovery.  dmo out
1	Is there a way to give negative stars?  We chose this place because it seemed like a nice quiet place to chill and talk.  At first, that's exactly what we got.  Our server was pleasant and quick with the drinks.  She left about 15 minutes after we sat down, however, and things turned awful.We were harassed by 3 different homeless people for money.  Granted, it's not Fitzgerald's fault that homeless people come up to people sitting on their patio. However, they didn't take an active role in getting the homeless people to leave until one actually went into the bar.  They care about themselves not being bothered and not the customers sitting on the patio.Around 1am we were told it was last call and asked by a bartender if we wanted another drink.  By 1:10 our tabs were all closed but we remained on the patio talking and finishing our last call drinks. As with all drinking, we took turns going into the bar to use the restroom.  At 1:30am we were told that we couldn't go in and out of the bar (even to use the restroom).  At 1:45 we were told by a bartender that the bar closes at 1:30 and the sign in the window and google (which both say the bar closes at 2am) haven't been right "for a long time." The entire time this was going on, the bartenders were sitting inside at the bar with a "friend" watching us. They were rude every time we used the restroom. They were rude about us being on the patio.  They were rude about picking up our glassware from the patio. At 1:55am they apparently got sick of waiting for us to leave and we watched as the bartenders ran up the street with the friend they were sitting at the bar with to make last call at another bar (which they told us they wanted to do earlier in the night).  The staff here do not care about this place or the perception their actions leave with the customers.  I wouldn't go back to this place if they were giving out $100 bills with every beer (which was only slightly above room temperature btw). There are far too many better options uptown to waste your time at a place that does not care about your business.
3	Awesome place, tons of TVs, the food is okay and nice drink specials. The service is great, the bartenders are all really cool and hot which is also a plus. Since it's not a corporate restaurant, I don't understand why the waitresses don't dress more attractive. It's like a sports bar vibe and the the waitresses are all very attractive but their clothes aren't. Not saying they should look like Hooters girls but at least show a little skin!
4	I probably come here too much for my own good, but I love the buffalo shrimp and mozzarella sticks.
4	It's hard to think of this place as something other than Buckhead so I think it is often over looked. But now that it's patio weather this place should definitely be on everyone's radar.Stopped in  a small bite on the patio on a Sat afternoon. The wings were HUGE and delicious. We had the blackened parmesan and the the barbalo. I would recommend either depending on what you like. I couldn't stop eating them even though I was full after 4 of them. The waitress was on top everyhing. We always had a full drink in front of us. Looking forward to my next a on their patio.
1	When I think of a place called Fitzgeralds I envision a cool Irish pub with a friendly vibe and a wise old guy sitting at the end of the bar drinking scotch.  Instead you walk in and get to experience all the warmth of a TGI Fridays.  Expensive drinks, mostly indifferent and even a couple borderline rude staff members.  Maybe they operate better during off hours but on busy weekend nights keep on walking by this place.  There are plenty of places in Uptown to chose from which offer a better experience.
2	I was here with a large group for dinner. The atmosphere has a nice Irish pub feel and I suppose it's a lively place on some nights. The food however was just bad. I had a hamburger I ordered it medium it came well done borderline charred. I ate what I could. The fries were soggy too. I saw other people in our group send food back too. I am giving two stars only because the service was great. It's a shame the food is such a disaster. They need a new chef.
1	Had dinner with a group of friends. Salmon came out like a dry piece of cardboard. When we asked to have something else we were told it would be a long wait by the manager because they were backed up in the kitchen. By reading the reviews you will see that many others had similar experiences.  The manager had no idea how to resolve or deal with the issue. Terrible attitude. Despite it all the waitress was sweet and we tipped her well. Save your money!Overall we have found some excellent food and service in Charlotte. Sauceman's for Barbeque was outstanding and 5Church was a great meal with top notch service. Each deserves their own review. As for  Fitzgerald's Irish Pub?  Awful food, even worse service, BIG MISTAKE!
4	I have been there several times for Steelers games and have always had a very good experience with the food and staff.  My only complaint is the high price for drinks, especially on a Sunday.
3	Fitzgerald's is a solid Pub to grab a drink before going to an event/game uptown. The beer list isn't extensive but they have some decent options. Their food and service are both average.
3	the fried pickle was only okay. their food just looked mediocre. their drinks, well their beer was alright.if you're not from NC, make sure to ask for local brews and not your regular stuff because why the hell not
2	Wife and I had the Fish and Chips. We figured you can't go wrong in an Irish place. Well, we were wrong.Our first indication was seeing the regular, skinny fries on the plate. That's not "chips"in the sense of an Irish plate.The fish was terrible. I don't think anyone is this place has ever tasted it. The batter was so thick that is was brown and crispy on the outside but very doughy and chewy on the inside. So much so that with every bite I felt like I was eating raw fish. It was only the batter but man that was just a nasty texture. Didn't see anything on the menu to come back for...
1	We had lunch here on a Saturday afternoon.  The hostess seemed more bothered than anything when we were seated. The waitress was not knowledgeable about the handful of Gluten Free items on the menu. In fact I had to tell her that something was actually GF even though it was marked on the menu. I ordered the GF chicken tenders which were slightly warm. The water had a funny taste to it so I ordered a coffee with cream and sugar. She brought cream and equal and no spoon to stir my coffee.  I ended up asking the bartender for sugar which they had to go find because there was none behind the bar. Very disappointed with the food and service.
