3	My favorite Winchell's Pub in town.  Been coming to this bar for years and the food is your traditional bar food.  The bar itself has a glass enclosure due to the smoking ban, which sucks.  The bartenders over the years have had their ups and downs and the turnover has been your usual bar turnover.Not going to blow you aways in overall experience, however, if you around and want a drink this is one of the better bars for a quick drink or some late night food.
4	Always good food. I have been going here with my family for at least 10 years. The food is always consistent. Its good pub food !  My favorite here is breakfast, I  enjoy the Eggs benedict , my brother loves the meat monster omelette its a big one with all the breakfast meats!  My husband and son seem to have their favorites too....they always order the homemade chips with cajun seasoning as an appetizer and the buffalo chicken sliders. My daughter is a wild card she orders a wide variety. She is the pickiest among us too ! She is always satisfied here. I  have to say this is probably my favorite casual neighborhood spot. They always have dinner specials which sound tasty and are reasonably priced . I would recommend Winchells.
3	When it's late and you want a pint and some wings, this isn't a bad spot. Granted they aren't free range organic, but better than the stuff you'll get at BWW. The place is usually empty after 1am, so the service is great.
5	Winchell's is always on our list of lunch destinations; they always have great food and daily specials. Their soups are always very good! Today I had a side salad, which was good per the norm and ventured to try their wonton wrapped prawns, which are a new item on their appetizer menu. I guess I was expecting something a little different and do not think I would order them again. I usually get the chicken club (add avocado) with their homemade potato chips! I will stick with the usual from now on, which is the best! The service is always exceptional and we will definitely return again & again.
5	Four of my friends and I went to Winchell's a few nights ago on a whim and know we'll be going back.   I have lived 2 miles from this place and just got around to giving it a try.   We all had nothing but good comments here.  Maureen's seafood pasta looked delicious and, according to her, was just that.  Large scallops, shrimp and other fish in a great looking creamy sauce over linguini.  She ate every bit.Sandy and Jeannette loved their Reuben sandwiches although they both had to take half home because they are huge!!  The sandwich is served with a marble rye bread that they particularly liked.My French Dip sandwich in a Ciabatta roll was one of the best.  I love this sandwich but not always good in some places.  This one was exceptional.  Very tender, juicy stacked beef, thinly sliced to perfection on a very fresh (maybe too fresh) Ciabatta roll.  Not to salty au jus for dipping made this a darn good meal. I swore I would take half home but ........:-) Tons of very crispy french fries, sprinkled with a zesty seasoned salt could get me to love french fries again.  Ditto on the coleslaw side.Service was excellent.  We overstayed our welcome because we were enjoying the conversation as we always do and no one tried to rush us out.  The  menu is large and the prices are very reasonable for the portions served.The restaurant is divided  by an enclosed glass smoking section completely  apart from the non-smoking section.  .  We liked that.
2	The bleu cheese dressing is good.Let me see, uh, the waffle fries are good for frozen spuds.Not too much else stands out. The hamburgers are served with steak knives, which indicates they're not really meant to be eaten as hamburgers, probably because the lettuce is shredded and the buns are soft and flimsy. Let me tell you, for the money, I'll take Five Guys any day.The chili is so bad that I've eaten day-old canned leftovers that were better.None of the food is very good, some--like the hamburgers--passable, but for eating I'd definitely recommend another place.
3	I went here on a lark with my lovely wife last week and had lunch.  The first thing I got was a nose full of cigarette smoke which is trapped in the front entrance.  We sat outside on the enclosed patio, and it wasn't bad.  The appetizer (a hummus dip and olive dip) was strange and not what I expected,  I couldn't call it wonderful, but once again, it wasn't bad.  My wife ordered a frisco style burger and I had this grinder.  It was the worst sandwich I have ever had in my life.  I took one bite and I was done.  I have to admit the waitress (who was really nice and a good server too) kind of warned me that I might not like it, and I should have listened.  She offered to bring me something else, but I just shared my wife's burger (which was excellent). The waitress was kind enough to remove the grinder from the bill, you will be happy to know I tipped her as if it was still on there! So, the place aint bad.  It aint great.  It aint bad.  I think I will give it another chance, and will update accordingly if things improve.
2	Service is really just transactional they don't put too much into their service. Food is mediocre just typical bar food and more than half the time barely hot. And on numerous times sicker than I've ever been.
4	I have to admit, it's been a while since I've been here, so I'm catching up on some old reviews, but as a former Henderson resident, this place was one of my favorites. I don't know if a lot about it has changed, but we always loved the chips they made in house, and would sometimes make trips to Winchell's just for those.
3	My boyfriend came here one Sunday afternoon trying to kill a bit of time. I've seen this place a few times, but never really wanted to come in and try it. My boyfriend we suggested we come here, because he came once and had the nachos and thought they were amazing. He also included a little fun fact: Roseanne Barr was interviewed before and stated that when she's in Vegas she always has to stop by Winchell's because it's her favorite place to be.My boyfriend and I sat at the bar, so that we could gamble a little. He ordered Fat Tire on tap and I had a virgin pina colada because I'm pregnant. (There are probably a total of 10 beers on tap which is pretty good, I did not catch which ones are offered though).For lunch, we ordered fried zucchini, nachos with beef, and the grilled cheese sandwich with 3 types of cheese and avocado. The fried zucchini was great! I never knew this vegetable was so tasty, it came with a side of ranch. The nachos were pretty big and they were reasonably tasty but nothing over the top. We had to bring this home, we couldn't finish it with all the food we ordered. And lastly, I didn't quite fancy the grilled cheese sandwich. It was nothing special. I would've preffered making a velveeta grilled sandwich at home; but my boyfriend said he thought it was "amazing." I maybe a little picky... The staff was all very friendly and timely. I would come back only if my boyfriend wanted.
4	I love Winchell's. Just some good ol' fashioned food in a friendly, neighborly atmosphere.I first started eating here because my then, girlfriend (now, wife) worked here when we met. I've never really been impressed with the food that you can get at neighborhood bars around here. It always just seemed like something to keep you busy between drinking and losing all my money on a video poker machine...not anything I would go out of my way for...and certainly not the star of the show.But Winchell's is different. They have food with flavor. Classic delights like calf's liver and onions with bacon, fish & chips, and salisbury steak are done with an unusual finesse and a skilled hand. But I usually go for a late night snack and those dinners are only available from 5pm-11pm.Where Winchell's really shines is their sandwiches and burgers....one particular burger comes to mind: The San Francisco - served on a grilled parmesan-sourdough loaf and loaded with homemade thousand island dressing and swiss (wipe the drool from your mouth...you don't wanna ruin your keyboard). As a matter of fact, you can request that bread on pretty much any sandwich.The Cuvee salad is another favorite: a delicate balance of mixed spring greens, candied walnuts, smoked gouda cheese, apples, grapes and chicken all tossed with a stringent, yet sweet champagne vinaigrette. By the way, all the dressings are housemade. Did I mention that they make their own potato chips too? And that they're delicious!I've tried most things on the menu here and I have not yet been disappointed. The servers, bartenders and bussers are all friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is warm and cozy. This is a diamond amongst the lumps of coal we have scattered throughout the valley.
4	We order their burgers and they are excellent! The service is great and the room is very nice and comfortable. Great for late night eating and a few drinks.
5	My family has been patroning Winchell's on Eastern for years.  They even remembered my late father in law used to come in and pick up food to go.  Great Staff, great food for the money.
4	I really enjoy this location.  Great TVs. Great food! Staff calls you by name. It is relaxing and playing poker is part od the relaxing time.
5	I've been a LOYAL Patron, Customer, Friend, and Billboard of this specific Winchells Pub Location in the Las Vegas area for 8+ years.I won't name names, Mario, in fear of leaving somebody out.Patrons and servers come and go! But one thing I know! Every newcomer is destined to become another LOYAL Customer.The machines are loose to challenging! The servers are courteous, kind, sweet, and cute all at once! BUT! The FOOD!I've never been let down when the CHEF and his staff are concerned! MAGNIFIQUE Chef! I've had many salads with fresh and crisp ingredients. I've had soft omelets of  excellent texture and flavor for breakfast. Tonight I had a salad that drew me to tell you about Winchell's Henderson tonight.This was a mexican Chicken Chipotle salad that had a perfect blend of spices, texture, and juiciness that was Awesome to savor every fork full.Thank you Winchell's for providing your patrons with the best of everything!Your friend and Patron forever!
4	Max S. says that I should stop closing business in Henderson by writing poor reviews on yelp...huh... thus I am writing a fan review of this operation.  We visited Winchell's last evening and the good looking male bartender was funny and gave good service. The other employees were pleasant and helpful as well.  I especially enjoyed the Patty Melt and they had Stella in stock and flowing from the tap. I have been here a number of times and always had a positive experience.
5	I couldn't possibly love this place any more than I do. This is my go - to spot. The staff, the food, everything is just wonderful. I'm 2000 miles away from.my family,  but I honestly always feel at home here. Mario, Lindsey, Wendy, they are all just wonderful.
5	We came here for an informal inexpensive meal with another couple. Normally I get the Cuvee salad when I come to Winchells . But tonight they had a Tuesday night special for chicken fajitas for just $11. I couldn't resist. They brought out a huge portion of chicken, stir fried vegetables that are typical for fajita. They also had a very large portion of guacamole, sour cream, beans with melted cheese, and slices chili peppers. The portion was huge. I wasn't able to finish even half despite the fact that I came in hungary. The chicken was moist and very flavorful. The combination, in the tortilla (still warm), was excellent. As good as anything I've had in a Mexican restaurant. All of this for just $11. A great deal. I certainly will come back.
1	I love the food, but the service is so rude, (excluding the main manager, he's awesome.) My grandma doesn't speak English well and the waitresses completely talked down to her like she was a child. She ordered wings plain for her appetizer combo and they only gave her wings; they refused to cooperate and only continued to demean her. I usually love this place, but don't be mean to my little grandma! Along with that, the waitresses began to purposely ignore me when I tried to order anything extra. Not coming back for a while...
1	Still rude service. I tried to give them a second chance. Get new waitresses already.
