5	The best Sichuan restaurant in North America. Yes I know, quote a claim.But after trying the spicy lamb, the duck casserole and spicy fish, I stand by my claim.Now if you are a wuss and cannot stand strong tasting spicy food, move on. Why don't you go find a marshmallow stand. BUT if you can handle cumin, the unique sichuan peppercorn - hau jiao (?), you have come to the right place.The waitress wanted to know if I wanted it hot. And I said yes. So while my wife and kids were gasping for air I wolfed down piquant, pungent, pepper laden phood. The names on the dishes were misleading. Spicy and peppery lamb had NOTHING in common with spicy and peppery fish. Both were very unique. Even the non-spicy map-pu tofu, a not to my 17 yr old, had fresh mushroom and tofu.Highly recommended!!
4	The food here is good quality, the place is nice, and the prices are affordable ($10 for lunch with tax and tip).  The hot & sour soup is one of the best I've ever had.  Beware that the hot food is HOT.  I will definitely go back here but order something more tame than the hot garlic sauce pork.Service was a bit slow for lunch; it's more of a sit down type place than a eat and run restaurant.
4	Delicious indeed, and super spicy!We're from Sichuan, one of the spice capitols of China, so we know spicy.  That said, the spiciness at this place is something to behold.  First bite into the "Shredded Pork with Garlic Sauce" (), my "otherworldly spicy" alarm went off.  Indeed, it was so spicy that we had to rinse it off with water!  This is something we have never resorted to before.  Having said that, we were very satisfied with our dishes.  Despite the otherworldly spiciness, they were richly flavorful and obviously well prepared.  We were very impressed with our vegetable dish, the eggplants with potatoes.  While we didn't try it, we saw many customers get the meat dishes "on a hot iron plate", which indicates they have fans and should be tried.I will eat here again next time I visit Montreal.
3	Today I tried the tofu with peanuts.  It was average.  The service was still friendly and pleasant like the last time.  The lunch menu is limited and about half of the options are Chinese restaurant standards.
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place. I am a regular customer and they make me feel like I'm part of the family every time I walk in. The food is consistently excellent. I would recommend to anyone and everyone. The decor is lacking but when you taste the food, the look of the restaurant suddenly matters much less. When you want Chinese food in Montreal, Delicieux Xiang is the place to go.
5	Supremely tasty Sichuan food. The fish filet (don't recall exact name) dish was served in a red hot bath with the mouth-numbing peppercorns that are traditional in Sichuan cooking. These little suckers add to the multi-tier spiciness coming from the red chili peppers and required extra napkins to wipe off the sweat. We ordered freshly made dumplings that the waitress said came from their sister restaurant. That restaurant would be the equally delicious dumpling house down the block: Mai Xiang Yuan. Also excellent, we tried them the next night to great satisfaction... and crippling fullness.They had one of my favorite desserts-  rice wine soup. However, our waitress informed us the rice balls weren't cooking properly and we said we'd be fine with the rice wine broth anyway. The flavor was spot-on, I'll have to return again to get a taste of the whole picture.
2	Food is very pricey, and in my opinion not worth its price (18$ for a very small duck dish).The service is awful, we were the only customers at 6pm in a Friday night, and there was only 1 waitress. After serving us she then proceeded to play poker with the other staffs, and never came once to fill our water or to ask what else do we need.In addition, many items from their menu were not available.Is their food tasty? I've eaten much better and at a much lower price.Is their food spicy? Yes, and that's the only reason why I'm not giving them a 1-star rating because I can rarely find spicy food in Montreal that can satisfy my Sichuanese pallet.Other than that, there are many Chinese restaurants better than this one. I guess two years ago when they first opened it really was as good as advertised, but according to my friends who previously came to this place, it has gone downhill.Oh I forgot to mention the hygiene, their men's washroom was just... I'm gonna go puke.
1	The waiter told us their dumpling is shipped from another dumpling store on St.Laurent, so it made me think why am I hashing out 10 bucks for this dumpling dish that's not even made here...But thanks for the honesty. Service wasn't too bad either. In general, the food here is great although it's price point is at one of the highest in china town. What ticks me off about this restaurant is their dishonesty when handling payment transaction. Come time to pay, the restaurant staff looks at my visa card from Bank of America and tells me they don't accept "foreign credit cards" and will add on 8% to the total bill for the transaction cost. In the past three occassions I have been to Montreal, I have never encountered such problem wherever visa cards are accepted. Tried explaining this to her, but she has no ears to listen, proceeds to slap out + 8% to total bill and rings me up on the machine that every canadian stores use to swipe visa cards. Thought about calling consumer credit hotline, but eh. whatever. If you're from the states and are looking to eat here, don't order their dumplings, and pay in cash-- and expect your dinner budget to evaporate at the end of the night.
2	If we would go back a year I would give at least a 4 star but something has happened her the last 2 trips. All waitresses have left and we think there is a new cook. Do not waste your time ordering General Tao, its nothing but batter. Thier dumplings which used to be amazing were totally awful. WTF happened??? They did not even have thier trademark Eggplant dish anymore.  Only dish which was half decent was the xinjiang lamb dish. When it comes to chinese food in Montreal it sucks. I spend 3 months a year in china and Montreal is just awful. Its more worth it to fly to Toronto for real authentic Chinese food. Before I used to highly recommend this place but now say stay away!!! I will not be going back here anymore.
1	Why oh why did I go to Chinatown in Montreal!? My instincts said stick to French restaurants and places in Old Montreal, but nooooo, I had to come here. First off, after we were seated, it took the waiter about 30 minutes just to come over and take our drink order. That alone should have been our cue to get up and leave.The place wasn't too busy, so that was no excuse for the terrible service. After taking our order, it took them over an hour to bring out our food (I really wish I was exaggerating, but I'm not). We watched as large groups of Chinese people were seated and served before our food came out; it was absolutely ridiculous how they treated us. When we finally did get our food, it was fairly bland and tasteless. I don't think I've ever been so angry in a restaurant (I usually have great experiences since I started relying on yelp reviews) and I want to warn every person that they should avoid this place at all costs; there are too many great places in Montreal for you to waste your time and money here.
4	From the same owners as Mai Xiang Yuan comes an amazing szechuan in china town.  They do spicy, and they do it well. They offer an assortment of dumplings, which are made at nearby Mai Xiang Yuan and brought over, so really, if you want the dumplings, just go next door. They offer a few "Western Style" dishes such as general tso which can be underwhelming. When sticking to the less western spicy dishes, such as the spicy lamb, or the eggplant in garlic sauce, this is where they shine through. Simple food, with big spices. The aformentioned lamb, loaded with dried chili, cumin, onion, and spring onion is a fresh delight. The eggplant, fried to perfection crispy, garlicy, spicy but sweet a delight.It's worth noting during lunch it is typically only a single server and single cook, so it can be slow, but it is also rarely crowded during weekday lunches. Infact this is often the best time to go. At dinner or on weekends the limited staff can be a bit of a slow down. Still, highly recommended.
4	Had the good luck to go here for a Tuesday lunch with Clayton V, it was empty and we had the friendly waitress to ourselves. It's a nice room, bright big and casual with windows all around looking down on St Laurent. We ordered spicy beef and eggplant and potatoes and rice to share. Holy amazingly delicious, honestly. It came out quick, hot, spicy with beautiful textures and subtle flavours. And the hot tip from Clayton and his lovely wife: order dumplings here and you will get served the glorious goods from the very crowded very awesome dumpling joint this family owns across the street. And this is why I love hanging out with Yelpers!
1	Stay away from this place.  The staff  runs a scam.  They  did not realize I was Canadian. First they tried to add 8% to bill for using credit card. Then  they threatened me that it is a law in canada that  patrons must tip 15% and threatened to call police if I did not tip.  I wonder how many unsuspecting tourists fall for this. Shameful.
