4	I like this little place!  I love Mom and Pop restaurants.  I usually order either the sopes e carnitas, or gorditas.  I have tried a few other things on their menu like the shrimp cocktail, carnitas plate etc., but the gorditas and sopes are just good.  For those of you who are wondering what a gorditas even is...its a corn tortilla "pita" pocket that is stuffed with protein of your choice, cheese, onions and cilantro.  Sopes are handmade corn tortilla dough "cups" that are fried, then topped with beans, protein, lettuce, tomato and cheese. Like a tostada but better.This is not a fast food taco joint, so be patient, all the food is handmade by a gang of women in the kitchen!  Comida especial!There is a very large color menu to help us gringos order with a wide range of choices!  Ala carte or plates...
4	Stopped by on Sunday around 3pm for a late lunch...place was packed!  Nice to see...had Sopes e Carnitas, Shrimp Cocktail and a Torta Milanesa....Sopes and Shrimp Cocktail were great!  The Torta, not so much..bread was old, the fried steak was too thin and tasted old...it was edible...so Tortas are not their strong point.
2	I'll be honest, we used to go here all the time. Every single time, they were rude to us, but it was worth it for the delicious chicken gorditas. However, the final straw was when we found a toothpick in our taquito. No, I dont mean it was poking out, I mean it was wrapped in the tortilla inside with the chicken. My sis BIT into it. That same time, I chomped something hard, it was a big piece of gravel. In my chicken gordita. Ok, we're gringas, but I used to work in Mexico and speak some spanish. I am used to anti-gringo attitudes, I used to get called all sorts of names walking around. However, this place is the WORST I have ever experienced, especially here in the states, and I truly believe, to this day, it was because we are gringas. Gravel doesnt just "accidentally" get into chicken. Nor does a toothpick get fried into a taquito. I havent returned. I will always miss their gorditas.
5	I used to drive to Tucson to enjoy delicious tacos and other Mexican affairs. For a fast for mexican joint, like a filbertos, the food is amazing fresh. I'm not 100% sure but the gorditas and tortillas are home made. I'm going to keep this review short. Go get the cabeza and lingua gorditas, now.
5	Been going here for years. Always get the same thing for my husband when kids and I have eaten already. I bring him the mojarra frita and it's always been consistently delicious. People are friendly too.
4	It is hard to believe five  Mexican fast food places could exist on 32nd St. & Greenway.  Food City has a place inside, Filiberto's, Los Betos,and here. ( there is one more that I can't think of..)Anyway, I have been going to this place for a few years now.  While the staff is not the friendliest, nor have they been necessarily unfriendly, the food has always been good. Usually hit this place with my cousin for breakfast.  About two weeks ago I had their tripitas burrrito.  I crave that sucker now.  I think I dreamt about it the other night.The tripas are loaded with diced and perfectly crisped tripas( mouth is watering...) If you go, try something a little different.  The "scrap" meats that are common in Mexican family fare are pretty darn tasty.  'Course the "interesting" meat cuts sound a lot fancier when ordered in  French restaurant, but go for a truly tasty lengua, cabeza, or tripitas burrito!
4	It takes 32 minutes.(The time needed to get from SW baggage claim to the curbside pick-up to the highway to the very first stop on my every trip to Phoenix - authentic Mexican food at Alberto's....I mean, El Tio....same diff...and good at any location. They'll tell you they're different and that there is some type of territorial feud going on between the two locally-operated chains. But, don't believe the hype....they just like to give you reason to keep jumping back and forth between both their great menus! Go for the burritos, stay for the chips with pseudo-guac and homemade salsas!)
5	The best Mexican food I have had in phoenix! I have had two friends that were born and raised in Mexico go there to test the place out and they both gave two thumbs up. The food reminded them of there grandma so it had to be delicious. Re-fried beans are amazing and so is the horchata.
4	I've been looking for a place that serves gorditas and this place doesn't disappoint.  You can have them with just about anything you ask.    The tripas, cabeza and lengua are my fave.    They are so good.This place also make the menudo just the way I like it.  Plenty of tripe,  spicy and hot and you can ask for toasted bread.   They do serve this everyday and not only on Sundays.  Their rolled tacos supreme are good but the psuedo guac was unexpected.  The guacamole is a  "watered-down" version. The service can be rude at times if their's short woman behind the counter.   She usually works the morning shift.   The guy in the evening is always pleasant and in good spirits. The place is small but the food keeps me going back for more.
4	Best cheap Mexican food in the valley! Found this place after the deli I wanted to go to next door was closed. Their gorditas are legit. They have every filling from chorizo with egg to classic carne asada. So simple and delicious with just lime and hot sauce. My girlfriend gets the taquitos supreme which is a deilcious gut bomb. I stick to the gorditas and sometimes throw in a white cheese quesadilla. If you are a gringo like me you might get some attitude but be nice and nice things happen. Norma is the short lady working behind the counter, be nice to her and see how fat those gorditas can be, mine come over flowing with carne!
3	They are very, very, VERY racist!! This is my 3rd time visiting this yummy Mexican place. The food is AMAZING! Sadly they are racist :( The first time I ate food from here my husband got it to go(my husband is white...blonde hair, green eyes), while I waited in the car. He ordered me nachos and got him self carne asada fries. The nachos were really yummy, but they didn't have a lot of toppings. I went back on my own about a week and a half ago and the food they gave me was AMAZING! It was 100 times better than what my husband got! I'm middle eastern, but can pass as Mexican. I assumed my food was better because there was a man working the register and cooking the food. I decided to go back a few days ago for lunch because the food was sooooooo good! Well, this time there were women behind the counter....they were super nice and friendly! I noticed some white people come in and her attitude completely changed, she was rude and almost seemed annoyed that they were there. Their food was ready before mine, the quality was the EXACT quality my husband got! My food was ready right after theirs, and mine was AMAZING wayyyy better than what they got!! I don't think they like white people....the whole menu is in Spanish! I can read and speak Spanish...so it's no problem for me. I think if they really wanted Americans in their restaurant.... they would translate the menu. I give it 3 stars because they are nice to me and the food is AWESOME! I take away the other two because they were not so nice to my husband :(
1	omg. worst mexican "food" ever.looking for a mexican food place on the way home from the cave creek area, we happened upon this place's relatively good reviews and decided to give it a shot. i ordered the chile relleno plate and my date ordered a chicken quesadilla. apparently the chicken quesadilla wasn't bad. but of my two chile rellenos, only one of them found it's way to the microwave, since the bottom was cold, and the cheese was hard. the beans were gray they had so much lard in them. this plate was hard to look at, let alone eat. i will not be coming back here again.
4	We went here for early dinner after movies on a Saturday.I picked this place because I wanted Menudo (it is a huge bowl for less than $6)Hubby got the carne asada fries, and he liked them. Huge mountain of fries topped with carne asada, cheese, guacamole and sour cream.Daughter had shrimp cocktail and cheese cake.Shrimp cocktail was very good (I didn't taste it but she did like it a lot) and the cheesecake we all shared and it was so so... it was sweet, caramel like flavor, so all and all it was a nice dessert, but not much ofthe cheesecake flavor and consistency that we were expecting.We will definitely be back, especially since I found this place looking for tripitas (I have not found many places that serve tripitas)However, the few times we have been there it has been a tad warm... so as the temperatures increase we will probably be ordering to go.Staff was very friendly.
4	Love the food!!! Reminds me of a hole in wall taqueria in California with authentic mexican food
5	This place is a hidden gem! This was my husband & my first time here based on the great reviews on yelp we read and we were very pleased. . Our standards for mexican food / taco shops are high & this place definitely met that. We had combo plates and they were fantastic! Food is authentic and priced fairly! A definite recommendation!
4	Excellent juicy (not greasy) carne asada tacos. You know it's the real deal when it has only cilantro and onion! The salsas are also excellent
4	The food here at Gorditas is absolutely amazing, kicking the competition to the ground. Situated in what I call the "heart of Mexico", the atmosphere isn't very welcoming nor are the workers. Upon ordering, I was not greeted and getting looks from both the workers and their customers as I am not of Mexican descent. But in the end, I'm only there for the food!
3	I was in the area and decided to try out this Taco shop since I don't live nearby.  When I walked into the restaurant, I thought I would have an awesome meal...but it turned out to be mediocre.  Here's what I ordered:Beans/Rice/Cheese Burrito, $3.10Carne Asada Taco, $1.33The BRC Burrito was ok....the Beans didn't taste fresh.  The Carne Asada Taco was pretty good, but didn't have that "addictive flavor" to it.  I love Mexican Food and judge restaurants by asking this simple question..."Will I get the urge to drive a long distance (15+ min) to eat there?".....in this case, the answer was "no".Return Factor - 30%
