2	Had to change my review after the last few times the hubby & I came here. Sorry Pho Chandler, but your food has been disappointing me the past few times and I can't keep the high marks on here anymore. The pho has no flavor, and the other plates weren't anything to rave about either...except the bun rieu. One good dish. Good service. Two stars.  =)
4	We have been to Pho Chandler several times since the opening.  It is nice to finally have a good Vietnamese restaurant in South Chandler.  Pho is good, as well as the rolls and beef salad.  The service is very friendly.
3	Good pho - great to have variety in S. Chandler.The place:Tucked around the corner in from a Home Depot in a strip mall, kind of behind a Firestone/Tire shop.  The decor is pretty basic, but comfortable.  There is a TV on the wall, and what appears to be a bar, but it doesn't seem that it's used for serving.  Service is very friendly and helpful.The food:We started with a "salad roll" (all veggie) that was served with a peanut dipping sauce.  I like it a bit spicy so I mixed in a bit of the chili sauce ... good eats.  I wasn't sure what kind of pho I wanted, so I went with the "special beef bowl" ... minus the tendon (cant' get past the texture of that stuff.  I found the broth tasty and the beef, noodles, and veggies all very good.  I mixed in a bit of the chili again just to give it some kick.  My wife tried the chicken pho, pretty good ... looked like mostly white meat if not all.  She enjoyed it.The bottom line:Good food, reasonable prices.  We'll try it again when we're in the mood for pho.  Bummer that some other people haven't had good experiences.
2	I wanted to try another Vietnamese place other than Cyclo and friends suggested we try Pho. Well lesson learned. This place is no Cyclo period. The food was just OK and while the service was friendly enough I couldn't help but think it was all a pale imitation of the best Vietnamese joint in Chandler ... so if you are craving this type of food stick with Cyclo.
1	I hate to do this.  A Pho joint so close to home and yet so disappointing.  We've tried to give this place many chances and every time it's worse.  The Pho is just OK.  Anything else on the menu, especially if Thai-esque are abominations to Asian food lovers everywhere. The owners and their kids are sweet and I love Mom and Pop places but I just can't recommend this place.
4	Pho Chandler is a mom and pop place and good.  Nothing fancy.  Service is always good.  I have been to Vietnamese restaurants all over the country and Pho Chandler is good.
4	We really like this place and come frequently for lunch.  The "bun" (salad with noodles, letttuce and grilled items) is great.  Service is also good and friendly.  The main waitress always knows us and remembers what we order.
4	Been there several times now.  So much that the waitress gives me a hard time (in jest).  She knows that I want a Diet Coke and Spicy Garlic Green Beans appetizer.   My wife and I have had a large selection of their menu and have yet to find anything not good.  They now have a BYOB (Bring Your Own Bottle) policy.
4	I was on yelp today checking out some of the local restaurants near me and I noticed Chandler Pho only had 2.5 stars. This is crazy I thought. I have been there many times and I love this place. The low rating is unjustified and made me decide to sign up for yelp and write my first review.What this place is... A good place to get cheap Pho or Vietnamese food. The Pho portions are generous. If you order an extra large Pho bowl and have them split it there is plenty of food for 2 people and it's even cheaper.You can even bring your own alcohol (beer, wine whatever) and they will give you glasses. I think this is great because everyone knows alcoholic drinks are one of the biggest profit margins for restaurant and one of the easiest ways to run up the bill. The decor is decent and the place seemed pretty clean. The food is at least as good as any other Vietnamese restaurant I have been to. The ingredients like basil, bean sprouts lime, etc. seem fresh.This is a mom and pop place and I think the service is very good. They seem to remember my GF and me every time we go in. Be prepared... The waitresses (Tao) is very sarcastic but she is super nice and gives great service.I saw some other reviewers comparing this restaurant to Cyclo. I don't think this is a valid comparison. Cyclo is decent but you are paying for the trendy atmosphere. Chandler Pho is simple but good food and much cheaper. I liken this place to Little Saigon but newer.Bottom line... Good food and cheap. That's 5 stars in my book.
3	The pho is amazing taste just like it should I would give a five but the music playing is always foreign they do have a nice big screen but are never playing anything good put on sports or at least fox or cnn and it would be five stars also the waitress is very personal and friendly
4	First time here, very busy for lunch. Hope the food is good! Okay got my take-out order for me and a person at work. We ordered the Pad Thai, Papaya Salad, and Lat Na...all Thai dishes. I have to say that the food was very good with good sized portions. But the Thai food is a vietnamese version. I look forward to trying the Pho next time, I'm sure it will be great!!!
3	I am not an expert on Vietnamese food but we did enjoy our food and the price was right.  However the service was a different story on the night we went.  The waiters were completely overwhelmed by all the traffic.  We put our order in before two other groups of people and they immediately got their spring rolls while we had to wait a good 15 minutes for our spring roll to come out.  There was a group of around 10 people and none of their orders came out at the same time.  One or two people would get their order and then 15 minutes later, two more people would get their order.  The people behind us, who had been there before we sat down, waited forever to get their food.I am willing to go back however because the food was good-I just hope their service gets better.
5	We eat here regularly, we bring friends that are new to Vietnamese food and those who eat it regularly too.  We all agree - excellent, freshly prepared food for a great price.The waitress Naux makes you feel at home and this place has THE best Pho, Bun, spring rolls etc.. You absolutely have to try the green beans and the Chandler rice dish -- SO good!  I highly recommend this place as it is the best Vietnamese place we've found in Arizona to date.
5	I try different Pho locations around the Valley whenever I hear good reviews...Pho Chandler still 'takes the cake' after about 5 different locations. Service, ingredients, taste, texture and price have not been beat!Best Chicken Pho in the Valley...not to mention that it is BYOB which I dig.
5	Love the food and awesome service.  I am here on a weekly basis with family and friends.  Love the PHO and Spring rolls!  Don't forget to try the Vietnamese ice coffee. And of course -Thao make's sure everything is GREAT!  This place is a hidden GEM in CHANDLER.
4	This time of year, when it's a little chilly out, or you're thinking you might be coming down with a cold, I got the cure...Get a giant bowl of Pho! If you're not sure what it is, or you're a little freaked out by new foods, don't be. To over simplify it, basically it's some of the best beef noodle soup you will ever have! The shrimp and pork spring rolls are really good as well. This place is also quick for lunch and the service is always good.
5	Best Viestnamese restaurant this part of town~! We try to go here every Sunday and the place is always clean and food is always fresh. Service is awesome too.
5	Great food and friendly staff. They have very good Vietnamese coffee. I'll be going back soon.
5	My husband and I eat here at least once a week. Not only is it healthy (for the most part), but it tastes amazing. Being Vietnamese fans, I'd say it's a huge step ahead of other local places. Another perk is the no cork fee for bringing your own wine and you can bring beer in if you want too. My favorite items include the Pho-nomenal, lemongrass chicken, and the pork chop dinner with egg and crispy rice with shrimp. Don't miss out on this one!
5	Great service and pho. I can't believe this has been here and we are just now finding it. Very clean establishment, family friendly. Prices and portions are awesome too!
5	This is the best Pho restaurant ever!  I've became a regular for months! And never gone to another Pho restaurant except this location. The first thing that came to my mind about this place was how clean it was unlike most pho restaurants...and it's even in a nice location & it's affordable...not expensive at all.  I have tried almost everything on their menu except for the chinese food that they serve which is on the back of their menu. And everything is SOOOOOOO delicious! Most importantly their veggies are all fresh!!! YAY! I hate it when i go to some pho restaurants and they give me veggies that looks like its weeks old... do they really expect me to put that in my bowl of pho? NO THANKS! Their service is fast & great! Staff is real nice and friendly. Since we became regulars they even know exactly what we want in our pho and how we like it. Everyone should definitely go check this place out! if you like veggies like me try their chicken veggie pho with tofu! or #S2 if you like seafood.
5	Wow is all I can say.  The food is awesome(must try the wings).   I love the serving staff.  They are witty and fun.  Also they make great recommendation when you are stumped.
5	Before coming here, I had never had Pho before, but I definitely loved everything I consumed there. To be honest, I don't really know what I ate there because my friends always take the initiative to order for me. However, I've eaten something different every time, which leads me to believe that it'd be hard to find anything bad on the menu.Also, the girl that works there most often, or at least the times I've been there, is super sweet and very helpful.  She answered all questions about the menu honestly, and was a little spunky.  The good service only added to the positive experience. I dig this place.
2	Based on the reviews, I figured I would like this place.  Maybe it would be a cross between Saigon Pho and Anise, wouldn't that be nice.  My fave is Anise for the quality, but its on the pricy side.  Saigon Pho is okay, always busy, but the quality can be hit or miss and they tend to use dark meat chicken instead of white, which I prefer.Anyway, this is about Pho Chandler.  I won't return since it's out of our way (we were going to a play at Hamilton High).  Hubbie got a beef soup that had the gelatinous beef in it (w/ brisket too) that you either tolerate or will make someone like me gag.  He much prefered the beef soup he can get at Saigon Pho.  Daughter got the Pho Ga and she liked it and thought it was comparable to Anise but I was thinking no way just looking at the dish.  I got the lemongrass chicken and it was waaaaaayyy too sweet...and I have a tremendous sweeth tooth.  I much prefer the lemongrass at Saigon Pho.The place is clean, service excellent.Anise still remains my gold standard and Saigon Pho my fallback for when I want to go cheap.
5	I love this place. The dishes that I usually get are the Beef Pho and Pork Vermicelli Bun. They are fantastic! I have taken numerous coworkers, family and friends there and everyone loves it and returns. The place is very clean and the service is friendly and fast. They have great coffee and Thai ice tea.
4	Still coming here frequently for lunch 2 years after my first review.  I love the "bun" and the crispy noodle stirfy as well as Pho.
4	It's good.  I like PHO. The prices are not that bad. Good portion size, but no huge.
4	This is our favorite Pho place in the area. It's never too busy, but never too empty where you feel awkward eating "alone". There is this one lovely hostess who always takes orders and seats customers who we simply adore. She remembers us and our typical orders even though we've only been there maybe 4 or 5 times. She even served my mom a free appetizer and iced tea for her birthday today! I would have to say she is one of the reasons we keep coming back.The other reason would be the "un-pho-gettable" pho! The bowls are huge! (Even the normal size.) We always leave with leftovers without having to empty our wallets. The prices are very affordable and we love the flavor of their pho. And if you're looking for a great appetizer, try their fried calamari! Simply delish!The only reason this place misses the 5-star mark is because I don't think some of the waiters/waitresses that bring out the food speak English very well, or aren't very sociable, at least. We had some difficulty communicating that we wanted an extra plate and bowl. Also, their "specials" aren't anything special in particular. At least the ones I've had (beef low mein & sweet and sour chicken). They taste pretty much like any typical Chinese restaurant.So if you're in Chandler, give them a try, but have the Pho. That will make your trip definitely worth it.
5	First time Pho eater so I have no frame of reference but I definitely know what all the rave is about after eating at Pho Chandler, I loved this soup! I also tried their fried rice since it's an Asian dish I'm familiar with and love so much and it was really good, lots of veggies.The servers were super sweet.Didn't know this before hand but we saw most people bringing their own wine to drink, awesome, we will definitely be back!
3	Pho is definitely not one of arizona's specialties. Ive tried a few places here and there and have to say there is none like this place (and yes, they still receive 3 stars)the workers are friendly but very...expressionless haha they are always responsive to annoying customer orders and/or complaints. Definitely work for the moneyOnly tried the pho noodle bowls. Whether you order the small or large, i feel they give you the same amount of noodles. You can even order a small and ask for it in a bigger bowl and they do it. The restaurant is small but clean. definitely gets busy at times. Overall satisfies pho cravings whenever I have them.
5	Pho Chandler.   Love this place!! I've always been a fan of vietnamese food.  This place not only has good food but is also clean and convenient for me.  It's close to my work so my coworkers and I will eat here often when craving Vietnamese food.  :)
5	Never had a bad experience here. EVER. Its all good.
1	Drove by this place several times and decided to finally stop by to check it out one afternoon.   It was by far the worst pho I've EVER had!  We couldn't even finish our lunch and went next door and grabbed some burritos.  The soup had no flavor and had about 2 pieces meat in my bowl.  So, most likely will not go back unless the owner is changed.
5	Okay, I have going here once a week now for months and I just have to say how great this place is once again. for the first 10 times or so I always got the Pork Bun or the Sirloin Pho but I am finally starting to break out and try different items on the menu. Everything here is awesome! The staff is always the same people and extremely nice and attentive. The place is always very clean. We have to get there when they open because they are starting to get quite popular and people start packing in there for lunch. This place has my repeat business for a long time to come.
5	Food was really good. My first time there and the waitress was very helpful. Loved the pot stickers!
5	Pho Chandler is wonderful!  The food is fresh and fast, and the prices are great.  Eight dollars for about every entree on the menu including a full menu of popular Chinese dishes.  I eat here at least once a week, sometimes more. Love it!
5	Best and freshest Vietnamese restaurant in Chandler, every food item tastes fresh and the service is impeccable.
2	Okay so I see tons of positive review....time to bring into reality...I am from oregon where there is a lot of good authentic asian food...including pho. We got the pho-nomenal soup bowl...dissappointing...asked for chilli oil..and they didn't have it and said sirachi sauce is all you need. Really? Even the shrimp rolls weren't tasty. Think quality though the price matches other pho places I being too. Please re-think and makes some changes. I will be 3 months to see if anything has changed. I hope you are reading this. The two stars are for great customer service...that is the only thing going good for you.
5	Awesome place,fast,cheap,clean, and delicious.
5	Went there on a Friday night around 8pm. There was one booth available so we snagged it. Service - Service was quick. They had our water to the table before we were able to unroll our napkins and was ready for our order before we opened the menu.Food - Potstickers were potstickers. I'll give them a few extra points however as they had just the right crisp. The accompanying sauce was the real winner. Spring roll was much like any spring roll you'd get at any other Pho joint. For the main course, we went for a spicy egg noodle with pork and beef. It was deeeeelish. We requested medium heat, and I would say it was more mild-medium, so definitely plan on talking your heat request up a notch. Overall, food was well prepared, clean and seasoned well.Price - My wife and I had all that was reviewed above for less than 20 bucks. Can't beat that!!!I'm giving this place 5 stars based on the service, price and my main dish.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in chandler. We come about once a week, and the staff knows what I order as soon as I walk in--mint chicken and garlic green beans. Yum! I've never had either dish any place else, and I find myself craving them throughout the week. My mom likes to mix it up, so I know the lemongrass chicken, lemongrass beef, and various phos and curries are awesome, but I have a hard time ordering anything but mint chicken. Seriously, it's so so good. Friendly staff, clean dining room, and great food... who could ask for anything more?!
4	Pho Chandler is a great lunch spot.  The nice thing about this joint is that it is purely run by Vietnamese and that most of the clientele here is also Vietnamese.. that speaks to me sometimes more than any reviews!I have tried almost all the Phos here but the one Pho I prefer is their spicy seafood (though not too spicy)... I've even ordered it to go and the portions are still huge!  I love the basil and the other veggies they pack your to-go bag with (and give you as a side with your meal).  I always use every single bit of them in my Pho.The staff is great here - the little tiny gal is super friendly and always makes a point to ask how I'm doing and how is work and how is my husband, etc.. I don't think she honestly remembers all the details of her customers but I like that she's kind enough to ask and look like she cares about you... i'm a sucker, I know.  But her customer service skills are great.Oh yeah, the vietnamese coffee is super sweet and addicting.. I've had it a few times and I have to say that I prefer to share it with someone out of guilt of the caloric density of all that condensed milk.. but anyway, it's yum!!
4	We found a crowd for lunch on a Wednesday.  Surprise.  But the wait was not long - about 15 min.  My wife & I shared a banh xeo (pork shrimp crepe) for appetizer.  It was a bit oily for me, but without the oil, the crepe would not be crispy.  My wife had the cold noodle with grilled beef and chicken eggroll (item B4): the grilled beef and the chicken eggroll tasted good but the nouc mam sauce was a bit on the watery side.  I had the bun rieu (shrimp crab noodle soup).  It deserves a solid B grade (I had better & I had worst).  The service overall was prompt and courteous in spite of the crowd. We'll be back to try other dishes and bowls.
5	Probably best  Pho in Phoenix. It beats Davang. Nam Sao, Avira, etc. Very close to Pho 43th at its best.Unlike typical Vietnamese in PHoenix, which run down decoration. This place is new and clean. Staffs are young and work hard. They are very busy too. Wish it closer to my home.
4	We found this through the reviews on yelp and I must say I'm very glad we did! Pho chandler very clean and the decor is modern. The staff was very attentive and kept our beverages filled. The food was ahhhhmazing! We of course ordered the PHO. The broth was soooooo savory and the meat and noodles were cooked to perfection. I also recommend the pot stickers they are nice and crispy with the perfect amount spice. This is one happy customer and we will defenetley be back!
5	I love this tucked away little eatery in Chandler.  It is the first place that comes to mind when I am not in the mood to cook.  The kids are more then thrilled when I recommend it for dinner.We enjoy the lemon grass chicken, pot stickers, seafood Pho and chicken Pho.The staff is always so nice no matter how busy they get.
5	I am new to Pho, but this place rocks.  Great Pho at a great price.  If you want to go for lunch, get there before 1130am or after 1230pm.
5	Loved the Papaya Salad, it was so fresh and amazing. The food was good and the service was AWESOME!  They are willing to give recommendations and suggestions for those that are not familiar with the food. I went with some family and friends (I am from Denver) and it was fun.
5	Very nice place, good food, great prices, and friendly staff. service was fast  and waitresses had a great sense of humor.  ASK for the soup spoons!
4	This place is a hidden gem! The staff is so incredibly friendly and the restaurant is very clean. Now, for the Pho, this is the first place that I have ever had it, and I am absolutely a fan. I love the spicy pho with extra veggies, it is so yummy. I would recommend this place to anyone who loves Pho, because you will love this place.They are closed Tuesdays, just a heads up.
4	This is a hidden gem in the south part of Chandler. It's nicely designed and very clean. The very first time I tried to eat there the wait was 45 minutes. Too long when you have to smell the wonderful food. It's a small restaurant and always packed, which says a lot about the food. When I finally did get the chance to eat there (several times now), the soups were great! The Pho broth is perfectly seasoned and not greasy. They have a medium sized bowl and large bowl. The medium is pretty filling if you plan on get one of their great appetizers. I enjoyed their spring rolls, beef ribs, and lettuce wrapped spring rolls. Their non-soup noodle bowls are also great. I like the grill pork with spring rolls. The service was great and the food came out quickly. I suppose it has to when there's so many people waiting. The price was very reasonable. It's not close to my house, but worth the drive.
3	Maybe a 3.5, but I'm pretty sure it's not a 4.Ordered spring rolls, pot stickers and pork fried rice (yes I know it's a Pho shop, just wasn't up to that today).Spring rolls.  Not bad but kind of rubbery tasting.  The pork inside was good.  The shrimp kind of flavorless.  The peanut sauce it came with was so so.Pot stickers were good.  The dipping sauce was very good.  Would have rather had that with spring rolls.Pork fried rice was good but not remarkable.  On the other hand is fried rice ever remarkable?
4	Great food and quick friendly service. Went for lunch - the portions were large enough to ensure Pho for dinner too!
5	This is the best Pho in town. We've been coming here for years and have not been disappointed even one time. Tao and the other servers are always nice and timely. Excellent Pho Tai... Spring rolls are amazing!
4	My family has been going to Pho Chandler since they opened and love their food. We always get the Pho, and usually order the Bun Thit Nuong and crispy eggrolls as well. Not only do they do Vietnamese cuisine great, they also have a number of Chinese dishes that are delicious as well. My son loves their Mongolian Beef.Their staff is so gracious and nice, they know us immediately when we walk in and most times don't even need to ask for our order as they already know what we like. Great service! We go back often.
4	Excellent food, not greasy, very fresh! I'm a very picky eater and the staff was very helpful in explaining the different dishes and making sure I got something I was happy with. The staff seems so happy to help you and the place was very busy for lunch on a Monday.
4	The pho broth by itself deserves 4 stars.  It's that good.  When the broth is that good, everything shines a little brighter.  A couple of issues:- The price is a little high for what is really a small bowl of pho- The tendon is good, but it's hard to find and they don't give you muchThat being said, the broth is excellent.
2	Before I share my experience, I'll just say that if I was asked to go to this place again, I would say no and to suggest going somewhere else. I hate dry meat, especially in pho. That's a sign of it not being fresh. I don't know how people are in love with this place. They either have really bad taste or they have never tried quality pho before. My cousin took me here for the first time. I arrived and there were so many people. The entrance was crowded and every table was taken. Since the place was so busy, I assumed it would be really good. Yeah, no.I was seated about 20 minutes after I got there. As I was waiting, I noticed the place was always picked up by a young girl to keep the place neat. My cousin and I got a table and we looked through the menu. I noticed that there's no option for a small or big bowl for pho. Just one size. I was confused because what if I want a small bowl. My cousin and I ordered pho dac biet (special) because it's our favorite, with all the meats. The plate with the veggies only had one lime. I'm pretty sure that by ordering two bowls, there would be at least 2 limes for each bowl. The meat was dry. I've been to other places before and it's never been that dry before. There was no juice in it. Definitely not fresh. There was barely any noodles. The flavor was ok. When I ordered a pho dac biet, I expect it to be dac biet. It wasn't. Besides from the pho, I ordered a Vietnamese iced coffee. I liked it way better than the pho. How sad because I should like the main meal more.
5	This is an amazingly good Vietnamese restaurant! I've been to four or five different ones around the valley and I can say that Pho Chandler is by far the best. I particularly recommend the Tomato/Crab Soup (P9 on the menu). It's unreal! Also, any of the fried rice dishes are awesome. My wife always has the Seafood Pho and loves the real crab meat.The staff is very friendly and prices are excellent. Can't go wrong here.
4	I'm a fan.  Friendly, family restaurant. Clean. Monster bowls of Pho and super fresh ingredients.  Check it out!
3	Good service, food came out quickly.
5	We love the friendly family atmosphere.  Food is excellent, great service, & clean.  Thao is great!
4	Spring roll wrapper is very soft and moist, the texture is perfect. The appetizer pork spare ribs is so delicious, highly recommended. The Chandler rice plate is tasty and  portion is generous. The price is unbelievably cheap. Too bad I don't live Chandler. I'd come here for 3 meals a day.
4	Pho is great every time, service is fast and friendly, potstickers are the best I have ever had and they are only $3.50.  Plus %10 discount for Intel employees.
4	Read about this place on a Yelp so I thought I'd give it a try. I'm somewhat picky about Vietnamese restaurants as I travel to Bay Area a lot. But this place is exceptionally good. The service was solid and very friendly. Place is very clean and well maintained. You can tell they take pride in making their restaurant welcoming. But most importantly the food is fresh, well prepared and very tasty. I have the seafood phu and it was fantastic. The vegetables were crisp and fresh. Pho Chandler had good traffic so you know they are pleasing their clients. I look forward to my next visit.  Well Done Pho Chandler!!!
4	Awesome pho and great staff. Great lunch prices. One of the best things in town. Favorite dish. P2, with a side order of spring rolls.
4	Found another great spot for pho in Chandler. Their chicken and vegetable pho is my ultimate favorite. They are pretty busy on the weekends so I would recommend making a reservation so you don't have to wait for a table. They have a good mix of music playing. They have a full menu which offers a good variety for everyone.
5	Ive eaten here many times and never had a bad experience or for that matter, a bad dish! My whole family goes and we all switch and share, so Ive tried basically everything on the menu and its wonderful. One of my favorites.
5	YUM! I haven't had Pho since I moved to Gilbert from Southern California last August. This is on par with my favorite little Pho place I used to go to weekly, with similar, if not better prices! :DI'll definitely be back.
5	Great food and great service. It's always packed at lunchtime which you know is a good sign. A big favorite of businesses in the area. Go and you will not be disappointed.
4	Excellent food, service and price.  Always busy for a reason.  Yummy Pho!!!
5	Awesome! If you are going for lunch, get there before noon or you'll have to wait in line.. Get the P10 and hot if you want to clear your sinus's. It's delicious..
4	This place is tucked in a corner next to Home Depot where you might never see it. It has a nice clean casual atmosphere. The service was friendly and very attentive. We went at around 1:30 on a Friday afternoon and the place was busy but not full.There were no lunch special combos but the prices were not what you would consider dinner prices either. We started with the Chicken Potstickers. 6 good sized pieces to an order for $3.95. I'm not usually a fan of chicken in a potsticker but these were very good.Then my son ordered the Mongolian Beef and I ordered the Pad Thai. Yeah, I know that the Pho is the way to go. They even have Pho in the name right. But I did not feel like a really big bowl of soup although it did look very good at the tables around us. The Beef was to sweet and a bit tough. It was OK but I would not order it again. Neither would my son. He didn't like it at all. He did eat all the rice and had three of the potstickers so he had enough.The Pad Thai. Actually quite good although it could have had more shrimp and less tofu.  It only had 4 medium shrimp that were a little chewy. Now while the shrimp were tough and slim Pickens the noodles, sauce and other ingredients were very good and very fresh.Better than Pei Wei for sure as the noodles were not under cooked and over seasoned.I will definitely will be back as its very close to home and its also pretty good. I got some Spring Rolls to go and will have them tomorrow with my leftovers. As for a good lunch combo I recommend Thai Rama on Chandler Blvd by Dobson. They have a very good Pad Thai  Combo that includes Soup, and a so so fried spring roll for about the same price.I'm giving them 4 stars for overall experience and since they are Vietnamese they do a pretty good Thai and Chinese Potsticker. The spring rolls look really good as well.
5	This place is pho nominal!  Been back to this place over and over, and never disappointed.  My favorites are the spring rolls, green beans, and house pho.  All three are a must try!
4	Very good pho!  The pork and shrimp spring rolls are excellent!  It's usually pretty busy, but service is good.
4	Delicious and consistent, great service too.  The only catch....this place is busy! So be a little patient, as they turn the tables quickly. I see lots of to go food heading out the door too, a great sign.  The kids loved the fried rice and spring rolls. So yummy, and so glad they are in this part of Chandler!
5	Great place to eat.  Family owned business.  We have yet to be disappointed.  The prices are reasonable, and the portions just as reasonable.  We always enjoy ourselves and have gotten to know the staff -all of them are great.  Our usual hostess is single BTW.  Ask her out on a date.  Tell her the guy who drinks Vietnamese iced coffee late at night suggested it (and it is delicious BTW).
4	The won ton pho was great. Service was friendly and fast!
5	Found this place by accident and love there food. Spring rolls always start our meal then it's something different every time until I get through the entire menu. Lol. The restaurant is always clean and staff are courteous and always help. Go try it. You will love it. I promise.
5	We LOVE Pho Chandler! We go at least once a month, and the food never disappoints. Obviously the Pho is wonderful. We also always order the spring rolls and the green beans for an appetizer. I also love the thai beef salad. The owner and employees are also very pleasant. They are quick to recognize us, and it always makes us feel like we are 'locals.' Can't say enough great things about Chandler Pho!
5	After reading all the reviews, we were also very happy with the spring rolls and the pho. The veggie pho bowl was overflowing with snap peas,cabbage,carrots and sprouts. Nice flavor in the broth ,not too overpowering.
5	By far the best Pho within a 20 mile radius.
3	Food and Drinks are very good.  Ive tried everything so far on the menu.  The only thing that gets me is that they are always out of something.  When you own a resturant, you have to up keep the products.  We eat here almost 3 times a week.  and its the same thing.  Sorry, we are out of... other than that, everything is great.  enviroment is very nice, waitress are always helpful and make sure you get your food in a timely manner.
5	Easily my favorite restaurant in Chandler! The owners recognized me after my second or third visit and they knew my order after five or six. P9 is the best (seafood pho) and you can never go wrong with an order of spicy beans. I have yet to bring anyone here for dinner who had any complaints afterwards.
4	Went to Pho with my kids.  HUGE bowl!!!  It was really good.  Also tried the fried calamari and Pad Thai.  Both were really good.  I love their Pad Thai!  Definitely a do again!
4	First time we came here they were closed - on a Tuesday.  So FYI, don't go on a Tuesday.  But go any other day, because it's great pho!Have been here twice now (3 if you count the first disaster on a Tuesday), and have been very happy with the pho.  Had chicken pho the first time (my go-to) and it was good, but there's never really anything special about chicken pho.  2nd time I got the seafood pho.  Talk about special!  Full of delicious seafood goodness including crab legs, shrimp and scallops.  YUM!  Will definitely be back and will probably try their veggie pho next time, but the seafood pho will likely end up being my mainstay here.
5	Delicious! I always order the spring rolls-never a disappointment. When I was living in Chandler my mom and I would come here all the time. Now that I moved to Mesa-I would still drive here. I always get the S2 I love the crispiness of the noodles and how it soaks up all the yummy sauce that it comes with. My mom has gotten almost everything on the menu and NOTHING has disappointed. The price is also a win! Today I went in on my lunch break-as always super busy even at 1:00. I would recommend if you are coming in during a time crunch to order ahead of time. The employees are pleasant-sometimes they seem to forget about you, but hey that's what happens when your food is fabulous and you're busy all the time. I would recommend this OVER and OVER to anyone around the area!
4	I went here 3 times now for Friday group lunch and everyone came away happy each time.  The price was reasonable and the food did not disappoint.  The yard stick of any Vietnamese restaurant for me is Pho and IMHO it is fairly good with fresh green, very hot broth, reasonably flavorful but not too much sweetness.  The only down side to this place it it's a little far away from Chandler's town center.
5	Great for the Valley - clean restaurant, food is tasty, relatively well priced.  For south Chandler, it is the pho place around, and so for the convenience to my house, family friendly, large portions, friendly service and staff, I give it a 5.
1	I had to call twice to place a to go order because they weren't answering the phone. When I got there I could see my order behind the bar but wasn't addressed for 15 minutes and the place wasn't even busy. The food was just alright. I'd much rather eat at Saigon or #1 pho.
5	Superb Pho here. Consistently good broths brimming with flavor and generous amounts of cilantro and scallions to delight the taste buds. I like that the basil and bean sprouts are served crispy and fresh. Really nice, friendly staff that is attentive and helpful. Really enjoy coming here. The icing on the cake would be if they did bubble teas too! Haven't found any place in the valley that does them well...
5	Great place, food is always fresh and tasty. We usually get the Spring rolls with peanut sauce, papaya salad, which is amazing, some Pho and lemon grass beef. Those are our go-to dishes but everything we have tried has been delicious. Although the atmosphere is nothing special, the employees are attentive and have great personalities. They joke with you and will remember your name. You are never without water or your drink of choice. Great when you want something different to eat at very reasonable prices
5	Been going regularly for months. Always had great food and service. Highly recommend it
5	So good!!  I have been there 4 times and the waitress (owner's daughter?) seems to recognize me, which is nice. I hate it that they are closed on a random day of the week because it is always the day I want to go and I have been disappointed to show up and see the 'closed' sign. Excellent food, great service and relaxing. Delicious, healthy food close to my house. Makes me happy!!
5	Love love love Pho Chandler. We used to eat at Cyclo frequently but after finding Pho Chandler we haven't looked back. We can be found here at least once a week and sometimes even more. The best pho you'll find in the east valley and all other dishes we have tried have been super tasty as well. The Papaya salad is another favorite that we can't go without. Another bonus about this place is the service. Staff is always very friendly and they remember you and what you like and have never disappointed.
4	Very good pho food! Prices were good and portions were large. I will go back for more . The service is excellent !
4	Delicious! Love the chicken pho so much went back two days later to get it again! Large portions and reasonable prices. My husband thought his pad Thai was great too!
3	Ordered the bun rieu and chicken pad Thai both were delicious!
4	Very good pho!  I will come again and again.  Really liked this place.  We were sat right away, and ordered some Gi Cun Chay orrrrr Veggie Spring Rolls.They gave us extra Peanut sauceeeee cause I would bathe in that stuff if I could.We picked three different soups steak, chicken and the beef meatball.  Fresh veggies and we couldn't get enough.  Enjoyed this place very much!
2	Staff was very nice and prompt. Food was mediocre. Pad Thai, spicy level 3 was fairly good but the veggie pho was kind of bland.Wouldn't really recommend it to anyone but it gets the job done. Nothing compared to the San Diego pho.
3	Went for lunch....I moved here about 6 months ago and this was my first attempt to find a Pho joint. I had my favorite back east ( Pho So 1 Richmond, VA). Very friendly greeting and a corner booth was mine. Its a small place with about 7 booths and 5 or so tables.It was clean and inviting with large flat screen TVs.I ordered the veggie spring rolls because im trying to eat better...they were good, probably because of the peanut sauce & sriracha. My meal was of course Pho....I couldn't decide between the chicken or veggie so they combo'd for me. The bowl was packed with noodles and veggies almost to a fault. I could even add the side toppers. The broth was hot and tasty but I like to sweat so I dosed it with sriracha and chili sauce like im used to doing. After one spring roll I could only eat half of my soup. They cheerfully provided to go containers. Making the soup a combo added $3 to what would have been a reasonable $6.95. You upsize to large for $1 or XL for $2. Not sure that would necessary as my regular was enough for two. All in all I'd go back if in the area but will also keep trying other places.
5	This is a gem of a restaurant! Exceptional marks in cleanliness, speed of service, staff friendliness, value, and food quality.   Every time we eat here I remark on how perfect the food is.  My favorites are the green beans and of course the pho thai.  You must try the pad thai and the S2.  I don't remember what it is called but it is a crispy fried noodle cake served under perfectly cooked shrimp, beef, scallops on fresh veggies in a delicious sauce.
4	I have nothing but good things to say! Took my kids for Pho for the first time and they loved it! I had the vegetable pho, my daughter, the traditional beef pho, and my son, the absolutely dynamite seafood pho. All of the side veggies were fresh and added a whole other dimension to our meal. The service was excellent and the prices are so inexpensive it's a real value! We will be back, for sure!
5	I was scheduling a pho-date with my girlfriend, and she suggested that we needed to go to Pho Chandler.  I live all the way up in Central Phoenix and a 38-minute-drive to Chandler did not sound appealing at all, but she swore that it was the best pho place in the valley.  My friend, boyfriend, and I sat down and the waitress remembered my friend well, and I thought that was cool.  It is always a nice touch when the people working in an establishment try to remember you. I ordered a Vietnamese coffee and the others ordered glasses of orange juice.  My coffee came out quickly, but the juice took awhile.  I felt bad drinking my coffee and joked that they must be picking out oranges from a grove and freshly squeezing them.  And guess what?  They really came out FRESHLY SQUEEZED.  The sweetness from fresh oranges was worth the wait.  My friend and boyfriend were quite impressed and happy.  As for the food, we ordered a plate of pan-fried potstickers (tasted very fresh as well), and all of us ordered their seafood pho which is their specialty.  The broth is made from snow crabs, and you do get pieces of the crab in your soup.  The crab is actually REAL in an ACTUAL SHELL and not the imitation kind.  The crab not only makes the soup more flavorful, but it adds a sweetness to the dish.  My boyfriend wanted to add an assortment of veggies to his pho, and the waitress made it happen with a giant heap of green vegetables.  I would seriously recommend this place to everyone.  I have been dreaming about their seafood pho for the last three days and can't wait to go back.
5	Amazing spot for Vietnamese food. Pho is out of this world and other dishes I have tried, such as the vermicelli and spring rolls, are fantastic. Iced coffee is dynamite. Above all else, the service shines through. Food is served quickly and always with a smile and great attitude. Restaurant is very clean. The place loads up during lunchtime so plan accordingly.
4	This is a small place, simple, not fancy, but clean.  The service is fast and the portions are large.  For me it is close to home and very convenient because the service is fast and the meals can be healthy. Try the spring rolls!
5	Excellent get the house pho p1
5	Enjoyed my first ever bowl of Pho very much. The Spicy Beef Salad was also delicious.
5	This is by far the best Pho food in Chandler. The owner is always attentive and eager to help with what ever you may want. My wife and I have been going here they opened.
5	One of my favorite places! This place is always packed. The food and service is fantastic. I recommend the spring rolls and chicken pho.
5	Hubby indulged my tastebuds tonight and my tastebuds couldn't be happier. Ordered the spring rolls as recommended and the didn't disappoint. I got B2c pork and shrimp vermicelli with an extra side of fish sauce. Sooooo good. I couldn't help saying "mmmmmm" after every bite. Definitely going back!
5	First time for Pho..loved it!!!  Had veggie pho + chicken, spring rolls and pork short ribs and all were excellent.  Will definitely be back....frequently.
5	My family LOVES this place - very friendly staff and clean restaurant.  Great Pho in Chandler - highly recommended - the spring rolls, wings, and Pho are all great.  Also, if you want to bring in your own wine or beer they will accommodate you - no corking fee.
3	When I found out that my coworkers love Pho I started disliking them a little less. Just kidding! (in case they read my reviews, lets not make this awkward for everyone).They were raving about this Pho place really close to work, so we decided to make a lunch trip and reserve a table for 8. When we arrived at noon, we found a mob of pretty disgruntled people inside, waiting to be seated. I quietly asked if they had put their name down or anything and was cut off by a lady in full rage about being "in line" for a table because no one had taken her name down.To anger the lady even further, I grabbed a server and let her know we had a reservation for 8, in which we were immediately seated in the first 2 available 4-person booths. Unfortunately for me, I was facing the angry lady. Sorry yo- we made reservations. *awkwardly looks away*.Although this Pho place serves a pretty big Thai menu (WTF?) I figured going for traditional Vietnamese pho was the way to go. I got my usual round-eye steak and brisket pho while my coworkers went for the #1 "all the meat" Pho. Our food came soon enough and after drowning it in herbs, lime juice and chili sauce, we dug in.  I have to say I have no complaints about the taste of the Pho but I can't dare give it 5 stars. It was tasty (as Pho usually is), but the broth wasn't particularly aromatic or flavorful and the meat was not good quality.  Was it tasty? Yes. Would I eat it again? Sure. Would I take people here over other pho places in the area? No way. There are way tastier places with better components nearby. At $8 it was a decent lunch, but nothing to rave my fellow Yelpers about.
5	I haven't ever has something there I didn't like. Their pho is to die for. Love their wonton soup and spring rolls. They are always busy but worth the wait.
1	I have to admit, I did not try the food. We walked out. It was a horrible atmosphere and HORRIBLE service. The waiter could not speak English. I am not being rude....but how do I ask any questions? They served me soda that tasted like poison...now I am not some brat who just post negative dramatic reviews....except this one...but the soda was literally stomach wrenching...I do not know what it was. My wife ordered water....that must have been scooped from the toilet. If that is the quality of their beverages, then I do not even want to know the quality of their food.
5	I'm loving this place more and more.  Their pho is tasty, as is the Bun Rieu (?) (crab, shrimp, tofu, tomato noodle soup, YUM!).  The service is always fast and friendly.  Ice tea comes with a lime, I like that. 2 thumbs up all the way. Note, they're closed on Tuesdays!
2	Sigh. So sad to have to update my review here. Went for lunch with the hubs on a week day. Got in around 11:30am so we could beat the crazy lunch rush. Ordered the usual, egg rolls (delish by the way) and our pho bowls.  This is where things started to go downhill.  1) I ordered the large pho (I love me some extra broth) but I got the regular. 2) Hubs ordered a side of extra meat on the side. No extra meat on the side (they tried to tell us at the end that it was put into the soup. Nice try, but that's funny that every other time they've put it on the side.). 3) Asked for cilantro (I like a little pho with my cilantro, thank you very much), and they were OUT. Completely out of cilantro. How the hell does that happen?? At 11:30am? Are you kidding me.  3 strikes and you're out. Next time I will be going to Saigon Pho.
2	Not satisfied with this place at all. Ordered a large bowl and got the same amount of food as the normal bowl.  Taste like it was watered down. Had to add a lot of sauce to cover the taste. Service wasn't good either.
5	My experience at Pho Chandler has been great. I love the soups there and the service is good as well.
5	This place is great! The food is very good and have good portions. Very good service and they have good waitress.
4	I have been to Pho Chandler a few times now. It is the closest place I can get Pho/Vietnamese food coming from Gilbert. I usually come here when I am craving Pho but I'll have to admit, I have yet to try Pho here. I always end up getting enticed by something else on the menu. I have tried the Bun Rieu, Vermicelli bowls, and the broken rice plates. All have been good. Service is good. Price is very affordable. Parking is plenty. I will have to try the Pho one day. LOL.
4	We just bought a house in Chandler and were looking for a local vietnamese restaurant. What do my fellow Yelpers say? Try out Pho Chandler!I generally stick to the pho combinations with brisket, tendons and tripe. The service was super quick and within 5 minutes I had my steaming bowl of goodness which was a solid 4 stars (I have had better pho a couple of times). The beef brisket was tender and plentiful. The tripe was a little chewy but had plenty of flavor left in it. One of the pet peeves I have with some pho places is the quality of the bean sprouts. But at Pho Chandler, there was no problem. The sprouts were fresh and trimmed. My husband had the veggie pho which I didn't even know existed.We are pleased we can get our pho fix so close to our new home. It is a clean restaurant and the service is good. The prices are on par with other pho restaurants.
5	Spicy beef salad and pot stickers for appetizer
5	I know it's a Pho place but I come here for the pad tai- it is excellent! They spice it enough- some places make it too bland. Also being a vegetarian the tofu quality is important to me & this place does a great job not making the tofu rubbery & gross. It's just right! This is my go to place for pad Thai! My friend comes here exclusively for the Pho & she can't get enough of the Bun Rieu. They are closed Tuesdays which is a bummer since I keep forgetting & trying to get lunch then! Also get there early for lunch- it gets crowded before noon. I have read some of the other reviews about poor customer service but I have never experienced that. The staff has always been super friendly & gave me the impression this is a family business.
4	Pho is delicious Vietnamese fare- it's always hopping so be prepared for a wait of 5-10 min or morgen weekends.  The veggie spring rolls with peanut sauce is fresh and delicious.   My friends lives the own ton soup, and my husband loves the vermicelli bowels.  Prices are reasonable and you get big servings.  And the staff is quick and attentive!!!
4	So I ate here for the first time after reading all the rave reviews.  First thing I gotta get off my chest is that the ice water needs to be improved!  Tasted like crappy tap water with a slice of lime.  Come on spend a ill and get a filtered water system Pho Chandler!  I had the pho dac biet. Or the P1 I think it was.  Come on people learn to say it the way it's meant! Anyway I'm a broth guy and on a scale of 1-10 the soup was a 7. I like mine more beefy and it was rather mild. The noodles were good and I rate them a 9. Lil chewy and sticky the way rice noodles should be. I had lots of meat even after all the noodles were down in my tummy, which can be a rare thing nowadays.  Anyway I'll be back to try more stuff on the menu. Hope you fix the water by then!
4	I had the green curry chicken with rice.  Very yummy.  Portions were large enough to take some home.  We went late for lunch but early for dinner so it wasn't busy.  The veggies were  very fresh and you can order things as spicy as you like.  I like it pretty hot but not ridiculous so I ordered a 4 out of 5 and it got my attention but didn't burn my buds.  It was perfect for me, but if you think Taco Bell has spicy food you better order a 1.I will go back again, they have many more dishes I would like to try.
5	Service was quick and great. Food was delicious! I had vermicelli B3, hubby had soup P9 with crab and tofu. Both very impressed with taste, quickness and price. Definitely will return.
4	Clean restaurant with prompt service. The egg rolls were delicious, except they weren't rolled in rice paper.  The pho broth was tasty, bun rieu and bun bo hue both had great flavor and kick.  We ordered mi xi for the kids and it was a bit sweet for me but great for them.
4	The seafood pho with the chicken broth was really good.Quantity of sea food leaves more to be desired.Quick and polite service and great prices.
5	This place is great!!! I didn't expect to like this place but was pleasantly surprised when the food arrived. The pho is flavorful and not greasy at all (some can be). I had the veggie pho and it was so packed with fresh veggies - great value! The spring rolls are my favorite - they grill the pork which gives a bbq/smoky flavor to the roll - incredible. The egg rolls are great too - the serve them with lettuce and mint to wrap them in. Yummy place!!
3	The place was very busy on a Sunday afternoon and we ended up sitting at the awkward bar by the entrance.Started out with the Calamari which was pretty greasy and was feeling  I made the improper choice.   I got the P1 and I have to say the meats were delicious with a hearty helping which can be hard to find as I've found a lot of places like to skimp but not these guys so I was happy with that.On the down side the broth was on the weak side.  Not a lot of flavor or aromatics usually found in a good bowl of pho.  I couldn't sense any star anise or cinnamon.The Noodles were very undercooked and kind of goo'd together.Overall not a bad bowl of Pho but my search continues for the best bowl of pho in the Phoenix area.
5	Our favorite pho place in the valley.  Always fresh, and the service is fast and friendly.
2	This is average food, definitely average Pho.Not sure where all the great reviews come from. It must be for the nice people working there. Nice until you start mixing their foods together to get some flavors going. Very bland! The girl for upset with me for mixing the foods and verbalized her frustrations. Can't say I've ever experienced that before.The spicy wings were covered in like a sweet n sour sauce of some sort.I'd skip this place. Much better Asian food at Beijing in a Chandler and if you like Viet you would want to go to Cyclo.
5	just moved into the area and wasn't sure about the food but I was pleasantly surprised. the staff is friendly and polite, the food is excellent and comparable to Vietnamese restaurants in Southern California where I moved from. you could tell this place is great because it's always packed around dinner time. for just under $10 per person you get a decent sized meal and best of all, it doesn't smell like pho all over the place like some other Vietnamese places I've been to.
5	Pho Chandler is so very good! I have never had anything bad from there. Service is great and quick, and take out is also quick and easy. Everyone who works there is very friendly. The restaurant is clean and relaxing. I cannot say enough good things about this place. it has become one of my favorites! I have brought others here who now also love it!
4	I've been wishing there was a good pho place close to my house and BAM this baby opens up. The restraunt itself is small and pretty much avoid this place during lunch time or the weekends because it will be packed. I went here as soon as they opened on a Saturday and probably 20 minutes after sitting down it was steadily getting packed.We had the papaya salad and pork dumplings to water. They were perfect! I had a bowl of pho and good grief it was everything I imagined on a cool winters day. The broth was so flavorful, the steak was like happiness in my mouth and the noodles were the added bonus at the end.  This place is amazing! They also serve my guilty pleasure Vietnamese iced coffee. Yum. If you want good pho for a very decent price, come here! Come early and leave fat and happy. Woo!
5	Ordered chicken pho for takeout and it was soooo good!! Very impressed. Most pho doesn't tastes the same when it's takeout because you have to put it together yourself lol but this place makes it perfect! Very impressed. Good prices too. Ordered egg rolls and they were kinda good, not bad. Asked for siracha to go and they gave it to me no questioned asked. Will definitely be back soon!
5	We got there around 7pm on a Friday.  Our first Pho experience.   Saw the Google review, went with my gut, and didn't look at other sites (usually I do).  It was busy, and only 1 or 2 tables were vacant.  A rush came right after us.  All types of people were there, old and young, and different ethnic backgrounds.  That's how you know it's good.  Prices were reasonable.  Get a ton of food.  Great quality!  Service was very good, even when busy.  There were 3 of us.  We ordered Garlic Green Beans as an App, Pho dishes and a traditional Chinese dish.  Definitely, will eat here again!   I write reviews when the place is impressive.
5	This place is excellent. Fresh food and veggies, can't get any better than that. I love their #1 which is a combo of everything. It's delicious. Their egg rolls are also yummy too. It has a good crispness to it and also it's great flavor. Their servers are also extremely nice and welcoming as well every time my family and I went there. I love the fact that there is a pho house close to my very own house. It's even better when their food is delicious. It's a win win for my family and I. Great place!
5	Love this place... Highly recommend. Bummer that they are closed on Tuesdays as that's when I seem to crave it the most. Lol.  Always taste fresh. Staff is friendly.  Love the small local feel.  The Pho is delicious every time. I love the P3 which has brisket as steak while my girlfriend love the P8-seafood Pho.  They do get pretty busy during peak times, but trust me it is worth the wait.  I never knew soup could pack such a flavorful punch.
5	Great food, great staff, great location and great prices!! This family-owned business is well-run.  Everyone feels like home!!
1	Absolutely disgusted with this restaurant. I was looking up restaurants that had received good reviews in the area & found this one to try. I've never had Vietnamese food so I was really excited. We walked in and were promptly seated. It was really busy which we took as a really good sign. There were some big groups that had come in but the service was still on par - the waitress took our order & it wasn't very long before we got it.I had ordered the Lat Na & my lunch companion ordered the House Pho'nomenal. The Lat Na was just some chicken, shrimp, & noodles in a sweet sauce ... Nothing flavorful. And I had ordered it at a 2 on a 1-5 scale & it came out pretty spicy. The chicken had a weird taste / smell & the shrimp wasn't much better ... It had the texture of frozen shrimp that had been overcooked. I tried a bite of the Pho & couldn't have much more than that but my companion enjoyed it.The awful part was that the table was really sticky and there were soup spoons in a holder which I had to pick through 3 of them to find a clean one to use. Also, there were some patrons at a table just next to us who asked to move b/c there were ants all over their table. When we got to the front to pay our bill, we also saw some ants on the counter & there were 2 people who worked there standing right by them who made no effort to clean it up! Additionally, our to-go box was leaking ... Perhaps the ants had bitten through it.We are definitely not going back!!
3	The food is tasty... clean as far as I could tell. Ordered the House Pho'nomenal as well as spring rolls and didn't wait long for either. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for good pho or Viet food. I will say that the service is avergae, maybe even below average, and the atmosphere inside the restaurant is nothing special.
5	I've been to just about every Pho restaurant there is in Arizona and Pho Chandler hands down is the best yet. The quality of their food never ceases to amaze me, I won't be going anywhere else anymore.
2	The vermiccelli was very bad, shrimps no flavor and boil versus gril, egg roll they cut it in small pieces and put it inside the soup, gross, I kept adding salt, salsa and other spices to flavor it and despite of it all, still, no flavor.It is much beter the one in Mesa, Unphogettable, way better!!2 stars because the service was good, and they didn't have Vietnamese iced tea.
5	It's no revelation that Pho Chandler has fantastic tasty Pho, and that its always packed when you go pick up your dinner Pho to-go.What really bowled over my berries was their Pad Thai.  We've all had it somewhere.  I prefer Thai Dressing's version, or even Pei Wei's version to say Thai Rama's.  So I knows whats I likes...The first thing that stood out to me, was the vermicelli noodles.  Much thinner than any other Thai place I've ordered from... and yes, I know this is a Vietnamese restaurant.  Maybe that's the difference... Viet Pad Thai uses angel hair.  I don't know, but I'm going with it.While I momentarily considered it odd, I immediately found it an absolute delight.  And the prep work!  Yes, the prep work.  Everything was skillfully diced.  No chokey chicken pieces here, you know, the kind that are infamous for lodging in windpipes.The taste was there.  The constancy was there.  I was there.  And if I have my way, I'll be there again tomorrow, ordering you know what.  Hey, why don't you meet me at Pho Chandler, and we'll satisfy that Pad Thai lover in you.
4	Yeah!!!  Finally found a pho place I didn't get sick.  This place was clean and no weird smell except for yummy pho aroma.  I ordered their rice dish and my hubby ordered Pho.  We like to eat half way and then switch our dishes so we can have both.  Their Pho was yummy!  No skimping on meats, noodles and bean sprouts.  The soup had deep flavors and the staffs came around to refill our water without us asking for it.  My rice dish was yummy too.  I had korean short rib bbq.  Totally a winner.  Will totally come back.  I couldn't give them 5 stars due to tape on the booth.  They taped a hole with a duck tape and it was rubbing my skin to annoyance.
5	A family owned Vietnamese restaurant where everyone can find something they love. Their menu has a wide variety of delicious dishes. Most of these dishes cost a little less than $10 and with it you are given extremely efficient and friendly service. I suggest going with a few friends so you can a taste each others' unique and tasty meals.Needed appetizers to work up an appetite, and their fresh spring rolls did just that. The pork inside was grilled to perfection. Their beef pho was simple but delicious and served with a heaping plate of vegetables and herbs to add a little extra flavor. The menu item, S2 was a plate of crispy noodle cakes layered with flavorful vegetables and generous amounts of chicken, beef, and shrimp.On top of the already incredible meal, we had phenomenal service. Our waitress was friendly, outgoing, and entertaining while successfully serving us our meal in record timing. All together, the experience at Pho Chandler was "unphogettable" and will not be missed for too long before I am back again!
5	I almost don't want to write this review in case this place starts getting so full that we can no longer get a table, but they deserve the recognition because they serve the BEST Pho in my opinion in all of AZ! We've been here a few times now & the staff, food & drinks are excellent!
5	I love Pho Chandler! Every time I go in we are greeted right away and helped instantly! I usually get take out because it's pretty busy in there most nights. Plus when I get a craving for Pho I am not feeling to great! I am very picky about my Vietnamese food but Pho Chandler has never disappointed. Luckily we live right down the street! I've only had the Pho Tai and the pho chicken with vegetables combo...both are FANTASTIC! I love the flavors and spices that they put into their broths. They also don't skimp on the meat which I love! My husband has had a few different dishes from here (not a pho fan...crazy I know) and has loved all of them. Their egg rolls are delicious and come out piping hot. They even took the time to tell me how to re heat the pho at home. Love this place!
5	I've come to Pho Chandler for a couple of years or so and each time I've gone, they never disappoint. The staff are all really friendly. The food is Awesome. From the Spring rolls to the Pho to the rice plates, all great eats. I love coming here because it's a nice small place tucked away but very relaxed and an enjoyable atmosphere. This is one of the spots me and a very good friend of mine love coming too.
5	Staff are friendly and quick (even when it's a crowded lunch hour, they seem to find us a seat in 10 minutes or less). A perfect meal is an order of spring rolls, P1, and a Thai Iced coffee. Bonus: the TV channels are always (quietly) entertaining. Bewitched! was on last time. :)
4	6 years later and we are still frequenting this family run restaurant. They make good food at reasonable prices. The food is flavorful. The staff is super friendly and always asks after members of my family that are missing for one reason or another. We love our neighborhood "Fuh".
5	Love eating here, staff is super friendly. Always remember the regulars that come in to dine. I always eat the spicy green beans and chicken pot stickers. Would recommend this place to anyone looking to try something new. Keep up the great work Pho.
4	First time out to this location to get some Pho. Have to say from time we got there to time we left service was very good. Pho was very nice had a lot of flavor in broth and loaded with all the goodies you expect no short cut here. Egg rolls where very nice served with leaf lettuce mint and cucumber nice touch. What I really enjoyed was the child size Pho nice touch for the kids. All in all great place nothing fancy but good food and great service. We will be back
2	It an okay place to go for pho... Nothing "wow" factor.... They're portions was more noodles and not enough meat... Not to mention very little herbs given
1	Service was terrible, but food was delivered promptly. It seems as if this business don't value their customers. Food was alright- nothing special. Will not come back because of lack of friendliness.
5	I've had a Yelp account for a few years, and have primarily used it for the search aspect and obviously the opportunity to read through the reviews on any given business. Tonight however I've decided that a business has shown throughout multiple visits to never disappoint, and warrant being my first review. Pho Chandler is hands down my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the valley, and I've had some great food at Vietnamese places. This place has them beat on consistency and flavor of the food. The prices are awesomely cheap. It is CLEAN!! The staff is always extremely friendly. It's a smaller restaurant though , so the waits can get a little long.In a tiny restaurant on a Saturday night 20 minutes wait isn't the end of the world though. My fiance decided to get the Seafood Pho ,and I went for the meatball and eye of round Pho. We split an order of egg rolls with lettuce ,mint ,and cilantro as an appetizer. (Real romaine lettuce not iceberg)Both of our entrees arrived at the same time. My fiance loved the fact that his had recognizable seafood. No Krab just real crab in the shell. As for mine. Meatball and Eye of round Pho is my go to when I get Vietnamese. This is the best one I've ever had. Vietnamese meatballs have a tendency to be tough and rubbery. Not here. They had real flavor ,and there was a good amount of both types of meat. The broth was what originally won me over during my first visit here, and it has consistently been just as good each time. You can taste the subtle star anise flavor that Pho is know for, along with the deep beef flavor that a lot of places I've been to fell short on. We have decided to make it a point to come here at least once a month because we both enjoy it so much.
4	Ordered the basic house Pho and egg rolls. They were delicious. Service was great and it was very fast. One of the only downsides is it's a bit more expensive than other places I have been to that taste just as good.Look forward to hitting up this place more often in the future.
5	I travel all the way from Scottsdale for their Chicken Fried Rice with a side of Sweet and spicy sauce!  #delicious
3	We've been here a number of times.  Great Pho!  Great prices. My only complaint is that the service can be slow at times and the staff isn't very organized at times to efficiently get people to their tables and served.
5	I really enjoyed this Pho today. We have grown quite disappointed in the other Pho restaurants around us (near Dobson and Warner) and so went to Yelp to find another location. This location, near Arizona Avenue and Ocotillo, is in the back portion of a strip mall near Target. A little difficult to find away from the street.However, the restaurant was quite nice. Clean inside, tables are bused using a cart and bin (a lot better than other Vietnamese restaurants I've been to). The menu is straightforward, the Vietnamese staples. We started with Cha Gio and Goi Cuon, both excellent. The Goi Cuon was very good, and they used the marinated grilled pork, which was a very nice twist.We had Pho Tai, but the interesting thing about this restaurant is that can be ordered in Large and Extra Large. Given my appetite, I ordered the extra large. My wife and son had Buon Cha Gio Thit Nuong, which is rice noodle vermicelli with fried pork rolls and a very tasty marinated grilled pork. With fish sauce, this dish was excellent, probably the best I've had outside of my mother's home. The Pho was fresh, with a rich broth which I found to be tasty and not oily, as it sometimes can be.We have found our new Pho location. The service was polite, friendly, and fast. If you're in the East Valley and have a hankering for some Vietnamese food (not the dolled up fancy stuff), this is the place to go!
4	Just tried this for the first time,  got the round steak and brisket pho. The food came out fast and the large portion was more than I could finish. Everything was hot and fresh tasting, we will definitely be back.
