4	This was a surprisingly good Denny's.  We were heading out of Phoenix but wanted to grab breakfast on our way out and we stopped by here.  Outside, it looks kind of abandoned.  You see signs on the windows and a few people inside, but the lack of cars is a little startling considering every other Denny's is usually jam-packed at 10:30AM.  It's all about the area though.  There isn't a whole lot around here, so I can see how it can be so UN-crowded.The restaurant was only about 1/4 full so we were seated immediately.  Our server, Nataly, came by very quickly and took our drink order.  When she came back we were ready to order.  5 minutes later, our order was out.  I got the Grand Slamwich and the husband got his usual Moons Over My Hammy.  My sandwich was 1 scrambled egg (more like 4 judging the size of this thing), sausage, bacon, american cheese, and mayo all sandwiched between potato bread that is grilled with some sort of maple spice stuff.  It's very good.  It also comes with a side of hashbrowns.  It's really cheap at only $4.99 but there is also a Super Grand Slamwich.  I don't know how anyone can eat any more.  I only ate half and had two bites of the hashbrowns.  A strange thing we noticed however is the price difference between my sandwich and the husband's sandwich.  They were almost identical in size, almost identical in fillings, and both came with hash browns.  His, however, was $7.99.  Not that I am complaining about price or anything, but I couldn't figure out where that discrepancy came from.  Oh well.Bottom line, this is a great Denny's with great service, and better than usual food.  It was a nice experience to not be bumping into people and hearing screaming children.  I would definitely go out of my way to stop by this location as opposed to one closer to my house.
4	Pretty good food but the game where you use the arm and try to grab stuff is too hard so it only gets four stars. If you go there I would suggest the French Toast Slam.
3	Late night munching while we were waiting to go to the airport. Hardly anyone was there. So there was good service and the food was quick. Decent food overall. Not bad at all.
1	My problem is not with the service I received or with the regular staff here. I am a regular customer at this Denny's for over 5 years. My problem is with the poor management in the recent months. It is my understanding that this restaurant has recently changed management. Since this change has occurred I have noticed a lot of changes that I do not see as good changes. The atmosphere here has changed for the negative. The servers are always on edge by the way the new manager treats them. I have witnessed on several occasions the head manager, Deborah I believe her name is and her assistant named Chris, yelling and criticizing employee's right in front of customers. Neither one of them want to pitch in to help when the restaurant is busy, they just yell across the room at the employees.  I have also seen the head manager make customers wait in the lobby area for 45 minutes with empty tables. When asked about this on one incident, she replied that the server that had those tables is not very good and they can't handle anymore customers. I was had several friends with me on this visit and asked the server to split our checks. She said the person at the front had to do it. When we got to the front, it took almost 15 minutes for the manager to figure out what each of us had. When we asked why it couldn't be split at the table with the server that knew our orders, she informed us that she made that decision because she didn't trust her servers to split it and make sure everyone paid at the desk. This is insulting to us as customers and to the people she has working for her. I could go on and on about the different things I have seen here over the last few months from Deborah and Chris, but I would be here all night. The employees here are great, and have some really good people...Liz, Roxanne, Candy, Dan, Deborah. These are some of the best severs I have met, but because of this new management, I don't think I will ever visit this Denny's again. As for that, I don't ever thing I will visit another Denny's, ran by the same company either. And I will encourage anyone I know to avoid them too.
5	Fast and friendly service and well prepared, good food needs to be recognized and rewarded regardless of the venue. I am at Denny's in Tempe Arizona. Being the distinguished Elite Yelper that I am, I was going to go out in search of a funky, cool local place to dine but I was so damn tired of traveling that I decided on the Denny's in the parking lot adjacent to my hotel. I was pleasantly surprised!I went old school diner dinner. A Double Cheeseburger, fries and an old fashioned chocolate shake. YUMMMMMMMMMMMMM!Fresh ingredients, perfectly cooked and fast, friendly service. The fact that a "Tupperware Princess" giving a presentation of the latest and greatest food containers did not deter me from sitting at the counter enjoying a great classic diner meal.Good job Denny's!
1	I would rather eat a shitty frozen dinner, then ever eat this food.
1	Ate here once many years ago on our realtor's dime as we were looking for a house. Don't remember much about that visit, but today's is certainly memorable. Arguments in the kitchen, people in the kitchen slamming plates and glassware very loudly, chaos in the front... Granted it was a busy Sunday lunchtime, but it was just one thing after another, and pretty obvious that management was not in control of the situation.The final blow came after my wife and I had only gotten our drinks after a lengthy wait, (coffee and orange juice) and had been waiting for food for half an hour only to be told they were out of bacon.Out.Of.Bacon."America's Diner" cannot afford to be out of bacon. Rather than get substitutions (turkey bacon or sausage were offered), we opted to leave. Apologies all around on our way out the door, but even though we had nothing to eat, they just left a bad taste in our mouths.I know Denny's isn't supposed to be a high class joint, but I don't expect that kind of incompetence from what should be a corporate well-oiled machine.
1	This has absolutely nothing to do with bad service, or even expectations about the food. It's a Denny's. Had a work breakfast meeting here last month. Case of the Mondays, meet MSG induced food poisoning. Can you guess where this review is going?My boss got pretty sick. So did my coworker. Who knows how many others did. I know I did. Blowing out both ends . . . Ain't nobody got time for that! Never again!
4	It was about 5 o'clock in the morning and I had been up since about 4AM. I just flew back from Europe so my internal clock was still on European time. Where can you go for breakfast that early in the morning?The answer is, of course, Denny's. Open 24/7. Classic American breakfast place. I think the first time I ate at Denny's was about 1978.I grabbed a seat in a booth and ordered the classic American breakfast, the Original Grand Slam--two pancakes, two eggs sunny side up, two bacons, two sausages. It was exactly what I expected, the same as it has been since 1978. No reason change a good thing.A lone waitress was running the whole place--greeting customers, taking orders, delivering the food, re-filling coffee, bussing tables and working the cash register. A busy gal, she was friendly and very efficient. Always on the ball with coffee re-fills.Total damage was $11.40 including tax and tip. Good value. Like Arnold said. "I'll be back."
3	Although this Denny's location is in need of some dire repairs/renovationsIt still provides good food and good serviceI come to this location sometimes simply because the other ones in Tempe and Scottsdale are usually packed on Saturday & Sunday morningsThe service can be hit or miss here but usually great and tentativeThe food is the same The thing that kinda gets to me is just the look of the placeI hope to see this one get renovated eventuallyPerhaps that could boost their business a little bit...
1	This was the worst experience I have ever had at a Dennys. The service was bad they messed up parts of my order brought us wrong food. I asked for a coke after I finished my first drink and I never got it. On top of all that when we got our food the hash Browns were burned the sausages and bacon that came with my order were cold, and the scrambled eggs did not look or taste like scrambled eggs. It was the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant and it is the first time I have not left a tip. I can not recommend this restaurant to anyone so if you are looking for a place to eat go somewhere else, or if you are staying at the La Quinta in just have there complimentary breakfast it's more worth it.
5	This Denny's needs to be shut down and bombed. The sausage looks like doo doo and this waitress named Cathy serves me burnt food which she spits in because I'm pretty sure she is prejudice against African Americans. Also if you eat there you have to ask them to remove the roaches from your soup or they won't do it.
4	Country-Fried Steak & Eggs Skillet $8.00Raspberry Ice Tea $2.19Time in: 10:15Time out: 10:Tab: $11.02Didn't come for the atmosphere, came for being able to ask for breakfast/lunch/dinner at any hour of the day, wish I would've known there was a Denny's here last night.Server Danelle was really nice, even gave me a to-go cup for my ice tea. Food was good, didn't expect too much out of a Denny's. Will definitely keep this place in mind when I have an overnight around the Phoenix airport again
