4	HGTV is one of my favorite channels on TV, but I hate watching it because it makes me realize how many things I have to fix and update in my own house, so while watching divine design, in the kitchen drinking my coffee, I looked up and there it was. The ugliest oldest lighting fixture you've ever seen and it was here in my own kitchen.       I yelped for help and found lamps plus. Walking into the store and seeing all this lamps an chandeliers in the store I knew there was something there for me, they have literally hundredths of lamps to pick from. I was greeted right away by a sales representative and she offered me her assistance, I told her that I was looking for a modern but not futuristic classic but not antique kind of hanging but not chandelier looking lamp, she looked at me and said........... "your in luck! We just got the fixture you're looking for in today!" she showed me the piece and she was right! that was the perfect lighting fixture for my kitchen.  She even explained to me how to install it , but they do offer the installation service if you don't want to deal with it yourself but I've been watching too much HGTV I was sure I could install a simple lamp myself by now. With hundredths of choices and knowledgeable and professional staff you'll never be in the dark at this store, ; ) specially with the two free light bulbs I got for checking in on yelp. I got home installed the lighting fixture, turned it on, and there it was...the nicest newest lighting fixture you've ever seen, and is right here in my own kitchen......hmm... I think I need new counter tops.                                                                                               Yeeeelp!!
5	I had been coveting a certain set of chandeliers for a LONG time, when i was finally ready to pull the trigger I went to Lamps Plus for help- and so glad I did instead of buying them on the internet.  Lisa was particularly helpful and took care of details I would not have considered.  Estimate and installation crew were exceptional- on time and professional.  In the end I got what I wanted, it was done right the first time and I am over the moon happy with the result.  They know their stuff and will steer you in the right direction.  Ask for Lisa.
5	Lisa Scheck has to be to best lighting designer in Las Vegas for sure!We bought a brand new home and have found fantastic value and service with Lamps Plus, having replaced all lighting fixtures from a great selection, but having a true lighting design professional  (Lisa Sheck) has certainly made the experience beyond our expectations. Combine this with professional installation services adds to the value.Lisa will make home visits, but did a great job with us and just listening to our needs and preferences showed us lighting we may not have considered on our own. You won't be disappointed dealing with Lamps Plus or Lisa Sheck.
5	Seriously, the people here are always so nice!I've been in here numerous times since purchasing a new home last February and I have worked with a different person each time, and each person has been super helpful, really nice and overall genuine.Also, their return policy is AMAZING.  I purchased some custom lamps on their website.  A YEAR LATER, I decided that they really weren't what I had wanted.  I was able to return them (with the receipt, which I had since it was an online purchase) and I didn't get store credit- I got refunded the entire amount!!  what?!?!  So awesome!  If anything, that alone is worth 5 stars.I will continue purchasing stuff for my home from Lamps Plus.  They have all kinds of things for your home- lights, ceiling fans, knick-knacks, dressers, mirrors, pillows, chairs, tables, etc.Great place!
2	Great merchandise and the sales are good.I received an email today with sale items.  I wanted to buy 2 chairs like one of  the ones in the email.  The sale price was $149.95.  I called and asked to the person whose name was on the email.  I was put on hold for 5 minutes and then told she had a customer.  So I asked how late she would be there. I was told 6.  I drove right over.  I am told that Naomi left 10 minutes ago, by 2 people and that she was still there by another.Okay I showed the email on my phone to a lady in a lavender top.  She showed me a chair.  I am not really sure that was the correct chair.  Then I said $149.95 is the price.  She said it was $199.95 as on the tag.  I left.I like this store but aparently no one wants to sell sale chairs, and make sure that this is what the customer is looking for.
5	This is one of the nicest, friendliest stores I've shopped in since I moved to Vegas. I bought bar stools at a great price. My salesman Ray was so accommodating. They assembled it for me and took it to my car. They have more than lamps, so browse around.
