4	So we have been driving by this pizza joint that seems to be perpetually closed, yet it looks pretty interesting on the outside...especially on this particularly quiet stretch of Cave Creek Rd.  Turns out that Johnnie's is only open Thursday through Sunday.  Johnny himself mans the pizza counter, giving long hellos to everyone.  Apparently, he has been turning out pizza in this location since the 90s.  So it's a total neighbor joint with lots of kids and families dropping in.I would recommend the deluxe on thin crust...you might be tempted to go for the Joanie (slightly thicker crust) or the medium crust...but don't give in to this impulse...the crust here is perfectly crisp and quite dense, so thin is more than sufficient to satisfy the hungry beast.  Johnnie's has fresh toppings and good sauce.  But they do take 20 minutes to make the pizza to order, so phoning in your order before hand is a good idea.Oh yeah, and Johnny will let you customize your pizza anyway you want...down to quarters.3 stars for the pizza plus extra star for super customization and Johnnie with his friendly greetings for all.
5	Everyone is familiar with the the term 'Chicago Style'. The phrase itself is so played out that it pretty much has no meaning. At Johnnie's 'Chicago Style'  means a thin crust pizza with a sweet sauce cut into squares. This is the type of pizza I go for when in Chi-town. If you live within 45 minutes of this place it's worth the journey. The only downside to Johnnie's is that it's only open thursday through sunday after 4. No lunches :(
4	We are constantly on the quest for pizza that is not from Papa Barfs, Domino's and Pizza Hut.  Why bother when there are some many better options throughout the valley.We tried out Johnnie's recently and liked it a lot.  We had the peperoni Joannie style (this is the middle crust, not the thin and not the thickest).  It was pretty darn good.The sauce is a bit sweeter than what I like but I still enjoyed it.  It was quick and it is convenient for our location.  The gal who answered the phone and took our order was really nice, she called me "Honey" and I liked that b/c I could tell she was older than me and that is the only time I like being called "honey" unless from my husband... or a gay man.
3	Nice family place with limited operational hours (evenings on Friday, Saturday, Sunday only). Chicago theme on the inside is cozy, with plenty of Bears, Bulls, & Cubs posters. Very modest atmosphere, perhaps dated, but cozy nonetheless and a place that is suitable for bring the entire family. Seems to be a small, local family-owned business as well.Thin crust is like a thick cracker - flour bottom, crispy, yet still somewhat chewy. Sweet & tangy tomato sauce seems to draw people as well, as many of us from Illinois are familiar with the thin crust & extra sweet tangy sauce formula for pizza.As of winter 2008, the menu consisted of pizza, a calzone like "pizzoli", and salads. No subs, eggplant, chicken, etc. that is mentioned in the Web Review.
4	It was like I tripped over a crack in the sidewalk, stumbled into a time warp, and emerged in suburban Chicago in 1985, when I still knew all the words to the Super Bowl Shuffle by heart. Hard. Core. Chicago. This does not mean the pizza is, per se, good. It will probably come across repellent to those who think Uno's is all Chicago pizza represents. To the Chosen, though, it is excellent - sweet sauce, gooey cheese, thin-yet-chewy crust, all cut into the requisite squares, and infinitely better as leftovers the next day.Oh, and a little secret: BYOB.
4	I've driven by Johnnie's at least 100 times in my like and never seen it open.  I thought it had been closed down years ago or was a front for another popular Chicago style business.  Last night we were driving by and the lights were on!  Obviously we had to stop and find out what had changed.  We wre informed that this family business is only open Thursday-Sunday nights.  Had I really never driven by during these times?  Pizza was true Chicago thin crust.  Cut in squares with a sweet sauce that hit the spot.  The only thing that could use improvement was the Italian sausage.  It was truly a time warp in there as well.  Felt like we were back home in Wrigleyville, paper plates and all.
4	Edited March 2, 2014. I was sadTo learn that Johnnie passed away last summer. He was a nice guy and earned my  respect as a small businessman. I understand that the family is running the place and they deserve continued success. Look, this place is weird. They're open really limited hours, Thursday through Sunday only. When you call in a phone order, they want your first and last name, but don't care about your phone number or the name of the person that is going to pick it up. The guy that's obviously in charge, we can assume Johnnie or maybe Dee (but it could be Ralph, as much as everything else makes sense) yells everything. He also gives you a really precise time that your order will be ready, " THAT'LL BE READY AT 6:48!". The pizza is amazing. I get the thin pie, but you can get a thicker crust if you want. They have all of the ingredients that you expect, and they're fresh. What makes it so great is the sauce. It's thin and rich, with a lot of black pepper. It's what you want.Edited to add that the Pizza I ordered on 10/1/10 was "ready at 5:51" . On 11/27, the order went in at 6:28 and the pizza was supposed to be ready at "6:52". Today is 4/2 and my Pie will be ready at 8:18!
4	The combination of the sweet homemade sauce, freshly made sausage and fresh cheese is outstanding. If you are craving a sweeter pizza I recommend Johnnies.
4	Talk about pizza with character! We came to Johnnie's for dinner and got one extra-large pizza. Their crust was just right, not too thick and doughy like some other places. Best of all was their ultra-specific time at which the pizza would be ready: 6:52 pm. Nice. The people working there were very friendly. It's definitely not as cheap as some deals you'd find at national pizza chains, but this pizza had so much more flavor and character. Check them out!
5	Some of the best pizza I have ever had. Johnnie's isn't open all week, but when they are their food is terrific. All ingredients are made from scratch and you can tell.
4	Crazy little pizza joint that will make you think you are back in Chicago.  If you can get past the paper plates and the fact that they are only open a couple days a week you will absolutely love this place.  Family owned and operated and they were all very nice and appreciative of everyone's business.  Prices were very reasonable considering how most Chicago style places like Rosatis think it is acceptable to charge $25 for a pizza these days.
4	Best pizza in AZ. It's not deep dish but it's really good. I order my crust thicker than normal and it's not undercooked. I have never been disappointed by the pizza from this place. Can't imagine how good it would taste right out of the oven.My only complaints are that this place is only open Thursday to Sunday and it's really far away.
5	Okay... Been flying past this place next to the Rainbow Cactus and not wanting to stop, but today's the day! Flashy neon sign tells me ... "GOD LOVES YOU / WHY NOT SHARE A HAPPY HEART? / JESUS IS ALIVE. So I cautiously slide in the front door. Chicago style? I'm thinking deep dish, and my hopes are dashed quickly, and told that theirs is 'thin' crust, bummer.God loves you Jesus is aliveOkay I need to loss weight (I'm at 190#) but it was a very tight fit into the horseshoe booth as I burned the roof of my mouth on melting cheese. And boy let me tell you, they put alot of cheese on these pies. But the sauce is a little sweeter than my NYC preference but all-in-all a nice place, they won me over.
1	They ONLY have a thin crust pizze here and it ain't all that.  You would think if it's the only pizza they make it would be killer, but it's just "meh".  The staff is super nice and friendly, which is nice, but unfortunately I can't eat the service.  Don't go here expecting wings/bread sticks/sides, they only do pizza.  I got a side salad and it was basically iceberg lettuce (gross) with the mushrooms/canned olives/green peppers that would go on a pizza. Let's just say it wasn't a very impressive salad.  Don't waste your time here across the street to Belfiore -- they serve up a variety of authentic Italian dishes (way more than one type of pizza, seafood, pasta, and they have a full-service deli as well.)
3	Alright, so let me start with saying that the service was pretty good (I mean, you order and a window and they bring you food). The people were all quite nice. But man, what a bummer.I drove by this place Saturday and got really excited because it looked like a hole-in-the-wall place that would have fantastic pizza. After striking out at another pizza place, we decided to give this place a go. The giant lighted sign that professed god loves me was a little off-putting but we decided to go in anyway so we stepped up to the counter and ordered a cheese. Now, Chicago Style pizza is generally deep dish. I worked in a Chicago style pizza place for 2 years and our default was a pillowy thick crust with thin crust available on request. Given that this is the general understand of Chicago pizza, I feel like the girl at the counter should have let us know it was thin crust (or I could have read the menu closer). But alas, our pizza came out and it was a slightly under-done cracker thin crust. Ok, I normally prefer thin crust so I'll get over it. BUT the biggest problem was the sweetness of the sauce. This pizza was described as a squishy cracker with ketchup and cheese by someone with me. I really wanted this place to be some amazing find that I would love forever but alas my search continues. Oh, I ordered a dinner salad too. Your options are boring ranch or boring Italian. It was pretty standard bagged lettuce, too many black olives, and shredded mozzarella.The only decent thing I can say about this pizza is that it was ok as left-overs the next day...slathered in siracha or chiptole tabasco.So, if you're into sweet sauce and thin crust pizza, this is your place. If you're looking for decadent deep dish Chicago style pizza, keep looking because you won't find it here.    If you want to leave a tip for the staff, bring cash. Their credit card merchant doesn't allow for tips on cards. Weird.
4	Johnnie's makes the best pizza I've had since moving to Phoenix.  I say this as someone biased against thin crust pies.  They have a distinct sauce that helps makes this a memorable pizza.The decor is Chicago sports and culture centric.  If you're from The Windy City this is a place you need to check out.
5	This is one of only two pizza places that I will eat at in Arizona, and my first choice.  I'm not sure I would call it typical or traditional Chicago style, but it is excellent anyway.  I love the slightly sweet tomato sauce.  They also do an excellent job of telling you exactly when your pizza will be ready or delivered, which is very much appreciated.Heads up, the 5 stars is for the pizza only.  The restaurant itself is kind of dingy.  The menu is extremely limited.  None if it really matters though when you serve the best pizza in the valley.  I actually order a pizza from here almost every weekend.
1	Someday before I die, I would love to try this pizza.  Let me say that I have lived just a couple miles away from this place for the past 10 years and have only seen it open a handful of times.  The signs keep changing, I watched as the original owner left and as the "Original Johnny" returned to a big banner that flew outside the place.  Yet every single time that we have tried to go check the place out... Closed.  The hours on the door say one thing, but it seems that is just a rough estimate of when someone will grace you with a pizza.Someday....  Maybe I can try it and write a review about the pizza.
3	my wife and i went there last week. it was good. great  chicago decor. pizza was good. we just happen to go there when there was birthday party for a kid. a lot of kids running around.
4	I discovered Johnnie's Pizza back in the 80's when he was located up the street.I have been a customer ever since.If you are a "pizza snob" who only likes deep dish,you won't find it here.The crust is thin and the sauce is sweet just as I like it.I am from Downers Grove,Illinois and it suits me just fine.Johnnie is the friendliest guy and his staff is very welcoming and efficient.I'm not crazy about the soda as it seems flat.I want carbonation.I usually order for carry out as he does not deliver in my area.I love the taste of his pizza and everyone is very nice.Johnnie always remembers my name and it's like "Cheers" pizza style there.(Everybody knows your name).I give Johnnie's 4 stars.I just wish he was open more often.Only open Thursday-Sunday.
4	They do thin crust Chicago style pizza perfectly.  And to you other reviewers, this is a well known style of pizza in Chicago/Midewest; not as well-known as a Malnati's/Gino's-style deep dish, but a legit pie.  I can understand being surprised if you're expecting deep dish, and they probably could do a better job warning people that they are thin crust.  ANYWAY, their pies have a nice crispy crust, sweet sauce.  When you place an order for pick-up they give you the exact number of minutes until your pizza is ready, and are pretty darn exact with it.  Decor is all Chicago-teams, street signs, posters, etc. They don't serve beer/wine, but we've brought a cooler with beers in there several times and haven't had any complaints from the staff.The ONLY reason I gave them 4 stars and not 5 is that they are only open Th-Sun from 3:30-9ish.  It's still my favorite pizza in the valley! (I didn't think they took credit cards, but maybe I am mistaken. We've always had cash to pay with)
4	For thin crust pizza Johnnies is the way to go. I am not a fan of thick crust, but can eat it if the pizza is absolutely awesome. I am not impressed with most pizza places out here, so when my honey introduced me to Johnnie's thin crust pizza it has become one of my faves.
5	Great food 5 stars
5	We've been getting Pizza here for years, and it's still our favorite anywhere.  Very thin crust, wonderful sausage, and very flavorful.  Reminds me of the pizza we got growing up outside of Chicago.
5	Mmmm... paper thin crust. Love the sausage with light sauce. I will warn you it is not very filling, but mighty tasty. Again, note they are only open Thursday through Sunday. Absolutely delicious pizza! We have ordered from here for  over 15 years. My wife and her family for over 20! As long as Johnnie is around, the quality and taste just can't be beat!
4	We have been eating Johnnie's Pizza for almost 30 years. His sauce/cheese flavor profile is still the same and unique in all the pizza I have eaten. We used to get the thick crust when the kids were still at home, but now prefer the thin crust, and I am sure you will ike either one. Johnny is usually there and has never met a customer he didn't like and he has quite a few loyal pie munchers like us, but don't take my word for it, try it, you'll like it. My daughter's in-laws from Columbus have to have Johnnie's with every visit and even when we lived 200 miles away, we always came by for some pie.
5	Heading back to this place.  Thin crust Chicago style?!? YES!!!! its awesome.
5	First i would like to state, I signed up to yelp to put feedback about this place. Can you say amazing? i would like to say i'm one of the pickiest eaters(especially pizza) that crap dominos or pizza hut just won't cut it for me. If u like Real authentic "Chicago" style pizza go here. i believe that most of these crock so-called "Chicago Style" places are just that, crocks. Great Service, ambience is great a bunch of chicago themed sports teams all over the place and just SPECTACULAR pizza. The best pizza for everyone that i recommend here is Sausage and Green Pepper on their world famous "medium crust" with extra sauce. The owner johnnie is a stand up man and literally always treats you like family.There is only one downfall about this place and its' that they're only open on Thurs-Sundays. This place is great i sincerly recommend EVERYONE to try this, it is definately one of these places that will become your usual pizza spots.
5	The best pizza I've ever had!
2	Was excited thought we finally found good local pizza...soo dissapointed. Service was great but we ran home to try the pizza and looked great love thin crust but was not crispy and taste was ok.was good sauce but no flavor to crust and was almist like frozen pizza crust...
5	My family and I have been going here for over 22 years.They have the best pies ever!(Miss you Johnnie)
4	Great Pizza wonderful people. Can't get them on the phone and the hours are "flexible " ie: hard to reach. But the food is worth it if you can get through to them to order.
5	Best pizza in town.   Makes me miss Chicago!    I don't know if they have air conditioning or they don't turn it on, but it is usually very warm so I take it to go.  Either way....best thin crust pizza in town by my midwest standards.
3	We'll it finally happened.  The planets aligned, the stars converged, and the heavens cast forth a light that led us to the door of Johnnie's Pizza.  Yes friends, I was able to actually get in and try this place out.  After 10 years of waiting; and was it worth it???   eh...  Yeah I guess it was.  I'm not sure it was worth $30 for two small pizzas, but it was fine.It is not the greatest pizza I have ever had in my life, but it was very nice.  I like thin crust and the Chicago style is a nice change of pace.  If you are from the midwest it is very close to a pizza chain called Valentino's.  Sweet sauce and light on the toppings.  They do not offer a ton of choices and the place looks like a throwback to a 60's diner in Chi-town, but hey, at least I can cross this one off my list.
5	Another 5 star review from me - but no surprise here. We were heartbroken to hear about the sad news this summer but incredibly happy Johnnie's reopened. We've been regulars for over 6 years now. Favorite pizza place ever. You guys are the best. Awesome thin crust pizza with a great tangy, sweet sauce.  We love the veggie version: olives, mushrooms, onions, green pepper, and sometimes we also add pepperoncini to half. They have really good side salads too. Lots of toppings and we sometime refer to them as our cheese salads for the extra helping of our favorite topping they give us.
5	This is absolutely the best pizza in Phoenix!  So glad we live nearby so take out is easy. Try it, you'll love it,
5	This place has the best pizza in Phoenix.  It has authentic Chicago thin crust pizza (yes that is what Chicagoans eat a majority of the time).  The place is so authentic that it feels like I am eating pizza in the basement of my old place back in Chicago ... The even have they same decor!  This is the only place I order pizza from in Phx.
5	This is our go-to pizza place in Phoenix! We love grabbing a Johnnie's pizza when we're watching the Blackhawks game at home. Their pizza is thin crust, crispy with a delicious sweet sauce. Their sausage is tasty, and I've never been disappointed with their service both eating there and taking to go. They're not open Monday-Thursday, and if you eat in it's BYOB unless you just want fountain soda.
4	I've loved in the area for years and always drove past on the way to other pizza joints. I should have been going to Johnnie's the entire time. The pizza here is excellent, and the service is good as well. Prices are a little on the high side, but the pizza is good enough to justify it.
4	My husband just got home from Chicago and wanted to go here for Father's Day. We have driven by it countless times but it has never been open. Turns out it is only open from 3:30-9 Thursday through Monday. So we came, and we came for the pizza. Because that is all they have on the menu (no wings, garlic bread, mozzarella sticks, nothing). Pizza is what they do best, and it is all they do. And they do it well. The cheese was so delicious and tasted high quality. We had the standard crust (thin) on one Hawaiian pizza (loved!!!) and the medium thick crust on the Johnnie's Deluxe (also loved!!). Sausage was awesome. The decor was completely lacking, but like I said...you come here for the pizza, not to be wined and dined.
4	Had the thin crust deluxe. It was fantastic. Sausage was so good. Definitely worth going to. A 14 inch medium was more than enough for 2.
4	The owner was super nice, great costumer service! The pizza was delicious. I would definitely come here again.
4	Great Chicago-style pizza with great customer service. The cheese, crust, and sausage were amazing. They don't sell beer but allow you to bring your own. They brought us cold mugs for our beer. The decor was dated and lacking.
4	Very good pizza and service, impressed so i went back the next weekend and ordered 3 more pizzas. Friends liked them too. Favorite so far is the delux and then the pepperoni
5	Really good pizza - got the thin crust and took other reviewers recommendation and got sausage.  The sausage was superb;  a little spicy and just the right size- not crumbles or large chunks, but nice small pieces.  The sauce was thick and a bit sweet, and best of all, not heavily spiced. I hate it when my pizza sauce is competing with my toppings.  I will definitely be back.
2	We tried the large deluxe for carryout.  I wish I had only ordered a small.  The service was very friendly. The cheese and toppings were all good, but the sauce ruined it completely, it is about 4 times sweeter than catsup.  The crust was very thin which I like but it was soggy, which I don't like.    The slices were not cut cleanly we had to re slice all of it.  The two stars are for the friendly service and decent toppings.  I really wanted to like this place.....but the sauce ruins the pie.  We wont be back.  Bummer.
4	Bravo!!! 2 weeks fresh from Chicago move and you impressed!! I was nervous and hesitant but that was just a memory after smelling it in my car during the ride home  Super thin and crispy and properly square cut! Cheese wasnt greasy and the sausage was very good! Sauce was a bit sweeter than I am used to but still enjoyed it!! You have a long term customer for sure! Thanks for making me feel at home with one of just a few things I knew I would miss about Chicago!! THIS is true Chicago Style pizza  if you dont like it, you might be from the Chicago suburbs or possibly New York!!
5	Jus wanna  say !! For get about it ! They do right at this  lil pizza spot ., let me tell ya don't let the hole in the wall location fool ya .,  once in side you are quickly reassured that your in for some good pizza . This is a REAl pizza parlor ! I most say they can hang with my favorite's . There is s reason that the only have one thing on the menu
5	Stopped in today with my children and purchased a medium pizza. They loved challenging each other in basketball while I waited. The owner had a sweet conversation with my little one. Took the pizza home and they ate the whole thing. That rarely happens :)
5	Well, you guys did it now!!!! My parents came to visit for the 1st time since we moved here from Chicago. We were supposed to go out to dinner last night, but they were tired from traveling and wanted a pizza. Now, my dad is late 60s and grew up on the South Side of Chicago and has lived on the North Side for almost 50yrs with local-family pizza joints EVERYWHERE. Contrary to popular belief, Chicago is NOT all about Deep Dish and Pan Pizza. A lot of us LOVE a proper, crispy, square cut thin crust. Not that floppy pie cut NY Style thin crust.Having tried the regular crust a couple of times, I decided to give the Medium Crust a try with Sausage and Onion, and easy on the cheese(An owner favorite I might add)Fantastic job! My dad and I were both impressed! "Kid, you found yourself a great pizza joint out here" were his words! Whether you're from Chicagoland and craving a family style pizza joint that knows what they're doing, or just curious to try Chicago Style Thin Pizza, THIS is your Spot! Quit messing with floppy NY Pizza and make the switch! You won't look back.....Just a tip about Square Cut Pizza. We eat the outside crust pieces first, and work our way to the middle. The Middle pieces without a crust edge are the ideal pieces to have leftover the next day. COLD! We don't reheat pizza!!!  Bravo guys!!! The only thing my dad was missing were the crinkle cut fries and some garlic bread from his local Chicagoland Spot! No big deal, more room for pizza!!!
