4	Great place, good prices
4	So, all I've had here(so far) is one mini carne asada taco, but with that, their friendliness, and their expansive and well-priced menu, I'll definitely be returning.The taco itself was $1.35, after tax, and consisted of two flour tortillas filled with freshly grilled beef--extremely tender and flavorful, topped with cabbage, raw onions, and a medium salsa. It was a teensy bit greasy, but delicious, savory, and it totally hit the spot!More to come, soon!
3	So, I returned and tried a lengua(beef tongue) mini taco. Once again, delicious, with melt-in-your-mouth tender cubes of meat, and the lovely contrast of raw onions and cabbage.their tortilla chips? not that great...they were too hard, too greasy, although they did have a good amount of salt. I had them with their salsa...very spicy and smoky, but it was more of a bean salsa(not chunky, but a powerful flavor of beans...not my thing).
4	Actually pretty good. If you can see past the atmosphere then you can see that the food taste good. I tried a carne esada plate and it was good. Keep in mind this is relative to other restaurants in the same class, it is above the other cheaper Mexican restaurants in the 7-10 dollar range.
3	Not a bad little joint, and quite comparable to Filiberto's. I mainly get chorizo or carne asada burritos and both have been pretty good. On the weekends, I'll get their red menudo, which tastes fine, but is a bit heavy on the tripe and light on the hominy. The employees are pretty friendly, as well. A place worth returning to for a quick, cheap bite.
3	This place is right in my neighborhood, and I usually go for takeout. The food is good and cheap - think a slighly more upscale Filiberto's without the resulting stomach ache. Very casual, order at the counter and seat yourself. Try the lengua and the albondigas. My one complaint is the hours - 7:30am to 9pm. A place like this needs to have early morning hours for the breakfast burrito crowd and late night hours for the fourthmeal crowd. Not that there's ever been a crowd in the place - but maybe there would be if they were open later!
2	I cannot understand how this place is still in business. The food is bad... no taste, greasy, and the carne asada is tough. Nothing to come back for. I live across the street from it but I'd rather drive somewhere else. I like supporting small business but this place makes it tough.
1	Service sucks...! No really it sucks. Im all about supporting local businesses but i will no longer give these folks any of my money. The cashier girl at night is very un professional,(never smiled once the whole time i was there), lazy and a little rude, I've lived in the area ten yearsAnd have eaten here three times, two times within the last two weeks now i see why i never eat here. The food was "ok" at best i told the girl i liked the green chili chimichanga she said..Oh no i don't like the chimichangas here! I asked why she said i just don't..! Then she walked to the back and talked to to cook the whole time,it felt kind of weird because I'm a a people person and i just tried to engage in a lil conversation about the food while i was waiting but all she wanted to do was bother the cook, which caused him to take a really long time to prep my order.so i finally got her attention to tell to make my order to go..the place was empty and the tables where filthy..! (Same service same girl twice)..To the owners You need better customer service being your food is not all that great. I noticed the "cashier wanted" sign on the door so maybe hire someone who is friendly and cares about your restaurant...! GOOD LUCK  9/6/13
1	Bland, greasy and uneventful. Had the flautas, got 3 greasy rolled tacos with a sprinkle of cheese, I had to pay extra for the guacamole and sour cream. Absolutely tasteless. Boyfriend ordered the tamale plate.. Tamales were dry and over microwaved. Will not be coming here again that's for sure. Next time I'll have Taco Bell for "authentic" Mexican.
3	I thought is was mediocre. I had the menudo which had toooo much tripe, but very tasty! I will order again. my husband had a red chili burro, which was horrible. I also had a bean and cheese burro that was very good! I wouldn't recommend this place to friends, but I will return to try new items on their menu.
1	When I ordered my food at the counter the cashier verbally asked for a tip. What?! I just lost my appetite. I haven't even had a bite of food and will never be back......Looking for Mexican food? Try Villas which is nearby and always great.
1	Went in because I wanted a couple tortillas to go with dinner, figured a Mexican hole in the wall restaurant would be a good place for tasty tortillas..... WRONG!  Took 5 min before anyone acknowledged I was there, I should of just left.  The staff looked totally disorganized. I asked for two tortillas to-go. She looked at me like I asked for her to knit me a sweater with dental floss, she had to ask 3 people if she could sell tortillas. 10 minutes and  $3 poorer, I was the not so proud owner of two of the nastiest tortillas I have ever had! They were gummy & hard at the same time, how is that even possible?!? They had a disgusting aftertaste, didn't even want to throw them out to the birds. Gross!
