5	I just had air duct cleaning for my home and they did a great job.  They explained everything before and after.  They were done in the time that they alloted.  They also cleaned 2 chiminies.  They did so good that I had them come 3 days later and do air duct cleaning at my commercial building.  The a/c feels so much better and the building cools down faster.  They were a little bit more expensive in their quote than other companies, however the other companies charge extra for every little thing and Top Hatter just charges a flat fee.
5	This place from phone call to service. The guy on the phone explained everything which actually sealed the deal. I was going to search around but after he gave his shpeal it was done. My air quality improved exponentially and I recommended to my friends.
5	We had this company come out today to clean our air ducts and dryer vent. They showed up earlier than expected and did a thorough and efficient job! I highly recommend this company. They really know what they're doing and the guys doing the work were so nice! My house feels & smells different (in a good way!).
5	Great job starting with the 1st phone call to the completion of the work. Initially spoke with Steve, he was very thorough and detailed in his explanations of how they take care of the duct and dryer vent cleaning and chimney sweep. The 3 technicians showed up, took care of everything as described and cleaned up after themselves as well, no dust bunnies were left behind at all. The lead tech, also went over proper care of all 3 items and gave me several, very helpful tips. Some I would never have thought of and with us doing a complete reno to our new home, the tips will come in handy with the excess dust we will be creating.Overall, I am extremely happy with their service and would highly recommend them to everyone.
5	Ok so my neighbor had a little fire and well the smoke came into my place and I had smoke damage. I was living out of hotels and my mom's house for 4 months trying to get someone to clean up the soot. I had initially called Top Hatter when this started but for some reason I passed them over. 4 months later I called again and scheduled something with Steve. I was very impressed because I let Steve know my situation and he got me the best deal on everything I needed done. These guys did an amazing job and we're just so professional. They cleaned up before they left and even impressed my parents who both now want services done. You should absolutely call these guys if you need your ducts cleaned. Please tell them I sent you.
