4	Remember back when we were kids you used to get 2 pizzas on a huge sheet of cardboard then it  was covered in paper? Split it with a friend for $5.00, including crazy bread!!Fast forward 20 years and now you average about $20 for 2 pizzas, 1 crazy bread and a 2 liter. Pizza tastes the same, the recipe hasn't changed a bit. Should have invested in Little Caesars Pizza! This location is new, it's where Fresh and Easy was built 3 plus years ago and never opened. Same little random shopping center. It gets busy, but we have never had to wait for pizza. The great thing about fast food pizza, it's always ready. Coincidently, if you want real pizza, Barros is right up the road a few miles and for the same $20 you can get 2 large pizzas there. Or 1 large and 12 wings. :)
1	.9/5 stars - Would rather eat frozen pizza. The fact that they always give you 2 pizzas for the price of one tells you something.
3	Having worked at a Little Caesar's years ago, I can say that I know what goes on in the back of the restaurant. Here, it seems as though they have a working system in the back with respect to making the pizzas, but customer service is bad. The staff here are more concerned with what's going on after work or who's dating "so-and-so" that the customer is more of an inconvenience than anything. A boost in customer service would do wonders for this place.
1	The $5 hot 'n ready ... is NEVER, and I mean NEVER hot 'n ready. Every time I go here (probably 2-3 times a month) I have to wait for pizza.  I tried the other location in Surprise and it was the same issues. I only come back to this one because the workers are slightly more friendly.
3	I ordered a three meat pizza here which was good, the crust actually had some flavor unlike a lot of pizza places. Their wings were excellent, didn't even need the ranch. Service was surprisingly fast. However they did not have thin crust :( what pizza place doesn't have thin crust?!
4	Hot, Fresh, and Ready. What more could you ask for for a dinner of pizza, wings, and crazy bread. Not a 5-star restaurant, but if it's pizza you want, pizza you get. No need to call in, just go in and grab it.Still love Little Caesar's after all these year.
4	Based on my one visit here I must say it's not too bad. You know what you're getting for the price. It's easy, cheap, great for parties and good enough. Picked up some pizzas for 5 hungry kiddos and I was in and out. Pizza tasted fresh, lots of pepperoni, and cooked just right.
