1	Just say no. Save yourself some time. I've used them before, but just because they were more affordable. I honestly can't stand walking in the front door of an empty office, to be ignored by the staff. If it were the first time, I might let it go. But it happened the last time as well, and by another unfriendly employee. And it wasn't like they didn't hear me, I had a crying puppy and two loud children. Also would like to note, that the person behind the counter was NOT on the phone, or even helping another customer. She was just working on her computer. The lack of customer service is HUGE when it comes to caring for your pets. I mean, if they can't even be nice to the patrons, how can they be nice to your animal? Their low fees cannot make up for horrible, slow, inept service. It's unacceptable on so many levels. I will not be going back. And you should think twice before you go there.
1	North Las Vegas Animal hospital is not a place I would go back to. It smelled HORRIBLE, staff is very unprofessional and look like crackheads. There is no care or compassion given to the pets at all! I took my dog there to get her shots and will not ever take her back just for those. Clearly this place is ONLY about making money!
5	I have read your reviews, and I must say that your reviews are an abomination to the actual truth about this place. I have never had any of the problems that you mentioned. Staff has always acknowledged me in a timely manner, they have always been kind to me and professional. Smells in an animal hospitals is normal, they are animals, go figure. If they were on a computer or on the phone that means that they were giving quality help to someone else before you walked in; this place is not Mac Donald. What has happened to the virtue of patience? The Veterinarian is highly knowledgeable and has always taken very good care of my animals. Yes, they are very busy, yes, they are very affordable; but the quality of service is just as good if not better than other place. Thank you N.L.V.A.H. for being here for us that cannot afford the exuberant prices of other facilities and are still able to take care of our pets as we should.
5	I have been coming here for over 10 years... Their office isn't fancy but the are not over priced rip you off franchise!!! They have always provided excellent care for my animals! Vet tech Matt has always showed care and compassion for my dogs! They offer half priced shot clinic on the weekends, so of course they will be busy!! This is a great deal!!
5	I absolutely love this place. I seriously don't understand why people are not loving this place. The people are fantastic,  not to mention the vetranerians are down to earth.  Will be back. :)
1	TERRIBLE place!!!!! First of all we have been going to the this place for over 13 years and they were ok for my dogs shots but if your dog gets sick WORST idea to take here!!!! The dr could careless he doesn't even ask you any questions about your pet. We went there because one of my dogs had diarrhea for 2weeks  the dr said don't worry about it as long as he is still eating and drinking he wil be fine.  No testing of any kind that day. So 2 more weeks go by and my poor dog is still sick and he started to throw up a little bit we take him back yo this terrible place all they say is let's take blood work and they gave him antibiotics for ten days. 3 days go by and the dr doesn't even call us bak to let us know about the results we had to call. The dr doesn't even go over blood work with us the receptionist just tell us dr said that to keep taking the antibiotics to make sure it's not a bacteria infection but that we would need more blood work because his liver might be damaged or failing. Like really if my dogs liver is failing you couldn't call us to get us is ASAP for more lab work!! So my poor dog has had diarrhea for 2 months now and has lost 11 pounds! So we go to get a 2nd opinion because we feel Luke this is not right. We request our records and blood work to be faxed to the vet ( green valley animal hospital ) and n.lv makes it in possible for us to get these records that we have paid for rightfully ours they didn't want to send them they say they did but we never received them. We call back and Jessica the receptionist tell us that Dr. Is telling her that they will no longer fax anything for us and then said the dr. Is telling her to hang up on us. Really professional!!! Bottom line is best decision we have made. If you love your pets DO NOT take your dogs here!
1	LOVE YOUR PET? THEN GO ELSE WHERE!If your going here for their low rates then I suggest only getting vaccines (dirt cheap) on weekends, how ever if in any case you need someone to care for your animal, then you got the wrong place. my poor dog was sick with diarrhea, I took him in for his shots and explained that he was sick, they said that ad long as he is eating and drinking he'll be fine, well guess what he wasn't. I had to bring him in again for blood work I was never explained what was wrong with him instead they said Dr. Stefano says "bring him back in for more blood work" (I guess one test isn't enough or they needed to charge me again,  AWESOME). I declined, and sought a second opinion I went to Pebble and Maryland animal hospital, and when I requested the records to be faxed over they gave me attitude (how audacious), they faxed over only shot records and when I called them again they said  "we will no longer fax anything" and hung up on me! WOW,  how Unprofessional this is how they treat patrons, just imagine your animal in their care? You're better off leaving them with dr. Kavorkhian at least he would sympathize.  Take my word, experience and frustration and heed my warning.
5	I came from California to get dental work done on my dogs, yes I love this place that much, and when I was living in Las Vegas this vet was who I trusted my dogs to (over 6 years)! They are reasonably priced and not trying to rob you for simple things to be done and my dogs feel better! Staff is great, the Doc is about helping animals and not charging an arm and a leg! It does get busy during shot clinic hours but hey you are saving money so quit complaining people. I highly recommend them!
