2	I went to Cogburns because my friend recommend it. The place was previously called Paytons place. Its newly remodeled, its appearance has improved. However the staff could use a little improvement in friendliness I walked pass 2 waitresses on my way to the bar and did not receive so much as a smile or a hello. My friend and I sat at the bar for a good 10 minutes before the female bartender took our drink order and they were not busy. We would later order some food which consisted of hot wings and a quesadilla. The food arrive rather quickly which puzzled me since my quesdilla was burned and black under neath. Some of the hot wings were also burnt. Food was mediocre, I dont really expect much from bar food except the food is fresh and not over cooked. Honestly the hot wings at Native New Yorker are better. Honestly I would not recommend this restaurant and probally will not return. Theres other bars with better food and value.
1	So... Sunday night, and decided that I could not live with out boneless buffalo wings. Since Cogburns ( formerly Payton's Place) is in the hood; why not stop by. Walked through the door and all of three people there. None of them employee's. Waited with my family about 7 minutes until a patron feels bad and try's to give me a menu and seat me. Respectfully, I decline and started to the door. As I opened the door to leave, two employees, one male the other female, come from the kitchen looking at me surprised as if not expecting to work that night. As they pleaded for my family and I to return, all I could think about is how "not" busy in the kitchen they were while preparing no ones food. Just saying'! Since opening night the service in this place sucked. Can't say anything about the food because I was never able to get any!
2	My boyfriend and I were looking for somewhere new to watch the UFC fight we were unaware that Payton's place closed an reopened as "cogburns". So we decided to check it out... Let me just start out by saying that Ashley was the only saving grace. The bartenders were very unknowledgeable and lack personality. My boyfriend always drinks margaritas on the rocks no salt. They girl that took our order did not make his drink which made me think she didn't know how... When he got it, it had salt and so she remade it.... The 2nd one came and it was made with grapefruit juice... And the part that kills me is that she knew she had used grapefruit and still served it! So now upon getting his 3rd drink... We grabbed a table in the dining area since the asu game was on the big tv... Still kept getting margs made with grapefruit, wings were ok... I dont think waste my money here...
3	Had wings for lunch today. The garlic parmesan is definitely the favorite out of the three flavors we tried. It was really just average on the food and service. The waitress was kind enough but they were slow in seating and serving. The prices are pretty good.. not as expensive as payton's place but I don't see them making it unless they create a little more excitement.
4	Just had a late lunch and a beer today. Food was very very good! Wings and burger and fries were delish! Waitress acted like it was her first day. Maybe it was? KNOW YOUR BEERS if you're a server, study the menu or write it down and put it in your pocket! All in all we will go back for the food!
4	This is a great neighborhood bar and grill.  This restaurant used to be Payton's Place, and the same owners remodeled and opened Cogburn's under a new concept as a "Big Wing" restaurant.  Payton's Place always had great wings, and with more flavors added to the menu under Cogburn's, the wings are now excellent!!!  My only complaint is that you cannot order multiple flavors.  You have to order in increments of 5, and you can't get the 10 wing or 15 wing discount if you order 2 or 3 different flavors.  It doesn't cost them any more to toss the wings in a couple of different sauces instead of just one, so it doesn't seem right that they won't give you the discount.  At Native New Yorker, if you order a dozen wings, you can get every flavor they have at same price.  Outside of the inability to order different wing flavors, this place is great and I will be back.
4	Yelp filtered my last review, not sure why.  My review is legit.  Go to filtered reviews to get my take on Cogburn's.
1	Stopped into Cogburn's for their New Years Eve party and to see our friends band play for the night. The services wasn't bad at the beginning of the night, and the wings were great. As the night went on the service got worse and several of the servers seemed to getting drunk with one ending up spilling champagne on us and the people next to us. When we cashed out, we got one bill with the correct charge on it, later to find out by checking our online banking that we were charged TWICE, once for the correct amount and then a second time for a much larger incorrect amount. Friends of our that were there the same night had the same issue of being double and over charged and even had items on their bills that they didn't order. We called in about our double charge and were told it was a mistake and the transaction was voided for us, but it is still unresolved and hasn't been refunded. Our friend on the other hand was not told it was voided or a mistake for their incorrect charges. Shady business, wouldn't recommend it to anyone. You can get great wings without the hassle elsewhere.
4	So.. I was skeptical because the reviews on here aren't so nice. But I promised myself that from now on, when I have a good experience, I'd talk about it. We decided to get some takeout tonight.  Since I just got the coupon Cogburns sent out in that coupon pack in the mail, we figured we'd try them out. Pretty much the only way it's going to happen since our three girls aren't exactly thrilled to hang out at what is basically a bar. Called it in and the girl was super nice. I ordered 10 hot wings, 10 mild with light sauce, an order of the french fries, extra ranch and a dr. pepper. My husband picked it up and reports that not one, but 3 people talked with him to make sure he was being taken care of (better than Buffalo Bills Wild Wings btw.. where you can wait about an hour for takeout and people ignore you). So not only did they not forget the soda (which most every restaurant DOES when you ask for one for takeout), but they remember the extra ranch and that one was supposed to be light sauce. The wings themselves were a bit spicier than I like. Not their fault, I'm just a wimp. The wings were meaty and flavorful. Maybe a bit saltier than needed. I should have ordered bbq. I'm just such a wimp when it comes to spice. My hubby says his wings were delicious, he likes spicy! The fries were very very good! I'm not normally a huge fan of those 'fresh cut" style fries, but these were tasty. They put a couple tubs of ketchup in with the fries, so it wasn't cold ketchup, which I appreciate. Nothing like using cold ketchup on hot food. But the thing I love is that I didn't eat any of the fries until I'd finished my wings and while they weren't hot, they were still darned good. Not soggy, or hard at all. Still mildly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. So all in all, when we're craving wings we'll be back. I don't normally write reviews.. it's hard to find time. But this place has been skewered with bad reviews lately, and I wanted to throw my experience is there as a positive review, for both the food and the service. Trying to support the local places..
4	My golfing buddies and I had been to Peyton's place, and we were surprised when we found out the name had changed. We went there for lunch and most of us ordered the wings while a couple other of the guys ordered sandwiches. Everyone in our group of 12 was extremely happy with the service and the food. Understand we went for a late lunch, ~2:00. The business was not busy at that time, waitress was friendly and food arrived hot and fairly quickly considering the size of our group. We will be going back!
4	Went to Cogburns last night for wings and I would say they have improved from our initial visit.  Garlic Parmesan wings are our favorite.  They seemed to be relatively busy but no wait (it was a Thursday night).  My only complaint would be it is a little loud with the TV volume competing with the music volume. :)
2	Let me start off by saying that I really like their raspberry chipotle wings. The service, however, is less than par; it's hot and cold with their bartenders. I live relatively close to the bar so I'm in there a few times a month and I always enjoy a cold beer and wings but most of the time we arrive at the bar we are not greeted promptly and when we are it's a "what did you want" kind of attitude. The food/beer alone do not make a bar, it is the service/atmosphere. If they would hire on people that knew how to communicate with customers and not look less than happy to be there, I think this would be a great place. (I will say that the guy that works there behind the bar and also does some serving is always really nice. The majority of this review is about the girls that are tending the bar.)
2	I took my wife and two children here last night after soccer practice to grab a bite to eat.  We were greeted immediately and seated right away, even though they appeared to be super busy with the NCAA Tourney on TV.  Then we sat.....and sat....and sat.  Finally, a server came over to take our drink orders.  My wife asked if they had a beer list and was told "no."  Then she asked what was on tap.  The response:  22 different beers.  No elaboration.  My wife had to get up, walk towards the bar to see the tap handles, and then back to the table to put in her order.  We also asked for an order of mozzarella sticks to hold the kids over until our meals came.  Then we sat some more...probably another 15 minutes or so before she came back to take our meal order.After 40 minutes of waiting for the mozzerella sticks, I flagged down our server and politely asked if there was any sign of those mozzerella sticks.  She snapped back at me "the kitchen is slammed, they are backed up with orders, and they'll be out as soon as they're ready."  Then she walked away.  Shortly after, two kitchen servers came out with our entrees.  No mozzarella sticks.  I doubt our server ever went to actually check on them.  Who knows...maybe she forgot to put the order in altogether.  Regardless, no apology from anyone regarding the blunder.It's too bad the service here stinks, because the food was great!  I had an assortment of wings which were meaty and sauced perfectly, and the garlic parmesean was fantastic!  Way better than Native New Yorker IMO.  My wife had the Southwestern Burger and fries which were also very good, and the kids had the Pony Burger and the mini corndogs.  They both cleaned their plates, so that says something right there.We might go back and give this place a second chance with a different server.  But based on the negative reviews on service already, and the scowels I saw on other servers' faces, I'm not holding my breath that it will be any better.Tip to the owner:  Hiring hot girls certainly adds an element of eye candy to your establishment, but if they can't do the job, people will eventually stop paying you to see what they can get for free on the web.  Just sayin'.
5	Real chicken wings!!?! After eating fitty cent wings that don't taste like chicken these wings this place gives me hope. The wings taste like chicken and they make their own sauces.
4	We weren't there with the family for some wings.  It was really loud. Hard to spend quality time with the family.  The wings were great. We tried four different sauces.  You can taste the homemade in them very good. Even the fries were good. I thought the staff was good. One of the "investors" stopped by to make sure  we were doing good. Next time I am leaving the kids at home.
3	Took the advice of another reviewer and ordered the rasberry chipolte wings which were really tasty...sounds like a variety of their wings are good.  And yes, the bartenders laziness and lack of personality was a real downer.  It's not good to be sarcastic when someone in your group orders water, then to wait for menu's to only be told they would have been brought to us, not true.  May go back sometime and try other wings but isn't urgent on my list.
1	I finally reached my last straw with this place. A few weekends ago there was a crowd there that the staff was obviously not happy about sitting at the bar (which is completely normal at ANY bar)! It was midnight.. that means dealing with drunk people. As a business, you are not always going to like your customers or want them to stay there all night, but punishing the customers there that were not apart of that group is downright wrong. Instead of kicking out the trouble makers, they decided to shut the entire bar down early. Sorry, that's just not how you operate a business. Good luck to them trying to run a bar like that.
3	I missed Payton's place. The service for Cogburns isn't as good at all. Seems to me like wings recipe has changed also. I understand the food price has gone up so they have to keep up with the price which I don't mind paying a little extra for good wings. But the hot wings aren't nearly as hot anymore. Thursday wings price is only good for dine-in only.
2	This review is being written after several visits at various times. This is a fair place for grabbing a bite to eat. There are definite areas that can be improved upon.  The reviews here at yelp are like a roller coaster.  There is somewhat of a theme "western with Sexy Cowgirls"; but then there is I want to be a biker bar twist.  I like the "Sexy Cowgirl and the owner should focus on that theme. The girls like to visit "the regulars", not the new Customers, they get lost in conversation and seem upset because they have to serve someone else besides their regular Customer (who knows that person could become a regular customer).The owner does this to, he'll walk right by new Customer's to talk to regulars and not even as much as a quick stop to say hi and see if everything was good. This place with some tweaks with the menu and product and the overall attitude of the staff this place could be an awesome destination for the many potential new Customers. Changed the name of the place, dressed the staff different but left a few crumbs on the table that if taken care of could be a good destination for a nice burger and/or wings. And of course an exlir of your choosing.
1	After furniture shopping all day we decided to stop in to try something new. It was more disappointing than the shopping. This place boasts about the biggest "Wings". Disappointment doesn't even begin to describe these. I'm  pretty sure they opened a bag of frozen Great Value Brand & served us. Albertsons Deli serves better wings!! The Cajun chicken salad was just as bad. I think the cook (can't  call him/her a chef)  marinated the chicken in salt. I spit it out in my napkin. Service was ok but the show is pretty much what you go for.as the hubby said its strip club atmosphere at a sports bar. Don't care what's going on around the game just want good food & this is defiantly not the place.
4	5 stars for the food because the wings were awesome and they have a decent selection of brews  on tap. Anyone who's been to Tucson and know Wings over Broadway would agree that it's hard to find anything that can compare but I think Cogburns is close. 1 star for service. I hate to outright bash service but the girls here were dumb as rocks and had no personality. It was really disappointing. Seems to be the trend..... Good food, bad serviceI have to imagine as a newer place the service will get better so I will be back!
1	Sports bars are my thing I have my favorites but tonight I met some friends here....We were there to watch the UFC fight so just about every table was packed but they need to plan for that cause in the 2 hours I was there I only seen the waitress 3 times. Our table was about to leave without paying cause the fight was over and still waiting for our waitress to come to our table. Rewind........My friends were sitting upstairs and had already ate some food so I didnt get a chance to taste before I ordered my own. I ordered 15 wings that were not too pricey and I ordered them "HOT" when the wings came I want to say that they were "Honey BBQ" or maybe "Honey HOT" def not a hot sauce. I have learned never send food back on a busy night.....use your imagination. I ate cause I was hungry, less than 40 mins later my stomach was bubbling like crazy and I need to use the rest room 4 times over the next 10 hours. They must have something in their chicken or old greese but these wings did not agree with me. The TVs there are also some no name brand which is ok if you plan to fill a bar with them but the one we were sitting next to had red spots, sparkles, burn in....it just made my eyes water. This is my first and last trip to this bar, left a bad taste in my mouth and many trips to the bathroom.
2	This place gets one big MEH. The food was okay, but it was just food.
4	This is a great place for wings. Its a great place to watch a game. The servers are always friendly. If I go to a sports bar, I wanna see and hear sports. I don't wanna hear country music all the time. Its been awhile since I've heard their awesome sound system during a big game. I'm not a big UFC guy, but I love traditional sports. This place is fun, but has potential for even more.
5	This place is horrible...I just love their Nachos & Big A$$ wings. This is a must go, at least once to see how good it is. I said it was horrible earlier because it can't be good on the diet...oh well, everyone gets a cheat day.
1	not good, stay away
1	Trust me when I say that the Jack-in-the-box across the street would serve you better than this place. First the perks which won the ONE star i so generously gave: TVs...and alcohol...and decent food. Maybe I am being a little harsh but someone has to be out of their mind to serve outdoor patio dining with absolutely no fans, misters, etc. The top floor is just as hot... and Don't be surprised if the table still has a mess from previous customers. I am astonished it is lasting longer than Payton's place with the terrible service. The one good-looking and friendly waitress there has moved on as I heard through the grape vine amongst the drama-thirsty, unmotivated and rude girls who somehow made it through the application process, which is why I won't be going back.
4	Visited 8/3/13We were hesitant after reviewing several of the review. Quite frankly, the last time we thought about going we changed our minds after we read the reviews. But in a search for chicken wings, we thought we would risk it.We were pleasantly surprise!!  The winds came out hot and fresh. They were large and meaty, not fatty.  We had three different orders, Parmesan Garlic, Honey Hot, and straight Medium.  We also ordered house salads which was a nice change with candied walnuts and apples.  I would change to the Balsamic dressing next time.It does seem to be a trend that places are charging more for Ranch Dressing?  Small little container and only two came out with a order of three sets of wings.  Does Ranch Dressing really cost that much that a chicken wing place cannot supply a nice portion with the wings???Overall, I we were pleased.  Will likely return and hope to get the same fresh order of wings next time.
5	My husband and I really like this place. They have a great beer selection for him and I can get my lovely cocktails. The food is great too so we go there for the happy hour and stay for the drinks.Definitely stop by and try it!
2	Really terrible customer serviceWalked up with a friend on a "busy" Saturday night (no wait at the door, but no open tables). The 3 hostesses stood there staring at us - no "Hi", no "Welcome to Cogburns"... nothing. I said "hi, there's 2 of us" and she said "We're full. You can check outside". That was my first clue on their bad service. We ended up sitting outside, under their misters which spewed so much water that we literally had to drag our heavy table to the other end of the patio because our hair, clothes, and even our menus were getting soaked. The waitress watched us dragging our table and didn't offer to help or even comment on the situation. She checked on us during our stay a fair amount until the end of the night came. We sat with empty glasses and plates for almost 20 minutes before she came by to see if we wanted anything else. Then it took another 10 minutes to bring the bill (the place was empty by this point in the night). Then, after waiting 10 minutes with our credit cards on the table, I had to take them inside myself to try and find the waitress. Aaaaand where did I find her? Just inside the door talking to a friend loudly about a relationship issue she was having. She looked at me like I was being rude asking her to run my credit card. My note to the owners of Cogburns: talk to your young staff members about the importance of customer service. Decent food will only get you so far. There are several other bars I'm the East Valley with equal or better food quality with customer service that surpasses what your staff is offering. The 2nd star was given for the wings. They were nice and crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The raspberry chipotle sauce was tasty.
1	2nd time here in a row for the UFC fights. Sitting on the patio with 3 girls working, and not a single one asks if they can get me a drink in almost 2 hours. I'm use to a $100 bar bill when I go watch the fights, but now I just drink before I come and don't have to worry about them taking any of my money.
4	I really like this place. Nothing crazy but it's a local bar for sure. We come here a few times a month and I've always left happy. My friends in the East Valley come here for pizza and wings all the time so whenever I visit, this is where we end up. They always have consistent food and drink specials and tons of sports on tv. My girlfriends and I gravitate towards the touchtunes throughout the night and dance (nothing close to a night club but the music is loud and we have fun!) The food is good, dollar bills on the walls, country/rock vibe, and a nice patio with no smoking.. but too far from my home. Maybe they will open one closer to Phoenix.
1	If you drink a certain alcoholic beverage all your life you know what it should taste like!!  Two times now we have gone to Cogburns for drinks and they didn't taste right.  We spoke to the waitress and told her this doesn't taste like absolute,  she said "I have never seen anyone pour anything else in the absolute bottle"!  Really that's your first thought?  No proof but there alcohol does not taste like what should be in the bottle and you still get charged for what it should be!  Pretty sure this is illegal!!   It's to bad because we can walk there from our house.  Owner your responsible!!  Please stop this!!  Had to give a star rating but I tried to give zero for them being shady!I guess after reading all the bad reviews I haves wasted my time posting!  The owner obviously doesn't care because nothing has changed!!
5	Good food, great patio, wings are awesome. We live close by and this is a great neighborhood bar. Doesnt have that "chain" bar feel like native or buffalo wild. Just a great local hangout. Lots of beer on tap and friendly and knowledgable bartenders.
1	BAD BAD BAD!!! Need I honestly say more?? Bad service and bad wings!! What else would I go for?!?!? Wings taste like the Kroger brand hot sauce. Do yourself a favor and go to Native New Yorker.
5	I'm not sure why there are so many bad reviews, especially about the service. A bunch of us went there to see a UFC fight and the placed was packed! There weren't any tables left but their front patio (they have 2 patios, the front one is smoke free) had a lot of space for standing. The waitress saw us standing, took our order, and offered to find us bar stools, as well. She was very attentive and great. Nonetheless, we put our name in for a table inside since we still had a few more friends coming. The hostess informed us that getting a table may not happen but that they will try. Sure enough 30 minutes later a table opened up and we were seated. The outside waitress was amazing and closed us out and transferred us without any problems or attitude. The inside waitress was great, too! She saw that we were a pretty big group and we tend to be somewhat demande, yet fun, so she had a second waitress to wait on us. Our beers never sat empty and the two of them were very very attentive and a lot of fun. And the food was excellent!This place is great and located in a location that needs more of these kinds of places. Please give them a chance if you are in the neighborhood. I can't wait to go back!
2	I meet a friend here for a business lunch. Probably not a good location choice.  It was poorly lit and the music was rather loud. I felt like I have to talk REALLY loud.  We ordered nachos and it arrived to the table dripping in Chili. They were so nasty tasting that neither of us could eat them. This may be a decent place to watch a sports game and grab a drink however it certainly is not a lunch spot!!!
1	So I went to Cogburns last night to have a drink after working to check it out around 10PM.  My bar/grill of choice has typically been Native New Yorker, but Cogburns is so close that I wanted to see if this could be a good alternative for watching the UFC fights with my buddies.  When u went in the bartender was too preoccupied in her conversation with the one waitress there that I had to sit there for 15 minutes before I was acknowledged.  Once acknowledged she apologized because she did not see me...duh you were too busy not paying attention!  So I get a draft, finish it up and want to have one more before closing my tab.  Once again I sat there with an empty mug for another 10 minutes while I wait for her to finish her obviously intense conversation with her coworker.  I think the words customer service do not apply at this place.
1	Been here four times and each time the service has SUCKED! Unless you're a nasty old guy who tips these middle aged has-beens for their fake boobs, you don't get served in a reasonable amount of time. Save your time and buy a six pack to drink at home. You'll get it faster and colder!!
5	Went there for the first time this week. place was packed.  Thursday is 40 cent wings and 2.00 dollar landsharks. how do you go wrong with that. Sarina greeted us at the door and got us a table and we were off to drink beer and have some wings. service was good, food was good, drinks were also good. A few too many kids running around for my liking. feel a little like chuckie cheese but wasn't a big deal. wanted to sit in the bar but full of people. I also don't understand the bad reviews. if it sucks so much, why is the placed packed at 9pm on a Thursday night?
3	Truly great wings but slow and spotty service.  Some waitresses are great.  Others are so bad they must have been hired solely because they are young and look good in shorts.  Have been there when they had no napkins and it  can take 40 minutes to get a burger.  This is why the reviews here are bipolar.  One day they earn a 5.  The next day a 1.  It's like Russian Roulette and it shows in these reviews.Lots of potential but needs better management.  They don't do takeout on 40 cent wing day (Thurs) so you are stuck going inside and hoping for a good waitress and adequate staffing.  Never go here for lunch if you are on a schedule.  You could be in and out in 30 minutes or walking out frustrated in 70.The wings are awesome, though.
1	Came into this relatively empty place. Had lots of tvs and a good vibe. I sat down and got a beer...that's where it went south. The servers are not pleasant and are very inattentive.  I asked how the tacos were ($1 on Tuesdays) and the sever looked at me and said, "they're tacos". Got blue cheese when I asked for ranch. Couldn't beg them for a second beer, had to go up to the bar to get it.  Yes, they are pretty servers. I hope you enjoy your $1 tip on a $40 bill beautiful.
1	Went to try place for first time with family to watch Baylor game.  Hostess walked us by four open booths and two tables to try to sit us in the corner on a four top table.  I explained that I really want to watch the Baylor game and my family would be more comfortable at one of the open booths.  The hostess the said  " well, the waitresses are seated in a rotation." Implying she has to seat the next waitress section.  I understand the server rotation working in restraunts most of my younger days, but if a family wanted a specific area they are usually sat there and the rotation can be adjusted.So I straight up said, " well, we don't want to sit here." Pointing at the table shes trying to sit us at.  I showed her the TVs the Baylor game was on, so then she says, "how bout if I sit you guys over there," pointing at another table which is smaller with only a view of one TV with the Baylor game on and where the table was at it would be like watching a movie from the front row, except instead of a movie screen its a 40 inch TV 8' above.  Basically the worse view of a TV that you could honestly pick.  I was not in the mood to have a discussion over just getting a table because I was already very annoyed.  So I looked at my kids and said "let's go.". I understand if the place was full then you get what you get, but there were so many open booths and other tables.  If I can't get basic customer service when trying to ask for a certain area (with open tables) to watch a game I don't even want to see how the rest of the service is.  By looking at the reviews of this place on yelp I am not surprised at all.  Next time I will go to blu 32, uncle bears, tailgater's,  zipps, chili's or native new yorker which are all your competitors in your area and I will never step on your place again.
5	Love this food,  best burger I have ever had,  we also had wings,  outstanding and reasonable prices. ...
2	This is the second time we've been to Cogburns and there have been open seats/booths and were told it would be a wait. Well, tonight we were told we could hang out in the bar area and just "Wait" for something to open.... Completely disappointed and not at all professional. Now I still have them two stars, because we've been there more then this, overall, the service Isn't horrible and the food is actually pretty good. I'm just hoping their hostess staff could get it together and been moreHelpful and inviting. There aren't a lot of joints like this where we live, and we do go out of our way for Cogburns, I just hope this doesn't happen a third time...
1	Before handing the waitress my card, we went over what my family had. I got my receipt and handed the waitress my card to pay. Then, Random food items got charged to my card. I did bring to their attention that they incorrectly charged my card.They gave acknowledgement this was done with intention. I guess they thought I wouldn't catch it. The staff can not be trusted and for this, We will never be back.
1	Went to this place to try to find a new watering hole. Our bartender was not inviting. It seemed like only the regulars received hospitality. She seemed to be in a very important conversation with the "Local Biker Boys". We received our check, and there were charges on there that we didn't make. On top of everything, I left my sunglasses there. I called and talked to a waitress, and she said that she would put them up for me, so that I could get them. When I went back, they couldn't find them. They must've gave them to one of the regulars. I would give this place a 0 star rating, but that was not an option. Save your money and go to somewhere else worth while. I've been to dive bars with better service.
1	Would have been nice to have a drink after an 8 hour shift tonight. Instead I wasted my time going to Cogburns. I arrived at about 12:30am, music was still going strong and there was a little crowd in the bar area. There was no bartender behind the bar cause she was hanging out at a table with friends. I walked in and waited at the bar for a good 10 minutes before someone out of the kitchen came by and said "oh she will be right with you". HA... No one came by for another 5 minutes.. (Horrible Service)... So I walked out. Im not asking for much, just maybe a drink. This wasnt the first time, but surely the last time I go to Cogburns.
