4	Isn't it simply lovely to be in the beginning stages of someone liking you and you liking them (I REFUSE to say the "r" word...)! It's even better  when you leave them for the weekend for a rather impromtu Vegas weekend with four of your most FAB gf's, and he calls ahead to get you WYNN SPA TREATMENTS. I think my heart just fluttered thinking about that. Clearly, the way to a woman's heart is not through her stomach (gross) or booze (mmm, except some Moet White Star...) or toys (read:good vibs) but actually by throwing some change down and getting her pampered. After a typical ridic evening in Vegas (see Libby L.'s earlier review for the dets), a spa treatment was seriously a god-send. Unfortunately, the process to obtaining said spa treatment was anything but.Mystery Man #107 (yeah go with it, but don't assume its THAT number--I'm sooo less than half, don't worry, boys and girls) called ahead and had an 80 minute massage booked for me at 11 am on Saturday, complete with a male masseuse since apparently "I like strong hands," as #107 proclaimed. Hmm, sure. So when two of us roll in to our 54th floor room at 6 am, I discovered the importance of phones in the potty: you can use them when everyone else is asleep in the other room! Sweet! Quickly dial downstairs, the spa is already open, and I ask to reschedule to a more bearable time. The woman gladly fixes it for me, but unfortunately only has a 50 minute window massage, would I like another spa treatment to accompany it with my remaining balance? YES. So no probs, got 1 pm massage, and a 2 pm facial.  Sweets.But the sucky part is rolling my ass out of bed at 11:30 am (read:hangover), tripping over my darling girls' heels and eyelashes that are like everywhere (apparently these are simply GIANT eyelashes), to go downstairs into the casino to the "Box Office" to pick up my gift card thingy, because they can't just keep it at the spa. Dude. Not cool. I have to go back THREE TIMES for them to have it, and just make it to my massage on time.[This is already becoming a journal/blog (see Libb's great idea: http://www.yelp.com/biz/blog-feature-on-yelp-san-francisco#hrid:Wf8U4bruJrR1tbdzbJY1sQ) so refer also to her beautious description of the spa below]So the massage def receives 5 stars, the woman was spectacular. I have super sore forearms (read:S Factor) and she gave them special love per request. I felt simply amazing afterwards. And when I stumbled out of the haven of her massage room, I was able to see L, K, and V sitting happily in the jacuzzi room. It's so wonderful to pamper with others, isn't it? The facial is 4 stars, 1 minus for the fact that my nose was peeling for 2 weeks afterwards. Boo! But during the process, it was wonderful. She told me I took great care of my skin (high-five!) and to keep it up. My mother would be so proud. But with the massage all of ten minutes prior, and another dark room with cucs on the lids and gooey stuff all over, I'm afraid that I totally napped, right in the middle of facial (read:embarrassment). Opps. It just felt so good, and I was so relaxed! But luckily I don't think she knew, and it was only for a few minutes. So for lucky #107 to do all of that, he made me rather happy. Let all potential numbers (read:men) know that a great way to treat a girl/worship her bod/impress her friends and mother/make her feel special is to do that. Otherwise, ladies, why even bother keeping them around?
3	In a nutshell, the common areas of this spa are too small.  It wasn't very crowded when I was there but I like more space.  The decor is nice, very contemporary, earth tones and the like.  Use of the spa is free or "comped" as they say if you have a treatment. Me and a friend had facials that were very good.  The area you are escorted to for your treatments is very spacious and luxurious.My big complaint was one of the women at the check in desk was anything but nice.  She was unpleasant when we checked in, (looked like she turned her nose up at us) didn't give us eye contact or say anything like "enjoy" or you know, what they say to you before you enter a spa.  It stuck with me as I'm not accustomed to that kind of behavior in a spa.  I decided to tell the manager my experience before I left the spa around 5pm.  She was very apologetic and offered a comp treatment.  I declined as I was leaving the next day.  I would go back if I were staying there as I'm a spa-girl, but doubt I will.
4	I am not a Wynn or a spa type of person by any means of the imagination.  Up until I was about fifteen all I knew of Las Vegas was the Circus Circus trailer park where my parents parked our camper while they went to gamble away my college savings and I was left feeding the chipmunks that lived in the bushes, tossing them palomitas de maiz from a giant tin of 6-year-old Christmas popcorn (three flavors).But I digress.Compared to the spa at Mandalay Bay, I feel like the one at the Wynn is better kept up, warmer, and cozier.  For $30 you get access to the gym, showers, sauna, eucalyptus steam room, jacuzzi and plunge pools, and one of those drenching shower things that the kids seem to enjoy nowadays.  The amenities include all your toiletries, fluffy robe, spa sandals, iced towels, regular towels, bottled water, fresh fruit, coffee, tea, ice water, lots of magazines and newspapers, and headphones for the workout machines.  There is a nice chillout room with a T.V., couches, and fireplace.  The staff is nice, not too chirpy, which is good.As someone else mentioned in the reviews here, if you just want to work out, having to pay $30 is annoying as hell.  But if you allow yourself some time to enjoy the facilities, it's a nice treat overall.  I've been here three times, at different times of the day and evening, on weekdays and weekends, and it never seems to get particularly crowded.  So enjoy.
5	Like any self-respecting straight male spa reviewer, I should preface by caveatting that I don't purport to be an aficionado. In fact, the only other spas I've visited lately are in the Norwegian mountains, where my brethren have the brave, you'll-be-seeing-spots-inducing habit of diving into the snow after after a long sauna.I used to leave Vegas Sundays midday, like most other dehydrated, decimated weekend warriors. One visit to the Wynn spa, and now I'm a convert to recuperating in-country rather than back in the Bay Area. The hot tub, deluge shower, stream room, sauna and lounge are a killer quint-fecta -- 2 rotations around in the span of 2 1/2 hours mid-afternoon will feel just about right. Shower and head straight to the airport.If you're prone to spa boredom, grab the Sunday Times magazine on the way over to the hot tub -- I had the pleasure of reading Peter Singer's cogent argument for providing and rationing public health care (http://www.nytimes.com/2009/07/19/magazine/19healthcare-t.html?pagewanted=all).Skylight over the hot tub is genius in the summer.Not over-crowded, but maybe that's the business cycle.Sorry, no idea about the treatments.Go with the Encore Spa if you're looking for an underground palace, Wynn Spa for a cozy den a la Narnia. Slightly different amenities.PS: Was not surprised to see the legendary Libby L. lauded in a review of this fine, appropriately Mobil 5-Starred establishment.PPS: Tim Ash, could you please give someone a talking-to about the icons you have to chase around the screen like whack-a-mole?! (www.wynnlasvegas.com)
5	Really good place to relax after enjoying the night life or a whole day of shopping. Also a good place for person like me to enjoy the time when husband is enjoying gamble. The place is very quite and comfortable, service is very good. I always make a reservation in ahead of time, and I believe reservation is required. You can definitely find out all the info. in the room. I highly recommend you get the 90 minutes or longer for message. Because 60 minutes are just seems too short in pace like Vegas. I would also recommend a facial alone with message since being in hotel all the time, the skin could get really dry and uncomfortable even for people from a dry place like Reno.
5	Amazing service along with an amazing massage! My 2 girlfriends and I came here in November for a nice 50 min massage and a long soak in their heated, jet pool. We were all promptly greeted and showed to our lockers. I have to say the facilities are minimal compared to Encore's Spa. However, it was still very nice in it's own right. My masseues did a fantastic job working out the kinks in the my back and neck. Next thing I knew, the 50 min were up and I was getting the boot. SO relaxing and comfortable. My 2 girlfriends really enjoyed their massages too.We then went to the heated pool area and soaked in it for a good hour. I think our cackling and chatting unnerved the other woman with us because she promptly left as we joined her. Oh well, better for us! We were very relaxed and pamperd there. Can't wait to come back! Actually, I would rather go the Encore's Spa...
4	My expectations: Great looking masseuse. Brunette, cute smile with firm hands!Reality: The Hulk. 6'4 240 pounds, brown hair......, freakishly hairy, high pitched voice.All in all, he was very professional but his hair (on his forearm) that rubbed against my back distracted me from my imaginary island getaway.
5	Gorgeous spa, with swanky spa ammenities while you wait for your treatment. My massage was Amazing!!
4	A few years ago, during a brief lapse from my policy of steering clear of hotbeds of affected snobbery, I had a fabulous pedicure at the Wynn spa. I sobered up and got right back on my anti-poseur track... but the memory of this pedi has haunted me ever since, because it was REALLY good.  The toenail polish didn't chip for months, and my calluses were all magically dissolved.  I've been secretly wanting to go back and get another one, but the damn thing costs $95 and I'm broke!But today, after three miserable freezing days standing in the rain at the homebuilders' convention, I finally creaked open my wallet and went back.  And boy howdy was it ever worth it!  The pedi itself wasn't that remarkable -- nothing they did was really any different from a strip-mall nail salon, although they did serve me hot drinks and the atmo was swanky as hell.  But when I checked out, I found that locals get a discount on spa services, which in the case of a pedi amounted to 50%!  Sweeeeeeeet.In addition, use of the spa facilities was included, so I spent an extra hour and a half steaming, baking, soaking and lounging around researching sex tips in Cosmo (theyr'e always telling you to put a finger up his butt) by the fireplace in the chill room.  Good times!  I'm not a huge spa-er, but I've been to a few (including Qua at Caesars) and this was definitely the nicest.  Not huge, but very luxe and hushed, with all the ususal spa amenities, including bowls of iced cucumber slices and drinking water steeped in orange slices.  Little classy touches.. ya know, the attention to detail Steve Wynn is known for.  Staff was quiet and friendly, everything was immaculately clean, and the decor was Saks-Zen-chic.But basically, the reason I'm giving this spa 4 stars is, as a local I felt it was a really good deal.  $50 for a 1-hour pedicure and use of the spa is a real bargain!  Local ladies -- run, don't walk!
5	The spa and salon at the Wynn is by far my favorite on the Strip.  The spa itself is beautiful, spacious, and very private.  Great hot tub and sauna.I had a body scrub treatment, which was absolutely amazing.  Unlike every other body scrub I've had at various Strip spas, there was no showering, no being drenched in water, etc.  The scrub was massaged on, then massaged off, and then there was a massage with lotion.  And the therapist was wonderful.The pedicures at the salon are also some of the best I've had in all of Vegas.  The foot tubs are spacious and immaculate, the massage chairs are great, there's sheer curtains for privacy, etc.And for hair color, there is no one better in Vegas than Gianni at the Wynn salon.  When I didn't live in Vegas, I would still travel back to Vegas so Gianni could color my hair.
5	I really, really love this spa. The place is so clean and lush. Everything feels of comfort and extravagance at the same time. Their services are ok to book even if not a guest at the Wynn. For those that are actually staying at the casino, it's an additional $35ish/day "spa fee" above the base hotel fare. What that translates to is a very impressive and large spa area, complete with separate and co-ed sections, but not a lot of people crowding into it. For treatments, they offer an assortment of massages, body scrubs/rubs, and facials. For those wanting that fake sun-kissed look, they even offer airbrush tanning. Cheapest thing on the menu is $85 for 20-minute "Bamboo Lemongrass Body Polish". Others easily go up to $250 for 80 minute treatments. There are also a small selection of 4 treatments geared specifically for men. I got a custom facial ($150 for 50 min) and the bamboo lemongrass body polish ($85 for 20 min) while my wingman chose from his side of the menu. I enjoyed both my treatments and the ladies didn't mind to be as talkative or quiet as I wanted. However my favorite part was just being able to lounge and enjoy the spa for the remainder of the day. They have a beautiful large hottub underneath a large circular skylight. Perfect for soaking legs aching from the previous night's combination of 4 1/2" stiletto heels and club-hopping. Their dry and steam sauna were also really clean and relaxing. There were plenty of clean towels ready for use, the robes were fluffy and soft, and the shower area, a huge tiled semi-circle of shower stalls were fun to wash up in. A great place to unwind for a couple of hours and feel like a thousand bucks. Some even brought a book to read near the hottub and took naps on the sofas.
5	{Review of the Men's Spa}If you're tired of walking up and down the strip, want to getaway from the heat or simply have lost all your money, The Spa at the Wynn has to be one of the best places to chill for a good 3+ hours.  It costs $30/day or $75 for 3-days, which gets you into the fitness center and spa.  I got the 3-day pass, which you don't have to use for consecutive days.In the spa, there's a lounge area with a flat screen, a fireplace and a refreshment station of beverages and fruit but if you want any juices, they have some behind the counter.  Two different locker areas, one is more out in the open next to the lounge and the other is kind of tucked away, not that it matters,  as the staff assigns whatever is available.  The sink area with just about every single bath amenity you can think of and the toilets are all located in a separate room  The showers are private stalls with frosted glass.  Sauna and Steam Room are spacious and clean.  The hot tub area is the epitome of the spa.  In addition to the hot tub, there are two cold plunges, which are not too cold, and two deluge showers...which if you can imagine a firehose amount of water pouring down on you in a glass stall.  You can sit down or stand up while in there, although if you sit, the water hits you really hard but feels awesome on your back.  Just be sure to cover your junk just in case you lean back a little too far.The staff is pretty awesome, then again, come on, it's the freakin Wynn!  They're way attentive, keeping the spa clean and periodically offering a beverage if you're just lounging.  Props out to the spa staff, especially my boy Patrick, who damn made me feel like I was Prince every time I came in.I didn't get a massage this time around but, I know I'll have a future chance during my next escapade to Vegas!
1	Picture it, Las Vegas - 2010. It was my wedding day and I was off to the salon to get my hair and make-up done. Since the salon reminded me of my appointment twice and each time told me I HAD to be early, I made sure I was there 15 minutes before my appointment. When I arrived I had a wait a few minutes until there was time for someone to greet me and then I was escorted over to the make-up area. I should have known it was about to all go downhill when I saw the make-up artist had dark lip liner w/ nude lipstick. When I sat down in the chair she immediately started putting foundation on my face without one single comment to me about what style of make-up, what colors, what my overall look will be, etc. No consultation at all - just right to it. I had to try and stop her a a few times to tell her what I wanted but it didn't seem to matter since she did the make-up exactly how she wanted and not at all what I requested. I was bronzed and glittered to high heaven, I had raccoon eyes. I did NOT get my request which was a classy retro look with light false eyelashes and a ruby red lip. In fact, no lashes at all and a coral lip. I was trying to chill out as I walked back to the waiting area because it is only make-up and although I paid $100 w/ tip for that horrific service, I know I would have time to fix it on my own once I was back to my room. So now I am waiting for my up-do so I can be on my way to have dinner before the wedding. And time passes and more time passes. After 20 minutes of being entirely ignored, I was finally offered something to drink. After another 20 minutes, I was offered a magazine (because there is nothing in waiting area to look at). By this time, I was trying really hard to not start sobbing in the middle of the salon because I knew the rest of the evening would be a rush thanks to this hold up. If there had been time for me to go anywhere else, I would have left. Finally after an hour of waiting, the lady was available to do my hair. Now, the girl who did my up-do was really friendly and specifically worked really fast to try and get my out of there and onto the rest of my evening. She was the ONLY good thing about this experience. I cannot blame her in the least, since it was obvious they booked as many appointments as they could with as few stylists working as possible. In fact, I believe she was the only stylist. A myriad of colorists were just hanging around starring at me but she was the only one who was constantly working the entire time I was there. Anyway, when I left I was entirely unhappy and it was so upsetting that I really wanted to check out of Wynn altogether. Thankfully my then husband to be was being extra precious and I was happy again soon enough. NEVER GO TO THIS SALON! All in all, I spent $250 to cry and be unhappy.
4	Fully body massage!!I woke up on the wrong side of the bed and found myself stiff in the neck and unable to move. I called the spa right away and the put me in right then and there. I had excellent service! Setting: People working there are very friendly and welcoming!Couple couches in the front desk. Lockers are provided for your staySauna (Wet and Dry)Showers that give you room to dry offDrinks provided by the hostOne big hot tub Long hallway for message roomsMessage: silky smooth sheets, just like butter. The person that I had (forgot her name) had worked at the Wynn for 3 years. She did a great job in targeting my neck and shoulder where I was having my problems. She was very friendly and we had a great conversation! Price: TOO much, yet again it is the Wynn so what do you expect. I spend around 160 for a body message + tip for 50 min (*this is where I bring down a star )= ) + side, you can win it all back in gambling =D like I did!
5	Yelp, where's the 6th star? I need NEED another star b/c this salon is on point and my new favorite spot to get pampered. Yes, you heard right.  A straight man who loves to be loved and pampered like a star. I was on the way to the amazing pool at Wynn when I stopped in to see how much I would have to drop to get a proper shave. The lovely and magnificently pleasant woman at the front desk said "just 65 dollars sir." To which I responded "JUST 65 huh? Thanks, but no thanks." My immediate gut reaction tends to be the one I stick with when it comes to making decisions about money, women and sex. Who am I kidding!!! I almost always go against my gut and I did it yet again in this case too! I was sittin poolside, baking in the heat and it must have been the heat stroke (that's my story and I am stickin with it) that made me pick up my blackberry, call the salon and schedule the shave. So, I walk in there all sweaty and lookin like a mess, which was a bad move on my part b/c the woman who hooked me up with the best shave of my life was F-I-N-E FINE!!! We talked for a few before she got started and I let her get to work. Now let's get down to business. A proper shave is tough. I've tried it before and the guy who shaved me pretty much butchered my face and I was pissed! Not this time friends. Jessica started with a nice lather of moisturizer, massaged it into my face very slowly and it felt awesome. Then, she applied warm shave cream and covered my face with a piping hot towel and let it sit for a few. That's when I heard it. As she was walking to get something, I heard the sound that I love so much, but just am not used to hearing at the barbershop. The sweet sound of high heels hitting the tile. Now that's sexy friends!! Back to the shave. She applied another layer of shave cream and started with the straight razor. She was very gentle and thorough and told me that my hair is very coarse and grows in all directions, so she mentioned she was gonna take her time with me. That's what I love. A barber who takes their time and makes sure the job is done right the first time. She shaved once with the grain and then lathered up my face with moisturizer, shave cream and hot towel and repeated the process against the grain. At the end she covered my face with an ice cold towel to close the pores. She also gave me a tip for doin this at home. Listen up gents. Take a wash cloth or hand towel and cover with tap water. Pop in the microwave for 2 minutes and boom, you have a hot towel to open the pores and start your shave off on the right foot. Jessica noticed that my haircut, which I got done prior to my trip, was less than stellar. She was nice enough to fix the sideburns and make it look as close to ab fab as humanly possible. Let's get real gents. $65 for a shave sounds outrageous at first, I know and I agree. But, in the end I am all about lookin and feelin good which is why I was willing to drop the cash it takes to get me to that place. Jessica, thank you for treating me with love. You are the most ab fab barber a guy could meet AND gorgeous too!
5	TWO WORDS:SUH WEEEET!Spoiled and pampered all day long, and the God Awful Ringing from the slot machines went away (at least for the day).If I could, I would live here!
5	This was my first spa visit ever back around maybe 07.. wasn't a yelper then but i thought i give my review now...the wynn hotel itself is very nice alot of red colors, i had the "rain stone ritual" which was great....the heat stone massage was my first massage ever and it was hot but felt great on my back...the oils that were used kept my skin soft and butter smooth for 1 week after the massage...if i stay at the wynn i would come back again for the "rain stone ritual" it's a great value...
5	OMG.  The ABSOLUTE BEST MASSAGE OF MY LIFE!This was the most expensive massage I've ever gotten.  At $160 for 50 minutes, I was expecting to come out feeling rather ripped off afterwards.  For context I've never paid more than $100 for a massage.  But since I was staying at the Wynn I figured what the heck, let's splurge a little.... I started off with a good hour in their spa facilities.  They are quite small, but it was "cozy" but nice.  Past the front desk, the men's side has a lobby area where you can relax, take in a newspaper and sip some tea or have some refreshing pineapple juice.  Next on the list was the Eucalyptus Steam Room.  The steam was QUITE intense, which I loved.  The room itself couldn't have been more then 10x10, but you couldn't see more than 2-3 ft in front of you.  The Eucalyptus felt like you were in a Vicks Steam Chamber.  Very refreshing.  Onto the dry sauna.  Pretty standard.  Nice and toasty.  No complaints.  The wet spa area had a main hot tub, which was fairly warm.  The smaller pools were quite small.  As in, it would be very uncomfortable if you were in it, and someone else decided to join you....  The cool one was nice and cold, and there was a mild one as well.  I forgot what it was called, but they had two chambers where water comes out just full force.  It was very nice.  It feels like standing under a natural powerful waterfall.  A nice way to get a massage.During the entire time the staff was friendly, attentive, but unobtrusive.  Asking if anything was needed from time to time such as water etc.  The facilities aren't the largest or fanciest, but its not trying to be.  It was nice, quaint, and everything that was needed. Nice towels, robes, slippers, etc.  Kind of like what a small but posh country club clubhouse would feel like.  Luxury without being overwhelming.Onto the best part.  The massage.Waited in the coed lounge area, for a minute or so and on to the massage room.  Instead of rambling about the massage here are the highlights:-Aroma therapy was very nice for pre massage relaxation-Heated table was very relaxing-The masseuse was an ultimate pro.  Knew exactly which kinks to get out and worked on the back an extra long time based on "feel" without every having to let her know.  Utmost professionalism.The entire experience was amazing.  Maybe just my standards have been so low all this time.  Maybe it was the absence of the casino slot machines.  All that I can say, is that this was the best massage of my life.
5	I can't speak for the price, b/c every time I've gone here it's been a gift. But I do know that it's pricey. I must say, I do love it here! I actually like it here more than Burke Williams in Orange County. I always get a full body massage here and they've all been Uh-MAZING! I love the welcoming and friendly staff. They'll give you a tour if it's your first time, so don't worry about wandering around like a lost soul. The waiting area has a fireplace that puts you right into relaxation mode. I've never waited more than 15 minutes for my appt. I always come in early to take advantage of the amenities and wind down. I highly recommend this spa.
5	It always strikes me as odd since the salon seems to be rather empty most times I go. But everyone is really nice. The front desk staff always remembers my name, everyone is constantly offering to get you a drink or magazine, etc.Again, I have to rave about Gianni. He is a color magician! He really truly knows what he is doing and works some serious magic with the color mixes he comes up with. My hair is always fabulous.And you get free access all day to the spa facilities with any salon service.
3	Fitness center review since the combo gym and spa was a ridiculous $40/day with no 3 day deal! The gym itself was "just" $15, so I paid for 2 days in hopes of sweating off the buffet and enjoying some solace from my all-dude posse. Having stayed all over the strip, this was the first fitness center I've seen that didn't have any exterior windows. The cardio machines face a barren hallway to the spa where *everyone* stares at they walk by. Most (nice) Vegas hotels have one-way glass facing the pool area providing natural light and fun (one way) view, not a basement setting.It was also pretty packed (also surprising), so I have to nab the last elliptical before a leathery blonde beat me too it. Weights were OK. Staff looked bored and uninterested.If I didn't come to Vegas 4x a year, I probably would have splurged a little on spa services, but boyfriend did some reconnaissance and said the facilities were dull and not near a nice as Mandalay (who, btw, only charge $20 for spa/gym). Next time I'm going down south (on the strip) for sure!
4	I love the Salon at the Wynn!  I had my make up done for my best friend's wedding.  The makeup artist did a wonderful job!  I wish she could do my makeup everyday.  Everyone at the salon was extremely nice.  I would go back and get my makeup done every time if I could afford it.  That is the one thing I was kind of upset about.  Getting my makeup done for one day cost me $90 total.  The cost of getting the makeup done was $80 and of course you have to tip for the service.  I thought it was a bit over priced for something that I will have to wash off at the end of the night.  My overall experience at the salon was awesome!  Just wished they could have more affordable prices.
5	ANGELA! I miss you! NO one had ever done my hair like this wonderful woman. She is amazing.$109 for a blowout? Hey it was worth it!
5	I actually went to both the Wynn Spa and Wynn Salon for a classic mani/pedi and then a 50 minute Custom Massage and a 50 minute Custom Facial - best day of my life! I specifically requested a male massage therapist as I needed a strong, bone-breaking, deep tissue massage to chase the tension away. Chris was amazing!!  I love him so much. Salon: First, in my opinion, the SALON was ok. I didn't get my hair done there, so I can't really say much.  But my mani/pedi wasn't anything to rant nor rave about - and surely didn't warrant the hefty price tag ($150). I get my regular mani/pedis by my house for $40 and they do the same thing. Nonetheless, they did a great job.  Spa: Now, the SPA is a whole different story. It's so tranquil and relaxing.  The hot tub was roomy and quiet, and I think they have some aromatic sprays in there because it smelt like a garden. High pressure showers, steam room, sauna - HEAVEN! It's absolutely beautiful. Massage:  Chris was amazing! I asked him not to hold back on the deep pressure. My body was so tense that even a few bone snaps, crackles and pops wouldn't cause alarm. He's professional and gentle, but DAMN he redefined "deep tissue" - the guy can massage. The rooms/beds are just so pretty, too - candles, aromatherapy, mirrors, et al. I can't say enough.Facial was great, too.  I fell asleep (that's a good thing), so I can't review much about it.  It was relaxing as well and she [forgot her name :(...] assessed my skin, saying it was dehydrated and thus proceeded with a customized facial accordingly. The esthetician was sweetheart as well.Be warned - prices are overwhelming, but you get what you pay for: a top-of-the-line beauty experience that's unprecedented.  Go at least once!
5	Great service and amazingly nice surroundings.  Locals get a special $50 price for mens hairstyle.  Christina is an super high quality and nice stylist , I will return to see her for my next hairstyle!
5	We had a very relaxing time att the spa  had the best time and thank to this wonderful spa, we solve some issues :)
4	I used to go there to get a massage once a month, when they;ve had some REALLY nice local discounts (90$ per session...), it was incredible!Came back after they changed the prices, it was still very good, but too pricey for me...
5	This is what a real spa should be.  I booked appointments for my mom and me about 6 weeks before our visit.  2 days before our scheduled appointment, I called and tweaked the appointment and the representative I spoke to was very gracious about it.  I was told to arrive 30 minutes prior to my appointment time.I arrived about 10 minutes prior to my appointment time.  I was quickly helped with my payment, brought into the women's side of the spa, given my robe and slippers and a quick tour before I was assigned a locker.  I changed quickly and waited in the lobby area which is full of fancy smancy couches and magazines as well as a table with coffee, tea, fruit and water with citrus and cucumber slices.  I was called on time and introduced to my massage therapist.  I was guided to my room and asked if I had any previous injuries, areas I wanted to focus on and whether I liked soft, medium or deep tissue massage.  What followed was the greatest massage of my life.  Between the lighting, music and massage, I was completely relaxed (which almost never happens).  After my massage, I used both saunas and the hot tub and even took a short nap on a lounge chair.  The facilities are clothing optional, so if you're not super comfortable with nudity, bring a swimsuit.  The showers are super clean and contain shampoo, conditioner and body wash.  The locker areas are equipped with supplies to style your hair and the bathroom has tampons and q-tips for spa-goers to use.  Visiting this spa was my favorite part of my Las Vegas trip.  My only regret was only getting the 50 minute massage and not a longer one!
4	Beautiful facilities and gracious staff.
4	Alright, spa-goers. I know you can read all about the facilities, amenities, blah blah blah from other reviews. Conversely, my review is short, accurate, and to the point. Here we goooooo: Nice, clean, and well-equipped spa. However, completely skip over it and head over to The Spa at Encore. I promise, it is better in every single way. Just take the extra 5 minute walk over to Encore...you can thank me later. Read my review for The Spa at Encore here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-spa-and-salon-at-encore-las-vegas-las-vegas#hrid:Uh0PBBFqF7BYZIZCYvw-_w There you go. Yes, Wynn has a beautiful spa. Yes, Wynn's spa is a nice competitor for all spas on the strip. But the Encore's spa pulls out the trump card in every which way. I think I covered all the bases here. Happy spa'ing, y'all.
2	I went on Sunday about 10am and i am pretty sure i only saw a total of 3 other guests. I think i would chalk this up to the outrageous costs for the services. The facilities: Nicely decorated. The sauna and steam rooms were small and they only have a one person cold & warm plunge pool. (which seemed odd to me.) The whirlpool was decent size but there was only one, which i imagine on a busy day would not be ideal. The showers were ok (the corners looked as if they hadn't been cleaned in a while.) The product (shampoo & conditioner) were terrible! They smelt very strong and did not moisturize at all. I felt like i was using the $1.99 product from the supermarket. The Service: Vincent C was my therapist and he did a great job on the 80 min deep tissue massage. He was attentive and listened to what i asked for, paying close attention to the areas that i specifically requested he work. If this place wasn't so overpriced i would go see him again. Positives: - Front desk/attendants were personable- The Service itself was goodNegatives:- Extremely overpriced- Small facilities- Mood music was extremely distracting (No appropriate for a massage, it sounded like house dance music.)If you hit it big in Vegas i would might hit this place up, but if you are on a budget i would say pass on this spa.
1	I am an avid spa goer and have never experienced such a loud atmosphere.  Felt like I in the middle of a party of some kind.  Complained about the noise level and was told they would tend to the issue, but nothing was done about the loud conversations and laughing.  My massage therapist shared all about the health inspection they had had the day before.  She chatted my ear off through my entire 80 minute massage.  After speaking to the spa director about the issues, I was offered to us the amenities for free.  If you are expecting a top notch spa, don't try this one. Have had an amazing experience at the Mandarin Spa.
5	Top notch all the way!  Had a facial by Jesse and cannot wait to go back again for another spa treatment.
5	Pure pleasure, for the man who likes to get spolied
2	I received services at both the spa and salon and I must say the spa was amazing! The salon, however, was very subpar. I went in for a partial highlight and blowout. I was assigned to an older man named Gianni who was their "color specialist." My hair is naturally pretty light so when I go for highlights I ask for a low level bleach which I told Gianni. He proceeded to color my hair using a strange board to hold the hair while he was highlighting. The board seemed to keep him from painting the root of the hair and upon completion I realized it looked like I already had a month's regrowth! The highlights were also much lighter and needed to be toned once I returned from my trip. I love the Wynn but this salon seemed more Jersey than an extension of the Steve Wynn branding. I will definitely NOT be returning to the salon.
5	I spent a lovely morning experiencing both the salon and spa at the Wynn. My husband and I were celebrating his birthday there, so of course I got treated too! I first got the Signature Pedicure at the salon, which was about 50 minutes long. The decor was beautiful, and the nail tech, Tiffany, was very sweet and did a great job! I had the latest issues of magazines to peruse, and was offered beverages several times, which I politely declined. The music was energy-laced, keeping the atmosphere happy and fun. My toes looked beautiful, and Tiffany assuredme that if I accidentally messed up my polish, that I could just come back in and she would fix it! She was wonderful! After  that, the salon receptionist walked me over to the spa to check-in for my 80 minute fusion massage.Since I was about an hour early, I had the chance to experience several parts of the spa before my massage. The spa attendant gave me some slippers, and guided me to a locker where there was a robe waiting for me, and gave me a short tour of the area. It was a clothing-optional spa, but I chose to wear a swimsuit under my robe. After changing and securing my belongings, I walked around and discovered a whirlpool, a sauna, and a deluge shower in the back portion of the spa. In the front area, there are several comfy couches and fireplaces, as well as magazines, and an area which offered fresh and dried fruits, teas, and infused water (which was delicious! It was cucumber-citrus). It was a bit crowded on the day I went (Friday), and there were a few groups; I'm assuming wedding parties/girl-trips, etc. I grabbed a lounge seat on the couch in front of the fireplace, and sipped on the amazing water while I waited for my massage.My masseuse, Summer, greeted me at my scheduled time, and walked me back into the treatment room. It was dim lit, soft music playing, and very inviting! After getting settled into the heated table (it felt GREAT, as it was in the high 40's that day in Vegas, very unusual), she began to work her magic! She accommodated my concerns of an old neck/shoulder injury, and made me feel terrific! The time went by very fast (it seemed, for 80 minutes of relaxation!), and before I knew it, it was time to get dressed and go back to the spa area. I was invited to stay as long as I liked, the spa was open until 8pm, so that I could enjoy all of the amenities, however I was feeling a little TOO relaxed and a little wobbly, so I decided that a nap was probably more my speed! I changed back into my clothes, however they have showers, and all of the supplies needed (deodorant, razor, shampoo, etc), if you wanted to refresh there at the facility. After thanking the staff, I floated down the hallway and back to my room, where my husband greeted me, asking if I'd been drinking, lol. I guess I looked a little bit "out of it". The price was steep, yes, but everyone deserves a splurge here and there, and I thoroughly enjoyed every second of it!
5	The Spa and Salon at Wynn is THE BEST!  I come from the Spa Industry and know!  I just had my wedding at Wynn on 8.10.13.  I had the best spray tan ever at the Spa with Amy.  She sculpted the perfect airbrush tan and I had NO weird peeling or anything.  Stephanie at the Salon did my makeup for both the rehearsal night and the wedding day.  She was AMAZING and super sweet and calming.  She made me feel beautiful and at ease!  I highly recommend!
4	Enjoyed a great afternoon at the Wynn Spa.   Massage was great and reasonably priced; the amenities and atmosphere are top class.  Jeff was a great therapist and he comes highly recommended!
5	Husband took me here for our 1 year anniversary. Checked in and got our slippers and parted ways....I was directed to my locker and had about 30 minutes to use the steam room and Jacuzzi before being taken back for my thai fusion massage.It was amazing!!! I had Lucy and she was just strong enough togive me a a good thai stretch and my poor muscles a good rub.deff will be back for this again!
5	I received a gel manicure from Janny Streit.  Best manicure of my life.  I actually just opened a Yelp account to post this review.  Only because I just got another manicure today from someone near my home and it's total crap.  I wish I could drive to Vegas and have Jenny fix my nails.I had my manicure on November 4, 2013.  The gel manicure lasted 3 weeks.  Actually, the manicure still looked good.  The grow out was what I needed fixed.Jenny was professional, fun, sweet and pleasant.  I think if I lived in Vegas, we could be friends.The Salon itself is beautiful.  The staff is fantastic.  Booking my reservation was easy. My pedicure was great as well.  I just do not remember the name of the gentleman who did it.Worth the cost for a fun day at the spa/salon while you are enjoying Las Vegas.
5	I have been to the Salon at Wynn three times to get the color on my roots touched up. The first and last time I went I was seen by Coco. She is an amazing hairdresser and I am completely satisfied with her wonderful attitude and high quality of work. She takes plenty of time and precision while working on your hair, and checks in periodically to make sure she is giving you the right look. She really goes above and beyond her call of duty and is very fair about pricing. I just moved to Las Vegas from New York, so I was very nervous about finding a hairdresser here. Now that I've found Coco, my worries are gone. I don't need to look anywhere else. Thanks Coco!
4	my review is overdue , last summer experience. me and my boyfriend had romantic get away for 7days @ wynn. and we got spa ritual treatment something called 'tropical '. I love atmosphere , but massage it self was just standard. I felt this is overpriced.but service is always best,
5	There is no one else as great as Paul Juma with hair. He was previously at a different salon but I followed him to Wynn and will follow him wherever. . My husband flew my mother and i to las vegas for the day just to have Paul do our hair. i am hooked and now fly from Indianapolis to get my hair done by him. Fortunately, even though I am blonde and have upkeep I can honestly say that it is better to go fewer times to him than every 6 weeks at any local place... There is no one else that can safely and accurately even get close to what Paul does... I have been everywhere and now that I found him, I can't go without him. Wynn is smart for snagging Paul- great business sense, now I will have to stay at Wynn when I come. He belongs here, in this luxurious atmosphere; although truth be told- I would follow him anywhere... I feel that a good hair stylist is just as important as finding a good accountant or good physician. Hair is sometimes the only controllable physical thing we can change and why not have the best tending to it?Paul is an engineer and architect, and to transfer that ability to hair is so lucky for women all over! He has a vision! He is a perfectionist! The Wynn salon desk is friendly too and they have drinks and anything you ask for...
5	Very pampering with a great view. The salon at the Wynn is close for renovation so they send you to the encore. But we had Wynn people working on us. The pedicure was amazing. My husband also got one--his first. He had a strong gentleman named Vince who did a amazing foot message. It is high-priced, but great for an hour or so of pampering.
5	Reviewing hair cut at Wynn by Coco. This was my third time seeing Coco. I live in Chicago and don't get my haircut anywhere else. I see her about twice a year. Don't you just love when you just sit and let your stylist work her magic without any worry or concern? She asked me to trust her the first time and I've never looked back. The best thing about her cuts is they are flattering, versatile and grow out without looking scraggly. I also really enjoy her personality. She gave me a great blowout that lasted 2 days!! WHAT? That never happens in my world, ladies. So, go see Coco! You can thank me later! ;-)
3	I'm going to give this a 3.5 but mainly because of the service rather than the venue or the facilities.The last time I was in Las Vegas I stayed at the Encore (still my favourite LV hotel) and used the Spa, I didn't write a review at the time but it was a good experience. The Spa at the Wynn is less grandiose than it's counterpart at the Encore. In fact I was a little disappointed at the appearance of the facility, it looked a little worn in places. The facilities are also quite poor compared to other Spas, there was a jacuzzi and what appeared to be a cold plunge pool but that was it.My service with Summer however was very good and would recommend her. The next time I'm in town and want a Spa service I think I'll stick with the Spa at the Encore.
5	Tina at the barber shop is the best!! I grew up in family owned barber shops and her cut is hands down the finest I've ever experienced!!
1	This review is for the "Classic Pedicure" at the salon at Wynn only.$90 + tip for a sub-par basic 40 min pedicure service. The service and the results did not even match your regular in-out $20 service. I went with a friend and we were both done in less than 30 minutes with results below average.Save yourself the disappointment (and $) and get your nails done elsewhere.
3	Gorgeous settings, mediocre massage and horrible front desk! I was very impressed by the luxurious environment here, which is what you are expecting when you spend $350 for 40 minutes. However, I was very pissed by the reception girl. I walked in there 5min late than appointment, so I asked if I can still get a full 40 minutes. She was so annoyed and goes "No, if you don't hurry up your minutes will be cut even shorter" OMG, What an attitude!!! But since I already paid I went ahead for the massage. It was okay to be honest, a little bit better than those $50 massages in town due to the luxury room and oil they use. But just kind of below the level of what I anticipated it to be after spending a good 350 dollars!I don't recommend this place cause of the awful receptionist and the just OKAY massage. Not really worth the money.
1	I got my nails done, it was a great experience. Also, the technicians were nice. Unfortunately, the nail polish chipped off the same evening. By next morning, six of my nails looked horrible, it looks like I got my nails done about a week ago.I also added the photo of how my nails looked the day after.
