3	This place is smaller than Bombay Bazar and offered less of a selection. It appears to be clean and the guy behind the counter was very nice and helpful.  If you live on this side of town then I would definitely recommend stopping here first for your Indian spices and food products.  If they don't have what you need you can always drive over to Maryland.[exterior photos submitted]
1	!Warning!Sorry, but I have to let everyone know of this place dishonesty:They erase expiration dates of their food products, so be verycareful. I saw a woman in the back actually wiping the dates off.
1	Let me start by saying one thing. I've only been into this location multiple times out of sheer convenience since I live far far away from my store of preference "India Market". After coming to this store, I don't want the "New".A lot of the product tends to be old. Expiration dates seem to be missing on many items here. Very few items have a price tag. What that means to you, is that you never know how much something costs. Sketchy.The store is ridiculously cramped. One person can fit through each aisle.The overall cleanliness of this store is suspect. I don't expect ethnic stores to be super shiny and spotless, but I expect certain levels of sanitation. Dust on produce is unacceptable.One last note: In the Indian culture, it is customary  to respect your elders (who are a generation older) by calling them "uncle" or "aunty". That's respectful. The guy at this store had the audacity to call my just over 50, mother...."aunty". You'd think he was being respectful, right?He would be, except he was just as old as my Mom. Learn some manners, Mr. New India Market. Call her Ma'am. or Mrs. N. Over and out.
1	Nothing new at this place, they continue to remove the expiration datesoff their food products. Someone needs to alert the clark county health department!!!
5	The owner is very helpful! Wonderful service and great selection! I came looking for a product and he searched until he found it. Wonderful customer service!
5	Excellent customer service! The owner took time to explain customs and how to use product i asked about. Very friendly & knowledgableto all regardless of heritage,  which is refreshing ! Good prices too!
