3	Huge place big selection lots of gaming space....customer serviced needs work.
4	The staff at Samurai are always friendly and helpful. Great selection of new books. What I really like is there's no requirement on the number of books they will hold for monthly subscriptions. If you want just one book its no problem. Other comic shops in the past have told me there minimum requirement of 15 books a month, No Bueno. Thanks Samurai for always fulfilling my comic book needs
3	Wow Bertha made a yelp account just to gripe about this place. Frankly as far as LGS's go, it's my favorite. I sometimes feel like the staff are pedantic about the procedures for looking at cards in the store. There are some good people, though. Don't give up on Samurai, Bertha.
1	I was in the store for ten minutes today, and no one bothered to help me or my girlfriend. We both buy comics. Actually, we both buy a lot of comics -- we've spent about $1k on comics and toys in the past two months. This store is terrible. A Batgirl top with an MSRP of $35 on sale for $50? A leaking roof and zero customer service? Completely unforgivable. This was my second trip to the store -- I'd hoped that the last time I went in was just a fluke. Not so, it was even worse today. I love comic shops and I always buy something whenever I go. Not here, and never again. Stay the hell out of this place. It's terrible, and the only thing they've earned is failure. I wish I could give them negative stars. I wish I had the time to stand in front of this store and urge people to not walk in.
2	Samurai comics is okay. The selection is okay, but definitely way overpriced. The customer service isn't really much to talk about either; I've never been asked if I need anything or even greeted when I walked in the door. However, they were friendly when I went up to pay for an item. I can't put my finger on it, but there's something missing about the atmosphere that has turned me off. It's unfair for me to be unable to say why exactly I don't feel like I can take my sweet time and browse, but I don't. Maybe I'm weirded out by the layout (it's big and open, made for gaming), or maybe it's just a vibe. It may not be my thing, but you may really enjoy it, so you should at least give it a try. They did do a great job at the Free Comic Book Day, and they often have gaming going on when we go in. Other people seem to be enjoying themselves, and they have a decent amount of regulars, so I might just be missing it. I just prefer to go elsewhere.
3	From my experience, Samurai Comics isn't bad.  Of course every time I go there, I know what I'm looking for, so no complaints at customer service.  I've been asked if I needed help from the two female workers that worked the shift, but no help was needed on my end.My gripe is that for a comic book store, supply is very limited and high priced.  Bookmans in the same lot sells the same back issues for 50 cents, and the no name comic book store right next door sold some of the same back issues for a quarter.  Not sure on the pricing on their single back issues, but the selection isn't all that great.  In fact, they do not have a wide variety on anything good or new either.  Shelves do not look like they get replenished much, and sometimes the bags and boards I look for (current) are sold out.  The collectors toys and items are a tad too much, some of those toys you can find at Toys R Us for way cheaper.Other than that, I've come and witness the card / rpg gaming end of the store and it seems people have a lot of fun.  There also seems to be a few regulars I see every time I go there, so that shows some loyalty.  No major complaints, just a few tweaks here and there and then they can be a great comic store.
1	It was middle of the day on Halloween when I had visited this store, I had wandered around browsing through their inventory of products. It was completely dead in there and what you would have thought to have good quality customer service turned to absolute shit, their lack of service qualifies about the same as Wal-Mart. They did not have much of a large selection and the small amount of selection that they had was over priced and yet again Made in China products. Worthless attitudes of the people working there, they were not much more different than the Zombies you see in movies.I've known "Atomic Comics" before this "Samurai Comics" taken over and moved in, you are no Atomic Comics, as a matter of fact they were much more professional, friendly, they were more alive and had a sense of humor and were the kindest of people around. At one point attended an Anime convention there. However no, this Samurai Comics has no comparison next to Atomic Comics. Wish they were still around. I won't be going back there again anytime soon.
1	Staff is completely unhelpful and rude. At the time of my visit, there were two women employees working (Both of these women are working every time I visit the store). I walked in at exactly 7 pm and I as I walked through the door I checked the signs in the window. There were three signs in the door. The open sign was up, another sign had the hours that said "Wednesday (New Comic book day) open til 8 pm", and a third that was hand written with hours of closing at 7pm everyday. I went in, grabbed what I needed and went to check out within a minute of being there. While checking me out, the woman asked her coworker to come by the door. The coworker walked over and asked if she should "look scary". Our cashier then responded saying that she just needed to flip the open sign because we obviously couldn't read the other signs. It was extremely rude, and I will never go back to Samurai Comics to get anything I need.
5	I just started dabbling with comics and I've been to several stores throughout the valley. The staff at samurai is small and therefore they probably don't have the best customer service. But they will answer ALL of your questions. They are not snotty or arrogant. They are friendly and welcoming. But all that stuff aside they have the BEST prices on the comic books and they seem to have random sales as well. No reason not to like this shop. All the other shops should hope to keep their blade as sharp as SAMURAI!!!!!!!
3	I'm not a huge comic fan, but going into any store I expect to be greeted and said farewell to. Basic customer service is lacking. Decent selection. Clean. Organized. They even have a few games to choose from! What I found odd, however, was the massive selection of bobble heads they had. Are they really that popular?
5	Since the day I decided to get back into the hobby of reading, collecting, and learning about comics, Samurai Comics:Mesa has been and will always be my home.  From day one, the staff, the selection, and the conversation has made Wednesday my favorite day of the week.  Everyone there has been kind, inviting , and knowledgable to all my questions and needs when I enter and leave.  One of the best parts as well, is when I go in with my kids.  Everyone greets them and let's them wander and directs them to books they'd want as well (we now have a VERY healthy collection of MLP and Adventure Time books for their own box).  So thank you for being great and never change Samurai Mesa.
5	I have nothing but good things to say about Samurai. I have been coming to this comic shop for 2 years now and have to say thank you. Thank you for not being pushy sales people, thank you for being kind with all my questions I had when I got back into reading comics. You never made me feel like I didn't belong or that my question was dumb (though I'm sure it was)! I have to say that I'm a bit taken back by some of the other comments about the so called "lack of customer service". To those people, I have to remind you, they deal with maybe the most socially awkward people around. So in understanding that, I made it a point to say hello to them also when I walked through that door. Crazy thing happened after that. They greeted me too, and have been friendly to me and every other person I've witnessed come through those doors.Super friendly people and if you don't believe me, just talk to them for yourself! ;)
1	This place has the most disrespectful staff ever.  They are always outside smoking and bringing that  smell in with them. Then  you make a  purchase and they barely acknowledge you and NEVER say thank you.   They could all take a Manners 101 class.  They are too busy socializing to acknowledge paying customers.  Ridiculous.
