5	Earlier this week, I adopted a 5 week old kitten whose mother died tragically (if you are reading this during May of 2008 and want a kitten, let me know because there are 3 others). I had no idea what to do with such a little kitten. He was not weaned from his mother and now needed me to be his mama cat. I don't know how to be a mama cat!So, I brought him to my family's vet - Goodyear Animal Hospital on Estrella and Van Buren. we have been going here for 3 or 4 years now, and every time we go I think, 'This is how our PEOPLE doctors need to treat US.'I have almost always had pets, and I have dealt with many veternarians who make me feel guilty ..... Kittty obesity ..... Declawing .....Let's run every test in the book and spend 1000s of dollars in case it's XXXXX ......I always feel good about myself and my pets' care at Goodyear Animal Hospital.The receptionists and technicians are friendly and helpful, and while there is a staff of 5 vets on site, I highly recommend Amy Schomburg and Laural Casler (both DVM).Dr. Casler answered all of my questions about my new little buddle of furry joy, and sent me off with a nursing kit and a dewormed kitty. I had a few concerns the next day .... Mostly about poop. Sorry folks, but did you know with a very little kitten you have to simulate the feel of the mother licking the kitten's ... parts? So warm, wet cotton pad to the rescue! I had to call the staff at Goodyear Animal Hospital twice, and they always answered my questions while giving me guidance for bringing him back in. Another perk .... They are open 7 days a week! So, I wasn't having Friday afternoon pangs of panic. Worst case scenario, I could get in to see th doctor on Saturday morning.Kitten is fine, by the way. We named him Huxley.
5	Our Pup Draffan has been having a variety of infections over an extended period of time now. It started with his ears and has progressed to his front paws and legs. We had been going to a vet here in Goodyear for quite some time but have become frustrated with the lack of positive progress. This infection is derived from yest so his diet has changed yet he is still suffering and licking himself raw. So we decided to try another vet and saw Dr Megan Johnson. I of course have no idea what she is having us do for Draffan is going to work or not, time will tell. But we were very impressed with her manner and caring attitude toward Draffan. She took the time to actually inspect him. She did say that his skin feels like the beginnings of cushing disease, what is not good news as that is what his sister died from a year ago. Hoping her good intentions and caring manner translates to comfort for Draffan.
5	We are brand new Clients of Goodyear Animal hospital and have been so impressed with Dr. Megan Johnson.  We had been pleased with our former Vet at Estrella Animal hospital, but when our German Shepherd was found not working and very distressed, Estrella disappointed us by turning us away since they were closing soon for the day.   They did us a big favor and they recommended us to Goodyear Animal Hospital, where we met with Dr. Megan Johnson.   She is very compassionate with her patients and with the clients, she spent quite a bit of time discussing the options with us and probable causes of my dogs illness.  She is very methodical and thru some bloodwork we ruled out potential causes.   Our German Shepherd was found to have Brain tumors, and he is being treated with medication, and monitored by Dr. Johnson.    The entire staff has been great, with follow up calls.   I highly recommend Goodyear Animal Hospital and especially Dr. Megan Johnson.
5	I am the husband that Linda refers to in her review, I CANNOT express how  PLEASED we are in Goodyear Animal Hospital and attending to our needs in a potentially tough time.  Dr. Megan Johnson.... YOU ROCK!!We came to your Goodyear Animal Hospital thanks to poor judgment of our former vets (Estrella Animal Hospital) and you took the time, showed you cared (as did your staff) and really helped us thru the visit.  Our dog is actually doing better each day (thou we know it is still day by day with him) We have certainly spread the word as to how great you and the staff of Goodyear Animal Hospital have been and how disappointed we are in the lack of attention and compassion at a time of real need by of our former vets (Estrella Animal Hospital).  We used to bring those 6 clients to them... yes 6, but now it will be ZERO based on this unfortunate decision made by them on a Friday afternoon.  I ask this... Would any other "hospital" turn away a potential dying patient?  Goodyear Animal Hospital didn't and for that we are most thankful!
1	While I do not disagree that the staff there is pleasant, I had the unfortunate need to use their services for a small wound that needed stitches and my regular Vet was closed.  I walked out with a bill for over $800.  This is completely ridiculous!  Buyer beware that in times when people are having to make cutbacks in their budgets, this office is contributing to people being forced to not seek proper care for their beloved pets.  Please seek reasonably priced care elsewhere.
5	Tech Shanna and Dr. Ortyl took good care of our dogs!Our dogs got kennel cough from Goodyear Dog Park  and they were able to get us in same day.  Front office staff was kind and helpful and Shanna and Dr. Ortyl were very thorough in addressing all of our concerns, including the cough, vaccination updates, heart worm education, etc and even offered to give us time to call local pharmacies to see if we could get the meds cheaper (We bought them from them as they were fairly reasonable).  GREAT experience.They offer an estimate with both LOW and HIGH options and let you choose what care you receive, and you know BEFORE the bill comes.  the ONLY negative thing I have run into yet is that you cannot get a technician appointment to get vaccinations, "the clinic policy is that all vaccinations must have a Dr. Appt" and since the doc wanted our dogs to get over the cough before they get the next shot, it will cost me another $46 EACH + the $18 vaccination:(  You should be able to just have a vet tech give vaccinations, especially if its 2 weeks after a $71.00 exam by the doc:(
5	They are the best....from Marcia t the front desk, to the techs, to the vets. Compassionate, caring, knowledgable, and they follow up with you after your appt! We have been particularly impressed with Dr Ortyl... my little yorkie is a congenital, medical disaster. Dr Ortyl is fantastic with her, and her high anxiety mom! Lol.I would recommend this place to everyone, they are consistently excellent.
5	Great, friendly staff. Plus they don't get mad when my dog poops on them while they trim her nails. Love this Vet.
5	We recently adopted a 8 week week old rescue pup that ended up with Pneumonia.  It was a close call due to his tiny 5lb body but the staff at Goodyear Animal Hospital pulled him through.   I can't say enough about Goodyear Animal Hospital - the tech's, the Doctor's and the entire staff were amazing and caring.  Our little Pip is running around the house, dancing and happy as can be.Thank you from the bottem of our hearts!
5	Great, friendly staff. Plus they don't get mad when my dog poops on them while they trim her nails. Love this Vet and the staff.
5	I can't say enough about this hospital. When my cat had lymphoma in 2007, they were wonderful with him and were sad when he died. A couple of years ago when my current kitty had a urinary blockage due to bladder stones (fatal if not corrected right away), I made the mistake of bringing him to Agua fria animal hospital first. They almost killed my cat with their neglect and shoddy care in their filthy hospital and the vet techs couldn't even restrain him for an X-ray without me!!!! Goodyear animal hospital took him in and the dr removed his bladder stones!! They treated him like a teddy bear and he was well cared for in a clean cage in their spotless back area where the hospitalized animals stay. since the surgery was over $2000, they allowed me to pay over time which I will forever be grateful for. If I weren't able to do that, I would have had to put my beloved boy down. They saved my cats life and have continued to care about him, asking about him whenever I go in to buy his food. The whole staff loves animals and you can see it in the way they treat them and talk about them!!  I will always bring my pets here!! Thank you staff at Goodyear AH!!! Mowli thanks you too!!!
5	These guys are great. I took my dog in as he was having trouble with his eyes, turned out to be uveitis, poor guy, everyone there has been wonderful as we ended up back there a couple weeks later as my dog got scratched in the other eye. While playing with our other dog. They were able to get him in immediately and treated the same day despite me calling at 6:00 and they close at 7:00. Since then he has recurring uvetitis and they are working with us to get to the bottom of it. They call and follow up which I love, they truly have compassion for your animals and they are reasonable with their prices for services. I will continue to bring my dogs here for anything they may need.
5	Our dog is a lemon.  She's overweight, has trouble breathing, is dog aggressive, and is lazy.  Regardless of that laundry list of problems, she loves people and we love her.  We initially took her to an office down the road from our house, but after a few rather unhelpful visits we decided to try a new office.  I checked out Yelp, saw that people had good experiences with this place, and decided to give it a go.For one, I've never been to any sort of medical facility, be it for animals or people, that has such friendly staff as this place.  We were greeted with warm smiles and promptly sent to a room where our dog was examined gently but thoroughly by the resident vet tech.  When the vet came in, she immediately acted the way we act with our dog, talking to her like a child and rubbing her belly and generally making her more comfortable.  She got down to her examination quickly and addressed each of our concerns with knowledgeable replies.  She sent us home with some antibiotics for the sores our dog had developed from her dry skin, as well as some canine formulated fish oil.It's been a couple weeks since the visit and our dog's health and mood have dramatically changed.  She's much like a puppy now and her sores have healed up completely.  The icing on the cake is the follow-up calls we get from the office.  My vet has called me back no less than three times to make sure the medication was working and make sure the dog is doing well.  Additionally she got the test results from the previous office and called back to assure me she agrees with the results they got.  I think I'll be frequenting this office for a long time.  Definitely the best veterinary office in the west valley!
4	My two dogs are both rescues who were abused by their prior owner and one has some lingering health issues, so I tend to be in my vet's office almost as frequently as most people see their child's pediatrician.If I was rating Goodyear Animal Hospital on service, alone, they would have 5 stars-- more if possible. They are very thorough and communicative. There was one instance that one of my dogs was very ill and had to stay at the clinic for the day for observation and IV's, and I received a phone call about once every hour or so with updates on how he was doing. Same thing with dentals: they will call you as your dog is going under to assure you that they are handling the anesthesia okay, then have a tech call you during the procedure to give you any updates about any gum infections, teeth that need pulled, etc, then call you when they are done, then give you an update as your dog is coming out of the anesthesia to let you know they are waking up okay. This isn't a clinic where you will ever have to wonder if your pet is doing okay or what is wrong with them-- you will be kept in the loop! They are open 7 days a week, and until 7pm on weekdays. This is fantastic because you don't have to go to an emergency vet (who wouldn't have any of your pet's records or background information) if your pet gets sick on a weekend or if you come home from work and see that something is wrong. My only complaint about this clinic is that their costs are outrageous. They charge over twice as much for dentals as my last vet, and EVERYTHING requires a "doctor visit fee" which is something like $55. I had a particularly frustrating experience where I went in to get vaccinations for both of my dogs, one week later arranged to board the dogs, and found out that the boarding facility required a 6 month booster on a particular vaccination which normally is good for a year. I had to pay an additional $100+ in doctors visit fees for my 2 dogs to be there 5 minutes for a shot when we were just there literally the week before. They will also calculate your estimate to include unnecessary things that you have to request to be taken off. For example, my dog had a blood blister on his ear that needed to be drained. They had added an extra $100 something on the estimate to do a microscope analysis of his ear wax to make sure he didn't have an ear infection. I asked the nurse if she couldn't tell whether or not he had an ear infection by looking at his ear (I'll admit his ears did need cleaned, but they weren't infected-- they weren't inflamed or red or irritating him), and she looked in his ears manually and said "Well, they actually don't look bad, I guess you'd be okay if you didn't want us to do that." The procedure for draining the blister still ended up being almost double what many other vets charge.  They also tried to tell me he needed a dental cleaning ("We might as well take care of it while he is here"), but he had just had one about 4 months before and we brush his teeth regularly.He had a tiny bit of tartar, but nothing to warrant the several hundred dollars they charge for a cleaning. They do have no-interest payment plans, but I definitely think they take advantage of worried pet-parents who don't know what is necessary and what isn't. The only reason I put up with their pricing rather than going somewhere else is because I have no doubt my dogs are well taken care of at this clinic.
5	I, like so many other pet mommies, am incredibly choosy when it comes to veterinary care for my dog. We moved from a small area in California over a year ago where he had been going to a Vet that my family had been seeing for years, who was also a family friend. Well my pup was coming due for his vaccinations, and seemed to be bothered with an ear infection too. I knew it was time to bite the bullet and find a vet. I was so pleased to find this place on yelp with such great reviews, because it is literally around the corner from my house! They made it very easy to come in for the first time. All the staff were extremely kind and welcoming. They seemed to take a genuine interest in my pooch (I mean, he is pretty awesome) and were quick to get me back to a room. After a quick assessment with the vet tech we got to meet the vet. She took a look at his ear, gave it a sniff, and said she didn't want to charge me to run tests for something looking minor. She sent me with an antibiotic ear cleaner and said if it didn't improve in a week I should bring him back in for tests. I was so pleased that she didn't immediately push for expensive and pointless testing! Of course she took care of the vaccinations too, and for the office visit, vaccinations, and treatment, I didn't leave with too big of a hole in my wallet! I even got a follow up call the next day (a Saturday!) to make sure that my scruffmuffin wasn't having a bad reaction to anything! What an easy, pleasant, and refreshing experience! I hope I don't have to go back too soon, but will definitely be back when needed! Thank you Goodyear Animal Hospital!
5	Having recently moved to the Phoenix area, after living in the same area in the NW for years, I now need to find health care providers for both myself and my dog.  That can be very stressful, and I want to make vet visits for her to be as stress free as possible.  I Yelped vets in the Avondale area and Goodyear Animal Hospital had great ratings, so I called on Friday to make an appointment as my girl needed to get updated on her vaccinations.  I thought I would need to wait several days or even have to wait for a week until I was completely free NEXT weekend.  No, my appointment was for the very next day (yesterday). Everyone that we dealt with were awesome.  My girl is a little leery of new people and environments and they quickly made her feel comfortable and they answered all my questions and discussed the differences in environment between here and the NW and what we should be watching for and the reason for why a different vaccination schedule.Goodyear Animal Hospital is awesome and Mina's new health care provider.  :)
5	Thanks to Dr. Schomburg, Amanda, and all the caring and compassionate staff.  Although I was a few dollars short on the bill, Dr. Schomburg still took excellent care of my pet, and treated us both with dignity. I wish I had found this hospital sooner.  If I get any pets in the future, Goodyear Animal Hospital will be the provider for all our veterinarian services.
5	Took my dog here because he was feeling under the weather. Staff is extremely pleasant and helpful. They loved my Aspen and made him feel comfortable. I transferred vets and I can say this is one of the best in the Goodyear/west valley area. The exam, a shot and some fluids was reasonably priced and I'm happy to say that within a few hours my baby was back to his old self again. I'm happy that I found such caring staff and I will definitely be taking him back for future appointments. =]]
5	I'm new to the area and have not established a vet in town yet. Our puppy recently came down with a limp, so I took him here based on the good reviews. They were very wonderful & understanding of my ridiculously crazy 6 month old labrador! They treated him minimally just in case it wasn't anything serious. The next day I received a phone call from the vet asking how my pup was, which was wonderful. We ended up taking him back since he did not improved, so they decided to take X-rays. They were very busy that day, but got my dog sedated & gave him X-rays very quick. Being a worried "mom" I was very nervous, but they took such good care of him. You can really tell all of the staff members love their job! The vet went over the X-rays shortly after & thank goodness nothing was wrong. We'll definitely bring our dog or cat back if needed. Military discount is very much appreciated!
5	Took our mini dachshund in on Saturday for an emergency visit. Not only was the staff friendly and amazingly helpful, they got our guy back on his feet quickly.Officially our go to vet and the only place we'll use. I've been avoiding finding a new vet because we've had some bad experiences but now that we've got a go to I'm so much more comfortable.
4	I like so many others who's reviews I've read am new to the area, and much like the others dreaded the thought of finding a new vet for my furry friends after leaving behind a vet I loved in my former home! I drive past this clinic every night on my way home and had several acquaintances recommend them so when the time came I thought I'd give them a try! First impression, beautiful clinic! Very accommodating to my scheduling needs, friendly, gentle with my buddy, loved them right away, and had it not been for one tiny other detail this review would be done with 5 stars and I'd be on my couch watching the movie I'm supposed to be watching.....that tiny factor?!?! Like so many others mentioned, the price!!! Kinda scary! Infact had me in tears! I actually wanted to go home, curl up and cry! That $53 office charge kills your wallet in addition to the treatment and medications! Especially when your pet requires a recheck 3 days later for another $53+!!!! I feel so conflicted!!! My dog and I loved them but I'm just not sure if we can afford to continue going there for care! It literally set me back a few hundred dollars for a minor injury that would've been less than half that at my old vet! Wish they'd re-examine their pricing schedule or at the very least give a break on the recheck fee and vaccinations maybe shouldn't require the $53 office charge....in that case they might actually be the perfect veterinary clinic!!!!
5	I've been coming to this animal hospital ever since I had a bunny that died of dehydration. The animal hospital did everything they could to help me, and after the bunny passed away, the hospital sent me a card wishing for the best. a few months later, my chihuahua got into a fight with one of my bigger dogs, and they were just as patient and understanding as they had been with the rabbit. Since I went to college in Tempe, I tried finding another hospital out there, but when my chihuahua came down with a stomach illness, I had no doubt to drive almost an hour out to the hospital to make sure my dog got the very best treatment. I will never take my animals to another place in the valley! Definitely recommend this hospital 100%.
