3	This place is right down the street from my house, so I end up here rather than Home Depot 9 times out of 10.  Unfortunately, I find their prices to be substantially higher than Home Depot.  Location wins, though, so they get my business.  I will say that Lowe's always feels cleaner and newer than Home Depot, and the people seem friendlier and more helpful.
3	They're all ok & similar cuz where else are u going to go if you need a hedge trimmer or paint or weed killer?
4	Despite this being further from me, and a little pricer (though not by much) than a closer Home Depot, I find myself favoring this Lowe's. Why? The self-check is fast and well staffed, and this has the cleanest aisles and bathroom of any hardware store I've ever had to use. Yeah, I know. Weird thing to say about a hardware store, but there you go. This one is clean.
3	Dave: Standard issue Lowe'sSheila: This store is huge! A better selection of items than Home Depot.  The store itself was clean and neatly organized.The staff were friendly and helpful.The bathrooms were grosse!
1	Is Lisa still there? The girl that made head cashier within three months for sleeping with the assistant manager? The same girl who hooked up with four other married employees?? Just curious. I actually came in on time, did my job the best of my ability, and stayed out of the drama. Damn, I was doing it all wrong. Lisa has brown hair, originally worked at Bikinis, and is about as bright as a hallow concrete block.
5	Flooring Department - Grant is awesome.  I am so thrilled with the personal service I received from Grant.  I highly recommend you visit Grant if you need any flooring.
2	A couple days ago I walked into my garage before work and noticed that there was 2 feet of water on the floor. The water heater had blown it's top and was shooting water like Old Faithful. When I opened the garage door to let the water out, the current grew so strong that it washed me out with it. I went to Lowes to buy a new water heater, and the guy working there was pretty helpful. He told me that there was no delivery charge for the water heater so I was pretty happy. When I was just about to pay, another worker comes up and tells me that there is a $68.00 charge for delivery. It's common to find workers who aren't on the same page here in Summerlin. Summerlin has very incompetent service at most places(and when I say most, I mean ALL). Living in Summerlin is basically like living inside a Special Ed class at a middle school. Well, I then decided to throw the water heater on top of my very small but gas efficient Toyota(the water heater wouldn't fit inside), and drive back home. While I was in the parking lot I got approached by a pretty girl wearing hollister jean shorts and a shirt that looked like it was from Forever 21. I could see her smartphone in the back pocket of her jeans, and she seemed really well groomed... but she asked me for money. I was like: "Are you f*cking joking me? You ain't homeless. Your just too lazy to get a real job!" Then less than like 5 minutes later another f*cking guy comes up to me and tells me that he is a college student who is trying to get donations so that he can pay for tuition because he can't get a student loan. What the f*cking f*ck? I thought Jesus(aka Obama) passed some kind of law that made it mandatory for colleges to give student loans to their students? I was under that perception because all the f*cking college kids who are d*ckriding Obama have been saying that for the last 3 months. Well, I didn't tell this guy to f*ck off, I just told him to vote for Mitt Romney.  When I took the water heater out of the package I noticed that it did not come with the dielectic nipples, the pressure relief valve, and the f*cking thing had a giant dent in it! I know that dents in your water heater are purely cosmetic, but I payed $400 for a f*cking brand new water heater and I would really expect it to actually look "brand new". Okay, so 2 hours later I finish connecting the water heater to the outlets. This was really f*cking hard on account of the fact that installing a water heater is usually a 2 person job. Picking up that motherf*cking heavy water heater and putting it up on the stand was extremely tough for a kid like me who only weights like 145 lbs. Okay, everything went well and I went back into my house. As I am sitting on my chair in front of my laptop, I notice that my whole house smells like gas. I was like: "HOLY F*CKING SH*T!" and I ran out to shut off the gas. Apparently, these models of water heater they sell at Lowes needs a special nipple to prevent gas from leaking out and causing your f*cking house to blow up. So, I had to go back and forth to the hardware store like 4 times that day to buy the dielectric nipples, the pressure relief valve, the new gas nipple, and a blow torch. I needed the blow torch because when my previous water heater blew up, it destroyed a water pipe with it. That day was a f*cking abomination of epic proportions.
3	I like this store and go to it when I need home improvement stuff. It's just so annoying that everytime I am there and I need help there is never an employee in sight. I'll walk for aisles looking for someone and I can never find an employee. I always have to ring the bell in the aisle and wait. It's just annoying.And don't even start with me and the orders that I have placed. After buying our home my husband and I place a few orders here and everyone is so helpful while you're placing the order and after it is placed, all Hell breaks loose. Our orders were never done on time, the orders that came in were wrong or damaged, or even if you go in with your paperwork they have NO idea what you are talking about and they cannot find you in their computer system. Don't ever order anything from them.
2	Was trying to purchase an entry door, but found it very difficult when they were going to charge us an extra 300 to modify the door which it did not need.  Spent an hour waiting for them to fix a computer problem,  Went to a company that specialized in doors which was 500 cheaper.
3	Great selection, good prices, friendly staff. It's like Home Depot with less offensive aprons.
2	Moved back to LV after 4 yrs & had a lot of fixing up to do. I use to love this store because the staff is much more helpful than at HD where they often seem to avoid customers. BUT the stock at Lowe's is in bad shape. Time after time they didn't have what I needed & I had to go to HD anyway.
1	Store is running on a shoe string, there are not enough employees to handle the store not to mention the employees . Appear to be on edge, which leaves me to be leave there is a management problem
3	i think I like this store because I hate learning the layout of new stores. I love the layout because everything is easy to find. The problem I have is that its sometimes a pain in the butt to find someone to help. Another problem I had was with the guy in the chain cutting section. I asked him to cut 1 yard of chain for me. His response was "we don't sell it by the yard." Well that's pretty dumb because I asked for 3 feet and he cut it. Apparently, he doesn't know basic measurements. On the up side, the cashiers are always excellent.
