1	This place is a rip off! They charges 900$ for an alternator their diagnostics fees and labor costs are ridiculous! After they said they fixes the problem I got in and the problem was still there, I'll never go their again
1	I showed up a few minutes early for my appointment.  Asked how long it would be and was told 30 minutes.  I agreed.  Then the attendant told me it might be 15 mins before they could pull my car in (so 45 minutes total) and I agreed.  I left my key and phone number.  About a hour and 15 minutes later I hadn't heard anything so I checked in.  They hadn't gotten to my car.  When I asked about it I was told that they were a little behind and that the mechanic handling that area was going to soon finish with the car that was scheduled in front of me.  So you're running 1.5 hours behind when I show up for my appointment but still quote me 30 minutes for my service?  I don't plan to bother returning.
4	I've switched over to Woody's from my previous mechanic. Yes, Woody's is slightly more expensive than Jed who's fixing cars out in his backyard, but Woody's takes care of me every time. They have always fixed my car on time. Sometimes, they can fix it immediately with no wait. The waiting rooms have wifi, tv, coffee, etc. It's much nicer than any waiting room I've ever seen at a mechanic shop. Staff is always friendly. They are good at explaining what needs to be done and what can wait. My previous mechanic was a worrier and always wanted me to get everything done immediately. Highly recommend if you are willing to play slightly more for a smooth, painless experience. There is one time in particular where I was actually surprised at how cheap the bill was. Not saying that happens every time, but I do appreciate that they keep the costs down when they can.As of this writing, there are two negative reviews for this location. I'm not saying that they didn't have a subpar experience, I just wanted to weigh in to say that I, personally, have never had a negative experience with Woody's.The only reason I didn't give them a five star review is that they can be more expensive than some other places. (Wouldn't we all love cheaper mechanic bills?)
1	Nice to know they are trying to replace 12 spark plugs on my 6 cylinder car to the tune of $1000.  It would be nice if there was honest automotive shop in South Charlotte that could be trusted.   Oh, and they charged me almost $100 to diagnosis my "problem"!
