2	This store is kinda grody.  It's small.  It's always crowded and the lines are really long.It's an older store in an older strip mall in a not-so-good part of town, but it's near me and sometimes I end up here getting a little somethin'-somethin' and I always kinda regret it.  It's poorly stocked, always a bit dirty, and smells a little funny.Take the time and run southeast a few blocks and hit up Sunflower instead.  It's worth it.
3	I just stopped by to get some bottled water and juice...and I ended up buying a grip of stuff for breakfast tomorrow.  I think they must have cleaned-up the place since the 1st person who reviewed it.  I stopped-in at about 10:30 P.M. and it was not too busy, well stocked and the guy at check-out was nice (and a sight for sore eyes may I add).  He even checked the 2 egg cartons I was purchasing to make sure they weren't broken.  AWWW!!!  I'm glad I found this Albertson's on the way to my time share!
4	I liked this Albertsons.  Right next door to my friends house so it was nice to stop by to pick up some beverages.  The desert is a hot hot place so I had to keep hydrated.,  I did so by picking up some Smirnoff every day and random mixers like Sparkling grape soda and organic lemonade.
3	Came here to get some booze. Okay pricing. The location is less sketch than the one on Maryland
5	My husband and I got married a little over 2 years ago at The Monte Carlo, but we live in southern California. I needed to order a wedding cake that was affordable and that I could pick up and pay for once I was in Las Vegas for my wedding. The bakery manager was extremely helpful and helped me order my cake over the phone and she arranged for me to be able to pick up and pay for my cake the day of my wedding. It was amazing customer service and the cake was awesome too! I would recommend that anyone use Albertson's bakery for their wedding cake needs. You will NOT be disappointed!
2	They have a lot of things you need but let me tell you why my review is so low. I'm a college student, I was up late one night studying and then I went over for some snacks and an energy drink. So they made me wait for ten minutes because of the computers or something like that. There was about 8 other people behind me waiting during those ten minutes and then finally a lady came over so we could get the line moving. She took her sweet time AND she answered her cell phone during the check out! I was so angry because it was rude when we were all wanting to leave. It wasn't an emergency call just a "hey how ya doin" call! I must say I have never wanted to not go back to a store as bad as this. They got two stars because they have good food.
2	The store is always stinky. It smells like death and cinnamon. They are coupon friendly, so if you're used to being around dead people who loved to chew Big Red gum, please do shop here.
3	My hotel concierge recommended this Albertsons as the best supermarket in town.  I was a bit taken aback when I arrived in the dimly lit parking lot.  Upon being flanked left and right by guy looking for spare change for bus and guy who looked like he was holding about ten grams of crack, I rushed inside only to find no shopping carts or baskets.  After wandering the store for nearly ten minutes not finding any carts, I asked an employee who said they were stored away because the store was closing (it was only 8:30pm).  Having to balance all the groceries including eggs was an experience.  Checkout lanes were closed, however, the guy checking everyone out (Jeff B.), was very nice and even gave me a courtesy card after learning we were from out of town.  Prices still seemed on the higher side except for the wine and liquor which was a bargain.  Not sure if there are nicer supermarkets around (or ones open later), but I would forego this Albertson's if you don't have a car and a lot of spare quarters.  Stick to Cirque Du Soleil for the entertainment.  Parking lot on premises.
1	Gross.  The parking lot was full of sketchy people including a guy dressed in fake Marine Corp. gear holding a huge American flag (in the rain) with a kid as his sidekick, aggressively asking for "donations."  Once we got inside, we noticed the floors were filthy and it smelled really, really bad.  There were no carts inside the store, or in front of the store so my husband had to go back out into the parking lot to find one.  The rest of the store was your average Albertson's but just smaller and more cramped.  Weird, weird people shopping in this store.  At one point, my son was picking out a box of cereal and a roided out juicehead with biceps the size of watermelons walked past him and said "f**king girly bullshit" under his breath!  Seriously?  Over a box of Honey Nut Cheerios??  LOL!!  At least we had something to laugh about for the rest of our trip.   The check-out line was painfully slow and we had to walk by fake Marine flag guy again, but we got what we needed to stock our hotel room and we know to go somewhere else next time.
3	After avoiding this Albertsons for over a year I decided to give it another go. My previous visits had found it to be messy, smelly and a long wait in line.I suspect they remodeled in subtle ways, as it looked clean and no longer stank like rancid fish. Before I stopped going there over a year ago the smell was present on several visits. I have not encountered the stench recently.The produce section was nicely organized, and there were a few specifically vegan/vegetarian options, as well as a decent selection of cheese. The only other aisle I went to was the soda aisle, where I bought my favorite knockoff brand of diet Dr. Pepper, diet Dr. Chill.I can't remember if the self-checkout machines were there last year, but they were an improvement over the long lines in the regular checkout. Unfortunately the one I used had a sign that stated there was a 90 second delay on receipts and cash back, and that proved to be true. So much for saving time!The prices for what I bought were fair, although everything I got was on sale. Assuming I don't encounter that smell again I'll be back in the future.
1	Worst Albertsons I have been to in this entire town.Nothing really else to say.
4	this is my grocery store. great prices on food and a friendly staff. store is always stocked really well.
1	This place is small, has a poor selection, indifferent staff and perhaps most important, it smells. It smells bad. Like something is rotting somewhere. Now what I want to encounter in a place that sells food. Avoid this location for anything that isn't sealed somewhere else.
4	Are you kidding me 2 and a half stars?! This Albertson's location definitely deserves an average of at least 3, but in my book they deserve 4. This main reason for the 4 star review is because this is probably the best grocery store in the area. Their produce is fresh and there is a deli, bakery and butcher services available as well. Although it is rather small it can be considered a good or bad thing. Some people like the bigger locations because of the variety of products available, but this smaller location makes it easier to find the items you need without having to walk across the footage of a football field. The staff is pleasant for the most part and they have self check out lanes. The florist selection is fresh most of the time.  I think shoppers who are used to their suburban grocery stores feel let down if they need to make a quick stop at this location. In general, Albertson's is nicer and a little bit classier than Vons and Smith's, however with that being said it comes with a slight bit higher price tag. The main complaints I have about this particular Albertson's is the "hot wing bar" doesn't look as fresh later during the day (unlike at another location it looked appealing even at late afternoon) and the sketchy people walking around begging for spare change outside the entrance.
1	This is a great Albertsons.  Great location, friendly staff, reasonable price.Watch out.  Be very careful when you purchase gift cards here, especially $500 Visa or AMEX gift cards.I bought a $500 Gift Card (GC) in October 2013.   Within 2 hours, some one was able to use a duplicated gift card to purchase almost $500 worth of staff about 4 miles north of the store.I talked to the store Manager and he is aware of the problem.  It could be an inside job.  Someone open the package using steam and get all the card information, seal the GC package and place it back on the rack.  The team  would wait for someone to buy this GC and they'll use a previously duplicated card and go shopping.  The team may need someone working at the store to notify their teammate that a card is purchased and loaded with $500 and they can go shopping.Before you buy a GC, don't take the one in the front.  Try to get the ones that are at the top or bottom (not at eye level) and don't take the front one. Take one in the back of the stack.  Also examine for signs that it could have been steamed and tempered with.   This is a very sophisticate scheme and it should involve someone working from the inside who knows when people has purchased a GC that has been tempered with.This is a great store.  Just be very careful when you purchase high $ Gift Cards.  I was a victim.
2	The location of this store is good (proximity wise to the strip) but I always am very aware of my surroundings when in the parking lot as there tend to be a lot of loitering from shady characters and the homeless.  Inside the store is pretty old and small, and while I go there for my basics (cereal, bread & milk) I don't know how likely I am to get items outside of that.For the basics, the store does get it done, I just wish the inside/outside was nicer.
2	Although Albertson's is open 24/7, I suggest that one goes during the day. We have been long time customers and worked with the store's issues. One of the issues are the vagrants who turn the inside and outside of the store into their "home." They urinate outside (the smell gives it away) and beg for money. With our famous desert heat, that stench doesn't take long to offend the nose. The benches and sidewalks outside of the store are filthy. Apparently, the store does not clean the premises.Inside the store the deli is never available to give service. The blond woman is usually outside smoking. Security is useless and his mentally ill homeless girlfriend comes to the store to eat the fruit (Pacific cherries seem to be her favorite) and cause trouble to paying customers by threatening bodily harm. When we complained to management of this incident, he was reluctant to do anything until a witness came forward in our favor. This store is the epitome of "rachet"; as I do not have a formal word in the English language to describe the latter in a nutshell.I did speak to management about this and he said that he would take care of it, but that it would take a while because he is new. The director sounded sincere. Given how long these problems have been going, we'll see if he succeeds. In the meantime (while the store gets cleaned up), there are other stores that one can shop at night in peace such as Smart and Final (close at 9 p.m.), Marianas ('till 11 p.m.) and the 24-hour Walmarts. The Asian and Hispanic groceries in town have good provisions as well.
2	While they consistently have the lowest milk prices,  and the staff is friendly, DO NOT GO AT NIGHT. Scary people hanging in the parking lot. People walking right up to your car. I don't feel safe there at night by myself. And all of their electric shopping carts have been stolen, so if you are disabled like me, skip it altogether.
5	I frequent this Albertson's about once a week and I never have a problem here. I highly recommend Eva in the deli as she is awesome! She goes above and beyond to ensure we have everything I need. Their turkey fruit and nut salad is amazing!
