3	Big Bus Tours / Open Top Sightseeing is  double decker bus in Vegas where you can hop on and off the bus at different locations.  It's a good way to see Vegas but not in the hot summer days - these buses are not air conditioned and the kiosks that sell the tickets will tell you that they do have air... We bought our tickets at Planet Hollywood but they are not connected to the hotel. There were 7 of us and since my parents were with us and in their 70's, we asked if the lower level was air conditioned. Michael at the kiosk said absolutely - so we bought our tickets and then he proceeded to tell us that they were non refundable.  We get to the bus and none of them have air. This was in August so my folks could only go to the first stop and had to get off and go back to the hotel.  The rest of us suffered through it.  The tour is good but it took us awhile to get over being tricked - they let you off at some fun places and the guides were pretty good.
4	Hot! Brig a hat, sunscreen, and a water. Out of the three tour guides we had, we only enjoyed one. It was the blonde lady from Ft. Worth, TX. She was fun and gave us great advice on places to go.
4	Ok, this is not for everyone but it was fun and got us around Vegas our first free day of a conference. We bought a groupon bringing this down to $22 apiece for the day AND night tour after another $10 groupon comeon/discount - thank you very much, that was a deal. You'll drop $25 on your first couple taxi rides no problem.Study the maps and be prepared to find that first stop to get on because then you can just ride and see where they are, not always easy to find. Free bottled water, you can take it back to your hotel and sell it for $5.We got on late afternoon the first day, and that somehow let us ride the next day as well. We never did the evening tour which is not a get on and off tour. Jumping on and off was perfect for us as well as we did enjoy the constant chatter, tips and assistance of the Big Bus people. Eduardo told us about the make a reservation at the Top of the World restaurant for lunch the day before and SAVED $18 apiece on the elevator fee for what turned out to be our BEST non-buffet white table cloth lunch of the week. Eduardo also had a number of other helpful tips, we liked him and tipped him well.As I said it is NOT for everyone. You need to be pretty nimble frankly to go up and down the semicircular stair to the top and not trip over their mike cords etc and it is slick if you get a little rain or spilled drinks. The top is the place to be and they do have a sun netting for those 104 degree days, NO AC.  Lots of photo ops and we found this to be a fun group of people, tour operators and fellow passengers. So if you are still fun, just do it.
3	A good value for your money.Considering the aggravation of dealing with traffic, parking, and cost of gas; it's worth the money! My wife and I found a deal on Groupon, where we saved $6.00 per person.This is a great tour for someone who's interested in photography! It gives you an Angle, which you could never get by foot, or car.It's a hop on hop off tour, so you can see all of the main tourist attractions, in one day.The tour guides are informative, friendly, and always willing to take your picture.The only downfall is the web site. We spent an hour in our room, trying to figure out how to get on the tour. The site is not iPhone friendly, the only phone number we found, directed us to The Paris.Finding our stop was almost impossible. So we lost a lot of time trying to get on the tour. However, once we were on, it was awesome!
1	Very hard to find pick up bus stop from the Cosmopolitan. Then I found out that the copious advertising was worse than misleading, it was downright wrong! The advertising suggested you could get on and off their buses all day long as if they had lots of buses running! Not true! Only 1 or 2 buses, and they may make no stops at all!     The tour narrator did seem knowledgeable, and somewhat friendly.
4	Big Bus Tours is a great way to see the Las Vegas Strip and Downtown.  The staff are pleasant and professional.  The tour guides are knowledgeable and entertaining.  If it rains, they provide ponchos.  I'd tour with Big Bus again!
5	We love this tour. We do it almost every time we visit Vegas. We always have a Groupon making it around $21 for a day tour. Sure, we love the sights but it's cheap transportation. We go up and down the strip, to downtown, stop at Slots A Fun, back to Excalibur, etc. It saves you a TON in cab care and you don't have to walk 5 miles to each monorail station. Of course it's frustrating because they drive the strip and traffic is bad. They are often late. But what do you expect? You see how cars drive. It's congested. I don't blame them for being late. They deserve gratuity. Don't be a jerk and tip them. In the summer, they gave us cold bottles of water at the Circus Circus stop. Free. They were all nice. We will do it again.
4	Booked the night bus tour with this company.  Bookings are easily made online.  We met the bus at the back of the Excalibur hotel.  Excalibur is an interesting hotel to walk through but it's casino reeks of decades of cigarette smoke which they try to mask with this horrible vanilla smelling air freshener.  The tour was pretty decent the best part is the trip through old vegas and neon alley where you get to see the Golden Nugget and the old Stardust sign and iconic neon cowboy & cowgirl Vegas Vic & Sassy Sally.  Fremont St has been cleaned up but still has some of its real Vegas character.  Here you see the real denizens of Vegas.  It's a welcome change from the glitzy over commercialized strip.  Prices for souvenirs, drinks and food are more reasonable.  Night tour is best to experience the full effect of Fremont St.  We sat on the upper level of the bus which gives you the best viewing experience but the winds while driving were pretty strong so I would recommended if you wish to sit on the upper deck to bring both a hat and scarf.  Our guide (his name escapes me) was fantastic he was very informative.
5	I had the pleasure of taking the tour with Samantha and Jessica. They were both funny and informative. I've been to Vegas several times. They gave out crazy facts that I never knew. So besides sitting in the sun and seeing Vegas from a different perspective its a pretty nice ride.      They go out to the Vegas Sign, Pawn Stars shop.. stop in and see Chumlee. They also go toFreemont Street and everywhere else you want and need to go.     However before you book it check Groupon there are usually some smokin deals. They offer the tour with other tours or meals included.
1	I have to agree with Hal N. We talked to Kathy by the Tropicana hotel. She said the bus stopped so you could get off at the shops. We couldn't even find the bus stops what a liar she was .  Charged us 76.00 dollars. If you want a good bus that does stop for the shops get the RTC bus pass for 8.00 dollars for 24 hours. Much better deal.
5	This review is for our tour guide, Debbie, who is a true gem and a great asset to this company.My Mom and I took both the Fremont Street and The Strip tour during the day.  Debbie was our guide for the Fremont Street/Downtown Las Vegas tour, and that turned out to be the real prize.  I thought that I would really only enjoy the tour of the strip but, in fact, it was quite the opposite.  Debbie gave us great details about the mob museum, hotel bankruptcy, the brain institute, and many other awesome facts about Las Vegas.  She is hilarious and has a laugh that is totally contagious.  It makes the tour fly by, and I wish we were able to spend more time picking her brain about the great history of Las Vegas.I, too, utilized the Groupon and saved quite a bit of money.  In fact, I probably would not have gone without it.  It is worth the $38 I paid, though.  Tons of fun, great history, and one amazing tour guide!5 stars.
2	5 stars for Debbie our tour guide, 0 stars for Grey Line's online presence and customer service. The pick up location from the Cosmopolitan is difficult to find. It says right outside the Miracle MIle Shops @ Planet Hollywood but there are at least three entrances (two on the strip and one around the corner from the strip). When I called the customer service number at 10am to get clarification I received was a voice mail :( with a returned phone call at 2 in the afternoon! Do they think people will wait that long for their returned call? Gheez! And, when I did get a phone call back, she didn't provide me the information requested (exact details of the pick up location) she told me to call back AGAIN. DUH! Like I would call back again. :- A fifth grader could do better at customer service.HELLO? Anyone home? Anyone know anything about online web presence? Apparently not, because your online presence was frustrating for me, the user. Now let's talk about your online store called their website. When you search for them, the online website from England has better SEO than their own site here in the States- or don't they have a domestic web site, because that would be well,  absurd, wouldn't it? What about online conversions, people? Do you know what a conversion is? It's critical actions that lead to revenue. You have none on your site. If I'm a customer (which I am) and I want to consume your product, what are my actions? What do I want/need to know from your website and what will I need to do to give you revenue? I will need to know: 1) Do you operate the day I want to go? ( I couldn't find on the site what days the business operates) 2) How much? (that was easy to find on the site) 3) Where can I catch the bus (how about a map with pick up locations on the home page? Don't think the map you have helps us one bit. If I can even access the map - which I could only do on my computer and not my cell phone-the font is so small, you can't even read what it says. 4) When I can catch the bus 5) Can I buy online or on the bus? If I can buy online would I get a pass that I can show from my cell phone because I didn't have a printer in my hotel room.( this information is only found in the FAQ section) Thanks for hiding that information on your site. I waited until I got on the bus and found out from others on the tour that I could buy a Groupon and save some money. Thank you Grey Line. These 5 things should be conversion buttons on your home page. You might get more customers and have happier ones too if you had an internet person handling your internet.Let now talk about mobile....do you know it's the fastest growing segment of internet users? I guess not because you don't have a mobile enabled site. Why would you do that? It's not like tourists are using their phones.....for EVERYTHING while on vacation.Again, HELLO? Anyone home? User interface scores a whopping zero. Customer experience on the bus...above average to great depending on your guide.
5	As part of a Surprise 50th Birthday celebration, we took the Big Bus Tour.  Being "locals" we don't often get a chance to just be tourists.  This was the best decision to enjoy what the strip and this city has to offer.  Have told many friends and co-workers that this tour is a MUST!!  Our tour guide and driver (DJ) were awesome...just wish the guide read the note I handed him: I wanted the entire bus to sing happy birthday to my partner.  Oh well.I checked "moderate" as the price range, but with my Groupon purchase, it brought the price for me to inexpensive.
5	We did the bus tour, with the day and night package. This is an excellent way to see. Las Vegas, get many facts and take excellent photos.  The ease of hopping on and off the bus allowed us to check out many different areas of the city!  we had Ramon and Blake as guides and they were both fun, great guides! This is a great way to see the lights and happening things on the Strip and on Fremont street!  Well worth the price we got lots out of it!
4	I am a big fan of hop on hop off bus tours when I travel.  Today, I went down to OLD Las Vegas, Debbie was my tour guide and she was funny, witty and full of knowledge.  Can't wait to hop on and go down to the main strip tonight!
5	We have been to Vegas a dozen times so we scheduled this tour simply to be able to see the lights and excitement of the strip from the open top deck of the bus. We had no idea that we were going to get a Vegas history lesson as well as hear interesting facts about the various properties etc. Our tour guide, Ernesto, was very friendly as well as funny. The only thing I would change was he did speak a little too much in Spanish, BUT the tour bus did have 3 groups of folks that spoke it so it made sense. I would just have preferred to be in on the jokes too. Other than that, I thought the tour was fabulous, and I would recommend it to anyone. Already planning my next Vegas trip with some folks that didn't go this time and this tour is definitely on my must do list.
5	If you're looking for the best way to see Las Vegas, then make sure you hop-on board Big Bus Las Vegas! They have two route, a Red (Strip) Route and a Blue (Downtown) Route and over twenty stops. The Red route covers the entire Las Vegas Strip and takes about an hour and a half for the Strip portion of the tour. The Blue route covers Downtown Las Vegas, which is the Historic side of Las Vegas where it all started in the early 1900's. The Downtown route takes about an hour and fifteen minutes. Both the Red and Blue route are included in your day tour ticket. Keep in mind every tour starts and stops at Circus Circus. The complete tour takes about three hours in total, depending on traffic. If you're looking to see the bright lights of Vegas, make sure you check out their Night Tour that leaves from Circus Circus at 7pm or the Excalibur at 7:30pm. It's a great way to see Las Vegas after the sun goes down. Also, on the Night Tour they take you Downtown to the Golden Nugget and they drop you off for one hours time so you can experience the Fremont Street Experience. Definitely a tour not to be missed!!
5	Adam was amazing and funny had a blast on the big bus he talks to everyone keeps everyone laughing
5	Never pay full price, they have tuns of deals. Great hop on hop off tour with friendly tour guides and very accomidating. I recommend the night and day tour combo.
3	Thought the tour was 5 star worthy, but a snafu in the route and being stranded downtown made me take away 2 stars.We boarded at Excalibur and started our strip tour.  Our guide was very informative, offering information and answering questions along the way.After ended at Circus Circus, we hopped on the downtown route and had an amazing tour guide!  He was funny and smart!They drove the routes and pointed out stops along the way. We wanted to get off downtown so we got off the bus at the Golden Nugget.After walking around 2 hours on freemont street, we timed it to get the last bus pickup back to the strip.It was 6:25pm and pickup at Freemont St East was scheduled for 6:40.  We got there at 6:28 to be early as to not miss the bus.  Since we didnt stop there on the first leg, we werent exacty sure what corner to stand on, but we figured we would find the bus.10 minute later - nothing15 minutes later - no bus20 minutes later, I call the phone number and ask where the downtown bus is.They tell its already heading back to town.I told them we were at the stop a good 15 minutes early and it never passed!  The dispatcher radioed to the driver and he expalined they skipped that stop because of a road closure.  WHAT?!? A road closure? and Me as a tourist am supposed to know this? The driver or tour guide NEVER said these pick-up locations would never be picked up from.  I cant belive that.So here we are  - stranded downtown, miles away from our hotel and forced to pay a taxi to get us back.  what a joke.They offered to turn the bus around and go pick us up at one of the downtown hotels...well I wasnt going to make a full busload of a people be inconvienced and put off their schedule.I could not belive they didnt offer me a seat or ride on the evening bus tour. Instead I had to shell out more cash to make my way back to the strip.
4	Was a great way to get information on numerous places on the strip and down town.  Hit all the high lights without trying to walk them all. Pretty good photo ops but you had to be ready to capture the subject really fast. I recommend not pre-booking, the weather and timing can make a huge difference.
