3	The food was quite good, but honestly - when your order is two burgers & fries (and the rather amazing homemade ding dong) and you're the only customers, waiting 30-40 mins for your food seems rather insane. Would give them one more shot, but the food is not that gourmet (or just good in general) to warrant such an excessive wait.
5	This is my 2nd time here... the first time I ordered@the bar ... 24 hours!  Awesome angus burgers.  Right now I'm @the restaraunt.  You order upfront with the hostess.  You get a number just like @ fatburgers.  You walk up to the drink concession and help yourself.  The waitress brings you your order.... awesome food and service!!!  Ok this is an edited review now and I was happened to be approached by the manager who asked to make sure everything was going ok... wow awesome service... will come again!!!  Sorry I should have been the first to post this review but it didn't post and was still in draft... Ok now this is my 3rd time here and I just discovered they have deep fried twinkies and oreos... OMFG!  Jim and the waitress Tedra was awesome!!!
4	Saw a review in the SEVEN Magazine, so we went.  Good decision because the burgers were 9 out of 10.  We were luck because no one was behind us.  Being first-timers, the cashier took her time in explaining the ordering process.  Having choices of bread, toppings, etc is great.  We didn't care if we paid upfront, big deal.  The place is small, but very clean.  The waitress passed us and said service would be slow because they were short of staff (someone didn't show up for work).  BUT our food came out fast and hot.  The burgers were made the way we wanted and were GREAT.   The casino is small, but the Wild Burger really rocks.  Then why not 10 out of 10.  They can not compete with Bachi Burger or BLT, but they are in a different category.  We will be going back with a better idea of what to order.
4	I am such a fan of this place! It's open until 10 PM for seating and 24 hrs for food from the bar. Service is rather quick. Employees are nice and it's typically not packed. You even seat yourselves!I really like their boneless wings, but their burgers are good too. They have some cool desserts here (e.g. deep fried Twinkies), but I haven't tried any of them. They have a small selection of breakfast items as well. Did I mention drinks are refillable and that you refill them yourself? No more getting mad at your waiter/waitress for never coming to refill your drink. The best part is that the food is super affordable. Enjoy!
4	We decided to try Wildburger after finding a Groupon NOW! deal. The groupon was $10 for $20 worth of food. Orders are put in at a counter and then you are sent to a table with a number to signify your order number. My boyfriend and I both ordered burgers with fries and we ordered a basket of onion strings on the side to share. Service-Great, enjoyed conversation with the cashier and the waitress was friendly and on top of thingsPrice-Pretty amazing with the groupon. I paid $10 for the groupon and then $4.25 cash for remainder with tip. So, $14.25 total (pretty much the same as any fast food burger chain) but enjoyed a much higher quality meal. Food- Excellent for the price. I had the WILDBURGER and it was delicious. The bun is outstanding and the toppings were fresh and abundant.I am definitely excited to return for some WINGS and chili.
4	Solid 3.5 stars.We got a Groupon for this place and decided to give it a try.  We like the atmosphere and all the choices.  The service is very nice and they go above and beyond to explain the many options and give recommendations.  I like that there are hand wipes on the table and plenty of napkins.  Good iced tea and convenient self-serve drink refill station.Be aware that, when requesting doneness, they tend to cook it a little more than you ask.  The onion strings and the ranch dressing didn't have much flavor.
2	This Wild Burger was located in the Wildfire Casino on S Rancho Dr in Las Vegas.  There were booths around the perimeter and tables in the middle.  There were 3 flatscreen tvs. We came for lunch and all the empty tables had dirty plates on them or still had crumbs on the tables and needed to be wiped down.We waited in line almost 10 minutes for the cashier to take our order.  We all ordered the Classic Cheeseburger which  is a 1/2 lb Angus Beef patty withTillamook cheese using a $20 Groupon.  We were really looking forward to this burger which my friends have had before and rave about it.Pink Lemonade came out of their water dispenser.  There was no utencil to pick up the sliced lemons.  The straws were way in the back and I had to move to coffee carafe to get to them.What we got was their Lunch Special-  a tiny 1/4 lb regular dry beef patty with regular cheese.  The fries were okay, but the onion strings were better.The server brought out the Deep Fried Twinkies a minute after she brought out the burgers.  So they got cold and weren't very good.  They advertise this dessert as Twinkies.  We all know that Hostess went out of business.  They were actually Little Debbies.We never saw the server again to ask for a fork.  My friends have more Groupons, but I won't be back.
4	First off, I would like to disclaim that my to-go order took a tad over 30 mins. Normally, I'd complain about that, but the NBA game was on and the repeat of the Ben Henderson UFC fight was playing, so it's all good.The burger chain is a pretty damn good deal even without a groupon. For a burger and seasoned fries, you're looking at $7. Not bad at all. I got the grilled chicken breast with cheddar, bacon, and a fried egg, along with the usual lettuce/pickles/tomato. The sandwich was awesome. Great flavor! I almost unhinged my jaw as swilled it whole.My coleslaw was a bit ordinary, but that is how I like it. Green cabbage and slaw sauce binding it together. Nothing funky.My wife got the burger and seasoned fries. The party was pretty good as well. A medium was cooked all the way through, not tough though. The fries were fresh, but a little too salty for me. Oh snap, we got wings too! I thought they were excellent. Not skimpy and not dripping with sauce. For 8 wings with celery and ranch, I want to say it was $6. Not too bad of a deal, to be honest.All in all, I'll definite go back. The groupon makes the decision that much more simple. ;)
4	Loved this place Burger was good and so were wings!The cashier/ waitress was awesome very friendly. We also had the deep fried Twinkies they tasted like funnel cake. Very good!
4	This place is awesome! Never would have thought to go here but my friend had a $20 for $10 Groupon. We both got a sandwich, side, and drink and it was almost $20. However on the way out I saw a sign (far away) that said they had a $4.99 lunch deal. Sneaky!I got a grilled chicken breast on the signature brioche bun with gruyere cheese and the toasted bun was AMAZING! Pickle planks were good too. The french fries were fantastic and I got garlic ketchup which was really good and the fried onion strings were excellent too. They have a good drink selection and before we left they gave us to-go cups so we could take refills with us. Staff is friendly. Only complaint is it took a long time for us to get our food. The decor is trendy looking. I also noticed they serve breakfast till 1pm and have made from scratch ding dongs! I definitely will be back, just might get my order to go on my short lunch break. You get a lot of food and did I mention the toasted brioche bun was AMAZING?!
2	This was my second visit because we had a coupon.  This Wild Burger was located in the Wildfire Casino on S Rancho Dr in Las Vegas.My friends still rave about their Classic Cheeseburger.  It wasn't anything special.  The onion strings were not freshly fried.We ordered one burger to go and we told them to bring it out in 15 minutes.  They brought it out within 5 minutes and it just sat there on our table as we finished our burgers.  I will not be back.
3	Two weeks ago I would have given them 4 stars.  But they just changed their menu and got rid of the veggie burgers which is one of the reasons we came here. However, their hamburgers are still delicious. Service has always been slow. Average wait after ordering is about 20 min.    I think they have one cook and he cooks one thing at a time.
5	Wild Burger sells a GREAT burger at a very INEXPENSIVE price!  4 stars for the food...5 stars for the VALUE :)Sure, you can find better ones in town, but under the $8 mark with fries, this is about as GOOD as it gets!  BBQ Bacon Burger ($7.99): Cheddar Cheese, BBQ Sauce, and Crispy Onion Straws. This was a solid burger at a great price! Very juicy, cooked perfectly MR, and there is a lot of flavor in the toppings!  I enjoyed each bite :)They also have a 1/4lb special with fries for $2.99 (w/players card)! It's probably a basic burger/fry, but if the patty is the same as above, it'll be a great burger at a ridiculous price!  It's probably free to sign up like everywhere else in town...might give it a go next visit :DI was also lookin for those deep fried twinkies everyone else is talkin about, but didn't notice them on the menu.  Guess I will ask about them next time :(Either way, I'll be back!
