3	I felt a bit too old to be here in this place.  Always full of the younger crowd.  Neon lights fill the dark lit pool hall.  There's a VIP room in which you can rent for drinking, relaxing, and singing karaoke.  There's also arcades located in the corner of the room.  Prices are above decent.  I give it three stars because the place is nice and roomy so I won't knock on the place.  However, there just seems to be trouble with other customers there.  It's also not situated in the best part of Spring Mt.
5	For a moment I did feel like a little kid coming here considering majority of the people who come here are somewhat in their teens and in the twenties. However, since my boyfriend likes to come here and feels like it's his second home I've come to fall in love with it again. The staff are awesome and very courteous to all the patrons that come here and I definitely feel like I'm in a cheers bar when ever I come by to play pool. It's definitely a comfortable setting where you can have a beer and shoot a few games with a few friends. What I love about this place is that there's no fuss or bs unless you give it yourself. The tables have been re-felt so playing on the tables feel like you're playing on a brand new table.  The plus side of this is that ladies nights are Sunday night through Thursday night.  Free play for people with no shlongs.  Woohoo!
5	On Sunday - Thursday Girls play for FREE From 6pm - 5am.... Whats not to like about that. They also have beer specials and flavored Sake... BEER PONG ROOM if you want to get drunk.
5	If your trying to find a good time to hang out with a couple of your buddies, I recommend this place. Sunday through Thursday girls get to play for free.So fellas if your trying to take your date out for some fun and low on budgets, I would bring them there. Service is great, prices are cheap and plus they even have beer pong tables so if you wanna challenge your friends or maybe your date to a couple of games or just wanna show them up in pool, this is the place to be.
5	Full Five StarsNo that's not a mistakeNo i'm NOT THAT DRUNKYes i got some senseFive stars for having such a wide selection of beers for such a hole in the wall. There's very few places that carry both Blue Moon AND Shock Top, I cant even get these two at the Red Rock Sports Bar and that's such a classier place then this hole in the wall.The men's room is a sight to behold. How the frak do you get tagging on the ceiling? i mean seriously ON THE CEILING!! Cheap and wide selection of beers, Jukebox that plays some old school hip hop, cheap and wide selection of beers, cheap games of pool (either a dollar a game or you can pay by the hour don't know how much didnt ask), and the cheap and wide selection of beers.Might see me here more often trying to recall what i learned from geometry. Five stars if you're into this sort of thing if not then...three i guess you cant argue when cheap beer in long neck bottles.
3	I've only been here a couple of times. In fact, I only come here when my cousin invites me to hang out with her and her boyfriend. It's kind of his home away from home. As such, they know pretty much everyone there. So by proxy, I know everyone there. It's got that Cheers quality.My most recent visit was last Friday. We didn't play any pool. We just hung around the bar area celebrating a friend's promotion. The bar area is a bit awkward in that the seating is kind of weird. They have these booth type things that look like they once had tables.A note about the bar - they only take cash. Their prices are decent - $3 for domestic beers in a bottle - and they have a pretty good selection. I found myself enjoying a bottle of Shock Top poured into a glass at the suggestion of Henry, the bartender. He poured most of it into the glass, then put the bottle on its side, and rolled it back and forth before pouring the rest into the glass. I had never heard of this before, but after a Google search, it's apparently legit."The beer is best enjoyed in a tall, wide-mouthed glass. To serve the brew perfectly, follow these pouring guidelines. Pour the brew down the side of the glass until about one-half inch of brew is left in the bottle. Lay the bottle on its side and roll it gently back and forth, mixing the remaining yeast that has settled at the bottom. Pour the rest of the brew, producing a nice, thick collar of foam."Nice
5	They've changed the carpeting, fixed air vents, re-painted the walls to a really sweet color, and re-decorated the whole place.  Also, all pool tables are being re-felt.  Great thing about this place is that the smoke smell has gone away since they fixed the air vents.  Anyway, I'm so happy that this place was given a makeover.  I love it even more!This is how I feel about Cue D's...Making your way in the world today takes everything you've got. Taking a break from all your worries, sure would help a lot. Wouldn't you like to get away? Sometimes you want to go Where everybody knows your name, and they're always glad you came. You wanna be where you can see, our troubles are all the same You wanna be where everybody knows Your name. You wanna go where people know, people are all the same, You wanna go where everybody knows your name. Full Lyrics never actually aired Making your way in the world today Takes everything you've got; Taking a break from all your worries Sure would help a lot. Wouldn't you like to get away? All those night when you've got no lights, The check is in the mail; And your little angel Hung the cat up by it's tail; And your third fiance didn't show; Sometimes you want to go Where everybody knows your name, And they're always glad you came; You want to be where you can see, Our troubles are all the same; You want to be where everybody knows your name. Roll out of bed, Mr. Coffee's dead; The morning's looking bright; And your shrink ran off to Europe, And didn't even write; And your husband wants to be a girl; Be glad there's one place in the world Where everybody knows your name, And they're always glad you came; You want to go where people know, People are all the same; You want to go where everybody knows your name. Where everybody knows your name, And they're always glad you came; Where everybody knows your name, And they're always glad you came...
5	For over 3 years, I have found myself constantly coming back to Cue D`s. To sum it up lightly.. this place has changed my life greatly. I wasn't always a pool player in the beginning, but Cue Ds is more than just a pool hall to me and to many people. It is like a home away from home for everyone who simply needs that escape from reality. On first impression of walking in, any customer will be greeted with a cheerful staff that knows your name and will care enough to say hi by your name. It doesnt take much to become a regular here,  just a few simple conversations with the workers at the bar and before you know it, you'll be drinking beer, watching movies, playing beer pong and of course, shooting pool with your new friends. There are people who I see go here every day just to hang out with the people that they meet at this pool hall. If youre a friendly person who simply wants good company, youve found the right place to be.Currently, Cue Ds has one of the best promotions in town. As a woman, pool is not an easy sport to try and dominate in. Not saying that Im good or anything (because Im not lol) but this place has given me and many girls out there the opportunity to practice pool for free. Monday through Thursdays from 6PM until 3AM, women get to play for free. YES. Free. Cue Ds has really given thought to the community and opened its doors to the females of Las Vegas. Women should really take advantage of this opportunity and go out there and shoot some pool! Cue Ds has tables that are custom made to be specialized only to their name. You wont find anything else like it in Vegas. With tables that get clean every other day and re-felted monthly.. its really good for the pros and amateurs of all kind.At Cue Ds, they also have amazing drink specials that Ive become a big fan of. Their bucket specials are only 17 for 5 beers, something you wont find anywhere else. If you ever have a party, their beers come with free beer pong also! They recently remodeled and now have weekly tournaments on Sundays and Wednesdays. Its only $5 to join, and you can even win up to 150 at a time. Its one of the cheapest tournaments in town.Overall, if you havent hung out here before.. youre missing out. Look at this place like a shelter or community boys and girls club. Theres more to it than just pool!
3	Pros:*Cheap - $5 per hour and on Sundays ladies are free*Lot of tables, so you shouldn't find yourself fighting over one*Beer and snacks*Arcade games*Wifi - It popped up on my Itouch, but there was a pass needed. I'm assuming you just have to ask and it'll be free for customers*Open late*Friendly staff*Decent amount of places to sit*Erotic video games at the counter! They have a small touch screen computer with a selection of Trivia, Puzzle, Erotic, Action games that are only 25 cents each. We scored 3rd place on erotic trivia, right under "F*ckalicious."Cons:*Seems like there are always a lot of teens*SO smoke filled. I felt like I was hot-boxed in a closet full of cigarettes and the stench would not go away, even after driving all the way home with all the windows down. *Dirty bathrooms - I went in and there was toilet paper on the toilet and floor.Even though there are only 3 things I don't like about this place, they are still pretty big for me, which is why I am giving them 3 stars. This place is just A-Ok for me. We always end up here when it's late and we can't think of anything to do.
5	This is where we had my boyfriend's "SEE YA LATER" party.  The staff was willing to have food and as many people we wanted for the party.  It was an amazing event, it always is.  All I have to say is that Cue D's can be an addiction.  The people in this place make a difference and we already miss being here.  The staff is accommodating, warm, and friendly. It's very inexpensive and can have fun without spending an arm and a leg.It is mostly young kids, so someone who is over 30 might not feel comfortable being here.  However, the most interesting person in here is the bartender who is like an uncle to my boyfriend.  When you come here often enough, it'll feel like home.  Just give it a try because you never know what kind of friendship you might make here.
5	Love coming here. We go on the "ladies free nights", but it's usually pretty busy. Parking spots are few and far between if you come at night, since it's in the same plaze as restaurants and karaoke bars. The staff is extremely friendly, and will make you feel welcome. Their cue sticks are also in good condition (unlike Pool Sharks, which is a hit and miss). Fun place to chill at night.
3	Back in my high school days this place was the hang out spot. Not sure how many countless hours I spent hear but this is pretty much where my friends and I always ended up. I remember they used to have a couple arcade games but they got rid of them, but they did clean up/renovate the inside a little. Located in Chinatown, Cue-D's is solid spot to shoot some balls but there are a couple downsides. Overall the place isn't bad but if its your first time here are a couple of things you should know going in.Pros: --Plenty of pool tables, all in good condition.--Specials on drinks and a weekend happy hour!-- Lots of restaurants/bars/karaoke spots in the same strip mall.-- Young crowd, most of the customers were probably under 30. (well its a pro for me cause thats my age group)Cons: --Super smokey environment - coming out your hair, clothes, everything will smell like cigarette smoke.--Cash only - don't accept credit card but there is a ATM that charges $2.50 to use. BOO!--Questionable music - there is a pay-by-song juke box and unfortunately last time I was some guys decided to troll the place and play William Hung's 'greatest' hits. =(--Super packed parking lot on busy days with alot of people who loiter around amongst the cars =\
4	Talk about throwing it back old school for me. I still remember oh about twenty years ago first moved too Vegas would frequent Shark Pool Hall with roommate go shot pool and drink after work. Times have changed with lot more pool halls across the valley. It was my first time coming too Cue-D. I really had no expectations expect keep my early yakudoshi party going night. It located in the perfect spot comes too finding some great asian food off the strip. After great night at Wendy decided too keep the party going across the street. The only downfall feel for all the shops in this little strip mall is parking suxs! It can fill up supa fast but if all else fails can park across the road then walk over. Pool Hall its not Huge Huge but just overall nice size. Think something like over 15 tables in all. Not the full size regulation tables. Who need regulation really going there too drink and play pool with friends? Lol! Drinking about steal of deal. I believe from 7-10 running special two dollar beers. The catch was fact not your typical cheap flavorless ones they had few nice craft beers. Me and roommate went for the Shock Top. Really for $2 that is SHOCK of price no pun intended. The bar area itself is nothing too brag about just your basic hole in the wall feel for bar. The service is awesome. The moment walk in ask if playing pool, games or hour, many tables, and really on it. The tables for really looks like hole in wall place are really nice. The felt are nice all around or could tell on all the tables (no rips, clean, and tables are all leveled right). The house sticks most part straight not warped or abuse much being house  sticks. Each table nice table area you can place your drinks and whatever else bring, The jukebox something that cool surprise! You can play whatever music in the mood or rocking pool game on. I like the fact that the tables have nice amount of space between tables or feels like more then normal?The only thing need too be prepared for is NO CASH. They do have ATM right next too the bar, We had too use because first timers had no clue. Definitely fan of Cue-D. If ever have urge too go shot pool really this place rocks for bargain and love hole in the wall places in Vegas.
4	When I moved out here almost 3 years ago, the first place my bud wanted me to search for was a solid pool hall. Fellow Yelpers recommended this place and I immediately bookmarked it.  Fast forward to just week and I finally was able to uncheck this bookmark. My Pool Hall "Wish-List" - So, what defines a good pool hall for me?-Full size billiard tables, not the bar type ones-Clean and fast felt.  I grew up playing on Simoniz felt, but anything where you can put action on the cue ball works just as good.-Plenty of tables-No sharks trying to hustle me. Ha!-Straight cues ranging from 18oz to 21oz.  I prefer a 19 oz for playing and a 21 oz for breaks.  -A good juke box playing good music.-Cheap, none of this $20 an hour stuff-Plenty of room-A pool hall that isn't intimidating-Smoke free (yeah right, especially in Las Vegas)A group of us entered Cue-D's for a friendly game of pool and since there was an odd amount of us, we ended up playing a game of Cut Throat.  Cue-D's is chill and it doesn't matter if you're an A or even a D player, everyone is welcome. Cue-D's hit most of my "Wish-List", but most importantly I had a great time with fine people. My only issue is the stench of smoke in the air.  I know, I know, this is something that they can't control since smoking is legal inside pool halls in the valley. I use to smoke and I get it. Now that I don't, I see the difference.  The smoke didn't bother me so much while I was playing, but the smell sure followed me home.  Cue-D's is welcoming from the staff to the patrons. I'm a fan of the pool hall, just not a fan of the smoke. PS.  The rest rooms can use a little Mr. Clean or AJAX.  TIP:  Cash OnlyYELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (404/500)
4	Another week, another pool hall.  Located right across the street from Wendy's Noodle Cafe, we just walked over after Chad S.'s early birthday dinner to play some Cut Throat.  It's a good thing we did the stroll since the parking lot here is always packed with cars coming and going.  KUDOS:  -The juke box has Bob Marley!-There is a super friendly guy to greet you and they have happy hour specials for those who drink.-TVs were showing a football game, which just happened to be the b/f's team.  If you like sports and pool, this is the place for you!GRIPES:-Smoky as all get out.  My eyes were watering after an hour.  I know this is to be expected in a pool hall, but it still stinks.-The women's bathroom could use a little sprucing up.  Again, it's a pool hall, but whatevs.We had a fun time and it's a cool spot to hang out for an hour if you're dining or having dessert at one of the many establishments right in the plaza or across the street.
3	Pretty much everything you would expect from a pool hall Cue-D's delivers at an affordable price.Plenty of full size pool tables with nice felt, decent cues that were not beat up too much, a nice Touch-Tunes jukebox (be sure to get the app for your phone!), and a bar at the entrance with beer specials ranging from $2 Shock Tops to bucket deals. Cash only, ATM at the entrance. The decor reminds me of something from the '80s, but I only spent two years in that decade so maybe I am not the best choice of judge. The bathrooms weren't the cleanest in the world, but that is to be expected at a pool hall I suppose. Smoking is allowed in the hall, as it should be, but if my memory serves me correctly, the place is poorly ventilated and you can just feel its presence seeped into the carpet, walls, and ceiling over the years.The bartender didn't seem too enthused to be there, but that was fine by me. Hand over the beers and let us hit the tables. One last thing about the jukebox! Anyone can play almost anything on it and their sound system is pretty good and loud throughout the joint. So you could have anything from Mark Tremonti belting out wicked face-melting guitar solos to bubbly synth-pop by Lights.
4	The type of place where you chill with your bro friends have bro drinks together, and have a broment. Or you can come here after you are finished eating at q bistros. Place is located on spring mountain and jones, it'll be on your right; inside the infamous icy juicy plaza. Walking in the vibe of the place is very relax and trendy. Along with billiards they have some cheap beer and a jukebox that can play anything! Seriously that box has every genre from every time period. One small thing that bugs me is how smokey and dirty the place is :/ But it's still a definitely a to go to place at night time.
4	Used to be my high school hangout. School, work then go straight to Cue D's. Repeat lol. Everyone and their mommas used to kick it here. I haven't been there in a minute so I wouldn't be able to review it accurately but I know they have plenty of tables and they do get busy at times so their might be a wait to get a table. A few arcade games and a jukebox to entertain while you wait. The only thing is the smoke. That can be bothersome but it's a pool hall. it comes with it. as long as you have good company and enjoying yourself..it's a relax chill place.
5	This is my home away from home!  The best spot in my opinion to just kick back after a long day and shoot some pool. It's reasonably priced so get get a great bang for your buck. The staff is AWESOME! I've come to know them all very well and feel like I'm a part of the family. They have a pretty cool little bar/sitting area for you to just hang out at if you're not feelin on your game. Overall I truly love coming here and recommend it to everyone I know.
5	Great place to go hang out and just enjoy yourself. They play a big variety of music also. My friends and I go at least 1 a week.
