3	Well, there aren't many nail salons in Laveen, so Angel Touch gets a star just for existing! I went there this morning to get a pedicure, and it was pretty much like any busy, run-of-the-mill nail place. Tons of women with their feet in tubs with 10-12 salon employees moving from person to person, saying things like "feet up," and chatting really loudly with each other while massaging feet, scrubbing callouses, and applying polish. The pedicure itself was fine - my feet look a lot better and the polish was applied really well. Do beware that the posted prices are for the base service - a pedicure is posted as being $18, but that does not include getting callouses removed or (possibly) the massage chair. My charge was $27 - I didn't ask for an itemization of the $9 extra, but I'm guessing it was for sitting in the chair and a foot scrub. One other note - this place was super-busy on a Saturday morning, so you might want a reservation.
3	The sole nail salon in Laveen gets a lil love for me. I have gone there a few times. I like to go there because it's their location is convinent. I like their facilities, it's a lot cleaner than some of the other nearby places.I think they're staff is very efficient. My only complaint is that there is a brakedown in communication when it comes to the shape of nail I like, I usually have to go home and file them the way that I want them afterward. But other than that - they're great. I have never had a pedicure here before - I always go in for manicures and full sets. One thing to keep in mind is that they charge a fee for airbrushing.
3	After reading reviews of all of the Nail Salons in Laveen, I saw that Angel Touch Nails had very few. I drove by each of them before going in to see if there were any posted specials. The competitor had a 10% off all services sign and another had specials for everything but what I was looking for. Being a single mom on a budget, price is important to me. So Angel Touch Nails was the winner with the $20 spa-pedicure posted special.  The nail techinition was nice. The water started off cold, then shortly turned to hot to tolerate. She quickly adjusted the water after I told her so. They do charge extra for callous removal, which the nail tech did not mention to me, I had read a review that had warned about it, but it was confirmed by the nail tech next to me talking to another client. Would have been helpful for my nail tech to tell me the assocaited cost, since nothing is posted in the shop that tells you the price. All in all I had good service, my feet are shoft (she removed more callous than I thought I had) and my french manicure is pretty, alot better than I can do myself, but not the best I have ever received. After it was all said and done, my $20 spa pedi out the door with callous removal and a french manicure cost me $45. Not too bad. I have paid more in the past. I will go back again.
3	been in a few times when I am in town, mom treats. this time around got bright pink toes and purple glittery finger nails. clean, polite staff. they fixed one nail i always seem to hit before i walked out of the salon. the spa chairs are always a favorite.
1	do no go get a bikini wax here.  i was burned pretty badly.
4	good service and relaxing - nice people and Lee is sweet and she doesn't hurt you but if you get add on's be sure to know how much add on's cost before saying yes.  They take credit cards but get charged fees so help the business out and use cash or at least pay your tip in cash to your service provider.  Like with any service provider you do get good service if you tip - be generous people, tip at least 15% and up to 20%.  If you cant afford a decent respectful tip, you can't afford to get your nails done so be kind, they will provide good service if you are a good customer.  Personally I wish the nail salons would do a better job of cleaning the store / shop - it is so dusty and the floors aren't cleaned regularly.  the equipment is sterilized and I've never had nail fungus issues but its dusty and bothers my allergies.
4	There are like 5 nail salons in the vicinity and none have compelling reviews on yelp so ultimately I chose Angel Touch because it's next door to Fry's and I needed to go there too. Im really happy with my choice. This place is clean and spacious. I was seen right away for my mani/pedi without having made an appointment. I hadn't had a pedicure in a loooong time and my technician gave my feet the attention they needed. My manicure was nice too and is still going strong almost a week later. They have a few tvs showing local news and lots of magazines. My only complaint is that they don't have many colors of polish to choose from. I'd suggest bringing your own if you have something specific in mind. It looked like they have a lot oh gel colors, though. Angel Touch is going to be my go to nail place when I'm in the area.
1	Barely a star actually, I walked in and was grossed out. The entire atmosphere threw me out the window. The chairs were all broken with holes. Seriously just looked like a run down shop. The owner was all over me asking me questions and asked me to pick my color at least 4 times when I had a bottle. I also noticed the woman doing a pedicure didn't change her gloves when she finished. To me that's a NO-NO. I probably won't be back ever.
1	Horrible customer service. There salon was darn near empty when I arrived and was told that there would be a 20 minute wait. The receptionist seemed too busy getting to the next level of candy crush to even make eye contact when I came in. I walked out without getting served. It didn't seem like she cared.
5	I have had three people do my nails there and pleased with all of them.  Nina was one name I remember that I thought did a great job.  I was a little surprised when doing a fill for me the guy who did it said they charge three dollars if they have to cut them I thought that was included in the price.   I am willing to pay it though since I went to another salon spa in the same area by Leslie's pool and was so disappointed with their work. They were thick and didn't cover my nail and my daughters said they looked horrible.  Angel touch has always done a great job and I get a lot of compliments. They are priced the same as the other nail salons  and I think my nails look better than the other places I tried in laveen.  It's clean and comfortable there. I have never had to wait unless I walk in and request someone who's already busy. I also had a brow wax once and was very pleased
