3	First of all, I LOVE the name of this place :) I'll be purchasing a t-shirt, lol! I had the lemon & orange loafettes. The lemon was by far my favorite. The shop lady instructed me to heat them in the microwave before eating them & it does make a huge difference.My daughter had a white chocolate pretzel stick, which she gobbled up & then drooled over the memory for days after. She also had a mini cupcake. She has concluded that the frosting is the best frosting she's ever had, so I'm going to go back for a cupcake next time! The location is small, not a lot of room to lounge, but the service is very friendly.
3	I stopped in to grab a dessert after lunch and got two cupcakes, one vanilla and one chocolate ($2.50 apiece).  Both were quite pretty, but not in an over-the-top-I-don't-wanna-eat-this sort of way.  Just piped-on frosting with colored sugar sprinkles and a white chocolate candy center. I had high hopes for these cupcakes since my daughter's birthday is coming up.  The vanilla cupcake had an unexpected texture.  Most cupcakes tend to be either airy and melt-in-your-mouth sugary or they are dense and moist.  This one was almost slightly grainy, a tad bit chewy, and crumbled a little too easily.  Because of that, I thought I'd perhaps purchased one of the gluten-free cuppies.  I know that rice flour can be pesky in the texture department, so was willing to forgive the texture.  I was sad to discover that the chocolate one was similarly grainy.  I think it just must be the recipe.  Flavor-wise, they were both very good and had none of the chemically aftertaste that some cakes have.  The best part of these cupcakes was the frosting, which was thick, buttery, and didn't leave a greasy filim in my mouth.  They definitely had a homemade taste to them that I liked.I was disappointed that the only breads for sale were sweet fruit breads.  I was hoping to grab a loaf of crusty bread or some yeast rolls, but it was all sugary stuff.  The available choices weren't overwhelming, but there wasn't anything overly exotic, either.  I had hoped for a Chai cupcake or maybe a Black Forest one, but the cupcake options were simpler:  carrot, red velvet, chocolate, and vanilla.  The brochure says special order flavors are available, but there wasn't a list on the brochure or on the website.  I was also unable to locate any mention of what types of ingredients are used.  I'm not sure we'll be back.  The location is a bit out of the way for a quick dessert and the current selection isn't memorable enough for special orders, although if I'm in the area, I'd certainly consider it.
5	Stopped in with my boy when we went to the pizza place next door.  Got to say, the cookies were OUTSTANDING and we really enjoyed the treat!  Prices were reasonable and they had a number of other treats that we did not get a chance to try yet including cupcakes.Short story, per my son, try the chocolate explosion cookie.  (To me it seemed more like a brownie) He raved about it and really enjoyed it, so I know it was good.  I had a white chocolate chip cookie square and it was pretty darn good.  Good enough I want one again.  : )
2	Have had several desserts from this shop and the one word that comes to mind whenever I think of this place is "dry". Every dessert, from the cookies to the cupcakes, to the loafettes are all d.r.y. I wish I could say more but I think that pretty much sums it up.
5	Apparently this business has been there for 4 years.  I only noticed it because I took my dog to the groomer and drove right past it, even though my son's barber is in the same complex!  Better signage would be recommended!I purchased a cupcake and a 7 layer bar, both Gluten free.  The price was very reasonable considering it's "specialty".I gave the cupcake to my neighbor who loved it!I ate the 7 layer bar and I can honestly say it was DELICIOUS!  There was a very slight aftertaste, but that wouldn't stop me from devouring 2 or 3 more if I could!The facility was clean and cute and I will definitely be back!!
