4	As the current "Duke of Chevron" I feel that I should write a review for these guys.I have, to the best of my recollection, never set foot inside this Chevron. I have, however, regularly fueled up our Ford Focus at one of its many petrol bowsers (that's Australian for "gas pumps"). My favourite one was the pump where someone had scratched away part of the lettering in "Cash customers please pay first" so it said "Ca n   sto ners please pay first". This piece of harmless vandalism always put a smile on my face. The corner of Warm Springs and Jones location makes this Chevron an easy option for the denizens of this quadrant of the Vegas burbs as they head for the 215 beltway. There's usually a spot waiting for you, and the pumps are easy to use, unlike the ghastly "California-style" ones at the AM/PM across the street --- You know, the ones where you have to cram down a heavily resisting squeeze handle for the duration of your fill? Unfortunately, I am now located half a globe away from this AM/PM, so I suspect my Dukedom may be shortlived. In any event, it's been a wild ride.
3	i usually fill up my gas here because its the most convenient one. the people that work at the registers are usually friendly and courteous. i think i only saw one of them upset once, but that was because one of the customers was being difficult and condescending. only thing i dont like about this location is that there used to be a lot of shady looking people hanging around the front entrance and a few times i had people coming up to me asking for money. i never had those situations at any of the other gas stations in the area. this location tends to have good gas prices.
5	They have TCBY!!! Yummy!
1	Wow...the absolute worst people in Las Vegas have been hired by this location, apparently.  I went into the actual convenience store, this evening, with the sole intention of getting a frozen drink, whatever they call their version of a Slurpee. I grabbed a plastic cup, attempted to fill it and when I realized that it was all liquidy slush, I threw the barely even filled cup in the trash and left.  As we're backing out to leave our parking space, my friend rolls down the window on my side and one of the men from behind the counter yells..."did you two take a plastic cup?  Those ain't free!"  Are you kidding me?  You actually left the area behind your counter (which had a line when I walked out) to inquire about a plastic cup?  Is the SHRINK in your store really that high?Since the cost of a lost plastic cup is more important than future business, I'll do this location the favor of going to the three other gas station/convenience stores in the area.
