1	Oh my god....stay away from this dive.  It is a huge hole with pool and darts.   One thing, the drinks are cheap and strong...but they come in plastic cups!! I actually stood in line for the Pub one night after the Michigan football game....it was one of the low points in my life.  Don't come here without a big guy to fend off the masses.  As soon as I got in, I grabbed the guys I was meeting and dragged them to the City.  I just can't handle this place....yick. 1 star.
2	Only bar downtown Madison I can think of that has air hockey.  For that it gets a star.
4	I'm coming in to rescue The Pub!  If I lived in Madison I think I'd like this dive, it's cute!  And seriously where else can you order a round of drinks for yourself, your brother, and your boyfriend and the total comes to $7.50!?!?  OMG, sign me up!  You don't have to stay here all night but I can see this as a really fun place to meet up with people and get the night started.  Lots to do as far as pool, darts, music, bar, big tvs...I don't know what other people are expecting of a dive bar?!?!  I thought it was fun and I loved sitting on the picnic table seating.
1	This place gives me the creeps when I walk past it during the day.  Woo for air hockey & cheap beer, boo for everything else.
1	I'm all for dive bars but The Pub gives dive bars everywhere a bad name. I don't even know where to begin. I guess I'll begin and end with the same statement: It's known as "The Pube" to locals. I hope that's enough said.
3	Not my favorite bar in the area, but it is a welcome oasis of dinginess in the ever-Gapified State St. area.  A lot of pool tables, dart boards, etc. And you'll usually walk out with a good story to tell on account of the...um...personalities that hang out there.
1	The Pub isn't a dive bar--it's a shitty bar.  Period.  If you want to go to a good dive bar, go to the Paradise or the Main Street Depot, for crying out loud.  Don't go here.It's disgusting.  The drinks weren't good.  If it were to be obliterated via meteor right now, I would dance in its ashes.  :p  To add to the pleasure of my experience, there were girls doing coke in the bathroom.  Seriously?  You're at THE PUB.  If you're going to do coke, at least go to the Crave Lounge where snorting drugs might still be en vogue.
1	This is where dreams go to die.This is a dive that has moved past dive-iness and into gross.The bar has picnic tables for seating.There is not a reason to ever go to this bar accept that all the other bars have super long lines.Poem Times.....Nope. Dont even think it.We used to call it the "pube"Smells like stale urine.Talent level ? Best wrap your entire body in saran wrap first.
1	There is a reason people call this place "The Pube".  And on that note, I'd rather drink a glass of the short & curlys than to hang out in this bar. Yes.  It's that bad.
3	The Pub(e) is back and better than ever (they remodeled in summer 2009)Much less sketchy (but still has the feel), and looks a lot better on the inside - fun college bar at heart.Cheap drinks- $6 pitchers of Miller Lite, dancing, and pool are what I know it for.
2	Pretty standard bar, not enough seating to relax.
