1	Hands down the absolute WORST car buying/owning experience of my life.  Purchased a gorgeous used Porsche from this Porsche dealership and was assured that the car had been delicately handled and regularly serviced because one of the employees was the former owner.They must have seen me coming a mile away because no sooner had I driven off the lot (ok, actually 13 days later), the engine blew up and there was exactly NOTHING that could be done.  Incredibly frustrating to spend upwards of $40K on a car that expired less than two weeks later!! The attitude of the dealership was one of offense - as in they were offended that I would even think that they might possibly be able to either share in the burden of repair (total engine replacement for over $20K) or give me a "good" deal on a car that would actually run for longer than 2 weeks. Amazing. Honestly, I seldom learn from the mistakes of others, so if you read this and then opt to buy from them anyway, well, I completely understand and wish you the best of luck.  However, if you read this and it changes your mind or even adds a shadow of a doubt, then I am thankful that you will potentially not have to endure the poor attitudes and lousy service that I experienced.Stick with ANYTHING else from absolutely ANYONE other than this place.  Even a Kia would be a better option...
5	i have been there few times, but this time just amazing, I met Zain Engineer , he is the best service consultant that I have , and my car well done. I'm happy be there with him. Thanks a lot.
5	Great place to buy your car,honest sales rep,great car choices they inspect all their cars very well before they put it on sale.They give you always a great service,nice carwash on Saturdays the used car sales manager he is the man always will give you honest opinion and very nice guy.
5	Took my SUV there for service, the service was completed on time, vehicle was clean, staff was friendly.  Highly recommend them.Brian T
5	The whole team at Gaudin -- my sales guy (Mike Anderson), the Sales Manager (Paul Jarrett Jr), my service advisor (Paul Molina), the shop foreman (Dane Husted), and last my not least, the best finance director on the planet (Beth Lamerier) -- are really THE reason I'm a faithful Porsche customer. My experience with other (California) Porsche dealerships and teams almost made me give up on the brand, but this team... made me a proud FOUR Porsche owner -- ALL my cars have been replaced with Porsches now, and you can bet it's because of these folks at Gaudin.
