3	This is the only candy-only store in the MGM. They have all the regular candies, as well as a bunch of specialty confections, like giant gummy bears and chocolate-covered pretzels.  There's also a small selection of cold beverages.  And as for bulk candy, there are lot of selections along one wall.  When I walked by, I only bought a bottled water, but I'm sure I'll need a sugar high later this weekend and will be coming by here to get my sweets on.
3	This was my first exposure to a Sugar Factory store. After being in Dylans , Hershey's, and M&M's candy stores in Manhattan, and Powells Sweet Shoppe in Los Gatos, this Sugar Factory in the MGM Grand didn't do much for me. It was so underwhelming that I would give it an overall 1 star. The reason I give it a 3 star is solely due to Michelle. She was very upbeat and outgoing and motivated me to at least take a look at all the way over priced unimpressive items throughout the store.They either need a product overhaul or make sure they own one of the casino's to compensate for their lack of sales.
5	This place is usually packed but definitely worth the wait. The food is delicious from the appetizers all the way to the dessert. Great for people with a sweet tooth. Save some money for the candy store because the candy is amazing. They also have people on standby to let you try samples of most of the candy. The special lollipops are a little overpriced though.
5	There is nothing about this place I didn't like. Its adorable, clean and so delicious! I had such a wonderful time inside this store and its connected to the Paris hotel. Just take a quick wall through the bar in the back it will make you want to pass out for the perfection of chocolate overload smell...AWMAZING. The drinks are so delicious! When I think about Vegas I immediately think about the drinks I had at the restaurant. Almond Joy and Jolly Rancher. The drinks HONESTLY taste like the "foods" they are trying to taste like. We also had a Swedish Fish, These drinks are creepers, They will sneak up on you because you don't realize just how much alcohol they have in them!  if your a candy fan GO HERE FOR DRINKS 2 for 1 happy hour and share a fish bowl drink with a friend.. You'll  leave happy!The entire place feels like 3 different places, there is a dark amazing bar that smells like chocolate, a restaurant with a classy bar and an amazing sweet shop
3	Fun place, lots of duck paraphenalia, and celbrity photos.  Expect to pay top dollar  for candy, but you'll have fun doing it.($14/lb in the bulk bins)
3	The decor in here is so cute and  I love the creative thinking going on, what a million dollar idea. However, the food is alright. It's not bad it's just okay. Adding on, I was really excited to try their cupcakes knowing that that the whole place is candy-store inspired. Sadly, the cupcakes did not live up to my expectations. I would have rather gone to a bakery close to my house then spend 12 dollars on a cupcake. OH WELL.
4	I have always wanted to come to this place since it's always below one of my fave CLUBS in LV.  But we never get the chance to eat here or at least stop by.Finally a chance to try the place since it's my son's bday on Tuesday and so we had a lunch date there and he had always wanted to eat there. Got there after Noonish.   A lot of people but not much wait- only 10 min.  While we waited we looked around the store area but not too much since we were hungry and didn't want to buy everything we see. I asked for a table outdoors so we can people watch and I got confirmation the heaters were on since it was super cold. We got seated and the heater next to us was not on.  The waitress (she was very nice)- tried to turn it on for us.  While we studied the menu the waitress tried to turn on the heaters in the other area....so we moved closer to those heaters.  ***(The heaters turned off after 5 min)****We ordered the *FRIED MAC/CHEESE...which was delicious.  The consistency was delectable and I can even picture it better if it had crab in it.My son had *CHICKEN ALFREDO- which tasted very buttery and with plenty of chicken.  Exactly what my son loves. I ordered the *FRENCH DIP- which was full of the most tender roast beef and very moist almost like butter.  It could use a lil more salt but it was good it wasn't too salty.  Easier to add salt than to take it away.  The fries was good too.  (dang was we that hungry that everything tasted good??????  LOL)****that dang heater--the waitress has assured us the heaters were out of propane DUH!...and some guy was coming to refill it and we'll be good soon.We finished out food, paid the bill THEN the propane man actually came and started filling up the propane tanks.  Luckily the sun peeked between these two hotels and we got a lil sunheat while we were eating...Thank You G. Paid the bill - gave her a good tip since she was a good attentive waitress.  The food was good and I was thinking it was gonna be expensive and paying for the location and that food was gonna stank.  - NO....it was worth the price, the view of the Bellagio fountains, able to people watch, and good staff minus the slow -ass propane man. Yes we could have sat indoors- but we were assured the heaters were on.  We could have been asked if we would like to move indoors - but we were not.  Even if we had thick jackets and everything it would have been nice...but who wants to eat with all that clothing.  I tried to go on the SUGAR FACTORY online to comment on our experience but I could not find a link for customer comments.  The store part- it was fun to look at everything and I just want to buy everything.  So we just bought some  pop rocks and the lip tattoo.  ---can't wait to try the lips.
1	Low quality ingredients, terrible powder hot chocolate, lukewarm coffee, and all overpriced. Not worth it. This isn't the same Sugar Factory from three-four years ago.
4	On a sugar high!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Lolly pop Lolly pop!!!!
4	Great food menu.very unique drinks, most which are really pricey. Which is why it looses a star.overall a great place with excellent food and drinks.and the sidewalk elevated seating was grand.
3	I am all about the Dill Pickle POPPED, but five bucks is a bit dramatic. Nahmean?
5	If you wanna clubbing while dinning, best choice!!!
4	this place has great food and great variety
4	The bloody Mary's were fabulous!  They charge $2 a person for tap water and watch your bills at the bar because they charged more then the menu stated.
5	I'm giving this place 5 Stars because the girl who helped me out the night I visited was the SWEETEST thing ever! Very helpful, and kind.I purchased the bling pop in Black ($22, but the ones with charms are $25), personalized mints($3.25, I think?), and a Lollipop Refill Pack ($12 for 3 custom Pops) I haven't had a chance to crack open my packages yet, but I'm sure I'll love anything that comes out of this place.Definitely give it a shot if you're staying at, or visiting MGM Grand. It's such a fun environment :)
5	This place is sugar heaven! They have every gummy, chewy, and chocolate candy you can imagine. One pound of candy costs about $14; my hubby and I got a few of our favorites and a t-shirt for my niece that says "Will Trade Brother for Candy" which cost $20. They have a bunch of candy memorabilia around the store, as well as Sugar Factory t-shirts and merchandise. Everyone in the store was very helpful and fun. I had a great shopping experience and recommend stopping by if you're staying at the MGM Grand.
4	Bring your kids and your sweet tooth !  Great selection except for the make your own sugar stick area.  Most of the powders were out, but my niece made the best out of it with the little selection she had.
5	I don't really remember being here, but one drink tasted like a jolly rancher and one was like a tootsie roll. AhhhhMazing! And the Britney Couture Pops, so cute!
4	I picked up some cool lollipops here for my daughter.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the candy.  I almost bought my wife some edible candy panties and bra, but I'm on a diet and not sure if she would think its funny.  Well I'm still at the MGM so maybe I will get those ;-)
4	Some very cool drinks. Food was tasty too. You can watch the Bellagio fountains while you're eating, great location! Our waiter Tom was very kind and made good suggestions cocktail, thanks Tom K :) price is fair.
4	We had a wonderful breakfast today. Yelp steered us here.  Though we are quite the coffee snobs and might usually walk in with our own discriminating cup, we found the coffee exceptional! ...Accompanied by eggs Benedict and granola crusted French toast.  We sat outside on the Vegas strip and the entire experience was great.
4	Neat place!  Fun souvenir to bring home to your friends and family with a sweet tooth.  They had a ton of really adorable and unique candies, as well as most of the old standbys.  Prices were pretty reasonable too, considering.One should note: this is coming off as a restaurant on Yelp, but it's really a store. Some of the reviews are confusing: I don't remember there being any food or alcoholic drinks available here.
4	Its raining Sugar up in He A!Seriously this place is a sugar addicts dream shop.  Everything here is sweet and sugary.  Came here to redeem one of the My Vegas coupons.  I felt high on sugar the whole time I was in there and I didn't even have any candy.  I picked up some chocolate rocks, malt balls, chocolate covered pretzel and green cotton candy! Since I don't have a sweet tooth these were all brought into the office to be shared. Eyes ~ So many candies and sweetst!Nose ~ Smells sweet!.Ear ~ Enjoying the music they have playing.Mouth ~ Chocolate rocks taste yum!.Tummy ~ Must not eat too much!
2	One pound of candy for $17, SERIOUSLY?? I'm not a huge candy person...well it depends, but ya...$17 though?? Thank goodness I had a myVegas reward for "buy one, get one free one pound." The workers there are nice, but ya...not wasting money here unless, I'm getting less than one pound, MAYBE.
5	Great food, yummy and fantabulous drink. Our server ,Lauren, was awesome. Good place for group and birthday celebrants... :-) will be back for sure. #foodporn
2	Holy cow, this place is extremely expensive!!!I spent over $14 on a small bag of candy. Yes, they do have a big selection of different candies but I don't think it's worth the price.I tried the watermelon sours, watermelon gummy bears and watermelon sour slices. Yes, I love watermelon but I don't love watermelon enough to spend $14 on a bag of sugary candy when I can buy a real watermelon for $5.I love candy but I'd rather buy a bag of sour patch watermelon slices for a fraction of the price.
5	Fun inviting place! Lots of nostalgic candy!! Makes you want to buy the whole store!!
4	Great staff. I recommend the gelato, specifically the PB and J. The tipsy truffles were good but they didn't have all the flavors available. Chocolate chip cookie had a ton of chocolate which I like. Pretty good snickerdoodles, not great. Good people watching site.
4	Fun place. Food is not that bad.I love the drinks flavored candy. Best time to go is for breakfast and brunch.  Fries are amazingly good.
4	Preshow meal turned into an unexpected gem. Location with a view of the Bellagio fountains and a super friendly staff. Just wish the preshow menu wasn't so constricted.
