5	In desperate need (if you call a mani pedi a need) of some pampering.  I was running errands in the vicinity and dropped in.  I was immediately greeted and within a minute in a chair with my auto back massage and foot soak.The technician was very diligent with her work.  The chair massaged away my tension, and i kicked back and enjoyed some air conditioned relaxation.  The callous removal was incredible, and I didn't even have to get up to move to the manicure chair; once the pedi was over, the tech did each hand while I relaxed in the massage-o-chair.90 minutes later, my feet were smooth as a baby's, skillfully painted, my french manicure beautiful.  All for $35 before tip.This is a simple, clean salon.  The 5 stars is based more upon the quality of service, skill of techician, and overall experience, than on the ambience.  If you are in the vicinity of Baseline and Central, i URGE you to visit Nails Show.  I'll be back!
5	Ever had one of those odd days, where you find yourself with a couple hours of free time far from home and absolutely NO idea what you will do with it?  That was me last week.  I took a day off of work to give a friend a hand with something and saving a very long story, found myself with an afternoon free of work and kids.  What to do!?!  After about 5 minutes of debating - home to take care of bills, meals, groceries, kid stuff OR lunch and mani-pedi (guilty mom syndrome ensued)... I decided to do a "me" afternoon. :-)I visited Nails Show, again.  Why?  Because my first experience there was so positive, and it was in the south part of the valley, where I happened to be at the time.  The experience was much like my first.  I called, they said to come in.  The place was quiet, after all it was a Tuesday afternoon at 2pm.  3 males were playing cards at a nail station, and one lady did my nails.  She worked miracles on  my feet, getting those callouses down.  She ASKED as she trimmed and shaped  my nails "does this hurt", "is this OK"?  which i appreciated, in light of reading other salon reviews where people complain that workers don't seem to pay attention to such things.  Still sitting in the pedi chair, she followed with my manicure.  She began to trim and file my nails square, and i asked for oval.  She immediately corrected them, shaping them beautifully, just the way i asked.  I was there for a total of 65 minutes, and left with a top-notch mani-pedi for around $30 before tip.  NOTE-- this is not a swishy "pretty" salon- it's a basic neighborhood nail joint that is clean and efficient.  Don't expect glitter and glamour.  You will sit in a comfy chair, watch a little afternoon network TV.  You will not be served Perrier or Evian.   If you want a GREAT technically superior mani-pedi,  this is the place to go.
1	STOP! DO NOT COME HERE? This is the first salon that I actually left without leaving a tip and did NOT feel bad.  the lady that did my pedi did NOT even put a top coat on. She painted on my cuticle and skin.  The young girl that did the mani cut my nails UNEVEN! I now have 3 different legnths, left cuticle hanging on my fingers and when I asked her to put a top coat on my nails, she used an old bottle or something. it is tacky to the touch and uneven. All this for a whopping $42.  NOT to mention the place was filthy! that should have been my first clue.
5	I LOVE this place! they are very friendly and meticulous. The gel nail polish I got was perfect! By far the best I've ever had. They were very careful and gentle. Great prices too. The lady next to me had been coming here for seven years and I can see why :)
4	This nail salon was definitely much better than I expected. Very friendly staff as well as good nail work. I got the mani-pedi combo priced fair at $42 for a gel mani and regular pedi. I had two different ladies, both which were very good. Although I will say my pedicure was the best experience. I'm very picky about my pedicures. I like when they take their time grooming my nails and this lady did just that. Got rid of all dead skin and ingrown nails. Took her time and did not rush. Well done. The mani was good but felt the painting of the actual nail could have been a little better. There were spots with no color. Over all, good place to come.
