4	great place! the food is always good and the staff are so friendly and welcoming. They have great, refreshing iced tea. It's just your basic tea, but it's always good. Pretty much any dish you order will be good. A lot of their dishes are loaded with bits of garlic. They have great lunch specials and their prices are very reasonable.
5	Panda Garden is a family run Chinese Food Restaurant that is always friendly, and most importantly, delicious. You can order dishes family style and there's plenty of delicious meals to try. My personal favorite is the Empress Chicken, sweeter then Orange Chicken, but the flavor just melts in your mouth. I just had the Kung Pao Two which is Chicken and Shrimp, and its even better the next day as leftovers thanks to the generous portions. They have a good selection of sake and beer as well. This is my favorite Chinese restaurant and hope everyone else checks it out.
5	I eat here so much I'm actually embaressed! This place is amazing, I never liked any form of asian food before I ate here, I always order the same thing..sesame chicken with white rice and crab puffs. I like how tiny the restaurant is and the fact that it is family owned. The owners are so sweet, there is never a wait either. They have really good lunch specials and the food is always fresh.
3	To start, I'll let the facts speak for themselves. $1.99 bottles of Heineken $1.49 bottles of Bud Light ALL DAY, EVERY DAY! Craziness! Panda may not have a happy hour, but with prices like that it seems like it would be happy all the time! As if that wasn't enough reason to get you there, the food is pretty good. At first I thought maybe they just got all their customers drunk so the food didn't matter . . . luckily, this is not the case. Panda does not use MSG and has brown rice as an option. Include the fact this place is within walking distance from my house and I am even convincing myself more and more that I need to go there more often, not just all of you. The few times I have been, there have only been a few other people in the restaurant so the wait staff is ready and waiting to fulfill your every request. The few times we sat at the bar, the bartender has been very friendly, yet knew when to give us our space as well. Seeing as how there are a total of six seats at the bar, that is a good skill to have. The restaurant is a little small and there isn't much to say about the (lack of) atmosphere. All of that is the reason I am a little leery to give four stars, but right now they are at 3.5 ish. Advertisement boasts "We serve Dim Sum! Made to Order." I haven't tried it, but now that I know it is an option, I'll have to add that to the to-do list for my next visit.
3	For casual and takeout Chinese food, I like Panda Garden for lunch or dinner.  The prices are great, the food is well above average, and the service is lightning quick.  My kids like the soups a lot, and the sesame chicken.  Not the best ambiance (local TV in the background), but you can't have everything.
3	I got take-out for dinner tonight. It's definitely tasty, and on par with most. Also, their spring rolls are huge!
3	Went for dinner with a friend.  Vegetable Deluxe was good but not great.  Service was good until we finished our dinner.  When we continued to talk for about an hour we stopped getting drink refills and were ignored.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here but if I was hungry and in the area I wouldn't avoid it.
5	I love this place, service and food is excellent. The lady that works there is exceptionally nice, reminds me of my mom haha! Good times.
4	I go here often for lunch and I am never dissappointed. The service is super fast and very friendly. The food is fresh and delicious. I really love the double pleasure, it is shrimp and scallops in a spicy/sweet sauce. Only one thing keeps this place from 5 stars, I would much rather have a cup of soup than the salad. The salad is rather bland and not very good.The prices are great and have daily specials.
5	I have been eating here for years and have never had a bad meal... Super friendly staff and you can tell its family owned everyone is always happy to see you come in to dine. I always order the same thing the Gang Pang Chicken (Szechwan hot! Battered chicken with spicy hot peppers and green peppers) Lunch combo comes with an egg roll, fried rice and a crab puff... I really enjoy this meal each time I have it and trust me I have had it a lot I highly recommend it.
5	Fast....scrumptious...and great price!! I ordered from here by just picking by name lol...glad I did....from phone convo to delivery it was fast and easy....very poliet staff...i will be ordering again!!
4	I'm originally an  east coast patron of Chinese Food and after living in Arizona for 18 years I have mostly been disappointed in the caliber of Chinese Food.  Not much compares to N.Y. Cantonese.  A lot of restaurants are more sophisticated these days and call themselves Asian Fusion food.  Love that, but sometimes I'm looking for some solid Cantonese for the purist in me.  When visiting in Phoenix we came across a family owned "gem" of a place.  It's located in a small shopping plaza that has been affected by the downturn in the economy.  Lots of the stores have closed.  There is a big Ace Hardware at one end of the center.  That is a solid business.  The owners are really so pleasant, the restaurant is spotless as well.  They have wonderful lunch specials with great prices.  The size of the lunch plate is enormous.  Besides that the dishes are delicious and come out piping hot.  This is the only place to go when we go up to Phoenix to visit our son.  Love it.
1	Our family stopped in for lunch one day having medium expectations.  We will not go back.  The orange chicken came out cold for my daughter.  Not sure if they just figured "oh its just a kid" or what.  The crispy shrimp I ordered was boasting of being lightly battered in a sweet honey sauce with vegetables.  It was everything but that.  The fried batter was just about all there was.  It took some effort to find the shrimp inside.  I am still in search of a great Chinese restaurant in Ahwatukee...
4	Great, fast service, and good food makes this the go to chinese when in the area
5	Great food for unbelievably low prices; wonderful service, what else can you ask for? Love this place!
4	Wow...I had to double check the address after reading negative reviews.The food & service here is consistantly AWESOME!I didn't want to tell anybody... because I won't enjoy waiting in the future lines.
4	Very fast delivery and friendly service.  Food is definitely above average.  Not sure who would give this place a bad review...maybe people who thought they were getting Panda Express.  Best Chinese in the area that I have found.
1	Service is fine. quality of food has fallen significantly
4	A solid lunch. They have a daily lunch special for $5.50 and all the other lunch items are $5.75. Well worth it. I will go back for sure.
5	I absolutely love Panda Garden.  This is my favorite Chinese-Inspired restaurant in the valley, the pricy sit-down, dress-up places in Scottsdale and Downtown phoenix notwithstanding.  Every dish I've tried has been delicious, and the service is very fast (normally under 5 minutes for a table of two) and extremely friendly.  If you find yourself fiending for a Chinese fix, and are in the Ahwatukee area, you must stop by Panda Garden!
4	Consistently had a great experience and great food here. We get takeout and it's always ready quickly. Our typical order includes Kung Pao chicken and Kung Pao vegetable, both of which have been excellent with fresh vegetables.
5	Wow! Yeah I said wow. This was some really good Chinese food. It is payday and my coworkers wanted to go out to lunch. One of them was craving Chinese food. So Yelp to the rescue. We found this place and my coworker realized she used to go here all the time and said it was good. So off we went.It is close to work so that is good. The prices weren't bad so that is good. Decor was nice a little dark inside but still good. The tables had tablecloths with Chinese Zodiac place mats on them with a sheet of glass or plexiglass covering all of it. Everyone was checking their signs and their families signs and joking around about it. A nice distraction while waiting for our order. Service was great. They had no problem doing multiple checks and the food came out pretty quick. So did the drinks. The wait staff, which I think were the owners, were very attentive. Drinks always refilled and asking us if we worked in the area and where we worked. Also asked us if we had been there before. When we said no they brought us over take out menus.Now to the food. It was so good. Best Chinese food I have had in awhile. I ordered the Moo Goo Gai Pan. The white sauce that was on it was amazing. The chicken and veggies were perfect and the fried rice was really good. Everybody raved about their different meals. Not one complaint. They got us in and out with plenty of time to get back to work. That was even with 5 people in our group.I will definitely be back to try everything else on the menu. So far away from that other Panda it isn't even worth mentioning. Even cheaper then them too. Great find. High five coworker.
4	Went to lunch with coworkers on a Thursday, it was a last lunch outing for one of our coworkers who is leaving the company and one of my coworkers  suggested we get Chinese food, now still being new to our area we didn't know where to go, so whipped out the Yelp App and searched for Chinese food near here and found Panda Garden, so the place was set and off we went.We were a party of 5 and we didn't have to wait got seated pretty quickly for being high noon, sat at our tables and looked the menu, I was impressed with the selection they have for their daily lunch specials, and if those didn't interest you, they have a great looking lunch menu too. And the daily lunch specials even run on sat too, thought that was a nice touch as well.I wish I caught our servers name, I believe she might have been the hostess as well, she was very friendly and very nice, we all told her it was our 1st time there she asked us were we work and just had conversations with us, felt like a nice family place.I ordered the Gang Pang Chicken lunch combo with Lo Mein Noodles, I wanted to try something I never had before & something that was spicy, and this dish looked like the winner for me. The chicken was lighted battered and covered in this great tasting sauce and it had sliced green onions & fresh jalapenos, and with the lo mien noodles, that dish was delish!!  I just need to remember to ask for more heat next time, but that's because I love things spicy hot!Happy to found Panda Garden and looking forward to adding them to my fast lunch time eats!
3	Food and service was good, nothing special. If you like Chinese food, I do recommend that you try once.
5	Very good Asian food.  The ingredients are very fresh and flavorful.  I loved the Shrimp in Lobster Sauce (hard to find anymore) and the Moo Shoo Pork as well as the Hot and Sour Soup.  I try to go there once a week.  Love the Shrimp Fried Rice as well.
4	Haven't been here in awhile being we do live in Tucson.  We get up to this area when visiting our son.  So when not hitting the gamut of Mexican restaurants we went to our favorite Chinese restaurant in the Phoenix area.  You can't beat the lunch specials.  Three of ate for $22 bucks.  Best thing is lunch is served daily until 4 PM.  It's a very welcoming place.  The owners are so nice and friendly.  The place is so clean.  It might be the white tablecloths that adorn the tables.  The menu is typically Cantonese with the usual dishes.  Everything is very tasty.  We shared the lo mein, mongolian beef and empress chicken.  The serving sizes are humungous.  So needless the say we had no dinner later.
1	Some coworkers were going to Panda Garden and I asked them to bring me back lunch.  I love trying new places.  On a Friday when they went, their lunch special was Empress Chicken where you get rice, Empress chicken, what they call an egg roll and a crab rangoon.  The only thing I liked about this dish was the rice.  I ended up throwing my lunch way.  The chicken were nice sized chunks and they were cooked good but the sauce was just down right awful.  It was too sweet and has a horrible aftertaste.  What they call an egg roll should really be called a spring roll and I don't know if I would call it that?  Like the crab rangoon, there is no filling to it.  Honestly, those should be left off the plate.  I may try another item from here like orange beef which is my favorite but I won't be rushing back any time soon.
2	Panda Garden - NOT GOOD!....I have been here several times for lunch, and even dinner. The portions are very small, even the rice is a very small scoop. The main dish, whether it's for lunch or dinner is way too salty, and the food tastes old, the broccoli, was soaked and limp, not fresh and crunchy, so were the other veggies, the meats and seafood tasted limp and old also...The egg rolls are like something out of munchkin land...SMALL!  very few veggies, and squishy....yew.Panda Garden:Too Expensive, Poor Value! = Not Going Back!Tip: Hot Wok Mr. Cook on Warner Rd. They have the best Chinese in this area and are made to order fresh loaded with veggies and the portions are very generous, and all together cheaper...
5	Great family owned place. Cheap lunch and the food is great. Good service. What more can you ask for.
4	Food is pretty good here! They haven't let me down yet! Love the fact that it's family owned!!
4	This restaurant is great.  Good food, fair prices, great service.Mongollian Beef is my current favorite dish, but I'm steadily working through the entire menu.Last time I tried the Schezwan Shrimp.  It was good, but not spicy enough for my taste.
5	The food is always fresh. So far I have had the chicken fried rice, crispy chicken in a honey sauce and moo goo gai pan, and will continue to return to try more dishes! it is never greasy and always comes out hot. the staff is friendly too!
4	A surprising gem in Ahwutukee.  Not sure about the 2 and 3 star reviews but when I've gone there the vegetables were fresh, portion size for dinner were good.  Yes the lunch portions are smaller but it's also cheaper.  We order take-out many times.
5	Best Lo Mein anywhere in this town! Their dishes always taste fresh and are superbly balanced. We paid them many visits and were never disappointed. They deliver as well.
5	I'm not from around here but I'm glad I stopped in here with my family for Chinese food.  I was kinda worried with all the buffets and take outs in the area as I wanted something good.  I was not disappointed.  Really good hot and sour soup and 4 entrees could easily feed 5 to 6 people.  The tea was good as well. The waiters and waitresses were really nice and the resteraunt was clean and comfortable.   When I'm back in the area I will be sure to visit again.
5	I stopped in here with my family and we were reluctant as to what would be awaiting us inside. The place was very clean and the service was great. The food was excellent and the tea was good too. Will definitely come back here again.
5	Still great food, I have tried many of the menu items.  My favorite is the "Triple Delicacy"; it is basically the Mongolian Beef with chicken and shrimp included.  I have them add broccoli and carrots to mine.  Delicious!
1	Lo mein has a very weird taste.  Not sure why but  pretty sure I dont want to know. Crispy chicken is not crispy.  Breading is excessive and leads to a rubbery consistency.  Not coming back.  Sorry, but third time was not a charm.
4	Food is very good. Lots of choices on the menu. Staff is very friendly. Definitely will be going back often.
4	Nice little restaurant. Really good quality chicken. Lots of options for entrees. Will be back again soon.
4	Just moved here from Connecticut and this is beyond any Chinese I have had back home I've only eaten there once but I had the gang pang chicken and it was phenomenal I love that all their chicken is white meat which is a change of pace from most Chinese places where you have no idea what type of mystery meat chicken you're gonna be getting I definitely will be back
5	I love this restaurant! And they deliver! They are quick, authentic, and tasty. When I need my "real" chinese fix they are my go-to! Their portions are huge... And did I mention they have green tea ice cream?
