1	Bad customer service!  No one at the front desk for thirty minutes.  Plus they left the phone on the counter so when I tried to call their number, phone just kept ringing and ringing.  :(
4	Very clean and modern rooms. The staff were friendly and helpful.
3	Hampton Inn is a great easy pick in AZ. Rooms are a decent size with a microwave and fridge, free wi-fi and breakfast in the AMs. The grab and go breakfast and afternoon/evening cookies are an even better score.Lindy at the front desk was extremely helpful and friendly the entire stay.We found a hair on our bed but they very quickly offered us another room which was hair free.
5	I stayed here for a week 2 years ago and came back this weekend and they were just as wonderful as last time. Fast and easy check in. Check in is at 3pm however we got there at 11am and they let us check in and go to room no problem. Room was very nice and clean. Love the bar with sink,microwave and fridge in the room. If u forget any of the standard travel toiletries they give you FREE ones at front desk and they also offer FREE breakfast. Unlike other hotels that give you stale donuts and bad coffee there free breakfast is a Buffett with eggs, waffles, cereal, oatmeal, biscuits and gravy...you name it. Super fast check out and fast maid service as well. We will only stay here when we come to visit family.
5	Very clean hotel. Excellent service. Great staff. Free wifi. Breakfast was delicious. They really do their best at making their guests feel welcomed and at home. Oh, and can't forget the free popcorn! Quite delicious! Was perfect for our impromptu movie night!
5	Needed to find a place to stay for one night on my drive to Texas, this place was perfect. I didn't have a reservation, but that wasn't a problem they got me a room right away. The staff was quick and knowledgable when we asked question about directions. This hotel is located in a shopping center so it's near other stores. Lots of parking and room I park a car towing a trailer. They serve free breakfast in the morning with scrambled eggs, seasoned potatoes, waffles, biscuits, fresh oatmeal etc. the rooms were nice and the beds were comfortable. The only part that sucked were the towels were very rough, but that's most hotels.
3	the drive to this place is a hike especially from tolleson but it was fine.  the price is right and it was double points so worth the extra time for the extra points.  room was nice and the breakfast was the typical hampton breakfast.  large parking lot.  early in the morning i heard a train so that's a downer.
