5	Great Persian Food at a reasonable price.  The atmosphere is vintage Persian the staff is friendly and courteous.
3	Good Persian food with a courteous staff. Nice to have in the neighborhood.
5	It is always a treat to eat here. The tastes are delicious and exotic and the staff is helpful. A great balance between affordable and romantic. Amazing Persian rugs on the walls as well!You must try the filet mignon (Barg) with the raisin and date rice (adas polo). One of the most delicious meals I've ever had!
5	Actually we ended up here because it used to be a sushi place that my friend was fond of but hadn't been to in a while.  Lo and behold, it closed and turned into Pars...we were hungry and too lazy to drive somewhere else, so we ended up eating here.The decor has a Persian flair, but you can still see elements of it being a Japanese place (the sushi bar is still there)They give you a weird amuse bouche of pita bread and raw onions...weird, but I'm a fan of both and together it was oddly good.  We were ready to order an entree each. but the waiter (I think the owner) suggested we get one of their combo platters and split it (we were 3 people).  We got the shish kabob platter ($29) which came with lamb, chicken and koobideh, rice and salad.  PLENTY of food for all 3 of us, including some to take home.  The meat was all expertly spiced and cooked, and the rice was out of this world.  The waiter (again, I think owner) was very attentive to us and the other diners.All in all, a very enjoyable meal...great food and great service.  The waiter (once again, the owner)  suggested we spend a lot less there at his own expense...you don't see that often.  Oh yeah, they have a full bar...easily 5 stars
4	Excellent, intimate mom and pop restaurant with friendly staff.The lamb shish kebab, ghormeh sabzi and especially the fessenjan were all terriffic.  As was the barberry rice and the rice with limas and dill.  OK beer and wine menu to accompany the great food.  I'm glad this is in my neighborhood.
5	Yeah!  On my first trip, I had the Lamb shank and it was absolutely great - the best lamb shank ever.  Girlfriend had the chicken kabob, it was good too.  On my second trip, I had the cornish game hen (grilled) - absolutely fabulous - moist, juicy, tasty.  Place has a nice, cozy feel to it and prices seem reasonable. I'll be back!
5	Delicious food, great service, loved it! It was served family style so our group of 7 got to sample all kinds of yummy goodness. I brought home a menu so I could accurately describe what we enjoyed.As we were seated, I was fascinated by the art hanging above our table. It had so much texture and color, but I couldn't tell what it was. The restaurant owner, Masoud, explained that it is a Persian rug that took 4 years to make. There were several others around the restaurant that were equally beautiful. Dinner at an art gallery? I love it.Now on to the food. Next time we go, we're ordering:* Maust' Khiar and Maust' Moosier($5.50, $6) yogurt dips w/grilled pita. So creamy and flavorful. I would be content with that as a meal.*Chef's Special - it's $30 and could easily serve 3. It is the combination plate with Barq (filet mignon), juicy chicken filet, and the koobideh (kinda like meatballs), basmati rice and grilled tomatoes.*Dessert! I don't usually like baklava, but this has changed me. It wasn't too sweet or goopy. Lots of flavor. The other "must repeat" is their ice cream. It's yellow in color, but pistachio, honey and saffron in flavor. Mmm mmm, good.
5	Great Persian food and ambiance  I would give them 4.5 stars if I could but between 4 and 5 I have to go 5.  Where to start:Excellent tah deeg (the crispy rice that is made at bottom of the pot when you make Persian white rice).  We covered our tah deeg with an herb stew called Khoresh Gormeh Sabzee (Khoresh is a stew kind of alike in concept to an Indian curry, except with totally different spices, while Sabzee means herbs/greens, so it's essentially an herb/green stew with kidney beans and tender beef).  Gormeh Sabzee is probably the most popular khoresh in Iran.  What a delicious starter.We couldn't decide between the ground beef kabob (an Iranian staple analogous to a cheeseburger in the U.S.), the chicken (called joojeh) kabob, or the lamb shank, so we got all three.  Waaaaaaayyyyy too much food but it was good.  Kabobs vary greatly in Persian cuisine, with everyone having a different take.  This was a plump, lean, and juicy kabob with a mild flavor...I'd give it a 7 or 8 out of 10 which is good.  The joojeh (chicken) kabob needed to be marinated longer in lemon and onion but was cooked very well.  The lamb shank was very good and almost great.  Altogether very good Persian and I would recommend it to anyone, particularly if you've never tried Persian food before and want your first time to be memorable.  The prices were very reasonable ($10-$20 per entree) and we gourged for 2 for $50 including a martini...
5	My first experience with Persian cuisine was Pars a few years back. Since then, I have been hooked, though Pars has been the best of the bunch. The food here is excellent, and the menu is very large. The staff is very friendly and always attentive.Here is a sample dinner that I would recommend for 2 people.-Start with hummus, it comes with fresh warm pita, and is delicious-Order the chefs combination platter. It comes with filet, koobideh kebab (ground beef with onion and spices), and chicken filet. When ordered for 2, it comes with 2 large plates of rice and 2 grilled tomatoes-The persian ice cream is worth it alone to come here. It is huge and more than enough to share. Writing this review makes it hard for me not to think about wanting some right now...If you have never had Persian before, the staff is very friendly and patient, and will help you find something for your pallet.
5	There are not enough stars up there!  I would give 10 perfect stars!  Masoud is the best chef in the world!  The food is always perfect and amazing.  I'm dieing to eat there right now!  All the staff, David and Nadia are the nicest ever!  Worth flying from Seattle to Scottsdale just for dinner!  I recommend the Zereshk Polo!  Amazing!  I love Pars!  Please expand and come to Seattle!
5	Wonderful Persian cuisine... When the quality of Persian Room went down I had a hard time finding a good replacement to get my middle eastern fix... I went to Pars and realized that the chef from Persian room had left to start his own business PARS! Great place...
4	This was our first Persian food experience...I have to say the food was amazing! Great hummus, the pita was done perfectly!! Nice and warm. We had the Cornish hen filet mignon special with rice and a Greek salad,,,, lots of food,,, I mean lots of food enough to feed 6, and it was yummy!!The server Shawn was extra cool. He was stuck there all by him self and he did a great job multitasking,,, he was very polite and we would go back there just because of his excellent service!!! Thanks Shawn !!! The only thing we would change is the decor, it looks like it used to be a sushi place,,, not very Persiany feeling.. That's the reason we gave it 4 stars..
4	We had never had persian food before, just other Mediterranean and some Middle Eastern food, which it seemed like this was a mix of those regional foods? Based on the yelp recommendations, we made sure to share our dish since it sounded like you get quite a bit of food. We got the chicken olivea salad, which is like a chicken/tuna/potato salad, really tasty with our pita bread. It had chicken, green beans, potatoes and lots of mayo, along with tomatoes and pickles on the side. We had leftovers, so I'm making a sandwich out of it! We also shared the sultani combo which had filet mignon and ground beef kebabs. They were both really tasty, and we especially liked the filet mignon. The combo came with batsmati rice and a tomato/cucumber/onion salsa type salad that came on the side. We had the persian ice cream for dessert since we read so much good stuff about it. It was really tasty considering it's a fancy vanilla ice cream. The rose water and pistachios added a nice touch of flavor that was yummyThere was one guy working, who was basically the host, waiter, and busboy, and he did an excellent job! Definitely will come back!
5	Fantastic! Everything is made fresh that day. Great service. Staff was very friendly and the food was amazing... reasonably prices too! Best Persian food around. Hands down!!Great for large groups and kids.
5	I was craving hummus and my friend almost ripped my head off when I suggested Pita Jungle ...so there we were ..at Pars on a weekday night. We were both Pars virgins but the reviews had been good so we tried.He ordered the Chef's special --ground beef, chicken filet, and filet mignon on skewers. It was served with basmati rice and grilled tomatoes.  This dish was $30, we shouldn't have been so greedy and ordered a second dish.  My dish was the Beef Shish which also came with basmati rice.  We also ordered the hummus I was so craving for.Let me start by telling you the Chefs Special could serve a party of 3!!! My god, when the plate came out, I already started my food coma just looking at it.  The 3 meat combo was ...ORGASMIC! The rice was soft and cooked just right. My beef shish was so so, I wish I had just eaten off my friend's plate. :)  The hummus was VERY GOOD...we asked for extra pita bread just to wipe the plate clean.Now on to the atmosphere. There is a little patio for outside seating if you're interested. The inside has a bar and...well, when I first walked in, I almost choked. The smell was ....overwhelming. In a bad way.  This is a horrible way to describe the smell and I'm sorry....but I thought I was walking in to a rest stop restroom.  /)_(\ SORRY!! My friend tells me that's how Persian food is supposed to smell like!!  But man...it took a good 30 minutes before my nose was accustomed to the smell.Aside from the smell, cus I know it's just me.......I gave this restaurant 5 stars for the quality of the food, the fast and friendly service as well as price.  I WILL come back....and breathe through my mouth only for the 1st 30 minutes next time.   Just because they're worth it.  hehe.
1	Poor knock off of the Persian Room down the way on Scottsdale Rd. I heard they even stole the menu and recipes although they don't seem able to follow the recipes very well. The food is a nice try but still something is missing. Don't waste your time the original is not far away go to the Persian Room instead
2	I have eaten Persian quite a bit when we lived in Atlanta.  My husband and I went for lunch today.  His $12 gyros were very dry although the meat itself was nicely spiced.  The basmati rice was nicely cooked.I had shirazi salad and it was quite salty.  I've never had overtly salty Shirazi salad before.  i did not taste or see any mint in their salad, which i thought was a usual ingredient.  i have now compared the shirazi salad at Pars, Persian Room, and Tasty Kabob.  Tasty Kabob's shirazi is the most tasty, makes my mouth want to dance.I also had the Khask-o-bademjam at Pars.  It was salty and otherwise blandPars' bread is not the usual large disc shaped (12 inch diameter) type homemade bread I have become accustomed to at other Persian restaurants such as Persian Room after 6pm.  Pars' bread is more like pita bread but it is tasty.If I go back to Pars, we will try the kebobs. they look good on the menu anyway.Our waiter was attentive and friendly.
5	If you appreciate middle-eastern food an/or persian food, you will "love" Pars.  The owner is always in the back cooking up an amazing and consistently great tasting meal.By far, they have the best hummus in town.  Pars puts Pita Jungle's hummus to shame.All of their meat skewers are great but the mahi mahi is out of this world.  He also cooks amazing Zeresch Polo (rice with barberries) and everything is so flavorable.  Although it's hidden in NE Scottsdale, it's well worth the drive and wait!
5	Did they get my grandmothers recipes!? The food here is really good, authentic and large servings. I went with a friend; next time we will split an entree next time. The hummus was fresh, the souvlaki was marinated and cook medium rare as requested and the salad had just enough feta. We did share a creme caramel and it was fab.
5	My wife and I had lunch at Pars. Ate on the patio which is very nice and private. We shared the Hummas for a starter which was very good. The pita served was delicious. This was followed by a very large entre. I had the salmon with a salad and rice and my wife had a chicken meal. They both were delicious and far more than we needed to fill us up.The server was excellent. We eat slowly and we were not rushed at all. We found this jem on Yelp and we will certainly be returning.
4	I was in the other night with my mother for dinner.  We both enjoyed the experience very much.To start we had the Maust Khiar yogurt appetizer.  Flavored with mint and diced cucumber it was light and refreshing. Perfect for dipping with the warm pita bread.We both ordered stews for our main course.  I had the Gheimeh Bademjan which was basically a beef stew.  Served with a side plate of rice it was delicious.My mom ordered the Fessenjan.  It was a chicken stew flavored with walnuts and pomegranate.  It was a very different flavor than I have ever had and quite good too.I'd like to come back here soon and try their other interesting menu items.
5	Best place in Arizona for Persian. I would know since I eat Persian food often as it is a part of my background. It is so delicious. I always share the chef's special which offers a mixture of dishes and is more than enough to share.
5	Phenomenal food without the unreal price. I used to go with a Persian co-worker, so he did all the ordering and also could critique the food from a position of proper knowledge. The ghormeh sabzi (a delightfully light stew that you will desire in the future after your first bite) is incredible and said coworker claimed it is the best he's had. The chefs special is 3 meats (chicken, steak and beef) platter that is great too, just be warned it is too much food for less than 3 people. Their sides of rice are served on a platter that could hold most Thanksgiving turkeys, and again it is great.If there is one thing to note, be prepared for a dinner over 1 hour due to some of the dish preparation time.
4	This is a very good place.  The tadig, ghormeh sabzi, rice, koobideh, and everything else were great.  Been going to the persian room for years ,once in a while.  This place is much smaller and the food is much better.  Will be back for sure.
5	The food was delicious! The Sultani plate (filet & ground beef kabab combo)was cooked nicely. And the Persian Ice Cream for dessert finished our meal off perfectly. Our server, Sean, was absolutely fantastic. He was friendly and helpful with choosing our dinner. My husband and I have found our new regular place. He can't stop talking about how good dinner was.
5	I love this restaurant. I had lunch at Pars today with a business associate who had never tried Persian food. We ordered the tadig (crispy golden rice from the bottom of the pot) with gormeh sabzi (parsley, beef, red bean stew) and gehmi (yellow split pea stew) and it was excellent, as always. The tadig is a favorite of my family so I always order it when I take friends.For lunch, I had Zeresk polo (barberry rice and chicken) and it was amazing, the sauce on the chicken was very good and the rice was the best! My friend had basmati rice and white meat chicken kabob - a very good choice for someone new to Persian cuisine.The service is excellent, and the food is consistently outstanding. By far, Pars is the best Persian Restaurant in the valley.
5	Best koubideh, chicken and filet combo I have ever had.  Can't stop eating when I'm here.  Hummus is outstanding, too.
5	I had never tried Persian cuisine before, but generally love Mediterranean and Middle Eastern flavors, so I was intrigued by the new possibilities. My partner and I had pretty high expectations of Pars after reading so many positive reviews, but our meal was even better than we anticipated. The Pars Appetizer Platter sampler was varied, abundant, and outstanding, particularly the Shirazi salad (reminiscentof a Persian pico de gallo) and the Olivieh salad, which combined chicken, potatoes, and mayonnaise in a deliciously unusual dish. The entree ground beef Koobideh kababs were succulent and well-seasoned, and the Basmati rice and Zereshk Polo rice side dishes were amazing. Despite having to take most of our enormous portions away with us, we still found room for dessert and really enjoyed sharing the Persian ice cream - rich vanilla enhanced with saffron, rose water, and pistachio. What a delicious meal!Our server, Laura, was attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly, and the interior decor was attractive, although we elected to sit outside. All in all, we were delighted with our experience at Pars and will return there the next time we're in town!
5	Best Persian on the West Coast!
4	Gosh, I would love to give Pars Persian five stars, but it just doesn't quite make it.  Maybe 4.4 stars.   There were a few rough edges.  For example, the night we went the one mainstream fish item was not available.  The servers are friendly but pretty much what you would expect in a strip-mall restaurant, but the interior is 3/4 of the way to posh.  You can't worry about things like that when you come here.As to the food -- I thought everything was very good to exceptional, but my wife found some of the stews only adequate.  This is more Persian than most Americans are used to in a Persian restaurant, and that is both its strength and its weakness.  My advice -- be adventurous, and if you don't really care for something, try something else next time.  And I think there will be a next time; in fact, for me, if the prices were just a few dollars cheaper (and they are not unreasonable at all), there would be many next times.  I could eat at Pars Persian every week and not tire of the food.
4	Solid persian food.  Have the beef platter - it comes with some kind of ground beef and sirloin on skewers.  Served on a bed of saffron rice.  Its all very delicious, and even better the next day.  $20/plate, but you can share between 2 people and be full.  Love the complimentary pita bread!
4	Really good Persian food - lots of good things on the menu, but my favorite is the cornish game hen which is always tender and tasty!  The grilled fish is awesome too (Mahi Mahi, I believe). I think the prices are reasonable overall, but my beer was at least $6 and I think that is unreasonable.  On principle, since I saw that on my last bill, I've been kinda boycotting the place though I'm sure I'll be back ...
3	Pretty good meal. It was our first time eating Persian. We ordered the Pars Shish-Kebabs (Lamb shish-kebab, koobideh & chicken shish kebab served with Basmati rice). It was more than what the two of us could eat. The portions were great. The meat was tender, but didn't quite pack the flavor punch we were expecting.  Service was also pretty good. I have to admit that I was a little distracted by the football game on the TV at the bar. I felt it took away from the atmosphere. Overall, it was a good experience. I would give it a 3.5 it I could.
1	First, I'll start by saying that the food, once I was served, was good. Nowhere near worth the price. Certainly not worth the wait.The only reason I came by here was that they have a sign proclaiming that they are mostly gluten-free. I walked in, the place is empty, and I waited quite a while before anyone bothered to come out and seat me, without a menu. Eventually the waitress brought me out pita bread with onions. I asked her if the pita bread was gluten-free and she told me of course it wasn't.Now, I figured this, however, if your restaurant is proud to be gluten free, and hangs a sign outside to encourage customers seeking gluten-free foods then a) you should ask first before you bring out (not counting desserts) the main item of food that ISN'T gluten-free out to your customer and b) don't be rude to your customer. Look, you just basically waved something delicious that I miss in front of me and in effect said "too bad you can't have this."Getting past that, I was finally given a menu, and PLENTY of time to decide what I wanted. I ordered the Chicken Filet Sultani, which is chicken kabob with a ground meat koobideh kabob.The koobideh was good, the chicken was kind of tough. Not dry, but maybe overdone. I then also had to wait for the waitress to come around for me to pay the bill. I just dropped cash and left.If you are craving Persian food and you are in North Scottsdale, do not go to Pars. Get back onto Frank Lloyd Wright and drive west until you get to Scottsdale Road, then go north a little way and enjoy The Persian Room.
4	Pleasantly surprised to find solid Persian food in Scottsdale -- not what we expected. I got the Pars special (steak, kebab, and cornish game hen). I did not realize how much food they give in these combos. Beyond the proportions, the flavor of the meat was good (well seasoned and reminded me of the great Persian restaurant, Persepolis, that we used to frequent in Manhattan). Anyhow, if you like Persian or middle eastern food, in general, this place will definitely do the trick.
4	I'm going to keep the 4 star rating because so much of their stuff is so good, but I just had their 'filet mignon' skewer and ... if that's filet mingon then I'm the Prince of Persia! Filet Mignon is unbelievably tender and generally cubed (in this context). What I was served was thinly sliced, and quite tough. Not terribly tough, but certainly not melt-in-the-mouth that you would expect from filet mignon. If you want to call it 'tender beef' or something, go for it but please, not f.m.!  Beer prices were $1 off so that's a good sign! They also have beautiful artwork on the walls - very unusual stuff brought over from Iran.
4	We went here last night with a group of 8 friends. I had gotten take out from here once before but never dined in. The service was great, fresh pitas were brought out immediately with onions/butter. The waiter did a good job answering any questions for those of us who hadn't had persian food before. We ordered the ground beef with saffron rice with berries and a side of yogurt. This was enough for two people. The beef was excellent, moist and flavorful. The yogurt dip with cucumber and garlic was great for dipping the meat and rice. Next time I'll have to save room for dessert!
1	Love the food.  Been going to Pars for a few years now and the food is great.  We purchased a to go order for 5 people for $110. They gave us only two soggy pitas and when I called to complain, the manager (Tina) told me that we only bought two meals and that we are only entitle to two pitas.  I realize that I am only citing one customer issue but they have become very stingy with basic items and charge $1 for each additional pita. When we eat in, they offer us pitas through the meal and are more reasonable. I told the manager I was disappointed with our meal and she said that "It's policy".  They have also asked us to leave when our child acted up and we were one of two families eating there. They are not family friendly and clearly do not care about the customer.
5	This is by far my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. The food is wonderful! It is truly done right.  If you have never had Persian food don't be put off, you should definitely try Pars.
4	In a pinch while on my way to see Taliesin West I dropped in dressed for motorcycling and was greeted warmly by the host. I noted my hurry and was kindly recommended the Lamb Barg-Kebab ($20) for a popular entree that comes out quickly and went for it.In under 15 minutes I had a to-go bag in my hand. When I got to my destination (after riding ~3 miles with the bag flopping in the wind!) I was very pleased with the quality. I will have to come back another time when I can sit down and enjoy a(n expensive) meal with a date.. The atmosphere and staff seemed pleasant, and I can vouch for the lamb kebab!
3	The food tasted A-Ok but I'm not in a rush to go back. I ordered the Lamb Shank  ($21) along with the Basmati Rice and the Shirazi Salad ($5.50). I thought the lamb was decent, but it didn't make my top ten list. Pars gives you so much rice, that you can have a party of about 50 people at your house and it would be enough for 50 people. Why too much rice, more lamb please. I guess I'm not a fan of Basmati Rice. I also had the Shirazi Salad, which I thought was very tasty and the best part of my Pars experience. In fact, I make this salad at home all the time now. The salad has diced tomatoes, cucumbers, onions and is sprinkled with lemon juice and olive oil. The total tab, which included tip for 4 people was $140.
4	Friends took us for dinner. They had nice outdoor seating which we enjoyed.  The service was friendly, but forgetful, had to be reminded of several things.  Food was overall quite good. Kabob meats were moist and tasty. They had many flavored rice sides, forms of biryani, that were interesting and fun. Try different ones and share them around. The lamb shank was spectacular.  The baklava was meh.
5	This place is really amazing. Omg!!  I'm so happy we found Pars. Everything we eat we amazing!  5-star for sure. The Boyles
3	A small restaurant tucked inside a plaza area well worth a visit. At first glance the outside may seem somewhat unappealing. The inside is not much better, however, the food should more than make up what the place lacks in decor.The staff is very friendly, and service is pretty fast. Having tried plenty of authentic Persian food before I can say this place is up there.If you're in the area, and in the mood for something different this may be a great choice to end your evening.
5	Pars Persian Cuisine is a definite must place to try! The staff is friendly and helpful, especially if you are not familiar with the choices. Try the side dishes of Lubia Polo or Adas Polo (I always substitute one of these even though the regular rice is great too). The portions are more than generous; I usually have a take home box so I have lunch the next day as well. Try the Sultani, the kabobs, the chefs platter, all of it. My son and I make it a point to go every time we are in town. He is a vegetarian and loves the choices available. Try this restaurant! You'll be glad you did.
5	What a gift to have around the corner!I agree with one of the previous reviewers....from the outside it doesnt look like anything special.  But the inside is wonderfully appointed with tasteful furnishing and artwork.  Tranquil and peaceful.  The bar too is unassuming yet refined and classy.The waitstaff is all wonderful.  You'll feel like you've been transported to another state of mind where customer service is once again important.  The guys are great!  Such professional courtesy.  The menu is great.  They have pictures for people so that they know what they are ordering, yet the staff is eager to offer suggestions.  Everything is a speciality.  They have 7 or 8 different types of specialty rices.  The lamb shank is incredible as are all the kabobs and the kebodah!  No matter what you order, they bring out the softest, fresh hot pita with butter and raw onions.  May sound like a strange combo, but you won't feel that way after trying it.  And no matter how awesome your meal is (and I promise you will be shocked at how great it tastes) I challenge you to find a way to finish it all.  The portions are wonderfully huge and your mouth will be watering the next day waiting for lunch to arrive so you can finish it.  Best of all...despite the fact that this feels like a "Saturday night special place", its affordable enough to enjoy any night of the week almost.  Especially because most of you will get two meals out of it!!!I have learned to love The Persian Room also.  But PARS is so much classier...so much more romantic...so much more "approachable" for those of us not from the middle east.  And the food is better here too.  Gotta check this place out!!!!
5	Absolutely adore this spot. Love persian food. My culture is amazing, and its highly demonstrated here. The cook left Persian Room and opened up his own little spot. It's a great hole in the spot restaurant. Good for dates, and family events. Love the owners. GREAT service, great food.
4	I loved the Salmon Kebab with Sabji Pulo. Yumm...The Pulo or rice was the best I have ever eaten. And we eat rice almost daily. We also had the chicken and the lamb kebabs. I just had a little taste of them but they were not out of this world or anything. The owners confirmed that they have recently gone Kosher. No halal meats here although the menu still says it is halal.Place is kinda small. Good to call in a reservation on weekends.
5	We enjoyed a very late lunch here on Tuesday 2/19/13.  We arrived around 2PM, well after the usual lunch time.  I'm always a bit trepidatious about eating later than the usual meal times as the food quality sometimes suffers.  Darius, the waiter was extremely pleasant and informative about the dishes.  We ordered off the lunch menu which includes a green salad with onion, tomato and cucumber and rice with the dish.  I had the Chicken Filet-Kebab with basmati rice.  I have to commend the chef on this dish.  It was well seasoned and they accomplished the trick of grilling the chicken and it was still tender and juicy!  Well done!!My husband had the Salmon with Sabzi Polo.  The salmon was tastefully marinated in their own special sauce and was served with their Sabzi Polo rice.  The rice is basmati mixed with with fresh garlic, dill weed, parsley & cilantro.  Wonderful, wonderful rice!!  We both loved it.They have an attractive patio so you can enjoy outdoor seating.    The decor indoors is tasteful.. not particularly exciting but acceptable.We were very pleased with the food and service and look forward to dining at Pars again!
5	This place is awesome. The food is delicious, the service is outstanding, and the prices are very reasonable. I wish we lived closer to it, but as it is we make an effort to come here when we are in town every year for Spring Training. The stews in particular have a unique depth of flavor. I highly recommend that everyone check this place out and see for themselves what a great spot it is!
5	Fabulous kubideh...and I've tried it all over the US. For lunch food was very reasonably priced and, as already pointed out, with very large portions. Went back  to try the chicken kebabs, but then had the kubideh again!! Wait staff was super nice...try it, you'll like it!!
1	What a horrible place!  I order a stew...little did I know it was going to be one of the most salty, tasteless meals I've ever eaten.  There was suppose to be Cilantro in the stew...there wasn't.  I ask for some and the waiter brings my parsley! He tells me they don't have cilantro, yet the menu clearly said there was cilantro. The owner sometime later came by to ask me about the meal, I told how bad it was...he said thanks and turned around.  My sister ordered a beef Kabob...menu price was $17.  The waiter asked if she wanted this or that. We get the bill, and her meal costs $25!!!  She thought the meal tasted good, but said she'd never go back again. We got the bill for $60!!!  With all their nickel and dime items.  I would never suggest this place to a soul...and the restaurant is empty...and there is a reason!
5	always good, great staff delicious fresh food  in a slightly romantic setting with a full bar. I have never had one complaint. We have eaten here at least 25 times. The food is healthy, seasoned perfectly and huge portions.  The service and the kitchen are well coordinated. Great job.
5	Quality, Service, Class. This is properly fine dining.They serve authentic skewers of heaven, and even the rice is good here (a lot of middle eastern restaurants overlook their rice, this was a most pleasant surprise). Service exceptional, and if you like wine the drinks are very well-priced. The beef sultani plates are exceptional, but if you are looking for somethingh different the chicken sultani is a very pleasant surprise.A perfect date place if you want to impress.
4	Been here on 3/22/14, the service was nice and there were good veg options too.. (As am vegie) liked the complimentary bread & onion. And there soup & oyster entree was awesome.. But keep in mind it bit pricey for what you get !!
5	I'm 100% persian and was born and raised in LA. I've tasted some of the best home made and restaurant persian food in my time and Pars is nothing short of the best. Quality is always spot on and the meals are authentic. This is the only Persian restaurant that I'll dine at in Arizona.
4	Food adventure stop #23? - Persian food!Was invited by a girl friend to try this place as my first Persian food experience, recommended by her as she has been a fan of this place, and just by one visit, i became a fan!We enjoyed a shared plate of grilled lamb, chicken and veggie kabobs, complimented with two different kinds of rice, one with dates and beans, the other was with saffron if i remembered it correctly. The kabob was tasty with the unique Persian seasoning I suppose, though not overly salted or spiced, the flavor was more on the mild side, which was good for us :) We both liked the rice with dates in it, the little sweetness really balanced well with the food. I look forward going back for some more of its menu!
5	I really like Pars but I have been there a few times now. Their gheimeh, gheimeh bademjan and lamb shank are nothing short of delicious and I love their bread. The restaurant is a bit on the pricier side but the portions are large and enough for a dinner the following day too. The waiter was great and very genuine and friendly. We will certainly make Pars a regular stop in the future.
4	I can only comment on the lunch portion given take out, but the portions are pretty big and tasty.  My usual is the gyros plate, came with pita, basmati rice, side salad, and a whole roasted tomato. The meat are just four giant strips of meat diagonal on the to go box, and they had the right amount of salt as well as crispiness from the rotisserie process.I had the appetizer combo plate once dining in, but the tray is huge! Would not recommend tackling with a party under four people.For a $10 meal, the gyros plate was very good. I'm pretty sure you get more pita when you eat in, so make sure you do if you want to try out this awesome Persian cuisine!
2	Lets first start with the ambiance. The furniture and decor was outdated. It was dark, gloomy, and far from elegant being the prices were more then your average restaurant. It needs a lot of gordon ramsays help to fix this restaurant. The service was average, if that. We started with the shirazi salad which contained diced cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, a little bit of EVOO, and a tremendous amount of lemon juice. It was very difficult to enjoy with the sour/tart aftertaste. Since this was our first time, we decided to order the chefs special platter. It contained chicken breast kebob, ground beef Kebob, and lamb Kebob. On top of that we also ordered the shish Kebob platter. This platter contained "filet mignon" Kebob (biggest lie, filet mignon isn't a thin strip of meat which is tough, unless they don't know how to cook it), another chicken breast Kebob and lamb Kebob. We ordered these platters for some variety, but the funny thing is, there was no variety. All of the meats were marinated in the same spices/sauce that in result, didn't allow us to differentiate between all of the different meats. I am a foody and I cook traditional shish Kebob at home, being that I am from the Middle East. This restaurant does not deserve to sell and advertise their horribly tasting Kebobs. Having said that, their basmati rice was my favorite dish. That is why I'm generous enough to give them two stars. In conclusion, 6 skewers of the same exact tasting meats, a huge portion of basmati rice, small bowl of salad, and two hot teas costed roughly 120 dollars with tip. Don't waste your time and gas. You would have a better service at McDonald's.
1	Just went here, please do not judge Persian food in this restaurant, the tadig was old and very hard to chew, he replaced our tadig with another same old hard to chew tadig. He over charges, make sure you read the entire menu for suprise charges. The owner seems to have no knowledge of restaurant etiquette. We order chicken soltani and they brought beef and said there is no chicken koobedeh. The beef koobideh has an odd taste... The restaurant was dead I should have known. I do not recommend this place, as a Persian I am embarrassed it is called Persian. The owner seemed extremely arrogant and I hope he leaves the restaurant industry...
1	Horrible horrible service and food. The owner is very condescending and rude. Stay away. If you're hungry go to the Taco Bell right across...
1	I read the negative reviews I ignored it and paid the price and now I am filled with remorse and wish I didn't go. The Italian restaurant next door was the better option, or maybe Arby's.
5	Great place! I own the spa across the street (Hawaiian Experience Spa) and finally have driven by Pars hundreds of times. Finally, I made the time to check out this unique restaurant. We went for lunch on a Sunday, and everything was great. My only complaint, so to speak, was that there was no lunch menu and the dinner portions are too large for me for lunch. I ended up getting Chicken-Kabob and my wife just got soup and we split everything. It was still $31 with a tip with no drinks.Still, the food was excellent, the service was great, and it was a nice quiet place. I definitely recommend it.
1	Stay away at all costs. It is an overpriced, under service and ambiance place.  Food was below average and the owner/waiter or whatever he is was rude and inflexible with the menu. So it is a pricey, no ambiance place, slow service, and belw average food. The Persian Room is a much better place.
5	Let me start with saying that I'm persian and grew up with persian food. The food at Pars is very authentic. The kababs are moist and delicious and the saffron rice is to die for. I can make most of the stews at home but somehow I haven't met anyone yet that can make kabobs at home as good as at a restaurant. I still have to learn the secret of the perfect persian kabob. The Soltani platter is a little pricey but its my absolute favorite. Don't forget to try the house made, persian ice cream sandwiches. Its delicious and you will end up licking your fingers at the end.
5	This is a must stop when we come to town. They have the best dolmeh we've ever had, anywhere. The service has been great everytime we've gone.
1	I have been going to this place every Friday. The kabobs are good. The service is decent. But to charge a side for asking extra peperoncini peppers. THATS RIDICULOUS. First I thought it was a mistake so I asked the waitress. She then told me that the owner asked her to charge extra.That was the last time I was there. Persian Room, here i come! I love that food, but the attitude has to change.
1	Used to like this place but very disappointed today.  They ran out of koobideh on a sunday (that's like McDonalds running out of Fries). After the server explained the situation she said same price for barg. Eventually we agreed (reluctantly). Then our server came back and said no, its going to cost extra and would rather us know than just give us a bill for more than expected (as if that's an option, surprise! $).Our party of 6, some from out of town with strong cravings were about to head elsewhere.  We decide to speak to the manager who instantly confirms there will be no koobideh. My wife (who's Iranian) and i come frequently and expressed our disappointment.  My wife is fair skinned with light hair and doesn't always get recognized as Iranian. So... Her and the manager switch to farsi and not a moment after realizing shes Iranian we are told he can have koobideh ready in 10 minutes.  About 10 minutes later, not a minute more, we were served what we had been asking for all along. Interesting right? Now you can form your own opinion from reading this. I know for us, we will be thinking again before returning or referring others and will be make a point to tell our Iranian friends about this story.  I couldn't be more ashamed and embarrassed for them over this experience especially after patronizing the business for many years prior. Bottom line, the food isn't quite like it used to be and apparently there are some other deep rooted issues as well. But hey, there's always Persian room.
2	Went for lunch. Nice seating indoors and out. Quiet though for lunchtime. We had the koobideh and the chicken kabob. Lunch comes with salad and rice as well as a grilled tomato. The food was great EXCEPT that one of the tomatoes clearly had mold on it and the chef/owner tried to say that the tomato changes to white/grey mold color when cooked. So not only did he give me mold to eat but then lied about what it was. 4 star food but 1 star service from the owner*disclaimer* our server was great however...not sure if I should go back...should I?
1	I used to like this place for one reason. Ice cream. But service here is so horrible now. I can't comment on the food since we were never seated. The "hostess" was new and told us there were no tables available even though there were plenty of tables open. I asked why and she said those are all reserved for later...Hmm it was 6:45 and she said people had reservations for 6:30. That was the first issue. We've been here many times in the past, never with a reservation and this new hostess says they don't have a table for us. Then a server comes over and assures us we are not welcome there. Your job is to make customers feel welcomed, not kick them to the curb. Needless to say I will never come back. The only reason I've been going in the past was for their pistachio ice cream. All of the meat or chicken was always way too dry or undercooked. Rude service to say the least. They need to get rid of this horrible new staff and keep that help wanted sign on the window cause the staff they have now belongs at a walmart with their lack of hospitality. Go to Persian Room.
4	Delicious! The chicken sultani is very flavorful and the oyster mushroom kebob was perfect! The portions are large-we took leftovers home. We sat outside were it was quiet, but the inside had a nice ambiance as well. Wish I would have had room for dessert.
4	Great for vegetarians!  Try the mushrooms!We've hit up Pars a couple of times when we were stuck in a food rut.  Both times I was very impressed with the experience.  The decor leaves a bit to be desired - it is very dated inside and quite small and dark.  The wine list was also a bit of a drag - pretty cheap selections and nothing unique.  Instead, I had a beer with dinner.  The two of us ordered:Vegetarian Platter (Dolmeh, Maust' Khiar & Hummus) and the Oyster Mushroom Kebab to split.  My boyfriend is HUGE eater, and we were stuffed by the end of the meal - I definitely recommend splitting unless you love leftovers.  Great food - we will definitely be back the next time we can't decide where to head in our neighborhood!
4	Came here with a friend one evening, and we were seated quickly,  though the place was kind of dead. The friendly waiter brought out pitas and drinks,  and we got our order fairly quickly. And let me tell you,  what an order!  Tons of food! I got the Chicken Barg-Sultani, and it was super delicious. Great rice and salad.  Though  really, the order could have been half the size and price and It would have been just as good. Not sure if the huge plates of food are a cultural thing,  meant to be shared? Not used to that,  but good to know for next time. It definitely cured my desire for something different that evening!
4	I am going to preface this review by stating that I have never had Persian food before. Mediterranean yes, but Persian specific, no. We arrived on Saturday night, around 7:30 and the restaurant was busy, but not packed. We waited a few minutes for the host to come by and then were seated. This is not the type of place where they are going to hold your hand to get to your table and then describe things to you. Did not bother me in the least. Our waitress quickly came by to introduce herself,  take drink orders, and drop off some pita, butter, and onion. Upon receiving our drinks we ordered the appetizer platter. When we told her we weren't quite ready to order she gave us time, but then came back within an appropriate amount of time to check-up (I find a lot of places they nearly forget about you if you aren't ready right away, so this was nice). The appetizer platter was huge and we barely made a dent. I especially liked the dolmeh and Maust' Khiar. For my entree I ordered the Sultani: filet and koobideh, going 1/2 salad and 1/2 rice for the side. I thought this was very good. The filet had a nice flavor and was tender. The koobideh had a distinct flavor of it's own that I very much enjoyed. The rice and salad were a nice compliment. I didn't even come close to finishing my plate; you definitely get plenty of food.  My friends ordered a variety of other dishes ranging from one of the stews to the gyro platter. Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals. We agreed that we would not go out of our way to visit very often, but the food was great Persian if you are in the area and hungry for that type of cuisine.
5	This place is incredible. My wife and I love Pars the people are friendly and the service is great. You are going to pay some $$ but the food/dessert is worth it " you get what you pay for" try the red wine "tree of life" very good! The restaurant is a big supporter of the military..owner is a good man:)
4	We have ordered from Pars twice for big family events and it has been perfect both times. The portions are generous in size and the food tastes great. Also the food was packed and ready on time and everything was very organized. The owner and employees were very friendly.
5	Phenomenally good healthy food.   Fresh made Baklava.   Nice ambiance and the wait staff take the time to recognize your needs.
4	Food was very very good. The basmati rice was moist and fragrant, and the filet mignon skewer was perfectly grilled and seasoned.  The oyster mushroom kebab was terrifically juicy. Portions are plentiful.Service was friendly, but a bit slow due to limited number of staff (it seemed like only one waitress was working Saturday night). Ordered the specialty appetizer plate of hummus and spreads and burned through the (warm, delicious) pita bread too fast. The waitress promised to bring another batch, but got busy taking all the other orders. In the end, the owner brought out the pita bread himself, which we appreciated. Definitely recommended for Persian food in AZ.
5	If you like Persian food this place "Rocks!"Although most people go here for the Kabobs, the traditional Persian Dishes like gormeh sabzi, and gehmi with basmati rice are Fantastic too!Definitely Five Stars.
5	OMG I love this place personally it's the best! I love how when you get it to go and they get it ready in 10 minutes, I also love the employees there so kind:):)
4	Good food, great service, the location is not the best and place is small and a little too dark.  The Kabab's are okay, they were a little bland.  The Ghormeh Sabzi was delicious.  The ice cream is awesome.  The rice portions are a little smaller than what I am used to at Persian restaurants.  Overall it is a good place and I would go back.
3	Disappointed.  The lamb shishkabob was dry and tough.  The mahi mahi however was not bad. The basmatti rice was delicious. We got caught up in some extra charges we didn't know about but the manager was good enough to take them off. Our waitress was friendly and efficient.  All in all I doubt we will go back.  It's too expensive and too far off the beaten track.  We'll hit the Persian Room instead.
