5	I absolutely love this place. They use the best quality ingredients and the food is so yummy! When I eat here I actually feel good when I leave, opposed to just feeling full and tired.
4	Stumbled upon this restaurant today as I had discovered the close-by hotel room I booked was not going to meet our needs and I had to desperately find a new one. It was late for lunch....2:30ish...and there were only 2 diners outside and no one inside at all. Normally this would worry me, but when I looked at the menu I knew it was likely because Arizonians are afraid of anything organic or natural (yes...total California snobbery...I admit it). Anyway, i asked if there was wifi because I was desperate to use my computer...and they kindly allowed me to tap into their private wifi. That went above and beyond, as far as I was concerned. On top of that, the waitress was absolutely lovely....sweet and as helpful as can be.I ordered the salmon salad which came very differently than what I expected - more like an open-face tunafish spread - but still very, very delicious. We had also ordered a hummus for the table and it was a HUGE amount and very good. Husband and daughter had garden burger sandwiches, and vegetarian son had scrambled organic free-range eggs and whole grain muffins (yes, you can get breakfast this time of day).I hope that people discover this place because the food is good....and the service is wonderful. And I really appreciate them helping me out of my wifi bind as I sat like a nerd or geek or rude person eating and computing - but otherwise we wouldn't have anywhere to stay!
1	Such a disappointing experience.  The food was bland, presentation was terrible and the service was poor.  I ordered the vegie burger which turned out to be a  mushy patty that wasn't fully cooked or formed.  The quinoa side salad that came with the dish was small and flavorless.  They only have one white wine and one red wine selection.  My two other vegie friends were equally disappointed.  Don't waste your money on this place.
4	For all of you weight-loss oriented new year's resolution folks who can't bear to stop eating out and about, here's the solution.This place is GENUINELY healthy (I'm still glaring at you, True Food), damn good, and totally affordable (Thanks, LocalDines!).Some breakfast standouts include the gluten-free Belgian waffles. They're smothered in almond butter, coconut cream, and bananas. Give me that over whipped cream and chocolate chips any day, fatties. That was rude. I take that last part back. Moving on... The frittata was also delicious. Eggs, vegetables, cheese (or rice cheese), and a whole-grain english muffin with jam. Perfect morning fuel, and one of the only guiltless breakfasts I've enjoyed out on the town (eff you, Matt's Big Breakfast, with your glutinous temptations oozing with fat. Okay, I still love you.)For lunch, the gluten-free pasta, veggie burger, and burrito have all been awesome. Yes, gluten and dairy-free individuals can still enjoy a fat, cheesy burrito. Deprivation is for wusses.. you can look good and enjoy food here. If you don't like soft veggie burgers, don't order this one. I loved it, though. Veganaise is my friend.The Parfait is probably the healthiest, most decadent I've ever had at a restaurant. Layers of bananas, chocolate pudding, almond butter and strawberries. Majorly satisfying (mildly orgasmic). I'd eat it for dinner and be full until the next day. In fact, I may go do that right now.
5	Very charming restaurant in the courtyard of the Borgata. The inside is modern and clean. The server we had was very friendly.  Food is very fresh and flavorful. Lots of gluten, nut, and  dairy free options.We started with the Heavenly Hummus. It is one of if not the best hummus we have had. Flavorful, but light and not heavy like much of the other hummus out there. The Rawlicious salad portion size was very generous. The dressing is the best. Light and healthy tasting. So good that many people drink what's left over - we did. The veggie burger patty is green in color and very soft and will squeeze out the sides when you bite into it. It is not a firm patty at all, but taste healthy and good. You can also get it in a tortilla. Not as messy to eat that way. Coffee was excellent and the ice tea had a pleasing herb taste.This is without a doubt the nicest organic, healthy, vegetarian/vegan restaurant in the valley in terms of charm, style, decor and ambiance.  A great place to dine outside and listen to the tranquil courtyard fountain.We will definitely be regulars and are looking forward to trying the delicious looking desserts!
1	RED FLAG, RED FLAG, RED FLAG!  I wish I could give this place a quarter star! None of the food is restaurant quality! Frozen broccoli, re-heated potatoes that were cold in the middle and the "Mystic Cheesesteak" was rubbery and also re-heated somehow.  Maybe that's the mystic part. My girlfriend had the vegetarian kamut pasta, also sprinkled with frozen vegetables and BLAND as bland can be. Our choice of red or white wine was red and it came ice cold! The menu is bizarre and third gradish stemming from the owner who clearly does not give a crap and doesn't know what the hell he is doing. Hopefully by the time you read this they will be out of business and I will have saved you $$$. The server was nice and as sweet as could be but gives you the most bizarre excuses for everything.  Were it not for her and my girlfriend not wanting me to make a scene, we would have walked out.  Please trust me when I tell you that I do know what I am talking about and if you go with the five star reviews don't say I didn't try to tell you.
1	Service is horrible!!!  Wait staff & owner are incredibly rude &  hurtful.  Went with my friend who was speaking to our server and later heard the owner mocking my friend.  How disrespectful!  This is not how you treat your loyal customers who have been patronizing your establishment since it first opened.  WE WILL DEFINITELY NOT BE BACK!
1	I went to the place for the first time with a friend. Hard to find. Had to go into a shop to get directions even though we had GPS. Once there it was empty... completely empty for a normal lunch hour. We are both hippie eaters, whole foody kind of girls. There was nothing on the menu we found interesting that we couldn't have made ourselves and while I was on the groupon/fine dining list, it still was outrageously expensive. We shared a salmon dish, tiny and bland with globs of sour cream and capers thrown on top.  The quinoa (that was extra) was so cold we found it hard to eat. The waitress was super nice, if a little over attentive (read: bored) and we could not decide what to eat since we have all those ingredients at home. It was $30 for a main course that was not even an appetizer in size when shared, and my friend had one coffee. We tipped 20% but while we are both into bringing organic food into the world more and more, we could not perceive how this place can continue to exist. I think that the cost of owning a place this nice: as it is a really super nice interior, really classy must be way beyond allowing this little business to survive.
1	Oh dear, what can the matter be?  EVERYTHING!!!  What a train wreck of an experience.  First, very difficult to find.  Unfortunately, we found it.  The place was empty at 7:30 while all other nearby Borgata restaurants were full.  That should have been a clue.  Had a Deal Chicken certificate so we had one appetizer, two entrees and two non-alcoholic beverages.  Appetizer was an overly toasted cardboard-like english muffin with some cream cheese, avocado and sundried tomato.  They said Bella! Bella! Bella.  I say, insipid.  Raspberry Lassi drink was good but strawberry spritzer was not.  Two glasses of warm water were delivered.  I asked about ice and waitress said she'd see if they had any.  Had any?  Really?  Salmon entree sounded good on menu but they were out.  Tilapia sounded good but they had no tilapia and were substituting sole which was very fishy smelling and tasting.  Supposed to be served with millet but they were out and substituted brown rice which looked like a very pale, pasty, tasteless grool.  Single fork wrapped in paper napkin.  No spoon, no knife, no salt/pepper on table. Sign on door written in crayon said that there might be some delays since four staff left suddenly.  Smart people.  They abandoned ship before the sinking.  Glad I used the Deal Chicken certificate now because if I waited much longer they will surely be deservedly dark.  Can't remember laughing so much and so hard over such a terrible dining experience.
1	I wish I could tell you how the food was. We were sat on a Sunday afternoon around two, and after twenty minutes of not seeing our waitress, we left.
2	We were the only ones in the restaurant at noon. When we left after 1 PM, two other tables of two were eating. Staff was friendly but not attentive. One girl was at a back table in the dinning room on a lab top, the other was polishing silverware. Our food was under seasoned and the plating was nil. Service was very slow especially for not having other patrons to serve. Our appetizer plates were left on the table until our main course was served.  Food took a long time to get to us. Water wasn't refilled either. We ordered the veggie burger the bun wasn't soft, way over toasted and no flavor in the burger.  The humus plate had a  four slices of cucumber rounds on it and a few packaged baby carrots.  We had to ask for salt and pepper and hot sauce to get some flavor out of it.  The quinoa salad served with burger was ice cold, and gummy. The super salmon salad was  some salmon spread on a flat muffin.  Again concept was good, but taste and plating was no where to be found.  What a shame.  Once our check came our server didn't come back to pick it up. Finally the young lady on the lap top came over and collected the bill. The chef in the back was a young man wearing earphone, really!  You can see into the kitchen.  There was a pile of dirty dishes on the ledge into the kitchen, not a pretty sight from the dinning room.  Must of been left over from the night before.  They have a good concept but no direction and it appears a great lack of concern for the business. They need to step it up.  It seems like with the lack of management, attentiveness and patrons it's not going to last long. Someone needs to care more about the food and service.  Location is nice and menu had some nice choices, but nothing was executed well. Tables outside were not set up for service and it was a lovely day, too bad. Again, where is the owner or manager?
1	First off this place is virtually impossible to find in the far back of the Borgata. A good friend gave my wife a gift certificate for our anniversary so we didn't know what to expect. We arrived at the restaurant and it was almost empty (one other table), located in a open air mall that was full of closed stores and empty buildings, not a good sign. We were greeted immediately and decided to sit outside since it was nice. There is a great view of a fountain out front, the birds were singing, grass was green so WOW, seemed really cool. The waitress was very friendly but took her time and was extremely slow and inattentive throughout the evening. I thought it was strange there was no salt & pepper on the table or silverware but I guessed they would bring it later, they didn't. We had to ask for salt & pepper because the food was tasteless. We also had to ask for silverware which was a plastic fork wrapped in a napkin, this is getting fancy! The food was all organic/healthy which is not our regular fare but we were willing to give it a try since we are adventurous eaters. Waiting to be surprised left us severely disappointed, there was nothing special about the meal the best thing was the bread which was very dense and store bought. The chef got confused (probably by the 3 other tables that arrived after us) so he prepared the wrong meal for my wife. We ended up waiting for the right food all the while asking to get our waters refilled. I work in a restaurant and if the kitchen screws up the front of the house has to fix it. We tried some tea drinks which were very good but I had a feeling again that was store bought. The waitress was very sweet and friendly but that didn't make up for everything else sucking hardcore. I won't go back not because it was organic or healthy but because the service was bad, slow, the food was rather boring, uninspired and waaaaaaaaay under seasoned. If you enjoy waiting a really, really long time for crappy food, ghost like service, feeling dehydrated from lack of water while over paying for it Fontana Di Amore is made for you. You've been warned this place will be closed on six months.
1	Food was overcooked and so bland!  A little garlic and cumin in the Hummus would have been nice!
4	So my wife and I were with our daughter and we were starving, looking for a healthy place to eat, and remembered about True Food.  We took the drive to the borgata and found out that True Food had been closed and replaced with Fontana Di Amore.What did we expect from the place...actually nothing.  We were just excited that they cooked with mai
