3	When it comes to food, basically an IHOP is an IHOP.  When you have a hankerin' for breakfast at 3 PM but you can't be arsed to mix up any pancake batter, you go to IHOP.  It's not the best stuff in the world, but it's cheap, fast, and when you're in the right mood it can be the perfect thing to sate you.Anything located on Boulder Highway is special though.  Boulder Highway is like a little land that time forgot.  The sweet sounds of Journey and Kansas can be heard floating through the air.  The wait staff at this particular IHOP all have one thing in common:  A distinct lack of urgency.  Or quickness.  Or...well, caring.  I don't know if if was our lack of mullet, but my friends and I spent 2 hours there yesterday.  At 3 PM.  It wasn't full.  Two full hours is far too long to be in an IHOP.  But hey, I got those pancakes I was longing for!
3	We received a coupon in the mail for a free meal with the purchase of another meal, so we decided to have breakfast this past Sunday morning at IHOP. Despite living near this IHOP for 2 years, I have never eaten here, mainly because there are other places nearby that I prefer for breakfast. IHOP is currently doing an all-you-can-eat pancake promo, my husband got that with eggs and hashbrowns. I decided to get the International Crepe Passport with strawberry banana crepes, this came with eggs, bacon and sausage. Our waiter was efficient and helpful. He made sure to bring out a pot of coffee so we wouldn't have to pester him for refills, as well as Tabasco and ketchup in case we needed it. Our food was good,  not great but good. The crepes were particularly tasty, I wish they did an all-you-can-eat crepe promo. I still prefer Omelet House down the street though. Unless we have a coupon, we probably won't be back for a while...
2	Why go here when you can go to Blueberry Hill instead?  Don't waste your time with IHOP when there are other reasonably priced alternatives!  That being said, this place is very average... quite lackluster with all the run-of-the-mill choices you have come to expect from every other IHOP out there.  The service is spotty, as well.
4	Good food at an awesome price!!! Need I say more?
3	Good for big loud parties without having the servers hushing you.  Food is ok but we come here because it's a great place to eat and chill with a big group after a long night.  Servers have always been nice and patient with us being loud and sometimes un-decisive.As one who is trying to keep my weight down, I order nothing but the spinach omelette which also comes with buttermilk pancakes and you can add your choice of toppings for an additional $1.49.I also tried their sirloin tips recently.....eh stay away from it, wasn't that good.
4	Um I don't know why this Ihop doesn't have higher ratings. When we went it was clean, the staff was friendly, and the food was great.I mean, there's not much difference in terms of the food quality, but I would say this one was up there for an Ihop. The waitress we had was also really nice and super fast with out order. It does seem a bit small but I didn't really check out the other side.There is also plenty of parking.
1	Middle of the night - only one other customer - the eggs and toast were cold upon arrival at the table - bacon was so hard I actually broke a tooth - emergency dental work today - restaurant employee response to broken tooth "sorry about that" - evidentally there was no manager on site - avoid at all costs!  many better options available in the area
1	I have no idea how I ended up at IHOP in Vegas it was a choice given to me the other option was Denny's. Bad food bad service. Stay away.
4	Food is good, hot.  Service is excellent.  I like the oldies music they play.  My favorite place to go for breakfast.
4	I recently discovered that IHOP mow serves Country Fried Steak and Egg for breakfast I have always loved that so..I thought I would give it a try.I requested a couple of special things...eggs scrambled well...toast instead of pancakes...and extra country gravy on the side...cause you know they never give you enough gravy. Anyway...the portion of the chicken fried steak was HUGE...and Very Good.  Eggs were cooked perfectly...and I got my toast instead of the dreaded and much disliked pancakes. All served with a smile...food was hot and just what I had been craving.  I am fortunate..I live close and will most definitely be going back for this great breakfast.  I also tried it as dinner one night when the steak is served with broccoli and mashed potatoes.  No complaints there either...steak was massive..cooked perfectly and I got my extra gravy with no problem...Can't say anything about the other dishes...but the Chicken Fried Steak for breakfast or dinner...hell yeah!
3	In the last 2 years, I have probably been to this specific IHOP about 10 times.  If you're ever in this exact area, you know how tough of a neighborhood this place can be.  But I find myself out here often and when it comes to finding a place to feed my belly, sometimes IHOP will just have to do. First of all, this place gets pretty busy on Fridays.  I think most of my visits here have all been on a Friday. Known for their pancakes, but they are just okay.  What I actually come here for is their Steak Omelet with hash browns extra crispy.  Not the healthiest breakfast/brunch, not the tastiest, but still enough to satisfy me until my next meal.  Service is spotty at best in my opinion.  They have someone that serves strictly drinks and another person for food. Nothing can be more frustrating than being hungry, wondering what their specials are, and the person that first serves you drinks telling you that they don't know.  My other issue is that their diet Pepsi machine is always down.  At least it has been down my last 3 visits.  Overall, I have to give it 3 stars.  Tough to give them any lower since I eat here so often.
3	i was craving breakfast food so decided to stop by here. the place clean, staff were friendly and it was steady. i ordered the chicken and waffle. it was good but not compared to other places that serves it. our waiter was so quick to give our check to us. she gave it to us right after she brought our food. I felt rush. so after you're done. You gotta take your check up to the front counter to pay.
3	Ok its off the beaten track as far as the strip is concerned. It's close to Sam's Town and a couple other casinos. The neighborhood is pretty abysmal and tragic but lots of different parts of Vegas are.I am a Vegas native that moved away as soon as I became 21 and never looked back. Other than to visit family friends and have the occasional bachelor party bender I avoid the place like the plague. BUT... U gotta eat sometimes right? IHOP. Dependable for breakfast. Service was adequate but considering the area, I was quite satisfied with this place.A couple things to note... Strong institutional coffee, only non-dairy creamer, there is buttermilk added to omlettes, great BOGO coupons are avail in the local coupon clippers (thanks mom).   If you need to grub then this IHOP can fufill that need. Not a great neighborhood but like another reviewer, this place does not necessarily reflect the sadness of the area.
2	I dislike this place but it's close to my house. The service is poor. It will be at least 5-8 mins before anyone comes to your table. Food is ok. Don't ask for extra ranch because you won't get it.
1	Out of state visitor and by far this is the worst IHOP I have been to. Took 10 minutes til I had to go get the waitress to just get our drinks ordered. Food was decent. The most horrible service ever waitress was rude and got things mixed up a lot. Adding that there was only 4 other parties in the entire restaurant. Just a bad experience.
3	For it's position and surrounding businesses, this place supprises me.There was no wait to be seated even though the venue was fairy busy, and within 5 minutes I had my drink and meal ordered.While waiting I noticed the venue was very clean aswell as up-to-date, not run down, you wouldn't think you were in a lower part of town!The food was alright, nothing I brag about, I got the original buttermilk pancakes, and they are what they are, presentation could f been improved, but the flavour and size was acceptable.If you're really wanting IHOP then I wouldn't turn it down, but maybe go to a local buffet like samstown if you want a better value
2	I gave this place a 2 star not because of the service or food but my experience at the end. The food was good and the service was great. We ordered ham & egg melt and an omelet with pancakes. When we arrived, to our surprise they offered unlimited refills on orange juice, wow. The Ihop in Clovis, NM where we were living didn't offer that at all, so I was impressed. Our food was good and delicious except for the hash browns, they can out over cooked. When it was time to pay is when this turned bad. We paid half the bills with gift card and the rest was going to be on a credit card. She took the remaining balance from the gift card but it still charged my card for the entire amount. The manager came out and said that the charge should drop and that all banks do that. Umm no you fucked up and over charged my card and you are blaming the band for it. So now I have to wait and see if I get refunded the difference. Such a hassle!!!!!!!!
1	The overall experience at this restaurant was appalling and needs improvement.  The server was friendly to our table, but when another party of three entered the restaurant, they left over a dispute of the use of a cell phone.  I ordered a Bacon Temptation Omelet and the person I was with ordered the Hearty Ham and Cheese Omelet.  The food which came to our table looked nothing like was featured in the menu.  The Bacon Temptation Omelet barely had one strip of bacon in it and the hashbrowns did not look appetizing.  The Hearty Ham and Cheese Omelet looked to have four pieces of ham, a mushroom, burnt on the bottom and was sitting in a pool of grease.  We notified our server and in turn she notified the manager which offered to remake the omelets.  I politely declined and offered to pay for the omelets which she politely refused.  As they say, it only takes one time to make a first impression.  Overall I am severely disappointed in our overall experience and will think again about visiting this location or any other IHOP.
3	PLACE - The place was okay, I knew this place for a long time and I can say that they don't do any physical improvements or whatsoever. The decors are okay, nothing new about it.SERVICE - Would totally recommend the service on a fast food restaurant that theirs. They lack the manners and the confidence to have a conversation with the customers. Would totally discourage that to the other employees of IHOP.FOOD - Food was good. At least they had this one thing that could make you went back to their place.
5	Server was great (freindly and very attentive), seated right away, got drinks fast, food fast and as ordered.
5	Back in the early 1980's, I had a wonderful and tasty breakfast at this IHOP. The pancakes and scrambled eggs tasted pretty good after spending most of the night traveling thru the Mohave Desert from Bakersfield, California. Place was clean and the staff was friendly. :)tra
4	Experience:  This is my Grandfather's favorite IHOP.  He eats at this spot at least 3-4 times a week. So, once in a while, when I can get up early enough, I like to join him. Service:  Now, let's talk about why this is his favorite spot...that would be one particular waitress named Bianca. She knows my Grandfather by name and treats him like gold. She is half his age, but he would marry her, if she could. She is very friendly and helpful by nature, so make sure you ask for her!Food:  what can I say....it's IHOP.  I like the food here, and every time I have eaten here, the food has been hot and fresh. I ordered the smoked sausage breakfast with over easy eggs and sourdough toast. I always ordered some roasted Serrano peppers on the side too. They are not for the faint at heart, but I love them!Facility:  It's an IHOP.  LOL! But this one is nice and clean. Overall review:  I would probably give an IHOP a 3 star rating, but I'm giving an extra star because of Bianca.
4	Much improved since the last time!  Great job!  Everything cooked correctly staff very pleasant and helpful.  Even though busy Sunday morning, they move you to a table pretty quickly.
