5	The best chain sub shop I  have been to!!  Fresh soft bread with lots of thin freshly shaved meat and cheese with fresh veg and great seasonongs.  Freindly workers and good sweet tea.  Wish there would migrate to the Nothwest!
4	I recently visited this Jersey Mike's location when I was in Charlotte on a business trip.  It is located across the parking lot from the Hyatt Place where I was staying.  This store had recently opened and was very clean and well kept. This was my first experience with a Jersey Mike's.  I was very impressed.  It reminds me a lot of Quizno's.  The staff was very helpful and friendly.  The food was prepared quickly and it tasted great.  If I ever stay in this area again, I'm sure I'll stop in for a bite.
5	Proof that  a chain can be good.  What do you get when the sub shop prepares the beef in store and then GRILLS the steak?  The best steak sandwich you'll get in Charlotte.  Hey Subway - get rid of the microwaves.  Other places get rid of the steamer.  This is how subs should be made.  Also, the deli meats and cheeses are sliced fresh when you order.  The sandwiches are great, albeit a little smaller than Subway and sometimes a little pricier.  You get what you pay for!
5	Nice job Jersey  Mike's.! Always a good sandwich with friendly service.
4	This really is the best sub in Charlotte. Fresh bread and plentiful deli meat sliced before your eyes. They have incredibly friendly staff and even cherry pepsi (I'm a sucker for it!) Plus, they do a lot for Breast Cancer Research -and I love a company that gives back. The only subs that beat it in my opinion are DiBella's in Buffalo - just because they have an everything (like the bagel) roll. Yes, you read the correctly....mmm. That aside, order a club Mikes Way and hit the gym after- you will not be disappointed! As an fyi they also sell TastyKakes for those from the Jersey region. Also, join their e-club you really do get some great deals.
4	I was so glad when this Jersey Mike's location opened awhile back and apparently everyone else in this business park was as well.   The line is consistently long but the wait is never a problem.  They have plenty of friendly staff ready to serve up a great sandwich and get you on your way.  I like that the meat and cheese are sliced when you order and not ahead of time so it's always fresh.  The meat is also piled high and the toppings are consistently fresh!  Great place for a quick lunch and back to work.  Also, I have been known to stop in on the way home too cause they are open later as well.  Happy eating!
5	Caesar wrap is amazing!
5	I was reluctant to try Jersey Mike's for so long, ignoring the advice of my co-workers, thinking that I had a "superior NY sandwich palate." Subway and other chain delis fed my thoughts that I would never ever ever enjoy any sandwich coming from a chain deli restaurant. Welp... I couldn't have been more wrong. I'm literally addicted to Jersey Mike's. #9 Club Supreme Mike's way + pickles and mayo is the way to go. The bread is baked nice every time - crispy yet doughy on the inside. Plus the call ahead is fantastic and really quick. All meats and toppings are super fresh and piled high. I'm never hungry after having a regular size sub.So quick story... I work very close to this location and I happened to be working the day after July 4th, Friday 7/5. I placed an order online at 4pm (really late lunch) not realizing they closed at 3pm that particular day because of the holiday. So my debit card was charged, but no sandwich. I called up next day and they were really sorry for the situation and gave me a refund right away over the phone. I spoke to the manager again the next time in and he gave me a free sub no questions asked! Ironically, the manager was named Mike... major kudos to you! Couldn't ask for better service recovery there! I'm one happy loyal customer!
4	Love the Sub in a Tub! Efficient and courteous staff. Clean restaurant and fresh meats and veggies. The music is a little loud when trying to carry on a conversation with someone across the table (great station, though). Love coming here several times a week.
4	A sub shop where they slice the meat right onto the roll as it's being prepared. Short of going to the actual butcher, does it get fresher than that? Service was not speedy, but only because there were already three people in queue when we arrived.Tip: The "giant" is giant. Only if you're really hungry or splitting it with someone!
5	Chipotle Philly is superb, club supreme is great, Italian is very good. Make sure to arrive closer to 11:30 if you plan on walking in, at 11:45-ish the place is packed, although service is quick and efficient. Definitely recommend over the local hotel restaurants.
4	I was in town on business and staying at the nearby  Hyatt  when I found this place on YELP.  Got there at noon and the place was PACKED but the line moved quickly and everyone was courteous and downright pleasant. Got the roast beef and provolone on wheat - custom toppings to my likings and it was delish!  Real roast beef sliced in the spot ! Yelp reviews did not disappoint ! My only suggestion would be to add a multigrain or oat bread option - but otherwise super good, inexpensive and quick. What a gold mine !
