5	Whatever you think about Pottery Barn, you have to admit, they have the darned cutest stuff for kids. Toddlers, little girls, little boys, big kids, 'tweens, and teenagers -- all could find the ultimate room-of-their-dreams here (And I know, 'cuz I've got one of each of them).Not that I could actually AFFORD anything here...But it's fun to go in and dream.
5	Love the stuff- wish it wasn't so darn expensive.They also have a storytime for the kids.  I think that is neat.
4	On the hunt for some shelving for the Baby M's nursery, we made the trip out to Chandler yesterday to check out this Pottery Barn Kids.  As the other reviews say, this place is super-cute albeit very pricey.  They have a decent selection although we're going for bright white and their "white" is more creme / antique off white, so that is not going to work for us.  The service was not the friendliest either, but I'm going to take into consideration that we were there on a Saturday afternoon and they were jam packed. Before I schlep out to Chandler to this PBK store in the future, I'll likely do my research online on their website.  But if price isn't an issue and you're looking for super cute kids' furniture and decor items, you can't go wrong at PBK!
3	Ok so first I will say that I'm not the type to buy baby stuff at places like this.  That being said... it's a great place to pick-up unique little gifts... which is what I did when I was there.  Don't get me wrong, their stuff is great but, they ask for 1 item what I'll spend on a year's worth of stuff when I buy it pre-loved from other mothers or from Ikea.  To each their own.   :)Might see ya there.
5	This store is amazing! I had such amazing assistance from a worker at this location. Cheryl spent time helping me plan my new baby's entire room without being pushy. All of the staff at this location was smiling. What great customer service. Go shop here!
5	When we bought your furniture 3 years ago, I wasn't an avid Yelper yet.  Now that I am, and I recently had a lovely experience here, I thought I should give you guys some kudos.We came into your store today looking for a replacement knob for my toddler's drawer.  It accidentally came off during transit.  The sales associate - who seemed like she had a very long day - was cordial and went looking for one.  A few minutes later it seemed like there was no luck but she ended up finding one.  I didn't have to get an entire set replacement - yay!  Seemed like she went above and beyond what she needed to do and I am very thankful.  She could've easily said no and brushed us off but instead helped us out.  Thank you Pottery Barn Kids!  You have a customer for life!  ... Well, until my kiddo grows up.
1	Since Pottery Barn Kids sells quality items, I wish I could recommend this store but I must warn you to stay away from it. Our experience there has been a nightmare.   I ordered furniture from this store in the Chandler Mall to be delivered to my home. A month later, when the items were due, nothing showed up. A month after that, after spending hours and hours on the phone with different customer service agents, I decided to cancel the order since I had nothing to show for it. Next thing I know my credit card is charged for the entire order... AFTER I cancelled it. A week later, no one from Pottery Barn Kids could remove the charge and I had to dispute it at my credit card company. Something I never imagined having to do, especially from a reputable brick and mortar store like Pottery Barn Kids.  Previously, I had ordered all other baby furniture items through potterybarnkids.com online and had no problems.tl;dr: They didn't give me merchandise I purchased and I had to dispute charge at bank.
