2	good selection but expensive. some of the employees are not particularly friendly or warm (i.e. the owner/manager). i don't particularly enjoy coming here but sometimes it's practical.
2	Not the friendliest staff I've ever met. If you don't say hi and smile they kind of scowl at you (I'm sure they don't meant to!).Expensive but good selection.
4	I think the staff here is actually very friendly. They always have the things I'm looking for and when I have trouble finding items the staff has always been very helpful. It is on the expensive side, but most health food stores are.
4	I have only recently started going back to A Votre Sante. I used to go there a lot back a decade or so ago when my office was at the Queen Elizabeth. Since then, I had only been in this store a handful of times, usually for something specific, like Bio-K when I had a tummy issue!However, I have been taking some steps to make better food choices, simple upgrades to the things I already do. A Votre Sante has a good selection of "normal" foods that are organic and healthier than those I find in the grocery chains.To be honest, I don't buy much through A Votre Sante, I buy the Harmony Organic Milk (it comes in a glass bottle, which you return for the deposit), the Sweet Dreams coconut milk (works like soy, but I like it quite a bit more) and bread (they have a nice selection, all the way at the back of the store).The store is larger than it appears with a fairly large selection of loose teas, a diverse health supplement section, and my favorite cleaning products by Mrs. Meyers. I have found the staff to be friendly, but I talk to everyone and ask a billion questions, so that could be just because I am hyper-nervous-smiley person and they don't know how else to handle me.
2	i'm usually a much sweeter kind of gal but this place is run by people who are dumb as rocks.2 young gals who fall into the uber granola category but without any knowledge of nutrition.  i get the low pay grade but at least feed me some bs when i ask a question or look it up.there were 3 kinds of manuka honey - 2 of which i was familiar with and one i was not sure of their grading system - ie. what is "silver" = ? amber such and such?convenient since they are close by but my next purchase will be from amazon - at least i can read up on the reviews there and it is cheaper.
1	Been at this store before, but today called to check for a product availability and was met with very rude staff. I was put on hold for about 10 minutes and when I finally decided to hung up and call back I spoke to another girl that was pretty rude as well. Need a product from there so will go for convenience but won't visit again.
