5	My boyfriend and I are very english and live downtown so one night we decided to venture out of our comfort zone and find a new spot to eat and maybe have a drink on the Plateau. We were starving and searching for a place we wanted to eat at and opened the door to Bar Inc. The minute we opened the door the bartender (Guillaume) shouted the most welcoming greeting to us as if we were old friends- I HAD TO sit down and buy a drink and at least a shot for him. They serve nachos there, but no real food, but even then we didnt mind. I just had to show this guy how much I appreciated such a welcome! And it wasnt just us- anyone that walked through the door got greeted this way. Amazing! We have been back since, always when Guillaume is working (we exchanged numbesr with him so we could even make sure he's there before hand!). The other servers have helped us alot too and all are just as great. The drink specials are amazing ($2.50 shots of Jameson on Mondays, doubles for $5.50 on tuesdays are the only ones I remember right now) and the ambiance is so cool in there. Customers, staff, drinks- this place has it all. (I'm a bartender as well and I even made sure we had our staff party there!) Love this place, HIGHLY reccommended! In fact, I'm going back tonight!
3	This isn't my favorite bar on the strip, but it's good enough. I like the cozy feel and the large garage doors that open up to the outside world.
2	The bartender was trying way too hard to be cute ("what beers do you have on tap?", "I am the beer list", "IPA?", "No...", "lager?", "No...", and on and on). Thanks!The space itself was very cool and modern--wood, garage doors, etc. This is the kind of place I really wanted to like, but it just didn't happen. Overpriced whiskey. For some reason they found it necessary to include a plastic stirrer with my drink (egad). The music was abject shit. This bar is clearly geared towards 18-21 year olds.
2	Wasn't feeling it. The space was nice enough but staff had overly inflated egos which made for an awkward experience. Couldn't get a straight answer about beers that were offered. When questioned, the bartender (seriously) said, "um noooo we have red, white, yellow." Whiskey was served in extremely minute portions.
4	An unpretentious neighborhood bar, a friendly crowd, and decent mojitos; what is there not to like? I came here with my mother for pre-dinner drinks and she seems to agree as well.
4	Good music, hipster crowd but fun. Spent part of 3-4 nights there in a row. It's a great dive bar and has a cute little patio and outdoor standing area. It's nothing too special but it's one of those places where you feel at home, you do your thing, they do their thing. Fun early 30s crowd.
4	This place can turn into the French Canadian version of Coyote Ugly, sometimes. The staff are all really friendly and charismatic, the crowd is down to earth, and the prices are very reasonable.And their Sunday nights are probably one of the Plateau's best kept secrets.
