5	Ill admit it...I was a little scared for this one to my surprise I loved the class! I started out with the Mixx Lite class which is tailored to beginners, Shandi, the owner and instructor has modifications for beginners the entire class and the workout rocks! I am probably the most uncoordinated people alive so group fitness inst usually my first choice, besides yoga of course, but I really think this class is just what my body needs to  stay in tip top shape over the holidays and to add some definition to my arms and abs! I would recommend this class to anyone looking to get fit or stay fit for the Holidays and beyond!
5	I have always been active. I have been taking dance lessons since I was very young and I have trained myself to be active and go to the gym at least 4 times a week to stay in shape. I love yoga and pliates but have never had such an amazing workout as the ones I get at Studiomixx!Shandi, is the owner and instructor of the studio. She is great at what she does, is motivating and always gives options from beginner to advance so that anyone, no matter what level can get a great workout.I also love that I never get bored because Shandi constantly changes up the workouts top keep your body from getting in a 'routine rut'. Don't be afraid there is something for everyone; a class dedicated to cardio, one called 'extreme barr; a mixx lite class for beginners and everything in between. Trust me, you will see results because this workout is awesome!!
5	If you're looking for a different workout, this is the place to go!  StudioMixx will definitely get your heart beating.  The classes are amazing and it feels like I'm working every muscle in my body!  The yoga/pilates/bar work combos make this workout very tough but you will see and feel the results.  Shandi, the owner/instructor is a great motivator throughout the workouts.  This studio is in the heart of Old Town and is a must try for anyone looking to change up their workout routine!!!
5	Typically if I leave a place dripping in sweat, and feeling like I got punched in the stomach, I would give it a 1 star rating... but not this time!  Whoa baby, Studiomixx is kicking my butt, and I keep coming back for more! It's hard to describe what makes it such a challenging workout because I can do all the exercises individually and survive no problem.  It's the combination and sequencing of exercises that are unbearable.  I have been going to fitness classes my whole life and consider myself a very fit person, but I have yet (after 6 classes) been able to go through the entire class without taking a quick break. That gives me something to work towards and validates that I am truly challenging my body and getting a great workout.  The best way to describe these classes is Pilates "on crack".  You get an entire body workout, including cardio, core, strength and flexibility training in an hour.  If you didn't think it could get any better, it can.  The studio is in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale, it is very clean, and all the equipment is provided for you.  The pricing is a little steep, so unless you're a true "baller" it may be challenging to swing the unlimited monthly fee, but there are several package options available, allowing you to take classes individually at a fairly reasonable rate, which can help distribute the cost.  So, if you're looking to switch up your routine, burn some calories and tone up muscles you didn't know you had... this is the studio for you!
5	I can't say enough about Studio Mixx, It is truly an amazing workout experience. I had always been interested in doing pilates and yoga but since I feel like I need to do cardio, I never signed up for a yoga/pilates class.So when I was about to startup running again after not running for 3-4 months and gaining 20-25 pounds, my hairstylist gave me a free weeks pass to Studio Mixx where she works out, and since she said it is pilates, Yoga, AND cardio I had to try it out since I know the benefits of yoga/pilates.5 stars all the way. The 4 different classes all challenge you immensely and Shandi the owner knows exactly what she is doing and how to change things up in all the classes to keep your muscles guessing, and the cardio is intense as well. Being able to incorporate Yoga and pilates with cardio in a one hour class has been so rewarding for me and am so happy I can work so much of my body in such a short time period. I used to run 3-5 miles 5-6 days a week when I was in shape before, and I still make it out for runs like once a week and after running for 30-60 mins I barely break a sweat and feel pretty unsatisfied now that I am a regular at Studio Mixx. And running for 30-60 mins is pretty intense in its own right.There are a lot of regulars, but there are also a lot of people who come to try it out and never see again because it is a tough workout. Once you make it through the first week or two, you will become addicted to coming and won't seem quite as tough, but it still will be. And you will see great results, guaranteed.
5	I started this class about 2 weeks ago and I absolutely love it! Its a killer workout and its completely different from any other type of workout I have ever done! Just to give you a little idea of my fitness level; about 5 months ago I dedicated myself to working out consistently and give it my all. I am thin and I just wanted to tone up and get that lean look so I joined a a fitness boot camp that I was apart of for about 2 months going 4 to 5 days a week. I then joined another bootcamp which wasn't as challenging that I did 3 times a week. I was not impressed with the last bootcamp and decided to start looking for something else and then waalaa! I found StudioMixx. I thought I was in pretty good shape and I must say I didn't think StudioMixx would live up to the 1st bootcamp I went to, boy was I wrong... Its is a unique and extremely challenging workout and its fun! Its ballet, yoga, pilates, aerobics, calisthenics, and light weight lifing all put together. Everyone that works out here has fantastic bodies and that is all the proof I need to know that the StudioMixx system works! I will never go anywhere else again its completely worth the price!
5	Awesome classes! I love how cardio is added into most classes. Will be back for more! Try them out!
5	Was in town for business and did both the "Mixx" and "Circuit" classes- fantastic. The instructor is high energy, movements are fun and functional, space is gorgeous. Wish I lived here so I could attend all of the time...will definitely see you next time work brings me to Scottsdale!
5	So many good things to say about this place!! The classes are high energy and the instructors are not only talented at what they do but very motivating! It's been pretty boring going to the gym since I started working out here and I'm planning to discontinue my gym membership. The only negative is that the studio is about 15 miles from my house but it is definitely worth the drive! It's unfortunate that the only bad review on yelp has been from someone who hasn't even tried the classes yet. The whole theme of Studiomixx is to "get out of your comfort zone" and I'm glad I did because I'm in the best shape of my life. I never thought I could push myself this hard and stay this dedicated to exercising. I recommend this to everyone! And make sure you actually try the class before you decide it's not for you because I'm betting you will fall in love with the work outs like the rest of the girls that go!
5	Love these classes.  There is nothing like them.  Be prepared for a hard workout lol.
5	I tried two classes at StudioMixx this week on my quest for finding a new gym in Scottsdale. I think my search has commenced. I went to the Mixx Lite class first as it was suggested for newbies. For only being 45 minutes, I was covered in sweat by the end of class & completely exhausted. It's a mixture of everything - jumping jacks with weights, burpies, barre work, abs, etc. Brooke was a great instructor & made it easy to keep up.Next up - Xtreme Barre. After being less than enthusiastic about other studios, I wanted to take this class to see how it compared. It was the toughest barre class I've taken so far - every problem zone was targeted & by the end I already felt sore. Both Shandi & fellow members are very kind and welcoming. If you can't lift your leg high it won't be held against you as long as you're doing your best! Plenty of class options throughout the week to try so you don't get stuck in a rut - even though I don't think it's even possible here. If you're looking for a workout unlike anything else you've tried, go to StudioMixx!
5	Third class here this morning. Second time doing Xtreme Barre. Let's just say this. I don't think I'm going to be able to walk for a week. I'm not by any means a super fit person. I maybe work out once a week. Maybe. I work out my liver a whole lot more....I decided to go straight for the jugular the first time I came here and started with Xtreme Barre. I died a little, but in a good way. I did Ballet Boxing a few months later, died a little then too. Both of those classes were with Brooke. Today I think I had Shandi as the instructor for Xtreme Barre. Both of them are great. They help and they're motivating - not like some other gyms/classes where you want to slap the instructor. Everyone there is super in shape and it's obvious these classes are working for them. I've never done Barre classes elsewhere but I can imagine that these are the hardest. I feel like almost throwing up, but at the same time, I don't feel like an outcast. Everyone is just there to get their work out in and feel great afterwards. It's a great small studio and all the equipment is there for you. Hopefully, I can start going more regularly and build my muscles because I'm pretty sure I'm really weak right now.
3	I bought a living social coupon that allowed me to attend 5 classes. I went to the studio lite one so far and it was very intense. I wish that there was an even "lighter" class to take. But I will give it another try.
5	Best workout ever!!
5	Great instructors and an amazing workout everytime. I hate to tell people I work out here because I don't want the classes to get super busy! Would recommend this studio 100%!!
5	Came here for the first time the other day and had a great workout!Since it was my first time I was looking on their website (and here) for some tips for first timers. I didn't find any (could be in older posts, didn't look THAT far back) so, after experiencing this studio, I figured I'd help other weary first-timers. Here we go:1. Don't be afraid! I am in shape, I work out every day but after reading all the posts prior to mine I started to feel iffy. What if it was so incredibly intense that I died?! No worries! Yes it is VERY intense but doable. You will not be the only one feeling tired at one point or another and lying down, trying a different variation of a pose or anything else that makes you feel good is no problem whatsoever.2. Bring a water bottle. You're going to want to hydrate throughout the class and, like any other workout, this is an important aspect. I know I know, you weren't under the impression that you shouldn't bring water, just want to state it so you don't tell me I didn't! ;)3. Bring a small towel. You're not going to sweat your life away (this is not a heated room) but you will sweat. Use it or don't, just bring it...just in case...who knows!4. No shoes! I wasn't sure what to expect regarding this. I successfully confused myself on the subject. Initially I knew that shoes were not needed and then the day of I kept thinking that I may need them. They're website states when shoes are needed; for all the rest of the classes you get to free those toes!5. Come wearing comfortable clothing. You will be jumping and twisting and sometimes in downward dog. Come with something you don't need to constantly fix.6. You can bring your own mat if you want but you don't have to. They have mats there for the classes (no fee) and they are cleaned at the end of each class. 7. Be prepared to work! After all was said and done I had a good time, worked every inch of my body and felt it. If you can't make the Mixx-lite class (me either...Mondays don't work well for me) don't fear going to the regular class, just do what YOU can!
5	This is one hell of a work-out. Non-intimidating environment. I am out of shape and first two classes kicked my ass, in a good way. Can't wait to go back.
4	Let's get one thing straight... to give 4 stars does not necessarily mean "I'm a fan", but I believe this is a good place to get your fitness on.  These workouts are intense and will kick your butt.  You don't need shoes for most classes. The cardio class does require shoes for the first half (you will jump rope... it took me a second to remember how to do that!)  The classes are cardio the first half and then focused muscle groups the second, with stretching at the end.  Your heart rate will be up in the fat-burning zone and you will be sweating.  They work you to complete muscle fatigue, so plan to take yourself to the edge... and then some.  After my first Xtreme Barre class, my legs were literally buzzing for about a half hour.  If you're looking for a challenge and want to fire up muscles you've likely been ignoring, you should give these gals a try.  You will probably wish evil things upon your instructor during class, but once you finish, you'll feel good about what you've done.  Take water, a towel and a mat if you have one.  Otherwise, everything else is provided.
4	I've been coming here for the past couple of months - two thumbs up, supoprted by my glowing biceps and toned shoulders. Ok maybe I'm not THAT buff, but it's undeniable that I've seen physical change and improvement in my muscle tone. This workout is intense, challenging and completely addicting if you like to push yourself and don't mind dripping sweat for 60 minutes. Classes are pretty packed, but I don't mind. The music is loud and the pace is energetic.I've been a yogi for 10 years and am an instructor, so I like the studio atmosphere, but I will echo the feedback from others that instructors won't go out of their way to make you feel welcome if they don't know you or provide personal attention. They are all very nice, but I've never been individually welcomed or made to feel like I'm part of their community. These are things I like from a yoga studio, so maybe it's a barre thing? Not sure, but ultimately I'm on my own journey to a buff bod and I don't need a lot of fluff along the way. I just need someone to yell at me and push me while looking effortless at performing the exercises that I'm pretty sure are going to kill me. When class is over, there is definitely a sense of accomplishment. Sometimes it doesn't sink In until 3 days later though when my muscles have recovered and can support the weight of my body again. Feels good!
5	I thought I was buff til I came here.. and I realized I'm weak.. you can hear me grunting and crying but I love it when it's over. It really is a good workout that targets muscles that i never even knew i had. The instructors are amazing (esp. Jamie) and I recommend this place to everyone!!
5	Yes - it's an amazing workout. Especially cardio and core. After each minute circuit we sprinted around the building. 20 circuits, 20 sprints. And ended with 30 minutes of deep core focused, yoga inspired workouts; downward dog to stretch it out, side planks including weights, warrior A and lifting, those type of things.
5	Best workout in the valley. I have been coming here for 2 years and this is the only studio that can consistently change my body for the better. I played college basketball which bulked me up so I am always looking for workouts that keep me toned and lean.  The first day I walked into the class I was amazed at how good everyone looked. I hate when you go to classes and the instructor's body isn't that great. Shandi looks insane. She is an inspiration teaching because you want to aspire to be as fit as she is. I move and travel all over the country and I have yet to find a workout that even compares to StudioMixx's tone and cardio focus. The workouts are tough, but so worth it. Compliments from my husband are a plus too. :)
5	One of the best workouts in Scottsdale! Love the instructors- especially the owner Shandi. She really keeps the classes moving and definitely knows how to work and tone all of the muscle groups without the bulk.  These classes are high intensity!  If you enjoy barre style classes but wish to incorporate cardio and strength to your workout this is for you.
