4	Note to all Conference center visitors, this is the first place you should head for a cheap breakfast. Avoid the canteen!Scooby's know's exactly what it is and isn't ashamed of it. Good proper honest (that means ugly) food. I got porridge from here once, which they made it fresh right in front of me and didn't burn.Yes, you can burn porridge!
4	If you are in this area and looking for a place to grab some lunch this is a good place to go.  This is purely and simply a place where you can get a good lunch that will fill you up without much expense on your part.  Go elsewhere and you'll get a small pie and a cookie and you'll have spent all your money without actually making any impact on your hunger.Most of the takeaways or cafes in this immediate area don't offer good value for money, but this place is the exception.  Most of the people I've spoken to who regularly come here are very complimentary and I don't think I've ever heard a bad word about it.
4	A main stay of the neighbouring Widows workers. Also a respite for the nearby Conference attendees from cafeteria food. Scooby's offers a hungry Edinburgh day worker all of the sustenance that they require. An array of very good morning rolls and porridge in the morning. Lunch times offerings include fresh made sandwiches on the bread of your choice. A large variety of soups are also on offer. Considering what you can pay for lunch in this town - especially in the nearby boutique eateries - Scooby's is pretty reasonable.
4	This was my first visit for a takeaway lunch and I wasn't disappointed.  Really fresh rolls and a good selection of bread types too.  Not too expensive, especially given the costs of other local places. I work nearby and I can see me coming back here again.  I had cheese and coleslaw on a ciabatta bread roll and it was tasty.  I saw humous and salad but ideally I would like to see more options for vegetarian fillings other than the typical cheese or egg. The decor is clean but slightly tired. good location for the conference centre and local offices.
4	There is a real local buzz about this place, have been in for lunch a few times now and the owner is genuinely greets every single customer in an interested way. He knew a folks names too and was chit chatting away.  Also was doing a count down to Christmas chat to apparently all customers in the shop at the same time, it was nice to see anyway. Good choice of fresh ingredients, not bad prices too
