4	Friendly staff, accurate on orders, prices affordable, food arrives hot and tasty, they have soda and cheesecake on delivery, what's not to like??
4	Here's the best value on the menu as far as I'm concerned: Egg Foo Young, any kind. You get not one, not two, but three HUGE onion and sprout packed egg foo young patties, the size and thickness of a homemade hamburger, along with enough veggies and your choice of meat to make a whole second meal, all in a delicious brown sauce. Two gourmet chinese dinners for a paltry 7 or 8 dollars!
5	WOW!!! What a find!!!! This place is awesome... We were at bookmans and craving chinese food. There are like 15 places and not sure what took us to this little tiny 4 table place on the dark corner of a shopping center but we have been back there about 6 times. The hot and sour soup is the best Ive ever had hands down. The house lomein is loaded with chicken, shrimp and pork. We always try something different everytime to see what is best. The only thing I didnt like were the steamed dumplings. Not the dumpling itself, they seemed very fresh and nicely done but the dipping sauce was alittle bland and no duck sauce here. VERY friendly people for sure and very reasonable. Not alot of eat ins but we are 15 miles away so we are staying. Countless pick-ups and deliveries while we were there. As bad as some of the places weve been to lately this one is a gem! Worth the ride in my opinion! Plenty to take with you too!
4	While visiting Phoenix and sick of the chain restaurant options surrounding my hotel at the MetroCenter, a quick search on Yelp uncovered Mr. Wong. Unfortunately, I could not locate a menu online so I just called and had a quick chat with the woman who answered the phone. I initially asked for Szechuan chicken but was told they did not offer it, but followed quickly with other options to consider. Since I needed to hit the $15 minimum for delivery I ordered more than I needed. I started with hot and sour soup that ended up being quite hardy and included shrimp. My main dish was hot and spicy chicken which came with solid heat and flavor. To put me over the minimum I also ordered crab puffs since the woman on the phone recommended them. I'm typically not a fan of anything puffed, but these were not overwhelmingly fried. My food arrived in under 30 minutes and there was no additional delivery charge. For just randomly picking a restaurant of Yelp with few reviews, I was pleasantly surprised by what I received. I dug it and would order again if I'm ever back in the area.P.S. I believe the woman who took my order also delivered my food...a nice touch!
3	I had hoped for more. I ordered orange chicken with rice, egg roll, and won-tons. The won-tons were fried too much. The egg roll was good, the rice was old and dry and the orange chicken was OK. They use white meat chunks lightly battered and fried with a nice flavored orange sauce. I will try them again and hope it is better.
2	I've worked 2 seconds from this place for 3 years but have been too scared to try it.  Not only is this a pretty sketchy area, but this place looks even sketchier.  It is a very small place in a shady strip mall.  There are maybe 3 tables in the joint, some pictures of their food on the wall and a glass counter where they sell a bunch of random Asian bric-a-brac which is also where they take your order.Luckily I called ahead to order or it would have been a while to get food.  There is only one cook so things may take a while if there are more than 2 people ordering.  Anyway, the cashier/order taker lady was very nice on the phone and in person.  She was also running around like a chicken with its head cut off trying to get orders ready.This place was recommended by my coworkers but because I didn't have a menu, all I had to go on were the reviews on Yelp to use as a guide on what to order.* Orange Chicken - came with fried rice and an egg roll.  The egg roll was pretty good but the fried rice was nasty.  It tasted stale and had a weird flavor.  The orange chicken was just ok.  I like it that they used big chunks of white meat chicken and the orange sauce a mild spice to it.  I wouldn't order the meal again though.  I could tell the ingredients weren't quality and everything was fried and overly greasy.* Hot and Sour soup - This took about 30 minutes for this to cool down to "won't-scar-my-mouth-forever" temperature.  The soup was full of great ingredients including nice-sized shrimp and meat.  It looked excellent but the flavor just wasn't there.  The broth tasted sweet and was just weird.I don't like to give sub-par reviews but I don't think I will be back here any time soon.
5	Excellent food - the only really good Chinese food that delivers on this side of town.  They just reopened after some remodeling and I am ecstatic.  Their Hot and Sour soup is the best in town.
5	So my husband and I live close to this place and we try to try the hole in the wall places. We drove by here a couple of times and noticed that it was always busy. I am not normally a fan of Chinese food, but this place is Fantastic! I especially love their garlic chicken. The rice is usually pretty good. The chicken and broccoli is also really good!!!
5	In terms of value Chinese food, this place is top notch.  I've not had a bad experience yet.
5	This place is my favorite Chinese food. I ordered one night after finding them on a delivery website and was immediately hooked. They have THE BEST teriyaki chicken in town. I've eaten at the teriyaki places like Kyoto bowl and Japan express and this place surpasses all. The portion size is HUGE and it's cheaper than most. The hot and sour soup is incredible as well. You Wont find better in the state I assure you.
4	I'm not gonna lie - I was a bit scared to try this place.  It is the true definition of "hole in the wall", built into the back corner of a CircleK. But it occurred to me that it had been in this location quite awhile (the cashier (owner, I assume)) told me they'd been there for 8 years!) so I thought I'd give it a try.At less than $6, I didn't have high expectations of the broccoli chicken.  What a pleasant surprise to find it made fresh with all white meat chicken and crisp broccoli and carrots.  It was served with a hearty scoop of plain fried rice as well as a crab puff and egg roll.  I'm a pretty light eater, and this portion left me enough for a small snack tomorrow too.There is certainly nothing notable about the "curb appeal" of this place, but it appeared clean enough and the food was cheap and tasty.Yep, I'll go back!  So close to home.  Only sorry that I waited so long!
5	The best Chinese delivery in the area!!! You know you'll get high quality food every time and they must regularly change their oil because their fried items never come out bad. They have some of the best egg drop soup we've ever had. Their Mongolian beef is fantastic and we order it every time. Yummy crab puffs, fried wontons and egg rolls too. Love their house chicken I just wish it was made with white meat instead if dark meat and I might ask if they can swap it out next time. I have had good luck with special orders from them (like changing the house special fried rice to our specifications). Seriously, give them a try!!!
5	Ok. So, I ordered from Mr. Wong's Chinese Food about 5 minutes ago; delivery style. I've had a strange relationship with this greasy spoon the few months I've hit them up for eats. Some days the food is insanely good and really cheap. Today was one of those days. Love Wong's. They go above and beyond with there delivery service. The sweet little old lady that served me, took 20 mins out of her day to find my apartment. I was running around looking for her, and she was doing the same for me.She could have left. :) I tipped her well for being so sweet. Made my day.I got 2 lunch specials. Pepper steak and Shrimp/Veggies Combo.Delicious. And I have to put in my 2 cents for the egg rolls. Best I ever had. I always want more after I finished a little baggie of them. All in all; I love this place and even if they have off days, if I'm over by Metro and want cheap eats, this is the place to be.
5	The place may be small but the food and the service is second to none. The teriyaki chicken is the best in town. Appetizers are so good along with the house fried rice. This place need to be on diners drive-ins and dives show!!
4	Our go-to place for chinese. Don't be fooled by it's outside appearance- everything is always fresh and delicious. Our favorite is the Kung Pow 2, which is shrimp, chicken, and lots of different veggies in a spicy sauce. We also love the house fried rice, which is your normal fried rice with veggies, bean sprouts, etc but also comes with pork chicken, and shrimp. Very generous portions, also. We always have at least enough left over for lunch or dinner the next day, as the large sized items are 32 oz.
4	I thought this place was yummy. I order a small hot & sour soup and two veggie egg rolls. They were both very delicious and filling! The small soup was enough for me to save to have for dinner that night. Don't shy away from the outside, its a little jem inside. There were random trinkets for sale, but I thought it added to the charm of the place. I service was quick and friendly but most of all the food was yummy. I will be returning for sure.
2	My office ordered takeout from this restaurant a few weeks back. I ordered the sun devil chicken. It was extremely salty and the chicken seemed undercooked. They also flat-out told us that we could not split the bills (there were only 5-6 of us) and that it would need to go on one bill.  I would not return here.
1	It pains me to write this review.  I have been a weekly patron of this establishment for years as my office is only half a mile away.  Last November we celebrated my birthday and the office asked me where I wanted to order from, I chose Mr Wong.  Our order came to over $100 and they forgot one order of lemon chicken.  Not only would they not deliver the order they forgot, they made my co-worker pay AGAIN for her entree (we had given ask the money plus tip to the driver who brought us our original order).  When I got wind of this, I was furious and quite frankly, embarrassed as this restaurant was my suggestion.  I drove to Mr Wong figuring that seeing me (a regular) maybe they would make things right.....nope!  The witch behind the counter refused.  You've lost a long time customer and an office that will now take its large orders elsewhere.The food here is good, but don't place a large order as the peabrain running the joint can't keep it straight and when she screws up, it's your fault.
5	Love mr wong... and mrs wong! They both run the place and make good NY style Chinese food here.  Love the ribs and fried dumplings! Delivery is always fast and reliable.Our go to Chinese food place.
5	I love eating at Mr Wong! The Lemon Chicken is delicious! As is the King Pu Shrimp. I live and work a block away so I eat there often as they have a great lunch special. They are always very friendly and make you feel welcome.
4	Well, I am not a food snob but I do enjoy a nice lunch and if it's cheap - the better! A co-worker and I like to look at local 'off the beaten path' type establishments.  I checked on YELP and noticed this location.  It's right behind a Circle K and in a strip mall (everything is in a strip mall in PHX). Every place can be considered 'sketchy' in PHX metro - I say it gives it personality, so if you like linen table clothes and valet parking - stay in Scottsdale.   They have a menu with many items offered.  Your usual Chinese fare, so if you've ordered elsewhere, they probably have it here. If you are looking for 'specialty' dishes - look elsewhere.  Sweet & Sour everything, Lo Mein, Chicken with...., Kung Pao, Soups, Chk, Pork, Beef and Seafood, Apps, Egg Foo Young.  I've tried the Chicken and Veggies - tasty - fresh veggies.  Teriyaki Chkn - the lunch combo was HUGE - it's was ok, its seems to be their big dish for lunch so they have that ready.  Chicken lo Mein - the noodles were good -better than most places.  Egg Roll on the combo could be better and I always get the white rice (never been a big fan of side fried rice).  Combo's run around $5.25 - $6.25 for lunch.  Large dinner portions are about $7.25 - $9.50 - the interior is SMALL - three tables when I last counted.  So it's mainly a delivery or pick joint.  It's not bad for the money.  My co-worker LOVES the Hot & Sour Soup and always gets that now.   Hope this helps!  Enjoy.
1	HORRIFIC. Do you people have taste buds? Four stars, you lunatics?! 1: crack head paradise outside of the "restaurant". 2. filthy inside with the yummalicous smell of old grease and grime. (why I proceeded to order I have no frickin clue). 3. pretty stupid expensive. $10 for a small plate for one 4. the food. YUCK. Got home, tried one bite of everything and threw it all away immediately to avoid eminent poisoning. Sesame chicken: unable to be chewed, tougher than deep fried leather with about the same taste. Beef with broccoli. The beef was creamy white. End of story on that one. Crab puffs: the middle was decent but the outside was so overcooked it was hard to get to. Egg roll: my sister bit down and spit it directly on the table. She's dramatic but not that dramatic. Lo mein: tasted exactly like old stinky cabbage. The sign near the register read "no refunds" so I didn't bother calling. The sweaty guy working the register and the grill probably wouldn't have cared anyway.
