4	ALWAYS tons of friendly service whenever I walk into this location. You can become a Pro member for 14.99 which saves you money over time if you are a big user. Are you a big user? They have some selections for as cheap as $1 and they are pretty willing to look anything up for me even when I have come in there with some weird requests.
5	I don't really know of any other game stores that can compare with GameStop...they have pretty much everything I could ever want.  Even when I don't know that I want it. This particular location has really friendly, really helpful team members who are always eager and wiling to talk about any game in the store.  Many of them have personal experience with most of the games, systems, and extra products, so while they provide their opinion, they are also pretty good at remaining objective when giving an overview.  Being a ProMember saves me sooo much money (I'm almost embarrassed at how often I frequent this place. Almost), and allows me to trade in games for quite a bit more than if I weren't a member, while also allowing me to collect points I can use in their online store to purchase special items not in-store.  I love that they have such a huge selection of used games as well as all of the newest releases.  They are very up-front about what new titles are being released when, and take a simple $5 pre-order to hold onto a copy of anything that might be coming out (which then gets put towards the purchase of that game, so you're not losing money holding it).  Overall, this is a store I don't ever feel bad about spending too much time in when I'm looking for something to spend more time on.
5	A lot of people are Gamestop haters.  Not really sure why?  I have always had a great experience with Gamestop.  And if I do have a problem, they are more than willing to work with me.  And the dumb competitor commercials showing them pushing stuff on you, like DLC's and Game Protection.  They don't push anything on you.  They do ask though, which I find nice, because they may have something available I didn't even know about it.This location is great.  The staff is always nice and super helpful.  They let me get in and out with no problems.  If I want a little video game conversation, they are more than happy to discuss games with me and give recommendations.The Pro Rewards membership is definitely worth it.  15 bucks a year and you get 10% off all used merchandise, plus 10% extra on anything you sell to them.  You also get the 12 month subscription to Game Informer magazine.  That is huge to me.  I'm always excited to get my magazine.  And you get rewards points for anything you buy or sell.  I've traded in points for a cool Gears of War shirt.  Been saving up the rest for a couple years now and I have about 40,000 points.  One day I'll buy something epic.I hope Gamestop is around for a long time.  Brick and mortar stores are being killed off every day.  I understand why, it's just a little sad.  It is very nice to be able to actually go into a store, feel welcome, and stare at a wall for an hour, before deciding what you want to walk out with.
1	Horrible horrible trade in prices. So sad to know people sell all the games they pay hundreds or even thousands of dollars for not even $100 here. But life is life and a sruggle is a struggle. Over all either way we can't stop coming here there are no other game stores.
