4	I guess it is appropriate that this restaurant be named after the grandiose, Mr J.D. Rockefeller.  As if there is one thing I can say about the food here, especially the sandwiches, is impressive.Atmosphere - A little sterile, a-la-new diner with oak accents in a clean, non threatening style.  This establishment is located in a new-ish strip mall with ample parking out front.    Service - Friendly and prompt.  The waiter made sure to run to the back for each calzone ordered, as this is a made to order item, ensuring all food arrived at the same time.  Tea refills were fast and efficient.Food - One word...huge!  I know Pittsburgh is all about the large portions, but this place goes a little crazy with a few of the menu items (view pics...especially the "Pittsburgh Style"...see the fork on the plate for scale).  Based on a prior Yelp reviewer, Darren W, I ordered the Italian Calzone.  I am glad I did.  This massive 'Zone arrived to my table piping hot with all the good Italian meats I just can't find down here in Charlotte, NC.  It is definitely good for two people or one person, as in my case (I ate the other half on the drive back home).  I especially enjoyed the dough of the calzone.  It was light (as in not greasy) and slightly sweet in almost a pepperoni roll kind of way (another thing I can not get in Charlotte).  Overall - There is definitely excellent value here and the food is very tasty.  I hope to visit this place again just to see how good everything else is on their extensive menu.
1	Horrible service 3 times in a row. Management does not care. I will never return there!
5	I love this place, never had a bad experience here. Food is always good and hot. Also have a good draft selection.
5	Great food. Huge portions. Tastes home made. Good prices. Good beer selection. Great service. Would come back.
4	Great fish sandwiches, great dinner salads.  Large portions.  A little on the pricey side.  Will definitely go back.
2	I've been going to Rockefeller's since it opened.  I've always loved the food and had a great time catching up without fiends and family. Until the recent years. I get it, it is a local hang out, but the treatment my husband and I have received while visiting my parents the last few times, especially today is flat out awful and embarrasses me as a local. Today we went in to grab a quick bite.  All of the tables in the bar area were reserved.  That's fine, we decided to wait for a seat at the bar. They kindly let us sit at a reserved table while we waited. Not wanting to waste the waitresses time my husband went to the bar to get us drinks, while I sat back and watched things unfold. The bar tender blatantly ignored him for no fewer than five minutes. What was she doing?  Chatting to an off duty co worker. Remember, I'm a local so while I've moved away and she didn't know me I knew exactly what was going on. Then when he asked for drinks she snapped that we needed to use the waitress. My husband stopped her from walking away and explained the situation. He ordered me water and then asked about the draft selection. She quite rudely directed him to read the signs. I was appalled. Not knowing I'd heard (heck everyone could hear) he came over to see me. At that point we decided to leave. If you're a local, go here and enjoy. If not, good luck getting service at the bar. A table might work, but locals will still win.
