5	Take out Chinese food on the cheap! How can you go wrong? This place is good, clean and consistent - as I'm a regular they can even remember what I order when I call in.There is also a restaurant area where it looks like there may be a lunch buffet - I don't think I'd eat there but it makes for great takeout.
2	Don't you love it when you have to beg the restaurant to put food out on a buffet? Whenever I go here, the place is decently busy but they always seem to have a problem with having enough food out on their buffet. Everytime a tray of food is brought out, it's such a tiny portion that its usually emptied out within seconds by all the hungry customers! If you're going to run a buffet and expect people to come back, AT LEAST have enough food there for your paying customers!
4	Great take out food!
5	This place has the best Chicken Teriyaki ever. They grill it right in front of you. Most Chinese restaurants deep fry it and it usually comes out dry and old. This place grills it fresh, and it comes out tender. If you don't try anything else here, you've got to try the Teriyaki sticks. The beef Teriyaki is ok, but not as good as Chicken. I usually get their tofu and shrimp with mixed vegetables. Their brown sauce is not the best I've had, but it's decent. 5 stars on the Teriyaki, 3 stars on their dishes. Their food is so cheap I have to add another star. This is a five star Chinese restaurant for me.
2	Chicken teriyaki is good. Ordered cashew chicken, hot and spicy beef and Kung Pao chicken. Sauces were extremely bland - no flavor and zero spice in the hot and spicy beef. The beef was slimy and had the texture of pre-chewed food. Do yourself a favor and go to Masa right next to the Bi-Lo across the street.
3	Simple Americanize Chinese takeout. Fast when you ordered via phone. Don't expect great customer service. I would go here when I'm seriously craving for Chinese takeout. I like their chicken egg foo young with gravy on the side, their roasted pork lo mien was delicious and so is their fried rice. I tried a couple of their appetizers which is the chicken wings, crab Rangoon, egg rolls and pot stickers. All are somewhat greasy and some are tough to eat. I would and have been back but never order those appetizers again.
3	Extremely Americanized Chinese food, but that's perfectly cool. It's what we like!I ordered a spicy chicken, which comes with either pork fried rice or white rice and a spring roll. Well cooked but not very spicy, but still a lot of chicken in there and a lot of meat in the fried rice. A packet or two of hot mustard brought out the flavor and we were rocking along.They have a buffet table set up in the middle of the dining room. I have no idea when they have a buffet.They're located in the shopping plaza in the north west corner of Steele Creek and South Tryon, next to the Harris Teeter.
4	Consistently solid experience. Americanized Chinese food at a decent price. And they are open until around 11:00 during the week. It's my solid go-to spot when I need Chinese food.
3	We were originally going to cook Friday night, but it got late by the time we were heading home, so I decided to pick up some food from China Town on the way.  I went in and there were two people actually eating at the restaurant, the rest were in line or waiting for their take out.  It seems like that is the thing there as the phone was constantly ringing for more orders.  They had a buffet, but I'm not sure when it is set up as it was not during the time I went, which shocks me with it being a Friday night. I ordered my normal, you got it, sesame chicken.  Also ordered beef and broccoli.  With the number of people waiting and the calls coming in, the order was ready in 5 minutes.  That's great, but should that be questionable???  Maybe the whole Americanized Chinese part.  Both entrees were good and I like that they had a little extra sauce for putting on rice. They also made for good leftovers - not dried out!I would go back here for convenience, but I still have some other Chinese places that I just like a lot more, so I will reserve those for the 4 and 5 stars.
4	I was not impressed by the lunch buffet. Small selection and over priced compared to what is available next door at Harris Teeter. But I find the regular meals are great. Food is prepared fresh and is very tasty. Good portion size for the money.  A great place to get take out.
