3	Grand Ave Pizza just opened. We are very excited about this. You can get a great pizza until 4am. This is good thin crust pizza. The place has inside dining and a patio but it is small (cozy?). No beer/wine yet but maybe in the future. I am going to recommend this place and I give the pizza 4-4 1/2 stars. However- 2 things: hours; they don't open til 8pm. Earlier opening time time- say- 5pm(?) Price; $12/12" and $18/18" pizza. A bit pricey. A single slice is $3-$4. It's good pizza but it should be 2-slices/$5 for cheese and 2-slices/$6 for single topping! I will mention this to the owner. If they knocked a couple bucks off the price I'd give them 4 1/2 stars easy peasy!
4	We just ordered pizza from these guys last night at 3 AM and it was exactly what we needed! My boyfriend and I get off work really late and the last thing I wanted to do last night was drive back out to get something to eat- these guys were kind enough to deliver the pizza without sweatin' it and were here faster than any typical chain pizza place. Open late, a lil' greasy and delicious- you wont be disappointed :)
5	So glad this place finally opened!  I had been wanting pizza for a good month, and I remembered they were open late night.  It's a cute little space with a rad mural inside.  They offer cheese or pepperoni by the slice $3 and $3.50, and they have whole pies as well (12'' for $12 and 18'' for $18 plus more if you want to add toppings) and they always have some kind of delicious special going (which is only available by the pie, just an fyi).I don't think this place is pricey, especially considering all of the fancy pizza places that popped up.  This place is a no bull pizza joint, and the fact that they are open from 8pm-4am Tuesday-Saturday is an added bonus!  I think this place is PERFECT for a late night snack after an evening of barhopping with friends or for restaurant workers (who usually get out too late to enjoy anything other than something berto's or Denny's). They don't deliver just yet, but are fully planning on doing so:) When I stopped in, I ordered two slices of cheese.  The crust is thinner, but not super crunchy like thin crust.  It has a nice little crunch with a pillowy texture inside.  Good sauce, good cheese made by good peeps.  My friends decided to join me, so I ordered a slice of pepperoni and they ordered pepperoni with mushrooms and jalapenos.  No one was disappointed and we all have been talking about it since we dined there last week!Lastly, the crew is great! Nice and friendly, playing great tunes and having a good time making pizza and chatting with customers.Can't wait to go back!
5	I honestly feel like this might be the best pizza in phoenix! we came here tonight and ordered an 18" pizza with garlic, mushrooms, onions, and olives- there were three of us, all major pizza eaters, and we still had 2 slices left. I felt the price was totally comparable to other places in phoenix- if I want a $5 cheese pizza as another reviewer mentioned, then i'll go to little caesar's. the fact that they used kalamata olives was particularly awesome. the pizza was amazing, the outdoor seating area is nice and has misters, and the service was great. the fact that they are open until 4am is also a plus!
2	I love the idea of a local (to downtown Phoenix) open late (they run actual vampire hours opening a 8pm until 4 am) pizza joint. So, I excitedly drug my husband in on day one (or two depending on if you count grand opening as day one).  We walked over and grabbed a couple slices of pepperoni and a sample of the daily special. It was ok. I've eaten far worse by way of pizza...but this was not a great-I-want-to-have-them-again pizza experience either.  I will likely give them another chance - a few months down the road- and see if the issues we experienced were just opening issues.The slices are served piping hot from the oven and huge! This should be a good thing, yet when we picked up our slices (to fold and eat...ya know like ya do) the crust broke. It wasn't completely done.  Burning hot greasy cheese and pepperoni oozed its way through the cracks make it difficult to eat.  I love greasy pizzas, don't get me wrong, but I don't like wearing them because the crust can't stand up. Lest you think I'm just being a picky crust person, my husband also had issues with his slices. Similarly the owner and chef both voiced (in a conversation between them, but not to the customers but carried out in front of us) that the oven wasn't heated properly and nothing was coming out done correctly.  Did they offer to throw our slices back in? Nope. Nothing was even said to us. It's a new restaurant, it's possible to fix these issues. We'll see. I'll adjust my review later. Also...as a side note....not having anything to do with my rating but wanting people to be aware. This is a very tiny place. At most 5 people can sit. If all 5 stools are filled, I'm not sure how other guests can come in. So plan to grab your pie /slice and go.
5	Alright. I've been here twice and had 2 slices each time. I think 4 slices of pizza merits a review now.I really don't eat pizza all that often, it's way too glorious and I can't control myself. I end up eating an absurd amount for a 5'2" girl, and I do it in record time. BUT, I make an exception for Grand Ave Pizza. This place is just...delightfully delightful. It is full of delightfulness. They keep things quite simple - it's small, cozy, and the menu is easy. You either order cheese, pepperoni, or the special (which changes often). On both my visits I had a slice of pepperoni and the special that day. That pepperoni pizza is no regular pizza. It's a perfect tender mix of crunchy softness. The crust isn't hard and overcooked, but it's not overly-doughy either. I noticed some people soaking up the grease with their napkins...haha! You sissies. I'll take ALL OF IT. The first special I had was the pork verde salsa - I found this slightly awkward to eat because of the large chunks of pork, but it was still very delicious. I have to say, it didn't top the pepperoni though. HOWEVER, on my second visit, the special that day DID blow my God damn mind. It was like...feta cheese (I think?), mozzarella, pineapples, balsamic vinegar, and fairy dust. I don't ever want fruit on my pizza, but holy Hell. What a great combo. Had my belly not been so full like a small Buddha, I would've gladly had another slice.Their prices per slice average right around $3-$4 and they're pretty big. They're open super late AND deliver! I am sadly not within their delivery radius, but I would gladly go out of my way to pick up a pie. According to my east coast friends, pizza by the slice is not too common in Arizona. I'm glad that Grand Ave Pizza is filing that void. Dig the artwork too. Great spot, I think it'll be around for a long time.
2	If there is a pizza restaurant I must try it just to know whether or not if I'm missing out on something.  Tonight, a first Friday Art Walk, we decided to explore Grand Avenue which is gathering momentum as an interesting place to be with an interesting mix of small shops and artist.  The area has an decidedly urban neighborhood feel which is perfect for this storefront pizzaria for the locals.   Prior to trying the pizza joint, we were at Third Space where we happened to engage in conversations of where to go and how was the pizza across the street.  The patrons had mixed reviews.   After a few beers and a stop at Braggs, I had to try a slice or two on my walk home.   The front counter was very friendly when taking my order and neatly folding foil around my to go slices of cheese and pepperoni.  For $3 and $3.50 a slice, I hoped for a New York style sized slice.  Rather, the slices came from something from a 14"  inch pie -- neither here nor there.   From the first bite of the cheese to the end, the pizza taste was neither great nor bad -- it was just there.  I may have hinted a bit of milk flavor in the unremarkable crust. (Did they forget to add the yeast or let it rise?)  The sauce was neither sweet or spicy.  The mozzarella neither added nor detracted from the pizza.  It was an impression-less pizza slice.In respect to the pepperoni slice, the pepperoni covered the entire slice which made it very greasy, However, the pepperoni didn't have a distinctive flavor.  If I would hazard a guess, the pepperoni came from Hormel.   Overall, I would call the pizza a good homemade attempt but not something I would seek-out, travel for or call for delivery.  However, if I were leaving Third Space at 2 a.m., it would be a good slice.
2	Ehhhh I don't know about this. I was excited to have a new pizza place very close to my house, and that serves slices no less! So after a night out with some friends, the husband and I came here to get a couple late night slices. We arrived at the (very cute) pizza place sometime around 9, so not too long after they opened and ordered 3 slices, cheese, pepperoni, and a special (which was a white pizza with asparagus, bacon, and a few other toppings). It smelled good as we took it home. Unfortunately, the slices seemed old, like they'd already been sitting out a lot longer than they possibly could have if they had been made when the store opened. The crust was dry and stiff. The special pizza was especially bad, with a very flavorless white base atop the stiff cardboard like crust... it was not awesome. The cheese was significantly better since their sauce was alright, but still nothing amazing. Maybe their full pies are better (and more fresh), but I don't know that I'd come here for slices again.
5	Blown away, completely blown away.  The hours are perfect if you're a night owl, the pizza is, as I'm told from a New Yorker, New York style pizza.  We had tried a lot of other pizza joints together and while they were all great this one took us completely by surprise on how good it is.  It's ready very fast even if you order something special.  The staff was very friendly and engaging.  If you're in the area late at night and need a bite you would be doing yourself a disservice to not give this place a chance.
1	Was excited for this since right it's down the street from my house and open late but I was disappointed. Super pricey $18.00 for a cheese pizza that's 18 in. Each topping is $3 extra. So if you want a pepperoni and mushroom pie, you are looking at 24 smackers before tax...we opted for slices. I had veggie which was $4. It was good but small, especially for that price. This is not an affluent area so not sure how this will go when you can drive just down the road to Cibo and it's cheaper. Drink selection very limited. I also don't like how their Ipad cash register guilts you to tip on an already overpriced pie that was taken to go.
5	This place is awesome and I can say that despite never having gone. Thank you so much (times infinity!) for making my boyfriend's little birthday surprise such a success! -That crazy lady from PA
4	Grand just keeps getting better and better. Won't be long before it starts to get swarmed like Roosevelt, pushing all the artists and kewl shit further west. But in the meantime, places like The GAP exist (not sure it's legal to call it that?). Pizza places can be all the same, but these guys get creative. Brussel sprouts is their best, but I had some weird chicken thing (I think the chef was stoned, in a good way) and it was amazing when I had the drunchies (drunk munchies). Really looking forward to the music stuff they'll be doing in the future.Things I would like to see:Draft beers + growlers. Federal Pizza has a pretty damn good program going on they should implement.
5	Wow! Loving this place. Old pizza hut lamps, cactus adorn the tables, cute patio, music, and great pizza.Pizza by the slice is a great fast take away.Special pies are great.The beauty is in the mother yeast, and the sauce is very good!Good eats till 4 am
5	If you're out in Phoenix with some cravings for a great NY style slice with some seriously kickass customer service, look no farther than GAPC. On top of all the main ingredients one would expect to see at a pizza joint, GAPC will add and subtract some interesting ingredients depending on availability. Tonight, one ingredient stuck out to me: pickles!! Typically don't see those on the menu at a pizza place. The shop is located on a hip corner on Grand Ave across the street from a coffee shop and dive bar. The inside is small and quaint and they have an outdoor seating area for those nice, cool, fall nights. This was my second visit and each time I was very impressed with the staff. Super friendly and very welcoming, although being a paying customer probably helps! After chatting with the guy working tonight, he offered me a slice of his own dessert pizza creation while I waited for my pie to get done. Awesome! Plus it was delicious! Great fit for that post pizza sweet tooth. Overall, I'd say the quality of food and atmosphere earns a solid 4 but the staff gets the extra star! Highly recommended!
5	The pizza here is amazing, I got chef Travis's custom vegetarian slice with figs and goat cheese and way more. It tastes freaking delicious, an explosion of flavors in the mouth! Also the people working here are quick and so ecstatically polite.  Icing on the cake is it's super clean, they just got an A on their health rating!
5	Carson is the best and the pizza is amazing. Open at ideal times like 4am. That is all.
5	I've looked all over Phoenix for something resembling NYC pizza.... This is the place for it! So delicious and fresh! Can't beat it!
1	Called in for delivery and the guy taking the order was so obnoxious. He couldn't write down a simple phone number. Yea and 27 dollars for a large pizza with garlic?? No. Just so much no. This isn't Los Angeles, it's downtown phoenix so don't kid yourself. Way too expensive for a pizza. It's good but not that good. Also, $3 per topping?! Tessio's charges 50 cents per topping. Are these limited edition or endangered toppings? The audacity.
5	If I am up late and my tummy is grumbly, I am almost certain I am going to end up here to get two of the best slices of pizza I have had in Phoenix.  The ingredients are fresh, the pizza is never burnt, the staff is what you would expect from a tough-guy-hole-in-the-wall pizza joint on Grand Ave, the specials are different every single day, they deliver, GAPC offers whole pies and slices.  I used to have the high score on some of the old arcade games there, so if you beat my score, you have to buy me a slice since I was the one that told you to come here in the first place.
3	Went in for slices around 1115, and was informed that it's going to take 10min because they had to make a new pizza, therefore defeating the purpose of a slice being a quick in and out...but what eves I'll wait but it better be good.15 minutes later my 2 roni slices arrive and meh. Everything about the za was basic. Specifically the sauce tasted like it came from a can. Reminded me of the cheap sauce from pizza lunchables.
4	Rupert C. Is the biggest hater known to man!!( when it comes to late night delivery pizza) How can you hate on a pizza joint that delivers  pizza to your door till 4 in the morning!?.That's is actually tasty!! ( especially after hours!) Quit acting like a little biotch Rupert!! Lol.. P.S. Red Devil... still has some of the best pizza in phx.. hands down!!  (just sayin!)
5	Pizza here is awesome! I ordered a white pizza to go and when I got there I realized I got a free slice of cheese pizza for checking in. Tried the cheese on my way home and it was AWESOME! The crust had just the perfect crunch to it and tastes delicious. My white sauce with roasted garlic and sun dried tomatoes was great also. i look forward to coming here again and trying some of their other pizzas!
