5	The thing about Las Vegas...is that unless you are gambling (and granted, most people are).....and collecting free beverage after beverage....the drinks for the non-gamblers among us are pretty pricey.  My pal and I asked around....and around....and around until we enquired with a random stranger falling out of the door of Rio Casino where we should go for cheap drinks (aside from '24 Hour Happy Hour' at Flamingos...and the liqour store)...she yelled "SONNY'S SALOON" at us, before she stumbled off down the road. So we hailed a cab and hitailed it over to Sonny's. Sonny's is a fairly unassuming venue....located off the insanity of the Strip. It's like that dive bar that characters would roll up to in a road-trip -buddy movie, where they would potentially get themselves into a spot of bother on their hilarious adventure.  I half expected there to be scantly clad girls dancing around poles at the bar....but no. It was a fantastic little bar, that really did serve up cheap and potent drinks.  They didn't even seem to mind that we waltzed in with our pre-purchased Stolles in hand (classy).  The bartender (whom I can only assume WAS Sonny himself) was a pretty happy go lucky kind of man, who served up G&T after G&T.  They seemed to get stronger and stronger.  The Rat Pack played in the background, cool suited cads walked in and played craps on the tables beside us, as I gazed at an incrediably large portrait of Tom Jones hanging on the wall . All in all....I really enjoyed this place. It was nice to escape the craziness that was happening a block away...and was definately the type of bar that I could happily have perched at for another hour, if my buddy didn't want to go and hit the chaos and casinos on the Strip again.  I GIVE SONNY'S....5 REASONABLY PRICED TRIPLE VODKA SHOTS, and a couple of poker chips I found at the bar.
5	Cheap drinks, friendly bartenders, walking distance from the mall and strip... That's like the trifecta of my "gettin' slizzard" checklist. I come here for one reason only - to drink copious amounts of alcohol after putting in a solid days work... They occasionally hook it up with the free drinks once you start your routine. Plop yourself down at the bar, play some video poker and warm up that buzz fool.Free from tourists and troublemakers, this place is frequented by the true locals of Vegas. Most of the people I stir up a convo with all work on the strip or at one of the nearby establishments. Great place to unwind after work for sure (they're open 24 hours a day).I'm still meaning to try that Chinese joint next door... Eventually I'll tear myself away from the bar... after one more Jack and Ginger.
1	Weak (but relatively cheap) drinks, bad service, and rude patrons that don't want you there unless you're already a regular. Chances are if you're looking this up on yelp, you haven't been to Sonny's yet and the staff & regulars would like to keep it that way.I came to Sonny's to kill a couple of hours and have a couple of drinks away from all the Vegas craziness and couldn't have more disappointed.After getting served a couple of drinks without issue, the regulars were the only ones that even got acknowledged by the bartender. It wasn't busy, he was just being blatantly rude. I eventually ended up waiting literally 30 minutes for a drink while the bartender just walked by without making eye contact. I tipped on every drink I did get, was nowhere near drunk enough to get cut off, and wasn't rude in any way. They don't want your business and they'll never get mine again.
5	If you want just a bar, this is the place.  It is the best place to go to get away from all the nonsense of the Las Vegas strip.  All the basic spirits served in a place that is very old vegas.
1	I am one who really enjoys a dive bar but this one I will never go back to and I never even had a drink inside it. When myself and a buddy arrived to the airport we agreed that we needed a liquor store stop, it is Vegas after all. Made our way through the cab line and were on our way. Asked the cabbie if he would mind taking us by a liquor store. this was the liquor "store" he brought us too... My compatriot and I looked at each other and said "really?" With no windows, inconspicuous door and the ambiance that was brought forth the consensus was that this used to be a strip club... After giving last rites to the dead pigeon out front we walked in the door. The classic stale smoke smell hit us like a ton of bricks as the jukebox screeched to a halt with us non-regulars walking in. The package liquor selection was decent but the prices weren't. The bottles were a dollar cheaper than they were at my hotel mini bar. It was also cash only for any purchase. We left with a good story, the desire for a shower, but without any mixers since they weren't sold there. Also just a note for walking there. It could be walking distance if you are on the North end but the sound end of the strip could make it upwards of a 2 mile walk. I would just ask your cabbie or take your rental car to a liquor store south of Paradise to save money and have a better selection.
