5	I wasn't sure what to expect from this show. A friend of mine had tickets. She had heard that it was like Stomp, but I have never seen Stomp either so...I still had no idea.When we got there we picked up the tickets and headed to Studio 54. As we walked inside we were handed a drumstick and told to pick a instrument of choice out of one of four colored bins.(instruments were pots and pans and metal objects)While you are waiting for the show to begin they have several different trivia questions that pop up. Then a video starts and introduces you to who is in the show and tells you how you should play your instruments.The group consists of  guitarist James Magoon, DJ Todd Griffin and percussionists Justin Spencer and Ryan Vezina.  Apparently this group was on America's got Talent. They are totally talented. Loved the percussion with buckets and storage bins and other items. My favorite part was with the ladders ... AMAZING!and ...they totally aren't bad eye candy either. They end the show with a big HOORAH of 80's music. It was awesome! I suggest if you are in Vegas- or coming to visit Vegas, SEE THIS SHOW!it is completely different than blueman group, as far as Stomp... still havent' seen that... but I can vouch for this show.  and I Loved it!
5	Great show for kids and anyone who loves to bang on things. I brought my 5 year old, we all received a drum stick and got to pick something to bang on (hub cap, plastic bucket, frying pan, etc..). This show was entertaining in many ways, including humor, audience participation, uniqueness, a very cool recording of a musical performance on all digital instruments.We saw the show at the Tropicana in the Tiffany Theater which has open seating (tables, booths and chairs).
4	We got tickets through house seats and attended the show on Monday night.As we were entering, we were given a drumstick and were instructed to grab something from one of the trunks to bang on. I was told to get something from the green trunk. I picked out something that looked like a metal lampshade. As I walked into the showroom, the guy at the door put a sticker on my shoulder. I looked at him questioningly and he said that the sticker was just for me. I wasn't sure what it was for, but I was hoping it meant I'd get to go on stage.While we waited for the show to start, I banged along with the music playing in the background. So did a lot of other people so it got pretty noisy.When the show started, we were told that the color trunk we got our "instrument" from correlated with the color of our team. I was on the green team which was led by the DJ. The black team was led by the guitarist. The red team was led by the main drummer with tats. The blue team was led by the main drummer without tats. When our color came up, we drummed along with the song. The group was a finalist on America's Got Talent.About half of the numbers were interactive and about half were performed without audience interaction. Most of the show consisted of drumming and throwing drumsticks.About mid-way through, they asked everyone with stickers to come up on stage. There were about 8 of us. We were all given masks and a drum. We all had to play a very easy song. Then we were asked to throw and catch the drumsticks. If you messed up you were eliminated and had to sit down. I came in second. It was a lot of fun. I wish I had a video of it.The end of the show consisted of short video clips of popular songs with good drum sections that we all played along with.The show was very interactive and energetic. I had a blast and would definitely recommend it. Great show for kids too. Be warned, it is loud so if you're sensitive to sound, it might not be the best show for you.
5	Wow what a great show! Keep in mind that you are going to see an interactive percussion show, so it is going to be LOUD. The show was at the Tiffany Theater at the Tropicana. If you get General Admission tickets as I did you should show up a bit early. the line started forming around 6:30 for the 7:00 show. The seating was very comfortable and there was lots of room. When entering you get a drumstick and you are designated a color that corresponds to a trunk which holds lots of pretty shiny things for you to bang on. I got hold of an exhaust tailpipe. I work with these things all day so it was exiting to hit something that I'm usually supposed to be careful with. I was fortunate enough to have a happy face sticker placed on me which meant that I would have some extra participation in the show, extra exciting now. If you get a sticker then you get to go up on stage and participate in a game beating on a floor tom and tossing and catching drumsticks. Like Danna C. I came in second, which is OK because the flowers would have clashed with my outfit. The show itself is entertaining and fun. Great talent and great music. I'm going to add this to my list of shows to take my friends and nieces to when they are in town and I would definitely recommend this show to all my friends that haven't seen it already.
5	WOW! I took my family to see this show, 9 and 11 year old boys, hubby and me. Hard to say who enjoyed it the most. These guys are amazingly talented and fantastic entertainers. It is a very intimate theater, and be prepared to be brought on stage to join in the show (they don't take no for an answer :0) ) Yes it is interactive ( I had the coolest radiator to bang on), and it is LOUD, but it is one of the best hours of entertainment I have had on the strip. We all LOVED it, and I will bring all my guests to see it, too!! Don't miss it!
5	This is one amazing show!!! I was blown away by the phenominal technique of the drummers. Their skill was unbelievable. The drummer that lead the red team was the absolute best. You wouldn't think that someone could drum that fast interchanging between drums without dropping their sticks atleast once!! Nope not once it was amazing!!! I loved it my kids loved it, and it made my son feel even more ambitious in his dream to become a drummer. I would reccomend this to anyone who wants to see an amazing show that keeps you moving your feet bobbing your head!!! I have never seen a more exciting show!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVED IT!!!
5	Some parts were a little cheesy but great show overall. Excellent show to take family and kids - very interactive. Loved the booth/separate tables seating. They took professional pictures prior to the show - great souvenir for only $15!
2	Lots of good details in other reviews as to how the show and the interaction works.  This is a great show to bring kids that like loud noises and like to bang on things as there are many opportunities to pound away with the drumsticks.  Warning, this is a very NOISY show, and while the idea is comparative to STOMP, it is quite different and more noise than music.  Don't bring grandma and grandpa.The percussion was very repetitive. I was surprised at how short the show was, starting at 7 and over just after 8.  Show price comes with a free drink, but line up early because the line gets long.
5	Anyone who wants to see a fun, high energy, interactive show should go see this venue. They are a bunch of great guys from New Hampshire who deserves your attention.  Great for the kids as they can drum to the beat of the show.  Shows are nightly at 7pm excluding Wednesdays at the Tropicana.It's about an hour long which was perfect because it keeps your heart pumping for one hour straight!Will definitely bring as many friends and family to this show.   They will thoroughly enjoy it.
5	At first I thought Oh No what did I get myself into because everyone at our table was going crazy banging on what ever they chose from the bins as you walk in, then out of no where me & my friend were moved to the very front, (very nice surprise) because when the show started it was AWESOME! The creativity, energy & talent was incredibly fun! AWESOME!
4	Throw in one of Tommy Lee's crazy upside down drum solos, some Stomp, a little Blue Man Group, a dash of Clown from Slipknot and top it off with a shot's worth of the Rock Band video game, shake well and you've got Recycled Percussion.The whole place was clanging already when we got to our table.  Everyone was armed with a drumstick (it's more fun with 2) and something to clang on including old skillets, plastic buckets and metal dog bowls.  My cousin's wife was six month's pregnant and noticed her future son kicking quite a bit as a reaction to all the banging.Don't want to spoil the show for people going but it's fun.  Some of their skits are twists on older formulas but they do make it their own with the "volunteers" on stage and the Beatles/Skrillex-esque part being my favorites.This would also be a great place to bring hyperactive kids since they could seriously just bash on their percussive instrument throughout the entire show.  Heck...maybe they'd even go to bed earlier!
3	Fun show, but if your prone to headaches do not go. Very noisy show. I think kids would love it though.The interactive part was like Rock Band with pots and pans. They played good music but a lot of the recycled percussion was drowned out by the loud back ground music and noisy audience.I had seen Stomp many years ago and I thought it'd be more like that, but it was only slightly similar. I loved Stomp.Go to this show with an open mind, a love for music and a sense of humor and you'll have a good time. We did.
4	I was familiar with the concept with Recycled Percussion and had seen advertisements all over the place.  I was pretty excited to actually check it out.  When we got there, we were asked to choose a piece of junk (which later became our "instrument" alongside the 1 drumstick everyone gets upon entrance).  It's neat to be told that it was our job to be loud and bang on our instrument as loud as we can.  I ended up with a banged up cooking pan of some sort.  Without giving the show away, my favorite part was the beginning.  I gave this show a 4 star for it's level of engagement with the crowd.  Pros: * lots of crowd participation involved * interesting show w/ lots of familiar tunes * good service, we even got moved to a V.I.P table Cons: *  not as expected (again I don't want to give away too much) *  there were moments of the show that dragged *  seating was uncomfortableOverall:  I think this was a good show with an interesting concept.  Going in, I expected the music to be solely driven on recycled percussion, but after the show began; you see that there is synthetic forms of support (i.e. Disc Jockey and electric guitars).  Don't get me wrong... there is definitely nothing wrong with electric guitars and DJs, but it's just not what I expected to hear.  I was expecting a more archaic sound constructed solely of pots, garbage can lids, and broom sticks.  I do however recommend you watch it.  There is definitely a good chunk of crowd participation, especially in comparison to any show I've ever seen on the strip.  I'd actually would have given the show a 3.5 stars if possible.
5	Junk Rock? Yes, please!I had the pleasure of seeing Recycled Percussion the other night and the rocked off my shoes, my socks, and my panties...!The line for the show is where the show started. A gentleman walked the line and gave each audience member a drum stick. The rowdiest people got stickers. When entering the theater, everyone is assigned a color (red, green, blue, and black).The guys have an awesome entrance. I won't spoil it for you! The show kicks off in full swing, high energy. The guys go non-stop for about an hour. The bang the crap out of everything! They use saws, bucks, bins, cars... and most impressively, their ladders!What's super cool is that the guys donate a huge portion (if not all) of their proceeds to a local non-profit and after the show they take pictures with every single fan, for free! Such an innovative, high energy, family friendly show!
5	An AMAZING show! The crowd participation was indeed interactve and incredibly satisfying. From the introduction of the group to the very end, it was engaging all the way through. My only regret is that I don't have enough to see them again and again. Maybe next year. If in Vegas, see them ASAP!
4	Great show! When you go, you get a piece of junk/instrument to play during designated times of the show. The guys are really fun, and manage to tell little stories through imaginative use of percussion. Not good for anyone with a migraine, but pretty damn fun for everyone else.
4	At first they messed up giving me my tickets....when I went in for showtime...my table was taken and they realized that they gave me tickets for Saturday's showing and it was Thursday...well they were pretty quick on their feet to fix that and I still got pretty good seats...so no complaints. It was pretty fun....definitely very interactive and had some hilarious moments and great drummers and music. We got pots and drum sticks when we enter so we kinda "played" along with the band. Pretty cool experience I say...and would recommend it for the younger crowd...just cause it's almost like a rock concert...loud, flashy lights, and well..somewhat deafening...lol the crowd we were in where mostly families and middle aged ppl...which I think weren't as into it.Nonetheless it is good for all ages I suppose...despite what I just said...lol just cause it's fun and good clean entertainment....kinda rare in Vegas? haha if you know what I mean....;)
5	If you're looking for an energetic show in Vegas you can bring your kids to see, Recycled Percussion is AWESOME!!! Like other Yelpers have mentioned, you take a drumsick (or two) as you walk in and then you pick an object to be your "instrument" in the bins before you are seated. I won't give too much away, but it's very high energy, and if you like to rock, this is the show to do it to!!!A word of caution, though - it can get VERY loud, so if you're prone to headaches, have a Tylenol, or some shots of liquor (but not both - have mercy on your liver) before you go in...
5	When a friend suggested that we watch a bunch of guys beat on instruments made out of who knows what during our short stay in Vegas, I figured it was time to get a new friend. I am kidding, no, but seriously, why would I want to pay ~$55 to see that? Well ladies and gentlemen, as it turns out, the show is actually a LOT of fun. Yelp reviews don't lie, this show is engaging, entertaining, exciting and I need to stop using adjectives that start with the letter E. So anyways, check it out, you won't be disappointed, and if you are, see it again because you were wrong the first time around. WARNING: This show is extremely loud (there I go with the Es again), so if you value your hearing even slightly. Don't go to the show because you are a pansy and you don't deserve to experience art at it's finest, go watch your Cirque Du Soleil instead :)
5	As a drummer and former member of high school marching band and Santa Clara Vanguard Cadets, I love all sorts of percussion shows, whether they are on real drums or on "trash." I loved Blast!, NANTA (a cooking percussion show in Korea), Stomp!, and other similar shows.So when my friend told me about Recycled Percussion at the Tropicana theater, I was totally down. It was cheaper than other Vegas shows anyways, and she wasn't impressed by Blue Man Group before, which is at least twice as expensive. Comparing YouTube videos of the two, I was more willing to see Recycled Percussion.So here's what your experience might be like:1. Buy your tickets online (we got VIP for $44)2. Pick up your tickets3. Get there at least 10 min in advance4. Grab a drumstick from one of the staff on your way in, and grab yourself an "instrument", be it a pot, pan, kitchen sink, or fire extinguisher. I'm not kidding. My friend grabbed said fire extinguisher.5.  Find your table or seat (the table booths are quite narrow), have a seat, and start practicing your banging skills prior the the show like everyone else. Bring earplugs if you are sensitive to loud noises. You'll still be able to hear everything through the earplugs.6. Enjoy the show for the next hour and 15 minutes, and remember to play your instrument as directed!They don't completely use all trash as their instruments, but there are a few real drums and electronic synths added into the mix. But they also use weed whackers and vacuum cleaners as instruments. AND their own bodies! The guy that played a whole song on his chest and cheeks was very impressive.I loved the audience interaction and participation, and the show in general was just super awesome. This is definitely a fun show for kids and adults alike, and I'm pretty sure you won't fall asleep during this one. ;) I only wish it was slightly longer!The drummers are available for merchandise signing and photos afterwards...I got to take a photo with them and told one of them I was a drummer too, and he said, "Awesome! Maybe one day I'll become a drummer too...I'm working on it, starting from the trash cans!" (lol, how humble)Highly recommended, and I'd see it again in a loud heartbeat.
5	Some might say that Recycled Percussion is a poor man's Stomp. I highly disagree, because this show was very entertaining from start to finish. Instead of just watching performers bang on random household items, the audience was encouraged and even harassed into participating. Recycled Percussion might be the best show that sums up childhood. From the early years of digging into cupboards, pulling out pots, and banging on them to a certain 90's cartoon. "Bangin' on a trashcan, Strummin' on a streetlight". Come on! Someone must remember...The show was divided into the right proportions of unearthly fast drumming, crowd participation, and comedy. Besides a little innocent pelvic thrusting, Recycled Percussion is a G show. The dynamic between the crew creates a fun atmosphere for all age groups. Definitely a fun show for parents to bring their children to.
5	What an amazing fun show. I liked it better than Blue Man Group. Recycled Percussion was fantastic. It is an interactive show where the audience is part of the show, funny and super high energy. Susan and Perry were perfect playmates. It was like being a kid all over again. I WANT TO SEE AGAIN AND I JUST SAW IT. At the Tropicana Hotel & Casino Las Vegas. Highly recommended.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPFNmsMnT9M
3	I'd say this show is good for families, so that may explain a lot of the 4-star reviews. I didn't think the show was bad, but I certainly had moments where I was bored and expecting something besides just banging on drums, which it seems is the real limitation of this show. Really, it's just four guys who got famous for creatively finding different objects to turn in to drums and then landed a permanent gig in Vegas. Only problem is, the novelty wears off after the first five to ten minutes of the performance. The rest of the show are just different interpretations of the same concept---the guys banging on their drums.I will concede that they do a decent job of involving the audience, although even this came off as a bit hollow and cheesy. You get to bang on metal tops and such, and they invite audience members to the stage, but it all seems a bit awkward and contrived.The encore at the end was pretty cool, clever use of ladders.
5	Loud, fun and full of excitement! This high energy, audience participation show was awesome.  Great family fun but if you aren't up for non stop noise bring your ear plugs. Be there on time because the opener is a must see.  Seating is general admission first come, first choice.
4	This was sooo fun.  I love interactive shows!  From the beginning:  We got tickets on fillaseat.com.  The show was scheduled to start at 7 pm.  We had to pick up tickets between 6:00-6:45 pm.  We arrived around 6:30 and were told that they would start letting people in at 6:45.  They had VIP and general admission seats.  Our seats were general admission.  I tried to check-in, but had no cell phone reception.  We entered around 7:15 pm.  Everyone grabbed a metal pot from one of four bins and each person got a drum stick.  The crowd had many children.  I won't describe the whole show, but let me say it was way cool with lots of humor and it was interactive.  One tip: bring ear plugs.  If you remember nothing else from this review remember this: bring ear plugs.  It was totally fun and worthwhile, but you will be deaf after.  Just go, you will have fun and be entertained.  Mission accomplished.
4	Saw the show last night and it was just what I expected... lots of music, drums, humor and audience participation. This is a fun show and its only a little over an hour long (thankfully, I don't think my head could take any more than that). For all those giving bad reviews because the show is repetitive..... did you not know what the show was about before hand?! It's clearly about guys playing the drums.... they have been about that since they started.I didn't pay to go see the show and I am not sure how much tickets are but I'm sure they are fair priced. Fun show for the whole family.The show does have a few moments where it slows down a bit and you lose some interest but overall its a good show with very talented crew. These guys can play the drums with the best of them.If you are staying at Tropicana and have kids I would definitely recommend it. Can be a fun show without kids as well just be prepared for lots of banging on pots and pans from the audience (you may want to pack an extra Tylenol or two).The show has room for improvement which is why 4 stars. But they have a good thing going and a fun and energetic crew. I like that they give back to the community as well.
2	Waste of time! We were very disappointed with this show and it didnt meet our expectations.  I guess you get what you pay for! Don't waste your money!!!Most of the music in the show is straight from great artists albums such as the Beatles, Queen, etc. You hear the performers banging on drums (buckets) while you listen to the music of great musicians in the background. They try to make an effort at bringing the audience into the show, but fail at making you feel like your doing anything but hitting cans and making noise. I might bring a child to this show but would tell the parents to go see Cirque right after to remove the after effect of having wasted your money on a trash heap of entertainment.
5	I brought a friend with me to see Recycled Percussion. I had to drag her inside the theater. (She planned on leaving when the show started.)  She said, "It isn't something I'd enjoy. I didn't like Stomp."  Recycled Percussion really turned my friend's attitude around. The group was terrific! The drumming was unbelievable! My friend and I had a blast and both want to go again! It's rare that you can take your children to a "clean cut " Las Vegas show and that the show be geared for adults as well. * I preferred this show to Elton John's Million Dollar Piano Show and Mystere.    For me, Recycled Percussion's rating is tied with the best Las Vegas Show I've    seen, which is The Lion King.
5	I think this show was great. And it wasn't even because I was the show. In fact, I think I I should have received free admission for getting pulled on stage cause it was kinda boring while I was up on stage and couldn't see. I don't want to spoil it for those of you going but it's pretty fun. First of all, I like any show that's $45 compared to the ones that are $90+. It's one of the few kid-friendly shows and is great with friends because it's interactive. Who doesn't like to beat your musical instrument of choice (I had a hard deciding between the kitchen sink and some random metal thingamajig) to the prompts on the screen. We even got front row seats because we went on a week night. These guys are good and it was so much better after I had watched the video my friends captured. I was wondering why they were laughing. If you have local friends with a membership they might be able to get you free tickets. Even better.
5	Hat a fantastic show! Lots of talent, humor, and audience involvement. They do a great job at keeping you interested and keeping it original. It's loud, but why else would you expect from a percussion show?!! Great creativity! Would definitely see again!
5	I've seen this show probably 5 or 6 times and I love it more and more every time. I think it's funny to read these reviews as everyone is complaining about it being loud. It is a rock show and it does involve drums! It would be weird if it wasn't loud..These four guys are extremely talented, entertaining and funny. They are unique and that is what sets this show apart from the rest of the shows on the strip. They don't need half naked women or trashy swear words to be successful. They're just a group of guys who love music, who love to have fun, and who love to rock.There are a lot of things I love about this show (the opening number when they come in upside down, playing the ladders, using their own bodies for music, and incorporating a ton of audience participation), but there is something that triumphs all of this. After the show, the guys wait out front and sign autographs and take pictures with the audience members. This gives you a chance to meet the guys and realize how down to earth they are. They take a lot of pride in their fans and it really shows.Anyone I've ever taken to the show doesn't want it to end! I watched these guys on America's Got Talent which makes it even more fun to see them in person. I wish this show got more attention because it really is spectacular. I've seen countless cirque shows and plays on Broadway and everything in between, but Recycled Percussion will always stand out to me. Give it a chance, you really won't be disappointed.
4	Good show but really loud..they give the audience pots &pans to bang on as well so you might not want to be hung over when you attend. However, the show is really entertaining, interactive, and worth the price
4	I loved this show! My first impression was "Wow this is loud." It did give me a migraine, and it isn't recommended for sensitive ears. Other than that, this show kept me entertained and WOWed from the beginning to the end. Actually, at the beginning of the show I didn't realize they were upside down. That blew my mind. I got tired of banging on my own little pot, but it seemed like the kids in the audience were having a lot of fun.Vegas isn't usually family friendly, so I recommend this show for families. It's clean cut, it's fun and what kid doesn't like banging on pots? I thoroughly enjoyed the classic rock too. If you can get a deal for this show, see it. If you have kids, see it. If you like loud music and a unique act, then see this show! It's worth it.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed the show the two times I saw it.  This is one of the shows that if you're into the premise of the show, you have a smile from the time you get your metal "instrument" and drum stick until the end of the show.After being given a drum stick, I was told to choose any item from one of four boxes.  That was what I banged on with the stick many times during the show.  It was great fun and it certainly gets rid of tension you may have.  You just smile and hit away.The group is very talented with their drumming.  I was really impressed with the opening, and I was impressed with the talent of these guys.A few months after I saw the show the first time, I had the chance to go again and I took my wife and two friends.  The vote was 3 to 1.  My wife was not fond of the show because of the loudness so if that's an issue for you, it might be better if you skip this show.On the other hand, if you want to relive some of the things you did as a kid, by all means, go and see this show and enjoy and jus smile.
5	I got a great deal on the show using a Groupon and thank goodness I read the Yelp tip to bring earplugs.  It was extremely loud since everyone is given a pot or pan and a drumstick to play along when queued.  *** SERIOUSLY... I absolutely recommend spending a couple of bucks on the earplugs to avoid damaging your hearing!   ***Overall, the four guys in the cast really put a lot into the show and it was super high-energy and tons of fun.  The audience interaction on stage was particularly hilarious.
3	Did you see them on Americas got talent? That is the entire show. The songs they play are great classic rock songs and the are beating on buckets and random salvaged junk items but if I had paid for my tickets rather than getting them for free on seatfiller I would have been sorely disappointed.Audience participation is high they hand you pots/pans and drum sticks and encouraged you to make as much noise as you can.WEAR EARPLUGS! They sell them outside in the casino gift shop called Essentials for $2.50. My date and I left without any ear problems and we chuckled watching everyone else rubbing their ears as they were leaving. WEAR EARPLUGS!Its a safe family friendly show and be sure to volunteer for the on stage act. You arent going to ever see these people again and I did have fun on stage. It will be something my GF will tease me about forever but I can always say I was there and you were to chicken to volunteer! In summary; bring earplugs or buy on site, volunteer for the on stage act, get discounted tickets or you may leave disappointed with playing full retail.
5	One of the best shows on the strip. A GREAT show for kids and the hearing impaired. These four guys are full of energy and active in the community.
4	***BRING EAR PLUS, BRING EAR PLUGS, BRING EAR PLUGS!!!***That said, I actually got free tickets and was intending to bring my parents, but thankfully I read the Yelp reviews about how loud the show is- my father would not have stood for attending a show that is so loud or that he'd have to use ear plugs for.  BUT we really, really enjoyed the show.  The performers were fun and funny and they are quite skilled.  The show was high energy, high action, and high humor.  We really wish that we'd been intelligent enough to bring ear plugs, but we still enjoyed the very fun audience participation portion of the show (even though that's where the worst racket came from).       It was a thoroughly entertaining show that I'd love to attend again some time (though this time I will DEFINITELY be bringing my ear plugs)
3	Show, newly relocated to THE QUAD - Formerly Imperial PalaceDo NOT see this show if.....1. You are an old, grouching, crotchety geriatric.2.  Have only a few ear follicles remaining before going deaf.3.  Don't like an excessive amount of noise.Otherwise, it was a ton-O-fun!!  But it was really short, rolling in at one hour on the dot.  There was probably more crowd participation than them actually performing (which is a bummer, that's is why I wanted to go, to see them, I loved them on America's Got Talent). According to the sound decibel chart, a "loud rock concert" is 115dB - I'm going out on a limb here, but I would say it's MUCH louder than that!!  EVERYONE, that's every single person in the theater, has a drum stick & a pot/pan/lid, pounding the sh*t out of it practically every minute through out the show.  Just a few decibels louder and "even short term exposure can cause permanent damage - Loudest recommended exposure WITH hearing protection is 140dB" - so basically, you ruin your ears when you see this show. However, the guys are adorable, you can't not like them. If you have kids who are constantly pounding counter-tops, or are in a band, GO-if you have a mad crush on any of the dudes-GO, they're wearing tight white pants..or if you want something unique and FUN-GO ------just bring ear plugs dude, no joke, you'll thank me!!!
4	My boyfriend got us tickets to this show from work, and I was kind of expecting it to be some what lame and cheesy like another show we were comped.. But I actually enjoyed it. They do ask for a good amount of crowd participation, but its great to watch others go on stage. I would definitely recommend earplugs,which they gave to us for free just have to ask, and possibly putting them in before the show even starts because people are naturally going to be banging on their pot.
5	What a strange an amazing time!! I live in Vegas and have been intrigued with the billboards of this show but never interested enough to spend the money on a show in the notoriously outdated Imperial Palace. The hotel itself is going under renovation and a revamp. They've gone so far as to rename the hotel now called The Quad. The decor in the hotel is still reminiscent of Imperial Palace but the outside valet area has been redone. Should be interesting to see the completion. Back to the show! Great time! Very very loud from the moment you step through the doors until the time you leave the venue. Great crowd interaction and simple but brilliantly done stunts. Bring your earbuds, a great attitude, and fearlessness to the show!! You won't regret it!
4	Show, newly relocated to THE QUAD - Formerly Imperial PalaceIf you like...1. pounding on kitchen items2. getting in and out of a show quickly3.  an excessive amount of noise.go see this show!It was fun, the time of the show was 1 hour right on the money! I went into the show expecting to see the (America's Got Talent) performance, it was not. A lot of crowd participation (boring), but the guys are super hunks and I would recommend this show.
3	I'd give the show 4+ stars but the venue only 2 stars and the casino 1 star. It's a nasty place. This is where the 98% stay when they're in Vegas. As for the show its very entertaining but not the best true drumming show I've seen.  Could use more actual drumming and less time on comedy skits, especially considering its only a one hour show. These guys can play but as a percussionist  I'm  not sure that they are truly trained percussionist like you'd find with Blast!The theatre was very old, the audience was a lot of families and many very casually dressed folks (ie they didnt get dressed up to go to this show).  Two very cheap quality glasses of wine cost us $18 and were served in dirty glasses. Best to just watch the one hour show then go somewhere else for your drinks. For the ticket price compared to other Vegas shows this is worthwhile. But buyyour tickets at one of the online sites and save about 50%.
3	This is a fun show for families, everyone gets to bang on all kinds of cool things like toasters, pans, vacuumn..you get the idea.  That being said it is super loud, like the show hasn't started and you feel like your growing a tumor your head hurts so bad.  So bring earplugs.  They didn't have them for sale at The Quad, like other reviews mentioned the Tropicana did.  There is also not concession stand, just a cocktail waitress (soda is pretty small and $5).  The guys in the show are super cute and likeable.  That makes it harder to give a honest review because I really want them to succeed.  When the show started the mic wasn't working.  There was no talking at all until the end of the show.  I don't know if this is normal or it took that long to get the mic working.  Our show lasted less then an hour.  There is a lot of audience participation, almost to much and when the audience is banging you can't hear the show at all which makes it hard to get into it.  I think a lot of the issue were due to the venue and the equipment.  We saw them on their second day in the new venue so I'm sure they were still working out kinks.  We got tickets for free and enjoyed the show.  If we payed full price I wouldn't have been happy. So look for a deal.  I think if they can get in the right venue with good equipment and crew, sound guys, etc this show could be a hit.
4	Great show!! We recently saw this at the Quad and it was fabulous! The show was high energy and exciting for the entire 90 minutes. We took our young kids and they all loved it too. It was nice to go to a family friendly show on the strip. The venue is set up with tables and booths, which I really liked. However, it's out dated (doesn't bother me). The Quad on the other hand is horrible!! I know they are renovating, but my gosh it was disgusting!! Walking through with the kids was scary, but worth it to see the show!
5	Great show! Me and my boyfriend got lucky with getting free tickets to the show when we were checking in! Some guy just came up to us and handed us some free tickets and we sat on the second part above the stage ! great view! Before you enter they tell you to grab two pot of any kind and hand you a drum stick! The show is very energetic and you get to play along! Fun! And before the show ends they have  a cookie break and give out to the whole audience some yummy warm out of the oven chocolate cookies! Must see ! It was convenient for us because we were staying at The Quad(where the show takes place at)Must go see it :D
4	Good show! High energy, lots of talent. I recommend it! However, definitely use the ear plugs that are provided. I've been to my share of loud concerts but this was worse, especially sitting by a group of kids who took FULL advantage of banging on the pots and pans that we were all offered to take. But overall, impressive!
3	We enjoyed the show. We did get skipped over when they handed out cookies and my drum stick was split open and gave me splinters. Overall though its a fun show with good music!
5	If you come out to Vegas and want to feel like a kid again and bang on some pots and pans and make as much noise as you possibly can with out your momma telling you to stop. Then this show is for you! Wow these guys are great! I was extremely impressed by there talent to make buckets, grinders, trash cans, tires, and just all sorts of random items sound so amazing. They have a quirky comedy show mixed with in the ambiance of great rock music. I must say that the best visual part of the show is when the 4 guys bust out the grinders and go to town on the metal walls. Sparks fly everywhere and even flow with the music. Then there finally when they bring out the van that looks like a POS breaks apart and the two drummers go to town beating on everything in there path! Don't miss this show if you are heading out to Vegas. Its cost effective and fun. Get your own pot or pan from one of the bins in the hallway and get ready to join in the fun and make as much noise as you want. One quick reminder before going.. Don't for get to bring the advil because as stated above. It does gets loud in here from the 100 or so people making there own pre-show noise! You will love it!!
5	This show is amazing. These guys are so talented. Followed the other Yelpers comments and I brought earplugs. It is really loud, but so worth it. Banging on pots and pans was awesome. These guys deserve a much better location. Getting in to the Quad was a nightmare. They were very unorganized at the ticket counter. I got there 40 minutes early and had to wait the entire time in line. I think they will be in Vegas for a while, they were great! This is a must see. Watch out for Groupons, it was a great deal and they have them often.
5	This show is awesome. I had a blast, they have these big cases full of pots and pans and pretty much anything you can make noise with then as you walk in they hand you drumsticks to play along with the show. It was insane the amount of noise, when the performers come on its even more crazier. Oh and they have a random cookie moment were they come and pass out warm chocolate chip cookies yum.
4	First of all a warning: This is not the show to see for a romantic and quiet evening!This is a LOUD and crazy experience and a great place to let out pent-up frustrations.  The show is based loosely around the music of Kiss, Journey, The Who and other Rock groups.  The audience spends much of the time banging on old pots and pans with a drum stick.  Sounds nuts but, actually, it was a lot of fun!  Be prepared to be invited up on stage!  The four cast members have crafted a performance that will have you dancing in your seat.  There are several bits included in the show and the 'Blind Monkey' one is hilarious!   It's an all ages show - the  pre-teen boys in the booth in front of us were having a great time and so were their parents!Mixed drinks in the theater were about $8.50, which is cheap by Strip standards.   The ticket staff outside seemed a bit confused, but once inside, you'll enjoy the show.
5	This show was amazing!  Those guys have real talent and can play!  The show was short, sweet and loud!  If you go see the show, prepare for a lot of noise the second you walk through the door.  My family was sitting in the front table and we heard EVERYTHING.  Before you go in, your given recycled pots, pans, pales, etc. and a drumstick to make your own noise.  I love interactive shows, so I had a really good time.  I was jammin' right along with these guys.  I don't want to give too much away, you must go see it for yourself.Also, pay attention to the facts on the screen before the show.  They're incorporated throughout and reading them before makes it more interesting.
5	Been to Vegas numerous times and always ended up going to Crique shows. This time we went off the grid from the acrobatic shows to see something different and this show did not disappoint at all. Tickets were very inexpensive (19 bucks) and venue was at Quad but do not be discouraged. We got our tickets through Travel Zoo and were seated in a booth close to the stage. First they hand you your very own drum stick and metal plate as tapping it as loud as you can is encouraged :) I love the sound of the drums and percussion so didn't mind this at all. As we walked in the venue, everyone was hitting their metal plates and its pretty loud so I do not recommend this to anyone looking for a quiet evening. On to the show. It started with a suspended drum performance ensemble to pump the audience, then the main character told a story of why the show was created. Audience participation is encouraged and the crowd happily responds by tapping their instruments! The choreography of each performance was well executed and the production set was pretty amazing as well. Sound system was punchy and complimented the show very well...felt every beat and tap of the performance. Crowd was a mixture of family (great for kids) and young couples. Overall, this show is worth to watch...a must for a any musician at heart or the drummer kid in you or your kids. Love it and will see it again cause I love the pounding of the drums!  (See my pics)
5	This show is....words just can't explain the feeling u get participating in this one of a kind experience. These guys are very talented and deserve all the attention and much more than they receive. My husband and I have been here 4 days and have seen it twice. I will DEFINATELY be bringing my family and friends to this show every time we come on vacation. Guys your hard work and wacky personalities make this show a number one must see...keep up the hard work and don't give up the dream.
4	So many people think that seats in the front row, right against the stage is the best seats in the world but not for me, just because I know how these Vegas shows are and how they like making the audience participate. I hate it. HATE IT. I am way to shy to be stared at by the whole room full of people that can't wait to laugh at you. I hated in school and I still hate it now. So when I get seats to a show, I like the back so I don't have the performer coming back there to bother me. I just want to watch the show. That's it..So when we got that seat, I started sweating.. I wanted to move but I didn't want to be a brat and also look like a jerk to my boyfriend. I even tried to make myself look less attractive and put on my ugly oversized hoodie. I pretended I was cold. I have anxiety, and it was working overtime right now lol. So they started with the upside down routine that was amazing and soon as they got down, from the damn ceiling and got on the floor, the guy in the red already started picking on us. He grabbed my boyfriends drumstick and started banging on our pan. I was like "Great..."So he started talking to the audience then looked down at me and asked what color team I was on because he couldn't see the sticker on the pan. I just shook my head. It was placed inside the pan not outside. Guess I was on Black. One part of the show they pick someone out of the audience to throw them sticks from the crowd. They catch them on stage while playing the instruments. So of course the women throwing the sticks doesn't know the proper way to throw them and hits my boyfriend in the back of his head with one. Thank goodness it didn't hurt him. The guy in red,  put our pans on the top of our heads to pervert this women from hitting us with drumsticks lol. It was a fun show.  He picked on us quite a bit, but thank goodness I wasn't on stage dancing with a monkey mask on.
4	Good, interactive show. They were from a show called something.. i can't remember. something about talent. Oh America's Got Talent. Entertaining. Good to bring your kiddos to so that they can bank around on pots and pans that normally would not be OK.+ For the priceThe location not so much, this show was at the Tropicana prior. The Quad was the former Imperial Palace. It seemed to be a maze from turning into the parking lot, dodging the pillars, dodging waiting check ins, up the elevator and you're there. Good show overall.
5	My husband and I got free tickets to this show from another show. My husband wanted to see it because he saw these guys on AGT. So I was like OK sure. I was extremely impressed with their presentation and their music, and their acts. The interaction with the crowd was the best part. You even get a recycled instrument ( pot or pan) and a drum stick to  help out some of the acts.Overall I was very impressed!
4	Tropicana Hotel location:Ever left a show feeling that it was just too short and that if you could, you'd probably go back over and over?That was that show for me.If you go with a crowd of various ages 5-40, this is the show for you.While you're waiting to be seated, you are given a drumstick. That is precisely when the excitement builds and you're wondering what there is in store for you.Once you are admitted into the theater, you get to choose an 'instrument' of your choice. Basically, they are huge bins of pots and pans of your choosing. Some people notice the little colored dot sticker affixed usually to the bottom of said chosen instrument.For the most part, you are able to select where your seats or table are. Get there early to get in line first to have first choice, though there isnt really a bad seat in the house.Human nature works like this: give a person a drumstick and a piece of kitchen cookware, and there WILL be noise. Haven't your parents taught you anything? =)I felt sorry for the stick in the mud couple who had not once touched their instrument of choice. My table was pounding away on their instruments even before the show started, and the couple next to us sat there miserably, shooting daggers with their eyes at us. Our response? bang the heck out of our instruments even more!!The show begins and you're immediately sucked in. Great sound system, eye catching lights and scenes. You're divided up among 4 teams, determined by the color of the sticker on your instrument. Interactive show for sure, as youre given simple and easy to follow ques on when youre supposed to pound away.I heard Styx, I heard a very awesome remix of my favorite Beatles song. All 7 of us who went to the show walked out still nodding their heads. We were sad to have to surrender our instruments. Oh but that didnt stop my kids. Of course Dad bought them the DVD to watch at home, as well as a set of....drumsticks. For the next two weeks, any surface that was solid enough to survive a drumstick pound, was pounded on. Surprisingly, it didnt bother me, and I even recorded my sons jam sessions on his ipad.We are planning on going back now that the show is located at The Quad. These 4 guys have TALENT.
5	I got tickets for the show off Groupon thinking that it would be fun even if the show wasn't the best.  Wow was I wrong!  The show was amazing!!!  Awesome production, constantly laughing, continually blown away by their creativity and skill and even got my own drumstick and pan to make my own noise.The cast member's interaction with the audience was amazing.  Very charismatic, but also very down to earth and cool.  Plays with the audience a lot, makes fun of them a little, but never to the point of being rude or crossing a line.I had some friends who were on America's Got Talent the same year these guys were on there and after telling them about the show, they told me how good of guys they were.  I can believe them.  The guys seem to really enjoy what they're doing, laugh at themselves and at each other and its great to see their passion in their work.  Highly recommend!!
4	This Show was so good!! I Brought my 12 year old and he is still taking about it. He compared it to Blue Man Group which says a lot. It was funny and extreamly entertaining! I would have given it 5 stars except one thing, The Quad is a ghetto dump! Formally Imperial Palace they are in the process of making changes but it is still a dump and also there is a Show called Divas playing at the same place so I had to explain to my 12 year old that the ladies outside were not really ladies but men who want to be women so that was ackward. Then as we walked out we saw a lady who my tweleve year descibed as a "90 year old Scary Prostitute" Recycled Precussion is truely above this venue and hopefully they can move up soon!!!But back to the show, they had lights, fire, amazing drum solos, and the guys are super hott!!!!!!  YOU MUST SEE THESE GUYS!!!I loves this show!!
4	Good, solid show.  The Quad (nee Imperial Palace) is a hot mess of construction.  Since it has been 15 years since I have been there, parking was a bit much.  The show, itself, was a blast.  Took my 9 year old son.  He was reluctant and not sure if this was something he would be interested in.  He had a great time picking out his pan and acting like he was rocking out.The performers try really hard (perhaps too hard?) to be likable and interact with the crowd.  We were up against the stage, so my little man did get some cookies at "Totally Random Cookie Time."  We laughed, we clapped, we rocked out at the end.  The show's website recommends 5 and up, but there were tiny kids there.  This is not a hot date night with high heels and short skirts place.  This is wearing a shirt and capris and tons of families place.  So, bare that in mind.The performers encourage pictures taking (a rarity) and do a meet and greet after the show.  They stated that a portion of their proceeds for item sales go to a local homeless shelter.  (I would like to know which one.)
5	Great show!! Would go again, but this time with ear plugs. Very loud!!
5	Absolutely amazing show - can't wait to go back and take the kiddos!My friend had comped tickets and I had been wanting to see the show for quite some time.  So we went tonight and it was a blast!  Great music, great audience involvement, and those guys have some real talent!  I didn't stop smiling and laughing or rockin' out the whole time.  I love the venue - it's nice and small so I don't think there's a bad seat in the house.  Also loved getting the drumstick and "instrument" and being part of the show.  My kids are going to LOVE this but seriously, it's great for ALL ages and I'd go back again and again
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVED this show.  Brought my daughter and niece and husband with me thanks to a Groupon.  I saw them on America's got talent and really liked them on that show.  At first I thought it was strange how the tables were set up and how you end up sharing with people the table.  We ended up with a family with two boys who were cool. They offer drink service alcohlic and non.  It was a little loud before the show as everyone is banging their instruments.  I was concerned my daughter wouldn't like the show since she was holding her ears.  We loved the start having videos of funny things happening to people.  I will NOT give away the start of the show.  I will say AWESOME.  The four performers are very good looking and had a lot of great moves.  We were at the show one of the performers dedicated a drum solo to his Grandmother who recently passed away.  Wow, he rocked!  We all had a great time and we were all smiles and banging our instruments.  We were sad my daughter didn't get the freshly baked cookies, but the great table mates of ours shared a cookie with her.  Great family fun!  LOVED it!
3	BANG BANG BANG on the Drum BABY!!! That is what you will get with Recycled Percussion. This show was okay but nothing that I really loved. It was fun but not one of the better shows on the strip. With so many options I would pass on this one the next time. And if I were given the tickets for free again I would go with an Advil in hand.
5	This show is a blast!  Great for families, which isn't the norm for a lot of shows in Vegas.  It's was about 80 mins long, which most shows on the strip are 70-90 mins.  The guys are super nice, signing anything and everything after the show as well as taking photos with anyone that wants to.  If you don't like it that loud, they provide earplugs at the back!  :o)
5	this show is just amazing. its so much fun. non stop laughs, rocking, play along. yes the kids non stop drum beating could get annoying but they have ear plugs and they help. but that wasnt an issue for me. front row seats you could just feel the music and it keeps your hearts pumped up. you must all see this show.**alot of websites have discounted prices for this show, so make sure you do some research, check out the show, you wont leave dissapointed**
5	I had the opportunity to take out of town visitors to this show. What a fantastic treat! Audience involvement and excitement from the start. And ladies, the performers are VERY easy on the eyes. The show is funny and perfect for the whole family. You can't go wrong with this show. We loved it!
5	Loved this show, more than we initially thought we would.  I heard the show was good from many people so decided to check it out.This show is at The Quad (previously Imperial Palace), and parking is horrendous.  We drove all the way up to the dead end, and had to reverse and go back down to look for a spot, yes, us and many other vehicles.  Took as 20 minutes before a car backed out of a spot and us taking the spot.  The casino isn't impressive whatsoever, so that lowered our expectation of the show even more.  When we got to the entrance of the theater, we were directed to chose an instrument.  I chose the pan, in which the stick is given to you on your way in.The show was pretty awesome.  They are definitely talented dudes.  There were many funny moments within the show too.  I loved it from beginning to end.  I felt as if though it ended too quickly...but that was because I was enjoying the show too much.  It's about 1.5 hr show.  Oh yeah, I ate two warm cookies as well.  This show is enjoyable for adults and kids alike.  I loved it and would recommend it to everyone.
5	Very upbeat and entertaining!
5	Very entertaining and fun for all ages... If you haven't gone, you should.... You wont regret it!!
5	This show was awesome. Initially I wasn't so sure about it, but as soon as the show started, I was blown away. I was either laughing, cheering, or singing along...
5	Recently spent a week in Vegas and saved the most entertaining show for last as this was our last of 4 shows seen during the week.  I was a fan of the group from their America's Got Talent run a couple of years back. Their live show is great fun as they involve the audience from the start by encouraging everyone to get a drum stick and a pot, pan, or bucket or whatever they had in the bins and take it to your seat.  Everyone is encouraged to participate and this made for a very entertaining evening.  The guys in the band are great musicians and showmen as they continually show off and try to best one another throughout the show.  The 60's, 70's and 80's music that they play to includes great songs that everyone knows although I am not sure that I agree that Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody" is the greatest song of all time.  Maybe for someone playing the drums.  The show was just over an hour long and they did many of the routines they  did on AGT although many were much enhanced from the show.  The band stays after the show and signs autographs which I wish more performers would do.  The show is reasonably priced now, but I expect them to move to a larger venue soon as I believe there is a lot of creativity within the band. They will find more interesting ways to make music on whatever they can find that will make noise when hit with a drumstick!! Would definitely pay to see again!
5	Highly interactive!  We left the show putting them on the same level as Blue Man Group!  Involved the audience right from the beginning.
5	Awesome show. Decent price. Interactive. Fun and family friendly. What more can ya ask for? Had a great time. Very talented musicians!
5	Great interactive family experience especially for the little ones. Be prepared to have your eardrums blown off but luckily they provide ear plugs for you! and some pretty neat stuff to bang on along with the band. Met the band after the show and they are some pretty rad guys. Good job!
4	We came here on a Saturday evening. Doors open 30min prior to 7pm - Entertaining! Very interactive with audience participation, makes it memorable. - Since I watch America's Got Talent from time to time, I had to watch one of the highest placing NON-singing acts to ever compete in the series' history. - Great use of everyday items like power tools, ladders, buckets and trashcans. Who needs an actual drum set when you got skills like them?! LOL- Table seating. No heads in my way. Easy view sitting at table 69. Can order cocktails. - For those that like spoilers, what you'll get is RED vs BLUE, Random Cookie Time, Top-10 Countdown Rock Hits, a Van performance, and a Ladder Performance, Audience performances with Monkeys and Drumstick catches. - Audience can win Headphones! Awesome. - You can grab a drum stick. Bang all you want! HAHA. Total tinitis afterwards. Worse than a club, but lots of fun. - They support Anti-Bulling. 100% of their merch, I heart Grammy. Admirable.
5	I live here in Vegas and have seen a lot of shows. I have seen almost all of the cirque shows and a lot of the big productions. Last night, I took the family to watch this and expected it to be a good show because of all the yelp reviews. This turned out to be one my most favorite shows on the Strip and definitely the most fun show I have seen! Great energy! A lot of fun! I would definitely see this one over and over again...
3	It took me a little while to find the place (the signs at the Quad really suck at telling you where everything is). It's a cute fun show, I really enjoyed it. ASK for earplugs! They do have them and your ears will thank you for it! They do have the audience engaged with the show and the guys seem really nice and funny. A friend had free tickets and I went along thinking it'd be something silly but came out and really enjoyed the show with them. All in all, come with an open mind and ask for ear plugs! You'll enjoy the show.
3	This show was entertaining, and I do feel that I got my money's worth. However, it lacked a flow and consistency that I would expect from a Vegas headliner. The group played about 5 or 6 songs  in total, and the opening sequence was amazing to the caliber that the rest of the show couldn't live up to. Yes, your children are welcome at this show, and they will enjoy it, but they will also be ANNOYING! Everyone is given something to play at the beginning and a drumstick. Be forewarned some people can't control themselves, let alone their children. I understand why this show has a groupon. Don't pay full price.
5	great show, in a old casino.
4	I wish I had asked for earplugs. Oh well. Good time, though. This is probably geared more toward kids or younger adults; it would be overreaching to call the show sophisticated. We went on a whim last minute, and did have a very good time.
2	I expected more.  I liked the way they started-- coming in upside down.  I liked the way they used a tractor tire as a bass drum in a dance.  I didn't get the competing colors-- --,the black guy didn't really play drums-- and the green guy really only played guitar... so there were really only two talented drummers, and the competition was between the red guy and the blue.  I expected to see more recycled percussion instruments-- like water bottle bells or refrigerators... crazy things like using the side to an old shed like a marimba, for example.  (exaggerated, yes.... but I expected to see more extraordinary things... not banana tossing to people in monkey hats.)  It's Vegas, and they get a high price for show tickets... I think they could do more.
5	Great show!!! The cast and crew delivered a show that was better than expected. The Quad still has a long way to go but having a show like this that is high energy will help the Quad compete with the other casino resorts on the strip
5	Saw the show last Sunday night with my wife and kids (ages 9 & 5) and we all had a blast. Great music selection and interactive which my kids loved!
5	When we were waiting in line to get in I saw people rummaging through old pots, pans ,and water bottles to use as instruments during the show. My first thought was "Oh no!!" I already had a headache so I thought the show would make it worse. I still wanted to participate so I went the easy way out and chose the water bottle full of plastic beads for my instrument. When the show started with it's danceable beats my headache was forgotten and my excitement set in! I started shaking my water bottle to the music. The music selections are all very upbeat! I even saw my elderly aunt enjoying herself. Note to my fellow Yelpers : They give out free warm soft cookies during their show. So listen when they alert you that it is "cookie time"! It brought out my inner cookie monster!!The show is not only fun and filling but they also give back to the community! ! I love that! The day we were there they donated a portion of their profits to a women's shelter. I know my cousin who was with me was super impressed because she works for a women's shelter. Recycled Percussion was an awesome experience!
5	Coming from someone who gets bored easily and starts to daydream, this show makes it very hard to daydream! Instead I found myself smiling and banging pots and laughing out loud quite a few times. I liked getting a pot and sticks to bang throughout the show. I felt like a kid who was able to make all the noise I want and it was acceptable. I was worried I would get a headache, but not at all! The music volume was not that bad. Everything was upbeat and full of energy about the show. Like I said, it was hard to not be involved in it.  I liked the change of the set, the interaction with the audience.I love how they support anti-bullying! Great show!
4	In short, this was an amazing show. The intro scene alone is worth the ticket price. In addition to demonstrating amazing musical abilities, the guys are great at interacting with the crowd and really creating an energized atmosphere.Last night's show was their one-year anniversary of being on the Strip, which was cool to be a part of. The guys have their own anti-bullying campaign going on, and were donating 100% of sales to their cause.For this show, truly expect the unexpected: monkeys, dancing, machinery, a variety of different sets, and a good mix of funny and sentimental moments. And maybe cookies. I don't want to give anything else way, but definitely make sure you are there ON TIME- the opening scene will blow you away.A final note about my rating:The only thing that made this show get less than 5 stars, was the audience. One particular table really made a negative impact on my experience by constantly banging on their instruments and screaming throughout the show. The screens repeatedly said for people to keep their instruments silent before the show. After the show started, a video clip informed the audience that people who were not keeping to the responsible-use stipulations with their instruments would be escorted out. This was never enforced. Every person within eyesight of this group kept looking at them and wondering why the servers or management weren't intervening. Disappointed on that end, but the show itself was spectacular.
5	This was a great show. It keeps you interested the whole time. At first walking up to get in line there where to many children for me. They also allow them to have tools to bang on another problem for me. So course when the waitress came for drinks (two $14)so of course we order alcoholic beverages. It seems as if its going to be this very loud obnoxious environment an it was fare from it. It was a great place for children the adult humor was cut there was only one small seen where they pulled a mans cup out of one actors pants. Moved on rather quickly. The music was at a great level the entire time. The banging from the audience was very well controlled and timed. Again this was great show full of energy, fun for everyone. In a city not meant for anyone under 21yrs this was great family event a fun night out for the girls. Can't go wrong with four gorgeous guys that can play instruments or use their body as an instrument. They do a meet and greet right out side the entrance/ exit at no charge. You don't get that anywhere in this city. They do take donations and sign posters for $10 for anti bulling. They do group pictures also don't know the charge. They took pictures as they where greeting guest the also signed tickets. These men where not there as money hungry guys they where very sincere about if the people enjoyed the show. You don't find that in this city.  The tickets start at $69 and go up for adults. $30 for children. I strongly suggest if you have to bring children to a city where they are not meant to be then this is one show they should see.
5	Amazingly interactive kid friendly show on the strip worth every moment of it. Must see we will definitely be back with our other children.
5	100% pure awesome show! Great family show. Very interactive. Appropriate for all ages. Drinks are reasonably priced. Will definitely be back!
5	We have nothing bad to say about this show. It's energetic, fun, comic and interactive. We have gone several times and plan to return again and again.Watch the show and leave your shyness at the door.  You will be in the presence of a lot of people laughing, dancing and singing.
5	This show is great if you have kids. They can be as noisy as they want!Also...you are allowed to take pictures inside the theater, even during the show.
4	Fun show
5	Such a great show, even better when you are pulled on stage to participate! hell yeah!
4	I actually really liked this show!I showed up at the box office to pick up tickets for another show, and the lady offered us tickets for $15 because it wasn't full. We ended up getting pretty amazing seats and I was just completely entertained throughout the whole show.It also helped that the Recycled Percussion guys were easy on the eyes. The way they played those drums...I very much enjoyed the show.
3	Unless you are a percussion junkie, I'd pass.  While the interactive gimmick was nice, it left us with headaches.  We liked Stomp, so much better.  This was a very watered down version and just not up to par.
4	What a crazy show! I thought it was going to be louder than it was. But the loudest part was before the show even started when all of the kids were banging on the pots and pans. I loved the "totally random cookie time". My cousin's kids had a blast and so did the adults! The theater was a little old, but the show made up for it.
5	Great show!!Very family friendly, even though we were all adults. We got a "bucket" of 4 Blue Moons for $15, so not too bad. The show was entertaining and funny.Great older music for the adults...Led Zeppelin, Styx, Black Sabbath, Beatles, etcetera. Would even go again!!
5	Fanfrickingtastic! Don't be fooled by the obscure hotel ( it's at the Quad hotel next to  Harrahs) or the cheaper prices. I paid $400 bucks last night to see O. This show is better! I took my mother and my 2 teenage sons and everybody said it was the highlight of the Las Vegas trip! Go see this show!
4	Bring ear plugs!!!!!The show is fantastic. These guys are super talented. My only complaint is you start the show with way too much noise. It's a good thing they were great from the beginning. We seriously were going to just leave before they started. The noise prior to the show is torture!!! Get rid of the pots and pans!!!! People can start the show excited instead of asking yourself why did I buy these tickets.
5	I had great time at this show. High energy fun for everyone I recommend this show to many people. The music is  well performed excellent song choices.
4	Ok, first who in the WORLD designed and set up this place? How was it ever a good idea to add cafeteria seating so that everyone is seated not even towards the stage? In the back of the table I was sitting at (which when I bought the tickets they said they were good seats) you could not see ANYTHING. I was facing the wall. I don't want to have to rearrange my entire seat. This is a show, not a dinner party!!Second, people need to learn to read or they need to make the signs bigger. DO NOT BANG YOUR DUMB PANS TIL THE SHOW. why isn't anyone enforcing this? What is the point of this anyways? We don't need sounds, we came here to see YOU. Not hear kids bang on a pot just because. Now onto the actual show. It was freaking awesome. They had such great energy, once the show started you could hear the pots and pans but not as much. They play some original (I'm assuming) stuff and also things you've probably heard of. It's definitely worth going to since it's fairly inexpensive.
5	I want to plan another Vegas trip just to see these guys again! Kid friendly too. They're very talented, and totally funny.You will be blown away... you will definitely have fun, and you might get cookies! :)
5	Starting off with a 5 we'got adeal on tickets after seeing show totally would have been happy with paying full price great show funny energetic !!! Great music and production
5	It's an awesome show .. I have seen it 5 times! I can go see it again! I have taken my kids , my nephews and nieces...absolutely kid friendly.
3	This show is pretty fun. If you can try to go for free or at a higher discount. I bought my tickets on Groupon so we paid just under $30 per ticket. I still think that was a little high because the theater, well, it's not impressive at all. In fact our seats were almost like a long folding table with movable chairs at it.  The seats were numbered but since they're movable they were all out of order so we couldn't tell if we were supposed to have good seats or bad seats. We kind of took the good ones and left it at that. The show itself was pretty decent the guys are clearly talented energetic and theyre Funny so definitely worth the trip
4	Decided to watch this show in the last minute bc I got a good deal. I was pleasantly surprised how good it was. I brought my two kids with me and they both loved it. Before the show, everyone grabbed a drumstick plus a pot to make noise during the show. A must see for ladies and families with kids.
4	A talented group of guys!We decided to see this show located at the Quad.  I hadn't heard of them before but apparently they were finalist on America's Got Talent.  Before going into the theater, they ask guests to pick a 'percussion' item such as a pot or lid to drum on.  With as many children who attend this show, it gets loud before it even starts!The show is a combination of them playing along with various rock songs & various solos amongst the group.  At one point there is a drumming battle between two of the guys.  That was definitely entertaining.  Towards the end of the show they hand out warm chocolate chip cookies!  Different but I wasn't complaining.  Overall it is entertaining and especially good for families to enjoy.
4	Good for kids to attend. High energy show with audience participation. I would suggest asking for the free earbuds to drown out the high-pitched / shrill noise from the audience instruments that are available to play along with. A little too much talking throughout the show but a nice personal story nonetheless. Good clean family entertainment.
5	Saw the show with the family tonight and it was better than even my lofty expectations. The kids had a blast right along with the adults. Not only are these guys truly talented but they are also down to earth and approachable. They came out after the show and mingled with the audience, signed memorabilia and took photos. I highly recommend the show and will definitely see it again.
5	Great for families with kids. Loud, fun, funny and interactive. I would not recommend it for the older folks, say 65 and up. Great value. I got a good discount from Travelzoo. The drinks before the show are reasonably priced. I participated by being a volunteer and went on stage and actually won some nice headphones which was cool too.
5	This was such an unexpectedly awesome show!  I figured it would be like the poor man's STOMP.   ok... kinda, sorta, but not really.These guys are very talented and very entertaining.  I was standing and clapping the whole time.Especially fun points were: Random cookie time and the Dance offI won't ruin it for you.  Just go to the show.  You'll love it!!
4	This show is totally random, but it's definitely a good time!Before you walk in you'll get an "instrument" of your choice. This could be anything from a pot or oxygen tank to bang on, or a shaker of sorts. It can get a little loud before the show starts with everyone testing out their instrument, so don't come if you have a headache! My table was a lot of fun because we had a few skilled drummers, so they had a little jam session before the show that actually sounded pretty good! As for these tables you sit at, they're nice for  setting your instrument on, but not all the chairs are optimally situated. I had to turn my chair away from the table, otherwise I would have been staring at a wall. While the instruments were a lot of fun to play around with, I felt like they could have incorporated the audience a little better in the show. There was really only one time when the audience was signaled to play along with the performers. The performance itself was high energy and a lot of fun! Like I said, certain parts were a little random, but who doesn't love a random chocolate chip cookie break?! This is a great show for all ages, so it can be fun for a family outing or even a date!
5	Awesome show!!! Fantastic show!! Thank you Recycled Percussion!  This is my first time going to Las Vegas and I went with my mom and her older friends. I didn't know what to except when I went in since my mom's friends bought us the tickets when we booked our trip to Vegas. Sure I looked up some videos before I came to the show and it looked interesting enough but they did NO JUSTICE at all! The whole experience alone was probably one of my best time in Vegas! No actually scratch that, it is one of the best time I've ever had at any show! I love going to different shows and performances and I've been to my fair handful kind of them too, and that is saying something for my friends and family.  They had a great interaction with the crowd and naturally all of them were like-able if not love-able! I won't spoil any surprises for anyone but you won't leave without a smile on your face! My mom is coming back to Vegas with my dad in November and is going to take him to this show and I'm incredibly jealous! I might need to book a second trip just to be able to watch the show again! I'm kinda bummed I didn't get any merch since my group needed to leave right after. But all their profit of merchandise go to their own charity to fight against bullying. I'll just have to go again to purchase some!
4	Great show! I like how active they were with the audience. Recommended if you would like to see something different with a rock and roll twist!
4	DIdnt know what to expect going to this show.  Only show that I have seen while in Vegas.  We went due to the price ($20 discount tixs on smartervegas.com).  Thought it might be mostly them playing the drums the whole time, but show was suprisingly interactive and funny.  You are given an instrument to bring in and to bang on while viewing the performance.  The show kept my intrest and the interest of my party the whole time.  They thanked me a great deal after seeing the show.  Only two segments I didnt enjoy because they didnt make sense in my opinion.
5	I am a Concierge in Las Vegas and I see a lot of shows. Besides making me read it was a great show. Great for families. Get your seats in the both tables or front row tables better for actually seeing the show. The boys are a lot of fun and seem not to take life to seriously. They are also very into charity and do a lot around Las Vegas for children. Take you and your kids to the show just because they care about them
4	PROS : fun, high energy and interactive showgreat for families and groupsthe guys are really talented!free cookies!*dance off!great choice of musicCONS : gets really loud (ha)* not everyone gets cookies drinks are a bit pricey (but strong!)TIPS : choose the booth tables!OVERALL : We didn't know anything about this show or the group going in as we don't watch AGT (or any of those talent shows for that matter), so we didn't really know what to expect.  We soon found out it was going to be very loud.  Upon arrival, you're given a choice between pots/pans and drumsticks or a rattle/shaker  as your "instrument". While waiting for the show to begin LOTS of people (mostly kids) were already banging away. Kind of annoying, but what can you do?The show itself was a lot of fun. The guys were great, definitely talented and the skits were funny. There is some audience interaction/participation as well so that adds to the fun factor.  The night we attended there was a marriage proposal on stage! Props to that guy for being creative, heh.Overall, I highly recommend this show especially if you're in Vegas with family or just want to catch a nice PG show.  What's also great is all the funds from their merchandise goes to charity.
5	I'm not going to deduct points because it's loud before the show (and VERY loud during the show lol), I mean the show has the word "percussion" in the title. But this show is so much fun! I can't wait to take my mom when she comes out in December. My husband and I went on a Tuesday night and I was surprised at how full it was. We never watched AGT, so we had no idea at all what this show was about, but we were pleasantly surprised at how much energy this show has. It's definitely a "must see" if you're in town on vacation (or even if you're locals like we are). I can't say enough good things about this show. *Just don't get stuck sitting next to the 3 years old banging relentlessly on the pot for 30 min before the show :)
4	I can't believe I went to a loud rock show....and I can't wait to go back. We bought these tickets as a treat for our 4 daughters . They loved the show and so did we...especially the "RANDOM COOKIE BREAK".  So much fun.
4	We got free tickets to go see this so we had no expectations.. BUT .... we had a great fun time! Just let your hair down and bang away!! Great fun for kids
2	Sorry R.P. but I cannot consciously contribute to your campaign to end bullying as long as you choose to discriminate towards who gets to come up on stage with you.CAUTION: SLIGHT SPOILER ALERTI've seen R.P. twice now about a year and a half apart. Each show they pre choose ten people who get to go up on stage for a skit. Knowing this, before the second show I asked for stage passes only to be told, "sorry, we've given them all out". Ten minutes later I see a guy walk in with a stage pass. Obviously I was lied to because neither my wife or I fit into their age and/or ethnic group (I am a 47 year old white male my wife a 49 year old Asian).Each show ten people are picked to go up on stage. In two shows I have seen of those ten people (twenty all together) they all fit into one category: Age 18-30. All male. 19 of 20 were white. Not one female picked. Not one Asian (the audience to second time was at least 25% Asian). Nothing except white guys between 18-30 with one exception (middle eastern).If this is the way R.P. wants to be known, fine, just don't expect anybody but young white males to contribute to your charity.
4	I didnt even know where these guys were from! America's Got Talent!! I'm taking Hunnie Bunnie to this show... It is noisey! These guys are talented and fun though and it was a great show for the two of us to see! The best part?! Coooookies! Lol! They have some random cookie time where they pass out cookies to the audience and they were actually GOOD. HAHA. This show is great too because walking in they give you a recycled pot or pan to bang on... AND there are complimentary EAR PLUGS available as well!!
2	I thought this was a rather underwhelming show. Perhaps it was the crowd, but perhaps it was the performers. Either way, this felt low energy for me. You get instruments and ear plugs before being seated. The ear plugs were appreciated. The instrument I got (a beat up water bottle with rocks in it) was played for maybe 10 seconds during crowd participation. Yes, yes, there were cookies. There was okay music. All of this happened in between the main guy's haughty commentary and mocking of the participants. He ached and groaned about the "way things used to be." This whole experience just wasn't for me.
5	AMAZING. This show made my trip to Vegas worthwhile.  Great act, lots of interaction and individuality.  The show is great for all ages and keeps you entertained.  I would definitely see it again.
5	This show was so amazing and entertaining. Loved it and so did the kids aged 5-7 that were with us.  Definitely go to this and take kids - earplugs are a good idea!
1	We were hoping this show would be more like STOMP which is a clever percussion group playing household and recycled items with different rhythms and sounds. Sadly, it was not. It was mainly two drummers who actually played their instruments well and the other two, guitarist and keyboard player who pretended to do so. There were times they had their hands over their heads clapping while the sounds of their instruments were playing ... LOL. So, it was definitely pre-recorded. A few times the main drummer would go into monologues (time fillers) that were uninspiring, though he tried to be. At the end of the show, he gives another chat about ol' high school days when "tongues touched tongues". Most of the audience were young kids and parents, family-based. So, some of his commentary was inappropriate. The skit with the guests on stage was long and boring. All in all, if the show was kept to decent music making and less talk, it would have lasted only 45 minutes. It was 90 minutes. I guess you can't leave Vegas without going to at least one cheezy show. And, this was it.
5	My husband and I saw this show 11/12/2014. It was amazing. These guys are incredibly talented. The opening act was incredible. They are so high energy and seem to be really nice guys. It is very loud and there is a moderate level of audience participation. Totally recommend seeing this show!
3	It's loud!If you love STOMP, you'll love this (most likely).If you didn't love STOMP, then you'll probably want to pass on this.  It's entertaining enough but not my first choice for entertainment.The guys are cute and they seem nice and talented.  It's not exactly like STOMP because it's a bit more comedic, but I'd put the two in the same genre and it's not really my cup of tea.
4	I was entertained from the moment it started to the end!FUN! FUN! FUN!The boys are super talented, so lively, and that fact they they are super sexy does not hurt either! In trying to find a fun show to bring my parents to while visiting LV, this was recommended. They had a blast. The show wisely has a little bit of something for all generations.My only complaint is the way the seating is set up. You are basically sitting at a 10' side-by-side banquet table craning over everyones heads to try to see the show. The stage is actually lower than the seats, so sadly, we missed the bottom 2/3 of a lot of show when they were on stage. When they were on the platforms, and raised up, there was no issue. My Mom who is shorter, sometimes could not even see the tops of their heads. This is not a reflection on the show, more of a theater logistical issue, and trying to sqeeeeeeze as many people in as possible! Over-all. Loved it, and if we have friends who want to see it, I will ask for tickets that you can actually be able to see the show. Worth the extra $$!
5	Amazingly talented group, funny and creative. Great show! I've seen it 3 times now and it never gets old! Highly recommend seeing at least once! Lots of audience participation fun for all ages!
