3	2 stars for service, 3 for the food and for 4 for decor.This Carlos and Pepes is brand new, decorated with beautiful colors and ecletic knick knacks. I loved the old wooden doors framed on the wall, the surf board type counter, barber chair, and flip flops hanging from the bar.However, I was not impressed with this new opening, the entire staff needs to get their act together. Service was extremely slow. We had lunch around 12:30 on Friday August 7, place was only half full, we waited 40 mins before being served water and chips/salsa, which we had to ask for.Once the food came along, the portion looked tiny and not what we had in mind. Apparently, their "enchiladas" are just small, soft tacos folded in half. They are not the generous rolls you're supposed to get like EVERY SINGLE picture on Google shows what a true enchilada is.Also I found a piece of bone that was an inch wide in my beef. After complaining to the manager, he had to give us a discount on our meal.Half the stuff was missing on our plate, we were supposed to get salad, beans and sour cream, it all came separately and despite ordering the exact same thing, my bf's dish had an extra touch of garnish, mine didn't. That just goes to show how there's lacking attention to detail in the kitchen.Food was good, although if I compare it to their biggest competitor, I've been to all the 3 Amigos locations many times, service is always fast, they turn tables around quickly, food is cheaper and tastier. Plus, they are also opening up in Laval soon!Won't be going back to Carlos anytime soon - give them time to establish themselves.
3	I was so excited to come to this place since I found out they were coming to Laval. The first time I tried to go the line was so long outside that we turn around. This time I came during an off night during the week and it was a good choice because the place was not really busy.The decor is amazing and the place was pretty clean. The music was very loud actually it was a little too loud because I couldn't hear what my boyfriend was telling or even hear the waitress. The service was pretty slow and it also took a while for us to get an English menu.Huge drink menu and my man had a beer and I took some kind of pina colada and it was very good. It was cheap fajitas night so my boyfriend tried that and we both loved it. I had a spicy fish taco with a mango slaw and that was amazing as well the only thing I didn't enjoy was that awful rice it was mushy and tasted like tomato. Also love the fact that they have so many hot sauce to choose from right at the table.I will go back again for drinks and food for sure
4	My family is vegetarian and the food was amazing! We found our new fav Mexican food place in Laval! The music was loud and the place was happening. But there are booths available where a family can sit and have an amazing meal away from the speakers. Was disappointed with the spiceness level of their table sauces (4 kinda) and had to pay $1.50 extra for the hotter sauce. However the spicy(on request) vege burrito was delicious! My soft taco with cactus and avocado was savory and the spinach and cheese enchiladas was zesty! Will definitely come back.
