5	Fat and calorie conscious eaters beware! This is one time when blotting the grease of your pizza just isn't worth it. Mineo's pies are succulent, flavorful, crispy delicious-ness.If you're wondering how pizza can make your life more meaningful, try their white pizza.
5	No one believes me when I say the best pizza is in Pittsburgh, but it's true. Hard to choose between Mineo's and Aiello's.  But from this far away, I would say it's a tie.
5	Ok, this is definitely my favorite pizza joint of all time, and you know that you are truly special to me when I take you there.  Unfortunately, it's very far away from me now, but I make it a point to stop there for some pizza when I am back in da Burgh.  Their pizza is so good that I am getting hungry writing about it.  Oozing with cheese and sauce and they are very generous with the toppings.  The decor has always been the same, and the babies that they have decked out in Pens gear must be in their 20s now, but the pizza is consistently awesome!Cash only!
2	The most over-rated pizza in Pittsburgh.  Many people claim it to be the best, when really Aiellos is much much better, but does not get nearly enough credit.I don't understand why people like Mineo's so much.  There sauce does not have much flavor, their crust is average, and the cheese is standard.  I have eaten pizza all over the world and would take Aiellos over Mineo's in a heartbeat.
5	Probably anyone from a good pizza town will tell you about their favorite hometown pizza.  Well, this is mine.  It's just different.  The crust is distinctive.  The mounds of cheese are distinctive.  The sauce has cocaine in it or something.  I just really love it.  There are other great pizzas out there, but something is just different about Mineo's.  Maybe it's because I have been eating it for 30 years.  I dunno.
5	This is one of the things I miss most from Pittsburgh. I think Mineo's is my all time favorite pizza. I only lived in the 'burgh for 4 years during college, but Mineo's will always be in my heart - or at least I'm sure it has had some long term affect on my heart. :)
5	Mineo's has quickly become one of my favorite pizza places in Pittsburgh.  I usually only go here for slices, because ordering a full pie is too many calories to have around the house (and my wife is pretty much vegan so she doesn't go for the cheese...)What makes their pizza stand out from other pizza places is that is tastes homemade.  Their crust is fabulous and crispy and their sauce is fantastic.  Plus, they are open late and most people in Mineo's are quite nice!I am updating my listing to add the following:If you go to Mineos, bring cash.  They don't accept credit cards!
5	Mineo's is hands down the best pizza I have ever eaten. Pittsburgh has almost as many pizza shops per square mile as bars and churches, but none of them can compare to Mineo's. There's nothing like sliding into one of their oddly uncomfortable booths with a few friends, grabbing a grape soda from the machine and lovingly dabbing the grease off the top of a Mineo's pizza.
4	Great pizza smack in the middle of Squirrel Hill Pittsburgh.  I definitely liked their made to order pizzas which gave me a nice nostalgic reminder of NYC pizzerias while at school in Pittsburgh, and as such, the best pizza I had in Pittsburgh.  Not for the grease haters, but man, they can serve up a great pie.
4	One of the best pizzas ever eaten  and I LOVE pizza!!!  I miss it!  The pepperonni underneath the cheese is amazing..greasy n all.  Great for when you're hungover from a night out in Da Burgh...yum!
4	It took me a long time to "get" this place. Like 5 years. I don't love spicy tomato sauce on a pizza (and this is spicy and oregano-y) and the crust is bright yellow!! But in time I found I loved this pizza. Quality ingredients, a fair deal, quick, fresh pies, BYOB, a friendly, low-key atmosphere.  Strange, and definitely Pittsburgh.UPDATE: I can't believe I forgot to mention the amazing discovery I had right before I left Pittsburgh - the tiramisu at Mineo's is pretty good. Maybe a little too sweet, but it does not taste like the fridge. At this price, and in this town (sad but true), that's saying a lot. For example, at the famous Dish the desserts taste like the fridge.Oh, and the ice cream is not exactly quality, but I liked it. If you are serious about mint, the peppermint patty is an experience.
2	I just don't get what people like about this place.  I am not a pittsburgh native, but shortly after moving to squirrel hill I had three out-of-state friends come visit and so I decided to try out the famous Mineo's pizza I had heard so much about.We all ate a slice or two with no one commenting on the pizza, until finally, one person said what had been on all of our minds: "hey, this isn't very good".  We all agreed, and we didn't even finish the pizza.  Just too much cheese and an overall low-quality taste.Maybe we got a bad batch, I don't know, but I was completely unimpressed by this Pittsburgh legend.  On another note, one of my friends really likes to go there for a late night ice cream.
5	A classic pizza parlor (it was even featured in Life Magazine) that serves up some of the best slices of pizza I've had.  Yes, you'll want to dab off some of the grease with a napkin, but the crust is perfection and the sauce has a wonderful, gentle spicy kick.
5	Yum, always good pizza.  Sq Hill and Mt. Lebo locations are both good to stop at.  I know the Mt. Lebanon location sells cuts, I don't remember if Sq. Hill does or not?  I like the plain, but the white is good as well
1	I have been dying to try Mineo's for two years. Finally, after helping my girlfriend and her roommate move into their new apartment we decided to treat ourselves to Mineo's.We go in, its pretty busy, order two pizzas, one cheese and one pepperoni and we wait about 15 minutes (the place is very busy as expected) and voila we get them.I have never been so overwhelmed by so much cheese and grease in my life. Two feelings came over me after eating 1 slice of Mineo's pizza: I was going to fall on the floor and die of an immediate heart attack and the other, I felt like a fat greasy pig. The pepperoni was covered in 2 thick layers of greasy cheese, it must have been 5 inches thick. Ummm, gross!!!
5	My favorite pizza on Earth, period. I've been in the Bay for almost 5 years and I still haven't found any place I like as much (the person who said Pizza My Heart was better should be committed to a mental institute). Any time I'm back in Pittsburgh I have to stop by for a few slices. As of my review, I'm the 8th person from the Bay Area writing a review, so I guess my experience isn't that unique.When you walk in Mineo's, you immediately understand your in a classic family pizza parlor. Magazine awards and reviews line every wall. There's pictures of family members at various stages of growth. Tables and tiles with color patterns right out of 1983. And an Italian guy vying for the "Mario Look-alike" contest behind the counter tossing a pizza crust. Perfect.As for the pizza, it's a little messy and a little on the greasy side, which is the only downside. To that end, it's a little bit of a guilty pleasure, but so worth it. A hand-tossed crust, topped with a slightly sweet tomato sauce. Toppings will sometimes be under the cheese which is a unique touch, although I'm not quite sure what the purpose it--but who cares. Cheese is in a thick layer, but quite tasty and flavorful.Everyone in Pittsburgh has their personal favorite of the pizza places on this block and will defend their choice feverishly. I'm Mineo's through and through.
3	People who rave about this place either remember it fondly from years gone by or don't know any better. I used to eat here when I was young, but its quality has slipped.  The sauce is OK, as another reviewer said, but he was right:  the crust could be better. The quality of the cheese is okay also. The pizza tends to be a little  overbaked here.  Still, it is not a bad choice.
5	A perfect pizza pie!  I wish we had this is California.  The pizza in So. Cal sucks.  Anyways, great service, perfect pizza.
5	Mineo's  is the Best Pizza I've had so far!   I'm from the D.C Metro area and I've raved and raved about this place! the crust and the sauce is awsome some say it' s too cheesey but I love cheese so thats how I like it !  and there are many good pizza places in Pittsburgh something D.C.  lacks and it's all that gormet shitty ass California pizza  kitchen based bullshit pizza! and when it'  tryed to come close to traditonial it's either okay or cardboard! and what the fuck do you people know about greasey pizza come down to DC taste the difference you'd be crying for Mineos in a minute! or any other pizza place in pittsburgh!  In DC We are known for our Latino and Asian Resturants in pittsburgh it's your italian Resturants and Pizzarias  and subshops! Be proud yall got  better Italian food up there !   Just as I'm proud of our  Latino and Asian places!
5	Hands down, Mineo's has the best pizza in Pittsburgh, if not the country.  The pizza is perfect, with a thick layer of cheese and a thin crispy crust.  I dig the pepperoni the most, as its baked under the cheese and combines perfectly with it.  Their sausage is also mad good.  If you're ever in Pittsburgh, stop here.  You don't even need to go anywhere else.
1	I mean, the pizza is edible, but not worth the calories.  Boring, nasty, wouldn't go there again.
2	Meh.My friends rave about this place & all of its awards.  I don't see what the big deal is.  The sauce is good, but there's way too much cheese.Good for a late night snack is nothing else but Eat n Park is open, but they're so slow!  The trick to eating the pizza is waiting 5 minutes for it to cool first, otherwise the cheese will never stay on - unfortunately, when the pizza takes 20 minutes to get to the table at midnight, another 5 minutes seems like forever.
3	It's a toss-up. It seems that a lot great, low-cost restaurants with high patronage and lots of awards in this area have one big thing in common: GREASE. The pizza tasted great, but I could feel my arteries clogging as we ate, and I think the only reason I let myself eat the whole slice was because I knew I'd be going for a long, intense bike ride afterward.
2	If this is the best pizza in Pittsburgh, I'm preparing to be sorely disappointed by this town.  I just moved in a few blocks away and thought I'd check it out, since everyone's been saying this is the best in town.  These guys must be coasting on their reputation, because I would have been better off walking up to Giant Eagle and buying a frozen pizza.  The crust is good, and the sauce is okay, but the cheese and pepperoni were just plain nasty.  On top of that, the seating area is dirty - I was there 30 minutes and didn't see anyone come out to wipe down tables, and this was on a moderately busy Saturday evening.  The service is pretty snippy, too, and they only take cash.  Not really any bright spots here.
4	I'm originally from the midwest, so I have an affection for deep dish.  I dislike most nyc style pizzas.  I don't know if you would call mineos nyc style, but its the best east coast pizza I've eaten since I've been here.  the crust had more flavor than other places I've been too, the cheesy is thick and gooey and the pepperoni plentiful, all great. The place is kinda messy, but for a 50yr old establishment I've seen worse.
5	BEST greasy, cheesy, gooey pizza evarrrrrr!  Definitely hits the spot when I'm in search for a pizza fix.  The pizza does taste much better if eaten at the joint hot out of the oven since the crust will be crispy, but the quality and taste aren't exactly all that jeopardized if it's taken to go.  Either way, the sausage pizza definitely tantalizes my taste buds!
2	Not as wonderful as natives to these parts make it out to be. Plus what is with the baby slices? A big let down if you ask me...
3	Growing up this place was a 10 star. 3 years ago this place was at least a 4 1/2 if not 5. Now like all good things Mineo's quality has come to an end. It was and has always been a dirty little spot. The dirt  makes it taste better. But the sausage on my pie was chewy and weird. Like I got the cheap meat. Sigh... I had waited 3 years. Now this is no longer a special place just your average PGH pie.
2	Mineo's was the first great pizza place in the Squirrel Hill area...now it's mighty questionable.  I agree completely with Hasina D., when I was growing up in Pittsburgh, this place was 10 stars...as I got older, I realized the cheese was way too salty and generally too greasy (as other reviews have noted).  By the time I was a senior in high school, I stopped going here.  Suddenly all of the old smiling staff was gone and hired in their place was a bunch guys who you wouldn't want to turn down a dark alley way and run into.I will sum up a lot of the same complaints that other reviews have also pointed out:- Salty/greasy cheese- Dirty tables/floor/kitchen- Very poor service & attitudeHere's how I'll put it...Would you want to go to the dirty, poorly lit and rude pizza place or the bright, recently renovated, clean place up the block?And the correct answer is: Go to Aiello's instead...it's right up the block.
2	I don't see the attraction. This place DEFINES "living on past glory"For pizza, its not cheap.The pizza doesn't taste all that good and is greasy at best.The place has not been renovated since the 70's and it shows.
5	Still my favorite pizza of all time.  Ok Za in SF is a close runner-up.  Pizza is definitely not for those who are lactose intolerant and they douse the pizza with what seems like a half pound of fresh mozzarella, but it's an amazing treat.  They sell the pizza by the slice, but its not as good as when you order an entire pizza where they bury all the toppings under the cheese.  There must be something about everything baking together that makes it taste so good.  They've been in business for 50 years now so I'm"m definitely in the majority on this one.And yeah, shop hasn't been renovated in decades and the photos of the toddlers on the wall are grown and probably have their own toddlers, but to me it's apart of the charm.  Besides, who goes to a pizza shop for the decor and ambiance?
5	This is the best pizza I have ever had in my life. I've had pizza in NYC (lived there in my youth), Italy, Chicago, you name it, I've hit up the big pizza places.This is by far the best pizza I have ever had in my life. I've been vegetarian for over three years and I still dream about their pepperoni pizza and desperately crave it.A word to the wise. There is no fricken ambiance in this facility. But who the hell asks for ambiance from a pizza joint?Hell, maybe the next time I am in Pittsburgh I will give up giving up meat to eat a pepperoni pie here.Can you get a better endorsement than that? I think not. Go and enjoy the pizza, save some of your crust to dip in the oil that is left. This isn't a health conscious pizza place, but who eats pizza for their health? Splurge and enjoy!
3	As compared to Aiello's Pizza down the street, at least Mineo's looks like a pizza shop! The decor was typical of the kind of pizza places I grew up with, so that was definitely a plus.The pizza itself was decent. Nothing special, but not bad either. If pressed, I would go again, but this certainly wouldn't be a pizza joint I jump for the chance to visit.
2	Cheese was pure solid, too salty, and half an inch thick. Way too greasy, partially from being too cold, partially from just being greasy. Crust was pretty good. A major plus is that it actually looks and feels like a pizza place inside.
5	The best pizza in Pittsburgh besides Vincent's Pizza Park. I always get pepperoni, mushrooms and extra cheese. Their ice cream next door is great as well! Parking can be a pain at times!
5	Best Pizza, bar none, in the city. A gooey, greasy, incredibly flavorful pie (thin crust of course). I used to drive one home all the time when I lived in Ohio. I had to put the pizza in the trunk ('cause in the backseat it was torture driving home). If ya haven't had a "cut", go NOW.
5	best pizza in Pittsburgh. I grew up in chicago and I am definitely picky about my pizza. I love the sauce, they dont skimp on the cheese and the crust is perfect.
2	Two things Mineo's taught me:1) There is such thing as too much cheese.2) Some pizza slices really do need to be blotted.  Normally, I roll my eyes when people blot their pizza--what's pizza without some grease?--but Mineo's slices are an exception. The sauce here is pretty good, but as is the case with the cheese, there's too much of it.  I've burned my finger holding down the cheese as I bite into my slice so I don't end up pulling off all of it.  I thought the crust leaned towards being a little too crispy.I like the paneled walls and the framed photos--check out the Life magazine cover of young Molly Ringwald.  But I don't come to a pizza place for ambiance, so it's not enough to keep me from looking at other places for a superior slice.
5	Mineo's is the Mecca of pizza! I grew up in Pittsburgh on Mineo's and Aiello's and on every return visit, it is a mandatory stop.The cheese is cheesy (100% mozzarella), the sauce is nice and tangy, and the dough is both soft and crusty. Several years ago, they tweaked the crust recipe (with corn flour?), but last time I was in the 'Burgh, the crust was seemingly back to normal.Pittsburgh has the best pizza in the USA!
2	I've been to Mineo's a few times, and each time I experienced the same problems that others have mentioned here.  1) There is TOO MUCH cheese, so much that all the cheese comes off the pizza when I bite into it.  This should not happen.  2) The pizza is way too hot, and since I refuse to sit there for an hour waiting for it to cool off, I always end up burning my mouth and fingers.  Not pleasant.  And the cheese issue is worse when it gets cold, so this is quite a dilemma.  3) The staff isn't very friendly, although I've noticed this isn't exclusive to Mineo's.  A lot of the restaurants in Squirrel Hill seem to have this problem.That said, their sauce is good and the crust is decent.  Last time I was there, I ended up taking off most of the cheese and just eating the crust with sauce on it.I realize this review reads like I hate Mineo's, which is not the case.  It's passable pizza, and good if you are very hungry and don't feel like weighing the pros and cons of each pizza place in Squirrel Hill.  I still haven't been to all of them, so I'm not an expert, but I do know that Mineo's is far from the best.
3	yah, its not bad. but its not great either. everyone kept talking about this place and even some random guy next to me on the plane could not stop raving about it... but i think it gets too soggy really quickly. i definitely like another pizza place in pittsburgh better - village pizza
1	I went to Mineo's today for the 1st time. Everyone RAVES about how GREAT the pizza here is.... So I took my daughter and girlfriend and we ordered a Large Cheese Pizza. It was SUPER greasy and had WAY too much Cheese! I lived in Brooklyn for a few years, I know pizza!! This was horrible! This pizza is in the top 5 WORST pizza's of all time, that is unless you like greasy soggy pizza......
5	When I think about ordering a pizza, it's hard to imagine ordering someplace else. I loooove cheese and Mineo's is quite generous (the cheese is often thicker than the crust). You can always ask them to go easy on the cheese and they'll tone it down. I HIGHLY recommmend getting a white pie with ricotta, tomato, and mozzarella. Dee-lish!!
5	By far the best pizza in Pittsburgh. The crust is perfectly thin, the sauce is great. Too much cheese? Maybe, but thats better than not enough.
5	Coming of age in Squirrel Hill, our crew frequented Mineos multiple times a week. Back in 97' while eating a Mineos Pizza, myself and 3 friends formed a Pizza gang called the Pizza Lovers. We had Pizza Lovers tee shirts made at Bar Mitzvahs that we wore around Squirrel Hill. The shirts had a giant Mineos pizza pie on the front with our four favorite toppings--onions, mushrooms, black olives and green peppers. We were one of Squirrel Hill's most feared Jewish pizza gangs.  For many who grow up in the Burgh' Mineos is the first meal you eat when you come back to town.  There's something about walking into Mineos Pizza House. "Gimme 3 cuts, black olive." You're back home, the home of the Pizza Lovers.
5	They serve up a great slice of pizza. During my last visit to Pittsburgh I ate there three days in a row, one of those days I ate there twice. You will never needs to order extra cheese, I don't even know if you can, because the cheese is just right. It will come off the pizza if you don't take a bite like a man so be warned. Also, it is hot out of the oven so those with dainty mouths needs to give it a second.I would recommend getting a canoli from next door while you wait because they are legit.
5	Mineo's Pizza - A Haiku:Mineo's Pizza.For your cheese and crust, I lust.Bite hard. Cheese spillage. Still, I will NEVER make my own "Pizza Gang" t-shirt.
5	Best pizza in the east end
3	A Pittsburgh native directed me to Mineo's Pizza House, and I'm glad he did. It's definitely a different kind of pizza than we have in California, and we have all kinds of pizza.Cheese is the focus here. When our pepperoni pizza was ready, we picked it up and looked at it. Ummmm, where's the pepperoni? Well, it's hidden under approximately five pounds of cheese.The ingredients are all great. The pepperoni appears to be fresh and hand-cut thick. The cheese had plenty of flavor. The crust was a bit on the soggy side, but good. The sauce did it's job nicely.I guess my complaint was the balance of the ingredients. SImply put, it was just too cheesy for my tastes. It feel like a ton of lead in your stomach, which may be exactly what some people crave. In the end, I was glad I went. I liked the pizza. But, there's no way I'd ever go back. It's just too heavy for me.
5	My favorite pizza in Pittsburgh. Very very thick cheese. Many many toppings. I like meat ball best! Try it!
3	I've got to update my review a little.  To be honest, my husband Rick likes Mineo's a little better than I do.  There are a lot of other pizza shops in Squirrel Hill and my personal preference is Aiello's.  Plus I want to try Lucci's.That said, the pizza here is still good.  It's just that they bury everything under mounds of cheese here.  If you don't like your pizza so cheesy, then this place is not for you.  We decided to hang out in the neighborhood Saturday Night.  Y'know, pizza and then a movie at the Manor.  We ordered ours with pepperoni, onions, and black olives.  Not too bad, but I get very full after just a couple of slices.  They've got sandwiches here.  Maybe one of these days I'll stop in and get me one.
3	It is SO unique.  Provolone vs. Mozz is the key.  This is a cheesey pizza, and hard to classify (not pan, Chicago, or NY... just different).  I come from NY/NJ so I know about good pizza.  This isn't anything like what I get back home, so I won't compare it to NY style.  I simply appreciate how different it is.  Messy, bring some good utensils until the pizza cools off!  (I gotta knock them for the cheapo fork and knives they provide, which melt upon contacting the bubbling cheese).
3	When I remarked I was going to go to Mineo's for the first time last night my neighbor, who has been a Pittsburgh native his whole life growing up in Homewood, told me it's really good pizza but not nearly as good as it use to be. Without having it from before I still kind of get that vibe. It seems like Mineo's makes some okay pizza but mostly rides on the fame it built up from its past.The store is small but you don't really dilly dally so it looks like you can usually find a spot before your pizza is done. We did. I ordered a large pepperoni and sausage and received a pepperoni and mushroom. My girlfriend hates mushrooms but the place was so busy we didn't feel like ordering a new pizza so she picked them off. The crust is "okay". It seems like it's trying to be authentic but was kind of on the dry side. In my opinion a good pizza crust should be crispy on the outside and nice and chewy on the inside.The ingredients were top notch. The mushrooms were good quality and so was the pepperoni. The pepperoni had the full flavor of a true pepperoni. Not that spicy greasy mixture you get from the store or from most pizza places. The cheese was really good and was slightly browned which is cooked better than most places but still not "ideal". The cheese should just be plain dark in some spots. Pizza should be cooked at high heat so give it the texture it was meant to have. However, it still kicks the butt of most places in the city.The once great Mineo's is still great because it's become almost a cultural landmark of Pittsburgh. It's a shame they seem to cut a few corners because it truly is the makings of a great pizza.
2	This place is a solid 2 star joint.  The multiple times I've been here, the pizza has been somewhat inconsistent.  Sometimes it is better than others, but overall it's just not that fantastic.  I think I agree with a lot of the other posts that it rides on its past fame.  I always end up going back though because my friends insist that we go there for a few slices.  So I'll be honest, if it's put in front of my face, I will not hesitate to eat it.  However, there are plenty of other better options for pizza in and around the Burgh.
5	My personal favorite.  I have nothing bad to say about this place, apart from the higher cost, but you get what you pay for.  The crust is very good, but the toppings are what makes the pizza.  Mineo's doesn't skimp on their cheese/toppings.  At first glance, I wondered, where are all the toppings I ordered!?  Not to worry, they were all burried in the heaps of cheese on this wonderful pie.  The pepperoni was a little on the salty side, but quite tasty.  While it is expensive, it's very filling too!  I could normally eat half a large to myself easy.  I bring over one of these pies, and there's still leftovers between the three of us (hungry guys mind you)
1	Maybe it's because I'm from Jersey, so I grew up around real pizza from NJ and NYC... I don't understand the hype over this place. They put way too much cheese on the pizza, the pepperoni is TINY, and the taste is just no big deal. And for what you get, it's WAY too expensive, as is most pizza around here.Also, what's with every pizza place in Pittsburgh cutting their pies into more than 8 slices? How am I supposed to fold the pizza to eat it?
2	The Pizza is above average for Pittsburgh but that is not saying much for Pittsburgh pizza.  It does not even compare to pizza from New York or Chicago but takes a close second to a DiGiorno pizza.
4	After three days or so of being bedridden sick, and unable to eat solid food, Mineo's was my first solid food meal.  Wise? Not really, no.  Probably should have had toast or jello or something.  But hopped up on meds and ravenously hungry, the idea of what some call "Pittsburgh's best" pizza-wise was a siren calling to me from afar.  Dangerous, but irresistible.I ended up having no trouble eating it, actually, so I got lucky there. Is this the best pizza I've ever had? No.  Was it pretty good? Yep!The cheese was laid on a bit thick for my tastes, but other than that it was pretty delicious.  I really didn't see what was terribly remarkable about it, though.  To me, it was a decent pizza, but not a reason to celebrate.  So that's my take on this Squirrel Hill staple.  'Tain't bad, but 'tain't life-changing, either.
4	I recently did a pizza crawl through squirrel hill with a friend, where we hit every single one of squirrel hill's 7 pizzerias, and got a slice of pepperoni pizza at each one in a row!  Our favorite of all of them?  Mineos!  It's like loading a shotgun full of delicious cheeses and pulling the trigger.  Their pizza is all around good, but it's primarily a righteous cheese delivery system, and a cheese lovers delight!
1	Way too greasy for my taste. I like some grease on my pizza but not to the point where the pizza box is falling apart because it is drenched in grease, yuck! The cheese they use isn't so tasty either. I'm all about the cheese and it was so bad I ended up taking it off. That's no way to eat a pizza! Next time I will try Aiello's.
4	I grew up eating  this pizza. It's very good. I think it's better when you order it by the cut instead of a whole pie. Its crispier & the toppings are on top instead of under the cheese  it's definitely pretty expensive and not pizza for eating every day. But it's quite good& enjoyable
1	For all the hype, Mineo's struggles.  I usually appreciate a family-owned old- time pizza place that's renowned as any city's "best of.". However, this is not up to par for their reputation.  It's a cash only place and a large cheese pizza will set you back over 17 dollars. If we ordered our usual two-topping pizza, I would have needed to find an ATM machine.  The overall taste of the pizza was average, comparable with any other standard neighborhood pizza joint.  I wanted Mineo's to be delicious because I live close by but the price and the lackluster flavor was a disappointment.  The pizza proved that there is such a thing as too much of a good thing as the cheese flavor overwhelmed the entire pie in a very unsatisfying way.  Why anyone would ship one of their pizzas out of state is simply beyond me.
2	I heard that Mineo's had some of the best pizza in Pittsburgh, but it did not live up to that. I had it delivered, so maybe that's where I went wrong, but overall it was still pretty bad. The flavor was good and I liked how they put the toppings below the cheese. On each slice though there was about 1/3 of inch of cheese, while the dough was barely existent. Just too much cheese. Also, it seems to be a Pittsburgh practice to not cook a pizza through, and Mineo's followed suit. So the thick cheese and soft dough kind of had the same consistency. Just not good pizza. And not to sound arrogant, but I'm from NY, and I might have a high bar for good pizza. Still though, I've had better pizza than this in Pittsburgh.
3	i am NOT afraid to give a 3 star review to a pizza place that I think is good.This place is good. probably the best in Pittsburgh (somebody tell me otherwise please) but you know how doggin a slice and searching for records is synonymous- so after Jerrys, you gotta go how and try this sliceOk- the crust and bread is pretty good- above average, and WELL above average for Rust Belt slices. Sauce is sub par- but not bad. cheese has a good taste- but no surprise here TOO MUCH- always too cheesy in this part of the country. I guess just lots of big folks who like to fill up on two slices.Also, when buying a slice- it is cheap- but it took three medium sized CHOMPS and this small slice was in my large intestines. and im POLISH! you know what I mean?!
4	Mineo's serves a unique style of Pizza. It's not the type of pizza you will find in most of the of the other joints in the 'bugh. It's very good, just different. Let me describe it for you: The crust is neither too thick or to thin and is quite flaky and soft. The sauce also is pretty standard, but the difference comes with the cheese and toppings. At Mineos the pepperoni is actually placed under the cheese. And there is not just a couple pieces sporadically tossed over the pie, but instead the entire thing is covered with thick sliced pepperoni. To top it off the cheese is layered on like an inch thick. I've never seen so much cheese on a pizza before. And it is greasy, I'm talking grease ponds pooling on the slices. For my tastes it is great, but i can see why other people don't like it. Have a gallon of water handy after you finish eating. Every time I eat here I am thirsty or hours afterwards. Like most pizza places you either love it or hate it.A large one topping isn't cheap, something like 20 dollars. But in my opinion well worth the extra 5 dollars to support a local restaurant instead of some chain.
4	Really excellent crust. I particularly like the white pizza with spinach.  They sell a lot of pizza here and for good reason.
2	Ordered takeout from here the day before we moved out of town - so we had no chairs in our apartment, and needed something we could eat quickly, standing up against a counter.  PIzza made the most sense!  Since Mineo's is a classic Pittsburgh pizza joint, we thought we should finally check it out.I trudged over in the snow to pick up our pizzas, which were about $20 each for a large with 1-2 toppings.  The counter staff was extremely friendly and gave me all the extra plates and silverware I needed because ours was all packed.  I carried them back to our apartment where we opened them up, and saw that the cheese had sort of....swirled around messily in the center of the pizzas.  As if the cheese wasn't firmly attached to the crust, but sort of a loose, amorphous being with a mind of its own.  I immediately started apologizing, fearing that I had tilted the pizzas while I was carrying them, but then one of our friends said "No, that's how it always is from Mineo's."  Um, okay.  Kind of weird, but at least it wasn't my fault!The pizza was tasty, but very messy.  It didn't really stay uniform and attached, with globs of cheese sliding off the crust into the middle of the box.  People would pull out a slice and suddenly realize they only had crust and sauce because everything else was gone.  It's like there's too much cheese for such a thin crust, it can't support the weight!So it was definitely knife and fork pizza, but it was decent-tasting.  Pretty standard.  But I have to say - GROSSLY overpriced for what you get.  And thus the two stars.  If this pizza was like...$7 less per pie, I'd give it 3 stars.  But seriously - it's just ridiculous.  It really was totally average, but they charge you like it's made of gold.   I truly do not understand what makes this such a lauded pizza place.
2	I sort of feel my heart breaking writing this review. The hype and love for Mineo's Pizza is stuff of Pittsburgh legend. I know not all pizza is for everyone, I personally am a fan of a style of pizza many people hate: thin flakey pastry crust with sweet sauce, but these sounded like straight forward delicious quintessential Pittsburgh pizza.Having a car is truly expanding my pizza horizons in this city. Branching out to neighborhoods and pizzerias outside of delivery and walking range is amazing. One evening we decided to finally experience the mythical Mineo's. I called ahead and the girl who answered the phone was polite, informative, and quick. I always like to try a plain Jane cheese pizza to truly test a pizzeria. A large plain cheese pizza was $17. I was floored. That's more expensive then a specialty large or extra large at most other places. I still placed the order, as by this point I needed to know.The boyfriend dropped me off and I ran in to get the pizza. The interior reminds me of a pizza place I loved in my youth. Orange booths. Wooden walls. Dark interior. The smell of the pizza was UNREAL good. I actually found myself salivating. The employees were friendly and I was in and out in no time.Once home we sat down to assess this masterpiece we'd purchased. A fluffy crust, almost too much cheese (which is hard for me to say because I love cheese), nicely browned. It looked great. Upon tasting though, I couldn't believe it; so salty. It was overpowering and seemed to be coming from the cheese itself not the sauce. In all it wasn't a bad pizza, and the second day was much better than fresh which isn't really a good thing (no matter how much I love what the boyfriend and I call "tomorrow slices"). I may stop in for a slice here and there if I'm in the area, but I don't think I'd ever pay those prices for a whole pizza again. I don't think Mineo's lives up the the hype.
5	Best pie on the planet!  The reviews that claim it's more nostalgic than anything and if you don't know "real" pizza... blah blah blah.  I've traveled the world and have had "pizza" all over the globe, including Rome (which doesn't even use much cheese unless you go for a cheesy pizza).  Nostalgic?  Absolutely!!  But, I've had NY pizza and like it very much too, but it is no Mineo's, it is a skinny delicate thing that NEEDS to be folded or you'll chip your teeth before you hit substance.  You simply can not fold Mineo's, it's too rich full of goodies.  It'd be like complaining that you can't fold a lasagne.    It is a cross between a Chicago deep dish and a New York thin pizza.    I had an old GF from that area that used to put 15 or so napkins on top of the freshly made pie to sop up the oily juice. LOL  It is a hard pie to pick up since it has so much cheese, sauce and fillings.What makes the place amazing for me is the pepperoni pizza.  The pepperonis are so pepper filled and spicy and overly abundant, under the cheese, that the spicyness  becomes a part of the slice, instead of simply on top of it.I live in Lauderdale now, but maybe the pizza is so rich because, yes, they do grow us bigger there and it is colder, so a rich meal sustains us throughout the winter.  (summer too. LOL)If you love their pies then you do.  If it is too much for you, then go for the dainty NY skinny stuff.Pizza is a name, not a recipe, other than it's round.  Oh yeah, some are square.  Nevermind.
3	Sauce good, but minimal meat toppings on our pizza. Expensive drinks and beer.
5	I love this pizza!American classic pizza!!!Every time I visit  Pittsburgh this stop becomes a staple!The sauce is amazing!Everything is made fresh, in house.They even grate the cheese them self!
5	Ok , I finally made it out to Squirrel Hill , I had to pay Mineo's a visit. Man , I missed This Pizza ! It is still one of my all time favorites. I ordered a large cheese pizza to go , and they told me 20 min. Well after 45 min , My Pie was finally done. Seems like a really long time to make a pizza , but honestly , after getting home and taking my first bite , all was forgiven.I did get to see a few other places on Murray & Forbes that I gotta try soon. I wanted to go to Jerry's records & a electronic repair shop , but they were closed at 8:00. Maybe next time I order a Pizza from Mineos , I'll use the 45 min. to buy some old records. ( If I can find my old record player.)
4	When I come home to visit, its tradition, to order a couple of pies. The best pizza in Pittsburgh, my personal opinion! Parking at the Squirrel Hill location is rough. Usually its best to park around the corner when there is no parking available on Murray Avenue. Oh yes, bring cash this location doesn't take any type of plastic!
2	Had this pizza for an office party. Since the person who bought it did carry-out, I guess one can take this review with a grain of salt, seeing as I have no idea how long the pizza took to make, how long it sat out, etc. The options were Hawaiian, cheese, and pepperoni, which was really more like a cheese pizza with the occasional pepperoni in the proverbial haystack. The crust was just so thick, and it seemed like the whole thing was just cheese and bread. This made it taste relatively good within the first five minutes of eating, but eventually turned into a force feeding-I had read such fantastic reviews about the pizza, so I wanted to like it.  The saving grace was probably the sauce-I'm a fan of the sweet stuff, so it was exactly how I liked it.
3	I wanted to love it. I had a friend who lives in Wexford who raged about Mineo's. I live in Morningside so how could I not make it down to Mineos. It just was not that great. I feel really guilty for the three stars, but in a city with 1,000+ pizza places I am just not sure this is really the best of the best or even worth the trip out of your way. I will visit again because I mentioned I wanted to love and just simply ended up feeling sad that cheese slid right off the pizza when I tried to eat it.
2	I wanted to rate it 1 star, but the selection of beer/ice cream saved them. Started with the large pepperoni, and that's where I finished with mineo's. The cheese is overbearing, doesn't stick to anything which almost forces you to eat with a fork and knife. On top of that it takes like chuckie cheese and you don't even get to play any games! The pepperoni wasn't cooked well, and the sauce was less than expected. Just about the only thing that raised an eye was the dough, but not enough to bring me back. This place also had all of their, 'awards', hanging around, and hasn't won anything meaningful in ~7 years. The management weeny unnoticed; the front end was very rude. I'm surprised they even found the drink I asked for, or even gave us plastic ware. At $19.90, rip off indeed. I do not even recommend trying this terrible pizza shop under it's current conditions. And parking is a disaster!
4	After having Bellasario's pizza in West Mifflin that I did not like, I was looking to try some in my favorite place so far (I'm new to the 'burgh, was born here but not raised, and I am eyes wide- small town girl in a big city) Squirrel Hill. I initially set out to get something to eat then it turned into a Jerry's run (I lost the three dollars change he gave me. LOL) and as I was approaching Jerry's I saw someone walk down Murray Ave with awesome smelling pizza. I went up Murray Ave after I got my vinyl fix and found Mineo's. I ordered two slices with mushrooms and bacon and it was, so far, the best pizza I have ever had and that's saying something, as Harrisburg had Mama's on 2nd Street downtown.I noticed all the accolades on the wall near where I was sitting and they were all older but I am sure well deserved. Someone here said that it was much better a long time ago though I wasn't here so I can't compare it. 4 stars because I have not been through the entire city and apparently there is 1,000+ pizza joints in this town. Can't say it's the best as I have only eaten at two joints. Best as of today though!
5	What else can I say but the BEST. Hands down.
1	We finally tried Mineos after living in Pittsburgh for a year and a half. Truth is, I could have waited another 10 years and not missed anything. I had somewhat high hopes because so many people rave about it, but as I have learned, people in Pittsburgh don't really know food.We ordered two small pizzas. 1 Pepperoni and 1 sausage and mushroom.  Let's start with the pepperoni.  The pepperoni had a decent flavor and the cheese wasn't bad but overall the pizza lacked flavor. As for the sausage and mushroom, what a mess.  The sausage was hands down disgusting.  It tasted like bob evans breakfast sausage that had been boiled. No flavor  or texture.  The mushrooms were slimy and gross straight out of a can.My biggest complaints lie in the sauce and construction.  The sauce was bland and flavorless.  No acidic pop or sweetness to speak of.  Also both pizzas were impossible to eat.  All of the toppings slid off because of the moronic sauce, meat. cheese construction.  Pizza is a handheld event. If you have to use a fork, someone screwed up.I am not sure what else to say other than I could have gotten a better pizza at a chain anywhere in Pittsburgh.
2	Oh how the mighty have fallen.It's sad that Mineo's has obviously become one of the places that relies on it's legacy to keep open. Your wallet will be mad at you after buying one of this sullen slice pies.There just isn't anything noteworthy that should make anyone go here over a good handful of other pgh pizza places, and dear god it's near 20 dollars for a large here.Don't go here. Let the legend die.
4	I was having a really hard time picking where to go for dinner (as always) and after several hours of debating we settled on pizza. So where to go? We didn't want to go anywhere too far from Oakland, and it was getting late, so we decided to go here.  We heard rumors of their pizza and a local even stopped us to tell us how good it was saying that it was "the best". That combined with my intense hunger I was ravenous to try their pizza. We got a simple small cheese pizza (even though I'm usually a topping kind of girl) and my god. The worst part about a fresh pizza is that you can't help but biting into the pizza too early leaving you with a burnt tongue. We fought through the pain and let me say, it was amazing. Totally worth the wait, the pizza itself was fine without any toppings due to the amazing quality of the cheese and tomato sauce. Usually pizzerias get the crust wrong, but this was perfectly crispy and wasn't bland at all! The soft melted cheese combined with the crisp crust made for a perfect pizza. Afterwards we decided to get a cannoli - because, who doesn't enjoy a good cannoli? These where stuffed to the brim with the creamy filling and were freshly made. They wait until the last minute to put the icing in so the shell doesn't get soggy, so no worries there. TLDR: Pizza good. Cannoli good. Would go again.
5	Mineo's in Squirell Hill has the best pizza in all of Pittsburgh! The slices have lots of gooey cheese and it's over 50 years old. It is relatively expensive, but I feel that the food is worth the price, and I like to help out a local business. The best thing to order: a plain pizza. Make sure to grab extra napkins :)
5	My personal favorite!
2	Pizza is nothing special. Canned mushrooms, spinach, and shrimp. Sauce and cheese ordinary. We will not go back
3	"It's nasty. It's so nasty I crave it." "The cheese is so thick it's like eating a steak!"Those are not my words. Those are the words uttered by a lifetime fan of Mineo's when I asked him where I can find the best pizza and why. I was so perplexed by his use of the word "nasty" in such a positive manner that I had to try the food. So after watching "20 Feet from Stardom" at The Manor Theater, we went to try Mineo'sLike many of the pizza parlors in the area, you must order at the counter. Our order:Italian Wedding SoupMeatballs Parmesan 16" Pepperoni PizzaIt's amazing how many people come in and out of Mineo's, most leaving with only a slice and never taking a seat. I was able to watch the interactions, comings, and goings of the other patrons as I waited in one of the wooden booths. The arrival of he soup was a welcome distraction due to my hunger.I liked the fact that the soup was not overly complex and that the broth had a strong cheese flavor to it. So many places like to add too many extra items to an already busy soup. I was happy that Mineo's version relied on the main ingredients. I returned to people watching after finishing the soup and waited on the rest of the food to arrive.The pizza and meatballs arrived a short time later. As hot as the pizza was, I decided to try the meatballs first so as not to scorch my mouth too bad. The flavor of the meatballs were okay. They bordered on having too much filler for my taste. The sauce was the same way, it tasted like the balance of spice to base was a but off. I ate half a meatball and left the rest for others.I looked over at the pizza and took in the pretty image it created in my mind. I didn't see any pepperoni on it, but figured it must be in there somewhere. Taking a piece, I tested the heat and then took a bite."The cheese is so thick it's like eating a steak!"That description came back to me at that moment. And it was not undercooked like so many other pizza places that like it pile on cheese. All of the cheese was melted and it was even browned and bubbling on top - big plus! The pepperoni was hidden within the vast sea of cheese. Personally, I prefer my pepperoni to be on top so that it can crisp, but the  pepperoni they used was fairly tasty even hidden from view. The one detractor from the pizza was the sauce. In my opinion, it was almost over seasoned. The closer I came to the crust, the thicker the sauce, and the flavor, became. I like the Italian spices, but they are easily overdone very much in the same way that cumin is overdone in many Hispanic foods.I will be eating at Mineo's again, my friends really enjoyed the cheesiness.
5	The pizza ranks among the absolute best in town if you like thin crust, extra cheesy, flavorful sauce pizza.I'd only ever get it plain or maybe once in a blue moon with pepperoni.And I don't get anything else.  The fact that it's cash only is a downer, but not enough to drop it from 5 stars.Seriously, if you like cheesy pizza, you can not find a better place than Mineos.
5	Love it. Perfect pizza, will always be my favorite.
3	The pizza was pretty good. Decently crispy crust, plenty of sauce and a load of toppings. I ordered a pepperoni, sausage, and bacon pizza and we really were impressed by the amount of cheese and meat that were on it. That being said, the taste just wasn't phenomenal or anything. Took a long time to get the pizza. Neat neighborhood and decent pizza though. I thought it was a classic dive style pizza place.
2	I finally did the obligatory Mineo's vs. Aiello's taste test and Mineo's came out as the victor!. Unfortunately winning this contest is equivalent to winning the award for best Entry Priced, Sub-Compact, Non-Electric, Manual Transmission vehicle in it's class. The pizza is OK, but it's not nearly as good as the hype (which according to the plaques on the wall was created in the glory days of the late 90's) will lead you to believe. The crust is super thin but lacking in flavor, the sauce is sparingly applied and almost non-existent, and all of this pizza's flavor is derived from the thick layer of cheese. The only reason this pizza won the taste test was because of the two, this pizza had SOME flavor.
5	4 words: Best pizza in Pittsburgh!If u r looking for a real Italian pizza, go there! That's what I call a pizza!
5	The Mineo's average rating demonstrates why Yelp is not always the best guide to deciding where to eat, at least not if you just look at the star rating.Mineo's makes very unique pizza; the sauce and dough are unlike any other pizza place, and the amount of cheese on the pizza is insane. It's kind of like a cross between a New York pizza's thin crust with Chicago's love of calories. Lots of people love it, which is why you meet many people in Pittsburgh who will recommend it as the best pizza place in town. Lots of people think it is too greasy or cheesy. You won't know what you think until you try it.One other note, the prices seem expensive, until you realize that 2 slices of a Mineo's pizza is at least as filling as four slices of regular pizza.
5	My friend fedex'd me two pizzas to Seattle.  I was amazed to find they tasted just as good as when they come right out of the oven at the pizza shop!
5	We're picking up out weekly pizza from Mineos in about half an hour. Best American pizza I've had since 2003 in Brooklyn (Sunset Park, Elegante, don't know if they're still around). Legit thin crust, lots of cheese, etc. Maybe someday I'll try Aiello's, if Mineos takes a month-long vacation. We always just pick it up and take it home, so no deeper insight than that the food rocks.
4	Haven't had Mineo's in quite some time, probably since the last time I wrote a Yelp review.It's definitely my favorite pizza in Pittsburgh, but I would say that it's been trumped by Tony's & Capo's in San Francisco.  If only I could get past a 2 hour wait for dinner.The pizza is still as awesome and cheesy as ever, served searing hot by friendly young Pitt students.  It's the perfect proporition of toppings vs. sauce and cheese.I used to pair my pizza up with grape Welches soda, but they've definitely stepped up the game with their beer cooler, which is fully stocked with a stellar selection of IPAs and artisan beer.  They kind of had me at Lagunitas Little Sumpin, my favorite beer of all time.Anyways, I highly recommend and vow not to let so many years go by before I return.
5	This is how pizza should be done! Great thin crust; generous helpings of cheese and perfect sauce. The pepperoni and sausage were also fantastic. They had pizza by the slice and I actually ordered a pizza to go after finishing our whole pizza at the restaurant. Top notch pizza!
5	The best pizza in Pittsburgh... Maybe the world!!!!!!The pizza is always amazing, and they are expanding their squirrel hill store to 3 storefronts! Since I live in squirrel hill, the "no delivery" issue doesn't really bother me. I'm sure if I move that will be a different story...
4	My first adventure when visiting Pittsburgh was to decide for myself who had the best pizza in town - Mineo's or Aiello's. There's long been a debate between the two local pizzerias, located only a block or so from each other. I ordered one slice of pepperoni to go, headed to Aiello's and did the same, settled in at a bistro table along Murray Ave. and prepared my test slices. There is an obvious difference in the look of the slices and my first guess, based on appearance as best slice, went to Aiello's. But in all reality, looks don't matter so I dug in. The verdict? Mineo's wins hands down (on the right in my picture). I don't know if it was the extra grease or the loads of cheese or the sauce, but it was so so yummy. And hot!I visited the original Mineo's location in Squirrel Hill, which is currently owned by brothers Dominic and John Mineo. Their father and store founder, Giovanni, passed away. The interior is small and modest but the walls are plastered with awards. Many naming Mineo's as the best in the city year after year. The brothers haven't changed a thing, using the same recipe their father crafted in 1958.  It did take a minute for someone to come help me and while the girl who took my order was a doll, the guys behind the counters seemed irritable.  Oh, it's also cash only! In addition to making dough daily, Mineo's also makes its own sauce and grates its own cheese.
1	Worst pizza I've ever had! So soggy and too much sauce. I hate it when the crust is soggy!!!
1	Growing up, we lived maybe 5-10min from this place, and every Friday my parents would order Mineos, take it home and we'd have our little pizza day.Pizza Day, opposite as the Aquabats would lead you to believe, became the worst day of the week.As a child, I guess I couldn't stand this thick thick cheese and greesey floppy crust. I thought my parents were dinosaurs for using forks and knives to eat this thing. I'd wind up eating one slice and being "full" just because I didn't want to eat any more of this stuff.Now, I've heard everything under the sun defending Mineos honor whenever I speak these critiques. Most notably "Oh, well you need to eat it THERE". Well, unless Mineos pizza changes quality in the first FIVE MINUTES it's served, then it's official:Mineos Pizza tastes like a foot.Never bought it in my adult life. Very happy I didnt after hearing people say how expensive it is, here.
5	My favorite pizza place growing up, the place in Squirrel Hill makes the best pizza I've ever had. I recently moved back to the 'Burgh with my wife (who was convinced she knew her favorite pizza from Colorado) and for nostalgia's sake I ordered the pepperoni & mushroom w/ extra cheese. The brilliance of this place is in their pies (if you just want a slice head up street) but their full-size 'large' pie is the best tasting pizza as well as a great value (would be an XXL at any chain) and holds up in the fridge for days. It's cash only so be prepared, ATM on site and they sell single beers, 6-pk's & all kinds of other foods (cannoli is fresh filled and also delicious). My wife has never mentioned any desire to try any other pizza joint since. I'm sitting here waiting to pick up another one and my mouth's practically watering. Also, be sure you call the right location. They're cool about it, don't get me wrong, but it sucks for them (and for you when you find out your hot delicious pizza is in Mt. Lebanon if you're in Sq. Hill, and vice versa.)Try it. Don't look back.
5	I've been eating Mineo's Pizza since I went to Pitt back in the 80's. It is the BEST PIZZA in the BURGH!! Don't believe me go read all the "Best Pizza" awards on the walls of the Squirrel Hill Shop!! As for their competition,  Aiellos, there is no competition, it isn't even in the running, as they say. I moved out of the Burgh in 1993 and each and every time I would fly in to visit family and friends I went to Mineo's first, even before visiting my Mom!!!Praise Jebus that I live in the Burgh again and I now live 10 minutes from the Mt. Lebanon Mineo's location!!  Sadly, they deliver too and I have put a few pounds on because of it!! LolFor 13 years I seriously tried to get Joe and Dominic to allow me to open up a franchise, first in Maryland and then New Orleans.....that's how great their pizza and other menu items are!!
5	Best pizza in the city. Period.
5	Mineos the bomb yo for that ill delishus pizza at 1 in the monin. Betta check ya self befo ya reck yoself. Word. No but seriously, it's delicious - been my #1 pizza go to for 20+ years.
3	Jekyll and Hyde was first published in 1886, but the issue here is much older, and more important. It's that $1M pizza question: "dine-in or take-out?" The pie is going to change in some way during the ride home, it always does. You lift that box cover up and hope your warm, respectable favorite is still inside. You fear a cold, mangled monster.So are you for take-out or dine-in? I dine-in 99% of the time. Fresher, hotter, no sliding in the box, no temptation to sneak slices while driving, no mess on your car or carpet, easier clean up and no disposal of a cardboard box that doesn't fit in the trash or recycling. The promise of the Pizza+Beer+TV trifecta calls from the comfort of your couch, but I prefer my pies dine-in any time. Ok, not March Madness.Not Mineo's. The restaurant has captured a nostalgia with its ambiance. Dimly lit cafeteria tables and comfortless booths transform into a cozy family spot like the days of "Book-It". Littering the walls are pizza awards (some two-decades old) and the owner's mullet-heavy family portraits (all two decades old). Love it. The soda machine glows. The counter is crowded and the boisterous kitchen loud. All that's missing is Contra in the corner.Yet even with ALL that, don't dine-in. Mineo's pizza NEEDS that 15 minute ride home. The quarter-inch layer of mozz will bleed out grease if you dine-in when it's scalding hot. Multiple paper plates will be soaked through. You'll need another soda halfway through to wash down the extreme salt from the sauce and pepperoni. Plastic forks and knives will melt and bend as you try to cut through the chewy yet grease-soggy crust. You laugh--"Use a fork and knife?" The cheese will slide off if you don't, guaranteed. So enjoy mineo's, which is at the lower end of Pittsburgh's best pizza. And yes, DO try this at home.
5	Mineo's is a top-rated (by local magazines, etc.) cash-only pizza house.  I've only been to the (original) Squirrel Hill location, and I only come for the pizza.  The prices are high, but the quality here is top notch - loads of cheese, generous amounts of fresh toppings with a tangy sauce and a just-right chewy hand tossed crust.  A great variety of drinks on offer, from soda cans to beer cans/bottles to 6-packs to go.  The neighboring shop is connected, there is ice cream and desserts.  If you are driving by and you have a hunger, I suggest you park, walk in and indulge.
5	this place is super fire, I like this pizza better than the one next door which is also great.  its a must try.
3	Finally decided to try this place after hearing so many Pittsburgh natives rave about it.  I thought the pizza was good, but nothing extraordinary.   Perhaps all the hype set the standards to high in my head before I tried it.  The staff was very friendly--no complaints there.  The biggest drawback for me is that the the place is cash only--even with tabs over $10 (the standard minimum at most bars I've been to).
2	I imagine the reason why some people rave about this pizza is the same thing that made me dislike it.I noticed a difference as soon as I picked up the take-out box. This pizza was HEAVY. Way heavier than any other box of pizza I've carried. At home, the reason became clear: there is an insane amount of cheese on top. I mean seriously crazy. The mass of the cheese definitely outweighs the dough and all the other ingredients combined.So, the good news: if you are primarily craving greasy cheesy goodness, you'll be in heaven. The top of the cheese was browned deliciously, and the bottom of the crust was nicely browned too. Smells great, also.But, the bad news: nothing in between got baked, because it was insulated by the cheese jacket. So the (bland) sauce left the top of the crust soggy; the mushrooms were soggy; the (curiously flavorless) sausage was soggy. It was a bunch of soggy lukewarm unbaked pizza ingredients, sandwiched inside a thin crust and swaddled in tasty but excessive cheese.I'd love to love Mineo's pizza. And I sincerely appreciate that the staff were super nice about fixing a mistake they'd made with the order. I'd try them again if I'm ever drunk at 2am and craving grease, but until then, this is not the pizza for me.
5	I am born and raised in NY and pizza is my favorite food.  So I have high pizza standards.  This pizza is the best in PIttsburgh and right up there with the best places in NY.  The sausage comes in crumbles, and tastes like it has to be home made.  Not the manufactured balls or slices you see at other places.  There is plenty of cheese and it has just the right amount of salt.  Although it's a little pricey you definitely get your money's worth.  You will get stuffed from 2-3 slices.  I usually eat half the pie at which point I have trouble breathing but it's worth it.  The best part though is the sauce... it is like crack.  I could drink a bowl of it.  Just writing this is making my mouth water.  Also, they have a large assortment of bottled beer that's reasonably priced.  And there's plenty of seating with a low-key, simple, old-fashioned pizza shop feel to it.  I've been here many times with friends and they all love it too.  I've only eaten in, and that's how I'd recommend eating it... fresh out of the oven.  You will not be disappointed.
5	Every time I eat Mineo's, I feel like I've died and gone to Pizza heaven. The crust is so delicious that I actually look forward to the last few bites of crust. The sauce is so flavorful and dynamic. I usually prefer the bare minimum when it comes to sauce, but their sauce is just too good to wish it away. The cheese and toppings are loaded up and piled on. It's seriously delicious pizza.
4	Well, since my previous review of Mineo's, I left Pittsburgh and returned a few months ago.  I gave them another try and I must change my prior assessment of their pizza.  I don't know if they've changed how they make it, but the problems I listed before weren't so apparent this time.  I still wouldn't say they make the best pizza in Pittsburgh, but it is definitely good.
1	Ordered three pizzas to feed the family while my Grandpa is home in hospice. Before leaving the store, grease soaked through the boxes and dripped all over my cousin's pants. Ah well, it's sausage pizza, it happens. But when we arrived home the cheese had migrated to one side of all of the pizzas. The dough itself was soaked through with grease and was severely undercooked. We called and the manager, Ron, told us to bring them back for new ones. He was cordial speaking to my aunt and everything seemed good. Then we arrived and asked for Ron, who promptly told us it was our fault the pizza was a mess, that apparently we neglected to carry the boxes "straight enough" and had the gall to drive them home. He continued to insult us, made us look at the pizzas we brought back and told us over and over all the many ways this was our fault, how no pizza left his shop this way, how much pride he took in the pizza, and how he refused to argue with me (while arguing with me).My cousins and I are young, in our early twenties, and the difference in how Ron treated us compared to when he was speaking with my aunt was shocking. I've managed a coffee shop in the neighborhood and I cannot even imagine treating a customer this way. He continually insulted myself and my cousins, to the point where I begun to raise my voice. I was furious and trying to hold it in, but he just kept going. We didn't ask for money back; all we wanted was a fresh pizza. Ron decided I needed a lesson on the intricacies of cheese and his oh so delicate pizza. My family has been patronizing this business for over forty years. This will be the last time any of us ever grab so much as a slice. Thanks Ron!
5	I finally tried Mineos Pizza!  I thought it was really good! One word of advice don't ask for extra cheese you don't need it, they already put a lot on!  They have a large assortment of different craft beers for the beer lovers!  There desserts looked fabulous have to try something next time I go!
5	The best pizza in Pittsburgh, by far, is at this place.  It is lot like Chicago Style Thin Crust pizza, which is thicker than the thin New York style.  But they do not skimp on the cheese.  There is no need to order extra cheese, because it is loaded with it.  The staff isn't overly friendly and it's not the fastest service in the world, but the pizza is great.  Just remember it is CASH ONLY.  They do have an ATM there.  And the parking is terrible.  There is a pay lot on the other side of the road.
5	Bravo! Clap clap clap. People usually choose between Mineo's and Aiello's in Pittsburgh, and I'm a Mineo's fan! Why? Simple: EXTRA CHEESE. The pizzas are essentially the same to my amateur palate, but Mineo's dumps EXTRA CHEESE onto your pie. The crust is also far superior to Aiello's. Mineo's crust is flavorful, chewy and not dry. The sauce is a little sweet (edge to Aiello's on this one) and I think they must get the cheese from the same seller, because both are deliciously salty, but Mineo's just puts on more. YUM. VOTE MINEO'S AS BEST ZA IN PITTSBURGH :)
3	$20 for a pizza that had CANNED mushrooms??!!! I can hardly believe it, but that's what I paid and that's what I got. I don't understand how a place so popular in this city is using canned anything. Why not fresh??!!  There are places in this city that have a better pizza for a less costly price. I still love la gondola in downtown over Mineo's. Too bad because I really wanted to like Mineo's.
5	Best pizza ever!!! Waiting on my FIL while he is in surgery - perfect comfort food! Be sure to try pittsburgh's favorite, "Turner's Iced Tea!"  Yummmmm
1	I dont know what all the rave is about with mineos. it is cheesy salty with hard crust and excessively over priced.
3	Good pizza, but certainly not great.  Its tough for a new yorker to find an acceptable Pizza place in pittsburgh, sadly this is one of the better spots ive come across.  I enjoyed their tomato sauce, and crust most.  Cheese was just avg and the toppings were lacking fresh flavor.
4	In my opinion the pizza here is better than Aiello's, but the staff is impersonal. Take the awesome people at Aiello's & combine with this pizza & it's a home run.
4	Flavorful sauce, extra cheesy, crispy on the bottom thin crust. What's not to love about Mineo's pizza?The staff isn't the most attentive, but they're friendly enough and take care of you.Also the pizzas are huge. We got a large and weren't expecting it to be quite as large as it was. This is another plus.Also, got the meatball appetizer. Cheesy and meaty and delicious. Tasted like it came from an Italian grandmother.Be warned, they're cash only.Despite what Yelp says, they do have waiter service in the bar area.
4	Diggin the new bar/outdoor seating area!!  This summer has had some great nights for enjoying a pizza in the open air, while also enjoying your favorite beverage!  Hubby and I ordered a pizza and sat at the bar the other night, pizza was fabulous, bartender friendly and made great drinks!  Will be doing this again soon!
3	Better pizza than any chain.  Better pizza that you would get anyplace other than NYC or Jersey.  BUT, why go here when just up the street is Napoli?  Mineo's has the rep, Napoli has the better pie.
1	What happened to the Mineos I remember? The sauce tasted SOUR and the crust like cardboard. I'm so very disappointed because this used to be my #1 pizza place.
3	good when you eat there, but it gets rubbery the morning after
4	Mineo's is in a league all its own when it comes to pizza. I'm not saying it's the best, but it's a very different slice altogether. Mineo's is a sweeter pizza, with plenty of cheese and an always crispy toasted crust. There is an art to eating Mineo's when you order in--you can't eat it immediately. Wait a couple minutes for it to cool down, but not too long! Mineo's is at it's very best when eaten fresh. This spot is always bustling, and the shop has recently taken over three full storefronts: a causal pizza parlor, an ice cream area, and restaurant/bar. There is a full bar in the restaurant, and beer in coolers in the other section. I was surprised how great the selection is! I've found some really hard to find stuff tucked away in the coolers.The only downside to this spot is it's cash only, all the time. It's fine for a few slices, but can be tough if I want to grab a drink or entree. Not too much to complain about, always happy to snack on a slice.
2	I met my husband here for lunch today and was excited because I've heard a lot of good things about mineo's. It's a decent sized pizza shop, enough tables for 20 to 30 people and they get you your food pretty quickly. They serve beers as well even though it was rather early for one of those.I ordered two regular slices while my husband ordered 2 slices topped with pepperoni, mushrooms and green peppers. When our order was ready a mere 5 minutes after ordering I noticed that my husband's veggies were completely raw and just sitting on top of the pizza. It's like they took a plain slice, warmed some veggies and just tossed it on top. I'm use to my veggies being incorporated into the cheese. I understand the need for speed and convenience but I don't want to pick my slice up and have all the toppings just fall off. My slices were hot and cheesy with the shiny gleam of grease floating on top. Not too much but more than I wanted. I have to admit that I wasn't too thrilled about the flavor. It literally just tasted like melted cheese on bread. I could barely taste the sauce which had a sweet after taste that I'm not fond of. The crust was had a good bite too it, not too thick and not too thin but again it lacked flavor.I normally eat the end of the crust if it's good but this crust tasted too much like flower. I ended up only finishing 1 and 1/2 slices and gave the rest to my husband.I was expecting a little more spices and flavoring in the sauce but this tasted like gas station pizza to me. I probably won't be back here even though they have other items on the menu. Sorry Mineo's: I just wasn't impressed.
4	My bf and I LOVE this place! When we want pizza, this is our go to. We can eat an XL between the 2 of us... of course I have like 2 slices and he eats the rest. SO good!
4	For personal reasons, I have a soft spot in my heart for Mineo's. With my personal feelings aside, Mineo's is a pretty awesome pizza place and BAR. They have a happy hour Monday through Wednesday 9pm-10pm that has $2 off drinks (which are moderately priced to begin with). The drinks are perfectly made and the bartenders are similar to how I imagine the bartenders on Cheers would be towards non-regulars like Norm or Frasier. The servers are also very sweet and give great service.The basic cheese pizza is pretty good, but I've had a few different topping combinations and they have all been delicious.
4	The current star rating of 3.5 stars is incredibly accurate of Mineo's.  I'm going to be unpopular and round up to 4 stars because I think Mineo's is a more unique pizza than other places in Pittsburgh.  You're going to be indifferent or love it.  I'm confused about my emotions, clearly.Disclaimer:  I did not order a pie here, only two slices.Mineo's crust is unique.  It's thin but not like cheap Pizza Hut burnt-to-a-crisp-thin pizza.  It's almost like the dough doesn't rise the whole way or something, but it worked for me.  The sauce was ok, not too special.  But I love cheese, and this pizza was swimming in cheese.  It was pretty fast for my two slices to come out, and at $1.70/slice, not terribly priced.I actually had really friendly service while I was there so I'm not sure about those complaints.  The tables were a little dirty and some weirdos were sitting inside.  Not pizza items were super slow, but it's not a huge kitchen.  I wasn't totally shocked by that.  I would come back here for a few slices on a laid-back night.Cash Only
5	Mineo's has to be in the top five of my "best pizza I've ever tasted" list!! It's something about the cheese and crust combination that makes it so delightful!! I grew up in Pittsburgh and always used to come here..now every time I'm in town this is on my must stop list!! There is a lot of cheese on the pizza but it's soooo good!! I normally just get cheese pizza; it's so good it doesn't even need toppings. The crust is flaky and thin and the sauce is good! If you're ever in Pittsburgh I would definitely recommend that you stop here for a slice. It's cash only but they do have an atm inside!
