4	You get a very nice room at a reasonable rate, and it's right on the edge of the quad.  Book early - you're lucky to get a room if there's a football game or other special events happening.  Even without special events, it is sometimes full.  Downstairs, the Illini Union has a dining, a bookstore, pool hall, bowling, ATMs, and more.  Plus free parking and Internet access.
3	If you're going to be spending most of your visit on campus, this is the best place to stay. It's on the quad, and walking distance to the madness that is now Green Street (does anyone else remember - and miss - when Green Street wasn't full of chains? Where are the mom/pop stores? Aahh!) But I digress. It includes parking, which is great if you're spending your days on the quad, because you can leave your car and walk to everything. And you can avoid the evil orange tickets that WILL appear on your windshield if you try to remember to feed a meter all day. Free parking is the one selling point that keeps bringing me back. The rooms are ok. Nothing fancy. A variety of cable channels, and relatively stable wi-fi. You have to go to the front desk to get a wi-fi password, so don't forget. Breakfast is included, but it's lame. Cereal, bagels, and juice - that's about it. We usually grab something, but just to stop our stomachs from growling until we go out for a real breakfast. Last time I went there, my coworker and I were in adjoining rooms, and were both sneezing / had headaches the entire time we were in our rooms. We never figured out what it was, and have been fine during other trips. Who knows... A good place to stay for a night or 2 if you want something cheap and simple. Book early, it tends to fill quickly. If you want something a little nicer (and have a car), try the Holiday Inn Express. It's a quick drive away, and have a MUCH better breakfast!
3	Impossible to rent on special weekends, for everything else, this is the place to stay. A block to Green Street food and bars, free parking for one car/room, and a reasonable rate. Even better if someone is an alumni association member. We typically stay weekends here whenever we come down for basketball games, now that we have no friends (say hi to us - we're the creepy graduates playing a-hole at Legends) who live on campus. One thing - it's kind of hard to get up in to the rooms. I think this is because I'm not used to being in the Union at 3am, when we finally drag ourselves back from bars and Antonios. Lots of locked doors in that building at 3am, let me tell you. From what I can tell, you need to enter from the "back" of the Union, which are the doors that face the Quad. Then, at the southeast corner of the building (where the ATMs are) is a set of elevators that go to 3rd and 4th floor. There's another set in the southwest corner, near where the Quad Shop now is. Sidebar - WTF, Union? We have a Jamba Juice where the Quad Shop used to be. Lame. And we moved the Quad Shop in to the Union Art Gallery, my favorite place to crash between classes and read. So...no more Art Gallery? So uncool.
3	It should be noted that there has been a minor remodel of late. Last time we were in here, it was so oppressively floral that I thought I was going to have to take a chunk out of my man card. While I didn't stay in the Union this visit, I did poke my head in to a friend's room - gone are the pink floral bedspreads and pink floral wallpaper for something a little more restrained and less crazy grandma. Also - the old TVs are gone, and in their place, what was probably a 37" or 42" Panasonic plasma. Strong play, Illini Union, but how much of my tuition money went to pay for those TVs?
3	Overall it was a fine hotel.  Big comfy beds, nice flat screen TVs, a clean and large bathroom, the perfect location to visit the campus.  The one main downfall was that at 1AM seemingly every door was locked and it took a trip around the building to finally find someone who happened to be walking out and we had to yell at her to hold the door open for us.  If a hotel is going to have their doors locked at 1AM, they need to let customers who are staying there know so they can plan accordingly and make it back in time for "curfew."
3	OK, finally checked out the new, or not so new by now, rooms. And they're really pretty nice. Very comfortable beds and pillows, nice linens with both a thin and a heavy comforter, plus the aforementioned lack of emasculating flowers, and there's very little wrong here. Yes, it does lack bathroom ventilation (and so it goes on my list, age of building notwithstanding), and the thermostat may just be for show, but even at a slight price premium over other nearby (but more distant) hotels, it more than makes up for that with proximity to campus. I should also add that they appear to be offering a little continental breakfast - fruit, baked goods, some microwave sandwiches, etc, plus a nice little espresso/coffee/latte machine. That's new from my last stay, and a welcome addition, if you can get up in time. Which we usually can't. Also - we were allowed to park with the provided passes before the check-in time rolled around, and allowed to stay parked until 6pm the day of check out - far later than check out time. All of which combined for ultimate convenience. Show up in the early afternoon, park the car, off to the bar to watch another Big Ten game. Check out in the morning, leave the car, head on down to Assembly Hall, and come get the car later. Perfect.
4	Stayed there for Admitted Students Day recently.  Went back and forth as to the better I-Hotel a mile away and finally decided that I couldn't beat the location of the Union.  I was a little nervous as I read other reviews about the cleanliness of the hotel.  First, upon arrival everything was great.  Free parking a big plus, as the pass was good until 6pm the following day.  Can't beat the location for access to the school.  The downside?  Finding the elevator to take you to the hotel portion.  The desk clerk.... "turn right, go down a long hall, take the elevators.."  HUH?  Maybe if you mentioned go PAST Jamba Juice and turn right (again) to find the elevators would have been more helpful!!  Desk clerk did not even know where the Music building was located on campus....Anyway, on to the room.  Was very pleasantly surprised.  Beds were super comfortable and clean.  Bathroom was clean.  Downside was the dust in the vent above the shower which I was forewarned about.  No bugs to be seen as in earlier reviews....  Big screen TV, free wi-fi.. continental breakfast was very plain but being a non-breakfast person it really didn't matter to me.  Would definitely stay there again.
2	Was not impressed. The hotel is IN the student union so it is ideally situated to campus. Parking is fine if you find a spot and then never move. My biggest complaint was the room temperature. It is controlled by the student union building masters, which is to say there was little to no heat in my room. My vent was actually blowing out cold air and there was nothing I could do to stop it. When I complained they informed me it was a university building and nothing they could do about it. I was so COLD at night!!! Plus, there was a flutist in the next room practicing for what must have been a grad school audition. Felt like I was staying in a very nice looking dorm room!
3	Stayed at the hotel for my son's summer registration. Definitely not very posh, room was nice , beds comfortable, bathroom needs to be upgraded.Key to room had holes punched in it . You had to push it in and turn handle at same time. We only got one room key which had to be turned in at checkout.Continental breakfast was pretty minimal located in a tiny room where 4-5 people can stand at one time.Since school was out, cafe's downstairs were closed. Jamba Juice didn't open until much later. There is a coffee shop in lounge that opens at 7:00am. It has very good coffee, some Danish and yogurt and granola.The plus side to this hotel is it's location. Student orientation was held downstairs and public bus stop is right outside or around corner in front of bookstore.People at front desk were very nice. One clerk gave us directions on how to take the bus to a restaurant about a mile and a half away.( we didn't have a car-took a shuttle from the airport down to Urbana)The idea in taking buses ,etc. was to familiarize my son with local transportation and acclimate him to the area. Staying at the hotel was key in achieving that.Also staying when school was out, it was very quiet.Probably when my husband and I go to visit we'll be staying at the I-hotel instead and we'll have a car to get around .Staying at this hotel achieved it's purpose- nothing fancy or upscale , but decent.
1	On July 1, 2013, we were staying to register our daughter the next day.  We had to leave because of all the bed bugs in room 369.  I even got bit by one before we saw the bedbugs on our daughters pillow.  As my wife (an alum, as am I) just said to me, "I wouldn't stay there if they paid me a million dollars!"Do yourself a favor, stay at a clean hotel.
