5	I found it!  I loved absolutely everything about this new little shop! A friend and I stopped in the coffee shop next door for our once-a-month coffee & catch-up 'tete-a-tete' (we are both so busy we have to schedule time away from our crunch times just to relax & whisper). After coffee & latte's she suggested that we check out the new little art shop next door - J Bella Loft. I was game - It was the weekend and I wasn't anxious to get back to my computer.J. Bella is small, but full of wonderful art, jewelry & furniture. Every corner I turned had something else I absolutely loved!  Nothing seemed expensive, yet it all seemed "classy."  I kept seeing items that would make lovely Holiday gifts . . . and birthday gifts . . . and anniversary gifts! I plan on going back to get a few of them. We both purchased a few little items . . . . me? Oh I was selfish, I bought two pairs of earrings . . . . as if I don't already have several hundred pair! But these were unique and oh, so me!  My friend bought gifts for others. The cutest little knitted baby hat and a bracelet and a ??  I missed the third thing . . . I was too busy looking at all the jewelry and  . . . more earrings!Even though the gifts and treats all fit my "style," the best thing about this little shop was the customer service . . . . they made you feel right at home.  It all was perfect, right down to the unusual, but beautiful displays and very unique items . . . many created by local artisans!This is definitely going to be my "go to" place when I am looking for something to treat a friend or family member for a special occasion.
5	There is NO other store in the valley like this!  None!  Count on it.  Take it to the bank!  There are SO many cool and unique things in here that you will not find anywhere else.  They sell everything from women's accessories (jewelry and purses etc) to furniture, home accessories and artwork including great photos of contemporary, music artists mounted on canvas.One of the coolest things about this place is it's commitment to local artists.  They dedicate a good portion of the store to showcasing the works of locals...right now they have some very unique headbands made by a local, 9-year old...and you'd NEVER know a 9-year old made these.If you want to dress up your housing with some really cool stuff, you'd be crazy not to visit J-Bella Loft.  It's operated by a great interior designer who knows what to buy and how to do it.  The goods are so reasonably priced, your friends will think you spent 3 times what you did.You have to go check this place out...nothing like it.
5	I was pulling my hair out! Furrowing my brow! Grinding my teeth! Big time stress!I had a few special folks to buy holiday gifts for that were difficult to please . . .  standard pj's, slippers, or even a bottle of wine wasn't going to satisfy them. I really was racking my small, little brain for something that would get a gold star and maybe even a white-tooth smile. But what? And where?Then I remembered J Bella.  When I was there a couple months ago, I saw lots of gift ideas made by local artists. I knew they wouldn't have the same items, but perhaps I could at least find one of the gifts I needed. I walked out of there 25 minutes later with my entire list FINISHED! And wrapped. Whew! J. Bella Loft is now my go to place before I try anywhere else for those hard to please folks.  Stress relieved. P.S. I also bought a great new pair of earrings  . . . for me!
5	I just found out that J Bella is closing - - or rather CLOSED - - and moving to Scottsdale.  The latest update is that they will reopen in the Fall.  In the meantime, touch base with their parent /sister business - J Bella Interiors on University in Tempe - for the latest on when they will reopen. I just hope it will be in time for the Holidays. I bought some great and unique holiday gifts at J Bella Loft last year and I'd like to do the same this coming season!Reopen . . . reopen . . . reopen . . . . (did that help?)
2	They have some cool things, but customer service was out the door. We inquired on multiple items for sale, contacting the owner multiple times through phone, email and in person. Always promised a quick response in person, but not even a single response is what we got. Being a business owner myself I can't comprehend why a struggling company wouldn't stay on top of sales, especially when customers were almost begging for it. Very disappointed. We were willing to support this store even when they moved to Scottsdale, but after this situation and the fact that there are plenty of other stores that are similar with great customer service, it's a no brainier we won't be returning to the new store.
