3	A friend of mine took me to this salon for my birthday. The interior is cute and clean and the staff is friendly. I rated this salon as just average for a few different reasons:1) Although the staff is friendly, they overdo the up-selling and were quite forceful with my friend, who did not want a design on her toes, or a manicure. She had to say "no thank you" about five times.2) I had just gotten a massage prior to getting my pedicure so my legs were sore. I asked the woman to be a little more gentle but apparently that was not an option.3) When I asked for a holiday design on my toe, the only thing they seemed to know how to do was a snowman. I opted for something different, however it was somewhat sloppy.4) Typically when I get a french manicure, the white polish lasts for at least a week. I got my manicure on Saturday and about half of my nails have chipped (it is Monday). I will most likely be removing the polish this evening.I will give this place another shot, as I said earlier the staff is friendly and the interior is clean, but hope the quality is better next time.
4	I have been going to this salon on a regular basis for the past 5 years. They are very friendly, have great customer service and always remember me by name.  Of course they offer you additional services, like every other business out there. But I've never felt pressured by anyone.  The mid priced pedicure comes with a sugar/salt scrub and paraffin in addition to the hot rock massage. This really makes my legs smooth and I love it.  Anytime I opt for the french pedicure, the polish always lasts until they take it off at the next pedicure.  For me, that could be 3 to 6 weeks.  I've also had manicures and acrylic nails. All are top notch. I always just walk right in without an appointment and rarely have to wait.
2	I hate having to give them 2 stars but the quality of service has changed drastically in the last year or so and I've been going to them since I was in High School! I'm not sure what's happened but the technicians seem to be not very experienced and do sloppy work. The last 2 times I have been in for a pedi, I have had to have them completely re-do the polish. I really do love the atmosphere and the cleanliness but I hope they improve their quality soon!!
5	What a wonderful place for a manicure, pedicure, facial and waxing. The new owner, Kim Nguyen is a gracious lady who has turned an average looking nail salon into a work of art with awesome massage chairs and a beautiful nail bar. The salon has beautiful fixtures with vessel sinks and many innovative features. The salon is uniquely beautiful and the service superior to all I have had in the valley. When you are having your nails done you do not have an ugly view of the parking lot and street! I visited this salon when Kim had first taken it over from the previous owners, and the difference is like night and day. I look forward to my visits and find this to be a most relaxing and enjoyable experience. Kim has done an incredible job on updating this salon and bringing it in line with more expensive salons found in Scottsdale and Paradise Valley. Please give this salon a try for your next manicure or pedicure. The facials are divine and when I leave there, feel so rested and refreshed!! The music playing softly in the background adds to the relaxation. The staff are all friendly and helpful. I have never felt pressured to upgrade the service I was receiving and feel very pampered. It is a pleasure to be greeted so pleasantly by name.
5	Smiley Nails is under new ownership since about November and they are seriously the best! Kim and her staff do an amazing job each time I go in here. I always leave feeling relaxed and so happy with the way my nails look. Check them out...you won't be disappointed.
4	The staff is great! They always come in where I work. Super nice people. I also love their color selections they offer. My nails were beautiful when I first got them done. But it has not even been a week and 2 are completely broken off and 2 others are chipped. They are great with their customer service and called to check up on my nails and since they did t last well they completely re did them for free!! Things like this happen so I'm not blaming them but they handled it very well!!
5	Very friendly salon. I stopped in real quick to get an eyebrow wax and the staff was attentive and genuine. The place is beautifully decorated. I will be returning for a facial.
5	I love going to smiley nails!! They take their time and do a great job! I am also impressed with their nail polish selection!  It's under new management and I love how they have revamped the place! The next time I go I am able to bring my own champagne or wine to enjoy a glass while I get pampered!
5	Great foot rub! I relaxed in a new massage chair, sipped a glass of white wine, and just listened to the sound of the water feature! I will be back for my monthly mani/pedi!
1	Hate this place!!! I came here under the new management and it was the worst experience of my life. I went to get a pedicure and asked for the callous remover and the owner took too much off. Yes, it was the owner! He kept talking about other nail salons and how his is better and how they focus on the customer experience. I could barely walk for 3 days!! It was so tender and just hurt way too much. I never had this happen to me before and I hope no one ever experiences this. I don't care how good the place may look but if you can't do your job and just worry about your business, maybe you should pick a different profession.
4	Kyle and Tracey are really good and nice would recommend getting.
