5	Took my 99 Jeep Wrangler in for some fairly major work.  Todd G. was my service writer. He went above and beyond in getting my Jeep in tip-top shape.  He even suggested ways to save money on repairs instead of just charging me for anything and everything.  Dropped my 2009 Dodge Ram off for warranty work next and have every expectation of getting same level of care as I did for my Jeep with the large repair bill.   I am so happy to have a Jeep/Dodge dealer close by again.
5	I was in the market for a 2011 CHARGER R/T MAX AWD but none of the local dealerships had the interior/exterior color combo that I wanted.  I still really really wanted to test drive the car so I figured I'd drop into a dealership to try one out.  I dropped into Prestige last Saturday (05.07.11) and the lot was really really busy.  It looked like all the salesmen were locked up with other customers already.  Since the lot was busy I was basically ignored by every salesman who was already with a customer.  After passing up a few other salesmen, one salesman made sure to wave and acknowledge me even though he was with another customer. He apologized that the lot was really busy today and said he would see if someone was free to help me.  He and the customer walked into the sales office and he came running back to me about three minutes later. I was pretty surprised he actually came running back, I figured I was just getting some lip service that any other salesman would dish out.  Anyhow, the salesman formally introduced himself and said his name was Juan De Leon and asked how he could be of service.  I told him I was interested in a very very very specific charger and I wasn't looking to waste time buying anything but the exact car I wanted.  He said fair enough and we went to check the dealership's inventory.  Sure enough, the car was not in stock.  I figured I had shot myself in the foot because I already told him I didn't want anything but that exact car, there's no way I'm gonna get a test drive now; but I asked anyways.  Juan told me a test drive wouldn't be an issue at all; in fact, if I really loved the car, he would check to see if any other dealership had the car and would transfer the car over to the lot if I wanted.  After about a 7 minute wait, Juan came back with the keys to one of the other AWD Charger's.  He didn't rush me at all to get test drive over with.  He let me rifle throughout the car and even pointed out a few areas that most buyers overlook on cars.  He had no problems with me going through the hood either.  I can literally say it was probably the least stressful car inspection I have ever done; no pressure at all from Juan.  He wasn't overbearing during the test drive itself, he allowed me to do my thing and didn't bother me while I was enjoying the ride.After the test drive, I was expecting him to jump into an aggressive salesman mode, but it never happened.  He remembered exactly what he said and asked if I was interested in having him transfer the exact car over to the lot.   I told him I wanted to do some price shopping before committing to the transfer.  He completely understood, we spoke about some pricing on the car, he gave me a pretty competitive price on the Charger, and said he would beat everyone else's price if I found a better price out there.  After that I left the lot without being hassled.  I'll definitely check back into this dealership after making a couple more calls.
1	Do not buy your car from this dealership !!!!!!! Besides the fact that everyone who works here is entitled and rude, they will go above and beyond to not be helpful.  I bought my new car from their dealership and use their service department, needless to say, I would not suggest either one.  I have taken my car in 6 times and they have been unable to fix it.  On one visit they told me they had no idea how to fix it but to keep checking back and if they figured it out they would let me know. SERIOUSLY !!!!! They also told me that they were just the middle man and that any issues I had with the car were really between myself and Chrysler.  These aren't even all the issues I have had.  Do your self a favor and stay far far away from Prestige Chrysler !
4	This is a service review only.After having problems with a fraudulent service at Chapman Chrysler (see my other review), I went to Prestige.I've had my car serviced here half a dozen times and the work has always been done completely and correctly (they even wash my car when I'm doing nothing more than having an oil change, which is nice).  Unlike Chapman, they have never recommended service my car doesn't need and have fixed problems that other dealerships couldn't fully diagnose (e.g. leaking air conditioning).  They're extremely good about honoring my Chrysler Lifetime Service Contract.My only complaint is my service advisor NEVER returns a phone call.  Never, ever.  So when something happens like this last oil change where my engine light comes on on the way home from the dealership, I hear nothing in return ... Or, if I've had my rental car for three days while they're working on my rack and pinon, and I call to see if it's going to last over the weekend (because I'm headed out of town), I hear nothing in return.My advice is to treat them like a girlfriend in prison.  Get as much as you can while you're there -- assume you'll hear nothing when you're not.
5	I take my Jeep here for oil changes and maintenance.  4 oil changes for $60.00....AWESOME!  They even wash my car.  Service people are always very friendly and the waiting area has the most comfortable chairs and good movies always play in the waiting area as well.  Today was "Wayne's World" and I found myself guffawing out loud.  Excellent.......(in my Wayne's World voice).  I only waited 45 minutes, but had a wonderful conversation with some vacationers from Virginia and another nice mother/daughter.
1	Your Prestige Chrysler Jeep Dodge location in Centennial Hills is the worst service department I've ever dealt with in 30 years!  They serviced my car ($990) and the check engine light came on a day later.  Charged me another $950 to "fix" my transmission.  Gave me the car back with the check engine light still on!!!  Thirty miles later, the car was on a flatbed headed back to Prestige.  3 weeks later, they told me they needed another $2800 to repair the transmission.  Nothing but thieves and crooks at this dealership.  Towbin should be ashamed of themselves for being affiliated with Prestige in Las Vegas.
1	I would never suggest Prestige Chrysler Jeep Dodge to anyone that I actually cared about.  They lied just to make a sale and used some shady tactics to do so.  The salesman we dealt with is no longer there but the sales manager, Kevin, was the one doing all the dealing.  They made a first time car buying expereince an absolute nightmare.  It's dealerships like Prestige that give most car dealerships a bad name.The absolute worst car buying expereince.. do youresleves a favor and stay away!
1	My wife and I bought a vehicle here and as soon as we signed the papers the service became horrible. We bought the car in October and they told us that they had to hold it for about three days to make a repair. After a week of not hearing anything, I had to call them. They had no idea of the status on my vehicle. They continued not to call me over the next 3 weeks when I would leave messages and physically go into the dealer. After a month of yanking me around we finally got our car. Of course we bought a oil change package and extended warranty while we were there. Everytime I get my oil changed it takes forever to get service and they always seem lost. They also never reset my "change oil" notification even when I specifically ask.Last week when I was getting my oil changed, I mentioned I had a leak. They in fact did find one. I made a repair appointment for this Monday at 6am. They told me they knew the problem and it would be a 3 hour fix. So I dropped my car off at 6am and went home. I waited until noon and still did not hear anything. I attempted to call the service rep, JR Fisk. First time I called he was on lunch 10 more minutes and he would call me as soon as he got back. 45 minutes later he was in a meeting and would call me back in 15 minutes. Then over the next two hours I attempted to reach him several times, half the time no one would answer the phone in the service area after 5 minutes of ringing. Finally I called the supervisor. He said he would look into it for me. JR finally called me at 3:10 pm saying they just got my car on the lift to find the problem and that he would call me back in 15 minutes with the diagnosis. It turned 5pm and still had no call after still trying to reach him several times again. I physically went into the dealership and found JR left for the day. With no regard to even call me. I talked to another rep who gave the excuse they were busy all day, which should not matter. They should be able to handle their job. He looked at the status if my car and said they had to order a part and it should be ready tomorrow. There was no communication of this to me and there is no excuse for me to make a 6am appointment and not find out any info for 12 hours which I have to pull teeth to get. I will never buy a vehicle from this dealer again, and when my warranty and oil change packages are up, I will never be back. And most of all I will never work with JR Fisk as my service rep again.
1	Maybe someone in upper management will listen on here, Your service department at Prestige Dodge is horrible. The handful of times I have brought my 2010 Dodge Mega Cab Diesel in, I have received horrible customer service, 1st time I brought my truck in for the front bumper being loose and hanging down, I get JR Fisk as my service tech, I explain that I just bought the truck, it has 3k miles on it and the bumper is falling off. I ask that the bumper be realigned and tightened up. After a few hours I get the truck back and head home, only to find the bumper just shoved into the body and tightened. I return the truck and show them the bumper, the response I got was "we are not a body shop"........ That's nice......... So I brought my truck down to Chapman which wasn't much better with their attitude but did realign the bumper......... Moving forward to today, 6-2-12 I bring my truck in for a check engine light, 22k miles, oxygen sensor failure.  Jr Fisk comes up and, he says we don't have a diesel tech today...... Ok when will you? Monday - Friday, ok. Jr tells me to call 309-8000 to schedule an appointment. So I get back home and call the number, the lady at the customer service desk that was 20 feet away from me when I was there answers and puts me on hold 10 mins or so. I hang up and my wife calls back, gets put in hold for 20 more mins......... Wife finally gets pissed and drives back out to your dealership. Hopefully someone will help out this time, Why is it that your service employees have an attitude like they don't enjoy their job so it rubs off on the customer, I spent $55,000 on our truck and this is the service we receive???? My in-laws also have a dodge mega cab and have also had attitude problems with your service department.  My Neighbor Rudy has had nothing but issues with your service department and has advised me to seek out the service manager TY to get things taken care of. Why do I need to go to aManger when I bring my truck in just to get a positive attitude with a little bit of communication?  Hopefully someone in management will see this and realize customer service doesn't stop at buying the car. It needs to continue into the service department. Your recording on the phone while I was on hold says your number 1 in service........... It doesn't show.
1	I don't even know where to begin.This could be a huge novel.I will try and keep it short and sweet.My man and I showed up here looking to purchase a new work vehicle for him.They ran his credit right away and with in 20 minutes of us being there asked how much money he had on him then took the cash.I was in shock that the guy asked him about how much cash he had on him and took it so fast. Looking back we would never do that again but felt on the spot and trusted this guy.He took us to a Dodge  that we test drove. On the test drive the salesman was telling us how he needed to make a quota and had just a couple days left to get more sales in. He then proceeded to tell us he was going to smoke weed when he got off work.I really don't care that he smoked weed or is having trouble making his quota but it certainly isn't something you discuss with customers coming in to buy a vehicle.We asked if I could co-sign to help with the interest and so on and the guy took my info and literally 3 minutes later came back with a blank sheet of paper saying there was nothing they could find on me and I wouldn't be able to help. I was shocked yet again.They told him he was approved for the Dodge and even had him hit "the gong" congratulating him on his new purchase.After 3 days they called back and said he needed to bring the Dodge back because he wasn't approved for it and would have to wait a week to get his down payment back.We were infuriated. When going to take the Dodge back we asked one of the workers at the desk why they mislead us. She said that the salesman probably needed to make a quota. After remembering what the salesman had said to us it all became clear.We went to another dealership and not only did my man get a GREAT deal on a brand new Chevy but they also allowed me to co-sign which brought his interest rate down tremendously!!This place is no good I would never recommend anybody go here as I feel they are scam artists and only in it for themselves and getting what they need.While we were there initially  "the chopper" was there. He wasn't personable to the people inside and I think it is hilarious that people would go there to buy a vehicle  just because of him.
3	They are decent. Recently bought a new dodge avenger here and it was a fairly easy experience. I'm giving them 3-stars because their sales men didn't know anything about the cars at all. The guy told me the microphone was actually the compass. He didn't know where the cars battery was located etc... Overall just crappy salesmanship, I think his name was Robert.
5	I had the pleasure of dealing with Mr. Doug Alba, who is the Internet Director.  I bought an awesome Dodge Avenger.  He made what could have been a difficult and stressful experience into a smooth and pleasant one.  He detailed each step clearly and concisely, and was very, very patient with my neverending questions.  What a guy!  Furthermore, he was upfront with the prices and what he could do for me to get the best deal possible.  Prestige and Mr. Alba get five stars from this very satisfied customer!
1	horrible dealership, would not recommend this place to absolutely anyone.
1	This place is a joke. Bought a car from them and the car just died randomly after two years of driving it. Took it in and they refused to fix or help with anything! Place is a joke just like every single manager that works there. You guy are garbage just like the company you work for. Chop, you're also a joke. If you ever plan on buying a car here, plan to go through hell with any concerns you may have!
1	Good lord, coming here was a mistake! and a headache! hubs and I went in to "LOOK" at a Jeep Patriot just to see its size, interior, and features and explained to the salesperson from the get-go that we were strictly just here to look, not purchase... because we wanted to save up for a big down payment. Didn't exactly go as planned... Dont get me wrong, our salesperson was a very nice guy, we really liked him, but just wouldn't stop pushing. Tried to get us to test drive a vehice, took us for a ride, tried to get us to purchase right then and there. We repeatedly said we're here for the sole purpose of looking, not purchasing, but i guess they just cant take a hint?! Anyway, our salesperson finally took the hint, shook hands, said our goodbyes, then my husband and I get in our car to leave, and manager comes up tapping on our window... there goes another 15-20 minutes chit-chatting trying to get us to purchase right now. DUDE, what part of we're ONLY HERE TO LOOK, did you not understand!? He kept going on about how they need to make sales cuz its end of the year and bla bla bla. Sorry, its not really my problem, and with how pushy you guys are being, i can see why you're struggling to make a sale...I personally cant stand when people keep pushing and pushing for a sale. That turns alot of people away and you WILL lose costumers that way...
5	We purchased a Jeep in Reno, NV earlier this year and had some issues with the Jeep when we moved down to Vegas a few months ago. We took it to Prestige to get a new battery, and there was an issue with the transmission fluid that had been missed previously and could have caused major transmission damage. I recommend their service as the car is running great and we were not ripped off, which has become so common with other mechanics. (including the dealerships) I personally want to thank Ty and Jaban for their help and attentiveness to the issue.
5	I recently purchased a 2012 Dodge Ram Laramie Limited from Prestige and i must say every step of it was amazing!!!!  i have purchased several vehicles with this company and everyone has been great and super easy. Tino and Rennie are the best if you ever need a new car ask for them !!!!!!
5	I have bought a few cars from this dealership and have always had an awesome experience. I have referred some of my coworkers and friends to Prestige and they have all had good experiences too. Abdul has been my go to guy here for a while and he has never been pushy and is always very professional. I service my cars here as well and have never had any issues. In fact, I bought a truck here a few years ago and the A/C went out less than 30 days after I bought it, the A/C wasn't warrantied and they still fixed it free of charge. I highly recommend this dealership and I will always be a repeat customer!
1	This place is awful. They completely try to swindle you. The sales reps could answer none of our questions about the car and the warranties they push on you cover nothing. I got the extended tire warranty, and NOWHERE on the document does it tell you there is a price limit on the coverage; it just says the road hazards it covers and it will replace the tire including  labor. So imagine our surprise when the replacement for a covered road hazard still cost me sixty bucks because they only cover $125 for a tire! I bought an off road vehicle for a reason; and the warranty they push and push doesn't even cover the price of the standard tire that comes with the vehicle. And no other Jeep dealership has ever heard of this warranty and almost weren't willing to accept it! I will NEVER recommend this place to anyone. Oh, and we walked in, told them exactly what we wanted, and it still took them 8 hours to get us out the door...and they didn't even bother to wash my car.
1	Worst service experience ever!  Been there 4 times and every time there were issues.  One time for a simple oil change and they didn't tighten the oil plug and oil leaked all over.  Took it back to have them look at it, they said they fixed it, and it still leaked so had to take it back again.  Now most recently waited a week to get a service appointment.  Just needed the brakes looked at and 4.5 hours later they hadn't even looked at it yet!  They kept my Jeep overnight and didn't call me to confirm.  I called at 11AM the next day and they still hadn't looked at it yet.  Totally ridiculous, never going back.
4	Having a change of heart about them, I have high hopes that my future visits will be much better
3	I just had my Jeep Wrangler X in Prestige for its 30K service.  This service department is BUSY.They did a good job at a fair price.  Just don't expect to get your car in for service on short notice.  They are so busy they generally have to schedule two to three weeks out.Once my bill was paid, it took the shag boys a fairly long time to bring the car up to the delivery drive.  Not as efficient as my former dealer, Barton Jeep in Spokane, WA, but that may be due to the volume of customers.That said, if you need your Jeep, Dodge or Chrysler serviced in NW Las Vegas, this is the place to go.
5	Had an awesome experience at prestige dodge today.. Wanted a 2013 Dodge Dart and called ahead and spoke with Keith who works in internet sales. Was very polite on the phone as well as professional. I came down to the lot the next day and was prepared to stay all day going back and fourth with numbers as this is what I've done at other dealerships the previous days. There was no going back and fourth. A guy named Doug who is Keith's manager introduced himself and said he would do everything he could to help me get in and out.  Had test drove the car already so next thing was paperwork and we had already discussed what I was able to afford. Took them two, count em 2 trips to talk with the desk manager Abdul and I was pounding their gong and everyone came out and clapped and congratulated me on my new purchase! Nice touch. Was out the door with keys in hand in less than an hour of pulling on to the lot. Was very impressed with their customer service skills and will recommend them to any of my friends or family for future purchases! Good job prestige! Keep up the good work!
5	Summary:  Very happy with service, and would recommend using their service department again.I went to the service department @ prestige.  I'd highly recommend that everyone ask for John Wilson @ Prestige.  I also had a great amount of help from Gara (manager) and Chelsie (customer care).  The details below start off bad, but quickly turn the other way.  I made a point not mentining the rep needing to work on customer service.I originally went in with a cruise control issue.  I took it in to be fixed on the 19th of September. Throughout the day I had to keep calling in to get a status report, as I was originally told that it would be done early morning.  A part had to be ordered, and by early morning I'd be done.  My main complaint with them is that they are not very good at updating their customers on what is going on with their vehicle.  I had to call three times to get updates on the car (this was before John Wilson, who does in fact know how to use a phone).  It was late afternoon the next day, and again I had to call to get an idea what was going on.  I was told it was almost done.  So now I'm out 2 days of work, and I was not happy.  Once the car was done, I asked for a discount because the promised finish time was not met, and i was unable to goto work.  I had to get manager Gara involved, but they did work something out for me.The next Monday, the cruise control went out again.  I contacted Chelsie @ customer care, and she got me worked into the next morning.  She also arranged for a loaner car so I would not miss more work.  Very helpful in this economy!  Anytime I had a question, I could contact her via email and get a very fast answer.  Much better than the first time.  To make things better, they even fixed the break light fuse or whatever it was that was holding up the cruise control from working properly.  So, I was able to goto work via their rental car and they didn't charge me anything.  I will be using them again in the future, and recommend using them.
5	I have been bringing my cars to Prestige Dodge for years & absolutely love the service staff. Tigh is always willing to help me with whatever questions I have, he has been taking care of my cars since at least 2010. It is nice to see that Chop keeps the same staff around for a long time, Good Job Chop! I trust the rest of the staff as well John is also very helpful. I have referred plenty of family & friends to them because I have found them friendly, helpful & truthful. Thank you Tigh & John, keep up the good work!
5	The service department always helps me with my needs with my 2006 RAM. The staff is friendly, helpful & always take care of me.
5	Positive dealing with Lloyd and his team.. I went there with my husband in April 2013 to look for a Town and Country Van, I found it and they gave us a good deal for the Toyota Van.. It was such a good deal that I bought a Gran Cherokee Jeep 2014 the next day fully loaded, traded in my Highlander for it.. Lloyd gave me a great deal for both vehicle and I would refer anyone to them..  Glen Roopchan in the service department takes care of the Van and Jeep, I have no complaints.  **If your looking to buy a new or used car see Lloyd and his team they will take care of you, let him work his magic with numbers...  If you don't see the vehicle on the lot ask Lloyd he might have it elsewhere..  Thank you, Lloyd and everyone at Prestige for always taking care of my vehicles..
4	I leased  new 2014 Jeep Grand Cherokee Overland. I have to say this is a fantastic vehicle. Salesman Jorge, and sales manager Antonio were great. Antonio was great at locating  the Grand Cherokee at another dealer. He found the vehicle in Huntington Beach California. Great job guys. I could not give the dealership 5 star due to issues with the finance department and Chrysler Capital. Finance department was slow at returning calls. Thank you to Lloyd Anderson general manger for making what could have been a negative experience into a positive. Thanks again to Jorge and Antonio you guys work well with some of the constraints that are outside there control.
5	They fix my windshield was leaking water in the bottom left-hand corner was fast friendly and very courteous to me.
5	Well I give it 5 stars my windshield leak water and the service department was so nice to me they got me in and out quick and  did such a great job the best. My 2013 Jeep Wrangler looks brand-new they take such good care of me.
5	We just bought a car from prestige Chrysler and considering that we have some rough credit they were still more than happy to help us find something perfect for our needs and budget our salesman Paul Kan was great and really cared to make sure to find a car that would fit our family. Other dealerships were rude and demeaning once they had seen our less than perfect credit. Wonderful experience we would definitely recommend buying from here.
3	I am pleased to hear that the GM did what it took to make things right for a friend of mine that had been having some issues with her purchase. She just called me very pleased, which makes me happy! For all car buyers, be informed before you go into any dealership. Knowledge is power! Thank you Prestige Chrysler Jeep Dodge!
4	Got our car checked out cause there was steam coming out of the hood. The service department checked it out and thankfully there was nothing wrong. They are really helpful and get the job done. Wouldn't go to any other dealership.
5	Very happy with service. I had some minor issues with some work received, but John Wilson made it right. If you need work done, this is the place to go and John is the man to deal with.
5	I have to say that I have never been in a friendlier dealership. I was there for a short time and felt like I was part of the family. Lots of people went out of their way to be friendly and engaging. The small repair that I had done on my Jeep was taken care of quickly . They deserve my business again.
1	I bought a used car from Prestige Chrysler last year.  We were looking around the lot. Paul Kan suggested a Chrysler 300 SRT-8.  The price was very good.  We took it for a spin.  Not the power I hoped for in a SRT-8 but it was fast.  Above the SRT-8 badge on the trunk was a supercharged badge.  We looked under the hood and I didn't see anything that could be a supercharger.  I ask Paul Kan about it.  He said he didn't know his way around under the hood.When I get home to call my insurance company I find out It is not a SRT-8 nor is it supercharged.  Paul Kan deceived us all afternoon.  Don't trust him.
5	This is a review my mom wrote : I took my Vehicle to prestige chrysler dodge because I noticed a leak coming from under my car. I went there without an appointment to see if they could squeeze me in. When I got there I met tigh the service  manager he was very friendly and he introduced me to glen who would be my service advisor. Glen greeted me with a welcoming smile. I explained what was going on to him and He told me that they would have to run a diagnostic check to see what the problem was. But they would need it for a couple hours  becuase of the schedueled appoinments ahead of me. I had no other  way of getting my errand done which i had previously planned but glen got me a brand new  loaner vehicle with a full tank of gas to drive while my car was in the shop. he told me that they would take excellent care of my vehicle which they did.  They were extremely courteous and helpful even without me having an appointment. Glen kept me updated throughout the process. He told me that my power steering pump was leaking and it needed to be replaced. Seeing that they were not a Cadillac dealer they did not have the parts on hand to work on it that day but he ordered the parts for me and they were going to be in the next day and it was safe for me to take my car home. When the parts came i got a call from the parts department letting me know that they were in.  Glen went above and beyond going as far as bringing the loaner car to my house the next day to pick up my car to take back to the dealership to be worked on. I did not have to leave my house. The whole staff was very helpful throughout the entire process glen and tigh took excellent care of me and my vehicle and were highly professional. When the car was done glen had it cleaned before returning to me.  I would highly recommend prestige chrysler jeep dodge to anyone, they are busy and I can see why people drive from far ways to get there vehicles fix by them. They we're amazing, professional and courteous to all my needs and I will definitely return service myVehicle and, who knows, maybe even purchase a Chrysler product in the future. My loaner Jeep was very impressive! I highly recommend giving these guys a chance.  When you call, ask for Glen
5	I took my Dodge Avenger to Prestige because my headlight was out and I also needed a smog check.  I hate going to get any type of service done so I was a bit apprehensive pulling in. But when I got there I was greeted right away with a chilled bottle of water by a nice gentleman name Bijan. He made me feel very welcome and at ease.  I didn't make an appointment because I figured my problem was a little one and I can just show up. Bijan introduced me to my advisor, Glen who explained to me they're busy, but will try his best to squeeze me in in-between appointments and get me out as soon as possible.  While I was there he also noticed that my oil change was coming due and offered if I wanted to get it done the same time. I was happy to because it saved me time and hassle of coming back in. When my vehicle was ready, I was happy that they even washed it for me. It seems the entire service staff at prestige really care about there customers because I felt like their priority from the moment I pulled to the moment I left. Everyone was professional and courteous. I will definitely be returning to prestige, and won't be so apprehensive thinking of getting any auto services done; but next time I will make an appointment, because even though I was happy with everything, I realize these guys are super busy. I definitely recommend you give them a shot, you'll be glad you did!
5	Great dealership! They were fast, professional, courteous. I am very happy with them.
1	My wife's 2008 Dodge Durango's water pump failed, and her car over heated, so she had to stop by the side of the road. She had the car towed to Prestige Dodge on Centennial. They then told her she needed a new water pump, belt, belt tensioner... Oh and your brakes need to done and you need a tune-up for a total of $2000.00. I spoke to the service rep, Manuel Cardenas, and I asked him for a detailed breakdown. $1250.00 for labor, the rest in parts. I thought all the fees were outrageous. So I had our car towed to a different mechanic. But before I could take the car from Prestige , I had to pay $129.00 for diagnostic fees. Basically, someone to look at the non-rotating water pump for 30secs and saying "yup, the water pump is out!"A bit of highway robbery!The other mechanic being ethical charged less then $200.00 in parts and $200 in labor. Both new water pump and brake pads. The poor thing is... That the car had 135,000 miles on it and we are ready to buy a new Durango but it won't be at Prestige Dodge!!
5	Very HAPPY with Prestige Parts Department I cannot say how thankful I am for Kelly parts advisor and how much he knows, he has extensive knowledge of parts and was extremely helpful in getting me what I needed in a timely matter...I would recommend going to him to get what you need for your vehicle, I know I will be back. Thanks Kelly for all your help!
1	I took my Dodge Caravan there 2 years ago for an estimate on repairs.  I didn't have the repairs done.  Since then, I am barraged with mail on great deals and phone calls.  I have called Prestige, send the mail back and when I last had phone call from them, was assured that all this would stop.And to top it off, I don't even have a Dodge any longer. The day that I picked up my car and didn't have the repairs done, I bought a new car.It is such a shame that there is no one with intelligence that works there, that cannot perform one simple task and take me off their mailing list. I will never buy a vehicle from them
5	The military is moving my family overseas in a few months & we can only take 1 car. So I went to PCJD last week to inquire about trading in my Challenger & 300 for a new Ram. I didn't expect to get much on the trade, but Abdul the sales manager gave me $5000 more then any other dealership I had been to. He then matched the USAA price on the Ram. I told him I didn't plan on trading the cars in so soon, since I still needed 2 cars until I leave. Abdul then made a quick phone call & got me a free rental until the end of May! Abdul solved my families needs & his team made us PCJD fans for life. Thanks
5	Had a rocky beginning with this place but Jarrell is the bomb! The management is top notch and care very much about customer satisfaction.
5	New Durango...update coming
5	I recently bought a new 2014 Jeep Wrangler Sahara Unlimited from this dealership and I am incredibly pleased with the service I received. They were incredibly friendly and informative. Before I purchased the car, they actually let me take it home and try it out for a few hours  without any added sales pressure. Needless to say I fell in love with the car and am absolutely thrilled with it! Some stand out names from my experience are Abdul and Antonio. They gave me an incredible deal on the Jeep and offered me an amazing price on my trade-in. Very fair and honest.
2	This place does a lot of volume so it's possible to get a good deal on a vehicle. I also got more than expected on my trade in. The problem comes with the shady finance manager and the stupid stuff they pressure you to buy. As soon as you tell them "no" they act like complete jerks.Don't waste your money on all that stupid add-on stuff because it is just that-a complete waste if money. You can buy all that stuff outside the dealership way cheaper. It's dumb and very costly and they pressure you to buy because that's how the finance guy makes his extra money.
3	I took my Jeep Patriot here after my car decided it did not want to run any more while driving to Las Vegas from San Diego.After I told the service associate what was wrong with my car, right away he tries to up sell me a 100 service.  I understand it is a business, but could we please focus on what is wrong with my car BEFORE you try to sell me more?After having my car for a few hours I was called and told they could not duplicate the problem.  I insisted they take it out again, recommending again the same suggestion that I had when I arrived.  By some "miracle" they were able to duplicate the problem and fix my car.  It was ready only 2 hours after it was promised.  I completely understand that cars are complex machines, and that things happen.  Please guess accurately, I'd rather be told 4 hours and have it be less than told 2 and have it be more.  Please be straight forward.The repair was flawless, car runs great.  Customer service is in need.
1	This place is terrible! I had an add they actually told me they didn't have any cars like that there! They sent me the add! No they wanted to sell me a car that cost 8 k more! Then they only wanted to give me a third of blue book trade in value for my car! I asked to drive 3 specific cars and the guy took out 2 other cars for us to drive! We went in wanting to pay cash and trade in for a car then finance a truck! Now we will go else where! They had so many salesmen hanging out in the parking lot doing nothing! Maybe if they fired some of them they could sell what they advertise! The guy actually had the nerve to tell me " oh that's just an ad" like oh we just use them to sucker you into coming here! Well thanks but no thanks we will take our business else where!
5	Took my Jeep Liberty to get the oil change today at Prestige. Was greeted promptly by service staff and offered a bottle of cold water...A nice touch. Glen Roopchand, myservice writer was courteous and efficient. My oil change was done quicklyand efficiently, and at a reasonable price. I will definitely come back here for further service.
5	My wife and I had a great experience when needed our car serviced. Tigh Pesicka in particular took his time to explain what we needed with our car. His kindness shined through and we felt as though he truly cared about us.Chris & Cindy S.
3	Most of the reviews are bad and I know why! The service is so HORRIBLE. I will never recommend anyone to go here. If they didnt have the car my boyfriend wanted then we wouldnt have to deal with everyone there. After he bought the car he had to go back and sign stuff or whatever and the guy who told him to come back at a certain time WAS NOT EVEN THERE. We waited 45minutes for someone to tell us he wasnt there. This review is gonna be short. I had all the names down who gave bad service but it was pretty much everyone. Customer service is not their priority.
1	Just trying to schedule a service appointment is like pulling teeth!  The 2 times that I called I was put on hold for well over 5 minutes RIDICULOUS!  They are the front line of the service department, who's to say what the back line is like.  I called this morning and of course got put on hold FOREVER!  So disappointing, looks like I will have to travel across town because at least the other Dodge dealership service center answers their calls and actually talks to the person on the other end!
5	Still the best in town!!! I brought my car in the other day and yet again Tigh and his crew took amazing care of us. I only trust them with my vehicles!!! Thank you for everything, see you for my next oil change 10's all of the way.
5	Had my car worked on here as it is the only dodge dealer on the north side of the city and is very close to my house. I was happy at the cleanliness of the place and the welcoming from the staff the moment I walked in. It really says a lot about a business as most places now hire rude staff.  The service advisor John was always in contact throughout the repair process something that is lacking at other dealers and repair shops! I am now in my car with the ac repaired and could not be happier, I recommend you bring your dodge here if any repairs are needed there prices are good and the work is done in a timely manner. I will be coming back for any and all repairs in the future.
5	I took my car in for squeaky brakes and a mechanical problem. The service advisor Miguel Cardenas helped with my problem right away. The techs there were great. My car was fixed and I've had no issues with it since. I give them 5 stars because they took care of the problem and where very friendly :) I don't see why they would ever have a bad review! Keep up the great work.
5	Driving from Austin to Las Vegas, I needed some basic mechanical repairs. My friend lived in the Centennial area and Prestige Chrysler Jeep Dodge caught my eye; I met a man named Miguel who was so personable and took care of my car needs :) The service was wonderful and I give this dealership 5 thumbs up! If you need a place to go for repairs, ask for Miguel! He'll provide you with everything you need and more! :)
4	I bought my ram at Sahara Chrysler Jeep Dodge. After 2 months of owning the truck my AC went out, so I took it back and was told sorry we cant get you in we are to busy. I asked for a loan car or a rental car that my extended warranty covered and was still told NO! So I left went home and called Prestige and I was told to come on down and they put me into a loan at no charge. They also told me that there was a recall on my truck that came out in December of 2013, I was never told about this from the selling dealer. John Wilson my service advisor was awesome and took care of my truck.
5	My husband and I were greeted by Kevin Brooks when looking at the new Challengers. We expressed the desire to trade in our current vehicle for the new purchase. Kevin was not pushy, listened and worked to meet all of our needs with ease and respect. We ended up buying two new vehicles and I've never had such an easy experience with a dealership. I have since visited for my cars to be serviced. All of the staff has been amazing. No nonsense and none of the annoying car sales bs I've had in the past. I recommend Prestige to everyone who asks!!
1	I have tried this dealership for service three times with a terrible experience each time.  Twice, the costs have been more than double what they quoted - with no notice until checkout and no permission to do the extra work they performed.  And the last time, the expensive repairs they did didn't actually correct my engine light problem they were asked to fix! As a single person with no second car, I have to wait in the dealership while the work is done - the first "1-hour job" required a wait time of over 4 hours and the next "2-hour job" left me in the waiting room for almost 9 hours!  I was blatantly lied to multiple times that day as to where my car was in the process.  Because warranty repair required me to go back to the dealership, I gave them one last chance on an appointment and was told upon arriving (NOT at the time I made my appointment!) that they would need the car for A WEEK!  I already have an appointment with another dealership who was MUCH friendlier and will do the work in a much shorter and more reasonable time frame.  I STRONGLY recommend avoiding this dealership for service - there are better options in town.
5	I'm giving the Service Dept (especially Glen) and the Parts Dept (Kelly and Chris) a 5 Star rating....these guys do an exceptional job under a great deal of pressure (this place is always super busy). I've brought my Wrangler here for service and warranty work and they've never given me grief or made excuses about my lift or mods, which is very rare for a Jeep dealership.  The parts guys are really on the ball, very helpful and they know their stuff. They are always very nice, they always take the time to listen, and they do quality work.
1	UPDATE  - 8/27/2014News FLASH - There is now a LIFE TIME WARRANTY on the GAS TANK. But you have to take your Magnum to the dealer for a day. Then they say YUP!  You need a new gas tank. WOW!  When will I get the new gas tank ? Well see we have a small problem the gas tanks are on NATIONAL BACK ORDER and it could be another year until we get them.... Love Always Dodge!  You have to laugh right or you'll explode...2006 SRT8 MAGNUM GAS TANK IS DEFECTIVE when you fill up your gas tank the vehicle will stall out.  Fill it 3/4 only until you get a new gas tank from Dodge, If ever.  Lets hope the recall comes soon.  Here is the weblinkwww-odi.nhtsa.dot.gov/Ve... 2013 Federal probe covers more than 192,000 Chrysler 300C luxury cars, Dodge Charger muscle cars and Dodge Magnum wagons from the 2006 model year. The cars have 5.7-liter or 6.1-liter V-8 engines. GOOD LUCK!  I hope this HELPS someone.Come on!  Really ? I took my 2006 Magnum SRT8 in 10/2/2012  for a ETC red light on my dash.  ( Electronic Throttle Control ) The service advisor calls me and says your rims and tires are the wrong size too small. I said what are you saying. HELLO!  They are stock rims and tires 20's.  He says let me call you back. I said ok maybe he had the wrong vehicle. People make mistakes right? Nope! Ring Ring Hello!  The Master Mechanic was looking at the ESP traction and not the ETC he's really fast so he didn't read and or see the real issue. OH JOY!  So what s the solution?  Well we don't see any alerts in the PCM - ( powertrain control module ).  Seems it was set for small rim and tire size. You should be fine now we reset the PCM to the correct setting. OH REALLY!  What a complete waste of time - I should just fixed it myself.   Note*  I did pay for a transmission and rear differential flush.  I will never return to this dealership ever.
5	I have a 2007 Dodge Nitro with 110,00 miles on it. Best vehicle I have ever owned and have had it serviced at Prestige since they opened this location. My AC was acting funny a couple days ago and then this afternoon, I found a lot of oil on my driver's side floormat. Knew something was wrong so I drove straight to Prestige. Miguel has been my service advisor for the past few years (and has always been professional, kind, and trustworthy) but he was off today, so Tigh Pesicka greeted me. As always, it was awesome customer service in the Service Dept. I was handed a cold bottle of water, Tigh was calm and professional (I was not so calm, I knew my truck had a serious problem!) and he set me up with a loaner car so I was on my way within 30 minutes. Tigh then called within an hour and let me know what the problem was and when it was going to be repaired.  These guys in the Service Dept at Prestige are good!
5	Took my car in for service a couple weeks ago and received the absolute best service that I have received as a customer from any company. My technician Glen Roopchand was incredible, he completely went above and beyond to fulfill all of my requests and more. I also got the opportunity to see him provide the same level of customer service to other customers, which was ver satisfying and comforting. The wait time was great, his communication was excellent and I knew the status/progress of my service repairs at all times. I would recommend anyone to this dealership and especially to Glen Roopchand.
1	If I could give no stars, I would. My whole experience at this place has been a complete disappointment. I've never been treated so badly. The pressure when I bought my jeep was more than I could bear. They make it seem like they are giving you some incredible deal but really, they high ball you. I had an employee partnership through my employer which they did not honor. They did give me 2 years of oil changes, but you can't get in for an appointment and when you do, they charge you $20 for a tire rotation!! The service writers seem decent enough, but over book their time so much that it takes 2 hours for a 15 minute oil change.  It's been a year since I purchased my car and they sent an email on my "anniversary" saying it was time to review their service, but didn't say how to do it. Well enough, but they sent the email to my daughter's email address. First, how did they get her email address and second, not even a response back when I replied asking how they got the email address. Do yourself a favor and don't waste your time here. Once my free oil changes are done, so will my relationship with this place.
5	I baught a jeep wrangler from Chapman in sahara and I used to service it there. After multiple dissapoinments I turn to prestige. I had an awesome service representative glen roopchan. I like that they have always been honest on everything. Customer service is above the rest. They offer transportation service to your home. I have not stop coming to prestige and im looking forward to continuing the good relationship. Recommended. Fair, fast, convinient, and great customer service.
2	I opted for Prestige Dodge for service, as it is much closer to home than Towbin, where the vehicle was purchased. I called and was told I would have to make an appointment. The next available was a week down the road. I took it and ventured in about 10:45 for my 11:00 appointment. I was told by the service adviser that dropping it off would be best because they were so busy. Plus, he adds "I don't know who has appointments and who doesn't, so I just can't move you ahead of someone else." What? Why did I have to make an appointment then? He tells me the lube, oil and filter should take about two hours. Nothing jiffy about this place. Seriously? I make an appointment and have to wait two hours for a lube job? Needing the service, and not wanting to endure more of the same elsewhere, I drop the vehicle off while pondering what to do for the next 120 minutes. Wishful thinking. They called me more than FOUR HOURS later! Four hours for a lube job with an appointment is unacceptable. To add insult to injury, it took them fifteen minutes to get me the vehicle when I returned. Next time I will make the trip all the way to Towbin ... it's quicker.
1	I cannot speak to their sales dept.The service dept here has been extremely disappointing.  I originally went because of it's high yelp reviews.Also let me say that it is possible that I just had an irresponsible service writer.Long story short- went to get a few things looked at- nothing major.  Waited 3 days to hear anything- no calls, no updates.  Called the dealership- no one answered.  Called again a few times throughout the day- finally got someone and was transferred to the service desk.Asked to speak to my rep- was transferred, to a cell phone voicemail.  Left one message.  Waited a day or two.  Called again, no answer- finally asked the person who answers the phone to give my rep a personal message.  A day later I got a call, my car needed a part that wouldn't be in for another week- it had already been in the shop 7 days.I went to get my car, was told they'd call me when the part arrives.  After 2 weeks I called and left one message asking about the part on the rep's "cell phone".Three days went by and I gave up waiting took it to another service center.That's my story do what you'd like.
2	I reached out to them asking for pricing on a new Jeep.  The form I clicked on said to click for pricing and fill out the form - being a good little soldier I did as asked.  I immediately received an email asking if I was trading in a car... Weird, I just wanted the price and responded to that effect.  I never got any response other than automated gibberish.  A couple of days later, having received yet another piece of spam from them, I responded saying that, again, I'd just like the price for the vehicle.  Never heard back with any price.  I went out yesterday to Chapman Jeep at the Valley Automall and am proud to be the owner of a new 2015 Jeep Cherokee.
5	I love this place I've purchased 5 cars there always great service friendly staff. I purchased quite a few jeeps I'm on my 3rd a 2014 rubicon I love I would recommend it awesome Jeep.
5	I haven't purchased a vehicle in 10 years! I was terrified. A friend of mine recently purchased a car from here and recommended them. It took me weeks to even go down there. I'm so glad I did. David is my guy! He basically held my hand through the entire process. We looked at few used vehicles, picked one and came back to do financing. Financing came back, David grabs me and says let's go get you a brand new car! I couldn't even contain myself. Since I first got my driver license I had never had a new car! But I walked out of there with a 2015... I couldn't believe it.  David then took me over to the finance guy Kevin... and it just got better. He made the experience so pleasant. And even got me a better rate than I thought. I wish I could give 10 stars!
5	I had purchased my 2012 Dodge Journey from Antonio Magana when he was at the Towbin location. I needed to trade in my Journey for a cheaper payment and something that would save me on gas so I immediately contacted Antonio to see what he could do - and, of course, he asked me to go see him immediately that day.On my way over, I'm mentally thinking he was going to put me in a used car. However, when I arrived, he already had two options for me - 2015 Dodge Dart or a 2015 Chrysler 200. I absolutely fell in love with the Chrysler 200 and couldn't believe he was going to put me in a brand new car with a cheaper payment! Also, I was so excited that I was finally going to have a car that fit my personality more - NO MORE MOM CAR!Jay in financing was also so awesome! He was so helpful with helping me decide what I truly needed in regards of warranties. Antonio is like my big bro! He always takes care of me in whatever I need or want - I'm a brat and also can be a little dramatic, so he knows how to handle it! LOL. I definitely will always buy a car from him! Love your face, Antonio! Thanks for finally getting me out of that mom car. It's safe to say that I definitely look good in my 200 and LOVE how no one has it, yet! LOL
1	First off, let me say, my review for the salesman, Tiny, is 5 STARS!!! He was so helpful & walked me through everything. I never felt pressured in any aspect & he was super friendly. I ended up purchasing a 2015 Chrysler 200 Limited. Love the car & I got such a good deal.However, the one star review is based off the service department. 4 days after buying my new car, the check engine light went on. I went in to pick up my registration slip & brought it over to service for them to check my car. They said there was indeed a problem of some sort, but I would have to wait roughly 3 weeks for an appointment! Even though I just purchased a brand new car from them! I live 45 minutes away from the dealership, so needless to say, the inconvenience brought on by their nonchalance attitude towards accommodating customers who just dropped over $21K at their dealership is ridiculous. Like I said, if you are in the market to purchase a new vehicle, Tiny is the man to go to! Just be aware that if any problems occur with your new car, be prepared to wait to get anything resolved.
4	As far as  the sales staff at Prestige I'm not impressed. We called on a vehicle we'd found online and were told  it was no longer in inventory and purchased only to find it online a week later. We again inquired and found a very awesome salesman at towbin named Tony! Mind you we were inquiring on a durango citadel so it's not like we were looking at a chump change clunker. Too bad for that sales guy at Prestige who couldn't take the time for us. As for Towbins service department it was awful thanks to an incompetent tech named Brad. Long story short I cringed at taking my vehicle in for warranty work and alternator issues after my experience at towbin expecting the same dismissive  rude treatment, but they were great! Listened to my concerns and fixed the problem Brad so rudely refused to address and did so in a timely manner.  The service department is the only reason I give prestige a good rating.
5	I needed work on my 06 Charger and initially spoke with Dave, who was very helpful. Bob was my service advisor and he communicated with me every step of the way. Frank went above and beyond taking care of everything on my car. I strongly recommend this service department! They have a new customer!
