1	Dear Denny's @ Scottsdale & Shea, I am very regretful to reform you that your restaurant is repulsive. Your hours, although appealing to the party animal which escapes from me from 11 PM - 4 AM, is not enough to make me return here again. Your food is, quite frankly, disgusting. I'm not sure where throughout the years the "Slam" in the supposedly infamous GrandSlam has gone, but I experienced a grand piece of crap on a plate.P.S. - please hire prettier / friendlier / more enthusiastic waitresses. Love, Wesley.
2	Open 24 hours with minimal choices of entrees to pick from the menu. Not cool when you're out late...drinking like a fish and dancing till your feet hurt. After a good night out, I'm expecting something that will hit the spot and make me sleep like a baby after. Don't come here if that's  exactly what you're looking for. Too bad there's really no late night spots in the valley. This is the time when I really miss New Yorks street vendors with ridiculous lines at 3am or Chinatown where you can eat to your hearts content & fall asleep in the back seat while someones driving you home or the diners where the menu is filled with so much choices but guaranteed a hearty meal or.....What a disappointment
5	This is no ordinary Denny's!  Whether it's the stereotypical drunk Scottsdale douches fighting in the restaurant or wasted skanks having diarrhea in the parking lot, this Denny's is guaranteed to entertain. I've witnessed some crazy and disturbing shit (literally) at this place while enjoying a Denny's Bacon Slam Burger and chocolate shake at 2am after a night out at the the Dogg or Ernie's. I'll only eat at this Denny's.  All other Denny's simply aren't worth it!
4	THAT'S RIGHT...I'm reviewing a Denny's!  LOL.  Let me just begin by saying, I don't drink, and I was at this Denny's at 2:30 AM after the bars closed in Old Town, and it was still pretty damn good...which says something for a Denny's!  The server, A.J. was a really chill dude, with a really laid back vibe, despite having drunken debauchery run rampant around him.  He still provided great service, and dealt with the wide array of patrons that were there at that hour.  I was really impressed, having been in the night club industry a lot many years ago, and having frequented late night spots to eat, and being horribly disappointed that this place was not only staffed well but also cooked well at that hour.  So much so, I felt compelled to Yelp a freakin' Denny's...that's saying something.
1	Service is SLOOOOOOW at best. Took ten (10!!) minutes to get a drink refill and our waitress only had three tables!! She also was uninterested in the customers and had zero personality (not a requirement for the job, but hey at least let the customer THINK you are having a semi-decent day). I guess all the cars in the parking lot were from diners at Indulge Burger or Jersy Mikes. The chain has tried to up their food choices and quality in part by offering sizzling skillets. I ordered one and there was not one sizzle to be heard besides the sizzle in my mouth from the INSANELY spicy sausage. I couldn't eat it, and might I add nowhere on the menu did it mention it was even slightly spicy. I could have breathed fire...I guess there's a reason why you're half empty on a Sunday morning - will never go there again. Ugh.
3	What's there to say. It's Denny's. The foods not awful, but not great either. It works in a pinch after a night of bar hopping.
