5	I love art.This theatre is a gem, pushing work ranging from experimental to polished, from English to French and everything in between, from comedy to tragedy to some other thing.I've had the pleasure of performing here at their annual Sketch Festival. Alain and Mark run the place, and they treat their performers like performers are supposed to be treated. Which is, incidentally, very good.By consequence of performing here, I've also been able to catch a few of the shows they put on, including original bilingual productions, and weekly improv nights. It's all about the art here. It's about people who love what they are doing, and love pushing it to new levels.The venue itself is an intimate space, with a bar up front and two-ish levels of seating. It's across from a strip club where you might be able to catch the silhouettes of lovely-ish ladies dancing in the windows during the early hours of the night!If you live in the area, check out what they have going on, and go to it.I'm so upset I missed the a Capella / barbershop group that was performing last time I was in town.
4	This is very quaint little theater....and when I mean quaint it's REALLY quaint. It's super low-key and simple with only about 8-10 rows of chairs. I used to come here every Sunday for Sunday night Improv. It's basically survival where people compete in different scenes to get to the top (as top improviser) It used to be a lot funnier when there were certain regular improvisers who would participate every week. But then it became a hit or miss. Sometimes it was funny, sometimes it wasn't. I give this place 4 stars because I like the atmosphere of the theater, it's really cozy and comfortable. Most theaters are too large and bit intimidating personally speaking. But this theater you feel right at home. I came here once for a play as well and even though the stage was small, it didn't even matter. Delivery of script and usage of space was pretty good. I highly recommend visiting this theater for shows/Sunday Night Improv. But I don't guarantee the improv to be funny every Sunday. Oh and they also give improv classes last time I came.
4	Great little space for live theatre and improv. Simple bar on the way in where you can grab beers before and sometimes during shows. Floor sits about 80 people, nice little raised stage and a loft in the back for artist seating, or a different view on the action below if it's open to the public. Bit of a tough area to be in for a mostly English theatre space, but with a focus on comedy, improv and circus Theatre Ste Cat keeps kicking and deserves much love.
5	I love this place. Free improv workshops and then a show every Sunday. Beginners and seasoned performers are welcome.Lots of other performers put on all kinds of shows there - usually comedy based but not always. The vibe is simply awesome!!
4	an intimate venue perfect for some up close face to face with performers. it's a great place to catch some standup routine while enjoying a cold one (bar is at the entrance). if you sit front row, expect to be an unwilling (or maybe willing) participant in some comedian set.acoustic is great. well, hard to mess that up when the theater is tiny. always had a great time here during the JFL fest.it's mostly general admission but there's no such thing as a bad seat unless you don't want to sit next to the stage.the toilet on the other hand.. there's some wall decals but it's dirty! not as bad as some public toilet in the neighborhood but *shudder*
