5	I met Karen through a mutual friend after talking about our mutual love for Real Estate. She sent me one of her clients that were relocating to the LA area. What a privilege that was!!!!I found out that Karen not only tells you that she cares for her clients, but actually comes through with that statement.  I was able to witness that trust and loyalty that her clients have for her and all that is built into the client-care that she has for them.  As you can see any referrals going to the Phoenix, AZ area are going to Karen because I want my clients to experience her care for their need.She is a lovely lady, easy to talk and to develop a fast friendship. If you have any Real Estate needs in the Phoenix, AZ area give her a call. You will not be disappointed.
5	Over the 6 years that I've known Karen, she has helped my wife and I sell two houses and purchase one.  The only reason she didn't help us buy a 2nd house was because we were moving to an apartment out of state.She is a fantastic negotiator, and pushes hard to get you the things you want in a contract.Karen is always on top of details, and knows the business extraordinarily well to make sure everything goes smoothly.  I've worked with other realtors in the past where you wonder if they are missing something, or some detail will be overlooked which could cause everything to get messed up.  With Karen, I slept awesome at night knowing that she was always looking out for our best interests and had everything taken care of.I can't recommend her more!
5	Karen,Thank you so much for all your help in finding a temporary residency for my client!!I will always remember, in just few hours after providing you w/ a list of requirements my client desired, I had results of several properties to choose from!! This made the experience that much more exciting for my client and also helped elevate the additional stress of searching and finding the right location on their own.You are truly wonderful at what you do!Thank you again,Christopher MoralesTechnical Recruiter- Impact Technology Recruiting.
