4	I've been to this location about 10 times now and I've only encountered 1 problem.  I've always received the right food, and the times that I had to wait awhile were obviously because of the place being really busy.  At those times, I remember there being an apology and that was that!  So, everything runs smoothly here and expect the right food to come out, and that it will be pretty fresh.  The only qualm here is that the staff sometimes (about 20%) ((since i've been here 10 times)) has been weird and uncaring.  One time, I received my food to a singing voice (that was the weird one....which is not bad, but c'mon I just want some food).  The other time was uncaring and completely unprofessional.  The window was crowded with a couple of people just talking and carrying away with the closest guy's back to me (with the window open) until the food came, in which he gave a very insincere "thanks" with a fake smile and quickly continued back to his life-or-death conversation about the state of Louisiana or some crap like that.  That was just completely unprofessional, but then again, it's a well known drive-thru service so what do you expect.  That's the only reason I couldn't give it 5 stars but nevertheless, I'm a fan of this location.
3	I like the original chicken sandwich and those awesome waffle fries, but I'm making healthier choices lately. I went with the grilled chicken sandwich. It comes with lettuce, tomato and pickle (I forgot to hold that pickle - I hate it!) and at 260 calories is an excellent alternative to the regular chicken that weighs in at 430. (The Big Mac from the McDonald's next door waddles onto the scale at 540 calories.) Hot, juicy and full of flavor, it's a great sandwich.Chick-Fil-A does not have a "healthy" side item. Those yummy waffle fries (which I skipped) are 420 calories and 24 grams of fat. The alternative Carrot and Raisin Salad is 260 calories and 12 grams of fat. It's a good thing these places have to publish nutrition information or I would have thought I was doing well with this option!I got it with a bottle of water (they don't have any non-caffeine non-calorie options). Paired with the grilled sandwich, a reasonably healthy choice. I later learned, not so healthy. This yummy sandwich had an INSANE 1650 GRAMS OF SODIUM - more than two thirds the recommended daily maximum! D'oh!Warning! The sandwich drips, as my white shirt learned early on in this encounter. Be prepared.Chick-Fil-A is NOT open on Sundays.
5	Chick-Fil-A is amazing and we need one in Chicago. I went to the one in the Carolina Place Food Court, delicious! I got the grilled chicken & fruit salad and it was ready before I had even finished paying the lady at the cashier! Came with everything in your usual salad, plus some amazing freshly grilled chicken fruit and granola, sunflower seeds and croutons :) was delicious and next time im in the area im definitely going back. oh and they even approached us while we were eating-in the middle of a busy mall food court-and asked how us our meal was! if that isnt southern hospitality i dont know what is
4	The first fast food place I've been to with legitimately healthy options!
4	Pressed for time, so nothing fancy, exotic or overly expensive for lunch today. So Chick-Fil-a it was. I always liked this place. No fillers, just straight up chicken on a bun. Tasty as heck Chicken at that. This is a fast food chain that is always a pleasure to eat at simply because of the demeanor of the employees. The service is always great and even better than some sit down restaurants. I picked up a late lunch at 1:50. My nuggets and fries were a little soggy today, but still tasty nonetheless. Their Polynesian sauce is the best!
5	You may not think that Chick-Fil-A could get any better than it usually is, but in this case, you would be wrong.  For it was at this very location, just over eight years ago, that I proposed to my wife (for those of you who have not had the pleasure of meeting her, she said yes).That is correct.  I asked her to marry me over tasty chicken sandwiches during lunch.  No fancy trappings.  No trip to the beach or the mountains.  No special band or even a serenade from an over-the-hill pop star.  Even better is that I did not even have the ring.  Just a standard business lunch at a fast food restaurant when the moment seemed right.  And best of all, she had no clue.  She was so surprised that I nearly had to ask her twice.  Yet still she said yes.As Barnabas Stinson would say, it was legend - wait for it - ary.Okay, most of you probably will not propose at any Chick-Fil-A let alone this one, and for that reason, it is not going to get five stars from you.  For that matter, I doubt that I will ever do so again, so it might be pushing it for five stars from me.  But it is still a nice example of the chain, and well worth a visit.  Nothing really out of the ordinary, and as is my fashion, I suggest getting the fries well done, or they can come out a bit limp.  No one likes limp fries.And just in case you are wondering, the ring did come along eventually.  She got it over breakfast at a bagel joint.  At least for that one I got down on one knee.
4	They didn't invent the chicken sandwich, they just made it better. Much better!This location is right next to a McD's an Arby's and a couple of sub places, so it's always hopping busy. Never stressed, the crew here seems to do a solid job and they've yet to mess me up.I don't want to look under the covers and find out if Chik-Fil-A is any healthier than McDonald's. I'm just going to continue in my intentional bliss that it's chicken and therefore it has to be better than anything that Mickey D's has to offer. La la la la! Not listening!Best invention at the Fil-A? Waffle fries! OMG, perfection. I could eat these all day long.One tip. I really can't stand that pickle on my chicken sandwich. Even if I take it off, the taste is still there. They'll make you a fresh one if you ask. I just always forget to ask. Argh!Other than seeing Dave Thomas in the Wendy's commercials, the Chik-Fil-A "Cows" are the best fast food campain. Seeing them on billboards and in commercials with "Eat Mor Chikin" is always funny. Nicely done, guys!
5	This was probably one of the cleanest Chick Fil A's I've ate at, and that's saying something for it to look that good during thier lunch rush at 12:30.Another good thing is they had three people taking orders, so you werent waiting all day just to palce your order.I think other place should take note during the lunch hour!
5	LOVE this location! It's always very clean. The staff is very pleasant and a huge bonus is that more often than not when you get your food order it's HOT!!!! How often now a day, can we say that for a fast food joint???I love how the associates say "my pleasure" if you ask them for a refill or an additional packet of Chick-Fil-A sauce...Last night I decided to have their spicy sandwich and a mini sundae. The sandwich was cooked perfectly...I don't know what they put in their batter but if I can ever get my hands on it....it would be heaven....and the spices were not too overpowering but added some nice flavor to a classic....do I think I'll never go back to the orginal...nope! But this is a good alternative! The mini sundae was so cute and for $.99 it will satisfy your sweet craving its their soft serve ice cream, hot fudge, whip cream and a cherry....YUMMY and its a mini so you cant really feel all that bad about eating it! :)I love everything here...and I can't wait to go back!
4	food = exactly as expected and came incredibly quick, like before we were done payinh quickcleanliness = nearly immaculateemployees = friendliest employees I've ever encountered at a fast food chain. even the manager came over and asked us how everything was, and then at the end of the meal, he took my tray for me!overall it was a very pleasant experience. fries could have been a little crispier and a pump ketchup would have been nice instead of the packets. but I would definitely go back
4	This location is always quick and friendly...  I used to come a lot more often, but I've slowed down considerably...  I'm just going to go ahead and say it:  The grilled nuggets are not even worth the calories you save...  If you want to be healthy, just get a salad or eat somewhere else... I was completely underwhelmed... I love the lemonade here, much like all the rest of them... And of course, the fries are awesome...
5	...
3	First time I have ever been to this chick fil a, I usually go to the ones on the south side of town. The drive thru line was insane. Took at least 20 min to make it to the window. Love the food but the wait is ridiculous. It's supposed to be "fast food"!
3	First impression is slow. At lunch the drive through is wrapping around the building.  Inside service is not much faster.  The food is fine. Standard for the chain. Clean and a good place for families. Calories provided and a variety of choices make eating here healthy.  A good place if you're not in a hurry.
