5	We were staying at the Boulders and really wanted to ride in an ATV!  Unfortunately, we didn't have a rental car to get us to any of the ATV companies around.  HOWEVER, Green Zebra saved the day!  The offered complimentary hotel pick-up and drop-off from the Boulders Resort.  It is about an hour drive to the actual reservation where we took our nearly 2 hour ride.  It costs $129 per person for 2 folks in the vehicle.  It is $59 for a child with a paying adult, and $179 if you want to be the only driver!  It was worth the price, without a doubt!I stick get sick when flying and riding rollercoasters so this gave me a similar type thrill without the motion sickness!  Don't get me wrong this isn't for the faint at heart, but definitely for the young at heart!  There were small kids to "seasoned" citizens on the ride with us.We followed an energetic guide "Mark", thru the desert, up over the hills, twisting and turning, and going faster and faster!  It was a great thrill!  We had 3 stops where we could take pictures, and switch drivers.  The course started off easy and progressed in difficulty throughout the ride.  It was an awesome off-road adventures for 2 city girls who had never been on an ATV!  I will definitely go again!They offer tours in several exotic locations, so if look them up if you have a chance!
4	Even if you have a car, let Green Zebra pick you up from your hotel.  On the way there, I was a bit restless that the ride took so long but on the way back, I was glad that I didn't get my dirty self into our own car.  Trust me, you will get very dirty.There were 3 of us in the Tomcar and it cost $129+tax for the first 2 people and $59+tax for the 3rd person.  There are 3 switching points so you can have 4 drivers total.  With our huge goggles and bandanas covering the bottom half of our faces, we looked like a group of bank robbers. The 3rd leg is the most fun to drive and of course, I was the one who drove that section.  I am an aggressive driver and the guide car didn't drive fast enough for my aggressive personality.  However, it was probably for the better since we should always put safety first.
5	Can't say enough about how much fun we had at Green Zebra Adventures.  Mark was our guide and he was awesome - safety conscious, knowledgeable, and also had a great sense of humor.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a great time.  Thanks again to Mark!
4	On a recent 'business trip' to Scottsdale, my fellow co-workers and I had an entire free day to ourselves, and wanted to see the sites of Arizona.  I was dying to go hiking, but the rest of the crew seemed keen on 'dune buggies', so the 4 of us booked the Tomcar tour- and I'm really glad I was vetoed on the hiking.Phil, our tour guide, handled our shenanigans well- and took us on an amazing tour of the desert.  I not only learned a TON about the terrain(who knew cacti were that old??) but I also had a fantastic time taking in the sites.  Phil was awesome!The only thing that wasn't up to par was the person who helped book the tour.  The actual office management needs a little work, as there was a screw-up in billing.  I know mistakes happen, but it was the way it was handled that could use a bit of improvement.Otherwise?  I wouldn't definitely go back the next time I find myself in AZ :)
5	I took this tour and had a great time!Our tour guide was Philip and he wasgreat. We got to see a bald eagle and his fletchling on the tour. My husband and I got to take turns with the driving.Overall we had a great time and wouldhighly recommend this tour to anyone!!
4	After terrifying our entire group with talks of rattlesnakes and scorpions we were sent on our way to fend for ourselves amongst the desert creatures with nothing but a bandana and a dune buggy to protect us... and it was a blast!Ok, that's not entirely true. We were briefed on the dangers of rattlesnakes and scorpions, as well as shown pictures of a giant one they had found a couple weeks back, but we were not sent out on our own... we had Tom as our guide. We took the dune buggy tour through the desert as the opening event to my bachelor party week-long extravaganza and had a pretty enjoyable time. All of the people we met at Fort McDowell Adventures were extremely knowledgeable and friendly and had everyones safety as their top priority. So while he did show us pictures of a rattlesnake, I don't think anyone was worried about getting bit. The dune buggies themselves are Tomcar Israeli combat vehicles, so they weren't quite what I was picturing in my head. These have windshields and are a little higher off the ground that what I was expecting. And I think we all had something a little different in mind than what the tour turned out to be. The tour itself lasted about 2.5 - 3 hours with a couple stops along the way to stretch our legs, switch drives, take pictures and listen to Tom talk history for a few minutes. He was very informative, but he could tell that we just wanted to drive... which is also why we got done with the tour a little early. And as far as rattlesnakes go, there was 1 just off the trail as we were driving by, but he just sat there and wagged his tongue at us as we drove by. We all had a good time, but I think we were expecting a little more, which was probably our fault. When I heard dune buggies in the desert I immediately thought of huge sand dunes that we'd just get to tear around in for a couple hours. Definitely not the fault of Fort McDowell Adventures at all, just my imagination getting the best of me. We still had a lot of fun and it was a cool experience. I am a little upset that we bypassed what appeared to be an incredible incline that we could have raced up, but other than that I was pleased with the experience. Here's a tip, if you want to take pictures, don't be afraid to bring your camera along. I left mine in the car as I wasn't sure how it would fare on the trail, but as long as you keep it in a front pocket I think you'll be ok...just don't blame me if you do lose it.
5	What an awesome time. We had a great time and what a wonderful way to end our visit in the PHX area. Phillip did a great job. Can't wait to return.If your looking for some fun and hands on adventure.. book it NOW!!!!
5	Great time, wish it was longer ride.  Kirk, our guide was very informative and made the excursion a blast.
