1	I had the absolute worst experience here.  It wasn't the specific doctor (he was just fine and nice) and the location is beautiful .... but the medical assistant(s) for Dr. Syal either have no sense of patient need or have their heads up their asses.  I have several examples to show this but here's the back story.  I suffered a concussion and seeing a neurologist was one of the final steps because the intense headaches weren't going away.  I don't mean, pop an OTC medicine and I'm fine.  I needed prescription painkillers to even somewhat reduce the pain.  So here we go:Example 1: I saw the doctor on a Wednesday afternoon.  He gave me two prescriptions - one migraine medicine and one narcotic painkiller if that first prescription did not work.  He asked his medical assistant to call it in for me so I gave her the pharmacy name and location.  Was it called in that day? No.  Was it called in first thing in the morning? No.  Was it called in after I called around 11 am the next day? Yes.  I had to call the doctor to REMIND HER to call in my pain medicine.  Thanks dear, the last 24 hours, I had no medicine and nothing to help my headaches better.Example 2: The migraine medicine was rejected by my insurance because I had already had the maximum amount filled from an earlier primary care physician appt.  The pharmacist was so apologetic and told me she would call the doctor that morning (Thursday) to try to file an exception with my insurance company.  Did I hear back from the doctor that day? No.  Did I hear back from her within a couple of days? No.  Did she finally call me back after I called the following week to follow up on the exception? Yes. Then she had the audacity to tell me it would take another 72 hours before hearing back.  Well, if you had called the week before, it wouldn't have been another 72 hours.  Mind you, I'm still waiting and it's been about 3 weeks since this happened.Example 3:  The doctor wanted me to have a brain MRI done so I was waiting to hear from the imaging center to schedule an appointment.  When I didn't hear back for a few days, I finally called the neurologist.  The MRI authorization was never released.  Are you kidding me? They released it after I called and got a call from the imaging center the same day.  Example 4:  I finally got the brain MRI completed so I called the neurologist for the results.  They told me they would only call if something was wrong.  Okay, we may have different opinions here but I am the type if a test is done, I want to know the results, whether they're good or bad.  Don't make me sit on my thumbs for a week and just have to assume it's okay.  God forbid my results fell through the cracks and there was actually something wrong and I'm just assuming everything is fine.  It's a brain MRI.  I'd like to know 100% that nothing is wrong but apparently their time is more valuable than their patients' peace of mind.Example 5: Since I didn't hear back about the MRI on Tuesday (it is Thursday) like I was supposed to, I called around 9:30-10:00 am and was told the medical assistant was away from her desk.  It is 4:30 pm and she never called back, although she had enough time to....Example 6: Deny a prescription refill for me.  Go back to Example 2 regarding the fact I was supposed to have that first prescription filled and never got it.  Now, they're denying a refill of the only prescription they gave me.I'm not really sure I need any more examples.  This is a doctors office.  This isn't a restaurant with a bad server or the food wasn't great.  A doctors office should NOT have this many complaints.  Plus, this is a specialist office.  It's for patients that a primary care physician cannot help them with their neurological issue.  Shouldn't they be a little more concerned for their patients' well-being?  To add fuel to the fire, examples 5 & 6 occurred on the Thursday before New Years and they were closed Friday- Monday.  It would have been nice if they had the decency to return their calls before their four-day weekend.  I finally called my health provider after examples 5 & 6 to have me referred to another neurologist because I can't take medical assistants having their heads up their asses and being completely incompetent
1	This place sucks!! The doctors are great but staff sucks.. I waited over 30mins for an ENG test .. The tech was waiting for me.. and i was waiting for him..  i asked how much longer will it be and they acted like they had NO idea who i was.. he asking for his paient as i sat there. HOW ANNOYING!!! WHAT KIND OF OFFICE IS ThIS?!?!?!?!? he wasnt happy either being backed up 30mins ALL DAY NOW! .. This place is THE WORST!!!!!!! DONT GO HERE!!
1	I didn't even want to give this place 1 star. I was at the avondale Location. I've been experiencing strange light headedness, constant dizziness as well as neck tightness and pain and head numbness. Went to my primary for a referral in hope for an X-ray or scan. Had a negative experience at a different neurologist and was hoping this would be more helpful. Nope. Was quick to diagnose me as depressed and suggested I needed a psychiatrist for an anti depressant instead. What I joke. Still have no answers why I'm struggling daily.
1	Well, this will be the 7th review, and the 7th single star review...just read the others cause they are right. So sad, I had such hope. I thought we were so lucky that they could squeeze us in, and only saw two reviews. As I look today, there are 4 more (not reccommended) reviews, who knew.
