5	I called them at 10:30 am on a Friday and they were super accommodating. The shop is beautiful, and my nails are just as great. I wanted stiletto nails, but there were no tips available. My artist built my nails, and made them exactly how I wanted, including 3D bow. I've told all of my friends about them, they're great. I'll definitely be going back.
5	Just happened to notice this place open up literally within walking distance to my house. Decided to check it out and was pleasantly surprised. The staff is super friendly but most importantly is the space. It's light, airy, contemporary and CLEAN, like spotless clean. Definitely will be my new go-to nail place.
5	My friend recommended this place for me. They do an amazing job on 3-D nails and on my eyelash extensions! Affordable prices and the staff takes their time on you!
5	I needed to kill an hour so I stopped in here for a pedi and gel manicure.  They had a short 10 minute wait and did a great job.  Extra attention to detail, nice selection of colors, clean and they did the work in a timely fashion.I will be back, especially since they gave me a coupon for my next visit $15 off!  Make sure and check in on yelp for 20% off your first visit too.
5	Wife says: New products, great selection of colors, and was able to try a matte top coat versus the classic shiny one! Ask for David. Good music playing too! Nice ambiance!
5	Love!!! From the moment I arrived I was treated like VIP. Awesomeness! They take their time to make sure everything is perfect, the salon is CLEAN and relaxing, there's no smell like some other salons and  the owner is a doll and made sure I was extra comfortable. I'm 6 months pg, so comfort is huge! They were even patient with all my breaks..lol. Not super close to my house but totally worth the drive, I'll definitely be back.
5	This Salon is new and clean!!Japanese nail technician do an excellent job! I've finally found new favorite nail spot in Vegas I will be going back for sure...
5	Used the Groupon. Well worth it. They even gave me a card to return for the same price. Japanese establishment. Very clean and well decorated.  Professional friendly staff. They really took the time. They carry multiple brands and colors of gel polish , and they know what they are doing. Highly recommend
5	Such a cute place as soon as you enter! Very very clean and they have phenomenal customer service! Friendly & not the typical nail shop where it's loud and they play weird music or something lol. The chairs are so comfortable and definitely not like the ones I've ever sat in. Heated water basin for your feet plus massage chair!! Honestly, everything looks brand new! Ooh another thing I loved was that my phone was dying and they offered to charge my phone with their charger! So sweet!! Definitely coming back as a regular!!
5	Hands down the best experience I've had getting a gel mani and a pedicure in Vegas!!! The technicians I had were so friendly and accommodating!  They both took their time and ensured I was satisfied with the way my nails looked.  I didn't feel like they were rushing and just going through the motions like I have felt in the past at other nail salons.  The location is easily accessible, VERY clean and welcoming.  The music was upbeat and fun and the massage chairs were to die for!  I will definitely be coming back here and for the deal I got I highly recommend trying this place out!!!
