4	Very friendly service, nice atmosphere and free wifi.  Coffee is good, not superb.
4	This Caribou is cozy--much smaller than the one in Oakland, but happily much quieter--and connects to Joseph-Beth Bookstore if you need a latte while you browse. They have (some) plush furniture and feature the same amenities that Caribous usually do: free WiFi, trivia questions for a discount, and, for the winter, drinks made with chocolate bars melted in. Need I say more?
4	Friendly staff knows many customers by name. Coffee as good as anywhere else. Nice location.
4	I've always experienced friendly staff here; makes it feel more like a local joint than massive chain. They've got several nice comfy chairs, and seem to always have a steady stream of customers.Check out their happy hour, every day from 3-6:$1 warm chocolate cookies$3 medium hit or cold chocolate drinks
4	One my first trip to Pittsburgh at the beginning of February of this year, We tried to fit in as much as we could on our little get away weekend. Since there was so much to see and do in so little time, we had to make pit stops for coffee when we could. We stayed in a seedy little Red Roof Inn that offered something gross. I love my Starbucks - it's tried and true - however when I'm out of town, I like to try things outside of that local conglomerate.Enter a different type of conglomerate, Caribou Coffee. I'd never tried this before and since I'm so not a coffee aficionado I asked the barista to make me something along the lines of a hot mocha (so sue me, Starbucks is my life!). He happily obliged by making me an espresso with rich dark chocolate, whipped cream (hey I'm on vacation!) and chocolate chips. SOO YUMM!  With cozy, intimate seating and tables, I was sad we had to dine and dash. Hopefully Caribou Coffee will eventually migrate down south to Houston before Starbucks eats them up (Looking at you Seattle's Best).
4	As an avid coffee fan, I have to say that Caribou has won me over. They have free Wi-Fi, which is great if you find yourself in the area and you need to do some work via computer. When you walk in the door, you feel like you've left the Southside and entered a cozy ski lodge. They even have a fireplace surrounded by big, comfy chairs -definitely a plus when you're looking for a place to relax and sip on some espresso. One of the cool things about Caribou is that it has a wider variety of menu items than your typical coffee shop. The oatmeal (try their Blueberry Almond flavor, so good!), breakfast sandwiches and snacks are much better than what you can get at your local Starbucks. If you're not a coffee person, Caribou also has some really good flavored teas. Overall, a great place to get your caffeine fix.
4	Not your standard chain coffee shop.  It may have the "big ticket" items, like the pre-made pastries, but it makes up for it in every other way.This location has tons of space to work, chill out and read or catch up with friends.  The barista's have ALWAYS been super friendly, which I very much enjoy (I'm chatty, what can I say!) and they seem to encourage local happenings.  There's a board to post events in the back and a list of upcoming performances there.  I also noticed blackboard paint being painted on the wall today which I'm supposing will be for more postings??I do love me some Campfire Mocha's in the winter, because who doesn't love marshmallow in their hot chocolate/mocha's?  I had a craving for an iced bevvie, being like 79 in March (what, what?!) so I ordered an iced sugar free caramel latte.  I like that they have a decent selection of sugar free syrups too (something Starbucks doesn't have!).  Surprisingly there's not too many coffee shop choices on the South Side, but this one is a winner AND drumroll....FREE WIFI!
4	While recovering from a recent surgery and spending 3 days a week on the Southside for therapy at UPMC, I found myself at Caribou a lot. Usually I would skip the chain and go for the locally owned place a block away. But Caribou won my heart over one day. With their delicious mini sands and their Reindeer blend coffee, I found myself returning several times a week. These days, I find coffee shops that have sandwiches is a rare gem. Why is that? The staff there is more than friendly; Very upbeat and open to having a conversation. I felt very welcomed here, and my stomach was happy as well!Most of all, the selection of seating was wonderful. I found I needed a high seat to be comfortable and able to work. Caribou has a nice selection of high tables, regular tables and comfortable seats, enough to please everyone! I love the atmosphere here. And the wifi is fast and easy to connect to. Winning!
5	the cafe meow is my favorite! everyone here is so nice. it's a really cute place to hang out too. Love the vibe
4	I like it. Came in here to enjoy a fresh cup of coffee and just relax and chat with some friends. All of the tables were taken but a nice lady let us sit with her as she was knitting.I like the atmosphere, it kind of reminds me of a place up in Ottawa called Bridgehead. A very welcoming feeling to it.
5	My go-to spot! Quiet and casual in the evenings for work, with nice big tables or desks. Hopping and bright on the weekends for catching up with friends or preparing for your day. The staff is the best part, they remember my name even when I haven't been in for awhile. For a sweet drink try the campfire mocha with white chocolate, for refreshing try a sparking iced tea. The espresso in any drink is stronger than most places, never a bad thing!
