5	I have been suffering from a bad head cold the last few days and after putting it off I decided I needed to do something about it. Only problem is, it's the day before Christmas Eve. Most doctors are off on vacation.I found the Las Vegas Strip Urgent Care through a friend. I was unsure about the service since I am used to sitting in a lobby or waiting room and filing out all kinds of paperwork but I didn't have many other options. I called the doctor and was surprised when he answered. No receptionist or automated machine. A real human! I told him my symptoms and that I could probably use some antibiotics. He was very polite and asked me several questions to ensure it wasn't anything serious. He recommended I take a Z pack and told me he could meet me to deliver the medication. I was relieved since this meant no waiting for a pharmacy or driving around town. He provided me with much needed antibiotics and I am on my way to a healthy holiday. Thank you 24 Hour Vegas Doctor!
4	I was seen in a timely manner. I thought I had broken my hand and with the on-site X-ray machine, my suspicions were confirmed. The doctor was polite and funny. If you don't have a GP or are a tourist I would suggest going here over the hospital across the street. I was patched up and sent on my way in about an hour.
5	I woke up this morning with Fever Blisters/cold sores  aka herpes on my lips.    Always tried over the counter remedies.. Non work so years ago my Dr called in Valtrex.   It stops the spreading.   While on Vacation I had an outbreak due to having a fever all night.   I had  one Valtrex with me.   So I called my Dr's office at home (Texas)   After waiting an hour for the call..... The Dr on call said since I have not been in the office in a year... She couldn't call in a prescription. I asked just for 2 days worth and said I will come see you when I get back home in a few days.   She said call an urgent care in Vegas.   So I started thinking.. Where can I find one out here... Well to no surprise they are all over.   Who wants to wait 2 hours to be seen.. When you know what is wrong and what you need?  I called this place.. DR Logan answers to the phone.   2 options.. Come to me in Hotel or based on what he here's and past medial experience he was able to do a visit over the phone.   $50.. 15-20 mins later based on all kinds of medical questions and routine he was able to call in a prescription for a few days at Walgreens.   Apparently the laws are different out here.   He even offered to call my Dr at home and talk to them  I said no.   He was very careful in his process.   Then he gives me his cell phone number and said call me 24/7 Thank God for this service.   I may have been given all of these options based on how confident I was with my issue and past experience and I am a guest of the city and not a resident.   No guarantees you will get over the phone visit.. I think it had to do with how I know exactly what was wrong with me.   Point is... No need to wait in line and spend a fortune at Urgent care facilities.    $50 and I was done.
5	Had very painful Knee phoned these guys and within 30 mins Dr Logan in my room very professional and thorough sorted me a couple of shots and organised prescriptions to be picked up. At the time he saw me I could hardly make it to the rooms bathroom. Next morning I've walked over to the Mall outstanding service and treatment. He also called to check up on me 2 hrs after he saw me to make sure I was OK. Highly recommended saved my vacation.
