5	This place is a total jewel off the beaten path!  If you're looking for a light lunch comprised of salad or sandwich, or perhaps even just a snack, this is the place to come!Located a mere 20 feet from the strip, if you eat on the terrace of Sugar & Ice you will feel yourself transported far away from the noise and commotion of Las Vegas.   Instead, you'll feel relaxed and refreshed as you sit by a large pond and three story waterfall.I had the Tomato & mozzarella panini, perfectly toasted, and it was a wondeful sandwich!   Served with homemade potato chips, it was a very nice lunch and a calm and soothing way to end our Las Vegas weekend.Even though we were sitting outside where the temperature was 106, we felt nice and not hot at all, thanks to the cooling effect of the waterfall.  Truly this is a hidden jewel, but totally worth the try!
3	This is as close as Wynn gets to an ice cream parlor. This place serves desserts and light snacks. It has a view of part of Wynn's water features. I've been here a few times, but so far haven't had anything except gelato. Coconut crunch varies from very good to excellent - very good coconut flavor, rich ice cream, and a pleasing crunch. Peanut butter ice cream is merely good - rich ice cream, but the peanut butter/chocolate flavor is too sweet.While the food is nothing to get excited about, it's a very pleasant place to stop and relax, especially if you can snag a table outside, right next to the waterfall.  Stare into the mist and forget you're in Las Vegas (ignore the minor distraction of a 3,000 room hotel in the background).
5	I love this little cafe! It really is more of a stop for Sugar and Ice (cream that is) than a lunch. But they do have a great location in the Wynn esplanade. It is the perfect stop at the end of a stroll down the shops. Yes, this is they Wynn so they have to pay for all the beautiful flowers they keep in bloom around the hotel, so everything in this hotel is expensive.It is just one of those cute places that you can stop in for a quick lunch or dessert instead of doing dessert at one of their sit down restaurants!
3	Seeing as my friends and I needed some nourishment before partying like rock stars, we ended up grabbing salads and taking in the view of the terrace outside complete with waterfall. As we waited for our food and seeing as it was still 90+ degrees, we opted to move back into the restaurant where the air conditioning would keep us cool as well as our salads. However, upon entering back in, the waiter mentions (my friends say jokingly but I think otherwise) he was glad we came back in because he was waiting for us. Was he trying to be smart with us? I dunno but not expected for a 5-diamond hotel. The salads were okay and mine was drenched with too much Italian dressing. On second thought, it was actually swimming in it. Next time I'll ask for dressing on the side.
4	Droool........drool.....        ....droooool....HICCUP!Date Rating: 8Pick up Scale: 2Strong Suggestions: Stick to the ice cream. Double Chocolate Fudge Brownie something or other... or Mint chocolate chip.  MMMM sorbet.
5	This is a terrific little place.  The gelato is great, but the location is better.  It is at the end of the Esplanade at the Wynn.  When we were in there one Thursday evening in late July the place was virtually empty, with the exception of a lovely young couple and their three kids.  The couple was Andre Agassi and Stefanie Graf.  It was fun watching their familiy interacting and thoroughly enjoying themselves.  Their kids were having an absolutely great time.   By the way,  I highly recommend the chocolate shakes.
4	Food: I came here for ice cream (which I originally thought was gelato!). The ice cream here is good. They also have other items here like salads, sandwiches, and burgers. I believe there was this huge $25 burger which looked delicious!Price: Pretty cheap, a nice place to dine for lunchLocation: Located in the Wynn, a short walk from Fashion Show Mall or Treasure Island.Atmosphere: I liked the atmosphere here. Sugar and Ice is very cute, it looks like the inside of gingerbread house or something! Also there is outdoor seating near a waterfall.Service: Okay, not super friendly at all
5	What a nice little find at Wynn Hotel! This place not only serves ice cream by also, lunch selections such as sandwiches, soups, salads. Prices are naturally what one would expect to find in an upscale hotel, but then when you think about it, it's not THAT much when you consider how much everything else is in comparison.One scoop of ice cream was $4.50 and a grilled cheese sandwich with a bowl of tomato soup was $8.50 (just to give you an idea).Service wasn't bad, it is counter service and then you go sit down and they are supposed to bring your food out (they give you a number) but then I noticed most people went up to the counter and got their own food.There is a waterfall right outside on the patio area which creates lovely background scenery if you like that sort of stuff. It was way too hot to sit outside so we enjoyed it from within. The ice cream was really good though, creamy and rich. Reminded me of Piccomolo in Irvine. Can't review the other stuff because we only ate the ice cream.
4	At the tail end of our trip to Vegas, we roamed around the Wynn hotel and stopped in here for a snack. Cute little ice cream/sandwich caf at the end of row of stores (the most upscale, high-end retail stores you'll find anywhere) at the north end of the Wynn.  The boy ordered a large scoop of the mango and coconut ice cream ($5), and I got a bowl of tomato soup ($5). Probably the most reasonable food items you'll get in this hotel, but still pretty tasty. They have about 10 or so ice cream flavors (gelato-style) and a good selection of sandwiches that looked pretty good too. Just as impressive (or more) than the food is the outside patio area that looks over several man-made gushing waterfalls and a river that pours into the front lagoon area of the hotel. Truly a Vegas-style wilderness touch to make you feel like you're not really in the desert.
3	Although it was winter, after being a tourist and walking 2 hours from the Bellagio to finally end up at the Wynn, it was time for an afternoon snack. Being in the Wynn, the prices for this ice cream place was little high, but that was expected. I wanted a pick me up so I got a scoop of homemade coffee ice cream in a sugar cone. The scoop was freaking huge! I think I def crashed from the sugar and caffeine high after eating my cone. I wish they had kids scoops cause one scoop was too much. The coffee flavor was also really strong coffee so if my seving was halved, I prob would have been happier, too.
4	Very good dessert and sandwiches. Great place for lunch. They also have hamburgers, and desserts, like their homemade ice creams. The coconut crunch, cherry almond, and pistachio ice creams are really good. The double chocolate with oreos is really sweet. I have yet to try the rest. I've had the blt sandwich, and I think it tastes good with the crossiant as the bread. Again, this is a place to appreciate the Wynn hotel. They have an outdoor patio area with its very own lake and waterfalls. Great picture taking place!
2	I thought the ice cream was waaaayyyyyyy too sweet.  I can't remember the last time I tossed half an ice cream cone in the trash, but I just couldn't finish it!  My wife's chocolate milk shake was overwhelming, too.  And we LOVE sweets!
4	good sandwiches, good godly ice cream, good outside patio, good view of the waterfall, good ice coffees.  Whats not to like??? oh yea a lil bit pricy minus 1 star!
4	Prices notwithstanding, Sugar and Ice is pretty darn yummy! Sure, it's $6 for ice cream and $11 for mini burgers, but I didn't expect any less from an ice cream shop located in the Wynn.What I did expect was for the food to be delicious - and it was.We ordered two scoops of ice cream - cookies and cream and stracciatella (vanilla with flecks of dark chocolate). Both were rich, creamy and sweet - the cookies and cream wasn't your average run-of-the-mill with boxed oreos, instead there were large hunks of chocolate chip cookie in the ice cream. Mmmm. The stracciatella was also yum, with chocolate laced generously throughout. The scoops were large - still not worth $6, but definitely not skimpy.I ordered Kobe beef sliders to go, and we took it back to our hotel. The little burgers were perfect bites - with tiny tomatoes, melted cheese, and the rest of the fixings! The fries were also perfect - crispy, crunchy and just hit the spot. Sure, I paid a hefty price for it - so I was going to enjoy every single bite. I compared my to-go box to the plates I'd seen served in the restaurant, and I'd like to think that I got more portion-wise.For a place with Steve Wynn standards, expect Steve Wynn prices.
4	My husband and I stopped  at Sugar & Ice one morning as we were waiting for shops to start opening at 10am.  The food and drink were a little pricey, but good.  I had a delicious iced latte and we sat out on the patio watching the waterfall.  It was relaxing, and a great way start off the morning.
4	We had a quick lunch here after my winning streak at the Wynn and before heading over to window shop at the mall. The man went with the special of the day-Kobe beef sliders with fries and I had a caprese panini. Both of our dishes were served on house made rolls which were fresh and tasty. The sliders were beautifully presented and delicious and the fries were crispy and perfect for sharing. My sandwich was nicely balanced with ripe tomatoes and good pesto which was mild enough for my guy to eat (he doesn't typically like pesto). We sat outside under a large umbrella with a waterfall right in front of us giving off a lovely breeze. It made me think of being in Hawaii and I forgot for just a moment we were in 105 degree weather.The ice cream concoctions other guests were eating looked yummy as well, but we abstained.
4	I would definitely go back to Sugar & Ice next time I'm at the Wynn.  We had two different smoothies (mine was the berry lemonade) and it was very good.  My husband said his was a tad too sweet, but he finished it all, so... :)  Yes, it's pricey and the ladies behind the counter weren't very friendly at all, but it's a cute place with an awesome view.  I'd go again.
4	I was bored outta my mind inside the Wynn shopping area waiting for the women in my group to leave Manolo's when I saw the oasis known as Sugar & Ice and the ice cream display facing the outside.  I immediately went there and saw the different flavors.  I automatically thought it was gelato so I asked to taste a scoop of the Tiramisu and the Bananas Foster flavors(found out later it was ice cream).  Holy moly both were awesome but I wasn't too hungry.  So the girl gave me a half scoop of each in a cup for $5.  Next time if I have to wait anywhere in that shopping area, I''m going straight there.
3	Cute place to get some dessert. The staff was very nice. The flavors of ice cream and sorbet are decadent. The prices were pretty high but we got some anyway. The flavors were spot on, totally delicious.
3	There was a chunk of chocolate the size of a thumb in my ice cream... and I don't think it was a mistake.Way to go, you magnificent ice creamiers!
3	Ive been to this place a couple of times to have a sandwich for breakfast. They have good tuna sandwich, good tomato and mozzarella sandwich, good coffee, only complaint is that it usually runs you about $30 per person, and for a sandwich, a coffee, and a drink thats a bit expensive.
2	When they mean sugar and ice they are not kidding! In preparation for my upcoming Vegas trip, I thought it was time for me to catch up on my Vegas reviews since I am looking for advice on where to go as well.  Avoid this place! Tourist trap...sure it may LOOK pretty and enticing but it is fail! This is not gelato... I have been all over Europe last year ...11 countries... and this place is a joke and the price is pretty highMy new goal of late is to try as many new places as possible and to let people know what to expect.  The reviews were deceiving and I was expecting some delicious gelato but found myself standing there with 2 scoops and a chocolate waffle cone for $10 are you kidding me! For that price I could get 10 Virgin Pina Coladas in any hotel just by tipping the server.  The cone was too sugary.  Their chocolate coating didn't even taste like real chocolate but waxy sweetness that was not worth the money or calories.  I have yet to find a good gelato place in Vegas.  Don't fall for the pretty cases! lol
4	A quaint spot, without the Wynn prices!We ordered the Kobe Beef Sliders and Chili Cheese Fries.  The sliders were pretty good.  The buns were soft and toasty.  The kobe beef was tasty.  The fries were perfect.  The chili cheese fries were just right (wasn't feeling Tommy's style Chili Cheese fries).  Shared some of the sweet potato fries which were a nice compliment.The ambiance was cool, service was quick and nice.  Would go back for that quick snizzack in between buffets! =)
4	While looking for a place for lunch, my friends and I walked into the Wynn and stumbled upon Sugar & Ice. It was a really cute place with decor that reminded me of Alice in Wonderland.They had a special for kobe beef sliders that were only $10 and REALLY good! My friend got the same thing and the other friend got the tomato soup and grilled cheese that she also enjoyed.Ice cream was on the expensive side and nothing special in my opinion, but sliders and decor were great!
3	This place has everything!Tons of house made ice cream (they have a double chocolate oreo that I got to taste - very good), milk shakes, fro yo, and various sandwiches, burgers, and salads. Everytime I've been here has been for fro yo - I've tried the chocolate fro yo, and the vanilla fro yo. Both hit the spot, and they are generous on portions!They also have a lot of cute boots and chairs, and a balcony area opens up to the waterfall at the Wynn.The only reason this place doesn't get four stars is because the staff is always snarling and they don't smile. Ever. If I say thank you with a smile, they look at me with the same stony expression and sometimes they grunt at me.
2	2 stars b/c the patio is a great place to sit, and the resident pigeons were great entertainment. Plus the staff was fast and friendly, and the decor was really cute. =) Overpriced, gross turkey burger, and it didn't even come with fries. Looked like a charred hockey puck, and tasted aweful. I knew I should have just ordered a simple turkey sandwich. My husband's chili cheese dog was one of those scary red ones, covered in liquid, neon orange, nacho cheese. Again, overpriced, but his came with fries, which were very tasty.  He didn't seem to like it so much, but he ate it b/c he paid for it.Don't waste your money on food, just get dessert.
4	My husband and I had lunch here after walking by the menu on our last 2 trips here and always saying "we need to try this place."I had the Kobe sliders and fries. I thought they were good. I have had better sliders but they were tasty. The fries were very good - thin and crispy. My husband got the grilled cheese and bacon sandwich with soup. They did not skimp on the bacon! I would definitely get this next time. He got it with the navy bean soup which he said was good but we both thought the tomato soup would be better call next time :)  We also got the sweet potato fries to share as I have never had them - very yummy.The line to order was pretty slow but I think this was more a "people waiting to decide what to order until they get to the cashier" issue rather than a cashier issue as once she got to us - she was fast.  And the food came out quickly (they bring it to the table.)The tables outside seem like they would be great when warm and not windy but it was quite chilly and windy in LV during this trip.
5	If you're an ice cream fan, you'll love this place. Whenever I come to Vegas, I stop by Sugar and Ice. I'm a huge fan of the coconut. The sweet potato fries are yummy as well. The place is pricey but I totally recommend the ICE CREAM. I love the outside patio. There's a very pretty waterfall. It does get a bit chilly outside if you sit out during the winter time. - J
4	Any place that has sweet potato fries automatically gets three stars.  A place that serves the fries in a mini fryer gets an extra star.  It's all about aesthetics and this place has got it down!  I wish I took a picture to show you all, but my fat @$$ ate it too fast.$4.50 for deep fried deliciousness and a view of the Wynn waterfall, not too shabby!
1	Visit: 5/17/09 - Snack.  Ate Mango gelato and mocha.Mango Gelato was bad.  Tasted sour.  Mocha was not any better than drinking drity water.This place is so dirty.  All the seats were sticky and no one cleaned the tables.  Service here was so slow.  It took a long time to get my order in because they took so long to fill orders that they are supposed to bring to your table.  This place is terrible.The prices were really high.  My gelato one tiny scoop was $7.I would not come back here, even if the out door seating has a nice view.
3	This is a good restaurant to go to if you don't feel like spending big dollars on a fancy restaurant and you're too lazy to make a reservation. It's right at the entrace of Wynn, on the left. The food is pretty standard, it isn't bad but it isn't great. The prices aren't cheap but compared to most restaurants in Vegas, it's reasonable. If you do decide to sit down, they'll give you a number and bring the food out to you. Note** I hope you're not hungry because it takes them a while to bring the food out. I don't know if it's just crappy service or if they have a hard time finding your number but either way, be prepared to wait at least 15-20 minutes for them to bring your food out to you. They also have an icecream/gelato bar (which I didn't try) with a bunch of different flavors too.If you sit outside, you get a nice view of a waterfall.
5	This review is only for their gelato...but boy do they get that right!The first time I order a single scoop of mango sorbetto and it was huge and oh so mango-y!  Totally worth the $5 that they charge for it.Came back the next day and ordered the tiramisu gelato. OMG!! It was the best tiramisu gelato ever!  It was the first time I had ice cream with huge chunks of tiramisu in it and it was muy delicioso!Sugar & Ice is my #1 choice to get my gelato fix in Vegas =)
3	The food at sugar and Ice was decent. I ate here this past weekend while staying at the Encore in Vegas.  Sugar and Ice is the closest thing to cheap food you are going to get at Wynn resort. After having eaten at Mix the previous night, my gf and I decided to just eat something quick. I ordered the Ahi Tuna burger and she got the Turkey
3	Cute place for ice cream. We shared a banana split. It was ok. Nothing memorable.
3	I didn't really try much but the kobe sliders were really good. I love how their fries are skinny and fresh! The patio seating is gorgeous because you're right next to the waterfall which kept the area nice and cool. This is very casual because you basically get a number and sit. But the decor is very fancy for this type of restaurant. The setup was a little confusing for me. What if you don't want gelato? Do you cut in front of all those people to order? Or do you wait? How does the system work? But other than that, Sugar and Ice is great for a quick and cheap meal.
3	Not a bad place for an inexpensive (for Vegas resort price scale) lunch or light dinner.  Had some fish tacos that had good, fresh flavor.  Accompanying tortilla chips, guacamole, and salsas were pretty good.  I'd give this casual eatery and ice-cream shop a 3 1/2 star rating if I could.Service isn't the zippiest, and it can get a little loud when there are crowds of little ones in for sweet treats.  It's convenient and not fussy at all, though, and that wins it some points in the pantheon of Sin City dining options.
3	For a place that is called "Suger & Ice," I assumed that their sugar and ice  should be pretty fantastic since that is that they decided to name their store.  They had their summer spiked snow cone special white grape or raspberry for $10!  Ok, $10 for ice, sugar, and a bit of alcohol was not one of my wisest moments in Vegas.  I seriously prefer getting Casino Royale's lemonline margaritas for $1.   For a nice mid-day snack, I recommend their kobe beef sliders.  Not sure if it was because of the kobe beef, but their sliders was juicy and so tender that leaves that MmMm feeling in your mouth even though you've long finished your meal.  Their fries that came with the sliders were skinny and crisp.  This place is very modernly cute with all sorts of trendy clock works and has a nice ambiance for a potential rest stop for a midday snack or dessert in between gambling, shows, and buffet eating.
4	Sugar & Ice is a cute cafe where you can get some ice cream / gelato or some food while enjoying the beautiful Wynn premises. We stopped in here because wanted to have an easy, affordable breakfast. I had a croissant with bacon, eggs, and cheese. It was a little greasy, but that's probably what made it delicious. My boyfriend had an omelet. They were about $10-12 each. You order at the counter and they will bring the food to you promptly. The cafe has a great location overlooking a waterfall and miniature lake. There are plenty of umbrellas so you can sit cool in the shade. I'd definitely recommend it if you are looking for an affordable place to eat for breakfast or lunch!
4	Food was really good. They have typical American fast food but for more of course. This is also an ice cream shop. You order at the counter and they bring your food out to your table. We sat outside and enjoyed the view of the waterfalls while having lunch. Only thing I didn't like was that you have to get up and go back to the counter if you need a refill on your drink :-/. I had the American Icon Burger with fries and that was about $20 but worth it!
4	If you've ever been to Vegas, you've probably endured one of the worst hangovers in your life. What's the secret cure to a hangover?? (Other than Gatorade). - SOUP!!! For $8.95, you get a hearty bowl of tomato bisque and a grilled cheese sandwich, and trust me when I say that this will turn a drunken frown upsidedown within seconds. This place is a basic traditional American cafe - burgers, fries, soda...and gelato! I did not have the pleasure of trying the gelato, but they were running a special for Kobe beef sliders & fries that looked quite delicious. The portions are fairly large, so don't order too much or else you'll explode. Everything on the menu is affordable (considering it's Vegas and it's at the Wynn), so you can use whatever left over cash you have and throw it all down on one hand at the tables.Make sure to grab a seat on the outdoor patio so you can enjoy the mist from the luxurious waterfall. =)
4	Before it was time for me to leave Wynn, I saw someone eating ice cream which looked so darn good.  I found out it was from Sugar & Ice.  I got the tiramisu ice cream and creme brulee ice cream, both were absolutely delicious but my favorite was the tiramisu ice cream.  I cannot wait until my next visit so that I can get some of that ice cream again.  It really doesn't make any sense for something to taste that good...I am still thinking about it. :-)
3	I came here a year ago for their prosciutto sandwich which was really really good.  I came back this trip for it, but its off their menu now.  Even the lady at the register was sad about it and kept raving about how it was so good!!  I opted for the mini kobe beef sliders which turned out to taste like any regular hamburger ive ever had.  It lacked flavor and could use a little grilled onions.  They looked really good and super cute though! It comes with three mini burgers, a pickle, and fries.  My friend got the tomato bisque with grilled cheese sandwich and said it was delicious. I like its convenience and the patio outside which overlooks the mini waterfalls.
4	won some money at the tables earlier and I said "what the hell", maybe I should eat something.That something turned into the $24.95 1lb burger at Sugar & Ice cafe inside of Wynn's Casino.There were approx 50 customers, 49 of which ordered either ice cream or something sweet.  I walked up and said "1lb burger, medium"That poor Asian lady behind the counter gave me a double take, I said "yes I'm sure I want the 1lb burger. Oh no thanks, I don't need any extra plates to share, just me"They took what, 10-15 minutes to make this thing?http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L-zHt7gZITG1z8l7TZ4dUg?select=QzqxyTP-hLIc0rJoUvwiAABurger was served on a cutting board so I sliced the burger into halves for easy handling and processing.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L-zHt7gZITG1z8l7TZ4dUg?select=dT_-zMvshLJHqZTrf15u5Q5 minutes later I was done.who's next?
3	I was looking for some tasty snacks and we ended up here (the name was the deciding factor for me)...it's a very cozy restaurant with a main seating area and an outside patio complete with waterfall. To get your food, you must first place your order at the counter and they take the food out to you...there are sandwiches, quiches, desserts and coffee. I ordered the apple pie with vanilla ice cream $5.50 and a cup of coffee $3. The view of the waterfall had us sitting outside, although the inside was very inviting with the very cool air condition. It was 100 degrees outside but I couldn't resist the man-made view. My apple pie with ice cream was delicious and the gigantic cup of coffee a delight. I really liked this place. It was cute, cozy and i liked the ambiance inside and outside.
4	Having just arrived in Vegas at around lunchtime, I was looking for a spot that wasn't too crowded and had decently priced food.  That's when I remembered to hit up Sugar & Ice at The Wynn because I wanted to try their $10 Kobe sliders on my last trip there but didn't have the time to stop by.  I love how they have outdoor patio seating overlooking the waterfall outside.  Very tranquil atmosphere on a hot summer day while snacking on some Kobe sliders w/ fries (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L-zHt7gZITG1z8l7TZ4dUg?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw), which were good and pretty much a bargain on the Strip when compared to other places that sell them for like $18-25, without fries nonetheless.  If your around or at the Wynn and looking for a great quick bite, try out Sugar & Ice, one of the few cheap spots at the hotel.
4	Dine outside, order the shrimp ceviche gazpacho and you will be happy. the kobe beef sliders were tasty too ;) After many smoke-filled dining experiences in Vegas, this was a nice treat.
4	Whenever I find myself in Las Vegas and in need of an icy treat, I always come here. Hours are pretty awesome -- closes at 12am, which is great since I'm always out late during a Vegas trip!My sisters and I have come here quite a few times and found out about it through Food Network. I'd say that this place beats the more well-known ice cream places such as Dreyers and Haagen Dazs.They offer a variety of treats, from gelato to sweet potato fries. My sisters and I always get their gelato, and it never fails to disappoint. My mom even likes this place a lot -- whenever she wants to eat ice cream, she says, "Let's go to the gelato place in the Wynn!" My favorites are the Cherry Almond, Pistachio, and Coconut Crunch. They've got sorbets as well, with a number of fruity flavors. The cost is a bit steep (about $4) for a "single scoop," but they actually give you two fair scoops, so it's not so bad. The flavor is great, especially since the summers are so hot in Nevada.Decoration is awesome, but the service is kinda whack. The cashiers aren't so nice all the time, but it's not a huge deal. There's outdoor seating near the Wynn waterfalls, so it's great and relaxing. Come by if you want a break from walking and want some refreshing treats!
3	They got rid of my favorite breakfast sandwich!!  The bacon/egg/cheese croissant thingy was heavenly.  Super bummed.
4	Their home made ice cream is pretty good but not the best. I would recommend their nutella flavor and tiramisu` flavor.I highly recommend the pizza though if you are hungry for a snack or you want a quick lunch. Only $4-4.50 a slice, this place is very affordable! We came here twice just because of the convenience. They also have Free Wifi =)Just fyi..they get you with the drinks. A coke is $4 !
4	while traipsing through the wynn, we decided to stop in sugar & ice for a little after lunch/before dinner snack. the gorgeous window cake displays caught our eye instantly as we entered. we ordered a slice of their hamburger pizza + extra toppings and the meatball sliders, plus a sangria. the service was quick, though the only friend staff member seemed to be the guy who mixed our drinks. the price was decent and the food was pretty good. the best part was the sangria, which wasn't weak at all for a fruity little cocktail. next time we'll definitely try some of sweets!something rather amusing, the whole pizzas are huge! they even come in a gigantic square pizza take out box that anyone standing at a mere 5'2 like myself or smaller probably would not be able to carry without some assistance. i noticed the couple that was seated across from us requested their pizza be individually wrapped by slice so they could take the whole pizza back to their room. this definitely went with their whimsical appeal though.
5	This was my favorite place to eat at while staying at the Wynn. They have tons of vegetarian options and had great specials for every meal. I loved the portabello mushroom sandwich and the sweet potato fries the best. They also have incredible home made ice cream. Check out the banana split that fellow yelper Sarah K. and I made! There is also a beautiful patio to eat on that is right under the waterfall.
4	This is one of those little places in the Wynn where you would most likely get for lunch. Nothing too fancy or expensive. I ordered the chicken soup there and the kobe beef sliders. The chicken soup was very good. There were big noodles and the portion was just right for me. Great for a cold day. I loved the vegetables. It was better than something you would find in a can.The kobe beef sliders were the right portion for a lunch. They were very good as well and tender. The only problem I had with them was that it was a little greasy. I think they give you three little burgers and I'm sure eating all three will mean a lot of extra calories, but if you want a reasonable lunch for the price and the size, go here. They are known for their desserts, but the regular food is good too.
5	Found this little bistro to be probably one of my favourite brunch places while visiting there. The back patio is a great environment to enjoy a moment of quiet relief and enjoying the view of the waterfalls. A nice break from the booming nights.I had the croissant with ham and egg - yummers! Freshest croissant I've had in a while
4	Beautiful property. The waterfall is beautiful. This is the nicest spot for a romantic drink and intimate chat. I love this spot, just before sunset. Their food is good but dessert here is so romantically decadent. I love it. I don't remember the prices being anything to get upset about. If you're in vegas though and you have been eating at one buffet after another, this might serve as a pefect lil relaxing spot. The outside patio is the only place that I sit when I come here. On occasion, I have waited for the patio even. It's so worth it!  The desserts were reasonably priced, I remember that. Hmm, if I could I'd come more often and just have a snack by the waterfall and hope that I become a ripple in that water, forgetting about all the BS back at home and just let go. Oh man! Ahhhhhh I love it.
2	I stopped in at Sugar & Ice on 9/15/2012 and they were not "CLOSED" as Yelp suggests.It was our last day in Vegas, and my friend and I were partied out and just wanted to chill for a bit over something non-alcoholic.  We were walking around the Wynn and came across Sugar & Ice.$6 for a double cappuccino was no bueno.  If you are looking for coffee you're better off at Starbucks or some other coffee joint.  For $6 I could have indulged in another yummy sandwich at Earl of Sandwich at Planet Hollywood!One thing nice is the outdoor seating that overlooks the waterfall.  Though the waterfall is pretty darn loud, so you might have to speak up if you want to just hang out and talk over coffee.
1	I hate giving any place 1 star but I have to.Tried 2 gelatos -- mango and salted caramel. The salted caramel had no sea salt at all and was too gooey and overly sweet. The mango was sour and did not really taste like mango. Given the $9 we paid for these 2 individual separate scoops, and how bad they were, I simply cannot give this a "eek! methinks not" which is what Yelp classifies as 1 star.
5	I always stop by here whenever I visit Vegas from California because the have a special going on for a slice of pizza and any choice of banana split and drink for I think it was around $12 USD plus tax. The Pizza Place is the vest place to eat if your looking for an inexpensive dining experience at the Wynn since most of the restaurants are 5 star and have special awards to go with them. But anyways, whenever I stop by for lunch or dinner I always order the special they have going and it's a pretty sweet deal for what you get. The decor of the restaurant is just impeccable, with so many details and high end finishibgs done, it's no wonder Steve Wynn is the visionary is Las Vegas. The service I receive is always excellent and the Asian ladies that run the front are very friendly and are willing to help you anyway you can to make your dining experience first class. Outside of the restaurant is the outdoor patio with the huge waterfall as the backdrop to the restaurant. Whenever you enter this place, the first thing you would see straight ahead is the huge waterfall with the lush greenery around it giving it a secluded feel as if your not in the desert anymore. The nice selection of cocktails and wines gives it an upscale feel it was designed for but not cheap. Since it's Vegas why not spurgle a little! ;)I have yet to try the gelato because mostly I'm just here for the pizza special but when I order the banana split, it comes with 3 scoops of strawberry gelato, topped with 3 whipcreams on each scoop with bread crumbs all around and topped with red cherries and around the plate is hot chocolate sauce all made to perfection. You have a choice of cheese pizza or pepperoni pizza and if you decide to get a specialty slice then it's just a few dollars more. The drink included has free refills but only for the same drink you ordered and you can't choose another soda flavor. The clientele is the kind you'd find in a 5 star restaurant, all classy and well mannered unlike other strip restaurants I've eaten at.
4	So, $4.50 (single scoop) and $6.50 (double scoop) is a bit pricey for gelato, BUT I would spend that if I were craving gelato in Vegas. Liked Pistachio, tiramisu, capucchino or coffee(?). There are a couple waterfall fountains out back that you can sit next to though I didn't like how fake they looked. Sugar and Ice also sells a variety of different branded chocolate bars that looked intriguing.
5	After the change from Pizza Place to Sugar & Ice, I just had to have their sundae because it was so delicious but pricey. Well you do get what you paid for, excellent food, top service and classy ambiance without the rowdy drunk obnoxious tourists. I wanted to order the cheesecake sundae but they discontinued the strawberry gelato but she was nice enough to change the gelato flavor for just for one time. The place just streams 5 star and the waterfall in the background is the first thing you notice when walking inside and patio seating was great to relax admire the landscaping makes you feel you aren't in the desert.
3	I would like to give this place 4 stars, but after having their panini and then having Jean Philippe's panini, I can't say I'm a fan. So, it's more of a 3.5.I ordered their chicken and cheese panini, and it was super hot. Every time I was biting into it, it was very hot but tasted good. My friend ordered a vegetarian panini and tomato soup, and said they tasted good too. We sat inside where we saw all the pastries and desserts, but didn't have any room for it in our stomachs. The outside has an awesome view of a few waterfalls.
4	We happened upon Sugar and Ice while wandering around after dinner. Neither my sister nor I was even remotely hungry, yet we both stopped in front of Sugar and Ice, drawn in by the aroma of sweetness and that beautiful display of gelato. Before I knew it, we were standing in front of their display case of desserts, deciding between one of their amazing looking desserts or some gelato.We settled on splitting two scoops of gelato - the blood orange and the double chocolate - although I really wanted to try all of them.  The gelato was de-li-cious. Like Italy good.  Beware, it is highly overpriced. I didn't dock them any stars for that because, well, it's Vegas, and it's the Bellagio, and the venue is super cute and that is what you are paying for.. and to me, it was worth it. If it wasn't so hard to navigate around the strip, I would have wanted to come back for dessert again.Verdict - pricey but worth it.
4	4 stars for their great sorbets and gelatos! I treated my friends to some dessert and I got the bloody orange flavor. The taste is a HIT!! My friends were all pleased with their selections too. I sampled the coffee and the chocolate and both were really rich and flavorful. I will definitely have to go back their again and try others. I do recommend getting them in cups and not the cones. After a few bites of the cone, it didn't compliment the fancy dessert.* The four star rate is only based on their desserts.
5	Cute little place awesome cafe with the waterfall backdrop. Blood orange sorbet OMG! :)The chocolate cake shake was incredible!
3	Probably the best thing going for this place is the outdoor patio facing the Wynn fountain but even the patio has limited seating. The gelato options are not very impressive with probably only about 8 flavors compared to Espressamente Lilly next door at The Palazzo. Espressamente Lilly easily has 20 over gelato flavors so I'd take the overpass that connects the Wynn and The Palazzo and head over there. A scoop of gelato is cheaper at Sugar & Ice for $4.50. A scoop at Espressamente Lilly is a dollar more.
3	Gelato trip right before seeing Le Reve.Cashier looked as if she had better things to do. She didn't really engage us but mostly just stood there and stared at us. We got a few samples to narrow down our choices and placed our order.I had the Carmel crunch gelato in a waffle cone.  Aside of the cashier the gelato was good. You could probably find better gelato with more flavors elsewhere, and even someone with a better attitude as well. Check it out if you're in the area of the Wynn, but it does not require a special out of your way trip.
4	Way across the other side of Wynn from the Tower rooms, totally worth the walk to get some easy, quick food. But it's really the dessert stuff that makes it live up to its name.Went here after a work dinner (very expensive restaurant, dessert didn't appeal) when I knew I needed something sweeter than what was offered at the other place. Headed to this place, hesitated slightly when I was the frozen alcoholic treats, but zeroed in on my original choice to get a bananas foster sundae.When you're coming into the Wynn from the strip it's one of the first places you'll get to. Refreshing on many levels.
1	so I walked over in 100 degree weather because online it said they had burger sliders.. I get there come to find out they don't. I am sad :( but everything else looked good and over priced tho
4	We walked past here from the Encore to the strip everyday and finally caved in to try the macaroons. 4 of $6Just grab a few and enjoy it while walking through the casinos!
5	Went there twice in that weekend for desserts. The staff is very friendly and they remembered me when I came back the second time.The dessert choices were awesome and the hard part was selecting which one to eat. I ended up with 3 mini cup cakes.
5	nice place to order something sweet and sit by the waterfall.came here after walking up the whole strip and needed something the drink,the sangria is delicious
3	I needed a quick breakfast/lunch place and I stumbled upon the Wynn. I was hesitant to  find food in there because there are so many fancy stores in there and I assumed all of any food in there would be hella expensive. Sugar and Ice is the first food shop you see when you enter and we walked most of the entire Wynn to find food but this was the only cheap place. There are macarons, pastries, and some want food goodies and even though I wasn't gelato for breakfast or a granola yogurt cup, I opted for the spinach egg and cheese burrito. It took forever for the food to arrive and service isn't very attentive but when I finally got it, that thing is massive. I only finished half the burrito or so and my three other friends picked at the other half. The egg is flavorless so you need salsa on the side. I thought for $8 it wasn't that bad for a ok quality breakfast burrito. **TIPS**1) If you need cheap food and the only option is Wynn, then this is your only option. 2) Their chocolate crunch gelato looks so good. Get it. 3) Enjoy!
5	I love this place.  the coconut gelato is worth gaining 10 pounds and getting fat.  This place is a must go to if you like gelato!
5	This is the BEST sanctuary on the strip. They have incredible shakes and desserts and the patio is perfect for relaxing and watching the waterfall
4	My sweet tooth thanks me for finding this sweet shop. I found myself coming here every morning during our weekend stay and enjoyed way too many pastries and hot cocoa. But my favorite part about this little cafe? The outdoor patio that sits against the backdrop of the man-made (yet spectacular) waterfall. There's something serene about enjoying hot cocoa and a pastry in this setting while everyone else is still passed out from the night before. There had some amazing looking paninis that I didn't get the chance to try as well as ice cream, but if those are anything like what I had, I'm sure they are good. Not only is the Wynn a beautiful place to visit but do yourself a favor and indulge your sweet tooth at this little cafe.
2	One of the only disappointments at the WynnSugar & Ice is located in the esplanade at the Wynn.  Near the many boutiques, Sugar & Ice should be the perfect place to grab lunch, a snack, or something sweet before venturing out onto the Las Vegas Strip.  Unfortunately, it's far from perfect.  First of all, you can expect to wait quite some time for your food to be brought to your table.  The menu is quite limited unless you are looking for gelato or cookies.  If you're looking for a salad or sandwich, you will have to make due with very few options.  We ordered the grilled chicken panini.  To our surprise, it was just sliced deli chicken and not a real grilled chicken breast.  The bread was incredibly greasy and the cheese and aioli was way too salty.If you are looking to satisfy your sweet tooth, this may be a good place to stop by.  But if you are looking for lunch or a more substantial snack, this is not a good option.  Not at all.
4	In the Wynn hotel overlooking the mountain and waterfall. Great place to relax and have a coffee and gelato. seating inside or outside. Choose outside if the weather is right and enjoy the sight and sound of the waterfall.
5	Delicious Gelato!  Beautiful and fun decor  and the outdoor patio has a view of a couple of made waterfalls.  I do have to share when sitting out in the patio area it is a bit loud from the waterfalls.  We visited here during the evening so the lighting of the falls was just beautiful.But, I would love to sit indoors and take in the beauty of the decor.  It also has a large tv screen, there may be another one but I noticed one.  The people were very friendly and read to serve you something delicious.  Everything looked so delicious!  We only had room for our gelato and we shared a plate of tiramisu  dessert.  Both were very good, but the tiramisu was a bit more decadent, with the hazelnut crust, yum.Now this place is located inside of the Wynn Hotel, so it's a very classy looking place. I can't wait to try something different each time we visit!
3	Gelato trip right before seeing Le Reve.Cashier looked as if she had better things to do. She didn't really engage us but mostly just stood there and stared at us. We got a few samples to narrow down our choices and placed our order.I had the Carmel crunch in a waffle cone.  Aside of the cashier the gelato was good. Check it out if you're in the area of the Wynn.
