5	The interior looks amazing! We ordered tom yum soup, calamari, and beef wrapped asparagus for appetizers. They were all great. I forgot to take a picture of the calamari before I sucked it down. I got chicken teriyaki and he got quail egg and naruto sushi. Amazing! I think they just opened. Its clear that they weren't going for cheap in the design. The plates are stylish, the chopsticks are high quality (relatively compaired to the usual wood) the seats are comfy. This place is a gem. Come check it out.
5	Visiting from Los Angeles and wanted to find a great place to eat with the family. This place is amazing!! The interior decorating is so pretty...the little details in lighting and everything is clutch. Not only restaurant visuals, but food presentation is outstanding! We ordered the a bunch of appetizers including the Korean calamari, shrimp tempura, fried oysters, fried fish tofu, the Spider-Man roll, and we all ordered different hibachi combos that included steak, scallops, shrimp, and salmon. The hibachi entrees came with fried rice AND noodles AND veges. SO good. The chef put on a good show, did some little magic tricks that blew our minds and I also got the joy of having sake squirted into my mouth ha! I thought it was water...but no, real sake. I won! Anyway, great place with awesome food and service. Definitely go here!!!
5	It's a bit tacky inside (especially the laser lights in the one section), but the sushi was awesome. It's a comparable price point to most other sushi places in the area, but the quality was a lot better. This was one of the first times I ate sushi and actually noticed how well the rice was done/prepared. The sushi chef was great at presentation as well. He literally carved an owl out of a carrot and had it on the plate with the sushi.I'm really glad a place like this is in the neighborhood now. Gonna go back sometime soon and check out the hibachi!
5	Feng is a wonderful bazaar experience.  Don't let the outside appearance keep you away, the inside is a different place.  They have a large bar/suishi bar area which you immediately see when you enter.  Then you go around the corner and see a waterfall complete with coy pond.  You cross a bridge to the hibachi and dining area.  Everything is tacky, but delightful.  They also had small rooms which you can rent for small parties.We got hibachi which was cheap for the enormous amount of food that they gave me.  They thew in complementary sushi too.  Service was outstanding.  I was very surprised by the beautiful presentation and the good quality of the food.Seriously this is a fantastic hidden gem.  I am not giving this 5 stars because it is the best restaurant in the city, so don't expect that.  I am giving it 5 stars because I genuinely enjoyed my entire experience at this place.  Come open minded and I'm sure you will too.
5	Traveling from NewYork to Pittsburgh. Had a birthday party in here. The owner made us the special lobster rolls wrapped with sweet potato which they dont sell that on the menu. The owner gave us cakes , candles, and  appitizers for FREE because they said that i am the first one who celebrates the birthday in here. They have party rooms for some small parties. We ordered lots of special rolls and sushi which comes with 20%off. The food was fantastic. The outside of the building looks plain but the interior looks amazing. Love this place
5	Went for my girlfriends birthday. Had her sister and 4 year old son with us. Did the hibachi and some sushi. All of it was great. The chef put on a fun show that the little one loved. The food was great and they did a fun birthday dinner song with small free dessert. I plan on going back very soon.
5	This place is simply great!  Their hibachi chefs are really entertaining. they put on such a good performance. The miso soup is really good and so is the volcano roll!
2	The hibachi was above average but a word of advice to the owners. Your restaurant is in Bloomfield not Oakland so a grand opening special that only applies to students is going to alienate more potential customers than it's going to draw in.
5	Amazing experience. The restaurant is BYOB, and don't be fooled by the lasers outside, the atmosphere inside is wonderful: elegant and quiet enough to talk. We brought a bottle of wine and ordered three hibachi dinners, one with filet mignon, one with scallops and the last with chicken.  All were great, but the filet mignon was a knockout. Tender and perfectly cooked. On top of it all, the servers were courteous and attentive. Definitely going back!
4	Don't judge this book by its cover! The outside is a windowless brick facade, with typical Bloomfield exposed pipes, and flashing LED lights. The interior features a waterfall, beautiful sushi bar, and comfortable lunch seating. We ordered miso soup and the Maki special with salmon rolls. Everything was quite tasty! We will have to come back for the hibachi!
5	Food was amazing and service was great. Hibachi steak and shrimp was above average and the portions are huge. Specialty sushi rolls are presented very well and taste even better. This will definitely be my new go to place for sushi!
1	I had high hopes for this restaurant when I walked in. It has the typical decorations of any hibachi/sushi place and it was nice, but the food.... I ordered a spicy salmon roll (the Mt. Washington roll) and it was just salmon and rice, regardless of what the menu stated and had no flavor at all. I also ordered a rainbow roll that was also lacking. Apparently the server thought I said salmon roll, not rainbow roll and proceeded to make me feel like a jerk for wanting what I actually ordered. The sushi is bland and tasteless and to tpo it off, I got sick after. As much as I really would love a new sushi place in my neighborhood, I'll be going to ones further away. Skip it and head to Sushi Too on Walnut Street, you will be much happier overall.
4	The food was very good. We got hibachi but sat at a table. Our waitress was nice and attentive. The fried rice was tasty and had nice big egg pieces in it. The only problems I had with it were I thought that the extra sauce was over priced, and you could tell that the shrimp was frozen and not fresh.  But I can't complain- portions were great and it was very good. I'll definitely go back. This would be good for a date night where you want to have some laughs and good food.
2	I never write reviews on Yelp, but figured I needed to for Feng.  I was pulling for them when it first opened, so when I saw the reviews I was excited to try it.  After purchasing a Groupon for them I decided to head down for dinner.We rolled in around 6pm to notice it was a ghost town.  We ordered an app, some rolls, and a dinner bento.  The dumpling app was good but no better than you could make at home with frozen dumplings.  The spicy salmon and Mt. Washington rolls were less than bland, and had some odd textures.  The beef negimaki tasted fine, but there was just thr thinnest strip of chewy beef wrapped around a thick bushel of scallions.  Again, it did not have the correct texture one would hope for.  The salad and miso soup that came with the bento were sub par, and I did find a gnat floating in the soup.My assumption is that they haven't been as busy as they would have liked to be, so their "fresh" ingredients have sat for too long.  Perhaps I ordered the wrong items and should have stuck to the hibachi.  Even with the Groupon I felt it was overpriced for what you received.  I'd rather go to Little Tokyo or Nakama where I know the quality of the food.  If I'm going for cheap Asian food I'd rather just go to Szechaun's in Oakland, at least it is going to have some flavor.I'd say take all if the reviews for Feng with a grain of salt - including mine.  Perhaps if they get busier the quality will be better.  Maybe I went in on the wrong day, or like I said got the wrong items.  This one experience was enough for me though, and I will not likely go back.
4	The food was very good! We both got the Chicken and Steak Lunch Hibachi combo. Both the chicken and steak we're very well seasoned and cooked to order. There was plenty of food on the plate and so now I have a stomach ache, but in a good way. Prices are affordable, especially at lunch. The decor is welcoming and my wife says it's "super cute." I felt like I was in Japan due to the Japanese style pagoda decor and the authentic 90's pop music (ie. Brittany Spears, Justin Timberlake, etc). Since Japanese people love American pop so much. Ha. Definitely recommend this place. It wasn't very busy so the Pittsburgh crowd needs to get in here!
4	It was very good! We were treated well and the food tasted fresh and delicious. We went on a living social coupon and got a great deal. Go for the shrimp or steak. Cooked perfectly! Noodles! White sauce! It wasn't busy so we didn't have to wait-l really enjoyed it. Good job!
5	Went with my husband for dinner around 8pm on a Saturday evening, on a livingsocial deal I recently purchased. This was our first time at a hibachi place. Upon entering, we were asked whether we wanted to be seated at a regular table or a hibachi table. We were told that at the hibachi table, we could order only hibachi, but at the regular table, you could order sushi as well as hibachi ( or, I suppose, anything off the menu). Since I came in with the intention of ordering sushi, we asked to be seated at a regular table. A few minutes after we were seated, however, I decided that I would do hibachi as well, and the waitress promptly moved us to a hibachi table.  2 other couples were already seated there besides us.I ordered the shrimp and salmon hibachi, and my husband got the chicken and shrimp. Each entree came with a small salad (with some awesome dressing!) and a cup of clear (mushroom?) soup (again, very good). Once everyone at the table was done with their soups and salads, out came the hibachi chef. Very entertaining fellow, we had little broccoli florets popped into our mouths from a distance,and saki squirted into our mouths. At one point, he shut off the lights at our table,  and performed some setting-things-on-fire show! Each hibachi dinner includes grilled veggies, noodles, fried rice, and of course, your choice of meat. There were also two little bowls of sauce for everyone ( one was a ginger flavor, the other peanut I think). Everything was delicious, and the portions were big. I got around 8-10 jumbo sized shrimp and a nice chunk of salmon sprinkled with sesame seeds. Both of us couldn't finish all of our dinner, and we had them packed. We also ordered the banana tempura along with a scoop of vanilla ice cream . Beautifully presented, and the ice cream was particularly rich and tasty, not your usual blah vanilla. The severs were attentive, and very friendly. Overall, I would definitely come back. Great food, great portions, great service, and thoroughly entertaining, what's not to love!
2	I'm not sure how this place has such a high rating. The interior looks old and outdated, which is strange, considering that they have a giant sign outside saying that they opened just two months ago. I love sushi, cheap or fancy, but I actually couldn't finish the Phoenix roll here - not good at all, to the point that I hope what I did eat doesn't catch up with me later tonight. If you're looking for sushi, Ginza, across the street, is MUCH better. The hibachi, which is I guess why people come here, was also below average - you could taste the cheap oil it was cooked in.
4	I've been thinking pretty hard about how to start this review, and I really wanted to make some sort of positive no-window joke, but the best I could come up with was "don't let the absence of windows fool you, they're just (not) there to make sure none of the awesome gets accidentally let out." I realize that the aforementioned joke is hardly a joke, and also not very funny or well-written, so please just use your imagination to create your own interesting and provoking sentence about how Feng's doesn't have any windows for whatever reason and while that might be a turn-off, it's actually not a turn-off because the place is pretty alright. Okay? Okay.The appetizers are well-made and the plating is surprisingly spectacular--dumplings are perfectly steamed and crispy, sauces are delicious and provide extra compliment to the pairing, and no quality is lost to variety.The hibachi was standard, if not better-than-most. Included soup and salad were tasty and the ginger dressing on the salad was on point. Feng provides a nice twist on their meats (sesame seeds and teriyaki sauce on the chicken, squeezed lime on the seafood) that I haven't seen at other similar establishments. They also give you noodles (which taste excellent) and fried rice with your meal, which is automatically a one-up in my book. The hibachi chef that came to our table was energetic and involved, and took his time cooking while talking to us and making sure that we were having a great experience. The manager of the restaurant also came by to make sure that we were enjoying our meal.I can't speak to the sushi, because I didn't try it, but the affordable menu prices on everything else is enough to lure me in for good. Add some kitschy (yet lovable) decor (such as: laser lights on the walls, phone booth by the bathroom, fake waterfall and small foot-bridge near the entrance), a full bar with drink specials, and I'm sold. I think I've found my new hibachi joint.I've been to many a hibachi steakhouse that provides awful plating and embarrassing appetizers, only to ruin my meal with overly salty, bland, and pricey foods. Feng, fortunately, provides the opposite. Definitely worth a visit. No windows? No problem.
5	Love this place!! Awesome happy hour deals and the people were so nice!! The chef gave us a complimentary appetizer! The sushi is amazing as well. Definitely would recommend.
5	This place is great. Love going here and talking about this place. Their service is awesome. The food Is reasonably priced and delicious. Please go and experience Feng yourself.
4	Really really really good. Really good. Lunch with wife. Really really really good. Salmon and steak w/fried rice combo for me.  Salmon and chicken and noodle hibachi combo for wife. Really really really good.This is in Bloomfield, by the way.  ANother one of those "gee, I have always wanted to eat here, ok, lets do it, oh my gosh, why haven't I ever eaten here before?".This was that kind of place.  I was happy with the milieu, the food, the whole darned shebang.  Really seriously, I can see why people put it off.  But, here it is, they have their own parking lot.  And even though the Thai Restaurant is right up the street, GO HERE!  Then, go to the Thai place.  Then go to the Italian market up from the Thai place, and get more food.  Then go to Shadyside and get a drink, then go to Squirrel Hill and go to Squirrel Hill Cafe, get a dollar PBR and fish sangwich, and then go to Oakland, find a place to park (HA!) and get some Popeye's to go.Then go to the Beer store, get some beer.  Then go home, but stop at Salonika's on the way home, and get an array of food.   Then eat everything.  Then fall asleep in a drooling sleepy mess.Good times!
1	I had high hopes. I got delivery and specified no shellfish and a different soup. I know they read this because I got the different soup that I asked for. HOWEVER, my sashimi appetizer came with a giant shrimp on top and my chicken hibachi came with shrimp as well. Wha?!?This was through Wheel Deliver and they fully reimbursed me. This is dangerously irresponsible and I'm, luckily, not allergic.
4	I was nervous to try this new restaurant out  but I'm real glad I did! The service was on point and the food had me all nom nom nom. The sake and the alcoholic beverages did not disappoint. I had shrimp sushi which was the best one I had yet. The hibachi dinner was delicious! I will be going again with my significant other to blow his mind!
