4	After about 4 attempts to eat here without waiting forever, we finally got in.  Service was super friendly, although not the most attentive in the world.  The kids' portions were HUGE-they could easily have shared a plate.  My small catfish plate was a huge portion as well-it was well-prepared and quite tasty.  Still not entirely sure why it's slammed and on a wait non-stop every day, except that Harrisburg loves her fried seafood.  We'll be back.
5	I've been here multiple times since they opened and I love the consistency! Food is always great portions are huge and the hushpuppies...ohhh. I crave those!
4	This place is phenomenal.  I love eating here.
5	Our family goes here at least 3-4 times a month. The service is great and the seafood rocks. Get one platter and share it.. they pile so much on a plate its enough for two and not expensive. LOVE them!
4	Have eaten here several times, both for lunch and for dinner.  Food is fresh, hot, huge portions.  Wait staff is attentive.  Only disappointmentn is lack of vegetables on the menu.  Would like to see something green on the menu, or even applesauce.  Wanted to substitute a small salad for a side, but was told I could not do that. Why not?
3	Just want to know if the location in Charlotte off Monroe road is not Capt. Steve's any longer. What a bummer if it is not---I hated going to Ft.Mill to eat there years ago even though we  liked the food , too far to travel. When they came to our area we were so happy. I am not about to drive 40 or 50 minutes to go to a restaurant.
4	Not bad for a local fish fry.  I had Steve's platter and the portion was plenty for each item.  The wife had a two item combo and had more oysters than anyone could assume in one setting.  The kids enjoyed the kid menu items.  We had about a 25 min wait that was not expect, but went fairly quickly as they moved consumers in and out quickly.
4	Went for lunch,  wife and I had Greek shrimp, crab cakes, and jumbo shrimp. Two crab cakes for $14 seems pricey, yet they were good, they were not huge.  Onion rings were cold only complaint. Waitress was very friendly made recommendations for our next visit
1	I do not know how this place has such a great review.  I had the crab cakes and it was over priced and was so oily I could barely eat it.  My husband said the same about his food.  Our server was really nice but that was the only good thing I would say about this place.
5	The best fish fry place in the Charlotte area. The portions are large and can be shared. Hush puppies come with most meals and they are awesome. On multiples visits I've tried the fried shrimp and fried fish. This is my favorite place to take people for fried seafood.
4	Happened to be in Harrisburg and stumbled upon Captain Steve's Seafood Sag on a Friday.    First impressions was a fairly large, stand-alone restaurant, large parking lot so they can accommodate a lot of folks (well cars and then folks inside).We were pretty early (11:30 am) so it was a bit sparse inside as far as the lunch crowd, but as we were waiting/eating our meal, the booths and tables started filling up.Our server was very nice and had a lot of recommendations.  The menu is really simple, but there are a lot of options and really you can customize your meal to how you want it (very accommodating).  As you wait on your meal to arrive, a basket of hush puppies are delivered to your table with butter.  They aren't the typical "large" hush puppies, more like bites and they are pretty addictive.  WARNING:  most likely you will get hush puppies with your meal also, but it's a good thing!I tried the salt & pepper catfish.... and when it came out it was a mountain of food!  I opted to have a half & half fries and onion rings combo... Everything was cooked right.... (you can't really mess up fried food too badly)  but it was just WAY too much food.To top it all off, the restaurant manager sent out a honking slice of dessert (they were trying out) to the first few lunch tables of the day.  IT was a strawberry shortcake.  Very good - not too sweet and a good way to end an already ginormous food outing.  Needless-to-say I was in a food coma for the rest of the afternoon and no work was accomplished at my office.
5	I love this place , excellent  service and excellent food.
3	The food was very good and cooked well. I enjoyed the broiled platter and the seasoning used on it.  Only issue was the service when I picked up the food.  I found a advertisement for a coupon that I asked about during the order and the man said they would do it.  When I got there, two men said they didn't honor any coupons and that though I was told on the phone by one of their employees, I would not be given the free item.  Very irritated and insulted.
4	This is the first seafood restaurant my family and I became fans of when we first moved to the Charlotte area almost seven years ago. We used to visit a location that was further out and are so thankful for the Harrisburg location! It's a great place for families since their meal portions are HUGE. My mom and I usually share a small platter (of the flounder) and are fully satisfied and stuffed. The service is very friendly and the inside decor is slightly cheesy. I also must give them kudos on their carryout service - very friendly and efficient!
5	Always great seafood. And usually great service. Just don't be upset if you have to wait a few minutes for a table. It'll be worth it.
3	Wasn't crowded when we went. We were seated as soon as we came in. The hush puppies were hot. They were just ok. We ordered fried pickles and fried oysters for appetizers. Both were really good. I had all you can eat crab legs with collards and a salad. The salad was good but the dressing could have been better. I had the greek dressing. The collards are ok they are really chopped and smokey. My crab legs where warm some were watery and had no taste, most of them were ok. They need something to keep the butter warm while you eat your crab legs, it was kind of cool in there so my butter kept turning into paste. My Wife had the Steve Platter it was loaded with shrimp, scallops, fish, and a grab cake. The crab cake was not good it had to much breading. For desert we had sweet potato pie, and key lime pie, both of them were good. I will be back for the fried oysters, fried shrimp, scallops, the key lime pie, and to try some other things on the menu.
4	The food was delicious all they need to do is expand the sides, where is the Mac and cheese?????
5	My wife and I ate in; the service was fast, the staff kind and the food great. You always get your value worth here. I have been to the Fort Mill and Monroe Rd. location but the Harrisburg beats them both. Have a good time if you devise to dine.
4	After reading all the rave reviews my wife and I decided to give it a try. We were seated very quickly and waited on just as fast. The staff was pleasant and helpful. Our table was toward the rear where the bus boys waited to clear the next table. My wife was very uncomfortable with them standing over us. We changed seats to help with that. Our food arrived very quickly and as stated the fried flounder my wife ordered was a lot of food for a small platter. It was a little too fishy tasting for her.My blackened Mahi was very tasty but very small, good thing I stuffed myself on the hush puppies. Knowing my wife we probably won't be back.
