5	I liked this place... it is owned by the same person that owns sauce, bloom and the green house...   I love the dining room... they have nice loungy couches that make it a private dinner... i can not complain about my meal (or the meals of my dinner mates)... none of us knew what to get so we asked the server what her favorites were... we ended up getting 3 of the 5... we had the scallops, ravioli and some sort of meat... all of them i would get again... check it out... it has not been opened long
3	Baaa.  Siiisss.  Boooo.  You played it way to safe with this one Fox.   There are no upscale Mediterranean/tapas style restaurants in Scottsdale, so I was really excited to try Olive and Ivy.  The space is beautiful.  I do not even want to fathom how much money went into this place.  The dining room is a little on the large side for my taste, but it still maintains a dark intimate ambiance despite its size.  Now onto the disappointments - the food is all quite good.  Very high quality ingredients.  But....  it still managed to bore me.  I was looking forward to strong cheeses, spice, pungent flavors, a culinary adventure, a good mystery.  No adventure here.  It was more Disneyland than Greece or Portugal or whatever they attempted to reference.  And the service was deplorable. Truly bad.  I know the restaurant is still new, but I am not willing to cut it much slack considering the prices.  Haven't they heard of training?  I won't be rushing back.  My advice to Olive & Ivy?  Have a little more confidence in the people.  Be a leader.  Push the culinary boundaries of Scottsdale's palate.  We need some vision.
3	Update: OK. So, I still haven't returned to Olive & Ivy except to fetch a bottle of water for my wife during a nice stroll around the canal. But I run by the place almost every morning and started to think I was being unfair - and, perhaps, a little juvenile, in my review. Forget about the Grilled Cheese Incident. But the rest of it - snooty wait staff attitude, included - should be given the weight you deem appropriate. Cheers. ===============================It's two pieces of bread and some cheese ... maybe some butter. It's a grilled cheese, of course, and, it turns out, you can't get one at this place. That may not be surprising given the upscale nature of Olive & Ivy. But it's on the menu. The menu it's on just happens to be in the adjoining marketplace. But what does that matter when we're talking about a lousy grilled cheese sandwich. If that were only it, though. Not long ago, I joined my wife and a friend for a few drinks and what likely would have transitioned into dinner. We sat in the bar area after being initially and erroneously told that food was unavailable on their fabulous patio. Our bar server told us otherwise and we were soon relaxing next to a roaring blaze outside. Problem One: Solved. Unfortunately, it was replaced by Problem Two: Our server.As it turns out, the young lady apparently didn't think highly of us sitting on the patio. After all, she had to schlep 20 or 25 extra yards to help us. We tried to make it up to her with a little self-deprecating humor, offering that she "probably hated us for sitting" outside but we were good tippers. She grimaced and forced out a laugh. Whatever. What do you want for $15 glasses of wine and $8 beers? Speaking of beer ... Problem Three: Beer selection. Olive & Ivy has, apparently, thousands of bottles of wine. I mean, the bottles reach the ceiling and keep going. Very impressive ... if you drink wine. I, as you may know, do not. I drink beer. And I'm not embarrassed to say so. In fact, I pretty much drink one beer --- Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. That they did not have. Well, they had it in the marketplace but not on the beverage list. (Yes, I did consider buying the six pack of Sierra in the marketplace and bringing it outside to the patio. It was only $2.50 a beer. But like I said, this was a pretty upscale place.)There were the usual suspects: Coors or Corona or whatever. But then there were some other, European offerings, one which I chose and enjoyed. Nevertheless, it continues to amaze me that restaurateurs spend tens of thousands --- maybe even hundreds of thousands --- of dollars on wine inventory and the like, but can't manage to get the distributor to throw in an extra couple of cases of acceptable beer. A shame, to be sure. Anyway, Problem Three: Solved, more or less. But this is where it all devolves. So, back to Problem Two: Our server.We enjoyed drinks and a terrific flatbread appetizer before finally succumbing to the server's constant barrage of dinner offerings. The girls placed their orders without challenge. Me? I wanted a grilled cheese. So, I asked for one. It seemed simple enough. The server shot back that a grilled cheese likely would not be made, but she would check. In her absence and all things about the night considered, we decided that if these folks who can put together a grilled flat iron steak with caramelized shallots couldn't manage to slap together two pieces of bread and some cheese we didn't want any of it. Our server came back a few minutes later and happily informed us that a grilled cheese was not available. As agreed, we asked for the check. "I am so glad I didn't put that order in," she declared with glee. An appropriate tip ensued and we were on our way out.Before leaving, though, we stopped to ask about the availability of the grilled cheese in the marketplace. It was not available, a manger-type-looking person said, because the materials had been put away for the day. I'm wondering, of course, why at the end of the afternoon the folks at Olive & Ivy need to file away bread and cheese in some far-flung locker that is apparently on a sort of time lock until the next day's lunch. I also was curious as to why a restaurant --- fancy or otherwise --- would throw away what would have been an extra $100 in sales because of a grilled cheese. Say what you will about our tactics. But in the end, all of our problems came to an end when we walked out the half-broken front door.
3	It's typical nouveau-riche Scottsdale scene. Yes it's lovely and big, and yes that's how they do it there...I have to agree with sarah k...push the culinary and cocktail envelope, I know they have the talent... do something with it....the servers are all very young and beautiful, maybe they just need to learn more about customer service. Mine was very attentive, no complaints on that. All in all it's a "nice" place, nothin special.
3	I was immediately impressed with how stylish Olive and Ivy was, and then shortly thereafter completely let down by the food. I was in a large group that had convened for lunch there, and the consensus was a resounding "Bleh." I ordered some raviolis that weren't bad to the taste, but three or four average sized raviolis aren't gonna do much for a brother who wants to leave somewhere not hungry anymore. As soon as we left I was already looking for a second lunch spot. I have a big appetite, in fairness, but if you're paying eight or nine or ten bucks for a plate, it shouldn't feel like "pre-eating."
3	we happened upon Olive & Ivy while touring scottsdale yesterday, and needed a lunch spot quick (we love to eat, and when we get together, its basically an eating festival).  we took a look at the menu and decided to go for the cheaper option of the counter service were i got a $7 salad of mixed greens, two cherry tomatoes and an ice cream scoop of tuna.  it was okay. it did the trick.  my friend ate a curry chicken pita which looked excellent and which she enjoyed.  our server/cashier girl was very nice and suggested a drink that my friend tried and liked. and she was quick with the service, so all in all, a good experience. i wouldn't particularly call this place mediterranean, but it's definitely targeting rich people who care about having 8 different brands of bottled water to choose from.
4	I frequent Olive & Ivy quite often -- almost once a weekend, in fact, since I love their brunch menu.  The food is definitely not the best, or the most exotic that can be available, but I find it very good nonetheless.  The normal routine I find most in tune with my taste is to walk in mid-morning and put my name in (I always end up waiting, though it's normally only 5 minutes, so its completely negligible), which gives me just enough time to grab a mimosa for my brunch mate and I.  The mimosa's are somewhat of a hit-and-miss, meaning the ratio of ingredients ranges depending on which bartender does the job.  Really though, they never are bad, and much better than countless other establishments I've patronized.The food is very good in my opinion, and the pastry basket is a nice addition to any brunch, though it's definitely not for those on any sort of diet!  I usually order the mushroom omelet, which works great for any sort of low carb diet, and I am always happy with it.The atmosphere is pretty good for weekend mornings, though I haven't yet tried a dinner here yet.  I've heard fairly good things from everyone I know that has gone, though.  The outdoor patio is somewhat of a rarity in the Valley of the Sun, which is a shame since the 8 or so months out of the year when the weather is enjoyable (they have portable heaters during the winter), the spacious patio is very nice.  There are expansive sofas surrounding a fountain, and arranged tables throughout the outdoor area.The wait staff has been generally good, though sometimes they have forgotten to bring us water, which is honestly no problem.  If you remind them, they almost come running back with it.Overall, I continue to come when I'm available, and definitely recommend it to anyone going into the area.
3	"A steak so tender you can cut it with a butter knife...."Ummm, yeah, me thinks not. Here's the dealio. I am an avid red meat and steak consumer. I can't live without a good dose of meat in me each week...wait, what....yeah, so bearing that in mind, when I came to Phoenix for this work trip, I knew I wanted to have a steak and a nice glass of spicy red wine at some point and so we came here since it was right near the bar we were at earlier. As soon as we walked in I dug the place. The decor is pretty elaborate and it's easily a million dollar design. Even the bathrooms look like spreads in design mags and with the high ceilings and intimate lighting, it's a home run visually.After waiting about, oh 20 minutes, we were seated at a table and we all perused the menu. There were quite a few goodies that looked yummy, but my heart and stubborn mind was on steak and a medium rare one at that! I also wanted to try a salad, cuz I was starving and so I ordered the Caesar along with my Rib Eye.The Caesar was okay at best. It definitely skimped on the dressing, so if you like your Caesar salad, Caesary, then maybe order a side of dressing as well. Then there's the rib-eye. A magnificent looking piece of meat it was, but what did they give me to devour it with? You guessed it, a butter knife.Really?Really.What in the Backstreet Boy Hell kinda bullsh*t is that? I probably wouldn't have given the tenderness factor a second thought had it not been for the struggle to cut it with the wrong utensil. And it wasn't an oversight either, this is what they intentionally give you to tackle your dinner with.La-me.I enjoyed my meal and the steak was tasty, but please, do yourselves a favor and upgrade to steak knives, because it's not tender enough to slice a dull blade through.
4	so this is strictly a brunch review. "Brunch disclaimer" I would like to check this place out at night, to wine and dine...but that is another review.This is a cool place for brunch, good service, good selection, and decent prices (it's even close to Old Town, go figure)  I had the salmon flat bread pizza with creme freshe, capers, and arugula, this was perfectly paired with a nice strong cup of coffee served in a clear plastic glass. (very nice touch) It was a quiet Sunday afternoon, rainy and gray, so perhaps this added a star to my review. (shrugs) So sleep in on Sunday with your partner, lover, F buddy, whatever...have a little "afternoon delight", and head over to O & I, for brunch to satisfy you for the entire day. I even had left overs for dinner...very nice, very nice indeed.
5	UPDATE: I've been here two times now for brunch. Please, do yourself a favor, and try their yogurt with fresh fruit. It's incredible! I will definitely have to go back one of these evenings for a dinner dining experience. I want to try the wine!* * *Is there anything better than brunch? No, sometimes there just isn't. Of course, on the day I went to O&I, it was drizzly and overcast outside. That was an added touch. Let's face it, everyone likes brunch. I mean, what's not to like? Special menus. The green light to drink before noon. The casual comfort of not having to cook either breakfast or lunch for yourself. Yep, brunch is great. And brunch at Olive & Ivy is great, too. I ordered the pork hash. It didn't come quite as I imagined, but it was good nonetheless. (I heard it was fantastic the morning after on a bagel.) The O&I coffee was great and was served with fresh cream. Our server was friendly, attentive and accommodating. He didn't seem to mind that we were taking our time ordering and then decided to follow-up brunch with something sweet. I got the pumpkin gelato; my companion got the pear sorbet. Let me tell you, both were fantastic. I don't know what it is, but there's something absolutely wonderful about pumpkin anything - nevermind gelato served in a chilled bowl. It was the perfect way to balance and end brunch. As for the decor, I love it. I love the high-back booths with their red and gold markings. I love the wood floors, huge doors, high ceilings and touch of elegance in their lighting (there's a breathtaking chandelier in one of their private rooms). Having glanced at the wine menu, I definitely want to go back to enjoy perhaps a dinner entree. If not, to just relax with a couple of glasses of wine and the right company.
5	I really dig this place.  Awesome decor, great mood lighting, really tasty menu, expansive wine list.  It's kind of an upscale take on mediterrenean food.  i had the chicken (which was perfectly juicy & tasty) with parmesan risotto & asparagus.  pretty good all the way around.  i'd definitely eat here again.
2	I popped into this spot with a small group of people for their "after dinner hours" bar set-up.  The interior is very chic and they open up the side doors so that you can enjoy the amazing weather both from the inside or the outdoor patio.  I can imagine the dining experience is wonderful but I have yet to return because the chaos surrounding the bar did turn me off.  It took us about 30 minutes to even got close enough to the bar to start a drink order.  Granted, it was a weekend but with an establishment this large they need more servers (maybe some called in sick that night).   The next thing that turned me off was the overabundance of the pretentious patrons.  I am told that  Britney Spears has dined here in the past.  I guess I was supposed to be impressed by that but all it did was make me wanna throw up a little in my mouth.  I should actually come here for a meal once and see how I like it .  Maybe the bar thing just isn't my scene.  However, I do give them kudos for the outdoor seating area.
4	Olive and Ivy was the suggestion of a friend. I wasn't to keen on the idea of driving up to Scottsdale in the middle of the week to eat expensive and tasteless food. Now, I come from California so my idea of a "waterfront" is very different than that of someone who lives in the desert. I'll give Scottsdale some credit though; the "waterfront" looks better when you're sitting beside it, at night, eating pesto and bread with sangria at Olive and Ivy.We waited about 30 minutes for a table for three on a Wednesday night. We sat outside on their very nice patio right on the "waterfront". They bring you pesto and bread to start, and its so delicious and plentiful, we probably didn't need to order an appetizer. The appetizer we did get was the calamari which was delish. A friend and I split a pitcher of sangria...a little pricey but good. For my main, I ordered the mediterrean flatbread with no cheese and it was very good. The portion was huge so I took almost the entire thing home for lunch the next day. Service was good and the atmosphere is nice, especially the outside.Overall, very good experience. A little on the pricier side (if you order drinks!) but I think its a great place to start a night out with friends.
4	We had a great dinner at this restaurant, fair prices, great flatbreads, beautiful restaurant.   Food tasted very fresh and and "waterfront" locale was refreshing after a few hot days in Phoneix. Very nice outdoor bar area as well.  Would definitely go back.
3	My Dear Olive and Ivy.....I have such a love/hate relationship with you! Your egg sandwich and vanilla latte is what I live for on Saturdays. Your bacon-wrapped dates are sweet & salty satisfaction.Your short ribs make me lick the bowl. Oh, and your apple fritters (but more like beignets) force another 30 minutes at the gym. They're like sweet powdery kisses on my lips! But your service (typically) sucks!!! More often than not....it sucks...sucks....sucks! Now, that I've told you how I really feel.... Lol! Bon Appetite!
5	This was the only restaurant that I didn't Yelp before trying it out.  My friends & I didn't make reservations at Cowboy Ciao so the wait was ridiculously long for a group of 9 hungry people.  We decided to take a walk around the bridge area until we noticed Olive & Ivy.  The music, lights, & patio was all it took to draw us in there for dinner.  My first thought?  Vegas ultra lounge.  There whole room was lit by candles & low-hanging lamps that appeared to drip from the ceiling like taper candles.  Most of the crowd was around the huge bar that encompassed the entrance of the restaurant or by their personal firepits in the patio so the restaurant area was open for my huge party to be seated promptly.  The free bread was so soft that I was surprised to find out it was foccacia.  It was accompanied by this basil/olive oil type of dipping sauce.  My end of the table had to quit after 3 refills because we wouldn't have any room for our meal.  I had the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin w/ risotto & swiss chard.  OMFG...I was at a loss for words.  The crisy bacon with the juicy pork tenderloin combined with that barley risotto in some brown sauce was all it took to numb my vocal chords to prevent from wasting all that energy on talking, rather than putting it to use to chew & savor my meal.  Although I wish I had ordered the Nero d' Avola like my friend to pair with my meal, I had instead used my white sangria to wash it all down.  It didn't pair well but it also didn't overpower my meal, which was the most important part.  I completed my meal with a 'Spanish Fly' which is a martini with raspberry sorbet, Grey Goose, & some other juice that I really can't remember at the moment.  It seems odd to see the scoop of raspberry sorbet make its way to the top when the martini is poured but just one sip will send you to paradise.  Oh & FYI...I barely noticed the 'marketplace'.
3	Great atmosphere, and creative menu! 3.5/5I went there about a year ago for S's birthday. A big group of us were seated at the patio outside. The atmosphere was great. I like the menu a lot. I remember the food was good but not very spectacular (when considered the price tag...). I only have it a low 4 because of its service. We had poor service that day! I hope the situation has improved since then. I will check back and report out again!
3	I have no idea why all these people are giving Olive and Ivy 5 stars. Olive and Ivy has 2 good things going for them: gorgeous decor and trendy atmosphere.  And a possible 3rd: good wine list.The bad things far outweigh these.We went with a group of 10 friends on a Tuesday night.  First of all, I was not impressed with the menu.  It was expensive and I could hardly find a few things I actually wanted to order.  I ended up ordering the fig and prosciutto flatbread because I had to leave earlier than the rest of our group.  The service was TERRIBLE.  45 minutes went by before my food arrived.  For flatbread!  I had 10 minutes to scarf it down before I had to leave.  I have no idea why the service to a group of 10 could be so terrible on a Tuesday night.  I could understand if it was busy, but it was just poor service.  Turns out the flatbread was mediocre...I didn't even take my leftovers.Would I return?  Maybe to sit at the bar and have a glass of wine.  But definitely not for dinner.  Too many other good restaurants in Scottsdale that are worth the price.  Very disappointing for Fox Restaurants.
5	I had lunch here and it was fantastic. Having never been on a  weekday (since I usually go for their Sunday brunch) I was very surprised to see how large of a menu they offer. So many choices...I went with the Ahi Tuna. It was under the salad menu, but it really wasn't a salad. Three pieces of delicious tuna were seared and then drizzled with a soy dressing. On the side was a shaved veggie salad, also good, that came with mushrooms mixed in. Surprisingly, this was very filling. I had two cups of their Victrola coffee (a new fave) and left very, very, very happy - with the food, the service, the atmosphere... It's just great here! Sure, I paid a little too much for lunch, if you ask me. $15 for my salad, but it was one of the most pricey items on the menu. (What can I say? I couldn't help myself). I paid about $2.50 for coffee with fresh cream. Mmmm. Love the fresh cream. Love the coffee! Speaking of love, you can buy their pesto in their market area. It goes for $1 an oz, so be aware of that. Also in that area you can buy single beers. I'm not sure if you have to drink them there, with your food, or if you can bag it up and go. Hmm. Will have to check that out the next time I go. I did discover that the service on the market side of things is very lacking. It's a good thing they have the restaurant side. I absolutely love going here!
1	Having been a long time customer of Bloom, North, the Green House and Sauce, I have never been disappointed with any of the Fox Restaurant Concepts establishments.  The quality and taste of their food is, by far, among the best in the Valley.  That is, until Saturday night.  We made reservations at Olive & Ivy via OpenTable.com.  We arrived promptly, were seated promptly and were looking forward to a spectacular meal pared with a few bottles of wine from their typically spectacular selection.  That is where our evening went horribly awry.  The service was dreadful, at best.  We placed our order for appetizers and drinks, I asked the server about a particular wine, he didn't know much about it, and offered to bring me a sample.  20 minutes later, having not seen our server or our drinks, we flagged down the manager.  This should've been his 1st clue that there were a number of tables in our area that were completely dissatisfied.  Our drinks arrived and the server quickly left.  Needless to say, one drink was completely wrong and had to be sent back and my "taste" was a full glass (and I must say, wasn't a "great" wine, and I wouldn't have ordered it, if given a choice).  We got our appetizers before getting all of our drink order and then we never saw our server again.  Since we never saw our server again, we decided that if we're going to drop $400 on a meal, that it wouldn't be here.  After flagging down somebody, we asked for our check, which of course was wrong.  This is where the restaurant saved some face, Our new server (not sure what happened to our 1st server) sincerely apologized for what had been going on, and agreed to take off the "taste" that I was being charged $14 for (I only took a sip of it, so the glass was still full).  When she came back, she said that the manager comped the entire check, since things had gone so far south on the patio.  We did leave her a nice tip, and I hope she got it, and not the server who ruined our evening.We decided that we needed a nice retreat from bad service, so we went over to T.Cooks at the Royal Palms Inn (highly recommended) and we dropped $400+ there on food and wine.  It's too bad, with such good food and wine, our topic of conversation was our earlier bad experience.I hope this isn't a cultural shift for Fox Restaurant Concepts (Bloom, North, the Green House, Sauce and many more).  I would hate to think of Bloom treating me this way.  And I just can't imagine how this could happen at this location, considering the parent organization (Fox Restaurant Concepts) is located in the same building.
4	Food was amazing and it's a good thing b/c the hostesses kind of sucked.  Our 45 minute wait took almost 2 hours and the snotty high schoolers working the hostess stand almost caught a piece of my mind.  But thankfully the food and service made up for it.  I'd say go earlier or later to avoid some of the rush, especially as the bar area gets jam packed.
4	4 stars based on the sangria alone.Order this motherfucker by the PITCHER, without apology.If you can sit out on the patio, so much the better. if not, grab a comfortable booth near the bar.
2	All Style, No Substance...  For all the hype about Olive & Ivy, the food doesn't measure up.  Not sure where the 5 star reviews come from.... not the food for me, nor the service which alternated between crabbiness and nervous hovering. Our patio server didn't want to transfer our check despite the fact we never even received our drinks on the patio before being seated in the restaurant. Our dining room server lingered by our table incessantly, seeming to not know when to approach or interrupt us. The food was... eh. Although the scallops were cooked perfectly, they had zero flavor.  The spinach was bland and pointless: not cooked, not raw, with some flavorless broth just splashed over. Could that possibly be the sherry syrup? The dish boasted wild mushrooms (two) and crisp pancetta. Is that what those three tiny chunks were? The lemon aceto on the halibut was excruciating. The tuna tartare was absolutely flavorless. Where was the Red Chile Aioli? The pesto flatbread was perhaps the most edible thing of the evening. The affogatto dessert was described as Vanilla Gelato, Stream Lined Espresso and Kahlua Cream. I didn't mind the puddle of espresso with vanilla ice cream melting in the middle but the unsweetened cream on top...? ick. Where was the Kahlua?  Sangria was tasty, but despite paying for a $6.00 large Pellegrino, it disappeared from my table and I only received half a refill. I only drank 1/4 of the bottle, wherever it was. Cougar alert!!!  Olive & Ivy remains open for its feverish cougar bar scene and patio. It's a shame that the food doesn't merit the incredible building it is served in.
4	Whenever I have a friend in from out of town I take them here. Visually the restaurant is really attractive and feels comfortable. The people watching is fun and it's near fantastic shopping. Anything I've ever ordered here has been really great.  The 'cafe' in the front is good too, if you're in a hurry...even for breakfast.
4	My mom and I tried this place out before hitting the mall during her most recent visit to town. Our first impression was the space and decor. It's very large and open, contemporary and easy to people watch... one of our favorite sports. We came after lunch and just before dinner on a Sunday. There was a significant crowd giving the time of day and day of the week. They were only serving flatbread and dinner salads at the time and we settled on sharing two flatbreads. I ordered the Pesto and she the Fig & Prosciutto along with a  pitcher of the white sangria. We sat in the bar area in some leather couches and sofas that line the bar. Very comfortable but we could have done with a larger table being that there were only two of us and we had a hard time managing in a space that was meant for 4.The Pesto flatbread was my favorite of the two. Roasted garlic cloves, lots of cheese, fresh tomato... what more could one want? The pesto was very good and gave the perfect amount of flavor. It was my ideal flatbread. The fig & prosciutto was good as well. It was a very unexpected pairing with fig, prosciutto, goat cheese and spinach. Being that goat cheese is one of my favorites, I felt like it was lacking. I probably wouldn't order this again but it wasn't tragic either by any means, just not exactly my taste. The white sangria was great. Very refreshing and an interesting combination of juices and flavors. I just wish that the pitcher wasn't more ice than sangria. Our service wasn't fantastic nor was it awful as others have described. Although I didn't order off of it the wine list was very extensive but it was also on the pricey side.
4	I was glad I found this place in the sea of crap that is Phoenix.Great to excellent food, not atrociously priced. Great sangria. Beautiful room. Good service. Classy good looking clientele. Terrific cafe for daytime snacks and coffee.
4	The food wasn't phenomenal but it was very good. The service was excellent. The decor was very cool. A good experience. Great selection of wines by the glass. Very pleasant experience.
4	Olive & Ivy is such a unique restaurant that I frequent for Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner and Drinks.  I have a spa business at the Waterfront, so the marketplace is awesome for Coffee, the Egg Sandwich or just grabbing a naked juice togo.  The patio's are great for people-watching.  I also appreciate that the staff (Jillian, Cory, Klaus, etc.) remember me, what I ordered, that I haven't been in 3 weeks!  FOXRC has the midas touch as far as their ideas, locations, concepts.  Your wondering about the 4 stars?   Shoulder to shoulder, vying to get a drink, more men than women, it's the price you have to pay occasionally.
5	Brunch!My friend and I came in on a Saturday early afternoon. The place was well seated for Brunch. On request I asked to sit by the open kitchen bar, even though it was closed at the time, they were happy to accommodate. Check One! Got to the bar table and was happy to see busy chefs mastering different areas of expertise. From stone ovens, to open flame grills. The service was phenomenal. Our wait-staff, as it seemed, was great. There were several staff members to help with the menu and movement throughout the meal. Check Two!I took our server's recommendation of the Egg Sandwich on croissant, with bacon, avocado and a side of fresh yogurt, berries, and granola. The sandwich came out perfectly; wet, but not runny. Check Three!I love seeing the EXTRA detail in service in restaurants. Example would be before my meal came out, they brought a spoon for my soon-to-be-eaten yogurt. Or the fact that there was another craft of lemonade. Check Four!Having Verdejo Sauvignon Blanc wine by the glass. Check Five!Thanks Olive and Ivy! I'll be back soon.
3	This was a tough call. I reallllllllllly wanted to give it four stars. I mean the place is gorgeous. Great bar area, great dinner area, and the outside deck is just gorgeous....the bad part was the service. We were there on a Friday night and there were only four of us in our party. I think there may have been a total of 12 people in the whole place. And yet our waitress only came over to us once. And we ordered a lot of drinks that night. It was her loss. We had to keep walking up to the bar for our service. It was a very comfortable place. I haven't eaten there yet but I'd like to go back there for people watching and dinner perhaps.
4	I can never go wrong with a restaurant from Fox Concepts it seems!The bar area is definitely good 'people watching' and I love the modern contemporary decor. Where did they get the lighting for the bar area?The menu is healthy mediterranean and I love sitting outside on the patio.They also feature a 'take-out market-side' - I think they have some top notch croissants too!! I haven't been there for brunch yet so that's on my list and will have to return!
4	The food is amazing, why can't they fix the service?  ...and yet, I keep returning to torture my guests and me.  One would think that at 3:00 in the afternoon, there would be no issues.  We had a business meeting and decided to sit on the patio which was, despite being a perfect day in the valley, empty.  Once seated, it took 25 minutes for 3 ice teas, another 30 minutes for the prosciutto and chevre flat bread (which, oops, had no chevre), and another 30 minutes for the bill.  Our business meeting was only an hour in an attempt to avoid rush hour traffic home...we failed miserably at the task.  Anyway, Olive and Ivy still receives 4 stars from me because of their food and ambiance.  Just be prepared to wait and be served something you didn't order.  Sam Fox, fix this place before you open another.
3	I've been here a few times now, so I think I'm finally qualified to review it. First off, I'll say that this place is gorgeous. They put a lot of thought and money into the look of Olive and Ivy. It's very fancy. Even the bathrooms are impressive - the stalls are like little closets with no way for your neighbor to hear you pooping or to reach under and touch your feet... you just better hope there's paper in there before you start to go. Also, the doors to the stalls are nicer than any door in any house I've lived in. I'm talking big hand carved oak stained wood doors... for toilet stalls.Anyway - the rest of the place is opulently decorated and well furnished as well. There's a swanky yet sophisticated feel here. The food is above average - as are the prices - though I don't know if the prices reflect the quality of the food. They carry a decent selection of wines - having sampled quite a few, I've decided that the least expensive ones taste best.The service wasn't great, but it was pretty busy. The layout here would be pretty confusing for any server - but combine that with low lighting conditions and you have a recipe for service disappointment. Our server on my last visit was at least very sweet. In fact, I have yet to feel mistreated here, so I'd say at least they have "nice" down. This isn't my type of crowd - unless you're asking me for a crowd I'd like to see burned alive. But as with many great places in Scottsdale, you may have to bring your own crew in order to really enjoy yourself. This might be a good place to meet up for an early drink or a happy hour snack before heading out for the evening. It's definitely in a great location and like I said - it's pretty nice.
4	Ate in the restaurant part.Had reservations.Service was excellent.Server made many great recommendationsI particularly enjoyed the white peach and hibiscus margarita!YUMI had the fish special, my man had the braised short ribs.  We also shared the antipasto appetizer platter, and really enjoyed it.So yeahWe really enjoyed this place.  I'm not a HUGE fan of their menu selections (they don't have any entree salads... the salads are all in the appetizer section of the menu and there are only two to choose from)All in all, I like.
4	HAPPENING PLACE!   Been here about 8 times, half the time at the (centre of attention) bar, other times in restaurant or patio. Always good food, drinks, wine, & service. Part of the Fox Chain, which we frequent most ly each week. (Bloom, North, Greehouse, ect). Always fun, ESPECIALLY @ summer when bottles of wine are 1/2 off :-)
3	I understand! I do! I get it that I'm a 22 year old guy that doesn't look like he could tell the difference between caviar and cold salty bean dip, but honestly when I went out for a nice sweet date night with my bangin' girlfriend, we had no idea that we were doomed to be shoved into the day care section at the haughtiest country club this side of Cafe la Ritz. Everything felt good as our hostess walked us back through the crowded dining room. However, the fuzziness in the pit of my stomach soon morphed itself into a dull pooing sensation as we were plopped down at a table next to another set of young diners. Soda pop and water was on their table, and sexual tension (theirs) was in the air as we lifted our menus to let our eyes feast on the over priced menu. Our service was fine, with the exception of a few awkward mishaps with our ID's, but the real issue was the food. Maybe it's just my misunderstanding of fine dining, but I thought that really good food was always served in small portions(because of the high quality ingredients, which in turn are high price ingredients) but tasted really really AWESOME. Olive and ivy only accomplished half of this with their veal and spinach ravioli. Wow, I didn't know that chef boyardee could be sold for 14 dollars. It was so bland, super under cooked and needed a serious hit of salt. On the upside, I got a Sausage and mushroom pizza that was pretty good, but not amazing. Hand tossed...meh. Fennel Sausage...okay. This is one of the top five pizza topping combos and SHOULD be totally delicious every time. But I still think their are better places to get some killer sausage and mushroom pizza for a way better price. On the way upside, my girlfriend got the red wine sangria and it was delicious. Smooth and sweet, but not too sweet like fruit punch or some crap. It still had the taste of wine, which rocks, but it was soooo cold and fruity and refreshing. All in all, it was just alright. Maybe I expected too much. Maybe I thought that I could have the perfect restaurant experience. Ambiance, good food, good service. I guess that when things don't go right it gives me something to talk about, complain about, moan about. Like the right wing, or bad ranch dressing.
4	We met some friends who just moved to the Valley at Olive and Ivy last Tuesday night for some drinks and food. For a Tuesday night it was really crowded, but I attribute that to the Insight Bowl being the next day which prompted an event nearby that brought many people to the SFS area. We were the last in our group to arrive and we were at a small table near the bar area - definitely if you have more than three to four people, get a larger table! It was still cozy and chic...loved the ambiance and feel of Olive and Ivy. One negative is that it does get very loud, so hearing the person across the table from you can be a challenge at some points.Our server was very nice and helped us make some drink selections. The sauvignon blanc she recommended I get was excellent. I had the pesto flatbread which was delicious...it was the perfect size I thought. Chris had the proscutto and fig flatbread and he liked it, although he said he could have preferred a little more goat cheese and a little less fig. I also had a caesar salad, which was average - nothing to rave over. Our other dining companions enjoyed their flatbreads as well. Our group's only complaint was that the timing of the service of the food was off...our friends had ordered the calamari appetizer and I asked for my salad to be brought out first and our flatbreads arrived first! A minute later, the calamari and salad were brought out...it was entirely too much food for our little table, but due to our ingenuity we made it work. Our group of five's bill came to about $160 which included four flatbreads, a salad, calamari and a handful of drinks.They do offer valet, but with the parking garage at Nordstrom's so close as well as the Waterfront parking garage, I am not sure what the point is of the valet. Olive and Ivy is definitely a place I see myself returning to meet some girlfriends for drinks or a place to eat lunch while out shopping at SFS.
5	Four stars for service rendered by Marketplace employee Rene, who helped answer questions regarding my food issues (allergies) and info regarding breakfast/brunch, lunch, and dinner options/times, and also provided gelato samples, including his favorite, Guiness gelato!  Mmm... guiness gelato...If you haven't already done so, do try the German chocolate cake, peanut butter cup, and, of course, the Guiness gelato flavors.  All gelatos are made in-house w/ all-natural ingredients, I'm told.  (I really need to double-check w/ the one who prepares them.)  3 scoops offer the best value ($4.50).  I also bought oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip  cookies ($1.50 each) from the bakery.  I'd skip on the oatmeal cookie as it didn't really taste like oatmeal at all, although the raisins were large and lent so much creamy sweetness to the cookie!  It did contain *, w/c I've an allergy to, so that may have turned me off of the cookie fast!  (1/22/09 update: I was so lethargic at work yesterday, and was literally tripping over my feet walking w/ people asking me if I'm alright all day, and I didn't know why.  I finally figured out why- it was my body's reaction to the * I'd consumed from the cookie!!  Geez!  Sometimes I really, really, really hate having these food allergies!)  OK, back to the review...The chocolate chip, however, was delightful!  Different kinds of chocolate chips in this one, and I loved both the gooey and crunchy textures this cookie provided. I got all excited when I read "cookie sandwich ($3)," on the menu, as I thought it meant an ice cream cookie sandwich, in w/c case the Guiness would've been perfect nestled in between two oatmeal cookies.  That is, before I found out that I didn't really care for the cookie, in w/c case, chocolate chip would be the best option, BUT "cookie sandwich" really denotes peanut butter slapped in between two cookies, and the marketplace was out of peanut butter at 4p, so no cookie sandwich for me.  No worries, since what I really wanted a gelato sandwich!  Ooh, boy, I was really jonesing for a Pot Belly ice cream sandwich then!!I'll definitely be back very soon to try other menu selections.  Patio dining sounds wonderful (I'm told there are couches out there!), but dining outside isn't really all that appealing to me since I do not enjoy breathing in tobacco smoke, and after seeing how dusty and insect-crusted the patio tables were on the marketplace side, I'd definitely be averse to the idea.
4	UPDATE 1/21/09Took Mom here for dinner after work tonight.  We requested indoor dining, but was fortunate enough to be seated at a four-top next to the patio, therefore benefitting from the wide-open spaces of both indoor and patio.  My Mom, who is fickle and hard-to-impress, clearly loved the ambience.  Her contentment alone made the trip for me!!We ordered the calamari and the pesto flatbread for dinner.  I inquired if bread was served, to which the server nodded yes.  I excused myself to the restroom to wash hands, and on my way there spotted some foccacia on a cutting board and saw a server dole out a beautiful-looking pesto onto a dish.  I mentioned this to Mom, and we soon were able to see this upclose.  We loved the combination!!  Feast your eyes on this lovely verdant, and very fresh pesto sauce!!I've been so forgetful lately when it comes to food photos, and I've yet to remember to take a few while I'm dining out w/ Mom.  It's a shame, though, since the calamari, w/ zucchini and a lemon-garlic aioli sauce, and the pesto flatbread (basil pesto, roasted garlic and tomatoes, parmesan cheese) were gorgeous!!  Again, it brought such joy to see my Mom enjoying herself.  I knew I found another great place to take her when she mentioned how great the flatbread was a few minutes after we'd arrived home!!  Thank you, Olive & Ivy!Will definitely bring out-of-town relatives here to dine underneath the stars should they ever come for a visit!Mom sampled the German chocolate cake and Guiness gelatos, but neither impressed her.  I say it's bec. she was so contented w/ dinner... We'll be back very soon!  BTW, Mom almost swayed me from taking her here (taking her somewhere new is almost always a crapshoot, w/ most attempts a "seven out!") when she brought up Nello's, but I told her we'd try somewhere new and go to Nello's next time.  I can't stress it enough how this place had made such an impression on her!!
5	For the record we did not eat here but I cannot wait to try it out! As we were walking back to our car from strolling through Old Town we stopped at Olive and Ivy for a beverage and bathroom break. I went with the tropical ice tea and it was AMAZING and unsweetened! While poking around the market side I decided I needed to use the restroom. Okay so the next time you go, you HAVE to check them out! They are so unique! Huge doors dark woods and a really cool sink! No worries, I am not one to make a big deal about restrooms at all (unless we are talking about the freaky doors that fog up at TAO in the Venetian in Vegas) but they are just really cool and add quite a bit of character!
4	Especially for lunch on the edge of the patio between the sun and shade.  Our foursome really liked their sandwich (shaved breast of turkey, braised short rib and BLT) lunches  including the secret red wine vinaigrette salad.  As the contrarian I personally liked the chopped chicken salad with Maytag blue cheese plus the warm bread with pesto sauce.  It was unusual to see Santa Barbara County Firestone Double Barrel on the menu so had to have it twice.
3	Dined at Olive and Ivy last Friday night (very romantical date I might add). Our reservation was at 8:30pm, we arrived about 30 minutes early and they were able to seat us right away. It was cougar central in there so I held my date close because he's a few years my junior.... they were eying us like prize winning hogs, or a coupon for 1/2 price Restylane injections. It was insane. I mean people were noticeably discussing our arrival. These women were not even trying to hide the shit talking. So, mad props "geriatric mafia" at the bar. Don't hate!The wine alone is what warrants 3 stars. Two words: Arizona Stronghold. High five for the local support. As far as dinner goes, we ordered the Seared Scallops and Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin with side orders of Mascarpone Polenta and Roasted Mushrooms. My date and I happen to enjoy small plate dining and the server was nice enough to split everything up for us so we didn't have to feed each other. The food was...... get ready for it......... okay.Yes, just okay. The quality of the ingredients were phenomenal but flavor wise it just didn't deliver. Don't get me wrong, I don't have anything horrible to say but sorry, not having something bad to say just isn't good enough for a $170.00 dining experience. I will probably go back and give it another shot at some point. I'm really glad I went with my gut instinct and didn't order the Filet because I am a total fucking steak snob. I have a feeling this review would have read something completely different and dropped in rating. Maybe brunch?P.S. The chocolate martini was sex in a glass....... like actual sex..... in a glass. You figure it out.  :)
4	Dined outside. It's a must do when the weather is right.Fit's nicely into the 'Fashion Square' mentality an aura.Great appetizers and they did a great job on the steak.We'll go back again sometime.
3	bahahahaha I love the comment about the cougars. My friend and I had the exact same observation. I have been twice, the first time was the best. we had the perfect spot on the patio. We ordered one of their pizzas (really tasty) and the hummus (decent). It was nice to just enjoy the atmosphere and the food. We split so it wasn't very costly and was the perfect portion.The 2nd time it was bit more costly and not really worth it. I had the bacon wrapped pork (really yum) and my friend ordered the scallops (he said they were too salty and not worth the money).So, basically, my review is eat here when you want a great patio and view and split an appetizer and course. otherwise, it's not really worth the money.
3	So, I had a work lunch here earlier this week (this being a Tuesday, I guess it was yesterday!) and was a bit unimpressed.  Obviously, a great location and you can't beat a seat on the patio for happy hour, but it just wasn't great (and I'm a big Sam Fox fan!).First, our waitress was a bit off - just off on timing, her explanations, a whole host of things, but she did do a good job keeping up with the pony keg of iced tea we all drank! The food was ehhh...decent. We started with the calamari (which I don't love so nothing held against O&I on that one... although the fried zucch's were a nice addition) and then I had the chopped chicken salad. It was good, but nothing to really get excited about and it had a strange peanut-brittle topping that seemed to be kind of out of place. As for the rest of the guests, one sent his ravioli's back and got the same salad I had as he said the rav's were not good. The others (french dip sandwich, gnocchi and a flatbread) were all a bit underwhelmed. I have been here many times before and have found it to be pretty inconsistent. I definitely prefer dinner to lunch , especially based on this last experience and again, it's pretty solid for happy hour especially with the awesome people watching...the weekly Cougar convention!Ironically, I will be back tomorrow....wish me luck!
4	I cannot believe I haven't reviewed Olive & Ivy yet... I've been numerous times for brunch, lunch, and dinner too!After True Food Kitchen, Olive & Ivy is my next favorite Sam Fox concept... they offer something for everyone no matter what time of day you stop by.  Grab a coffee, breakfast, or snack anytime from the marketplace or sit down to a more leisurely meal on the restaurant side.  They offer a delicious complimentary focaccia with pesto sauce during lunch and dinner... and I've had their Mediterranean greek salad with shrimp on multiple occasions for lunch.  I've also enjoyed a fantastic omelette at Sunday brunch - (yes - they will do egg whites) and fresh fish for dinner if I recall correctly too.  In addition, O&I offers a delicious flatbread selection (great for sharing) as well as a fantastic wine list.Olive & Ivy seems to always have some kind of crowd, so depending on the size of your group, you may want to call ahead.Tammar P and I had no problem getting a table when we met for a late lunch today.  We both went with the Greek salad (she with chicken and me with shrimp) and devoured it.  We declined the focaccia and dessert, so it was the perfect healthy yet filling lunch. I was glad we were on the same page with that!Estelle was our server and she was fabulous... she informed us that we ordered correctly today because during the month of April, when you purchase a Mediterranean Salad, O&I will donate 50% of the purchase to Waste Not (which delivers more than 5,000 lbs of food daily to a diverse group of agencies that feed the hungry, including schools, daycare centers, after-school programs, senior care facilities, transition homes and rehabilitation centers).  Sure makes me feel better about spending $20 per person on lunch!I'm sure I'll continue to rely on Olive & Ivy for many a fabulous meal ahead!
4	Olive and Ivy is a trendy Scottsdale spot with tasty food, loud music and good service. The atmosphere is pretty cool - large bar up front, huge open patio and cool lanterns hanging over head. It's a bit deceiving if you enter through the dessert bar area because it looks like a little grocery store - it's definitely not. The food tasted great and was presented nicely without being ridiculously pricey. I didn't have any ice cream, but it looked really tasty. The service was very good and the drinks were delish (try a raspberry mojito - mmm). We went in on a Friday night without reservations and had to wait a solid 1.5 hours - make reservations. This is a great spot if you like to be surrounded by 30-something hipsters or older men and women trying to be hip. I liked that the tables weren't piled on top of each other, but it was still crowded. There was a pretty good vibe -- I'd definitely go back next time I'm in Scottsdale.
1	Olive and B.S. Once again the hype outlives the product. I had lunch there again today and left disappointed again. I eat lunch out 5 days a week always at nice places mostly on business. This place does not stand up against others in the neighborhood and price range. Parking is always a hassle the valet is a mess and takes too long because the garage is a way off by Urban Outfitters. The cafeteria'-like ambiance and small tables are awkward for business and because the place is always packed service is slow but always friendly with the exception of the vapid 16 year old hostesses. After putting my folder on the floor, no space on the table, I ordered. Veal and spinach ravioli, four very small excellent ravioli for $15, one of which was gristle and which I had to spit out. The portion was a ridiculous excuse for an entree portion. I'm done with this place and don't see going back. It's just not worth the price or hassle, especially given the 100 other choices within a three block radius.
3	This looks like a classy place to have dinner and a few cocktails with friends... We headed here for drinks after dining at Blanco. The place was less busy than I remember, making us scoring a prime outdoor seating location possible... The seven of us enjoyed several well-made cocktails and had a very nice, attentive server.I will be back to sample their food and their renowned happy hour...
3	We went here for Mother's Day.  We ordered the wild mushroom, shrimp and corn soup, which was so good even my seven year old ate it.  I also had the Crab Eggs Benedict which was so-so.  The best eggs benedict are still at Crackers and Co. in Mesa.  There was no kids menu, so we just had them make fettucini with butter for the kids.  My four year old really enjoyed the focaccia with pesto.  Overall, I'd say the food was decent, but I won't be rushing back.
4	Have only been here once before under too stressful of circumstances to remember, this trip to Olive and Ivy was fantastic. Usually going to lunch in Scottsdale is hit or miss with expectations, however today we had a lunch meeting scheduled for 11:30, I got a front row parking spot in front of the valet and had no problem being seated right away.Sticking to my lunch salad trend, I ordered the Curry Salad with Chicken and couldn't have asked for a more perfect dish on such a warm day. The portions were great, the lettuce cool and crisp and even the "handmade" bread and pesto before complimented everything perfectly. The only gripe I would have, understanding it is a Fox Restaurant, was how almost unnatural the wait staff was with how rehearsed and methodical all interactions were. Even down to the correct usage of "I am well" versus "I am good" seemed a bit out of place, but not a big deal.
4	Review for BRUNCH only: I thought this place was a great brunch spot.  Dined here with 11 other girls and we all enjoyed it.  Great ambiance, relaxing, inviting, and open.  Service was wonderful too.The homemade foccaccia with pesto was scrumptious!  I think a lot of us filled up on that before our entrees were served.Some of the dishes ordered: cinnamon french toast (yummyy!!); flatbreads (tasty); frittata (not too heavy, eggs cooked right); egg sandwich (pretty good); steak and eggs (wonderful!).  A few people also ordered drinks and I didn't hear any complaints.In the front of the restaurant you can also order pastries and they have gelato too.  We were too stuffed to try any but everything looked good.
3	Yeah - I'd bring friends from out of town to check it out.  It's a fun lively spot for happy hour and post sun down week-ends.  The food is good but not consistant. Tapas are your best bet; entrees / specials just don't fulfill the expectation or promise.  It's good the first couple of times then becomes an after thought. The little market is cool and nice for a quick snack or take-out for a park picnic or your hotel room.Good drinks but tell them to half the ice.
4	"Old World meets new at Olive & Ivy Restaurant & Marketplace, which blends the flavors and timeless elegance of the Mediterranean with contemporary California chic. Olive & Ivy brings a slice of a bustling Mediterranean neighborhood market to the Scottsdale Waterfront." - Fox Restaurant Concepts.A great location for a romantic dinner, swilling late night with your friends, or stopping in for some gelatto.What makes this restaurant unique is the marketplace where one can order fresh baked breads, purchase wine, or delight in their gelatto.In the dining room await an array of contemporary mediterranean dishes.I will come here again and again for three things: the Parmesan truffle fries ($5) the red sangria ($7 for a nearly orgasmic bevy of tempranillo, cassis, blackberry, raspberry, and strawberry) and patio seating.  As with virtually 90% of Scottsdale establishments, there is ambiance, beautiful people, groovy downtempo beats, and a great view of the canal  (lol) on the outside patio.The rack of lamb with beech mushrooms, fava beans, and piquillo pepper marmelade is one of my favorite dishes here.   It is quite succulent, and has a wonderful smoky grilled taste.The free range chicken with wild mushrooms, English peas, and citrus jus is also another delectable dish. Though these ingredients are so simple, I smiled inwardly as suddenly I was transported back to my grandmothers kitchen. Ahhh! Food nostalgia, it's why I eat.Cons: No happy hourPrices are the usual for a moderate upscale restaurant in Scottsdale.  Appetizers: $6-$12Entrees: $17-36Salads: $8-$10
4	I've been here a few times and always enjoy myself.  Being from Seattle...I love the opportunity to eat outside.  The outdoor seating is really nice and staff is friendly.Come here for drinks, dinner or the gelato!
4	Great happy hour specials with all wines at half price, appetizers at half price and flatbreads at half price.  The wine list was a full page and included all the wines; not just house wines at some places.  I have had better bruschetta at Postino's but the flatbreads were good for sharing.If a lot of people showed up there would be a definite space problem on the inside. There is a half booth and three half booths with two chairs each in the bar area.  The bar itself is square with more than a dozen cushioned bar chairs.  One could eat on the outside but who in his "right" mind would want to sit on the patio very long in the never ending summer heat,,, yeah sure, it is a dry heat but not for long...
4	Expensive, definitely, but I would say worth it.  The strong points in my opinion are the flatbread pizza, the booze, and the gelato.  I've been there several times and the only entree I remember was the flatbread pizza so that might be a bad thing I guess?  The store attached to the restaurant has some great stuff.  Definitely has that Scottsdale vibe going on, but I enjoyed it anyway.  They serve AWESOME french toast for breakfast.
3	Pricy but fast for lunch and tasty.
4	I went to Olive & Ivy for the first time for my friends bridal shower which was held in the banquet room.  We were promptly greeted and were offered mimosas or white sangria.  I had the sangria which was awesome, not too sweet.  The server was extremely attentive and very nice (I wish I knew her name).  Anyhow, the entire menu was great.  I especially enjoyed the pizza which had lox on it.  I never had lox on pizza, but it might just be my favorite thing.  You could tell the ingredients were super fresh.  I will definitely be back and only gave 4 stars because I need to try the rest of the menu.
4	I doubt that I'm cool enough to be a regular but that doesn't stop me from frequenting the place so that I can enjoy their date/bacon appetizer.  Good bless happy hour specials.
3	Very cool patio, could use a smidge more mood lighting, but otherwise amazing.  Good place to gawk at the "Scenesters"....Expensive menu so stop at the ATM.....food is worth it....The Arugala salad is fab.Parking blows- pretty much valet only.....Kinda bumbed because I told the girl 3 different times it was my husbands birthday and it went un-noticed so not a birthday place....good for a first date....bout it.
3	BREAKFAST REVIEW ONLY.Stopped in for b-fast.  Nice place.  Super friendly service.  Good food, presented well.  Good coffee.  A little on the pricey side.  Would go back.
3	Solid lunch spot, a little on the pricey side but classy enough to be ok.
4	My first visit to Phoenix and this was the first place Danielle took me after getting off the plane!  What a great place!  Great wine room and the space was absolutely beautiful.We took a seat at the large bar and started with a glass of tea, which was pretty good!  We ordered two flatbreads: the italian sausage and goat cheese and the mozzarella and basil.  Both came out rather quickly and both were pretty good!  Oh and one more thing. the fresh baked bread and pesto dip is worth the carbs and extra calories!Service is very good and everyone was really friendly.  I'd definitely come here again!
3	8/18Came to try Olive & Ivy's happy hour, w/ 50% apps and salads and select wines by the glass.  Didn't know which wine I wanted to have and had to ask if I could sample a few before ordering a glass.  Many servers in other restaurants and wine bars automatically offer samples before you buy, but not here.  Leaves a bad taste in my mouth (pun intended!) when I have to ask.  Settled on a Columbia Valley Riesling, $8, but $4 during HH.  ($8 bottles sold at Costco.) For apps, I had the Chopped Mediterranean salad (orig. $9) and the Antipasti of Prosciutto di Parma (orig. $14- prices on website aren't current).  The chopped salad was fantastic- loved the couscous and feta cheese!  For me, this was a meal by itself.  Had I known beforehand- I placed the two orders at the same time- how satisfied I'd be w/ this and my glass of wine, I'd not have ordered the antipasti platter, which, frankly, I didn't favor too much.  The platter consisted of Prosciutto di Parma, chorizo (Spanish sausage), two cheeses (a blue cheese from Rogue Creamery and a goat cheese, Midnight Moon), two kinds of olives, almonds, and house-made grissini (breadsticks; Whole Foods sells a few tasty varieties).  Of this platter items, I only liked the goat cheese.  (Whole Foods sells Midnight Moon!)  The blue cheese was VERY salty, and so were the chorizo pieces.  (I only like the cured meats pan-fried, when the excess fat can be drained off, and the meats acquire the crispiness I crave.)Should you want to try the antipasti platter yourself, be aware that Olive & Ivy's daily selections vary, and you may not have any say on which two you'll get.  I think it's great to stumble onto a great new cheese, but perhaps those with allergies, say penicillin, may not want to try a new blue cheese (as some blue cheese varieties are fermented with penicillin bacteria)...  It would be great if Olive & Ivy would give customers a chance to either "roll the dice" and not know beforehand, or offer them a chance to choose from a limited selection.
3	My friend was in town from Colrado and she wanted to do brunch somewhere. So I suggested Olive & Ivy.  The 1st thing I asked about(and the ENTIRE reason I suggested this place ) was the AMAZING Cherry Bread pudding dessert I had the first time I went. They don't have it anymore. I was so entirely distressed by that answer I wanted to walk out. But alas, we stayed. I rodered the sausage scramble with a side of toast and it had the perfect kick of spice. I also had the rasberry mojito and it aimed to please. My friend ordered the flatbread on my suggestion and it was also excellent. The food is great, above average, prices are well.. it's pricey but you'll defintiely have leftovers, portions are more than decent. So I can't say you don't get your money's worth However, if you're looking for "dive" prices for brunch..in a not so "Scottsdale" atmosphere...head to Giligins.
2	We went to Olive & Ivy for our third time a couple weeks ago with friends.  Each experience has been different, and I must say that this place needs to make up its mind.  Is it a trendy nighttime dining establishment or a casual grocery cafe?  I prefer the latter, although the restaurant seems to punish me for it.Granted there are great menu selections and the food has been reliably good.  But the prices are high, the service mediocre, and the interior design more fitting of a Vegas night club.  I would never make this a first choice, although I also try not to complain if dragged there.
5	What can I say - good value, great food, great wine, great atmosphere, great location......:-)
4	Came here for restaurant week a couple weeks ago. I usually enjoy Fox restaurants, but for some reason had never come here before. For a starter I had the mini tuna tacos, which I thought were great. The taco shell was really crunchy which went very well with the texture of the tuna. My entree was the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin. The bacon had a lot of taste, but wasn't overpowering and went well with the pork. It had a bbq sauce that had the right amount of sweet to it. What really made the entree excellent was the side dish. It was sweet corn with roasted peppers and tomatoes. It was great! Best part of the meal by far, and that shouldn't take away from anything else, it was just that good. One reason I love restaurant week is that I get a dessert with my meal, which I usually don't ever order. I ordered peanut butter chocolate torte...so good. It came with a small scoop of peanut butter ice cream. A perfect way to end a good meal.
4	I really like this place! Their salads are creative and excellent, soups are fresh-made and presentation is wonderful. This was my second trip here and this time I was hungry enough to indulge in one of their flatbread pizzas at lunch. Because they make everything from scratch, they will let you order as you please as opposed to standard pizzas on the menu. So, we dined outside and I order an Italian sausage, Mozzarella and Mushroom pizza (note: this item is not on the menu), and they charged no premium. $12 to have a pizza as I like it versus std fare! Sweet! The pizza was excellent and I saved no room for dessert. So, I tried a large cappuccino which was also excellent. This is a very good restaurant with a simple focus: Great food at a reasonable price.Be forewarned: they provide limitless homemade, free, focaccia bread BEFORE you eat....you can really stuff yourself, here!
4	While my buddy Mike Z. was in town, we hit a few high spots...by which I could mean that we were high when we hit them...so munchies:)But, no...my drug of choice is KetelOne or Bunnahabhain these days:)One of the high spots was the fabulous Scottsdale Waterfront and Olive and Ivy:)Of all the things that you can say about the Scottsdale Waterfront the most accurate is that it is, indeed, on the water:)I grew up in the northwest and then lived in San Francisco for many years...I've dined overlooking the Mighty Columbia, the Mighty Pacific, The Mighty Willamette.While traveling, I've managed to sup while overlooking the Mighty North Sea, the Mighty Atlantic and the Mighty Mississippi.I'm probably not a good one to ask about the waterfront appeal of the Mighty Arizona Canal:)Never the less, Olive and Ivy is a nice enough place:)It's another Fox Concept (don't you just love the branding and labeling of these kinds of things:)I suppose it would just be too darn simple to just say "Hey, look!...Sam Fox just opened a new place!:)...Yay!"...or something like that...no, it's a "concept"...and if you know me at all (and most of you don't) you know that restaurant nomenclature is nearly a complete mystery to me.Fox Concept is no exception (oh, I get the "Olive and Ivy"...it's sort of Mediterranean, with a what...California overbite?:)...is that a concept?I any event, The Beautiful Carin, Mike and I strolled over for cocktails and dinner, stayed for desert, sat out on the patio (which is very pleasant, BTW:)And we enjoyed ourselves!Well, why not...it was an enjoyable evening...pleasant atmosphere... the service was very good (I sometimes wonder if my reputation as a stupid good tipper is being spread around town...I seem to get great service even in places that don't really have a reputation for good service...I don't know...maybe it's just a coincidence:)At any rate...the concept was hoppin'!:-)Ton's of terrific people watching...people dining, people strolling along the Mighty Arizona Canal, people doing the hook up dance in the bar...dinner and a show...what a concept! :-)We each had a couple of marti's (oh, the joys of being able to walk to dinner!:)We started with a hummus something appetizer and antipasti...The Beautiful Carin and I split a perfectly serviceable Caesar salad and I had a nice risotto, while Carin ordered her standby...roasted chicken (I wish I could remember what Mikey ordered, but I was too busy with my marti's, chit chat and what not:)After dinner, desert seemed like a reasonable idea:)Mike and I each had a Porto, while we all shared something chocolate and another something kind of cinnamon and orange...It was all pretty good, not the best risotto, but good...actually, not the best anything, but still good...all pretty well executed (if not truly inspired)If Fox's Concept is separating me from my money on a fairly regular basis, then I guess it's a successful concept:)
4	Like Minneapolis & St. Paul. Like Cagney & Lacey. Like Nip & Tuck. Olive & Ivy is beautiful and near some water, entertaining and lesbian friendly and full of people who've had plastic surgery. Great space. Fabulous patio. I know. I know. The canal. Ugh. Love it? Hate it? Hey, it's there people. Embrace it! Like the Brady's did cousin Oliver.  And embrace the Eggs Benedict, Egg Sandwich, Focacciao bread with pesto and CENTER CUT CINNAMON ROLLS! You heard me people! Center cut. No non glazed, hardened, corner piece. Service was outstanding. I noticed the patio filled up just after we arrived. Isn't that weird? Does that ever happen to you? You arrive somewhere. Nothing. Soon the place is buzzing and so are you? Anyway. I digress. We were thirsty fashionistas recovering after a night at Scottsdale Fashion Week...i.e. we were pickled and thirsty. Ice tea and water was a flowin' the entire meal. They saw it in our blood shot eyes I'm sure. Eggs Benedict was perfection and had a delightful surprise of basil on top! Rickie LOVED his egg sandwich with avocado...looked great...though he never offered me any...Hmmm..Olive & Ivy. Like Ebony & Ivory. Living together in perfect harmony. Side by side....ok ok ok you get the picture.
4	Olive & Ivy is the perfect place for a girl's dinner!  Went here with a friend during the week.  We waited about 15 minutes for a table outside and grabbed drinks at the bar.We sat outside which was in a cute garden with tables and even couches for large groups.  It was right on the waterway and had a nice view of other buildings in the area.When we were seated, the waiter was fine that we ordered drinks at the bar which is always a good way to start out dinner!  My friend and I split a salad and a flatbread which were the perfect amount of food.  The chopped mediterranean salad was awesome.  I have no idea why it tasted so good but it did.  Our flatbread was unique and very good with asparagus and mushrooms which I normally don't like but they made this taste great.
2	Smoke and mirrors...atmosphere vs substance....I am NOT a fan. This is your typical Scottsdale spot that puts their efforts into the decor (which is REALLY nice) and not into their boring menu.Skip it.
3	Is it a get your drink on and flirt your a$$ off, because you look damn good tonight or is it a fine dining establishment...?  Well, it is definitely the former but fine dining, mmmm, not so much. On the bar, seen and be seen crowd, it is awesome. Dress to the nines because it feels like Vegas ladies. People look fabulous and you can people watch all night and not be bored. The drinks are stiff, damn expensive and well worth it. The food...Denny's sous chef was cooking the night I was eating and was doing a less than slamfastic job. We had the calamari and it was deep fried and resembled calamari in shape only. I had the bacon wrapped pork and was extremely unimpressed. The bacon was thin and slim. The sauce was dark, syrupy and had no particular taste. The ceasar salad was pure Denny's. Cut pieces of iceberg lettuce with a mayo dressing and big croutons.  Strangly, marscapone cheese was  a common ingredient in many dishes, the sauces and the soup. Given marscapone's bland taste, I didn't find adding it to entrees that innovative or interesting. So, get dressed up, get your drink on, but given the location, the Scottsdale restaurant scene is your oyster, so dine elsewhere.
4	I have only been here for drinks so I cannot review the food at this time. The design of this restaurant is great.  I love the wine room with wine stack floor to ceiling.  We ended up ordering drinks at the bar then wandering outside to sit by a fire  outside. I had a very nice view of the river and it is a very nice area of Scottsdale. It was a fun place to dress up and go out. I will have to come back and try the food.
5	5 stars for extremely passionate service and Chad.We ordered takeout dinner for a family reunion of 12 on the Tuesday before Thanksgiving (we're not from the area).  We ordered a TON of dishes, mostly salads, appetizers and flatbreads for sharing.  One in our party has an allergy to garlic, so we requested that garlic dishes be flagged.   When we arrived, the kitchen was finishing up our order with  "Garlic" written on all applicable boxes.  In fact, just about every box.  Chad, who was running the kitchen, pointed this out and then suggested a risotto specialty that was garlic free.  While his staff whipped it up immediately (the restaurant was medium busy at the time), Chad went about retrieving breads and sauces to make our meal even more enjoyable, more stuff than we deserved.  He stayed with us until everything was complete and triple-checked.  The food was very good, though judging takeout -- without proper heat and presentation -- is hard.  But we will be back when we are in Scottsdale because Chad and the rest of his staff are true hosts and restauranteurs.
3	This review would be 2.5 stars if it could be.Had a work Xmas party (for my part-time job) and we reserved the sequestered party-room.  Lovely decor, truly, it was.  Chairs like thrones, fantastic chandelier, and our own private doorway to the firepit/smoking porch for us nasty, nasty chimneys.  In typical form, I misread our invite, and arrived half an hour early, which gave me ample time to drink at the bar and peruse the menu and judge the clientele.  My over-priced Whiskey Sour was strong, and the house whiskey was Jack, so I guess it was a decent start to the night.  As far as ambience goes...Obnoxious, loud and smarmy buffoons and fake-breasted, tanned, bejeweled bimbos swarmed all over, and I guess I shouldn't be surprised, because it's Scottsdale.  However, the conversations I overheard were pretty hilarious.  The menu was much more limited than I would have imagined.  I do have to remark that the quality of service was pretty stellar.  We didn't want for anything, and were very well attended to.  Decent pesto and bread, better than I was expecting, honestly. The flatbreads were quite good, particularly the sweet corn and feta variety.  The hummus was nice, as well.  The salad was a little wonky, and the fries went bland almost instantaneously.  Both varieties of Sangria were what you'd expect from a non-authentic concept restaurant. I can't blame Olive & Ivy for my employers cutting off the staff at 9:30... so overall, I thought it looked nice, tasted okay, but was too Scottsdale for me, and frankly not all that special, anyhow.
5	This was my third visit to O&I, and the first time experiencing the "brunch menu." Plenty of lunchable dishes, tho, so while my 3 yr old devoured the perfect thick pancakes with custard and blueberry compote, my wife and I enjoyed two tasty flatbreads - mine with prosciutto (bellissima!) and hers with short rib (get 'r dun!).The serving size was generous, she barely finished hers and she hadn't eaten yet that day (we arrived around 2 pm), and I got to bring home 3 pieces for a nice snack later. (which she scammed from me!! lucky I love her....)Everything was cooked perfectly, and delicious. The decor of the place is top-notch, making me feel like I just had my living room decorated by Vern Yip from Trading Places. (always love his designs) Lots of hanging candles, rustic furniture, and an open air feel with a large outdoor patio.The bakery has a nice assortment  of freshly baked goodies (my son loved the gingerbread man cookies - and I must say, they were still warm and soft - best I ever had) and even gave me a free homemade biscuit for my "best friend" at home. And the prices, though a tad bit steep, are very reasonable for the food quality. Lunch for 3 of us, including a glass of wine and a quenching rasberry mojito was about $60.The service was just okay, not too attentive, and the waiter, tho friendly, committed one of my most hated pet peeves. As I've said in a review for Ernie's, you are NOT impressing me 1 bit by memorizing my order. Do they not give waiters/waitresses pens and paper anymore??? You could have saved yourself a few percentage points in the tip, if you you didn't have to come back to me 10 minutes later and ask me AGAIN what I ordered. Or say "You ordered the..........(long pause waiting for me to fill in the blank)...." Nope! (buzzer) The Jones Family gets a chance to steal!!!To all servers. Please. I'm begging you. Write down my order. In crayon if you want. Tattoo it on your forearm. Whatever it takes. Just please don't come back to me asking what I ordered. 5 minutes after my meal, I won't remember you, and I won't run home to nominate you for a mensa membership. I just want what I ordered.(stepping off my soapbox now)
4	The first time I went to Olive & Ivy was under slight duress.  I am an independent business snob and I freely admit it but Fox's restaurant concepts are bordering on chain at this point.  Yet when I arrived I was struck by the interior design (the same designer that did SideBar from what I'm told).  I love the hanging amber lights that look like they are floating in air and the general vibe of the place (minus the people that all look the same, typical Scottsdale).  I was pleasantly surprise.  Fast forward to last night.  I actually suggested the place to entertain friends from DC and New York. The experience was memorable.  Our waiter Rick was super, knew the food and was very authentic and cheerful.  I had the braised short-rib with a sauce that was in perfect harmony with the polenta and the beef that truly melts in your mouth.  My partner had the scampi risotto and our friends, the sea bass.  All of the dishes were fantastic.  Most impressive, when the dishes came out to the table, all of the runners knew exactly what each person had ordered and the plate was promptly put down in front of the right diner.  This is so important for a restaurant to remember and something often forgotten.  Listen if we are going to plunk down about $200 for a meal, it is common courtesy (and very simple to find out) which diner ordered what.  When a lazy server comes to the table with no enthusiasm asking "who had the ....." that just pisses me off. So all in all, I really liked this place and we will definitely be back.
3	It's actually a 3.5 stars rating. Everything was good, but not that spectacular. The place is very spacious and casual, with a big outdoor area. We came here for dinner on Black Friday, the place was pretty filled yet our wait was not too bad (about 10-12 minutes). We picked indoor seating, where I felt the lighting was a bit too dark. We ordered the Atlantic Salmon and the Free Range Chicken, the salmon plate looked very neat, but for some reasons, I did not like how the chicken was presented (see pics) . My salmon was juicy and flavorful along with the roasted beets and potatoes. Didn't try my friend's chicken since I wasn't impressed by the presentation at all.The service on the other hand was excellent!
4	I have been here quite a few times and I love it!!!  I love the cool decor and the little market.  I like the patio area..but mostly I love their red sangria..mmm...you can buy it by the pitcher!!  I have always found everyone working there to treat us with great service...It is a favorite lunch spot of mine!
3	Good food, awesome design (in and outside) and cool environment. The three of us sat outside mid morning with a very welcome 65 degree breeze. Turns out I sat facing away from many a typical scottsdaleian, so wasn't too reminded of where I was and what crowd was there. All that matters anyway is the company you're with:)A little pricier than I'd like, but not nutso expensive (~$10 for coffee, egg sandwich + fruit) . Who knows if my review of this place is biased because of the great conversation that accompanied the meal I had, but either way, I left with a smile and a happy and contented tummy:)
2	I was not all that impressed with dinner.  For me it's a more enjoyable spot for happy hour, drinks & a few appetizers.  The White Peach & Hibiscus margarita is absolutely delicious.  Go during happy hour, get 50% off, then you won't feel like it was such a waste/rip-off!
4	Somewhere between a 3.5-4 We tried to find Aye Caramba with another GPS fail and in frustration I just drove to the Fiesta Bowl Museum so at least my plus one could get to see his football stuff..... fail (again) turned into a positive. We went in for breakfast and was pleasantly surprised. My egg sandwich was yummy. They said Kaiser roll but what I got was something soft and delicious (similar to Matt's Big Breakfast's Five Spot). Eggs were well done, avocado was fresh, cheese was yummy and the highlight was the potatoes. The potatoes were crispy outside soft inside and decently seasoned. It was a lot of food for 7.50. Boyfriend got the 2 eggs and he was happy. While we were waiting for our food we caught sight of the french toast.. it smelled like cinnamon and sugar and they were three large thick slices along side some berry compote....next time.. next time... Liked the decor (we sat near the wine cellar wall) and our food came within 10 minutes.  In looking at the reviews maybe breffix (breakfast) is a better option than lunch.
4	My husband took me here for my 30th birthday! YAH! I was not disappointed! I thought the decor here was out of this world and it takes so much talent to design like this....As some of you are food snobs I am a food and ambiance snob. We had the pita chips and hummus to start which was so good. A great feature added to the hummus was cucumbers which added a nice crunch. I also enjoyed tomato bisque soup which was out of this world. I think the waiter we had was nice but did not seem to have much of a personality which I do look for in my dining experience. I would go back here but not too soon as I have a whole list of places I would like to try now that I just moved here!
4	Walked into this place on a Saturday night (i am from out of town) with my 4 girl friends...this place is HUGE!   Very packed and loud but in a fun way.  Love the decor and ambiance.Huge bar in the middle with a nice wine list and a variety of drink options.The wait was a little annoying, as we had reservations and still had to wait about 40 minutes.The menu had some vegetarian options, not a whole lot, but what i ate was really good.  The vegetable Crostini appetizer was amazing and the Hummus was not that bad either.I had the margarita pizza which was good, my friends had a pasta with chicken and they loved it as well.The sangria we had was ok, I've had better in Chicago.  The crowd was upbeat and lively, seemed to have quite a few out of towners as well, and the age ranged anywhere from college to seniors...price wise it wasn't the cheapest place but it won't rip a hole in your pocket either.
3	I'm sad to say that my very first meal in Arizona was a bit of a letdown. Admittedly, the setting is pretty scenic, but I kind of felt like I was in a suburban "upscale" mall restaurant that was trying to be more chic and happening than it could ever hope to be. I went with a Cobb Salad, which should have been a simple choice but the leaves seemed a bit wilted and the entire serving just a tad bland, even after a hefty dosing of pepper on my part. Still, service was relatively fast and friendly, so if I worked nearby, I can see how this could be an alright spot to keep on one's lunch circuit. No doubt about it, the best thing going here is the waterfront.
4	I love this place. Atmosphere and their ridiculously pricey drinks. food is great and it is a fun place to come with friends and grab drinks and be social.
4	When I like something I tend to order it again...and again...and again.  After a morning hike at Camelback Gabi M and I stopped by here for breakfast. I ordered their breakfast smoothie (mmm) and an egg white omelette, served with tomatoes and avocado. Oh, and a side of fruit too!I liked it so much that when we finished our workout the next morning I asked if we could go back to Olive and Ivy. Same order this time around, but this time I added cheddar cheese to the omelette. They put a layer of cheese on top (rather than inside), which isn't how I usually like it, but this was actually really good.I was bummed when I ran out of time on my 3rd morning in Phoenix to stop by for my usual breakfast, but I hope to be back next time.
4	Malibu Rum Barbie has to alternate this place with the Sangria Slut. Somehow, she found out the White Sangria comes in a Tang-rimmed glass and that floozy loves to lick anything. But again, I digress people. I have frequented O&I nearly three dozen times in the past couple years. Always enjoy myself as I usually go with a group of friends ready to drink. Appetizers are delish. Hummus. Yummus. Flatbreads are tasty and you can still get the Pesto off menu. Just ask. They'll do it. Brunch is Fab!!! Unfortunately, my wallet takes a hit here. Their prices are a bit high but I'm sure it's the Waterfront rents that make them do it.
4	Looks like there are some haters out there!This place - in no way - deserves less than three stars in any opinion. It is at least A-OK folks. You may have a bad experience individually, but the negative review I read were just a little snobby.Beautiful place.Great focaccia and pesto... but go easy, Killer, or you will spoil dinner.Tasty flat bread pizza... The asparagus/shroom combo was fine, but you must like a pronounced shroom flavor.The Mediterranean salad was a nice balance of color, flavor, and texture.
4	I stopped by Olive and Ivy with Gabi M and Andrea R for a quick breakfast in the marketplace side. I really enjoyed the coffee house/market vibe of this place, especially for such a casual meal. We just ordered at the counter, took our number, found a seat, and they brought our food out to us.While Olive and Ivy serve a myriad of snacks, including some very delicious looking baked goods I went for a healthier option - the egg white omelet. It was served with tomatoes, avocados and a side of mixed fruit. On the day I was there the fruit was mostly melon in case you're wondering. Gabi and I also shared an order of wheat toast to round out our meal.Andrea raved about the smoothies, but I had to have coffee since it's my favorite thing to drink first thing in the morning. And the coffee here was good - smooth and dark just the way I like it!
5	In celebration of how awesome our team is at work, we were taken to Olive & Ivy. We were seated at a large table inside that overlooked the patio the fountains and the "waterfront" (i say "waterfront" because it's actually a canal, and it seems so silly to refer to it as the "waterfront"). The weather was beautiful, so all of the sliders were open, and the view was actually really nice. We started out by ordering two bottles of the Russian Jack Pinot Noir. It was the perfect choice with our dinner- light but flavorful. I'd definitely order it again. We also ordered two flatbreads, the sweet corn & tomato and the asparagus & wild mushroom. If you really twisted my arm, I might say that the corn & tomato was my favorite. But they were both so delicious, that it really is a tough decision. Before bringing our entrees, our waitress brought out the focaccia bread with pesto dipping sauce. I had to really try and restrain myself from eating all of it, so I would still have room for dinner, but it was hard because that stuff is delicious! When my meal arrived, I was slightly disappointed by how small it looked. I thought that maybe I should have loaded up on the focaccia while I still had the chance. I had ordered the Sweet Potato Cannelloni, and after the waitresses ravings, was really hoping for something a little larger. But when I took my first bite, everything changed. The sauce was so rich, and the only thing I can think to compare it to was cake. Each little bite of cannelloni was taking a bite of the best cake I've ever had. It was so sweet, but not overly sweet. And with little pearl onions and brussel sprout leaves scattered throughout, I was seriously in Heaven. I devoured my meal, even though I felt full about half way through, I just couldn't stop. The ambiance and service was great, but the food was amazing. It's definitely on the pricey side, but so worth the cost. I encourage everyone to stop in for a little bit of Heaven.
4	Good spot.  Food is good, service is good, and vibe is good.  Love the patio here.  Another great Sam Fox restaurant.Food: 3Service: 4Ambiance: 4.5
5	This restaurant was suggested to us by the gal at the Roaring Fork, as they were not open for lunch. I had the turkey sandwich, it was like having Thanksgiving between two slices of bread! It was awesome! The staff was engaging, not taking offense to our preoccupation with trying to figure out why some people got white napkins and some got black napkins. Turns out their white napkins are "linty" and they have had people complain, so they give out black napkins to anyone with dark pants on. Why anyone would complain to a restaurant  about lint on their trousers is an entirely different question. This place has great ambiance too. Check it out!
4	Friends of ours from the area took us here after a Cubs game and we had a very enjoyable experience. The ambience is very cool/trendy and the patio looked awesome. Super comfortable, with good seats/couches, heaters (which for Arizonians is a must), and acoustic musicians...I hear at night the bar can be somewhat of a pain because of overcrowdedness.Food was solid. For app: Prosciutto with an abnormally large portion of meat. Fried Calamari which had a good reception for those who ate it and an awesome salad.For dinner: I ordered the short rib which was fantastic...however when I first looked at it...wasn't so sure. Not a big portion upon first glance but after devouring an extremely tender piece of meat (even sharing a few bites) I felt differently. The pureed corn was a nice touch and I was extremely satisfied once finished. The dessert looked just as good and was from what the rest of the table said.Only downside: Waitress seemed preoccupied the entire meal and not really all that friendly. No recommendations, monotone, and looking over your shoulder as she explained the specials and taking your order...maybe she wasn't a Cubs fan....who knows.
4	Very swanky, sleek and sumptious. I enjoyed noshing-on fresh fried calamari and truffle oil fries as starters. We enjoyed our 'oceanview' dining until the entrees arrived. In a timely manner, my delicious fresh Atlantic wild-caught salmon arrived with a side of whipped smashed potatoes and pan-seared brussel sprouts. Every bite offered a savory, rich but light and tasty concotion. I can't wait to go back one day!
5	A few years ago my friend had her birthday dinner here. We were seated in the back room w/ the long table. It was a fun night. One of the Phoenix Suns coach was there that night and took care of us. Anyway I've been here several times since then, and always have a great time. I love the open high ceilings w/ dark wood flooring and swanky decor. Of all the times we would come here, it had always been on a busy wkend night... So the ambiance is perfect... packed w/ good-looking people mingling at the inviting open bar. My most recent visit was yesterday...which was my first experience having lunch here. There was a live band and the floor-to-ceiling windows were wide open to the patio... wow it looked great. We decided to not wait for the table since we found seats at the bar. I have to rave about the salad.... Mediterranean w/ chicken.... OMG one of the best I've ever tasted... absolutely delicious! And the crisp White Haven was paired perfectly w/ it ( and I'm not a big fan of white wine... but it was a warm sunny day). The service was a bit slow but the bartender admitted they were short- staffed... And it was super busy. So I didn't mind as long as our wine glasses were topped off... :) which he promptly always did w/ a smile.
4	Great location!  Been here for dinner twice, brunch once.  Dinner is very good.  The espresso poured over ice cream dessert is very unique, and a must try.  For brunch, the vanilla yogurt is AMAZING!  And I hate yogurt.  It is the only yogurt I will eat.  The potato flat bread is only meh.  Long wait times.  Crazy Scottsdale clubbers fill the bar area on weekend nights too; its distracting when trying to have a nice dinner.
4	I went to Olive & Ivy last Friday night while on a girl's trip to Scottsdale and really enjoyed the restaurant. We made a reservation earlier in the day but when arriving to the restaurant realized that we wanted to set outside (the back patio is very cute and quieter). The bar scene is pretty good and I really enjoyed the red sangria. We ordered a bunch of items to share and everything was delicious. I recommend the roasted veggie crostini, the arugula salad, and the sweet corn and margarita flat breads. I'd give the restaurant 4.5 stars - the service was fast but our server sounded like he was reading off of a script in his head and didn't really understand the food or wine menus.
4	This place has become our "go to" place after hiking Camelback every weekend for the past 4 (soon to be 5) weekends! The pastries are very good. This last time we had the egg, bacon, Avocado & cheese breakfast sandwich on a toasted roll - which was extremely tasty. The bread was really good - nice and soft - perfect for a sandwich with these ingredients. The staff is always friendly, patient and helpful.
5	Now I can say that I've dined here for breakfast and dinner.  We elected for grabbing breakfast in the front as the restaurant wasn't open.  You're able to sit anywhere you chose, grab a number, and they will bring your breakfast to you.  They have a small menu selection.  I went w/ the smoked salmon platter, it's a classic & you can't really go wrong.  I also had the yogurt parfait - it was really good.  All the berries in there were fresh and in season.  For dinner, I enjoyed the calamari appetizer, duck & spinach ravioli, and sangria.  The calamari was pretty oily - it would've been nice to have a piece of paper at the bottom of the serving platter.  The ravioli was good, and the bite of sea bass that I had was good too.  Surprisingly the dessert didn't catch my eye.  But the server was great.  On a last note I set up a group private dining event a couple of years ago and they absolutely enjoyed it and I want to say there's a private outdoor area as well attached to the PDR.  My group had nothing but rave reviews.  All in all it gets 5 stars for the ambiance with the seating outside by the river, and great service.
4	Olive & Ivy, though somewhat hidden in the mix of Old Town Scottsdale and Scottsdale Fashion Square, is a popular restaurant frequented by 50-somethings trying to look like 30-somethings and 20-somethings showing off all of their 20-somethingness. The sunglasses are big, the shopping bags more expensive than I can afford over a lifetime and the tans as dark as they come. The atmosphere is swanky and there is often a Jason Mraz wannabe playing his music just inside the door. I've been seated, at one point or another, in each room of the restaurant. The red room in the rear near the pizza oven can be a bit tight but is a nice choice if you want to hear each other from across the table. The main dining area can get pretty loud - but it makes for great people watching. The white room has a lot of appeal with its large chairs and high cloth-draped walls. The problem is, as I was seated here for a client dinner, is that the humongous circular table creates a yelling match across the tables. Don't make any important business deals here. Maybe it would be better for a bridal shower. Eh. It's cool looking.The waitresses are attentive and deliver drinks and pesto and bread dip in a timely manner. The bread/dip combo is delicious! I would go just for that if I could. I usually order the flatbreads. My favorite is the prosciutto with arugala. Delicious! Olive & Ivy also has a cafe/market that is great for lunch. If I'm feeling simple I get the grilled cheese which is always satisfying or I get one of their delicious sandwiches.Overall a great place to eat and be seen, a perfect combo for Scottsdale!
5	I have been to Olive & Ivy many times for happy hour and dinner, but my first time for brunch.  I went with some girlfriends and it was a perfect spring-time girls get-together.  I had the Cinnamon French Toast, which was amazing and my friends had the mixed berries with yogurt, also delish!   I was surprised at the portions (large) and the price (reasonable).  Would love to go back for brunch and try something new.
3	This is a 3 1/2 rating really.  I have been here a number of time for drinks and dinner.  It's a fun place, busy on weekends, and good people watching.  The beet salad and filet medium were what I order this last time around.  Both tasty and above average.  The others ordered the steak and bruschetta I believe.  Everyone seemed happy with what they ordered.  Not the best meal of all time but good food, nice decor, healthy ambiance, and decent service.  The patio is nice any time of the year.  Although funny, because they consider the water behind it to be water front as though it's a river.  I don't think so.  I looks like all of the typical SRP water tributaries in the area.  It doesn't hurt certainly but water front - NOT.  Anyways, go there for a late happy hour and you won't be disappointed.
4	A friend and I decided to go to Olive and Ivy's happy hour on Friday. It was a warm day but we still sat on the patio and it was perfect with the misters and shaded trees. They offer great HH prices half off sangria pitchers, apps, flat breads and signature cocktails. We ordered the red sangria and it was delicious. We liked how it wasn't jammed full with chunks of fruit we felt we got more for our money. We ordered the antipasti plate that we were pleased with as well as the artichoke hearts. This was served with a salad that I thought was a nice touch. The service was friendly and attentive.
3	The food seasonings here is very STRONGl...alittle too much for my taste. I am a lighter eater, this is for people who like it hearty and thick! Nice atmosphere. Cozy seating! :D I got the cheese and meat appetizer. The Bread is amazing. The main course was too thick for me. Alot of their main dishes are very soupy. Like a stew. Yeah, I'm not into soups for main courses.
5	I don't have a bad thing to say about this place.  They have tons of great seating inside and out, don't be fooled by the cute little deli at the entrance!The girls and I met for a celebration at the noon hour where we partook in the Sangria, salad, ahi tuna and mushroom-asparagus flat bread.Everything was fabulous!  The service was great and the food was fresh and tasty.Great job Fox family.
3	The restaurant is in the heart of Old Town so the atmosphere has a great vibe!  It has a good wine list.. prices are a bit high but worth an occasional nite on the town.  It was a fun place to meet up with friends for cocktails with a live dj!  The calamari was the best I have had in awhile.  Service was a bit slow in the lounge.  Great patio with a firepit, fountain and plenty of seating with misters.
4	I'm jealous that we don't have Olive & Ivy in Denver....My friend and I hadn't planned on going here last week, but after getting lost on our way somewhere else we wound up here. It was a hopping Saturday night and everyone looked very dressed up. All ages filled the restaurant. We got lucky with 2 lounge chairs outside. There were limited seats and they are 1st come 1st serve and beware of couples making out.We loved the Braised Short Rib flat bread with Caramelized Onions & Gorgonzola. I wish we knew how big it was going to be as we didn't need the Prosciutto di Parma Bruschetta with Crescenza Cheese, Arugula & Fig Preserves. But we love everything in front of us.And their Red Raspberry Mojito was fabulous to look at and drink. Enjoy my pictures.
3	I was visiting on business, and a  work colleague took me here (their favorite restaurant); it's located in an upscale outdoor retail and residence complex, Scottsdale Fashion Square, so on the plus side, they're situated in a good, vibrant location - suitable for people-watching! It's a newer, larger-size restaurant, and kind of reminded me of something one might find here in the Bay Area - high ceilings, large open-air windows, well-dressed (yet casual) people, large bar, patio, animated conversations, etc. I liked the ambience - it wasn't too crowded, yet not deserted, either!There was actually no wait, we were seated outdoors, and our server promptly took our drink order and also, served up some bread.I opted for the Seared Ahi Tuna Salad - ($15)Mizuna Greens, Fresh Avocado, Mushrooms, Soy Caramel...extra avocado, of course!The food was good, and my salad tasted really fresh - even the  tuna. I was not disappointed at all. ...however, what I *was* disappointed in was the service. The food came out slowly, and after it was delivered, the server disappeared, and it was quite the effort for us to flag her down for drinks, etc. We were in a slight hurry, yet it was difficult to try to catch her for the bill.After we finished eating, it was a good 20-minute wait before we took off. Had it not been for this point, I prob would've given this place four stars!
3	Came here for dinner last night.  Great place for people watching, if you like watching boring people. A very enthusiastic (though as we discovered later, inept) DJ was "spinning" near the entrance. Got seated, ordered. Drinks came quickly, as did appetizers and entres. Everything was very good. However service was poor. Water was not refilled, we were not asked if we wanted refills or additional drinks. We sat in a booth inside, but the outdoor seating looked great, lots of space overlooking the waterfront.B/B-
1	Went here for a company holiday dinner. Between the aweful service (45 minutes for a refill) the loud, obnoxious music, the dark atmosphere and the food that sounded amazing and was absolutely revolting (I personally took about four bites of one slice of 'pizza' and could not even tolerate to eat it. This is coming from someone who could eat a slice of dominos if needed. Thats how very bad it was.) The dessert we got, I believe peanut butter gelato was horrific. This place is for wanna be hip people. Its actually kind of sad.
4	Another Sam Fox hot spot but with so many reviews of Olive and Ivy, this review will mainly focus on the fabulous concept they created called...a marketplace. So it's not the newest idea to hit the streets, but it's a great bonus for Olive and Ivy to offer a marketplace for those on the go who are craving a Mediterranean chopped salad or one of their heavenly flat bread pizzas. I've been a frequenter of Olive and Ivy since they first opened and like any other Sam Fox restaurant, they have a perfect blend of mainstream favorites with a twist based on the genre. The Sangria is delicious (I suggest the red), their salads are great and I love their flat bread pizzas. It's perfect for a group dinner, a date, if you have friends visiting or if you just have an urge to sit along the canal (umm...I mean "waterfront") and enjoy the nice weather. While I love their food and I can always enjoy an extended lunch or dinner, sometimes I'm on the go and just want to be in and out. Rather than forcing me to call into the restaurant, order food to-go and wait for it by the hostess, the marketplace is Olive and Ivy's go-to spot for to-go orders. Breakfast, lunch or dinner...if you're hungry they've got something for you. I've had their egg sandwich which I'm thinking was a bit higher in calories than I wanted, but was worth it with every bite. I've been on the go and grabbed a salad, sandwich, coffee, dessert, etc...etc...etc and the service is quick and seamless. They even have gelato if you're sweet tooth is acting up. For solo lunch goers, the Olive and Ivy Marketplace is perfect because you can sit and eat without being in the actual restaurant. So in summary, I love Olive and Ivy for the days that I can sit and stay but for the days I'm in a hurry, I know I can always count on their Marketplace.
4	I can't speak for dinner, but I've been here twice for brunch and the foods is fantastic.The brunch prices are very reasonable, 8-14ishThe bread that is served with your meal is awesome. Dip in the olive oil. pesto mixture and you could just eat this for a meal. I know I had a few slices before my meal even arrived. The bread was that good!The chorizo breakfast burrito is big, flavorful and can match any appetite (including mine). There is fresh pico in the side and some tasty fried potatoes. A good hearty mealNice atmosphere. A winner for brunch. The two people my wife and I took here from out of town enjoyed themselves and the food.
4	During the spring and fall in Phoenix, I'm a huge fan of Olive & Ivy. You can't beat their patio - its first come, first served on huge, comfortable furniture along with fire pits. The areas are nicely divided and its absolutely perfect for large groups. Sometimes the stench of the "waterfront" aka canal can creep up on you, but its usually fine. What to order? I typically don't get dinner, but like to share small plates like the flatbread with my party. The sangria, margaritas and wine are all really good. Oh - and if they don't just automatially bring it over, but sure to ask for the bread and pesto. Delish!
4	Private room dining was nice, Mediterranean salad was great super fresh and flavorful; roast chicken in wine reduction was perfectly done, service was attentive. It was loud in the main dining room so this is probably not the spot for intimate conversations etc.
4	Two words.... HAPPY HOUR!!!!! My girls and I went to happy hour last Friday, Olive & Ivy was the first stop, cuz everyone knows HH isn't just one hour. :-) We had never tried their HH before and wanted to see what it was all about. It's flipping amazing is what it is. Half off almost everything.... bottles of wine, flat bread pizza, salads, sangria, appetizers, beer, cocktails.... The three of us split a couple craft's of red sangria (one caraf = $10 one caraf = two glasses per person) Needless to say we were very much pleased with our HH choice this day. We also got the margarita flat bread and the pick three cheese plate. So good! If you are looking for a fab HH in Old Town this is the place to be for sure!
5	The short rib sandwich was uber delicious, as was the bread, salmon flatbread, and the coffee! We all know how much I love coffee, and I loved it, including the glass.  I also love how they flavor their water every day in a different way.  Another thumbs up for Fox Restaurant Concepts!
5	It is definatley time for an update!  after a few dozen ++ visits since last rvw!  Loved the cooking class last week in thier intimate executive room.  Sam Fox was available throughout the evening to give updates on FRC, to answer questions, and serve food.  Was very informative, and alot of fun.Right now, there is a drop-dead special: 3 courses for $20 - yes, you heard me right: THREE course meal for less than the cost of an entree !!  O.M.G.  can't wait to go back - again, and again, and again.Oh, HH is now 7 days/wk !   Whoooooooooooooo :-)
3	I talk to a lot of people who really love Olive and Ivy.  It has a lot going for it that works really well:I love the ambience.  The booths are super comfy and I like that, depending on where you're sitting, you can see the chefs cooking up something awesome with flames licking the air like you're in the most awesome depths of hell (not as punishment, more like a 1980's heavy metal fantasy).While there are items on the menu that are pretty goddamned expensive, there's always something there that's within your price range.  I like how on the other side of the restaurant you can just order something to go deli-style and grab a bottled beverage and run in and out really quick if you've got a tight time-restraint on your lunch break.However, considering how highly the restaurant obviously thinks of itself (it really does), the food isn't that good.  Now, don't get me wrong, it's not disgusting by any means and it's certainly not even bad.  It's good.  It is definitely good, but... I mean with the lush interiors and all the fake Scottsdale noses you see around, I'd think their food would be... better?  I'm trying not to sound like a picky little bitch, but man, when you get the fries with the burger, the fries just aren't very good, man.  The burger is kind of a standard, kind of hard to fuck up, but, y'know, it could be better.  I had their short rib sandwich and just wasn't into it.  The pasta I got another time was good, I liked it, but it seemed to me like something I would probably make myself super bored staying at home.It's altogether an alright place.  Their drinks are usually pretty good and the service is awesome.  Three stars.
4	I like this place a lot.  I have eaten here a handful of times and I enjoyed all of my meal thus far.  You have to go for lunch don't go to dinner because the seen is kind of the same and the lunch menus food tastes a lot better during lunch.I have not been there in a while but when I went I got grilled lemon chicken with hummus and it was so tasty.The market place is pretty good, I have only walked through it but saw they had some really good looking stuff to bring home or eat on the go.Recommendation: to the people at the mall who want to have a nice lunch and enjoy a cocktail, but not for dinner.
4	I've eaten lunch at Olive & Ivy on a number of occasions, including this week.  The great service we received deserves a review.  I have always enjoyed the atmosphere at this restaurant for a business lunch - relaxed, not stuffy, not too noisy (but not too quiet), attentive staff and pretty good and affordable food.  This is why I choose it relatively frequently.  When we sat down this time our waitress had difficulty answering a question.  Immediately her colleague, who was within earshot, came over, as she was explaining that she was new on the job.  He answered the question and also assisted her throughout the meal with several other questions about what was in the food (important due to allergy issues).  As my colleague was enjoying his sandwich, he observed that there was not very much filling, although what was there tasted great.  When they came by to ask how things were, he shared that comment, to which the response was "we'd be happy to provide more if you would like" - very good response.  Later, when the bill came, we were told that our dessert was on the house for sharing our comments.  Totally unexpected.  An example of a great service attitude that more restaurants would be well to copy.
4	Never heard of the place...And yes, I committed the ultimate sin by not Yelping this place first (please forgive me), so I didn't know what to expect.  My friends and I went in for a quick drink and walked out 3 hours later stuffed and buzzed.We discovered happy hour.  And boy were we happy.  Half off appetizers and wine.  Does it get any better?  Yes, Virginia, it does.  It's not only half off glasses of wine, but a good selection of bottles, too.  We got two bottles for the regular price of one!We ordered the bacon wrapped dates, prosciutto bruschetta, calamari, artichoke hearts and antipasti platter.  All the dishes were well executed displayed an awesome combo of flavors and textures.  The dates and bruschetta were my faves.We thought about having another dish, but we were saving room for gelato (the espresso gelato was great).  The marketplace up front had some nice looking pastries and I vowed to stop for breakfast...perhaps I will need to write a follow up review when I do.
4	Sugar rush!Went back for the breakfast items (pastries to be specific).  I ordered two cinnamon roll "centers."  I'm not sure why they call the rolls centers, but I do know that they are really big and really good and really gooey.  If you want your morning sugar rush, get one...or two.I also got a raisin croissant.  It's called something fancier, but I have no idea what.  It is $3, but the thing is the size of two regular croissants.  It didn't have quite as much raisins as I would have liked, but it was flaky, buttery, and had a nice sugary glaze on top.  FRC, you all need to open a joint or two in Vegas!
4	We sat on the patio with our family.  It was a wonderful time. The patio seating is so comfortable with big plush cushions.  The sound of the fountain and the glow of the lights made it such a peaceful time (except when our 3 year old fell in the fountain). The food was great, especially the two kinds of bruschettas.  Our server was sweet and helpful.  Highly recommend.
5	Came here on Friday with my Mom and two sisters after a day of shopping up Fashion Square. There was a bit of a wait (35+ minutes) which would've been okay if it wasn't 200 degrees at 8pm. In any event, once we were seating I must say everything was perfection. Everyone had some wine, our waiter/service was great, and the food was to die for. We started out with the Parmesan Truffle Fries as a starter - OMG - incredible! I had the Free Range Chicken which was not only presented nicely but tasted even better. I wasn't a huge fan of the veggies but the mash and chicken were SO good. Everyone else had fish and since I don't eat that stuff I can't comment - but I know everyone was impressed! We divulged and finished off the night with the Peanut Butter Torte. Again: OMG. The torte itself was amazing but the salted peanut butter gelato on the side was INCREDIBLE. Sigh. Definitely worth the wait. And if nothing else the people watching was fairly priceless...
4	We came here on a Friday afternoon/evening right after work for happy hour.  My wife had been given a gift card for her birthday for the Fox restaurants, so we decided to spend it here.The happy hour is very underrated, and I'm not sure why we don't go more often.Wines are half off, both by the glass and by the bottle.  Cocktails are a couple dollars off, and beers might be half off as well.  We've had the cocktails before, and they are solid - not my favorites, but strong, well made and tasty.  This time, we opted for a bottle of wine - not a bad deal at half off - ended up being a $15 bottle of Reisling.  My wife is still figuring out which wines she likes so she asked for advice in picking one out - the bartender made a recommendation, and then poured her a sample to try before we committed.  She liked it, so he went and got us a fresh bottle to share.  The appetizers and flat breads are also half off during happy hour.  We had the bruschetta - quite tasty, although it seemed like it was served on wheat toast, nothing overly inspired.  Had the prosciutto etc been served on a more intriguing bread...it would have been perfect.  Also, the fried calamari was tasty and light and cooked perfectly.  If they don't bring you some of their fresh made foccacia and pesto dipping oil...ask for it.  It was the absolute highlight for us.  All in all, good drinks, good food, service is great...and the happy hour prices are very reasonable.  My only tip - get there early if possible if you want elbow room.  The bar area seems to fill up pretty quickly - by the time we were leaving (6pm-ish) we had people hovering waiting for a spot at the bar.
2	The Boyfriend, myself and a friend came her for brunch. Service was very good. Drinks and bread came quick. The bread is really good!We each ordered the chorizo and egg burrito, sea bass and mediterranean salad, respectively.  And we all agreed that the food was just OK.  The place itself is very nice. I like the decoration, and if you need a private room for a bridal shower brunch or to celebrate your Mom's bday, this would be a good place to go to. Also, when the weather is nice, opt for a table outside.
5	Olive and Ivy is one of the best places to go in Scottsdale for a lovely weekend breakfast or my personal favorite, Sunday brunch.The food is beyond delicious - my favorite is the egg sandwich that comes complete with avocado, egg, cheese, mayo, bacon, and all served on a deliciously fluffy croissant. My sister loves the hanger steak with eggs and asparagus too!The staff is very nice and accommodating. Olive and Ivy serves potatoes on the side of my egg sandwich, but they are always eager to please me when I ask or a fruit salad instead - sweet juicy fresh fruit in a bowl is the perfect addition to a delectable breakfast sandwich. I also highly suggest the morning cocktails. My mother and I visit Olive and Ivy EVERY time she is in town. She loves the Peach Bellini and has actually made me a fan as well although their white sangria (which is actually pink) as a perfect morning pick me up! If you get a chance to visit Olive and Ivy I would STRONGLY recommend it! Best breakfast in Scottsdale. It is beyond affordable for how delicious the food is and how great the service is!
4	I'm kind of obligated to love this place, because my wife and I had our first date here AND I proposed to her here (she said yes, too).  Obviously, the restaurant holds lots of sentimental value to us, and I love that.I also love the food and wine menu.  We've tried many of the entrees, including the Braised Short Ribs and Rack of Lamb, all of which were outstanding.  We've also ordered many of the red wines, and always enjoyed our selections.  Nearly everything on the dinner and wine list is pricey, but it's also worth it, so go there when you can enjoy it.The big BUT I have to include here is that we've had both exceptional service and terrible service.  On at least three or four occasions, our service was fast and friendly, just what you want.  The last time we visited Olive & Ivy was for our one-year wedding anniversary.  I called ahead, made reservations, and told the hostess over the phone what we were celebrating and the fact that I had proposed to my wife there as well.  Once there, no one ever wished us a happy anniversary, and we were sat in, possibly, the worst location in the restaurant, adjacent to a door (in January) that was constantly being opened and closed.  It actually looked like the table was placed there at the last minute, because no one would ever want to sit that close to a cold drafty door in January.  Not only that, but our server was unfamiliar with the wine list and couldn't give us any recommendations on appetizers (she said everything was good).Hopefully, that one bad server is no longer there, and everything is back to the way it was.  If so, I'd recommend Olive & Ivy to anyone!
4	Unbelievable ahi. Service was adequate.  Mood and ambiance was good. Background music was nice. Will go again sometime.
3	I like Olive & Ivy's food, but I love their Mojitos. I could completely forgo the food and solely sip on that delicious drink. However, my gripe is that I don't really think it's worth $10. That is a little steep for that particular drink in my opinion, as they don't make it too strong and it's not muddled to perfection a la Trader Vic's style.Their food is good to really good, and I do think that most of the menu is over priced. That's probably because you are paying for the "concept" not the food. As per usual, Olive & Ivy attracts a fake crowd - just like most of the Sam Fox spots. On the other side though, this restaurant does provide me with some excellent people watching and that's always fun every once in a while. Some other good aspects of Olive & Ivy are the: outdoor patio (great place to sip my Mojito and people watch), sea bass or seared ahi tuna dishes (I'll usual order one or the other) and the service (their wait staff is on top of their tables).Olive & Ivy doesn't get me too excited so it's a solid 3 stars... because if someone asked me to suggest a restaurant in the Waterfront area, it probably wouldn't be my first recommendation.
5	I finally had the opportunity to try this place.  The atmosphere is fabulous...love the decor which feels sort of chic, elegant yet understated with a great mix of colors and textures...I'm very aesthetic and a beautifully decorated restuarant ususally enhances my reviews :)We were seated in the far back room which was nice, comfortable, well lit and very quiet.  I was immediately impressed with the lunch menu which felt very comprehensive and certainly not overpriced whatsoever.  I opted for the Curry Chicken Salad ($11) which includes field greens, chicken breast, sliced almonds and golden raisens with a two dressing combination of creamy curry and a red wine vinagarette which I ordered on the side.  I ate every last bite of the salad.  She ordered the Heirloom Beet Salad ($11) which was a very nice presentation.  The focaccia bread with pesto dipping sauce edged my carb craving.  Oh, I can't forget the fabulous Black Iced Tea (with a hint of tropical flavor) which was just delicious.  The service was extremely friendly and attentive...absolutely no complaints whatsoever.  It was an extremely nice dining experience and I'm looking forward to returning soon.
1	This place is characterized by rude service, okay food, and a generally callous attitude toward customers . Ideally, this place would suit those who are looking for an awful evening in a nice part of town!  If you are anything other than lily white, blondes preferred,   expect to wait an eternity for any service.  The waitress we were unlucky to get was indeed a RACIST.  She was downright belligerent and rude, behaving as if she was doing us a favor by even getting us food and drinks. We were a group of eight people and had a tab in the $400-500 range yet got lousy service.  The manager was not helpful either and his attitude was simply that the waitress is usually very good - this despite the fact that we complained that she was awful. I have been here twice and will NEVER GO HERE again.
3	It was a lunch on a random Wednesday, but the restaurant seemed vast and a little empty when we arrived.  We did see two of their private rooms which seemed to be a great choice for group dining.  I thought the food was average, our waiter was cute and friendly but a little slow for lunch, and the prices a little high.  I may need to revisit but there are so many places to go.  Luckily, my lunch friend makes all places fun!
3	3.5 stars - overall pleased, would adopt as a happy hr. standby, rated downward b/c food was decent, not raveworthy.Quite pleasantly surprised to discover this airy, spacious resto-lounge in Scottsdale Fashion Sq. Stopped in during happy hr. on a Thursday, decent mix of patrons. Overall space is versatile and occasion-friendly, great alfresco feel as giant oak doors were opened to the outdoor patio.  Lounge is perfect for small parties with low couches and leather sofa chair seating.  Great happy hr. specials (M-F 4-6pm) $5 small plates, well drinks, house wine, sangria. Prosciutto bruschetta w/crescenza cheese, arugula & fig preserves was perfectly balanced. Italian sausage flatbread w/pequillo peppers & goat cheese - the peppers and goat cheese made this flatbread, the sausage was overly crumbled and didn't add much flavor. The cheese plate was fine - a mild blue and a mild Spanish cheese, plated with thinly sliced apples, marinated in a fruit jam.Apparently, they're serving a $20 3-course prix-fixe w/several interesting options through 10/31. Menu here: http://www.foxrc.com/downloads/menus/O&I_Prix_Fixe_Menu.pdfCons: White (pink) sangria was prettily presented sugar-rimmed, but served sans fruit (odd). Have had much better sangria. Service was spotty but potentially b/c bartender was doubling as our server, other servers ended up busing our table and were helpful.Look forward to checking out other Fox concepts True Food Kitchen and Zinburger.
5	Wow what a great brunch.  Great wait staff. The design and ambiance was brilliant. Damn good bloody marry.  All and all it was a great start to a day with my family. Eggs benedict FTW!
3	I took a client there hoping for a great meal and to conduct some business.  The hostess wanted to seat us next to a table that was about 8" away.....I had to request a different table.   I don't want to hear their business nor do I want them to hear mine.   The next table offered sufficient privacy.   It took about 5 minutes before we were greated by a wait staff or even offered any water.  The music was that repetitive club type of annoying beat and rather loud, again, hard to conduct business, or really any conversation.The food was great....but I probably won't return with a client in the future.  It's about the whole experience.
5	YUM!I always love coming here.  Breakfast is fantastic (HIGHLY recommend their Yogurt and Granola Bowl), Lunch is wonderful (Try the sea bass w ravioli) and Dinner is great as well (sangria anyone?).  This restaurant makes you feel like your not even in AZ with it's gorgeous patio on the canal and plush sofas. This is by far one of my favorite places to come with my girlfriends or alone and enjoy the atmosphere.  The service is always top notch and knowledgeable.  I highly recommend this place for drinks, dinner, chatting, munching, wine, breakfast, deserts, people watching, lunch and atmosphere; amongst other things...Enjoy yourself whatever you choose to do.Cheers!
3	This rating is based on first experience on a Saturday around 8:30 pm. We did not have a reservation. There were four of us in our party. They use the OpenTable system. If you're planning on a weekend night, I suggest you use it. This was a very busy night.We're not taking into account the 50 minute wait for a table. That was completely our bad for not making reservations (it was a last minute thing) and our desire to sit outside (even longer wait) as it was very loud and crowded (this seems to be another regular occurrence with Fox restaurants: they don't architect enough sound dampening to handle their capacity and they encourage standing room only at the bar with very loud/upbeat music (there was a DJ). I believe this is within their control, but they merely wish it this way.Fox Restaurant concepts has a knack for creating restaurants with a 'hip' atmosphere and a certain kind of clientele in mind. This was my first time here but my fifth Fox Restaurant visit. I'm starting to notice the ingredients/entrees are 'shared' across Fox menus. This can be a good thing as mainly these items are fresh and of high quality.We ordered 3 rounds of drinks, appetizers, entrees, and desserts. We kept a lively mood as we were good friends who hadn't seen each other in a while. Three of us had previous restaurant experience.Sam Fox stresses "outstanding hospitality every time". There are little things good and bad not worth noting. They're just what you'd expect on a busy Friday night at a popular place. That being said it would have been 'outstanding' if that kind of thing you expect everywhere else didn't apply here.Overall the food was very good (the sweet potato canneloni was noteworthy as well as mushroom soup du jour). However the service and pacing are what killed the experience for all of us.  When disappointment was expressed in an item he was not apologetic, in fact he was downright combative: "Oh, I know I said there would be 10 meatballs, but these were the last ones for the night. (there were six small ones). There was no offer to replace them with something else.  "It's a Sicilian tirimasu I TOLD you it would have citrus flavors (there were overriding orange flavors). Again, no offer to replace the item. Then of course the strange insistence he had on setting items directly in front of someone who was speaking, obscuring their view of others (a simple wait of 30 seconds would not have been disruptive), but the lack of urgency to clear the table end of meal when he was nowhere to be found and empty dessert plate sat until even after the bill was taken.How can I write this in such detail? Because while we all tried to converse, catch up and ignore his faux pas it became harder and harder to do so until we burst out in nervous laughter. We ended up poking fun at his strange actions to keep things light. As I mentioned we'd all worked as servers so we just shrugged it off, gave him his 20% and chalked it up to a poor luck of the draw. We didn't complain to the manager or give him a hard time because he's just trying to make a living (and we didn't want the night to end on THAT note), we just all shook our heads and pondered if he knew why he probably wasn't do so well as a waiter.I know Fox concepts wants a guest to have a great time, come back and recommend their places, but it also takes friendly service. Hospitality as Sam Fox defines it.  Even if there were a bunch of mistakes, friendliness, humility and a desire to please would have gone a long way with this group. He would do well to have more training, better quality control (why would an item go out less than promised/) and to retain employees of greater dedication and character.We'll probably come back, but if we see this guy again, we'll definitely request someone else.
2	We went when it first opened up a few years back, then again in November 2010.....definite change in atmosphere.  Although the food was very good, the service was mediocre at best, the server really had a "no care" attitude.  We had to ask for place settings, then our food came out before our appetizers which was very disappointing.  This could be a sign of the times and the business may be circling the drain.  Worth a try though, the food is very good.
4	Was here the past week for a private event, got to say, not very many establishments have the feel Olive&Ivy has. The ambiance is PRICELESS. What a great time of year to relax on the patio with a glass of wine and a flatbread!Dined with larger groups here as well, VERY accommodating staff. Great menu, great wine. All and all, an awesome place. Will definitely be back soon for a date night!
4	I recently visited Olive and Ivy for business last week, and after 3 visits, I am convinced that Fox Restaurants has some of the best establishments in the valley.  Olive and Ivy is the Fox Restaurant of choice for consistently good food, great drinks, and most of all, outstanding service.  I spend a lot of time in various restaurants across the valley and am always amazed at how bad service can be at some of the more popular valley restaurants.  Not Olive and Ivy.  From the first phone call for reservations, to the greeting upon walking in the door to the smiles and warm reception you receive from every server you cross, this restaurant knows how to make you feel special.Many of the reviews here will focus on the food and I could spend hours talking about my experiences but I will sum it up in a couple of my favorites. I hate dates and prunes, but the bacon wrapped dates are crazy good!The shrimp and risotto main course is one of the best dishes I have tasted since arriving in Phoenix 3 years ago.  And hands down, their short rib entree is best in the valley.The only catch is the cost.  Olive and Ivy is not cheap and definitely not for brothers looking to execute the cheap date.  With wine, apps, and main course, you will easy break the century mark, and if you are really being generous, $200 is obtainable.  But, it's worth every dollar and who knows, you may even get breakfast out of the deal!
4	I've eaten plenty of lunch and dinners at Olive and Ivy but I never seem to make it to that side of the waterfront for breakfast. Apparently, I didn't know what I was missing! This Sunday, Olive and Ivy was the choice for breakfast. And guess what? The food was pretty darn tasty! They have an extensive breakfast list full of breakfast sandwiches, frittatas, omlelettes and they even created breakfast versions of the famous flat breads. The food is very reasonably priced and it's definitely been added to the breakfast rotation!
4	I've been to Olive and Ivy a few times now and I've enjoyed the food, service and ambiance each time. I'm a big fan of the beef filet. This place has a great patio and the inside decor is modern and fun.
4	After spending what turned out to be the best Thanksgiving of my life with the love of my life and her truly amazing vegetarian family in Scottsdale, I looked forward to continuing the holiday into the next day at Olive & Ivy. One would think that after a Thanksgiving meal of salmon (that's the extent of the meat that was served), an assortment of vegetables, and Gouda grits, I would be dying for some meat. Not the case at all. The mall to which this restaurant was attached was bustling with half crazed Black Friday shoppers; however, once inside we were led into a private room that must have been designed precisely for our party of ten. I began my meal with the heirloom beet salad with pistachio and goat cheese dressing, followed by the smoked salmon flatbread. They were both out of this world. The couple of bites that I had of my lady's sea bass with wild mushroom ravioli, Brussels Sprouts and roasted squash confirmed to me that this place will not disappoint with any dish that you might order. I caution you, however, do not fill up on the delicious bread and pesto that they serve with the meal. The wine list seemed a bit eclectic, and I would have loved to try something new, or the "kilt lifter" beer, but my goal to get the body fat below five percent limited my drink of choice to Grey Goose on the rocks. Next time maybe. Save room for a cookie or gelato from the adjoining marketplace. This restaurant has the concept of restaurant and marketplace nailed. It was for me one of my high culinary experiences with plenty of love and friendship to go around. I know what you're thinking. How will I get to five percent BF while consuming flatbread and cookies? Well, how much willpower do you expect me to have after three vodkas?
5	Beautiful ambiance, wonderful service, decent wine list, and flavorful dishes.  The salmon and mashed potatoes are to die for!  There sangria is also very good... this is one of the few places I have found that doesn't over-sugar or water down the drink. Solid choice for a romantic date or to catch up with friends. Our favorite waiter remembers to bring out separate dishes for the pesto dip (delish!).  It really is the little things that make a place stand out!  Only downside is the drink orders can take +10 minutes.  If you are in a hurry don't eat here.  Live a little, relax, and enjoy the meal.  It is worth the wait!
5	We had a birthday group here and really enjoyed the evening.  Many raves about entrees- short ribs, scallops, even chicken! A nice red wine.  The pastry chef had made a fantastic chocolate cake- so glad I got to take some home for the next day!  Service- good and friendly.  I look forward to going back.
5	Sometimes I think people are too hard on Olive & Ivy, the beauty of this place is how simple your meal can be (if that makes any sense)! Although there are some $$$ items, there's also some fantastic reasonable dishes. Here's my idea of a wonderful Olive & Ivy dinner- a drink on the patio along the canal, then sit at a booth inside and enjoy truffle fries with the aioli dip PLUS the house focaccia bread with pesto to start. wow. Then I eat the chopped Mediterranean chicken salad to make myself feel better. The salad is AMAZING. Beautiful place, very romantic. It's probably my fav Fox restaurant. Other items on the menu are great too like the fish and risotto. I think the service is great, although you can tell the server is bummed I'm not ordering more expensive stuff, but who cares!!?! Still a great experience.
5	5 stars all the way!!!!We came here after our NYE celebration.. and it was one of the best choices we made that weekend! It's located in the beautiful mall of Scottsdale and on a nice day, you can sit outside by the water. Our entire group left wanting more.The ambiance is great.. they even have live music on Sat's/Sun!! I ordered the vanilla bean yogurt parfait and the Greek chicken salad.. and It was to DIE for! I was also excited to find out that they have one in Newport Beach.. can wait to check it out!
4	This is my favorite place to eat in Scottsdale whenever I go to Fashion Square. I think it is way better than eating in the food court inside the mall. It's a fun and great atmosphere to have lunch or even dinner and to go for drinks.I really enjoy the Fox restaurants.
5	Overall, wonderful!  Great food.  Loved the sangria.  Amazing outdoor seating by the water when the weather is nice!
5	Holy smokes is that free focaccia bread delicious. Great food, great location, great space. What's not to love?
3	I never equate this as a place I think of when wanting to go out to eat.  Do not get me wrong, their menu is great BUT it is not anything like any of his other concepts ((Fox) in my opinion) since it seems a lil too simple and small....you can great an amazing meal (their scallops are awesome) here just for me it has been for the great patio, restaurant, bar ambiance for a few apps and drinks before heading out or somewhere for a quick drop in.  Great people watching and a great view of what the Waterfront architects were trying to create. Service is always just OK but this place always is busy so I guess that is to be sometimes expected.
5	I'm a big happy hour fan and the only time I have  to make it in that window is during vacation. From 4-6pm, Olive and Ivy has $5 wine/drink specials and a small plates menu. If you happen to be there, please try the Asparagus and Wild Mushroom flatbread with truffle oil and the Italian Sausage Polenta.  To this day, I am still  dreaming about it.As it is in the waterfront area of Scottsdale, the restaurant decor is absolutely beautiful. No matter where you sit inside a hundred hanging lamps looking at bottles of wine or the bright green outdoor space with a fountain, sipping a glass of Cab in your hands, you will feel like a million bucks! I gave it 5 stars for their bang for the buck happy hour, $25 between 2 people is a winner to me. Perfect place to end my January vacation, especially knowing I have to return to the frozen tundra or as most folks know it to be as Chicago.
4	I loved this restaurant, although it may be a chain (not sure). The food was terrific, as was the service and ambiance. We took our waiters suggestions on splitting a few salads (that we couldn't choose from) and a beef short rib flat bread. Everything was delicious. The manager was very visible and he took the time to explain their olive oil and Parmesan Reggiano  qualities. It happened to be a beautiful day and the outdoor seating was perfect. We watched a lot of dishes come out of the (open) kitchen and everything looked wonderful. I believe they really use fresh ingredients, cooked to order and beautifully presented. When visiting Scottsdale, or any of their other cities, I will absolutely return to Olive & Ivy.
4	A stylish and delicious option for lunch! We were lucky enough to be able to take advantage of their patio, complete with a little fountain, on a beautiful sunny day, and the yummy food and lovely service added up to a great experience. At first glance this place strikes me as a bit corporate, but at the end of it I felt that they really provided a unique experience. Two highlights of the meal: the delicious pesto that comes out with their free foccacia bread, which must have a wheel of parmesan in each bowl, because it's so rich and wonderful. I also adored the asparagus, mushroom and white truffle oil flatbread, which I shared with the table and immediately wished I had gotten just for myself. I also had the chopped chicken salad, which I found to be disappointing. First of all, there was WAY too much dressing on it, so everything felt drenched and a little wilted. Also, I was initially really curious about the granola that comes in it but I actually didn't feel that it added very much to the flavor and found myself picking around it. I'd definitely suggest this place to anyone who wants some pretty classic salads, sandwiches and flatbreads with a little fancied-up twist!
4	Two words, the ones to influence you when making your decision: Thoroughly. Delicious. Moving on to the specifics, highlights include:Mushroom asparagus flat bread: Seriously beyond the beyond. Shaved bits of parmesan, melted mozzarella, asparagus tips, mushroom pieces and *deep breath* drizzled with blessed truffle oil. Market salad: fresher than fresh bitter greens, candied citrus peels, balsamic vinaigrette. The market salad is not an every day option, but really damn good so if this is offered on the day you go, get it as a side to make you feel less guilty about eating all the bready wonders in this place (more to come!)Sangria: True grown up grape juice. Maybe *too* much homage to Welch's.  Hummus: Good. Possibly great. But the aforementioned flat bread eclipsed the shit out of it. I broke my usual rule to only order hummus in straight-up Middle Eastern restaurants. If the hummus is the only veg option in a place, fine, but there are plenty at Olive & Ivy (read: get the damn flat bread!)And then there's the bread that comes out before everything else. Almost focaccia, but of a less heavy texture, these slices of heavenly gluten come with a pesto dipping sauce.Note: do not come here if you're god forbid trying to avoid carbs. Not that this is me.Environs: oozes atmosphere, whether you dine out on the patio or the high ceiling dining room (check out the opulent private dining room which is enclosed in glass, just waiting for wannabe Prince Williams and Kate Middletons. Or even wannabe Gene Simmons and Shannon Tweeds). Special shout-out to our "darling" (as Jeffrey H puts it) waitress.
5	Fabulous food and great service. Good wine list. Plenty of seating indoor and out (with heaters). The roasted veggies appetizer was un-believable.
5	Whenever I have the opportunity to go "out" with my husband, we go here.  Its worth the drive from Gilbert and the food is amazing.  The portions are just the right size and are delicious.  There is also some great people watching!  Its also a great place to bring out of town guests.
4	It's sub-freezing here in Salt Lake City today. Arctic chill, crunchy snow, frozen snot freezing. And yet just a few short days ago I had lunch on the patio of Olive & Ivy in the sunshine with a happy little breeze blowing through the place.So perhaps I'm attaching a little more magic to the experience than is totally merited, but when we strip away the ambiance and charm of eating outside in January I'm still left with some delicious food.I was immediately impressed with the bread and pesto. Zing! Lots of bite to it to help you remember the taste. We ordered a couple of flatbreads for the group and scarfed them down in no time. Then again, you put asparagus on just about anything and I'd eat it.I ordered a simple turkey sandwich and was not disappointed. I'd like to try a few other menu items as well, because I'm not sure I had the best of the best, but still it hit the spot just the same and I'd eat it again.As mentioned, our server (DeAnne?) was on top of things--totally professional, dedicated to her job, and one hundred percent darling. You heard me. I said darling.
4	There's nothing better than escaping sub-zero temperatures for the toasty climes of Phoenix. I was lucky enough to do this last week (pre-Snowpacolypse), and there was no better way to enjoy the sun than sitting by the fountain on the patio at Olive and Ivy.At first glance, I thought this spot was going to be a bit stuffy since it's located in a pseudo strip mall area. However, the second I stepped inside my opinion changed. It can only be described as lofty, with eye-catching light fixtures and decor. Although I didn't notice it until my way out, I am totally enamored with the white room just off the front door - it features a large round table for 12 (I think) with high-backed chairs, ethereal curtains and a to-die-for white glass chandelier. Very intimate and would be fun for a brunch party, methinks.Don't pass up the bread and pesto here, my friends. It will put a smile on your face, as will the mushroom and asparagus truffle pizza. We tried several flatbreads, but that was definitely the standout. I enjoyed a few sips of the house sangria and am a fan of the sugared rim, and quite enjoyed my chicken curry salad, too. Just an observation - it seems like their salads are heavy on the dressing, so if you're picky about that, order yours on the side. Stellar service here (our server was a life coach and I just wanted to hug her), and their bathroom is going on my Arizona top 10 list. Think oversized doors, floor to ceiling mirrors, and a trough-style sink. On second thought, can I hire their decorator to re-do my apartment??As you can see, I'm a fan. It looks like they also have a little market area complete with a gelato counter in case you want to get your foodies to go. Thumbs up!
5	Sam Fox hits the mark again! I had dinner with some friends and we were all impressed. Presentation was well executed and flavor was just as excellent. I had the Parmesan risotto as my entree. I liked the roasted cloves of garlic that gave bursts of flavor. The shrimp was cooked just right, not rubbery. Drinks were not watered down, and were very well priced for dining in and around Old Town and the Waterfront. The atmosphere/decor is spot on as well and the staff was very attentive. Can't wait to go back!
2	The location is good, and the patio can be wonderful on a winter afternoon.  The food, however, seems to be about 20% overpriced for what you receive.  It isn't bad, mind you, but it certainly isn't worth the prices they charge.  The bar area gets very, very crowded on Friday nights, which can be good or bad, depending on what you're in the mood for.  It is a nice place for drinks, and maybe appetizers.  Skip it for dinner, though, and try someplace else within walking distance in old town Scottsdale.
4	Nice atmosphere. Sit on the patio on a nice day.  Good service. The ahi tuna tacos sounded great, but were so so. The tomato and mozerella salad was good and so was the arugula with apples salad. The free Pesto bread was great.  The sangria was not very good. All in all a nice place, but there is so much choice in that area that I would go elsewhere next time.
5	Hands down the BEST place to be in Scottsdale morning, noon and night! Flat bread pizza is to die for, the Mediterranean salad is delicious and the wine takes the cake!I love Olive & Ivy!
5	Went for my birthday and was not let down. We had such a great time. Amazing service!!! It was so cozy and inviting, but still elegant. Thanks for making my birthday that much better!
4	I have been to Olive & Ivy a couple times now, and the food is great.  from the ambiance of the restaurant to the smiling and helpful service, this place cant be beat if you want to try something "out of the norm" and tantalize your taste-buds.  This is a great place to have happy hour with tomato cheese flatbread or hummus, or a romantic date.
5	One of my favorite places in Scottsdale!  Amazing ambience!  Superb service!  The food was delish! Breathtaking decor with huge airwalls that are open to a beautiful patio.  The pesto with bread is ridiculous good!  They also have a cute little cafe side with smoothies and breakfast stuff!
4	What I adore about Olive and Ivy is the modern decor and the open indoor/outdoor patio feel. It is the perfect lunch spot to bask in the beautiful outdoor weather. There always seems to be live music that adds to the ambiance. I love visiting after going shopping. The pesto bread is delish and the panini is a great choice!
3	12/2/102.5 stars.Took my young cousin w/ me for happy hour and sat at the bar; This was her first time at O&I.  While I really like the look and the feel of the island layout of O&I's bar, I always feel like a fish out of water when I sit there.  (I've actually tried sitting there a few times when I've walked in solo, but always ended up moving to a table.  If it weren't for my cousin at my side, I probably would've moved to a table again, or, worse yet, walked out of the resto, which I've done before, too.)  Despite a few attempts at getting her to try a cocktail, she declined, and thus I proceeded to just order a glass of wine.  Why it's so hard to get a sampling of a couple of wines before settling on one to order here, I'll never know.  (Just a few nights ago, while at Beckett's Table, my server offered to have me try sips of the two wines I was having trouble choosing!)  Tsk, tsk, tsk!We decided to try the Italian Sausage flatbread and the hummus app.  The flatbread, w/ its tasty and spicy Italian sausage chunks, consisted of a crispy crust w/ vibrant red piquillo peppers and creamy goat cheese-- I'd order this again, even though peppers and I don't exactly get along.  The hummus was equally delightful, w/ house-made pita bread and a "petite Greek salad," which actually consisted of only sliced red grape tomatoes and chopped cucumbers (a no-no for me!) and a ton of feta on top.  Why the salad was piled ON TOP of the hummus, and not on the side, I don't know.  I suppose for the price of the app, I shouldn't expect more veggies used (a bit of lettuce, perhaps?), but it would've been nice to be able to pick the cukes out.  Served as it was, on top of the hummus, which looked like it was baked for a few minutes before getting the salad treatment, spooning the cukes off would've entailed major loss of delicious baked hummus goodness.  And we wouldn't have any of that!I really wished we could've stayed past 6p to check out the celebrity guest bartender, but we had other appointments to keep.  My cousin really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere here, and I'd have given this review another 4 stars if it weren't for the fact that our bartender gave us such an attitude when I asked to sample the two wines first before ordering.  FYI, the happy hour menu changed, drastically reduced to only maybe 8 items or less, down from practically all of the apps and half of the flatbreads and a couple of salads that the old HH menu contained.  Recalling this, plus the wine and salad/hummus incidents, I may just have to say goodbye to O&I for a long, long time...
3	Dined here on Saturday night, just happened to have a gift card and wanted to use it. Of course, it being a spring night here in Arizona we wanted to be on the patio. Ordered a round of martini's to start the night off. First mistake - they gave us the martini in a lowball glass with straws. The server said they were short on martini glasses. Seriously? The martini itself was an equivalent of a juice box. (We measure our martinis against our own or AZ88's). We started off with the calamari - a little rubbery (undercooked) but okay. Not sure why they pair it with zucchini (filler).D had a filet mignon - he said it was okay. I had the Sausage Flatbread, I smothered the leftover pesto from the bread dipping on the pizza to kick it up a notch. The toppings weren't spread evenly the corner pieces were bare of toppings.The atmosphere was very noisy and few waiters that were easy on the eyes. Our server was very attentive. Didn't really enjoy sitting right next to a family and I don't think they enjoyed sitting next to a gay couple.I give this place a "meh". Location is about the only thing it has going for it.
3	On a whim I showed up last Saturday night without reservations and waited 45 minutes for a table outside on the patio. Well worth the wait to enjoy al fresco dining on a beautiful patio. I thought the menu items overall were a tad pricey. So I decided to order the Hummus ($6) as an appetizer and the Italian Flatbread ($12) as an entree.The Hummus had tomatoes, onions and I believe cucumber (it was really dark outside so I'm not sure about the cucumber) on top of the Hummus. An excellent combination of flavors. The best Hummus I have ever had. The Italian Sausage and Goat Cheese Flatbread was serviceable but I can't see myself ever ordering that again. The Sausage had a little kick to it but really didn't taste too great.I'm a little fuzzy as to whether the bread that the server asked if we wanted was free. Why would you ask a diner if you wanted free bread? So that kind of rubbed me the wrong way since it seemed like some covert upselling to me. That's why we decided to order the Hummus instead of getting the bread. BTW - I only noticed one other table in our vicinty had the bread.
3	I've been here a handful of times for both dinner and lunch.  The food is good but I don't think the menu is that exciting.  All items you can get somewhere else.  That can be a good thing though, we you are dining with people who are not adventurous eaters.  Most people are pretty happy with this place.Great place for lunch to grab some of the to-go food and sit outside on the sidewalk tables.  Price is not too bad.  If you time it right, you can get some of the fancy bakery items from breakfast marked down to sell.For dinner this place has great ambiance.  Pricey enough to make it special occasion place but the atmosphere is not too stuffy and formal.  Very chill vibe.
4	My girlfriend and I were walking around Fashion Square and we decided to have dinner at Olive and Ivy. We were told there was about a 45 minute wait so we had a seat on the patio. After at least 45 minutes of waiting (and watching several patrons put their names on the list after us and get seated well before us) I went in and asked about how much longer until we could be seated, and was told about 15 minutes. 20 minutes later we were finally seated. I mean it was busy, but not that busy so needless to say we were a little frustrated. Now, all of that being said, dinner was amazing. I had the sea bass and my girlfriend had the ahi tuna. We thought both were outstanding. The service (once we got in) was great and our food came surprisingly quickly. I highly recommend this place, but you should definitely make a reservation.
4	We only came for breakfast because we were leaving to come back to Chicago, but I definitely want to try their dinner! After eating at Modern Steak and Sauce, we decided to come here and grab a bite. Fox group is three for three in our book! I had their egg sandwich with avocado, bacon and cheese and that was amazing! Those potatoes that it came with were so yummy too! It was deceiving, I wasn't sure if it was going to keep me full, but I was stuffed after eating it! Their muffins were yummy and my dog loved the treats I brought him home :) The outdoor patio was so beautiful and the dining room looked amazing. We will definitely try dinner when we come back to Arizona!
3	This place has great atmosphere but the good is hit or miss. I had the flat bread and asked for extra cheese, but the cheese was still skimpy! Go for the patio but not for the food!
4	Awesome atmosphere. When I went to Olive and Ivy, we just had drinks, however from what I understand, all of the Fox restaurants have excellent food.I really liked the outdoor seating - right next to the Canal. Nice way to spend a Friday evening having drinks on the patio. And if I remember, they had very reasonable prices. Parking is not too bad, you'll probably end up parking at the garage next to Nordstrom.
1	We were looking for a hip, trendy restaurant to take my sister-in-law who was visiting from Chicago. We'd been to Olive & Ivy before for drinks and liked the atmosphere so I booked it for Friday night at 8. We walked in and it felt like senior citizens night. There was even a man leaving with a walker when we came in. Very humdrum crowd. Nothing like I remember and I normally wouldn't care if I hadn't picked the place specifically for the crowd I remembered. But we got a nice table outside so decided to make the best of the night. Service was slow, we weren't eating until 9:50 and my wife's bolognese was served cold, her sisters sea bass was overcooked and her dirty martini didn't even fill the glass. My wife ordered one for herself making a joke that she would like a whole one this time but he came back with a glass 3/4 full for her as well.  As we're leaving the same people were planted at the bar so we called it a night. BUT IT GETS WORSE. From 7am to 9pm the next day my wife was sick with FOOD POISONING. If you've ever had it believe me you know it when you see it.  It had to be from Olive & Ivy  since she hadn't eaten anything else since breakfast or anything after her meal there. A week later and she still isn't 100%. She's actually lost 9 pounds that she most definitely did not need to lose. I don't think we will be returning to Olive & Ivy anytime soon!
5	I have been coming to Olive & Ivy for almost two years now. I bring family and friends here from out of town. The food is consistently fantastic and you can't beat that free bread with the pesto. I took my mom, brother, grandma, and 2yr old daughter yesterday for lunch. We started with the Tuna Tar Tar Tacos. My mother and brother LOVED them. My daughter ate at least two big pieces of bread and tore up the pesto. How many 2yr olds are eating pesto? really. The general consensus was that they loved the food and wished I would've brought them when they first got into town. I ordered my favorite chicken panini w/fries. It's just too good to get anything else. Don't get me wrong, I still take a taste of everyone else's food so I know what to recommend to my future guests. That panini with the cheese, zucchini, roasted tomatoes, roasted chicken........mmmmmmmmm......so good. They also have great fries, sorry to say but second to Gordon Biersch Brewery's.Olive & Ivy never lets me down. Great location, great seating whether inside or outside. Can't wait to go back.
4	I love this place!The restaurant itself has an amazing ambience and the food is amazing! We always check this place out after a busy day of shopping. Very reasonably priced and very, very good.
3	Olive & Ivy.  This was my 2nd time to have a meal at this establishment.  It had been years since my first trip, because I had dinner on my first visit and wasn't head over heels for the place.  On this occasion, friends of mine chose Olive & Ivy for a Sunday brunch.  The weather was beautiful in Scottsdale so there was a 30 minute wait to eat outside.  We were not in a waiting mood so we sat inside.  The ambiance of this restaurant is very cool and the service is good.  My frittata was eh.  It was not a meal I would rave about, which is why Olive & Ivy only gets 3 stars from me.  However, my friends really enjoyed their meals.  My friend Jess ordered the Margherita flatbread and commented that she would order it again without hesitation.  My friend Mollie enjoyed her Chicken Panini.  I almost gave Olive & Ivy 4 stars because it does have a fantastic brunch menu. Also, the pine nut pesto and bread that they bring to the table is scrumptious! I will return to Olive & Ivy again with a strategy.  I will order the vanilla buttermilk pancakes (saw them on another table and was super jealous!).  If I go for lunch, I will order a flatbread (because so many of those looked so fantastic).  I'm looking forward to my next trip!
4	My girlfriend suggested that we come here for brunch and I'm glad we did. The whole layout of the restaurant is nice and they did a great job with the decor.It was a bit odd starting with bread and pesto and then eating breakfast but that's what you get when you sit down and the pesto was just so good! As for my meal, I had the french toast which came with delicious compote and warm syrup. This was probably the best french toast I've ever had that wasn't home made. Add a side of crispy applewood smoked bacon and I was in heaven. If I only come back to Olive & Ivy for brunch I'll be happy but I hope to make it back for lunch or dinner sometime as well.
4	So the first time I visited Olive and Ivy was a few years back (probably a month after it first opened) I was not a fan at all. However, recently I had heard a few of my friends talking about how good this place was, so I figured it was probably just getting established when I visited before. Last Saturday I decided to give it another go. And I am so glad I did! I am a fan of all fox restaurants - but this one might take the cake! The atmosphere and decor was perfect for a Saturday afternoon. They had the restaurant opened to the patio and the weather was absolutely gorgeous! Also they had a small band playing music, which was great!The waitress was a little uneducated about the food and forgot to put in our order for flatbread, but she was nice - so I'll only take off one star. And the food - oh. my. god. The grilled chicken salad was the best I've had so far and the pasta was delicious!I plan on returning soon. I think this might be a new favorite brunch/lunch spot.
5	Love this place. They have an awesome martini with St. Germain and Gin - love it! I also love the flatbread pizza and the wine list. The bar is large and friendly and you can always feel the warm breeze from the door - I love places that leave the doors open! I loved this place years ago when I used to vacation here, now I live here and can go whenever I want! YAY!
3	The pesto and bread are DELISH. God help you and your dining experience if you get stuck with Gino as your waiter. He is slow and rude and unpleasantly loud.
4	Recently had lunch with friends here and ordered a Margherita Flatbread, $12.  The flatbread is really a Pizza....I don't know why restaurants name Pizza different things, just call it what it is!Anyway, the Pizza was very good.  It had a nice Garlicky kick to it and the Sauce was very light.....delish!I had an Iced Tea to wash it down and it was very refreshing....I must have drank 5 or 6 glasses.  The service was great too, nice place to grab some lunch.Return Factor - 90%
3	We were seated over a half an hour after our resevation to start. The apps were great dates in bacon were amazing as was the flatbread. The entered however were not as good. My fish was so salty I felt my blood pressure spike! Even the salad that came on the side was too salty to eat. I have never spoken up about something like that before but it was do bad I had to. They seemed concerned asked if I wanted to order something else but I was done at that point. I was stunned that they didn't comp something on our bill they still charged us- not even a wine comp. I wasn't going to force the issue but won't go back.
5	My lovely bride and I visited on a nearly perfect day in Scottsdale (not hard to find).  We had lunch around 2:00 on a Friday and were astounded how busy the restaurant was but soon learned why that was the case.Enjoyed an ice cold Peroni along with their bread and pesto dipping sauce.  Just ridiculously good.  I literally could have had the bread for lunch.  Light, airy, slightly salty.  Pesto was perfection.We then shared the Mediterranean Salad and Chicken Pannini.  Salad was very, very good.  The Pannini was literally one of the best sandwiches I have wolfed down in a very long time.  Moist, simple, filling.  Unreal. We found the service to be very solid.  Friendly, attentive but not intrusive.  There is not question that we will return.  The nice part is I already know what to order, as well.
4	Tried this with friend on a Thursday night - made a reservation and got a lovely table that was inside/outside.  The outside tables look a little difficult to eat at, so we were glad we were  "on the edge" !  The bread and pesto is DELICIOUS - perhaps a bad discovery as I could come back to this place just for that !  The red sangria is also fabulous.  We split a salad and a flatbread and a cheese plate - all were awesome - we wanted to try everything. Then 2 folks had scallops and for the non-seafood folks they had the veal ravioli - all were excellent - what we loved was they they split the plates already between us so there was no reaching over or fighting over the last piece  We will be back !
4	I'm adding one more update to my review. As I've mentioned before, the Mediterranean Chicken Salad is my favorite salad on the menu but while dining with my Mom I learned a helpful tip that makes the salad even better. Yes it is possible to make it better! Instead of having the salad with the cold chicken, ask them to substitute it with the hot grilled chicken sliced on top. It changes the salad completely and makes it an even better meal!
5	I must hand it to them at Olive and Ivy! First rate atmosphere and food.The pesto is the most flavorful I have ever had and that includes pesto I have eaten in Italy.Wine selection is terrific. The breakfast, lunch and dinners are wonderful. The bar feels a bit like a meat market but that is the only down side.It is beautiful, clean and worth returning to again and again.
4	I have to say that our recent trip  overall was a pleasant.  My only complaint would be with the host staff.  We had made a reservation with open-table.com and shortly after Leaving we received a No Show email from open table.  I assume that the Hostess did not know how to check someone in that had a reservation.  While this was eventually resolved I did take several calls and emails to do so and they only way it was closed was for us to provide a copy of the receipt to open table to verify that were had arrived for our reservation.  While the service, food, and beverages were fantastic the attention to detail needs just a bit of polishing.
2	Average chain... really nice outdoor area - really average food.
5	I love this place!! it's good for groups or for intimate dates as well. I particularly loveeeeee the patio!! it's right on the waterfront with all the lights and fountains so this is one of my to-go places for romantic dates. their food's very good too and wine list isn't bad either.I haven't had anything there that i was disappointed at. Definitely will be keep going back!
4	Really glad we made a reservation here when we visited Scottsdale a few months ago.  The restaurant is really beautiful!  Great place for a nice dinner with good friends or on a date.  Would have loved to have been able to eat out on the lovely patio, but inside was just as nice.  We went on a Friday night, and there was an awesome house DJ spinning...which automatically gets you points in my book!  Wine and cocktails were good and most of the food was as well.  They have a fantastic caprese salad with avocado that I dreamed about for days, but the fish that I ordered (the special of the night) left a lot to be desired.Overall great place.  I'd definitely go back if I was in the area again.
5	Wonderful place! Great atmosphere and decor. Adorable outside seating. Fabulous private room! We went here for brunch for a bachelorette party and had amazing service. All the food was delicious and of great, fresh, quality. Highly recommended!
3	I saw the olives, however the ivy was nowhere to be seen, just like the real value.To put it simply you are paying for decore and location, the quality ingredients do not match the prices.We had a Veggie Fritatta $11 and the watermelon salad $10.  While it was nice that they were able to do split plates, the Mellon on the salad was not very sweet, the mint was tasteless and the chevre cream was not viscus enough to stick to the fruit. The veggie fritata was decent, the mushrooms were a bit rubbery but the arugula and chevre were a nice touch, but was it worth $11, not really. I did enjoy the focaccia bread and pesto that came with the meal, but that was  the high point. The patio looked great, but with the heat and a broken misting system that was a no go.
5	Olive & Ivy has been a business lunch place of choice on three occasions. I originally had an amazing salad, which continues to produce a drooling pair of lips. Can a salad merit 5-stars? Yes. Yes, because I do not enjoy salads 99/100 times. Unfortunately, I don't see it on their menu and I've only been back once since I first ordered it here. If I return, it's the chopped chicken salad (+corn) for me!They also have delicious mac'n'cheese, pizza, and WINE! Who doesn't enjoy a personal-sized carafe of wine during lunch? There's nothing like jumping into the office with a few of your worries thrown down the hatch like a chilled white in the early afternoon!
3	The atmosphere here is fabulous, but the food can be hit or miss! I had my graduation party here and the food was just ok. However, I've eaten here before and the food was very good!
1	I hate to leave a bad review because I really like the decor and feel of this place. I have been here three times in the past year and I am just not crazy about the new menu. My husband had the lasagna last night and could not eat it. It looked like it had been reheated for three days in a row. He is actually sick with some kind of stomach virus today and I am thinking about calling the restaurant. I had the flatbread and it was not near as good as my last visit here 3 months ago. I probably won't return. For the price there are much better restaurants in the area.
4	I discovered this place while living in Phoenix. And now it's a staple every time I'm back for a visit. In fact, it's the only place my girl's and I go for brunch when I'm back. There's not a bad word I could think to say about this place. I love sitting out on the patio during the summer and sipping one of their Mimosas. Nothing bad about it.
4	Ive been here a few times in the past for some family events, but would have never chosen it for my own outing. I went tonight with a couple girl friends and really enjoyed the new menu.  I had the corn pasta dish which was AMAZING! The portion was just right, not too much, not too little.  The other girls had the flat bread and a chicken salad, and said both dishes were really yummy.  The decor is nice and the service was good. I will definitely be returning.
4	lunch today with a friend have not been here for quiet some time. they changed up  the menu a bit but some of my favorites are still there and are still just a good. (dates wrapped in bacon) shared a med salad and sweet potatoe cannonolli was wonderful. we sat at the bar and peter took great care of us very pleasennt and knowledgable of the menu and made some great suggestions. fox resturant knows how to do somethings right and this place is still a hit with me...thx
1	Had a reservation for a large party on Sunday afternoon for lunch - had 5 tables which were served by individual waiters. Had to wait a very long time (about 30 min) before the waiter came by to take our drink order, ordered food at the same time. Didn't see the waiter again until the food came, got a vegetable frittata which was very undersized for what it cost ($11) but did have good flavor and was gluten free as noted on their menu. Never saw the waiter again until bill time, and I had wanted a second drink. At that point, every single person at the other tables had paid and started leaving before our waiter even came back to give us our bills. Worst part - I was automatically charged an 18% tip for terrible service. While i understand that waitstaff should be fairly compensated for handling a large party, this waiter was responsible for 2 tables, not a very hefty work investment. That I couldn't elect not to tip when given bad service was an insult on top of it all.
5	This place does everything right. We had to wait for a table, no problem! The large outdoor patio has waitresses. You can  come for the drinks but you will stay for the food. Both meals I have had here rank among the greatest I have eaten anywhere. My wife, who has different taste than I, agrees. The dessert we ordered was amazing as well. It is fancy here and you are treated like it. Excellent place.
4	Dinner was delicious!  The appetizers, or small plates, as they are referred to on the menu, offered interesting possibilities.  I recommend the fritto misto - a combo of calamari, rock shrimp and zucchini - fantastic!  The beet salad was also quite delicious.  For my entree, I chose the lobster risotto.  It was tasty, though a tad bit salty.  Admittedly, I have some regrets about having such a rich dinner, but that was my bad, not a reflection on the restaurant lol.   I loved the decor and vibe at Olive & Ivy.  It's a trendy Scottsdale restaurant, for sure, but it didn't have that pretentious air about it.  I found the waiter very attentive and helpful with questions about the menu and area.  I guess I'm a real fan of the Fox concept restaurants.  I've enjoyed all the ones I've visited, thus far.
5	I would like to start out by saying that I haven't eaten a full meal here...Only a croissant and iced latte.  The croissant was good!  The latte on the other hand was by far, the best I've ever had.  If you want a change from Starbucks, definitely check them out!
1	Sam Fox.  Three letters bro: WTFYou had it all and you lost it.  Great concepts, great service, above average food, the only happening place on a Sunday. Now you take away the best items on the menu, dress the girls like they work in Mayberry Hooters, and leave me with the impression that you lost your edge. What happened? Did you get some sort of allergy to truffle oil?  Or are some other plans in the works?  Adios , there are other better priced venues around. So when you closing Bloom? That's another one of your creations that is better off gone. pffft....
4	We really wanted to check this place out.  Went around 6pm on a Monday and were seated quickly.  Our server, Rachel, was phenomenal.  She was well-versed in the menu and knew a lot about the other Fox concept locations.  We had the lamb meatballs, lasagna and chicken scallopini.  My only gripe is that there was probably too much breading on the chicken, but overall it was very good.  Especially the sauce on the chicken.  It seemed to be a little busy with several 6-top tables all around.  Prices were reasonable and I was definitely full.  I'd come back to this place and try other menu items.Pros=service, food quality, ambiance, proximity to other restaurantsCons=hard to find on my TomTom and iPhone maps apps.  Plus, I think I went in the wrong door (the marketplace) and some randoms asked if they could help me.  Not sure if they worked there or not.
1	The food is very blah, small portions, over priced. the atmosphere is really nice to bad the $30,000.00 a year millionaire crowd likes to frequent the place as do the gold diggers. I say save your time and money and try someplace else unless of course this is the kind of place you are looking for.
3	To be honest I haven't had dinner there, just some apps at the bar. This place is in a great location with a great outdoor space. The bar in my opinion is too small but still serves good drinks. Food is okay from what  I tried, it works great for drinks and apps .
4	We came and ate in the cafe. The gentleman behind the counter was extremely friendly and helpful. The food was delicious. I had the turkey grinder with a fresh lemonade. My friends got the tuna and grilled cheese. The restaurant is supposed to be very good as well, but is more for someone who wants to sit down and have a nice meal. For a quick and yummy lunch, the cafe is perfect.
4	What an awesome, awesome place.  Went here with my mom for a casual friday lunch and really enjoyed it.  The bread and pesto are amazing.  The reason I am giving 4 stars is because the menu is a little too funky for my taste- I am more a fan of the basics.The dessert menu is also amazing, and all of the desserts are made in-house that day.Definitely recommend for a nice lunch or dinner! And make sure to get dessert!
4	Arrived on a Sunday around 1PM about a month ago and was promptly seated in the dining area.  If you prefer, you can also visit their connected take out area.  Service excellent, although on a Sunday there were several screaming children and very loud large groups, but that's expected when you eat out so can't complain too much.  If you are a fan of pesto, you will be pleasantly surprised to taste the complimentary pesto w/warm, fresh bread.  I could have just ate that all afternoon! Delicious!  I ordered tomato bisque which was the absolute best tomato bisque ever!  If I were in the area I might try this place again, although there are so many other nice restaurants in the area I've yet to try that I'd probably opt for one of those.
2	After hearing good things about this place, I finally made it here for lunch.  Unfortunately, it was after the menu change so I was expecting different choices.Upon entering, the first thing I noticed was that there wasn't much space to sit.  There were maybe 5 small tables near the ordering counter and just as much at the patio.  This was a fast casual place(you order at the counter but they'll bring food out to you).  The menu was somewhat small.  You get to pick between pizza, salad, or sandwich.  I decided on a gyro and my bf got the corn pizza.  Since we wanted to sit inside, we decided to go past the ordering counter to see if there were any tables there.  I was skeptical since all I could see was the kitchen and waitstaff in that area, but it turned out there was a ton of restaurant seating that you can't see when you go in.  We weren't sure if we were suppose to sit there since it looked more formal, but we did anyway.  The food came within a reasonable amount of time and it was decent.  My gyro was generously portioned.  The pickle that came with my gyro could have been more crisp and the tzatziki sauce was pretty bland.  The corn pizza was also a generous portion and seemed quite good from the bite I got.My main dislike of this place was the layout.  Seating shouldn't be hidden in the back.  The food is slightly pricey and none of the menu items jumped out at me.  I'd describe this place as underwhelming.  At least this place has underground parking.
4	NEW (delish) menu! NEW (& nicer) server uniforms! NEW vibe! I'm back in love with Olive & Ivy.
4	This was my first time to Olive and Ivy, I am a BIG fan of Fox Restaurants so I was excited to come here.We went on a Friday night about 6pm and we got a table with no wait!They brought out some AWESOME Bread with an incredible Pesto Sauce, Yummy!I ordered the beet salad with arugula, goat cheese & pistachio.  I was NOT disappointed, highly recommend!  This was my dinner, I think I had to much popcorn at the movie before. :)  Between the salad and bread I was satisfied and not to full for desert!We shared a desert, Apple Tart, Very Good!My mother had the Mediterranean Salad and a Friend had the Lasagna and both said their dishes were good.Service:  Our server was very attentive!The only reason I did not give Olive and Ivy 5 Stars was because it was too noisy in the restaurant.  I have noticed more and more restaurants are going for the cement floors that lend to a nosier atmosphere.
2	Had dinner there the other day. Again - I love the design and atmosphere. Service was good but the food... not worth the $$$ they are asking for. Starting with the kids option - I ordered the pasta with marinara sauce which the server told me will have short noodles for easy pick up by a small toddler, it was made of long wide noddle, even after cutting it was not fit for a child. I ordered the grilled cheese which was okay, really not tasty as it should be. My friend and I shared the rock shrimp which was awful, tasteless and the shrimp was not cleaned through so we had some crunchy sand like experience. Then we shared the corn flat bread which looked and tasted like airport food. We decided to leave and got our check - for what we got paying that much was a big disappointment. They didn't even take the kid pasta dish off... $5 people... really? I will not go back unless it is for drinks only. The two stars rating is for design, location and an okay service. Food deserve ONE.
4	I have only ever eaten the breakfast (egg and avocado sandwich) and pastries (cupcakes and bear claws) here, and both are very good!! The staff is very friendly and efficient.
4	Dreading the long week and need a quick fix before the weekend hits?! Head down over to this behemoth of upscale delight that serves up a tasty Mediterranean menu that will keep your wallet and plastic cards happy .  If you are savvy with the Fox Concept brand, then you know exactly what I'm talking about--another masterpiece done up  by the creators of True Food Kitchen and Modern Steak.+ Happy Hour+ 4-6PM+ Lounge, the Main Bar, Patio (w/ Mist)If you roll up with a clan of say 6-8, try to grab lounge seating which is located in the Bar area, especially in the Summer! the Main Bar is swanky  and spacious.  Once fall hits, the Patio might be the most ideal to enjoy some nice weather.Ohh k, Let's talk food and drinks! the real reason why we even bother, right?+ Sangria: $5, white (lychee, blood orange, peach), red (blackberry, rasberry, strawberry, tempranillo) - decided this be my favorite one of the two, you can get a small sampling before you try, both are not too sweet just right, unfortunately no hard fruits in them but still satisfying+ Flatbreads: $8, there's 5 to choose from, I personally enjoyed the prosciutto crudo (crispy potato, asparagus & fried egg) and piccante (italian sausage & spicy salami), love EGG on my pizzas! spread it over like jelly on a toast!+ Bacon Wrapped Dates: italian sausage & piquillo pepper, you get the sweet and savory, wasn't as crispy but still pleasingI know some in the group ordered some Bruschetta but I did not get to try.  So can't comment much.What could I say about service? Attentive, friendly and eye candy.  Just saying, from the host to the bartenders to the servers.If you were not wow'd by the ultra posh dining and bar area, the bathroom will.  Might be the most stylized toilette I've ever tainted! Let's just say the bathroom stalls have wooden doors!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wUKzaS1MHg94RGM6z8u9mw?select=IfEvXEYxoJJt5rg7h92FegWith little room to complain, Olive and Ivy sounds to me like a winner, winner chicken dinner to help you get through your slacker ways week! ;-p
5	Great atmosphere, even better food. The fig and apple bruschetta were both fantastic, and the filet of beef was cooked to perfection. The wife didn't really like her gnocchi, but this is my review, not her's, so 5 stars it is.
3	A very nice looking place, Food it was good, the service felt under the expectations I had over this place, so trendy, and pricey.... I will like to go back during the winter time here in Phoenix, so I can enjoy better the patio seat around the chiminea.
5	Olive and Ivy is a restaurant in downtown Scottsdale that features great food, a very extensive wine list, and an all around cool atmosphere.Olive and Ivy has a better than average happy hour with good food and drink specials. I love the bruschetta, love the Fritto Misto (calamari, rock shrimp, zucchini), love the lamb meatballs, love the prosciutto, love the watermelon salad (not what you'd expect), love the sweet potato cannelloni, love the Maine Lobster Risotto, and love the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin.Olive and Ivy has an indoor bar/lounge area and an awesome outside patio. Not only do they have a great wine selection, they also have a good selection of beers from Arizona, Europe, along with other domestic options. You can also grab a coffee, salad, or sandwich to go, from their marketplace.Great food along with a great atmosphere gives Olive & Ivy five stars.
4	This place is quality.  More later.--------------------------------------------
5	I hate it that I love it....Fox Restaurants are taking over, but this place is great. The bread and pesto are amazing. I have never ordered something that I didnt like. The prices more than fair for the quality of service and deliciousness of the food.
4	Olive & Ivy is a perfect Italian & Mediterranean style restaurant. They have a mix of pasta dishes, flatbread options as well as seafood dishes. For an appetizer, we ordered the vine ripe tomato bruschetta. It's really only good for 1 serving, so I suggest if you're sharing order 3 for $11. We also ordered the fritto misto which is a mix of fried zucchini, rock shrimp and calamari. I felt it was a little salty for my taste but still a good appetizer. My friend was craving beets, so she ordered the beet salad. For some reason, I thought beets were dark reddish colored but these beets were yellow/orangeish. My main dish was the chicken scallopini which consisted for 2 large chicken breasts with prosciutto and mozzarella in the middle. You can definitely share this dish because it was big.My friend ordered the sweet potato cannelloni which basically to me was like a stuffed ravioli. I love sweet potatoes so this dish was really yummy. I will order this one next time. The restaurant has a bar (the white sangria was yummy) and the space is very open/large.Price wise: Entrees range from $15 to $30 depending on what you order. I think fish options and seafood dishes were pretty expensive for me personally. Overall, great dining experience.
4	The atmosphere here is very nice, and the waiters & waitresses and super friendly and attentive. Great food. The focaccia bread they give you when you're seated is outstanding. I thought the food was quite good, although the portions were a bit small (even though I did not order for the small plates menu). I ordered the grilled scallops with asparagus. When it came, I was a bit shocked to see 3 scallops and the equivalent of one asparagus sliced into 6 long strips on the plate. Not what I was expecting, but still quite good. I didn't need all the food anyway, because I stuffed myself on the focaccia bread earlier.
4	We've been here several times. The happy hour is great, $5 sangria, $3 bruchettas and $8 flat bread. And they're all pretty tasty.
3	I see you brought back the mushroom and asparagus flatbread without the asparagus. The service of the staff raised you up, but dude, get rid of the ridiculously tight outfits. The "fungi" named flatbread was great though. Bring back the salmon flatbread , get rid of the howdy doody outfits, and I'll give you another star.
5	I went here tonight for my boyfriend's birthday (11/11/11). First let me say the five star rating was for our waitress Andrea. She was amazing. The atmosphere was great...a little loud but died down after 11pm.  Andrea was very prompt, polite, and quick to make recommendations (which were all great). I asked if they could make a chicken alfredo dinner because I didn't see it on the menu and they were more than happy to accommodate, making the alfredo fresh! At the end of dinner I asked Andrea if she could do something for my boyfriend's birthday and without question she quickly brought a strawberry shortcake to the table. Tasted amazing and she even comped the price of dessert. If it weren't for Andrea I'd have given a 4 star review only because it was slightly pricey.  Overall food and  atmosphere were great, but the service was exceptional! Thanks Andrea for making our night special!
4	great place...fun atmosphere...great food...but pricey....great date night restaurant anytime...If you wanna save money dont order alcoholic drinks nor desert...if you are craving desert, just go to their gelato store in house and have a scoop...its cheap, tasty and still keeps you in the restaurant.
4	Based purely on their pastries alone, I would rate it with 5 stars. However, I am not that shallow and shall rate it on more then that.GREAT lunch! Sit outside and enjoy! Service has always been top notch- helpful and attentive.A Few of My Favorite Things:Hummus, Gyro, Flat bread pizzas, and the pastries... sigh!
5	My wife and I went there last weekend for our anniversary. We had reservations for a table on the patio at 7:45. We got there at 7:50ish and were promptly seated. It was a very busy Friday night. It was one of those very cold AZ nights, so we requested our server if we could have one of those patio heaters by our table and he was back in 5 minutes with one. I would strongly recommend a table on the patio for a nice, quiet, romantic dinner. It tends to get very loud inside on the weekends and it might be good to hang out inside with friends and drink but for a nice dinner the patio ambiance is really amazing. Now for the food and drinks - My wife got the ivy and ginger cocktail and I got the red sangria. Before the drinks came out, our server got us warm bread with pesto sauce and it was really good. Drinks came out fairly quick and I must say I loved the vodka ginger cocktail drink!! It was HUGE and had a nice kick to it. For the food - we are vegetarians so that really cut down our options to few. Our server Ryan G. was awesome and I would recommend to ask for a table in his area. We ordered the sweet corn, red peppers and goat cheese flat bread and Ryan recommended the sweet potato cannelloni. He said the portion was big enough to share and he can even split it and get it in two separate plates for us to share. The food was out in about 10-15 minutes and Ryan was correct...the portions for the cannelloni were perfect to share and we both absolutely loved the cannelloni and the flat-bread. The cannelloni had a nice sweet/salty taste and the spinach/almonds on the top tasted amazing. Ryan had also asked us initially if were celebrating anything and we had told him it's our anniversary. After we were done eating, he got us a delicious looking strawberry short cake (on the house), with fresh strawberries on a white plate that had a handwritten note with chocolate icing saying "Happy Anniversary" . We did not expect this at all and it was really a very nice surprise! The cake was absolutely delicious and it was the perfect way to end the meal. We will definitely go back!
1	Refused to give water to young teen & referred her to PF Changs.  Olive & Ivy handled this poorly, unprofessionally & pathetically. PF Changs didn't even hesitate to give her the water.  That's why I ate there instead.
4	nice and trendy restaurant with great food!will definitely come back again!
4	My husband and I finally tried O & I a couple of months ago and we enjoyed it so much that we returned last weekend and asked for the same server, who was excellent!The patio is gorgeous. Service impeccable. Food is great too.I really love their Focaccia Bread with Pesto that comes FREE when you get your drinks. Yum. We've tried a large sampling of their flatbreads, salads and appies and all were delish. My favorite was the bacon-wrapped dates and the butternut squash soup (I think it was a special). The server recommended a dessert on our first visit, which was exquisite, but I can't remember what it was...I just know we vowed to come back soon, which is always a good feeling when you leave a restaurant.
4	Met for a business meeting, good happy hour menu, we had the flatbread which was great to share over our meeting with some of their house bread, which was excellent with the pesto.The well whiskey was poured nicely and our server was nice.Great for happy hour biz meetings on the waterfront, but only 3 tables in the bar, so you better get there early.
5	It's been a while since I was in Arizona, but I still remember the Olive and Ivy.  I was in Phoenix on a business trip and went out for dinner at this place with a bunch of work people based on a recommendation from a local.  We were not disappointed.  Firstly I want to say that the decor and outdoor area in this place is just fabulous.  We sat outside and enjoyed a delicious meal.  The staff were professional, welcoming and accommodating.  I enjoyed the experience so much that I brought the gf along for dinner when she arrived that weekend.  Both times I was extremely pleased with the food, drink, level of service and the ambience of the place.  5-stars for mine.
4	I didn't try any food but I did enjoy the fire pit and the s'more latte.  Great date spot and friendly staff.
4	Been here a few times now and while I have never been overly impressed I have always been satisfied. Came recently with my family for breakfast/brunch and got the eggs benedict (my favorite breakfast). The eggs came out perfectly cooked with just the right amount of hollandaise sauce. The flavors were good if not spectacular. I did really enjoy the potatoes as they were a bit more flavorful then normal breakfast potatoes. I also had a bloody mary (little hair of the dog from the previous night). It was not as spicy as i liked but well flavored and had plenty of vodka to do the trick.If you are looking for something in the area stop by and try it out. Like I said you won't be blown away but odds are you won't be let down either. Also sit on the patio if you can it's pretty nice out there.
5	I just love this place. The vibe and food here is always just the right mix of excellence, deliciousness, and coolness. If vibes can be bottled, capture the vibe here to enhance your own personality, home, or business. Will sure to turn it into a winner!
1	You'll Be DisappointedVery attractive restaurant belies terrible service and worse food preparation and presentation.  My advice -- stay away, there are lots better places in Scottsdale and environs.Waiter started out by lauding the size of various salads, entrees, etc.  Touted as very splitable. We split the prawn risotto. A dollop of risotto, covered by 2 prawns each.  That 4th prawn was an extra charge.Friends split the lasagne.  We all know what a slice of lasagne should look like.  The split portions were served in a cup the size of a small custard cup.  But each had a slice of bread attached to this sumptuous presentation!  The restaurant should have been embarrassed to have brought such a joke to the table.  A third friend sent her seared tuna entree back twice.  It was served ice cold each time. They gave up and just took it off the bill.The days of free dessert to atone for bad food and service are long gone.  This place is a culinary joke.  Don't waster your time and money.  You'll be disappointed.
3	Great place to grab a quick bite at the Scottsdale "Waterfront," and I loved that they could accommodate our big party on short notice right before the major Stanford pep rally across the street. We had fantastic service, I loved the proprietary wine selection (the pinot noir was especially good), and the food was delicious.My only complaint is that the portions were just way too small for the prices being charged. Salads were nice and big, but the $25 fish entree was maybe 4 oz of fish, and the scallops only came with 3 smallish scallops on the plate. Definitely not enough of a meal for any of our men! We wound up needing to stop for fast food after the pep rally because they were all starving again an hour and a half later.
4	Later.Wow. If the mood is right, or maybe even if it is not, this place is right.Sweet potato cannelloni with roasted mushrooms and toasted almonds.  Like having a healthy dessert for lunch.  Wow.  Got one to go for later on at home.  It was that tasty.Also artichoke appetizer, bruschetta, all very strong.4 to 4 and 1/2 stars.Open-air decor, eat inside or out next to "waterfront canal" (CAP water that people used to water-ski on decades ago, towed by a pick-up truck).  Not to detract from the review, but this is "desert-rat style waterfront" all dressed up in Scottsdale fashion - but that is the city's doing, not Fox's or Olive & Ivy's.  The restaurant decor and atmosphere are great.Highly recommended.
4	Went for a B-Day dinner.... Good times, great food.  Even had a Moscow Mule (not even on the menu) at the bar.  Good times, but with all great times comes the part with the bill.  A bit pricey, but it was my B-Day and I had alligator arms.  Will be coming back, especially to have a loaf of bread with pesto.....
4	I love this place, it evolves in simple elegant ways.  It's been a little more than a year since I've last been there.  I booked the reservation on line and was able to get a reservation 45 minutes earlier than quoted by phone.  On-line is where its at.  New addition since I've been there a cosmo dj spinning some old school tunes.  Love it, love it.  Took the parents, they are a little afraid of change but they give this a passing grade the last time we were here.  The sangria is very tasty and got two pitchers.  Order the lamb meatballs; pass on them, they need more flavor.  The stuffed dates are a sure hit though.  Entrees were pork tenderloin and chicken.  These were all perfect and flavorful.   Wait staff is perfect.  I finished off with the Hazelnut pudding.  The pudding was great, the pastry that was on the side, had mystery flavors that I would pass on.  I wish there was a location arond the Biltmore area.  Fox restaurants this place is a hit!
5	This place rocks.  Great atmosphere.  Amazing food and super personable friendly staff.  Everything I've had so far has been incredible; from the humus plate to the bacon cheese burger and my favorite, the beat salad.  A must try!
3	Solid cafe style option when you've dropped from all the shopping nearby.  My only complaint is that lamb gyro featured lamb sausage patties instead of the long strips you expect in a gyro.  Nice taste but I wish this had been advertised.  Breakfast potatoes were very good.  The salads are huge; like maybe a whole bag that you buy at the grocery store in a bowl.
5	Amazing food and ambience! I started with the bacon wrapped dates and then had the sweet potato canneloni. Both excellent choices, I highly recommend this place!
4	I wish there was a half star, because truly I would give it 3.5. The food is good. The ambiance is good, but the service...meh.The reason I go...The beet salad. THE BEST in the Valley I have tasted. The pistachios and arugula with goat cheese? Diiiiiiivine. But, truth be told, if they took it off the menu, I would never come back. Still. xoxo
5	I love the atmosphere on weekends with the DJ. Now when I say DJ I'm talking about good beats playing in the background when your dinning. Not a club atmosphere with dancing going on everywhere. Amazing specialty drinks and the food is very good as well. Nate was our server he did an amazing job. Decor fits what they are trying to accomplish swanky with a bit of lounge atmosphere.  I gave this a five because it had all the elements that I like in a restaurant.
3	We came here in February, so the outdoor patio was lovely. The service was decent but a little slow. The appetizers were good - we especially enjoyed the brushetta selection and the bacon-wrapped dates. The lamb meatballs were pretty bland and tasteless though. We were with a large group so there were a variety of things ordered. However, I ordered the tuna and it was too salty. I didn't enjoy the flavor at all. My husband ordered the gnocchi, and while it was pretty tasty (although a little too rich for me) - it was a TINY portion and he ended up finishing up the bread to have a whole meal. For the price, the general consensus was that most meals were too small. Someone else had the chicken though, and that was good. The desserts were good overall, but again not great. Most of us had a scoop of sorbet, and for the price ($1.75) that seemed a good deal and just enough to finish the meal. The table also ordered the ice cream bar and while it was tasty it was also rock-hard and difficult to cut even with the steak knife they provided. Overall this place is decent but I would imagine that Scottsdale has better options.
4	One of the best patios in Scottsdale.  Great stop on an afternoon of day drinking. Recommend the side where you seat yourself.One thing that gets me is that they change their menu every few hours.  It goes from brunch to some sort of mid-afternoon selection then to the whole dinner menu.I find it annoying but the great service and relaxed vibe keeps me coming back.  Luckily I rarely order food.  When I do, the bruscetta trio is stellar.
5	Olive and Ivy has to be one of my favorite lunch spots here in the valley. The inside of restaurant itself is beautiful but I've always taken the opportunity to sit outside on their amazing patio. It really is like sitting out on your own little garden patio - minus the 50+ other people that might be out there! Whether you're seated under a shade tree or next to a bubbling fountain, it is hard to believe that you're still in the middle of the desert.Besides the patio, the food is what keeps bringing me back to the restaurant. Everything is made from scratch - and you can tell! The salads are flavorful and filling, the sandwiches are delicious, and the flatbreads are innovative and wonderful! Possibly the best parts of the meal are the pesto and bread and their white sangria. Every time I've been there I wish on a little star that the pesto and bread would continue to magically appear on the plate in front of me. I also have yet to pass up the opportunity to get some of their white sangria. The orange sugar coated rims adorn the sweet and flavorful mix of fruit and white wine (again wishing that would never end as well!).Because of the beautiful space, delicious food, and helpful staff I am happy to give Olive and Ivy 5 stars!
5	Great breakfast sandwich that they serve till 3pm.  Great service, hot staff, fun atmosphere.  It's a new regular place for me.
5	I love this place!  You can always find something great eat.  I recently went for a friends birthday.  I would recommend their outdoor dining area.  It's a pretty decent size and you will have to wait if you don't make reservations even during the week for lunch.  We had my favorite appetizer, the bacon wrapped dates.  I love the arugula salad that comes under the dates.  They also give you bread and olive oil pesto dip.  That's a meal in itself.  We ordered the chicken chopped salad which was delicious!  We told the waiter that all four of us were going to share so he brought it out already divided in four bowls.  We also had the margarita flat bread and the sweet potato cannelloni that was to die for!  We also ordered the cheeseburger that was cut into four as well.  The server also brought out a chocolate cake with ice cream for our friends birthday.  We experienced great customer service!  We will be back soon.  Probably for happy hour since it's a good one!
5	Great friendly service.  Breakfast sandwich is the greatest! Really!!  They do need a soda fountain, but that's ok.
4	On the evening of Mar 17 our group of 4 ate at the Olive and Grape.  Booked the reservation by phone several days ahead, on arrival the table was ready.  Staff arrived promptly.  Drink orders were taken and served promptly.  The atmosphere was quite noisey, at times it was hard to hear conversation at the table.  Decor was very appropiate.  Menu had great selection.  All  4 had a first course, 3 different salads and one soup.  All were outstanding.  The main courses were spinach and veal ravioli, monk fish and sweet potatoe cannelloni.  Again outstanding in presentation and taste.  Dessert was cheesecake, gelato and a torte.  Service was excellent.  Price was appropiate to the restaurant.  Parking is a real plus, free indoor parking in the building.  Valet parking is also available.  We have been here on a prior trip and would go back in the future.
5	I came here last Saturday night with my family and I'm not sure what we were thinking but we didn't try to make a reservation until 2:00pm. That left us with 2 options- 5:15 and 9:15. Neither were appealing, but I really wanted to try this restaurant, so we went with the 5:15 sitting. It certainly felt strange eating that early, but I quickly got over that once I started to taste the food.The first problem I had with this restaurant was that everything looked so good. My family and I must have spent a good 10 minutes optimizing our order. We coordinated a strategic attack on the menu making sure that we got to try at least one thing form every part of the menu.We started with a Bruschetta and the Pesto Flatbread. The bruschetta was alright, a little small in terms of portions but our waiter did try to tell us. It was the Pesto Flatbread was what everyone at our table fought over. It was much larger than the bruschetta and had the creamiest, most delicious goat cheese on top. We then had a mixture of salads and entrees. I wasn't feeling all that hungry (remember- it was 5:15) so I just got a simple green salad. Let me tell you for $5 that was a pretty reasonable sized salad and their simple vinaigrette was very flavorful.My family members were all very happy with their dishes as well (sweet potato cannelloni, big eyed tuna, and the natural chicken), but the real winner of the evening was the Sangria.We ordered a pitcher of Red Sangria (tempranillo, cassis, blackberry, raspberry, strawberry) to start with and even considered ordering more. It had a lovely sweetness to it that came from the fruits and it was very addicting. I will definitely be ordering that again.I can definitely see myself coming here again and trying their other salads and their white sangria too.
1	Sunday afternoon for "brunch." Too noisy to carry on any type of conversation. Slow service. My food was ordinary, and the portion looked more like a side dish. Offensively small and therefore very overpriced. I couldn't wait to get out of there. I see several good reviews, but I cannot understand what all the fuss is about.
4	Very nice place and delicious food!
5	The best dinner, fabulous deserts, awesome atmosphere and Daniel is soooooo adorable!  Best server I have had in my life!!!
5	Great food!  Great atmosphere! Great service.  Definitely recommend!!
4	I took my wife on a date and it was well worth everything. We had fun at the bar, the service was perfect and the food was the best. I will be going back.
2	I had great expectations for brunch.   I ordered the eggs Benedict with hash potatoes.  For $13 I thought it would be great.   It was served to me ice cold, eggs were raw on top and hard boiled inside.  I had to wait & wait for waiter to return since the food runner drop off the food.  The waiter did not seem to know how to fix the problem.  He asked "Did you want another one?"  I replied "It would be nice to have it warm and  cooked properly."  In the meantime my friends continued to eat their Bruch without me.  Finally I got my dish, low and behold the potatoes were almost gone on the plate and again my egg was raw on top and slightly, and I mean slightly warm.   I do not recommend having Bruch at this establishment.
5	No complaints about Olive & Ivy!  Free underground parking.  It looked like they have items to purchase for takeout in addition to the restaurant and bar.There was a bit of a wait to be seated for Sunday brunch, but they have pagers and we were able to wait at the bar.  Waiting is always better when there are cocktails involved!  When we were seated, we got bread made in house & served with amazing fresh pesto. You must try it. (see pic:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wUKzaS1MHg94RGM6z8u9mw?select=_G2ZOQRe-pVGpNNKajnqCw)White sangria was yummy, but didn't have any fresh fruit & was served in a low ball glass (see pic:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wUKzaS1MHg94RGM6z8u9mw?select=Zwif3G0eX8d5LHGae_HA9w). Bellini was very good and very strong!  I had a good buzz after 2 drinks.  Eggs Benedict was very good with fresh shaved ham & a little fresh basil in the hollandaise. I would've liked a bit more hollandaise (see pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wUKzaS1MHg94RGM6z8u9mw?select=RybLwKuSPLit5o2PPxy1aw).  My man's Breakfast sandwich was very good. The home fries were perfectly crispy in the outside & soft on the inside. (see pic:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wUKzaS1MHg94RGM6z8u9mw?select=YveKHBF94smnOuN-utOxOg)Patio seating with waterfront view is quaint and has a European feeling with the umbrellas, stone fountains & geraniums in the tree planter boxes. All in all... A wonderful brunch experience. I would DEFINITELY come back the next time I'm in Scottsdale.
5	This is place has an incredible patio view in downtown Scottsdale. The food was delicious and the view from the patio is awesome. It's one of the busiest places in the area, so there's something to be said about that. We saw lots of people waiting to be seated so a reservation is merited.
5	Sunday brunch was great It was a perfect day to enjoy the good food, a sangria and good companionship in the lovely outdoor setting.  There bread and pesto sauce served prior to the meal is to die for,  Over time I have had many of their menu items, all of them pleasing to me.  this visit I had oatmeal, one companion had a very delicious salad. (I tried it) The meal and the surroundings make this Sunday  a special day.  I must mention that there was a slight snag with our reservation but the manager Genevieve Wallick quickly resolved the problem.  The high quality of the management in this restaurant Is defiantly a plus and adds to the overall experience.
5	Everything was perfect at lunch today. The food, service & ambiance is spot-on! We enjoyed the  Mediterranean Salad. I had a perfectly prepared piece of Salmon that was a very generous portion; my friend asked for 1/2 chicken 1/2 lamb and we devoured every bite we could. Their bread is delicious along with the tasty basil dipping sauce as long as you don't  mind a hefty portion of olive oil.
4	Olive and Ivy gets four stars for decor, atmosphere, location and overall food. But for me, I wouldn't say Olive and Ivy has the best food in Scottsdale for the price. I been here three times, and tried appetizers, entrees and desserts. Let's talk about the wine menu, it is expansive with various wines avialable by the bottle or glass. Also O & I does have a specialty drink menu. I think the chopped chicken salad is better than the Meditteranean.. The bread they give you is light and served with a thick pesto sauce, and is very delicious. The patio is great. As we get to the close of the fall, spring and winter season, heading into summer, get out on that patio asap. It is on the Scottsdale Waterfront, and they have misters and nice patio decor. Very relaxing, "upscale" feeling place.Also, they do have a small market, with food available to go, made-to-order and wine available. I might check that out for lunch one day. I'm always tempted to raid the market before I go home, but I haven't yet.One thing that jades my experience evertyime I've been to O & I is the hostesses. They usually have a weird attitude, and it seems like they are doing you a favor by seating you.  Waiters/Waitresses are always great, and I love their style! This is a great place to take family or go on a special day.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!Went here on a suggestion by a local socialite and boy were we oh so pleased! This place is soo cute at night on the inside with all the hanging lights rustic feel and the deejay, which played amazing music. We sat outside under the cute trees with strung lights. I was so in love with the look of this place. You can come with friends or on a date and it works! And service was excellent!The food was very creative and if I was local I would be here every week to try all the food and hang out on patio with a glass of wine! Wish I had this place in Miami...it would be a success here! We had the watermelon avocado goat cheese salad, fungi flat bread, bacon wrapped dates, arugula artichoke salad, shrimp with corn risotto, and the scallops...all hands down incredible! Love the menu! My only question is this place is in water front...where the hell is the water anyway??
5	I loved this place! Super friendly servers, great ambiance, I love the food and decor!
4	Loved, loved the atmosphere. The wine list was great. The food was a good experience being that I have always been a steak and potatoes type of girl. I loved trying the new things. Place was definitely packed on Friday night. We are glad we got reservations and it was a night where my hubby and I fell back in love...would recommend this place to anyone. Just ask questions to the staff when you are unsure about the food.
5	Where do I start? Our waiter's name was Timothy. Had to of been one of the best, most professional waiters I have ever seen. Great guy, very knowledgable and helps you chose, without any negative opinion. I highly recommend when you go here, you specifically ask to have this guy wait on you. Next, the atmosphere. What a great place! Very romantic. As my wife(laura) stated below, we fell back in love and just focused on ourselves and not anything else around us. Glad I made reservations, because it seemed dead when we first got there (6pm) and filled up shortly after we sat down. The wife and I both commented on how cool the bathrooms were. You don't see that every day,lol. Every time we left our table, any worker walking by, would re-fold our napkin. That was really nice, and we loved it. Onto the food. We ordered the Bruschetta Trio as the appetizer. WOW, what a great start out. Very good. We really got full off this so we ordered a salad and Chicken Scallopini. They split both for us, which was very nice of them. Salad was very fresh and good. I highly recommend the chicken meal we had. Very very good and seats well with your stomach and a glass of wine. We ordered a bottle of Ramon_B wich was $40. It was a limited bottle, but worth every penny for the meal and atmosphere. Then we ordered the peanut butter Ice-cream bar for dessert. The marshmellow did not taste good. Seemed still frozen, but was still too much and just didn't go with the whole dessert. We told Tim about it and he said he would pass it on. The best bonus of this was when we came in, we told Tim we were Yelpers and were looking up what to get. Tim remembered this, told the manager, and gave us our Dessert for FREE, without even mentioning it to us. Guys, if you want to wooo your wife, and have one of the best romantic nights, even for just visiting one night, this is the place!! Great job Tim and Olive & Ivy!!
4	Actually tried to hit this place up twice, once for drinks and then again the next day for breakfast. Drinks were a failed attempt. It gets super busy, I would suggest making reservations or getting there early. Breakfast was awesome. We had no reservations but you can actually self seat on the right hand side of the restaurant as you walk in. Awesome view of the canal. No real tables, but I was so excited to get a seat, I didn't really care. Breakfast sandwiches are great and nothing can beat a pitcher of white sangria for brunch.
4	Olive & Ivy is a great Sunday brunch spot with good service and decent menu options.  The prices are better if you leave the kids at home and the morning cocktail options are a little on the pricey side.  If you're looking for delicious cups of goodness the cinnamon roll latte is to-die-for and fantastic followed by their killer french toast!  Health nuts won't be disappointed with egg white and veggetarian options, so have no fear!  All around great brunch spot, just slightly slow on service, and a tad bit pricey.
5	Excellent Service!  This is one of my go to places to meet friends for happy hour.  I have to say they did not disappoint when I took my cousin for her birthday.  The bartender was great.  She made sure we knew there was less than 30 left for happy hour, then again 5 mins prior, she made sure we had our drinks and food order by 6pm.  Great Atmosphere and great service.  We really appreciate the extra attention.
2	A spontaneous Saturday afternoon found us at Olive and Ivy. Based on other Yelp reviews we chose O&I over the other nearby restaurants. After three tries at getting a seating preference in an almost empty dining room (first: within a foot of a large table with several small children under the age of 3, second: facing into the industrial kitchen - not the "show" kitchen and again within uncomfortable proximity to a VERY large group - WTH?) we finally settled at a decent table with view outside.We were presented with breakfast (brunch) menus as the dining room doesn't switch until 3pm which was okay since I haven't been out for brunch in a while. Which opened up the possibility of ordering eggs bennie and some bubbles and vitamin C (mimosa). What I got was a cold plate with a huge amount of country fries (?), two cold, tough english muffins topped with (cold again) thin ham slices, which I'm sure are better suited for a samwich, and two lukewarm and very strange poached eggs. I fancy myself a bit of an egg snob being a grad of a world famous culinary school and for the life of me I don't know how the cooks had made such a debacle of these poor oeufs; slimy and undercooked on the outside and overcooked on the inside. Summoned our waiter, who by the way, was outstanding, hence even giving this Establishment any stars at all, and he took it back only to bring out another plate of the same mess at the same lukewarm temp. Now I've completely lost my appetite. Hubby had Mediterranean salad and said it was good but needed more stuff. The highlight of the service was the foccacia with pesto served to the table and my grandson's kids order of pasta with cheese and butter. Maybe I'm also giving a star for the ambiance which was okay, too.  With many other restaurants to choose from in the area, I doubt whether I'll be back to Olive & Ivy to give it a second chance.
5	Olive, Ivy -- you are both gorgeous and sexy - I LOVE YOU!  Perhaps it may be lust, but how will we ever know for sure unless we spend more time together?  What I mean is, much more time.  In fact, I'd like to move in.Seriously.What a beautifully designed place, with candles and great lighting, large windows, and an absolute deliciousness IS the essence of Olive & Ivy. Featuring a great happy hour, sangria, Mediterranean / Italian fare; it's a coffee shop, bar, restaurant, and market all-in-one. So nice and complete - a perfect offering is what I say!Great wine selection, a fun & lively environment, and great food. Outside tables are especially lovely on a nice day or evening, but in the summer heat - no, no, NO.  Whether this is for a date, a small group, or a 'happy hour' with your co-workers...this place could be the object of your desire (as well).
4	Took the opportunity on this past perfect May weekend to use my Fox gift certificate and find a table outside. Bring on the O&I. With a nod to the other yelpers, I was cautiously optimistic about the Scottsdale vibe [you know, are your boobs/car/jewelry big enough] enough to go with the Lovely. It was early and we had a reservation in which I had requested the patio. We drove up and although a bit put off by the $6 valet - um, really? used it nonetheless. Seated right as we walked in, on the patio. Lovely night, perfect setting. Except for the choice of music - it seemed weird. I'm sorry, 'Play that Funky Music'?? With your filet and tempranillo? Not so much. Service was spot on, and actually a bit too 'on' I don't think its great to clear my plate when my dinner mate is still eating...just sayin'. As others have noted, pesto and bread to die for. i tried the prosciutto and fig bruschetta which was yummy [not as good as Postino...] and Jeff had the margherita flatbread. Really fresh and light. He had the tenderloin, I had the tuna. Both scrumptious, lightly sauced and cooked to perfection. Dessert was a shared nutella pudding. Lovely unctuous pudding and whipped cream topped with roasted hazelnuts. Music to my tastebuds. Lovely texture and flavor. Wonderful coffee as well. Nice wine list, very good cocktails and an atmosphere at least outdoors that was fab. Did i sound whiney? Dont mind me. Go, it'll be well worth it.
3	Had the pleasure of going to O&I for brunch recently with the gang... O&I has mimosa specials, but not bottomless like some of the other spots in town, and I'm guessing that's how our group of 6 didn't have to wait for a table at 11am on a Sunday.  I was in a breakfasty kind of mood and after MUCH debate, I decided upon their buttermilk pancakes which came topped with caramelized bananas and sliced almonds. The bananas and caramel were so good, I didn't even need the syrup on them... I used it on my breakfast potatoes instead!  hehe ... I ate every last morsel of my food, drank my specialty cocktail (something with gin and grapefruit juice, yum) and all for $25 including tip.  All in all, O&I is a solid joint. It's not overly crowded and is a nice spot to catch up with friends on the patio or enjoy drinks with your special someone. Note: O&I does have a happy hour, but I have not yet taken advantage of it. I'll put that on my list!
5	I adore this particular Fox Restaurant. The decor is truly beautiful. They have empty jars hanging upside with lights inside that remind me of fireflies. Something about it makes me feel very cozy - and makes me want to steal the idea for my own house! They have an awesome happy hour and the food has been perfection every time I've been. Admittedly, I think I most look forward to their free bread though. Ha! I just love that oily pesto sauce! No one is looking to make out with me after I eat it, but it's totally worth it. The staff is friendly, knowledgable and quick. I especially liked the bartender, Justin. It feels upscale yet everything on the menu is affordable. Great spot to either take a date or to just chill out at the bar.
5	Great place. The food was fresh and delicious. Not the biggest selection ever, but I can see their "quality not quantity" motto. The brushetta is amazing and I love the fresh focaccia ad pesto they bring to the table. Great service and their sangria ROCKS!!!
4	Came for brunch, the service was wonderful, the bread/pesto was delicious (much better then the typical bread and butter!). I ordered the breakfast burrito and potatoes - also very tasty! Their homemade salsa was great too! The decor and ambiance is perfect for a date, hanging with friends, or taking a parent out to eat. I will definitely be back!
1	If you like the stuck up Scottsdale vibe this is a good place for you. The food isn't impressive. Nice outdoor seating.
5	For some reason this place is my all time favorite restaurant right now. I go here for lunch every time i visit my sister in Scottsdale. It is adorable inside and I love the little market so you can get the HUMMUS TO GO! I am obsessed with the hummus. It has tomatoes onians and feta on top, YUM!I also like the grilled artichokes, which are not what you'd expect, its more like a salad, but a delicious one at that. The drinks are always good and the service is always friendly and attentive. I also save room and stop in the market to get some yummy gelato afterwards, perfection i must say.
4	Amazing place, a friend suggested and we loved it, not only was the food delicious but we were very impressed with the server, was very attentative and very helpful.  The spinach ravioli was delicious and the scallops dish was excellent.  Had the chocolate cake for dessert and unfortunately it did not match the quality of the place would not reccomend.
5	Found out the DJ there on Saturdays spins trip hop! RJD2, Pretty Lights, Bonobo, Kill Paris, Layo & Bushwacka and so much more. If you don't know what I'm talking about, go check it out. You will kick yourself for not knowing about this genre of music earlier.
5	Favorite breakfast/lunch spot in Scottsdale. The food at the market shop counter is fabulous. The fruit and yogurt parfait is the best. And you can't go wrong with any of the sandwiches/salads. Make sure to end with a gelato. A must stop everytime we're in Scottsdale.
3	This was my second time dining there and my third time there altogether (the other visit, I had cocktails.)I have to say, when I went 4 years ago, I was very unimpressed with the eatery. I felt like it was overpriced for the small portions served and way too dark. You might think that's romantic, but judging by how loud it gets, it was a weird dynamic for me.This dining experience was far better (despite our server taking more than 10 minutes to greet us.) He made up for it by suggesting items on the menu and being diligent the rest of the night, and the atmosphere was a little more relaxed than I remember. What stands out most to me about the decor is the sprawling wine bottle display that goes up to the ceiling. I also like the pretty hanging lights and big bar that greets you as soon as you walk in.For my first course of my meal, I had the hummus and pita bread. I wasn't a huge fan of the pickled onion on top of the hummus, but the hummus itself was good. The pita bread was a little dry, but it was nice to have a healthy option for a starter, and overall, I enjoyed it.For my second course, I had handmade pasta, and instead of the veal ragu, I got a butter parmesan sauce to make it vegetarian. The sauce was so, so good, and you should request it, too.For dessert, I had a coffee creme brulee with hazlenut biscotti. I really liked the taste of it, and it was so creamy, but I found it sort of odd that our table sampled many desserts, and they all came out in perfect circle shapes. It made me think they were all pre-made, and that was a turn-off.Overall, though, I was very satisfied with the meal, though Olive & Ivy can get pretty pricey for average-quality food.
4	I would come back here. Great food, cocktail, and beer menu. A bit pricey but the food was worth it. Excellent service and ambiance.
4	Olive and Ivy serves up refreshing salads and sandwiches, perfect for a lunchtime meal.  Portions are big, and you will leave satisfied and very full.  Service here is cheerful and attentive.  I would definitely like to go again to try their weekend brunch!
4	Started off with a Bloody Mary at the bar. Mix is just on the cusp of tasting like cocktail sauce. I have noticed it seems like a "trend" now. I believe the horseradish added creates that flavor. Staff is always friendly. Giving KUDOS to our server Jose. He was friendly, attentive, and personable (pass this along if a superior is reading this). Had the Chicken Panini and the brea was soft and the flavors full. By the way, they do have Iced Tea Vodka, just in case you were wondering. Great brunch, with great friends, and a great atmosphere. Thanks Olive & Ivy!
5	What a cool place. You can either sit and be served in the dining area, or order sandwiches and salads to go, or eat those outside on the front patio. Did a lunch group here for a buddy's birthday, and we enjoyed ourselves.  I ordered the mediterranean salad w/ chicken, and it was great! Delicious, very healthy (not the typical overloaded salad you buy at chain restaurants), good size, and I wasn't under the spell of a carb coma the rest of the afternoon!
5	I have been here twice now and had the same thing both times. First of all, the decor is really awesome and although it's a pretty big building, it's not crowded and they don't put in unnecessary tables. I had the buttermilk pancakes with caramelized bananas and it was amazing. Before your meal they bring out a focaccia bread with a pesto dip. The service has been very attentive both times and I would love for them to expand and open more locations.
5	Great place, classy, the outdoor is amazing when the weather is nice and not too hot. The atmosphere is great and the food is good too. I think the food portion size is very small though for the money they charge and i wish they had more variety
4	We were pleasantly surprised at how good the food was here after coming for a late dinner.  We started out with the beet salad and lamb meatballs.  The beet salad was full of beets, which I find to be so rare at most restaurants.  The lamb meatballs were really juicy, but I wish they gave more tzatziki with them.  For entrees, I got the margherita flatbread and my husband got the chicken.  Both were really delicious and flavorful.  Our favorite was the foccacia and pesto that we got with our meal, and it was soooooo good!  I want that pesto recipe!  We also got a few cocktails to go with our meal, which were well-priced for the size of the glass.  Next time, we'll save room for dessert because the gelatos looked great!  Loved the ambiance and bar seating in front of the open kitchen too.
1	Wow!  If being trendy equated to a five star MEAL experience then this place would have been off the charts!!  I agree the bread and pesto were great, as was the bacon wrapped dates but a neighboring table ordered the fish, sea bass which I normally love, and it stunk so bad it turned my stomach.  I had ordered the prawns in risotto and was hoping they wouldn't smell, but alas, they did. I couldn't eat them so I tried my honey's lasagna but it was greasy. So....not real impressed. The decor was amazing, the music was bumping but I was there to eat and it didn't happen. Yelp...you swung and missed. Maybe next time.
4	I've been waiting to try this place for a while, but seeing as I live in Tucson its not exactly down the street. So when I was up in Phoenix for the weekend, I knew where I wanted to go. We didnt have to wait for a table, which is always nice. After sitting for about 5-10 minutes our server came over and got our drink and appetizer order, which was the hummus. It was super tasty! He came back within 5 minutes wanting to get our entree order which made me feel a little bit rushed, so we hurried to decide on something to eat. I chose the pork and my boyfriend had the chicken. The pork was cooked perfectly, which I appreciate since undercooked pork is scary to eat, and overcooked is impossible to eat! The spaghetti squash and tomato sauce it was paired with was also wonderful. My boyfriends chicken was also cooked perfectly and came with mushrooms and a potatoe puree. When we wanted to order dessert, we asked the server what the gelato and sorbeto flavors of the day were, and his response was "listen carefully because I'm not going to repeat myself". Uhm...okay. He recited about 15 different flavors faster than I could comprehend them, then said "But thats only a few of them". Didnt bother to tell us the rest, or just let us look at the damn list ourselves. SO. We just got the two that sounded the most familiar, vanilla and mint. Both were pretty good, and one scoop was plenty! Overall I enjoyed dining here, and I will be back the next time Im up in Phoenix, however I hope we get a server that seems a little more excited to help us.
3	Amazing food, beautiful patio (inside is super noisy) and the scallops are divine - I would second guess an evening there because if the service.
5	Fox Restaurant Concepts did it again. This place rocks! Fantastic offerings of wine, atmosphere & flavor.
4	Came in for Sunday brunch w/4 other friends. This was our first of the Fox Restaurant Concepts and they made quite an impression on us! No one ordered any of the breakfast items--instead we had salads, gyros, and lots of drinks. I'll take that pesto dip & bread over chips & salsa any day! Lamb gyro was legit & VERY filling. The tableside mimosas were delicious especially for $5 a pop. The other cocktails were about $8 a pop and equally good. Altogether we spent about $150 for 5--a little pricier than expected but had a great time and left full!
4	Went here for dinner last night and enjoyed my experience.  I thought it was pretty busy for a Thursday night, but the service was excellent and my waiter took the time to explain the menu in detail to me.  Good selection of menu options and I ended-up ordering the Chicken Scallopini, which was excellent.  It was cooked perfectly and was served with mushrooms and over a bed of spinach with a Madeira sauce.  Didn't have any room for dessert, but will have to go back when I'm in Scottsdale.
5	Super cute and modern ambiance, reasonably priced beautiful delicious food, and helpful friendly staff.  I've been here for dinner and brunch it has impressed me both times.  It seems like they accommodate for large groups as well.  I would definitely continue to go here.
5	awesome and delicious place! good for groups!
4	Solid 4.5 great lunch spot and amazing gyro.
4	Food gets five stars. Service gets four. Worth a visit or ten! Ambiance is amazing- 5 stars.
3	Sometimes I really wish I could live in Scottsdale. I met up with two girlfriends there and we had a great time! This visit was a solid 3-4. We went in to take advantage of their happy hour (if you don't the prices seem wayyyy to steep for me). Anyway, if you take advantage of their happy hour you must sit either in the outside patio or the lounge. Now the outdoor patio was beautiful! Prettiest outdoor seating I have seen ever. But not when it is 104 out. (and there are no misters). Why did we sit outside do you ask? Because the bar area (which is tiny) filled up super fast (duh. its yummy!) The indoor ambiance is beautiful. (a little dark) The most awesome lights ever are in there. The service was good and the location is nice (right next to the free parking too!)I tried the featured white wine, and whatever it was (sorry I forgot) was good! My friend tried the sangria, but I was not a fan. Weird flavor compared to most sangrias that I can't describe. Now onto the food. People who raved about the flatbread pizzas...I have no idea what you are talking about.  I had the margharita and it was just not good. Soggy and flavorless. The hummus was very yummy. Needed more pita with it. Now onto the star of the show: the bruschetta. The vine ripe tomato is yummy. The apple caponata is just as yummier, and the prosciutto and fig was also excellent! Ohhhh so yummy! This is the place to get bruscetta and wine after a long day.
5	Great everything
5	5 stars for the GELATO!!!!!!!!Market and swanky dining room.Everything I ate was delicious and thoughtful.  My heirloom tomato salad was kind of funny, though.  There were multi colored hunks of tomato (which were superbly fresh and flavorful), chunks of avocado, big thick wedges of lettuce, and 2 bacon strips placed on top.  lol.  It was all amazingly fresh and tasty, but it was just funny.  It looked like they had forgotten to chop everything up and put it into a salad.I still loved it.My friend's potatoe-y soup (cannot remember what it actually was) tasted flavorful and hearty.All the bruschettas and breads with pesto were out of this world.Great wines.AND THEN.  $1.75 humongous cups of gelato.  With 3 flavors all tucked in there.And a shortbread cookie that made me weep tears of joy.Seriously.  You can't even get the same amount of crappy froyo for $1.75.Go eat the gelato.  Especially the PB&J flavor!!! AAAAHHH!!! SO TASTY!!!!
5	This review is for the Olive & Ivy in the Phoenix airport in terminal A. We had  just came off the red eye from Lithue Hawaii and what a surprise this restaurant was. From the cook taking our order and customizing it for us, to the front of the house  manager walking around picking up our finished items along with a bus boy, it was a relief to have such great service after having had not much sleep. The food was delicious too, and I don't mean just for airport food. The trafitional breakfast with eggs bacon potatoes and toast was pretty standard but the breakfast club hit the spot. The staff was so unbelievably nice and cheerful it was such a nice change from the normal airport routine. It was a good fast food but full service combo in a bistro type setting. Stop by here when you pass rough the Phoenix airport!
3	It was nice but not a great experience.  The music was very loud.    The waitress was very helpful and knew the menu and the wines and made some good recommendations (love the Newton Chard).  We split a salad and a pizza.  The watermelon salad was an incredible medley of complex flavors - the red chili giving the watermelon, avocado and goat cheese some kick to offset the sweetness.  Very interesting.  We got the funghi trifolati pizza and it was just ok.  After the first wonderful taste of mushrooms, it was all very bland with nothing to make it stand out.  I think next time I would try sitting on the patio as that looked very inviting and relaxing.
3	My wife and I have been here several times, but the last time we had dinner here the food was disappointing. The portions were very small. For example, my wife had the chicken breast and what came out was 1/2 a chicken breast and some shredded dark meat hidden beneath it. Very odd. I also ordered some bruschetta, and it was about as big as a $1 bill. Needless to say, we probably won't be returning for dinner. The service was great, however, and we'd still consider coming back for a drink at the bar.
4	So Wonderful! Delicious food. Great service. Amazing ambience.The only thing that made it not a perfect 5 stars was the bruschetta. It was a bit of a let down compared to everything else we had.
5	I've been to the cafe for lunch about a dozen times (much more than my number of check-ins would suggest) and each time it was consistently good.  However, I've never had the pleasure of dining inside the actual restaurant until Friday.The service, food, and decor are all top notch.  Although the price of my entree was ridiculous in my opinion ($26 for 3 shrimp atop risotto), everything else was excellent.  The bread and pesto they give you to start is phenomenal, the lamb meatballs are tender and delicious as was the tzatziki, and the shrimp and risotto was perfect as well.  The margherita flat bread was just ok and we should have opted for one not as basic.  Next time for sure.My only advice is to either make a reservation or come early.  The place fills up fast around dinner time but 6:30 is a safe bet for early-birds without a reservation.  Also, the better the weather the more prime the real estate on the patio so get there super early to reserve your spot out there.
4	I hosted a large work event on the patio with heavy appetizers and drinks for about 40 people. Our main server, Daniel, as an absolute ROCK STAR - he took care of our whole group swiftly with a smile. Daniel has the ability to take drink and food orders for about 20 people at a time, all in his head, without missing a thing. I cannot say enough good about Daniel - ask for him, he will take care of you.Otherwise, the food was really good - bacon wrapped dates, flatbreads, ravioli served family style, beet salad and hummus. They also have interesting cocktails, sangria and a great wine/beer selection. We will be back for future events - thank you!
5	I really like this place when the temps cool.Great patio, nice staff and good happy hour prices.Never had a full meal there, but its a pleasant place to wind down the day.  Parking has never been an issue for me, which is a plus in Old Town Scottsdale.
1	Save your money this chain restaurant sucks in all aspects!
4	Haven't had dinner at O&I in quite a while and was very pleased with the Watermelon Salad (with avocado, goat cheese, red chili gremolata) that I enjoyed. True Foods has a delish watermelon/heirloom tomato salad on their menu, so I asked my server to add heirlooms to my salad. It came out FANTASTIC! I almost licked the plate! The light vinegairette dressing complimented by the red chili gremolata was a perfect balance of sweet and spicy. Very light and refreshing starter or meal.
5	Agree very hard to locate, but keep looking so worth the hunt. Food is fabulous and so are the drinks. I wanted everything on the menu. No doubt every trip I make to Scottsdale there will have to be a visit to this place.
1	High prices, salad is bitter. Service is just okay. Changing my star from 2 to 1. The waitress places the silverware directly on the table.  Very unsanitary!
4	Great food. Outside heaters not working!!! Cold!!!
5	Anyway, we arrived and without reservation we were seated immediately. Everything about our dining experience was excellent. Our waitress was awesome. It was my lovahs 30th bday dinner and she went above and beyond and even offered to take pics for us when she saw me struggling to do a photo shoot myself. We picked a trio of bruschetta and they were alllll delish! My honey got the sweet potato ravioli and omigod i couldn't stop opening my mouth so he would feed me another bite. I had the risotto which was good but his ravioli was just downright fantastic! We had champagne and they come in cute flutes and also a bday dessert with a candle on the house!!! The ambiance here is great... good music and lighting. We will be back. I def def def recommend! (no stuttering prob, just expressing you should DEF try it out ) :)
5	We came to Olive & Ivy on the last day of my boyfriend's vacation and it made for the perfect ending. I can't compliment our server, Tim, enough for his excellent customer service. We went with lamb meatballs, hummus, and the fritto mizzo (sp) appetizers and were blown away! My boyfriend owns restaurants in California and it takes excellent flavors, textures and quality of food to make him happy. He was so impressed with everything (especially their beer) and we couldn't thank Tim enough for his wonderful attitude and lovely approach. We would have stayed to thank his manager but his flight was leaving in an hour (we got way too caught up with enjoying our dinner). I'm hoping the manager will see this review and thank Tim for his selection in food, beer and being the best waiter we had this weekend!
4	For the airport in Phoenix:Good food. Fast and reasonably priced. Loved the snickerdoodle cookies.
4	Great brunch spot in Downtown Scottsdale with a helpful staff and a wonderful patio.
2	I've frequented Olive & Ivy several times and always had a great experience, until the last time on Sunday night. Don't get me wrong, that experience was great in the moment too - until I got home and began projectile vomiting from the food poisoning I got from the seared scallops. On the plus side, I lost 4 pounds, so there's that. Two stars for previous good experiences, no stars for puking for 17 hours straight.
3	I wouldn't go out of my way to visit this place but I had a lovely evening.  My boyfriend and I came here after dinner for some cocktails and we cozied right up to a fire pit on the patio.  I really thought the patio was charming and definitely not overcrowded.  The drinks were reasonably priced for Scottsdale in my opinion.  My main dislike of this place was the music.  Olive and ivy is a classy establishment and I would have liked the music to reflect that; instead we had club songs being spun by a DJ.  Call me crazy but I think a little Frank Sinatra would have been more appropriate and fitting.  Oh well.
5	Excellent.  My only complaint is that they never seem to have the bacon wrapped dates.  I have been dying to try these, and I've been through PHX 3 times this year, but have not been able to get them once.  Apparently they don't have them for lunch, and they sell out really quickly for dinner.For the food I actually got, the bacon wrapped pork loin was heavenly.  It sits on a bed of squash that absorb the bacon/pork flavor.  I almost licked the plate.  The watermelon salad was also good.  The dressing is sweet, but has a slight kick of savory pepper.  I had it for lunch once, but I think I might order for desert next time I go.  Speaking of desert, the huckleberry cheesecake was momentous.  It's served in mini-mason jars, which some of my colleges got a kick out of.  The service has been outstanding every time I've been there.  Both waiters I've had demonstrated extensive knowledge of the wine list and menu and made great recommendations.  The scenery isn't too bad either.
4	Went back with a couple of girl buddies.(yes, I gave in even when I said I wouldn't); seated on the patio, service excellent as before, food much better this time around, but stuck with lunch stuff.
4	Bacon wrapped dates.  I don't think I need to say more, but I will anyway!I had the dates and an arugula salad, both were very fresh and delicious.  The bread that's brought to the table is good too - don't skip the pesto that comes with it.  This is not your average "throw-some-olive-oil-and-cracked-pepper-together-and-call-it-a-dipping-sauce" kind of stuff.  I could almost make a meal out of the bread and pesto alone.Our waitress was almost over the top attentive, but I'll take that over one that disappears any day.
5	This place left quite an impression on me, I have to say.First, the waiter (forgive me for not remembering his name) was refreshingly eloquent. He explained the menu item-by item in the the most intricate and juicy detail. Actual quotes: "I personally recommend the ice cream bar. I dream about this dessert when I sleep at night and I have to beg the chef to make it for me the next day. Creamy, indulging, satisfying" After his 5-minute spiel, our table was already sold on every item he listed. He wasn't just a waiter; he was a poet.The appetizers were particularly good, with the bacon-wrapped dates taking the gold for the most creative and delicious plate. The pesto here is great; make sure to request some with your bread. Also consider the beet salad, which was my favorite among the greens.I had the natural chicken as my entree and while it sounds like a very basic dish, I enjoyed every bite of it. The chicken was moist and slightly tangy while the yukon puree adorned the sides of the plate. Finally, the ice cream bar ended the feast on a perfect note. It is served with a steak knife so you can carve out your bite from the log of rich deep chocolate+toffee ice creamDistinguishing factor: this place takes the bacon-wrapping trend to a new level with the bacon-wrapped dates. The plate was the star of our table.
5	Maybe I'm a little partial because I helped open the coffee/gelato area way back when but after a few years hiatus, I'm glad to say Olive & Ivy is still spot on, if not, better. My family & I came here for my birthday dinner & the hostesses were friendly and had no problem seating my mother & I even though the rest of the party wasn't with us (I know that some places are really finicky about that so it was nice to just be seated with no hassle). Our waitress was great from the get go. Her name was Andrea I believe? She was very friendly without being too over the top & paid attention to details even going so far as to offer to have my niece & nephew's spoon & fork that they have with them whenever they go out rinsed off in the back (I know of places far less nice than Olive & Ivy who wouldn't even do that so it was major points).We started off with the hummus with veggies that had a kick to it...pretty damn good. The bread with pesto is ah-mazing!! I probably (definitely) should have refrained from having as much as I did as I was stuffed by the time my meal arrived. After the hummus, I had the half portion of the beet salad with goat cheese and pistachios...pretty solid trio of ingredients on top of the arugula and it was yummy!  Following that, I ordered the flatbread; half Margherita half prosciutto/egg/potato and while I wasn't sure how that latter half would taste, it was good. I'm a sucker for prosciutto and theirs is no joke! I couldn't finish it (surprise surprise) but I still ordered desert...it's my birthday, what better day to treat yourself?! The ice cream bar that's been previously mentioned is SO good...coffee ice cream with marshmellow and a chocolate coating with some peanut butter thrown in for good measure. I have to say, as well, that the cappuccino was amazing Well done, O & I. I will definitely return sooner for happy hour!
2	Went here 2years ago in May, Great ambiance and atmosphere if you don't mind the testing of lighting and waiters stumbling around and starring at you. It was my birthday and Upon moving here a guy on my flight told me to check this place out. For a special occasion I think I would recommend to pass, For an afternoon of tv and football sounds great. This place is like an Italian Applebee's! So if you like Applebee's great, go. I obviously am not..a fan of Applebee's
5	This was the first good restaurant my fiance and I had been to since moving to Scottsdale from Seattle. I had a great time and the service was great. We enjoyed a bottle of wine, appetizers, and I absolutely loved their Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin. I highly recommend them for fine dining.
4	Excellent brunch, beautiful day and smart service! The focaccia pesto with a Bloody Mary chaser is a delightful start. The bird calls in the courtyard patio are annoying.
4	We had our work holiday party here and we can't wait to come back and enjoy it again. We were greeted with a large wine selection and some appetizers on a back patio. The appetizers were mini pizza/bruschetta - some had mushrooms and some has tomatoes with cheese. Both were delicious. Another appetizer was a date wrapped in bacon - this was super delicious and easy to eat. I ordered a pineapple mojito and at first our server was confused, saying they don't have a blender but could make us a raspberry mojito. (I've had bartenders tell me they don't have blenders when I've ordered mojitos before, so I was used to this.) Luckily, our server came back later telling me she was confused and viola a delicious pineapple mojito was placed in my hands with a large slice of pineapple on the rim. It was amazing! So good, the husband had to order one for himself. Our party moved inside to a private room where we were given tiny menus with simple selections. The husband ordered the beef entree, steak with horseradish mashed potatoes and I ordered the scallops with corn polenta. While the scallops were delicious, the steak was super tender and moist! (Better than a fillet we had the night before!) For desert, I ordered the chocolate cake with coffee crema inside and the husband ordered the cheesecake. The cheesecake came in a cute mason jar and was amazing. I really liked my chocolate cake but the cheesecake was better. For once everything the husband ordered was better than what I had ordered! It was a fantastic party and such a great venue. Can't wait to come back!
5	Great patio.Loved the pesto and focaccia bread. Great service.
5	I have dined Olive & Ivy for dinner and tried the hummus along with a Caprese salad. Being two of my favorite things on the planet, I was very pleased with their dishes. The staff was very friendly and patient as we realized it was closing time and were still there. Needless to say, it has a warm vibe that makes you forget you're not at home. We decided to try the brunch on a late Sunday morning. Our server was very pleasant and helpful. The location we were seated had a ray of sun shining through the window and into our eyes, the manager lowered the shades to the window and even proceeded to go outside and raise the umbrellas that were located outside of our window, blocking out the sun. How nice is that?! And, obviously, the food was amazing. Hummus and the Prosciutto Flat Bread. Not to forget the pesto and bread they offer before your meal, very tasty. And the $5 mimosas. Mmm.Hopefully, fingers crossed, that one day they are able to offer pet-friendly patio seating (the patio being the perfect spot for 'people watching' near the water front). We would be there every weekend!
5	I love everything about this place! The water was very friendly, all the food was of high quality and amazing taste, and the restaurant itself is just awesome! Very trendy and chic. The interior decor is very nicely done and the outdoor terrace is absolutely gorgeous. I highly recommend any of their flatbreads, pastas, or salads. All are great. Same goes to desserts! This place is definitely worth checking out if you're in the Scottsdale area.
4	Conveniently located near the Scottsdale Fashon, this place is great for a nice lunch before you shop 'til you drop. The restaurant doubles as a marketplace, so you can buy some goods while you're there too.  The decor is clean and fresh and simply done.  Now on to the food.  The one thing to describe their food (at least the two dishes I tried there) is lots and lots of oil.  Maybe that's why it tasted so good.  The Funghi Trifolati flatbread was recommended.  The mushroom and arugula is a wonderful pairing for the simple dish.  The tallegio cheese stretches beautiful when I took a bite.  The only thing I wished was that the thin bread was more crispy.  It was too soft for my taste.  And of course they drenched it with olive oil.  The mushroom tortelli ordered was a light classic dish that was cooked wonderfully as well.  I preferred this dish over the flatbread.  The ravioli was cooked a bit adante which was great, and the flavors blended well with the mushroom.  What I remembered of the sauce was that it was light and drenched in oil again.  See the trend? :-)  But Overall, I would give a thumbs up for Olive & Ivy.Happy eating in 2013!
3	First time i am giving a Fox Restaurant such a low rating.Really was not at all impressed by the dishes. My food was in the luke warm family when i got it. I really don't mind luke warm food. It's nice cause i can just start eating with out worrying about scalding my face. (wish it was a little bit warmer though). I got the veal raviolis and shrimp ontop (as recommend by the server).Shrimp was overcooked... :\, ravioli was just okay... I wasn't really blown away by it. Veal tasted dry inside...is that possible with ravioli? I tried the rest of my parties dishes and i wasn't blown away. Maybe my expectations have become too high of the fox restaurants.I will chalk it up to a bad night at the restaurant. I'd give them a second try because all the other fox restaurants i have been to, i've enjoyed. But out of this experience it was a 3.  :\
5	First off, I've got to say that the location and decor of this place is awesome. Great job by whoever is responsible for that. This is a great place for a date, or for brunch with friends on the weekends. The food is excellent and the service is outstanding. I would go more often, but it is a little on the pricy side... but well worth it.
5	Love this place. Flatbread pizzas are excellent as was the Mediteranian salad. Pesto flatbread was my fav of the 3 we tried.  We had the ice cream bar but will have the gelato next time.
5	Visiting Scottsdale for the first time, who knew it's a foodie mecca!  Yay, I was thrilled!  My good friend Teri recommended this spot.  We walked in and were impressed by the gorgeous lighting and spaciious layout.  But my eyes were drawn to their ultra chic patio!  Too bad it was freezing outside, but we were seated in a nice warm spot.  They do have a great happy hour menu, I wish I had grabbed a drink at the bar first to take advantage of those prices.  I ordered the Butternut Squash and it was rich and fabulous.  Their focaccia bread as a starter was the bomb, we asked for a second serving!  I heard this was part of some Fox restarurants, so I definitely want to check out ther other restaurants.
4	Very good service. We had a party of 8, including an infant, and someone who is allergic to eggs and dairy - it was no problem. The food was wonderful. Modern looking inside. Had a gelato bar inside, which we didn't try because we brought cupcakes for someone's birthday. And I kept hearing how cool the women's restroom was. The one cocktail I had, ginger-something, wasn't my cup of tea, but food, etc. was great. I'd recommend to anyone, and we'll be back.
4	Very Cute dining. It's perfect for a quick lunch or a dress up dinner. It would be perfect for a celebration or an intimate date. They make their foods from scratch daily and bring you bread while you wait for your meal(s). Their patio seating is really cute and very spacious as well. There is a marketplace adjacent to the restaurant where you can basically order anything off the menu at if you are in a real hurry. Loved it! It seems that the FOX restaurant chain has yet to completely disappoint!
4	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!!!Every time I go to Scottsdale I have to go to this place, I'm obsessed. I with they had a location in San Diego where I live.To start, the location itself is beautiful, upscale, and very cool. I enjoy people watching here too. They have a gorgeous outdoor area to eat as well. The service is always wonderful, attentive, and explain the dishes very well. The food. They start you off with Pesto and bread. Probably the best pesto I have had in my life, including my time in Italy. I secretly go here the pesto alone. This past visit, I tried the salmon caesar salad which was delicious. The salmon was cooked medium and was very tender and light. The salad itself was quite good as well. My friend ordered the burger which looked heavenly.Looking forward to my next visit here!!
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!We went here for dinner with our friends and started out with the bruschetta and artichoke heart salad. We got the funghi, manchego(sp), and chorizo toppings. 2 out of three were great, we don't eat pork so we skipped the chorizo one. The salad was very good as well. I really loved the fluffy bread they serve with the pesto sauce! Yummy!I got the sea-bass...it was the BEST sea-bass I've ever had. The orange peels and grapefruit all meshed so well together. It was just incredible! My bf had the salmon and it was grilled to perfection. It was tender and crispy and those baby beets they serve with it are to die for! And I don't even like beets! Out friends ordered the scallops and the mushroom tort-something and were very pleased with their selections.Our waiter was super patient with us and gave excellent recommendations. I wish I could remember his name. He was just a great guy and seemed like he enjoyed his job. He definitely went above and beyond for us.The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is because I made reservations for 9:15 but weren't seated until about 9:40.
5	Been here several times, and enjoyed it every time.  They have a very good pesto sauce.  Last time I had the veal ravioli, and it was very good.Great atmosphere and happy hour.
4	Another Fox concept success. Tried it and really enjoyed everything about it. The service, the food, and especially the outside seating area. Just a beautiful place to go chill.
4	good food, great ambience, reasonable prices, and great variety.minus one star because service could have been better.for lunch, try the lamb gyro or turkey sandwich.
4	Very nice place, Ate on outdoor patio. Shared a bottle of really good Riesling wine. All the food we had was very good.
4	Olive and Ivy never disappoints.  The outdoor patio is the perfect meeting point for girlfriends or that special someone.  The Happy Hour with the bruchetta ( I recommend the one with fig) is always good and the people watching provides built in entertainment.  They are serious about their food here and I would recommend the brunch as well as dinner.  Definitely a "go to" spot.
4	OK, OK...so I know I'm more than a little late with trying this restaurant, but in my defense I did just move back to AZ a little over a year ago ;).I happened to be in the area picking up some shoes from Tony's Shoe Repair (which is awesome...a review for that coming soon) and was starving. I was craving something different than the usuals (Kona, Yard House and ZTejas) and I'd heard good things about this place so I decided to test it out solo. I arrived right at the beginning of happy hour so the place wasn't too crowded yet. I was immediately impressed right when I pulled up to the place. I liked the fact that they actually had parking spots right up front instead of "complimentary" valet. It annoys me when that's all places have. First of all, I'm perfectly capable of parking my own car and walking. Second, NO valet is "complimentary". You always have to tip them or you'll look like a complete douche. I'd rather walk and burn some calories for free thanks :). Anyway, sorry for the rant. Back to my review...The positive vibes of this place stayed with me as I entered into the restaurant. I loved the decor and ambiance of the place. It was very open and fresh feeling. It was airy, without being to too expansive and hollow. It still had a comfort and coziness to it. It was raining that day (I know, what are the odds of that here in AZ haha) so I couldn't sit out on the patio, but from what I saw it looked like an absolutely lovely area to enjoy brunch or happy hour overlooking the water with the girls or even a great romantic date spot to watch the sun go down. The decor wasn't too rustic or too cold and modern. It was classic, cool and elegant. I decided to just grab a seat at the bar because there were a few seats open and I was by myself anyway. It was sleek and modern and the music was at a perfect volume. It was loud enough to hear, but not so loud that you'd have to yell at the person next to you just to carry on a convo. Since it was happy hour I decided to take advantage of the great prices and order a few apps as my meal from the happy hour menu. I skipped the cocktails this time (even though they looked delicious...especially the sangria) because I still wanted to go to the gym later that evening...and working out with a buzz just didn't seem like a very productive (or safe) idea lol. Aside from an ice tea, I ordered the hummus plate, the prosciutto and fig bruschetta (with port salut) and also the fresh mozzarella bruschetta (with tomato jam and basil). This amount would have been a nice snack for two, and was more than plenty for me (I only finished about half the hummus). The hummus with grilled pita bread came out first and did not disappoint! I loved how they had a good amount of chopped cucumber, onions, and little cherry tomatoes on top of the humus. It added a nice freshness and color to an otherwise monotone dish. The bruschettas however, were by far my favorite! The tomato jam on the fresh mozzarella was amazing and added a nice twist to the traditional "mozzarella and tomato". It was so good that I seriously wish I could get a container of it to go and try it on everything from fries, to sandwiches or veggies. The prosciutto and fig one was amazeballs as well. The saltiness of the prosciutto plays off the sweetness of the fig nicely. I absolutely LOVED everything and can't wait to go back and try even more menu items. So many looked amazing. I was completely full when I left (and didn't even finish it all) all for under $15! Overall, a great upscale place with great pricing (especially during happy hour), a great atmosphere and most importantly GREAT FOOD! The only reason why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because of the service. Maybe it's because I was sitting at the bar instead of a table with an actual server, but I asked for a few recommendations and descriptions of certain things and wasn't really given anything except for "It's good...I'm not sure, whichever one you feel like." The bruschetta's were also a little slow coming out. I still absolutely love the place and will definitely be back with friends for the food and atmosphere. ;)
4	This was the pertect end to a great night.  The atmosphere is lively and the appetizers were great.  The service was excellent and I loved everything from the small beet salad to the variety of bruschetta.  I will definitely return on a future visit to Scottsdale.
3	We had an awesome table--right next to their big patio. So it was like we were on the patio, but had the benefit of air conditioning. Food was good, but we felt a bit rushed. It was just my husband and I and the hostess sat us at a table set for four. The waiter made it quite clear that our seat was "prime real estate" (yes, those were his exact words) and tried to hurry us through our dinner.
5	Place is very good.  Good wine list, good unique food.  Not gigantic portions, which I view as a good thing...
5	Pros: My favorite restaurant in AZ. I have never ordered anything that I haven't enjoyed. Nothing tops their pesto sauce. The best part is, it comes free with the bread at the beginning of the meal. Last night, I ordered the sweet potato cannelloni. It's very rich. My friend described it as, "Like eating a dessert." Since I have a sweet tooth, I loved it. My sister order the pork tenderloin. Her friend ordered the chicken scallopine. It paired perfectly with my past. My BFF ordered scallops. Cooked to perfection. Like eating light puffy clouds of air. Cons: Price
5	this place has been on the list for years, and finally after getting our act together, we met another couple for a dinner at Olive and Ivy.the decor, in traditional Fox style, is perfect. from the lights to the tile to the bathroom...even the servers are perfect looking. speaking of service, our waitress had this very laid back, comfortable air about her, but with confidence. she made some suggestions as we were ordering which were helpful. we had to ask a few times for water glass refills though. the drinks were splendid. i had a rum honey martini and it went down way too easily. the sorbet in the drink was fantastic.for dinner, i had the sweet potato cannelloni. the pasta was soft, the sweet potato just a tad softer....it was seasoned perfectly and the sauce drizzled was a mix of sweet and savory. my wife had the mushroom tortelli and i tasted a bite and i love that earthy smell/taste of well done mushroom dishes. i couldn't bare desert but they all sounded delicious. the only other dish tried was the salmon and i thought it might have come from a picture cutout is was so beautiful. a great evening out with some great food!
5	Awesome restaurant to go too. Love everything about it. Can't say anything negative about this place!!  Totally go if your in Scottsdale Arizona!!
5	Happy hour!! $3 bruschetta!! Delish~  Wasn't very busy for happy hour on Wednesday. This was my first time here. Love the decor and the bathroom is just medieval. Friendly staff and delicious food. Their bruschetta is awesome. Lots of variety to choose from. Also got some gelato. So many yummy flavors and they didn't mind us sampling each and everyone of them. I ended up getting the white chocolate mint. OMG the mint punches you in the face, it's so good.Would've love to come back for dinner.
5	Another great Fox restaurant. I have yet to try one I didn't like! I liked the decor. It's much bigger inside than I was expecting, yet still manages to have a cozy feel with dim, pendant lighting. I had a great cocktail at the bar, the cactus blossom, and my husband had a delicious martini. We ordered a few small plates to start our table, the mushroom bruschetta, mozzarella and tomato brushchetta and artichokes on arugula. Their bruschetta are small, only 3pcs but reasonably priced at $4 each. My husband and I ordered the mushroom tortelli and sweet potato cannelloni. Both were delicious and sort of rich tasting, so they were filling. One of our friends ordered the salmon which looked like it was perfectly cooked. Our server was friendly, attentive, and spaced out our entrees at a good pace so we didn't get too full off our appetizers. Now that the weather is warming up, they have a huge patio too!
4	Love, love love! I love this patio! It sure doesn't feel like you are in Arizona... It is a breath of life from wine country. You can see the European influence, but also the laid back, sitting on a good friends vineyard patio where beyond the trees is rolling hills, orchards and elegant rural life. All this and only steps away from the lavish Scottsdale Mall! The menu is well thought out and a certain amount of effort was clearly put into the bruscetta list's 6 tempting creations: All refined and elegant in their execution and piled high with toppings. The bruscetta sell for $4-$5 each, or 3 for $11 - A hell of a deal! And be sure to try the Manchego with quince & spanish chorizo, aaah-mazing! The other wonderfully yummy price point find is the single scoop of in-house made sorbets and gelatos, $1.75 for a single scoop! I had the lemon butter cream and it was divine. Rich, creamy, with a lovely lemon finish. The wine list is thorough and poignant. There are not 6 different Chardonnays and 4 Sav blancs. But approximately 9 whites and 12 reds by the glass with only 1 selection of each type of grape: One fabulous vintage for all occasions! I really adore this concept. The restaurant is inviting and as large as the desert that surrounds this city. My server was outstanding, you rock Lauren!
5	The restaurant atmosphere was great, the ambiance was beautiful its right by the  canal and there is outdoor seating as well. The food was brought out to us very promptly and the presentation of the food was great, the thing that impressed me the most was that my boyfriend had ordered the sea scallops and i had ordered the awesome lasagna we had asked to "split the orders so that we could share" they beautifully arranged the two dishes on a rectangular plate and a bowl so it looked as though the two dishes were suppose to be together and they split the orders and put it on one plate, I have never seen this done before in any restaurant.The waiter was very attentive and very nice. The other item you need to ask for is the pesto and bread,that is a must, so delish! I even looked up for any other FOX restaurants that might be in California which I plan on visiting since I had such a great experience at this restaurant. the next time I come to Scottsdale I surely stop by here again!. Thanks Olive and Ivy for a memorable eating experience!
5	I love this place. I have only eaten here once but it was very fulfilling of my expectations. The place is very classy and a little bit too fancy for the area but besides that the food was amazing. I thought it was a little weird that they were serving brunch at 2 in the afternoon on a Sunday but it definitely changed my thought on that when my food came. I got the egg sandwich and it was to die for! Perfect size and getting the side of potatoes was definitely a good choice. I definitely would love to go back and try what they have to offer on their lunch menu!
4	Great place. Good food and fast service, even on a busy day like Sunday for brunch.
2	Processed Cheese?!?I went to Olive and Ivy with some friends for a birthday brunch - the waiter made it a point to say everything is made from scratch, homemade, the bakers got up at 4am to bake, etc.  Super - sounds great.  I ordered the Ivy Sausage sandwich, which is egg, sausage and cheese on a homemade english muffin.  One bite and I get that odd, familiar flavor of my childhood and realize they had put two slices of Kraft American Processed cheese slices on the sandwich.  What?? Are you telling me that Sam Fox can't have a hunk of cheddar cheese in the back for this?  It ruined an already mediocre sandwich that tasted like it came from a Jimmy Dean freezer box.  I scraped the cheese off the other half and tried to move on, but I'm still angry.  The two stars are for the good cup of cappuccino and the free dessert the waiter brought my friend, which was amazing.  Oh, and for using Open Table so we could make reservations and not have to wait.  None of my friends were terribly impressed with their meal either.
4	Perfect spot for afternoon dining on the patio (at least in the spring time).  Nice happy hour menu.  My favorite thing is actually the croissant bought in the morning at their "market".  It is perfect - flaky inside and kind of crispy outside.  Treat yourself to one if you're here.
5	We ended up at Olive & Ivy as a 2nd - or 3rd choice due to our lateness in making a reservation for a party of 8 during the month of March.  We made the reservation about 9 days in advance.  We ended up with a primo indoor table on a Saturday night (a full house).  We were extremely pleased with the location, ambiance, service, wine list, and the food.  The dishes were spectacular.  I had the best sea scallops (with sweet polenta) that I have ever eaten.
4	Good food and  atmosphere
1	This was the worst experience I have ever had at a resaurant.   After making a reservation and then having the reservation dishonored I was told by the manager that reservations are simply a "request" for a table and there was no guarantee that you would actually be seated.   Also, the food attempts to be up scale but, in fact, is very ordinary.   For example, I had the lasagna and it was served in a bowl with overcooked pasta and was very unpleasant.
3	Sure, the food at Olive & Ivy is good, but there are plently of places, even Fox RC places, that I have been to that are better. Whenever I go to Olive & Ivy, I feel that the service is a little snooty, even from the point where you walk in the door. I always seem to be greeted by a somewhat inconsiderate hostess, and the servers to be honest really aren't that much better. You can tell that they are completely fake when they come to take your oders/bring you food, because they're scrounging for a good tip, which they expect from this restaurant's normal clientele-- the well-off businesspeople out to lunch or the Scottsdale moms that congregate to go out to brunch. The food, like i mentioned, is decent. I almost always get their Mediterranean Salad with some grilled salmon on top. It's usually pretty decent, but definitely overpriced. You get about 1 1/2 standard measuring-cup cups of mixed greens, some cous-cous and other fillers, with about a 3-ounce portion of salmon all for around $21. And that's just for the salad, not including drinks. Just about the only thing that keeps Olive & Ivy from getting a two-star review is their delicious pesto and bread that they serve (upon request) before you get your meal. It's honestly really delicious, light, and the pesto isn't too garlicy or salty. It is on the smaller side, so make sure you ration it properly between yourself and any of the other guests who you're dining with. 3 stars for: Pros: Decent food Cons: Bleh serviceSmall portionsOverpriced Bottom Line: Yeah, i'll be back, as long as I'm not the one footing the bill.
4	Awesome place. Great service, superb food, and fun drinks. What more could you ask for?
2	Visiting from Washington State.  I heard this place was good, so I took my mom to Olive and Ivy for lunch.I ordered the turkey grinder and she ordered a salad.  The salad looked good, but I immediately distrusted the grinder they made for me.  The taste was all wrong.  It was very sour, like someone had dumped a ton of vinaigrette all over it.The bread was way too hard, almost comically so, making it impossible for anyone to eat the damned thing without exerting a reasonable amount of effort.After a few bites, I became astutely aware that my mouth was bleeding from the razor-like bread slicing into my gums.I refused to eat anymore and sent my lunch back.  The manager graciously offered to pay for our lunch, due to the fact that their food had actually made me bleed.Receiving a free lunch was nice, even though I left the establishment hungry and bleeding.  Although, I'm certain my mother enjoyed her experience, I certainly didn't.I will not be returning to Olive and Ivy, due to the obvious lack of common sense exhibited by the people making the food, the people checking the food for abnormalities (like dangerously hard breads), and the management for their lack of oversight and ability to properly analyze their product.Serving the right bread should be easy.  Unfortunately, Olive and Ivy made it look very difficult.Any restaurant that fails so heavily on such mediocre and simple issues should be shunned and avoided.
5	Lve!!! The patio is awesome. Occassionally the wind blows and the Waterfront doesn't produce the best of smells ... but the ambiance on the patio more than makes up for it. The wine was amazing, the mediterranean flatbread was awesome, we tried some of the bruschettas that were great. I really love the vibe inside too. We were there on a Sat night and the DJ kicked it up a notch but was not overpowering at all. I'll def be back!
4	We really liked this place.  I had the shrimp risotto and the rest of my party ordered the margherita flat bread, lasagna and the bacon wrapped pork.  Everyone must've liked their dishes because we all finished our food; except for my husband who loaded up on the yummy bread and pesto dipping sauce beforehand.   My dish was perfectly cooked and the portion sizes are just right.  All around good food with great ambiance.  It's also a fun place to people watch!
4	I go there for the Sangria alone! It's amazing! There food is good, but they took away my favorite flatbread! Great ambiance. Perfect place for a meet up with the girls.
4	Atmosphere is lively. Food is good and they were very accomodating for food allergies. Drinks were very good!
4	The artichoke salad was the best I have ever had
5	I went with my family on a Friday evening. The sea bass was delicious, and our server Kara was very knowledgable and friendly.
1	I am giving Olive & Ivy only 1 star because the employees have no idea how to run a restaurant or deal with customers.  We went there to celebrate a Birthday which did not go too well.  First when we made the reservation we were told to come in before 3pm on a Sunday so we could order from 3 menus well when we arrived, we were told a different story about the menus and told something else by another person and the story kept changing depending on who you spoke with.  Well this restaurant should be closed between 3-5pm on weekends as the only items are flatbreads, a select few salads and apps but no one tells you this when you call.  So we had planned to order dinner but were told we could not something to do with the kitchen, but we were also told we could not order from the brunch or lunch menu either so we were stuck as to what to order, well it was terrible - the flat breads were terrible, dry and way to salty. The bacon burger was not worth $12.00 and it was just a real bad time and the manager would not comp anything for all the bad information and did not seem to care we could not find anything good to eat on the menu.  We had told the waitress we could not handle anything spicy as to let us know if we ordered something which was spicy well do not order the hummus, we were not told it had jalapenos in it even though we asked, they did not take it off the bill even though 5 of the 6 people at the table did not eat it.  We will not visit again, very bad experience, bad manager, bad customer service.  not a good fox restaurant, plus the uniforms looked like construction workers.  The food, was well not worth the money and have had much better elsewhere.
4	Nice open restaurant with large patio - not exactly as billed (more like Southern France than southern Scottsdale) but still not too bad.  Casual crowd, good sized bar and area, inside/outside dining, noise level was average.  Staff was attentive to our needs, so much so that the manager checked in to see all was well - NO ISSUES on service.Wine list is not bad, has room for some expansion.  My margarita was good my colleagues enjoyed the sangria.Food, again good.  Not top notch but no issue.To me Olive & Ivy is a nice everyday restaurant.  I would go back in a heart beat.
5	Food was tasty & location / outdoor seating is wonderful.
2	The two star rating says this "Meh. I've experienced better." and that's exactly how I would describe Olive and Ivy. I've been here two times now and each time left thinking "nothing special" "over priced".First time I went here I had a gyro and it was good. Nothing to make me go back again, but good. Second time here, I honestly don't even remember what I ordered.The service both times was very good. Attentive and as fast as they can. The bread is also very good, probably my favorite part.Take a look at the menu and see what you think. This place is very popular and people love it, I guess it's just not for me.
5	Guys? Do you want to impress your date with a fancy treat? This is IT!! Nice place, nice atmosphere, kinda of romantic I should say too because of the lights, but definitely a good options for girls nights or even family dinner. You make it your own. I really like the food, but honestly here are my favorite: ready?? The Lasagna Bolognese with a Belvedere Blue Martini. Honestly this lasagna is so tiny/small that you will eat it in one or two bites (and so overpriced) but it is DELICIOSO!!! And the martini... well, it is Belvedere... you don't need more explanations, hello?? Haha. (please do not have more than 2, especially if it is your first date). Oh yeah, back to the subject. Last time I was there, we had a large group, 45 minute wait, but it was a Saturday night in Scottsdale, so nothing out of the normal...Oh, there is a DJ on Saturday nights, it is not obnoxious, so do not get intimidated if you do not like clubs, you can still hear what people say (well not at the bar) but the rest. If the weather is nice, I highly recommend to eat in the patio, all those lights make it so peaceful and romantic ... awwee... I need a boyfriend haha. Enjoy!!!
5	A MUST!!  The patio seating is so comfortable and cool and shady.  What a wonderful place to relax on a Sunday afternoon .... or any afternoon!  The food was very good as well.  Try the "Prosciutto Flatbread"!  It's amazing!
5	We loved this place. Came in with a big group of 13 for a nice dinner.  Great food, appetizers main courses and desserts good wine list.  Love the decor and location, and the staff is hot.    Easy walk to bars from dinner.Check it out.
4	Took my parents here for our traditional weekly dinner and it was lovely! I thought I had made reservations through the automated system but my age must be showing because they didn't have us on the list and thus no outside seating and wow, they have some lovely outside seating among these great heavily leafed trees but still, seated in less than 15 minutes.Instead of full meals we shared a series of appetizers. I wasn't crazy ab out the Bruschetta but the lamb meatballs were good. My parents also enjoyed the hummus and I guess my overall favorite was the fresh sliced bread with the pesto sauce amazing. I did have a cocktail, the Cactus Blossom and the server did warn me it was on the sweet side but honestly, taste reminded me somewhat of cough syrup so I won't order that one again. However, you get your money's worth as I definitely felt the cocktail when it was done.I guess I thought the food was good but what I especially liked was that the place had that operational hum of excellence which I've come to expect from the Fox Restaurants Concepts group. They know how to run eating establishments with a high end focus  and it shows. I look forward to coming back here again, though I have to try that outside seating when the weather is nice, looks wonderful. :-)
5	Gorgeous outdoor patio. Tasty sangria. Server indicated all food made fresh on the daily (including pasta, flat bread crusts, pesto, etc) .... Heavenly :)
4	Another great outdoors meal at Olive and Ivy. We probably overate as we split and appetizers, flatbread AND ordered entrees. Great service and nice ambiance make this a consistent choice.
4	Have been to Olive and Ivy in Scottsdale twice now; both times when visiting my daughter who lives here.  It is in a great location, near the Fashion  Square mall and old-town Scottsdale, and right on the river, where you can sit outside.  Incredibly comfortable seating outside, and it is pretty well shaded, so you are out of the Arizona sun mostly.   This time was for lunch, and the three of us enjoyed a chopped salad, a mediterranean salad, and a chicken grinder.  There were no complaints. The service was fast, friendly and professional.  It is a good be if you are in that neighborhood!
5	I love the atmosphere and food!  Great service and relaxing environment to go on the weekend.  I would recommend to anyone!
4	Enjoyed the atmosphere and food!
3	We went to Olive and Ivy just for dessert after having dinner at another restaurant with another couple.  It was a beautiful night so we had to take advantage of one of the nicest patios in Scottsdale.  We ordered the warm apple pie with a scoop of Nutella gelato.  I won't be ordering the warm apple pie again.  First of all they shouldn't call it warm, it was room temperature on the outside and cold on the inside.  It looked like a cross between a hot pocket and a apple pie you would get from McDonald's.  The Nutella gelato was amazing.  I will for sure be getting that next time I go back.  The other couple we were with had the ice cream bar and a scoop of cookies and cream gelato.  I didn't try it but they said they enjoyed it.  The hostess was great.  The service from our server was nothing special. He gave us our check after we got our dessert and never came back after that.  No "can I get you anything?" and no refill of our empty water glasses.  I've been to Olive and Ivy many times and I will go back.
5	Really enjoyed our meal at Olive & Ivy. We tried the sangria, which was good but not great. I'd definitely try something else if I went again but it was totally drinkable. Bacon wrapped dates were amazing...so good. The bread/pesto dip is as good as everyone else on Yelp says. I had the sea bass which was delish, and my husband's scallops were great too - his corn mixture under the scallops was the best part I think! To finish we had the ice cream bar dessert...how can you go wrong with caramel ice cream, marshmallow, peanut butter and magic shell topping??? So tasty. The atmosphere was great, very classy and hip but casual at the same time. Our server was great, fabulous sense of humor and made us feel very welcome there. Overall a great experience!
5	I LOVED the service!  We had a car issue and had to push our reservations 30 minutes.  Even though they were completely booked because of Mothers Day and Prom...they were willing to work with us.  I told them we would leave when the next reservation for our table arrived.  They were awesome...attentive, quick, efficient and so professional without being pushy.  The manager even sent us over a free appetizer to help ease our earlier evening stresses I guess...how nice is that! No only was the service amazing...but the food was EXCELLENT!!  This is when spending the money is worth it!  The white sangria was wonderful, the bacon wrapped dates were amazing and the butter salad and chicken with prosciutto were worth every bite!  Would highly recommend this particular area for out-of-town guests.  We walked over the bridge and enjoyed looking over the water and the beautiful grounds.  Very trendy area with at least a dozen restaurants/lounges/patios to hang out in.  Or, take an extended golf cart to old town Scottsdale to listen to some country music.
5	In love.Olive and Ivy is a fantastic little place tucked in the waterfront at Scottsdale. They have two sides to choose from, the take out side where it's more of a bistro style, offering sandwiches and salads for a quick meal...and then the elegantly decorated dine in side that has TONS of outdoor seating. This place is gorgeous.The bar is a great place for happy hour after work or to meet up with friends before a night out...and the restaurant itself offers AMAZING table side mimosas and brunch on the weekends. Delish. Absolutely delish.If you haven't been here, get here quickly and enjoy every bite and minute of your visit.
5	I always leave here happy and full! The cocktails are very tasty and at a good price point. If you come at lunch the crowd is usually business men but nighttime is a different story. There are always trendy good looking people to look at while enjoying some appetizer pita and hummus and a delicious pasta dish. If you are still hungry try one of their 16 different gelato flavors.
4	Good food, good happy hour.  Kinda of a trendy see and be scene Scottsdale place.  I do enjoy their patio on the canal.
1	I went to Olive & Ivy for the first time Wednesday 5/22 for lunch. My mother and I were out running errands and she suggested that we stop and eat at Olive & Ivy.Since this is a Fox restaurant and the prices are toward the higher end of the spectrum, I was expecting an enjoyable experience and some great food. Unfortunately, I was hugely disappointed.First, we were seated in the east section of the outside patio. There were probably 3-4 other tables that were occupied in that section when we arrived. We waited for approximately 10 minutes before the waiter decided to come over and ask us if we wanted something to drink. We should have realized that this was time to go, but since we were there...we decided to have some lunch. We started with Sour Cherry Palomas which were very very sour and I would suggest that they remove from the menu. Our stellar waiter continued his amazing service by not bringing us bread until my mother asked, and he forgot to bring us water after we asked 2 times. I also had to ask twice for some sweetener. Once again, maybe we should have pulled the rip cord at this point and ditched out....whoops!We ordered Frito misto, which was a highlight of the lunch for me. The breading was nice and the dipping sauce was tasty. Another chance for our waiter to screw up. In his 4 subsequent trips to the table, he neglected to clear away the empty appetizer plates. Our water glasses also both ran dry while we ate the appetizer and were not refilled until we explicitly asked.I asked for a suggestion between the turkey grinder, lamb gyro and chicken panini sandwiches. Our waiter raved about the gyro, so I went with that suggestion. Once again, bad call on my part. Approximately 20 minutes later my gyro and my mother's salad arrived. I ordered a side salad with gorgonzola vinaigrette. My salad had no dressing, and when I tried to catch my waiter's attention, he did not acknowledge me. The gyro included lamb patties which I would say were probably the worst tasting meat I've ever tasted. This was not a good gyro. It tasted more like lamb meat loaf.We waded through our entrees and finished our drinks. Our waiter never returned to ask how things tasted and he didn't seem to care when I told him my salad had no dressing. We asked for our check, and it was another 7-10 minutes before he was back. All I can say is Olive & Ivy is a one hit wonder for me. There are lots of other restaurants in the neighborhood that have much better food and service. I'd recommend Bungalow or R&R or just about any restaurant other than Olive & Ivy.
5	Love this place! Loved everything about.
5	My husband and I went here for our 10th anniversary. Every single thing we ordered was amazingly delicious! The server was so nice, and made it a special evening for us. They even gave us free dessert to celebrate our special night, with 'Happy 10th anniversary" written in white chocolate on the plate. We loved sitting out on their beautiful patio, but the inside is just as beautiful too. If we are in the area again, we will definitely be back!
4	If my mouth could marry a meal, it would wed the meal I recently had at Olive and Ivy.  It was love at first bite.  The fireworks in my mouth were poppin like my lip gloss.  But seriously.  My friend and I were torn between two meals - the scallops and the shrimp risotto.  So we did what any logical foodie would do and split the meals!  I almost cried when I tasted the scallops.  The combination of creamed corn, perfectly prepared scallops, and asparagus was a harmonious combination of deliciousness.  The shrimp risotto was just ok compared to the scallops.  I am sure that if I didn't get the scallops to compare against, I would have loved the risotto.  The drinks here are outstanding as well.  Normally when people refer to themselves or their significant other as a "mixologist" I chuckle because come on..he is a bartender, just say it.  HOWEVER, the people mixing up these cocktails get my approval to continue calling themselves "mixologists".  I had the daiquiri and my friend had some sour cherry thing.  The cherry comes from Italy and is the only real maraschino cherry out there.  None of that bleached, died, and injected with sugar kind of cherry. The meal was a bit expensive, but you will not regret it!  I would recommend sitting outside along the canal - yes the smell of fish is overpowering (especially in the summer heat)...but nothing can beat the meal you are about to experience.
5	Love the food here!
5	Great restaurant. Excellent food and service.
5	We love this place. Great Happy Hour, especially when you sit outside.  I recommend the red sangria during happy hour. The margherita flatbread is amazing too. Watch out for the birds coming at your pizza, LOL. They're cute though. The food is amazing as well, with reasonable prices. We frequent this place a lot. we love that its next to the water, though we always wonder why they covered the view with bushes?? The inside decor is gorgeous and even the bathroom has a majestic feel with tall. pretty doors. Well view or not, this place is a must go, great food and ambiance.
3	The BFF and I decided to have a fancy date night and get dressed up to go to dinner and a movie.  We decided on Olive & Ivy because it was centrally located for us and had a nice ambience.  I made reservations for us because it made it feel more "date-like" and also I was going to be coming straight from work and knew I'd be starving.  I got there just about exactly when my reservation was made for and was told to have a seat and my table would be ready shortly.  Now, the place wasn't packed by any means, sure there was a good number of people in the restaurant but there wasn't like a huge group of people waiting around to be seated.  For some reason though, despite the fact that I'd made a reservation, I waited for 15-20 minutes for my table.  So what's the point of making a reservation?  I could have walked in off the street and had the same thing.Once we got to our table the server came over right away and introduced himself and offered us drinks.  Since my friend is pregnant she was asking about non-alcoholic options but they really didn't have many selections so she stuck with water as did I so as not to feel like I was teasing her by dangling a martini in her face.  We decided to get the 3 bruschetta for $11 deal as an appetizer to tide us over to our main course.  They were all delicious but pretty small, only 3 pieces per slice.  We both decided on the Mediterranean Salad, with hers she asked for it with no feta and a side of olives though.  They were good but not outstanding.  Our server was friendly the whole time and did an awesome job making sure our water was full and we had whatever we needed.  I ended my meal with the passion fruit sorbet which was good at first but the flavor got to be a bit too much after a few bites.
4	My mom and I came here for a nice little ladies night out and it was very enjoyable. We sat on the patio which was beautiful! It was hot outside, but there were misters and the trees provided great shade and added a bit of coolness. The pesto and focaccia was delicious. We tried the bruschetta trio...the goat cheese and asparagus, manchego and another one. All were good. The funghi flatbread was good, and the beet salad was great! Overall the atmosphere was very nice.
3	Great ambiance. Food good but nothing to brag about for sure. Quality, service, decor all trendy and awesome.  They had a cool outdoor space that looked great for private events.
4	Great patio setting, solid Bloody Mary and excellent breakfast items.  A place to be seen in Scottsdale, which wasn't very appealing.
5	I am beyond obsessed with Olive and Ivy.  I've gone there numerous times, mostly for brunch and it's always been so good.  The eggs benedict is to die for.  The decor is so elegant and chic.  It's a great place to go for Sunday brunch and sit outside when it's a nice day.  I have nothing bad to say about Olive and Ivy!!
4	Great outdoor seating to lounge, hangout with friends. Decent wines by the glass and sangria was pretty good! Got a bunch of small bites to share with the group.  Service was good as well, we will be back!
4	Ate dinner here on Friday for the first time. Place was rocking with loud music and good looking people. The service I had was phenomenal..probably one of the best servers Ive ever had. I wish I knew his name but knew we wanted to take out time sharing dishes. He was on point recommending small plates and entrees. The bacon wrapped dates were delicious.
1	The entrance was confusing.  When you walk in its like a deli and to the back is the restaurant.  The employees look at you like you are an idiot and then finally they break down and point to the back where the restaurant is.  The hostess station had 3 or 4 people standing around and one extremely rude girl that took charge.  We asked how long the wait was it was a long time but she said you can go to the back patio and possibly get a seat.  We had never been there before so we asked is there a table available?  The rude girls response was "we dont know" since its first come we dont keep track of it for you.  you will have to see if there is one available.  We walked through and obviously there was no open table which the dumb B already knew.  Really bad vibe from this place.  Really rude staff.  Staff seems ultimately annoyed that you had the audacity to walk in and expect to eat there.  It was almost like "is this really happening right now?"   That was our first and last visit we walked out after the hostess was a big b and I was completely bummed because the restaurant is beautiful.  I have wanted to try it for a few years now but I cant put up with that kind of treatment.  The management here must be the absolute worst otherwise there wouldnt be so many hateful people working here.
5	Great atmosphere and really yummy food!
4	At Olive & Ivy, the quality of the food and atmosphere is not a question. The question is, "Why isn't there more of this on my plate?"We had a group of 7 of us at a long table and our service was relatively swift. The place was relatively quiet, granted it was the middle of the week. My qualms about portion size are with the flat breads and the veal ravioli dish. My brother in-law and I both finished the ravioli saying, "OK, I wish there was more of this, I'm still starving".  The server said that the portions were *big* and I felt that it was misleading. I should note that this entire family isn't full of extreme appetites either. The portions were just weren't entree sized in my opinion.Would I come back here?  For appetizers and drinks, sure. But if I'm in the mood for dinner, I would order something else or go elsewhere to fill up.
5	The bread with pesto is wonderful! The patio is beautiful,great service.
5	Just got back from spending the weekend in Scottsdale with my girl friend. We dined at Olive and Ivy on Saturday night and just had an amazing time! It was packed and we didn't have reservation so waited at the bar and enjoyed few cocktails for 30 minutes and then our table was ready. Located on the 'river' aka waterfront near Scottsdale Fashion SC, Olive & Ivy combines a lively, animated atmosphere and retro and trendy look with comfort of old, nostalgic Arizona dinning. Fresh Creative food, Great Service and there are multiple Seating Areas; One can seat themselves inside the restaurant in booth, tables or at the bar or outside seating is available as well. My dinner was fantastic...I ordered the Sea bass with caramelized cauliflower, snap peas & preserved grapefruit. DELICIOUS....My mouth is watering just thinking about it... lol If you haven't been here, put it on your list and enjoy every bite and minute of your visit.
4	HAPPY HOUR REVIEWOlive & Ivy is another one of Sam Fox's restaurant concepts, one which we like. http://www.foxrc.com/restaurants/olive-ivy-restaurant-marketplace/We came here after a movie on the Fourth of July around four. It was mostly empty and we felt we had the run of the place just to ourselves.AMBIANCE/MOOD:On most nights this is a crazy busy place with a bar area that can get crowded very quickly. Yet on other nights...  well it can be empty. It tends to be more young, after work-ish, along with the 40s/50s who live nearby. Yesterday, there was a dozen of us evenly split, outnumbering the staff. MENU:You have two menus to choose from, Dinner and Happy Hour. Both are incredibly large and diverse for the 3 to 6 HH period. The major difference between the two is the lack of pastas, and that the salads can only be found on the Dinner menu. See link: http://www.foxrc.com/frcwp/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/Olive_And_Ivy_Happy_Hour_Menu.pdfSERVICE:It can be a little uneven, though we find it mostly amusing. We were seated this time in the dining room, near the bar. The wait staff is off doing various things and completely out of sight. A hard thing to do considering the vast open expanse of the restaurant. LOLThey tend to drop off a dish and then get lost; only returning to the area to see if you are done. No water glass refills, no inquires to see if you want another drink, etcetera. After dropping off their signature pesto and bread, we were told absent-mindedly, "oh, it's our basil parmesan something-or-other". Really. LOLFOOD:The food is very good, with interesting layers for the palate. On this visit we started with the Fresh Mozzarella (photo)-- which comes with a yummy tomato jam with basil on top for only $4.00. Delicious. Then we each ordered a salad (photos) -- the Mediterranean that has couscous while the Butter Lettuce comes a' la BLT with gorgonzola cheese. The Med was huge, and large enough for two. It was only ten dollars though we added a chicken breast for an extra four dollars. We were less impressed with the Butter, since it came with only three small Bib lettuce leaves. It was very tasty, though small compared to the Med.  The wine selection is fairly large and fairly priced. See the photo of their huge transparent "Feature Wall" of wine by the bar. PRICES:You'll find some Old Town price creep with some items, but it's not too crazy. The above salads were in the $12 to $14 range which seem about right. The HH menu tends to be in the $6 to $8 range and is generous.  Our bill came in just over $40 and we had an email 25% off coupon. That is something we like about being on the Fox Concept email list. There's at least one coupon or promotion going a month. Nice!Enjoy!
4	The food was decent, drinks were good. Minus one star for the bartender that tried to over charge us for our drinks thinking we would be too buzzed to notice. Their cafe side has good mocha's.
4	I've had some very good meals at Olive & Ivy. I've had two dinners and a lunch here. This is one of my girlfriend's favorite FRCs but for me it falls closer to the bottom for some reason. It might be the menu options not being quite up my alley quite as much as some of the others but don't get me wrong it's still a great spot. The Patio is amazing, I had my favorite dinner out there. For an appetizer we got the artichoke hearts which were well done. Our waitress made a good recommendation on wine. I had the sea scallops which were cooked perfectly. The inside is very impressive as well. They have a market attached which has some good stuff in it. All in all a solid restaurant.
5	This place gets customer service! The little details make all the difference and they notice details.  The ambiance is energetic and rejuvenating and the concept is unique.  Love their food as well!
5	Food was awesome, atmosphere was awesome. Went with my daughter and we loved it. Only wish there was one in Denver.
3	Went for Sunday brunch after morning rains so the patio was closed. They should switch entrances so the restaurant comes before the market. Kinda confusing for the first time visitor.  The restaurant itself is very nicely decorated with a classy feel.  It's a varied clientele: I noticed tables that could've been from the Golden Girls to Real Housewives of Scottdale to Teen Mom, AZ.  I thought the food, while good, was not anything spectacular. Portions were pretty small for the price and there was not much by way of presentation to match the tag.  My sangria seemed a bit diluted.  Our waiter was being trained so I'll pardon his awkwardness as he tried to repeat everything he was supposed to memorize multiple times. I'd come back on a cool day to try HH out on the patio to people watch, but probably not for brunch.
3	This was my 3rd time here, so I knew what to expect.  there were 3 of us women & we went for lunch on a Wed.  We were seated immediately & given menus & water.  But no drink order was taken.  When our waiter arrived - same thing - he brought bread & pesto - after being asked.  But didn't ask for a drink order.  Brought out the bread - still no order.  Came back out & took our food order, but...you get the idea.  We shared the 3-bruchetta combo which was fresh & tasty.  I had the chopped chicken salad which was just OK.  Too much dressing on it which overpowered the tender chicken & the yummy, crunchy peanut granola on top.  The table was cleared & cleaned but we were never offered dessert or cookies, pastries, gelato, etc.  Our waiter kindly split our tab 3 ways...which would have been much bigger...had he ever offered us drinks or dessert.  Decent food but if I want average, offhand serivce, I can stay in Chandler & go to Chili's and spent a lot less $$$.
5	I can't rave enough about Olive & Ivy. At the recommendation from my broker, my mother and I went out to celebrate my move to Scottsdale. We walked up and were in awe of the high ceilings, the open floor plan, marketplace area, and really modern decor. We had made a reservation and headed out to the patio. The patio is sectioned off in to two sections: one as more of a lounge with big chairs and couches, while the other is more dining-appropriate. As we were seated the overhead lightbulb strands lit up along the waterfront, I was in absolute heaven. If I had been nervous about my move, this little setting put me completely at ease.      Our waiter (which I shall call the Lord of all Waiters) came to bring us water and ask if we wanted anything to drink, we had both decided on Sangria, and he encouraged us to get a pitcher--I always enjoy an enabler. While he brought back our pitcher and delicious, but not Too sweet Sangria, we ordered the Artichoke heart appetizer. He even had this split for us so we didn't have to portion the starter ourselves. The hand grated Parmesan, Artichoke hearts and arugula were outstanding. Both my mother and I had already started commenting on the greatness of the flavor combinations.       The Lord of Waiters stopped by frequently, asking about my trip, checking on our waters, refilling our Sangria as it got low, talking about Downtown Scottsdale....he really knew how to make us feel special. He then brought us house-made pesto and bread; I could've eaten the pesto as a meal in and of itself it was so fresh.        Finally, our entrees came out. My mother got the Sweet Potato Cannelloni while I opted to try the Sea Bass. As I ate my snow peas, sea bass and grapefruit combo in absolute contentment, I caught myself humming along to The Notorious B.I.G. this is when the greatest waiter of all time told us they have a DJ every night that spins great mixes (which I can attest to, I was constantly saying "I love this song!")     To top off our extravagant meal, we had a scoop of Vanilla Bean gelato to split. The Vanilla Bean was upfront, not overpowering but just right. We couldn't have asked for a more perfect meal (or waiter). I can't wait to start getting visitors so I can take them here and show this place off!
5	My husband and I shared bruschetta to start.  We enjoyed all three, but he particularly liked the Fresh Mozzarella (delicious fresh basil!!) and I liked the Prosciutto and Fig (rich, sweet, delicious!).  I had the Lasagna Bolognese with garlic bread.  The drizzle on top of the bread was so creamy with the perfect hint of garlic.  The lasagna itself was also very flavorful.  Fresh bread and pasta make a difference.  There was a lot of energy in restaurant with the lots of little groups of people chatting and enjoying dinner.  The service was also great.  Our server was very helpful with tips to help us make decisions on what to order.  We had a fun evening and a delicious meal.
4	Olive& Ivy is great! They have a restaurant and a marketplace, both of which offer tons of great food and drinks. This place is perfect for a date or a luncheon with some friends. Their bacon-wrapped dates...holy balls, talk about memorable. If you get lucky and the patio is open, sit outside for a completely different experience from what you'll get inside. Their patio furniture is adorable and sits on the water. Inside, the vibe is very trendy and upscale, while still remaining relatively casual. Overall, O&I is a great place to hit up after a long day at the mall, whether you want to sit down or grab-and-go.
4	I went here for a business dinner as it was close to where I had a meeting.  I was a little skeptical but once we met the hostess everything was top notch.  The cocktails were well prepared, the service staff was great.  The food came on time and one of our party sent something back and the manager personally delivered it to us with an apology.  great service and great Ribeye steak.
3	Olive & Ivy...Ambiance is fantastic. Just walking in you feel like you are in a place to enjoy friends, drinks and good food. The outside seating area is actually my favorite. Although it can be hot in the summer evenings it's totally worth dealing with the heat. I gave this place 3 stars because of 1 thing. I ordered the veal raviolis when I was there. The taste was great, but for $18 the portion was more like a small appetizer. That was a bummer to say the least. I left there and had to get something else to eat later which I just don't do. Bump up the portions guys...then I give the place 5 stars.
4	I have been here a handful of times. It's in a convenient location where you can get soem shopping done or grab a drink in Old Town after. The restaurant has a good vibe; great modern decor. The wait staff and hosts/hostesses are incredibly attentive. Bonus: they are crazy good looking too. The last time I ate here, I was with 4 other girls. One of my friends broke her sandal and I asked the host if we could have some tape. Bonus points to him for giving us Velcro. We had an Open Table rezzie so we were seated right away in the dining room. I will have to ask to sit outside next time when it cools down...We ordered much needed wine and cocktails and started off with the bruschetta. It was super tasty, seasoned perfectly and was great to share with the girls. The girls ordered shrimp and grits and salads and other dishes I can't remember off the top of my head but I went with the scallops. Moral of the story: great, fresh food and at a decent price. I didn't have room for dessert but we ordered gelato for the table. The waiter messed up on the number of scoops but that was the only thing that went wrong. Everyone cleaned their plates and was swooning over their meals. I think on the weekends they have a DJ right in the entrance, the music was actually pretty good but not sure if it fits with the crowd. There were very few people/tables who were our age (mid 20's) If you're in OT, check this place out.
4	Had a fantastic experience dining at Olive & Ivy! Believe it or not, we even thoroughly enjoyed dining outside in the August Scottsdale swelter- their misting system works amazingly well.Went with my daughter and two of her friends- and I totally loved this place! I liked the high ceilings, the cozy decor, the lighting, and the marketplace feel of the interior... Because of numerous raves on yelp, we ordered the bacon wrapped dates for an appetizer. It's true, they are totally fabulous- not to be missed! I had chicken scaloppini, which was delicious- perfectly prepared, and served with just the right amount of sauce and Mediterranean olives. The girls all ordered pasta dishes- raved about, and then subsequently demolished them. There wasn't one crumb of food left on anyone's plate! The focaccia bread with pesto is wonderful, and they have a great wine list here. I had a glass of Syrah from Washington state, which was thankfully served at the right temperature and was very nicely balanced. We were celebrating one of my daughter's friend's birthdays, so our delightful waiter brought us a complimentary dessert- an "ice cream bar," which had ice cream, marshmallow, and lots of rich, luscious chocolate. It was totally delicious, and reminded us of a s'more.Olive & Ivy is a nice place to people watch- the patio fronts the waterfront, and reminded me of a sidewalk cafe in Europe. I will definitely be back- only wish we had an Olive & Ivy in Tucson!
5	Amazing place. Great atmosphere and service.  The bacon wrapped dates were fabulous.  Highly recommend this place!!
4	Dining outside in the patio in July end in Phoenix may seem unthinkeable but it works at this place. Very good location and quite busy on a Friday night makes hanging out here quite fun. And the misters work! For food we had the pesto flatbread and meatballs as appetisers and they were very good. Everyone also liked their main course- the sea bass, the risotto, the lasagna and the salmon. However, all good going on's have a but.... in this case it is the dessert. We tried the souffle, the honey cake and cheesecake and in all cases I can say I have had better. But overall it was a good experience,
4	Although I haven't been back to O&I, I was contacted by a fox rep and they were very courteous and made things right after my bad experience. I go to Blanco and Culinary Dropout frequently and will probably try North this time around. Thanks FOX!
4	When for brunch... Solid food, good service, and the interior is beautiful.  There is a grab-and-go market with sandwiches and pastries.  Good wine, beer and drink menu.  You pay a little extra for being at Scottsdale Fashion Square.
4	It was our three year anniversary and we were Treated with kindness and amazing customer Service.  Olive and Ivy was top notch in all aspects of service.  Thanks for letting me Share.  I will be returning for some more delicious dinning.
4	Our waiter introduced the restaurant as a Mediterranean/Italian restaurant with a twist. As best I can tell, the "twist" was the lack of Italian dishes on the menu!Good drinks, great food, prompt service and a nice atmosphere at Scottsdale prices - need I say more?
5	We came here with some new friends today for brunch after church, I was very impressed with the quality of food, service and atmosphere. The perfect type of place to go for brunch or lunch. I had the breakfast burrito which was great and topped it off with a couple of fresh mimosas!
4	My daughter and I were staying at the Phoenician and went to Olive and Ivy by their recommendation. Good fresh food. Fun vibe and wonderful service!
5	This restaurant was not a disappointment. We had an awesome waiter who was very attentive and the food we had was awesome! Make sure to start with the artichoke salad. Soooooo good!
4	Another FOX restaurant just like True Food Kitchen.  We tried this out for both a brunch and a dinner.  Both did not disappoint...  Everything was fresh and clean tasting, and the services was very good for breakfast.  The service for dinner was much slower and not as responsive, but we can chalk that up to a busy night, and maybe their expectation that people will just be setting around socializing.Be sure to order coffee.  It has to be some of the best coffee I have had...
5	I was very pleased with my last dining experience as I was introducing 4 new diners to the restaurant.  We were greeted at the entrance by your cheerful hostess staff and seated in the Stamp Room which was perfect for this group.   The noise level was moderate and we could converse without hearing the background noise from the bar and kitchen areas.  Yasiin was our server.  He has a welcoming smile and was very attentive to our needs throughout the dinner.  Thank you for the complimentary birthday desserts!  I do believe you will have 4 new repeat diners from this experience.
2	Not a fan.  The food was good, but it only had 9 bites total in my bowl.  I ate 4 rations of bread to fill up and used the sauce from my pasta.  Scottsdale prices, McDonald's dollar menu portions. Walk across the street and go to The Herb Box.
3	Had a wonderful dinner here with friends out on the patio by the canal. It was super relaxing. Love the christmas lights yay! I had a simple lettuce salad and fig flatbread, which were both wonderful. For desert our party ordered the pound with apricots which was very meh to say the least. Either that or pound cake just sucks. It might be the latter. It was super dry. We got a scoop of vanilla ice cream with it which we were all fighting over. Definitely would go with a simple two scoops next time and leave it at that. Oh yea, and loved the wine and drink selection and our very knowledgable waitress.
4	Awesome place even for vegetarians! I m a vegetarian who takes no egg, no meat, no fish. And this place served awesome pesto and bread :) we ordered flat bread - veg, bruschetta - veg. It was all great!! The waitress here are good too, she helped us make our choices. Fine dine, with great ambience. A must try place :)
4	Great Atmosphere!! We always go sit on the patio for drinks. Very nice :) I think the food here is good, but it's overpriced, in my opinion (which of course this review is ;) ). We come here often just for the atmosphere and sangria. Pitcher of sangria is $20, which I think is a good deal here.
4	Went here on a Friday night after work with a friend. Made a reservation easily with Open Table and was seated immediately. The atmosphere was very nice. I really liked the place. The waiter we had was friendly and helped us decide what to get. Simply put, great bruschetta and great drinks. Definitely going here again.
5	So, so yummy! I love sitting outside!
5	GREAT customer service, our waiter was awesome! My friend brought me for lunch the other day and she has been before, so she did the ordering and I loved everything we had.  The Mediterranean salad was very flavorful and really was a great salad (a great salad is one of my favorite things in life), the hot peach tea was so delicious, the bacon wrapped dates were so good, they were different than any other I have had and I liked their take on them.  The red pepper and the arugula really made it interesting.  I like the bread and pesto a lot! I look forward to coming back!
4	Nice place to stop in every once in a while.
5	Went for dinner on a Friday night with a girlfriend when we were visiting from out of town.  We had a res outside and when they went to seat us, someone had mistakenly sat at our seats so we had to stand around and wait less than 5 min.  Shared the sangria to start.  We then had small portions of both the beet and mediterranean salad.  Both were excellent.  I had the mushroom tortellini and my friend a seafood dish - scallops maybe?  The food was all amazing and Robert, our server, was a sweetheart.  We then asked where we could find some fruit to buy to eat before our hike in the morning.  They actually brought us a bag of fruit on them because we had to wait a few minutes for our table, after already getting a sincere apology. Awesome place!
5	I can't wait to come back here. Everything I had was delicious. My favorite part might be the pesto sauce for dipping...We had brushetta, the soup (it was something with cauliflower in it), the proscuitto flat bread, and the gnocchi. All of it was so good, I can't pick a favorite. They also have a great wine list. Our serve was fantastic, attentive, and had great suggestions for us.
2	Eggs Benedict:  meh - kinda dry biscuit, potatoes were tasteless and strangely uniformely sized cubesLatte:  goodNice space and service was good.  Maybe come back, maybe not.
4	Great food with a great environment.  Grab a few cocktails, great food and people watch
4	Excellent meal, with good service in a fantastic outdoor setting along the canal.
2	This place was a huge disappointment. I went here because of all the stellar reviews on Yelp. Yelpers-- you steered me wrong. I ordered the eggs Benedict. The description said it had shaved ham and basil hollandaise sauce. The waitress made a point of telling me that the "over easy" eggs would be very runny. Ok...Well I thought it was odd that they weren't poached, but went with it since I know Benedict includes a runny egg--It is part of what makes then delicious. I was also eager to try the bread since they made a point of mentioning that all their bread was baked in house. Boy, was I in for a big disappointment!The Benedict arrived. It was two Thomas' English muffins with deli meat ham and the basil hollandaise was just sauce garnished with basil. The eggs were not runny--they were raw. I mean the egg whites were raw!The waitress seemed startled when I sent it back, but was truly great about it. But...I think you can guess what happened next...It came back with over-cooked eggs...think hard boiled! At this point, I was starving, so I just went with it. The waitress noticed that I wasn't eating much so she didn't charge me.So...I give them 5 stars for service, but 1 star for food.I will say that it is a nice setting and I would go back for a drink, but not much more.  Thank you to the stellar wait staff for somewhat redeeming the experience!That being said, I was just visiting the area so I won't likely be back.
5	I've been here a couple of times.  The food is delicious and the ambience is great.  I highly recommend it.
4	A bunch of my friends surprised me with a birthday dinner here and I was impressed.  We got the whole back room to ourselves and this place was booming!I started off with two Moscow Mules and they were reallllll good.  Liked that they put in a little more lime.  The dinner was great and everyone had something different.  I had the chicken scaloppini and it hit the spot.  They let us bring in our own cupcakes, ya know this dude has a sweet tooth. Really enjoyed our experience and I dunno about you, but I'm coming back!
1	Be Careful !!   Went Thursday Late afternoonNice AtmosphereOur Server was AngelaMy wife asked for a glass of house red  wineAngela said " We don't have house wines"She suggested the featured wine,To our surprise it was $15 for a very small glassall the wines on the menu were $7-$8 dollars She never mentioned "the Drink special wines at $5 at glass availableWe got hustledWe also had the Fritto MistoTo call it Very Average is being generousWE wisely didn't stay for Dinner
4	Great place to chill and dine with their nice patio. The service was great. The food was delicious and appropriately priced.
4	My wife and u enjoyed our dinner here. We had great service and enjoyed the food. I look forward to going back.
5	We stopped in for lunch and I have to say...seriously impressed!  We had to wait 15 minutes for a table but I'm glad the wait didn't deter us from eating here. We just took a short stroll along the water area and by the time we came back, our table was ready. I LOVED the ambiance of this restaurant.  Very rustic decor, open kitchen, large dining and bar area and near the entrance; a section with bench seating with low coffee tables where patrons seemed to be enjoying cocktails and appetizers. I later discovered this was part of the bar. Very chic.  Even with high ceilings and openness of this restaurant, it was still very welcoming.  We were seated near the entrance to the outdoor patio so while we didn't sit outdoors, we felt like we were dining el fresco. This time of the year in Scottsdale is wonderful so we could not be any happier with where we were seated. I ordered a Bloody Mary extra spicy and a margherita pizza (err flatbread) for lunch. The cocktail was made PERFECTLY and had a nice little kick to it...just how I like it.  The margherita pizza was absolutely delicious as well. The crust was thin, light and had great flavor and the toppings just made it that much more irresistible.  I didn't think I would be able to finish the entire pizza but I somehow did. I just could not stop myself, it was that tasty.After complimenting our waitress (which I forgot her name (sorry!) on how great the service and food was, we discovered this is owned by the same company that manages True Food Kitchen, one of our favorite restaurants. We would come back here in a heartbeat....but since this is in Scottsdale and not in San Diego, it will be tough to get back here when we're craving you. So, can you please open an Olive & Ivy out here?
5	My mother and I ate there last week, and everything was fantastic!  The homemade pasta dishes were incredible, and we also loved our bacon wrapped dates and the bread and pesto.  To top it off, our server was very friendly and made a lot of good recommendations.  Finally, the patio is nice and has a good view of the canal.  I can't wait to go back!
2	Was here for a quick 2 hour Happy Hour thingy. The patio is great with lots of tables and a firepit in the corner. They have a special happy Hour menu, but watch out for the Brushetta part. The prices at $3 are attractive, but they are only giving you $3 worth of food, not a Happy Hour deal or anything. The pumpkin/Hazelnut cheese concoction wasn't even good, moreorless worth the $3 it cost for one slice of bread cut up into three pieces. Are you really that freakin cheap people? It was unhappy Hour in terms of food, but they had AZ craft beers for $5 at HH and although that isn't a great deal, it's the best you can find in this upscale happy hour, which should be renamed. Waitress was nice and staff was polite, but also an aging crowd was hanging out at the bar if your into grey, then head that way.
3	Bruschetta (pumpkin and kale) = excellentBruschetta (mozzarella) = excellent.Lamb gyro = so so Misto frito = good but not greatService = so so
5	The food was simply delicious! We started with the homemade hummus. This was no ordinary hummus. It was filled with yummy veggies and goat cheese. We were then given the focaccia with a pesto spread. Very tasty, but the best was for last. The sweet potato cannelloni was one of the best dishes I have ever had. We also had the goat cheese and duck tortellini. This was very good as well. Great combination of flavors. The atmosphere was fun with open air seating.
3	Trendy and located right on the Scottsdale "waterfront", its a typical fox-con restaurant.  Our service was great. We were seated promptly at our reservation time. Our waiter was helpful with menu recommendations and a little too attentive to our drink.  we had a starter consisting of a pile of fried food.  All of it was pretty good, but nothing special.  I had a chicken dish. If was fried but the breading was a little soggy. My lady-friends sea bass suffered the same problems as the skins were not crispy in the slightest.  Overall, this is probably more of a place to be seen than a place to actually enjoy the food.
3	You walk in to impressive decor and a friendly hostess. Server was also friendly and helpful. My appetizer was tasty and arrived quickly. .  The Caesar salad was too cheesy for my taste and the lasagna was more sauce than noodles. I did like the cherry sorbet...
5	We had a pre-Thanksgiving lunch with the family. Loved the new seasonal menu. The Kale Salad was delicious with the addition of Ahi Tuna - perfectly seered! Never disappoints!
5	Great place to go on a Friday night! Make a reservation though this place gets busy. Loved everything we ate. Great fungi bruschetta, margarita flatbread, and natural chicken with mushrooms and potatoes gnocchi. Yum! Great Chardonnay too
5	Had dinner here this evening with some family from out of town. Stellar. Split the Fresh Mozzarella, Fig & Prosciutto and Manchego Bruschetta. All wonderful. The guys both ordered the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin, sister-in-law ordered the scallops and I ordered the spicy shrimp risotto. I had a bite of each and believe me when I say you can't go wrong with any of those entrees! Our server was friendly and made lots of recommendations and my boyfriend and sister-in-law both agreed the bartender made a mean Dirty Martini:) Overall a solid experience. Atmosphere feels upscale while still being casual, we'll definitely be back!
5	Back again for a girls day lunch, again it was great.  We ordered bruschetta this time and a Charcuterie plate, also the artichoke hearts and dates.  Everything was great, the three bruschettas we has were amazing! The manchego and chorizo was my fav, but they were all great.  The artichokes were so yummy, they were garlicy and I loved it.  The charcuterie were so amazing, the prosciutto was out of this world.
2	Overpriced most dishes look slopped on the plate. Typical Scottsdale.
5	This resto has "meal of your life" potential! To start, the bread and pesto is to die for. I ordered the half caesar salad, and my loving girlfriend had the half beet salad. Both were nice presentations and incredibly tasty. For main I had the goat cheese tortelli. Will not lie, one of the best meals ever. The duck confit was cooked to perfection. Very tasty and well worth the price. GF had lasagna, and it was just as good as the tortelli. Highly recommend this place...will return!
3	This place is still going strong after all these years.  The decor is beautiful and the bar area is a fun place to hang out.  This last visit I just had a cup of coffee and an  OK butter or olive oil cake for dessert.
5	One of my favorite restaurants!! The pesto is amazing! Cool cocktails and entrees.  Sweet potato canneloni is super yummy!! Love the ambiance of this place.  Have always had great service here too.
4	We got to the restaurant early but we could not be saeted for one hour . There is a beautiful lounge next to the waterfront.thecwaitress was attentive but it was cold wecrequested that the  heater get turned on but itvran out of gas. The fish we ordered was good but portion was small I had to order extra bread to get filled up. The c italian soup I ordered eas good but look warm. I akso tried their lasagna better portion but wery salty. The service was good at all times
4	This is a much needed update review for Olive & Ivy, the initial 3.5-star rating has been long passed to a very solid 4-star! I can't count how many times I have been back here, for many different occasions, Olive & Ivy has always been one of the top choices for its food, ambiance, service and location. I always enjoyed the beginning course of bread and pesto dip/sauce, the latest addition of the ribeye seems to be one of our favorites by the group of friends. Look forward to my next visit :)
5	Olive & Ivy EQUALS utter bliss. Highlights for Erin on Saturday evening:1. Door immediately held open for me and a nice, warm welcome2. Immediate seating (sans servervations) at Chef's Table - which held my attention quite nicely w/my adult onset ADD3. Pleasant server who sincerely looked like she loved her job4. Frequent check-ins without being a pestering fly5. GREAT food (I had the chopped salad w/chicken) and smooth champs served in a gorgeous flute6. Fab ppl watching7. Packed restaurant, but acoustics worked well as I could still maintain a good volley of conversation w/my friend.
5	Just happened upon this place while traveling to Arizona to visit my parents.  Wow!  The ambiance is great and the food is even better.  We started with the bacon wrapped date small plate which was one of the most delicious tasting things I have "ever" eaten.  I highly highly recommend ordering this item, you won't  be disappointed.  We followed this with the kale salad and the funghi trifolati flatbread, both of which were made of very fresh ingredients, many of which were organic.  I will definitely be back here next time I'm in town.
5	Immediately seated. Free flow of fresh bread with an olive dipping to die for. Got the sweet potato cannelloni (as recommended by server). Didn't regret my decision. Others on my table got the lasagna and the flatbread which were both equally tasty. Great ambience too. Should definitely stop by if you're in the area. It's a mix of Mediterranean food with a Californian twist.
4	With 500+ Reviews, Most of all it has been said but I will offer this:Fox Concepts Restaurants consistently pulls off a memorable, pleasant experience that is tasty, full of quality and will, occasionally, have a memorable service experience.  All restaurants have their ups & downs, but Olive & Ivy is consistently good, innovative and the atmosphere is quite nice; inside or outside.Drinks are tasty, Scallopini and Cannelloni are both just Yum!  Never had a bad experience here.Overall Rating: 4.5 StarsService: 4.1 StarsFood: 4.6 Stars Quality: 4.5 StarsCleanliness: 4.2 StarsValue: 3.9 Stars
5	We made a reservation on NYE, and we're seated right on time. We are from Chicago and wasn't sure what to expect but we really enjoyed the atmosphere. There was a limited menu for NYE but that didn't matter, started with hummus and bruschetta trio.... AMAZING!!!!!!!! She had chicken scallopini so good, I found my knife and fork drifting over a few times. I ordered the sea scallops which were hands down the best scallops I have ever had and Chicago isn't short on seafood dining. We cannot wait to return to try out their full menu. To add we sat outside on the patio, and again being from Chicago and able to be dining outside on Dec 31 was amazing. Plenty of patio heaters and the patio is so beautiful at night with the water right there. Fire pits I'm sure are not active in summer months but were a very nice touch.
5	Make a reservation!  We knew this place was good, because as we darted over to the only available lounge table, we saw Charles Barkley walk out!  I tried to be cool about it, but failed.I also failed being cool about the complimentary fresh focaccia bread and pesto they bring out, because the waitress brought us another round.I ordered the gnocchi with duck confit, and it was absolutely stunning.  I tried telling my husband it was terrible, but my face betrayed me...he ate half.  Which was OK, because I got to eat half of his dish, which I remember as some sort of seafood with risotto, and the best-tasting cherry tomatoes I have had, outside of my grandmother's back yard.Then, we ordered three scoops of very good gelato from their counter (for only $5!).  Oreo cheesecake gelato?  Yes.Excellent food, top to bottom, and not as expensive as it could be.  Please go, but again, make a reservation.
4	Very, very nice!    Went for New Year's Day lunch and the place was packed so service was a bit strained but understandably.   Wish there would have been tables available on the patio as it's gorgeous out there.  Nevertheless the interior is also very attractive.  The warm foccacia bread with pesto was awesome and complimentary.   We had an amazing butternut squash and shrimp soup to take the chill out on a cold afternoon.   My husband had the goat cheese and duck confit tortellini (fresh), I had the lasagna bolognese and my son had the salmon.  All were perfectly cooked.   For dessert we shared the cheesecake.  The only thing we found odd was that the lasagna was served in a bowl and the cheesecake in a mason type jar.  Nevertheless the flavors were there!  We will be back to check out the dinner menu for sure.
5	I've been to nearly all the Fox Restaurants, and this one is my fav.
1	Made a reservation for 7:15pm. Got there at 7:20. Was super loud!!!! Was told I could be seated and then given a pager and told it would be a 5 minute wait. 30 minutes later I still wasn't seated and I gave back the pager and left. WTF?  Why make a reservation if it is meaningless???I'm over overrated noisey overpriced Fox restaurants. Bye bye
1	Me and my girlfriend went to try Olive and Ivy for our anniversary dinner. Let me warn you that both me and my girlfriend woke up with upset stomachs after dining here. We ordered three different types of bruschetta and a duck tortelli plate. I am not too sure how this restaurant has almost five stars as this restaurant served the worst tasting mediterranean food I have ever tasted before. Olive and Ivy is a sad excuse for a high end restaurant with inexperienced chefs that do not even know how to cook food the right way.Apart from the food horrible tasting food, the restaurant staff was very nice and friendly. If you are looking for good mediterranean food, save your money and go to Pita Jungle. Try to avoid restaurants owned or managed by Fox Restaurant Concepts. This is the second restaurant that I had been to managed by Fox Restaurant Concepts leaving me unsatisfied and with an upset stomach the day after. It seems that management tries to cut costs by hiring young inexperienced chefs serving low quality food.
4	First table they gave us was in front of the band.  Why have a band blasting at like 7PM on a friday night?  No one goes here to dance, they come here for dinner.  We are a young couple and like music, but it was so loud we couldn't converse.  Totally inappropriate for the atmosphere. We told the waiter we were leaving.Instead, he said he could get us a quiet table.  He found us a spot in the marketplace, which although it felt like a closet, it was at least a calm closet.  We had glasses of wine (reasonably priced), I had a kale salad which was amazing (first time ive liked kale to be honest), and my gf had some kind of fish dish.  Good food!  Like it.  Ditch the band.
5	One of the best pork dishes ever. My wife's ribeye was outstanding. All the food was top shelf. My favorite in Phoenix will go back next time I'm in town. A little noisy but everything else was so good.
5	My favorite place in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area! Ordered from appetizers to entrees to dessert and it was excellent! Really recommend the bacon-wrapped dates and lamb meatballs for appetizers. Be sure to try the sea bass too! They also have about every flavor gelato ever.
5	I absolutely love this place. The ambience inside is swanky, classy, and unique with wonderful friendly service. Our waiter was fantastic.I was pleasantly astounded by how amazingly delicous the bruschetta was. Definitely pick 3 for $11 to try as many as possible! We got the proscuitto &fig, manchego, and butternut squash. I was in culinary heaven. I'm not even that interested in bruschetta, but these are an absolute must-get here. They were each an explosion of impressively creative flavors.From the Small Plates menu we had the Artichoke Hearts, which was a fresh and yummy arugula salad. I was initially most excited about the Lamb meatballs- but this dish was the least tasty and we could've passed on it. We had the Kale Salad from the Greens section which was very good as well. I liked that they allow half order of salads when you order an entree since when forced to decide between getting a salad and a hearty meal, my vegetable serving of the meal normally loses the battle.From the Pasta section... omg the Sweet Potato Cannelloni... disclaimer: I love most things made of sweet potato, but this was truly a delicious dish with soft sweet potato center wrapped in pasta, with a creamy mushroom and spinach sauce. We couldn't finish it since we had ordered so much, and I very happily finished the rest as breakfast in bed as my first agenda of the next day.Overall, one of the best meals I've had of late. Compliments to the chef for a creative and delicious menu.
2	Applebee'sesque, below average to average with poorly trained ASU wait staff.
5	While visiting Phoenix we happened upon this fabulous restaurant with amazing food and service! Josh P., our incredible server, gave excellent advice on the menu and knew the perfect balance for taking care of us without hovering.  The ambiance was perfect!  The bruschetta was outstanding... The artichoke "small plate" had great flavor.....the focaccia and pesto was absolutely delicious.  Then the main courses...we had three: the chicken scallipini, sea bass, and sweet potato cannelloni.  Every taste was a work of art!   Kuddos to chef Chris and his team of culinary artists...and to Josh P. for making the meal more like an EVENT.  We will be back!!
5	This is one of my favorite Fox concepts. The atmosphere on the patio during the mild weather seasons is to die for! The service is always incredible. The break and pesto before the meal is what I look forward to. I can eat just that alone!I am biased towards the veal ravioli mainly because I'm a picky eater. It is truly delicious though. The potato and prosciutto flatbread is also a must have.
5	I will never be over the goat cheese tortellini. SO GOOD!!!
4	This restaurant was surprisingly really good. I've found that a lot of the restaurants in Scottsdale are either pretty or have high quality food, but Olive and Ivy offer both. I recommend coming here for a birthday or special event. (They also offer vegetarian options!)
5	This was one of my favorite restaurants during my visit to Arizona. Don't skip the mouthwatering lamb meatballs and bacon wrapped dates (loved the fresh bread and sauce with the meatballs).  For entrees we shared the sea bass and sweet potato cannelloni. Both were delicious but I preferred the cannelloni-- the pasta had both wonderful flavor and texture. We were stuffed but had to try the house made gelato and the peanut butter pudding. I loved the dark chocolate gelato and the coconut- the espresso was just ok and didn't have the best texture.  The peanut butter pudding was tasty but very rich and heavy.Be sure to make a reservation as it can get quite crowded on weekends. We came a hoping to be seated a bit early and there was no space at the bar. Servers were quick and attentive. I was impressed by how quickly food came out even though it was so busy.
2	The place is beautiful and the small plates quite well done, but how can the offer a lasagne Bolognese that is closer to chili with a few pieces do pasta arranged in a bowl? And since when is cannelloni a rectangular ravioli? And although the waitress was attentive, our water glasses were never refilled! Too bad because we had high hopes after we read most reviews.
4	This restaurant has real quality food. The food tastes great and the ambience is nice. The only thing that I wish they could change is to have their waiter come by our table less. The waitress literally came by our table asking:"Is everything all right?" at least 8 times. Just a tad bit less would be fine.
5	Sunday brunch was amazing. The service was fast and kind. The food was fresh and hot. The outdoor patio was super relaxing.
1	I live a block away from this place. I walk by it all the time and it seems to be busy all the. Time. I ate there few times but I'm yet to find a good item on their menu. The food is terrible. It is a beautiful place in terms of design and the staff are always nice but if you want good food don't even bother .
2	Food is ok . It has nice patio and decor, friendly stuff. I do not understand  why it's so busy all the time......
4	Walking into Olive & Ivy, I knew I was going to love it. The ambiance is trendy with high ceilings, unique fixturing, and a large patio. The menu is gluten free friendly, with notations on the primary menu. To start we got the hummus with veggies. The hummus was not too creamy and not too oily. It came with cucumbers, tomatoes, and onions on top. We really enjoyed it. For my dinner, I got the sea scallops with sweet polenta and Brussel sprouts. The scallops were perfectly cooked and the polenta was a sweet and flavorful addition. It was a pretty light and flavorful dish. I would definitely come back if I'm in the area. The menu has many healthy options to try!
5	My favorite place for any meal! I always take anyone who comes in town to this place. Love breakfast, brunch, lunch AND dinner here.
5	Loved this place! It was our anniversary and they did not disappoint. The calamari/shrimp appetizer was the best I've had. I had the goat cheese tortelli pasta and my boyfriend had the steak and they were both delicious. The steak was a little on the expensive side but worth it. Patio is a nice atmosphere and the cocktails are unique and delicious. Overall we were both impressed, and my boyfriend is very picky! And the bread and pesto is great too.
5	Our last night in Arizona was at Olive and Ivy. The server was Sarah and she was excellent. The restaurant held our reservation promptly even though things were hopping on a Friday night. Food was very good too.  Cannot go wrong IMHO.  Not gourmet food, but a fun, vibrant place with good food and (for us) a great server.
5	This place had amazingly good food and service! We went there Saturday night and had an amazing experience from the start to the end. We made reservations a week in advance and highly recommend doing it otherwise you most likely will have to wait.
5	I love this place! They have a gluten free menu which is great for those allergic, super convenient. I eat here all the time!
4	Always good food.  They have a limited menu but probably our favorite in the FOX concept restaurants.
5	Wow! One of the best meals we've had ever in our travels! Everyone in our group of 4 LOVED their meal.  We recommend bacon wrapped dates, the Tortellini, chicken scaloppine, bacon wrapped pork tenderloin and the butternut squash cannelloni.  All amazing flavor s and perfectly prepared. Table on patio overlooking waterfront with beautiful outdoor lighting. Impeccable service --- REALLY. Thank you Sarah for making or evening so special. Nice wine list by the glass.
3	One of my favorite fox concepts.Great open air restaurant and outside seating area.The pesto with bread appetizer is really good, brunch is best here and the breakfast sandwich is off the hook.The mushroom flat bread with truffle oil is my favorite thing at olive and ivy and service was good.
5	LOVE their home made gelato! Great scallop & fish dishes. Good home made pesto, though bread served with it could be better (maybe a more rustic, crusty, flavorful bread). Fantastic location by the water.
5	I love the ambiance and atmosphere of this place! The food was excellent. The only slight downfall is the limited menu options. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone and will revisit!
4	Excellent choice for a good dinner on their patio.  High on my list of patio restaurants.
5	Yummy food! Beautiful atmosphere. Don't miss the pesto and bread and my two favorites which are big enough to split the Mediterranean salad with chicken and the sweet potato cannelloni! Literally olive and ivy is the best. Oh and while the weather is beautiful sit on the patio
5	My favorite restaurant in Scottsdale when looking for a fantastic outdoor dining atmosphere. It has such a beautiful patio with nice trees, comfortable seating, firepits and heaters for the chilly nights, all while overlooking the Scottsdale Waterfront. Wonderful to enjoy a glass of wine or a great meal. My favorite entree is the Tuna! Excited to go back soon!
3	Food is OK, but it has a distinct chain restaurant feel that you might expect from a Fox restaurant, which has about 50 location in Arizona and a few other Western states. The service was good, and the food wasn't bad, but if you don't want to feel like you're at a Cheesecake Factory, I wouldn't recommend it.
2	I have a couple of issues with this place, so I will start with the food first. Myself and my wife met a couple friends here for brunch last weekend. I made the mistake of ordering the "Potato Hash", which turned out to be one of the worst things I've ever eaten period. It's a simple breakfast of eggs over easy, sausage gravy and hash brown potato's. My plate came out with two eggs that had been cooked so long that they were both hard and dry. There wasn't a lick of moisture left in them. The server noticed that the eggs were ruined, and promptly had more made for me. The sausage gravy was terrible. It was some weird super oily concoction that neither resembled gravy nor sausage, which made my burnt potato's even worse. Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish. My second issue was my reservation. I made a reservation three days in advance for 11:30am on the patio through "OpenTable". The day before my reservation the restaurant called to confirm everything for the next day. When we arrived, the hostess quickly seated us inside. I explained that my reservation was for the patio. She told us to wait and she would go find out. Several minutes later she came back and informed me that since I made my reservation through "OpenTable", that my request couldn't be honored. WTH? I was told that if you want to sit on the patio, you need to call the restaurant direct, even though on OpenTable there is a box for, wait for it, special requests! Fortunately since I have no desire to return to this typical chain restaurant, I wont need to call the restaurant direct. P.S. I only gave it two stars because of the speed at which the server saw the two hockey pucks on my plate and corrected it.
1	TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.  After reading all the rave reviews, my girlfriends and I made a dinner reservation two months in advance for my bachelorette party. When we arrived on a Saturday night the hostesses were dismissive and couldn't find our reservation, even though someone had called to confirm it the day before. The hostess wouldn't even acknowledge my friend, so the rest of us headed to the bar for a drink (the bartender and the drinks are the only reason I gave one star). Eventually our reservation was located and we we were seated outside next to the dumpster. It was a very windy night and the smells from the dumpster and the cold were such a turn off - we asked our waitress to be moved, she left and never returned (after dropping off water for half our party). The hostesses continued to be unhelpful and the manager was even worse!  He just scratched his head and couldn't figure out what to do.   Lastly, some other friends not at dinner had ordered champagne for the table, had their credit card charged and as we left none of the waitstaff or manager had any record of this, no apologies...a week later my friend is still disputing the charge.  This is probably the worst dining experience I've ever had...with no actual dining involved!We left, walked to Cowboy Chao....AMAZING!!  Great service, fun atmosphere and delicious food!
3	Really nice place and good food. Happy hour is really good just a little weird the patio division for happy hour and non happy hour. And yes regular section had a more better service as far as attention. I enjoy my self just wish services was a little more attentive I got the wrong bill for my table and then my to go meal was giving to another table. but over all is a nice spot.
1	Hey Fox concepts: Is it your concept to be consistently Rude to customers.Wake Up.  This is strike 2 for this restaurant. I will not bring my customers again. You have to have a meeting of you hostesses wait staff and management.Last Thursday I walked in with 3 peaple. I was told 3 times that is 5:00 and no happy hr on the patio  with tables So Ok rude hostess.... fine. The waitress... 3 times are you dinning. Wine appetizers then we shall see.  She did not like that answer and rudely sat us. The appetizers were very Small and just Ok. We had 2 bottles of wine but the waitress kept  on asking about food to the point where we decided to have dinner else ware. We are locals fox not Snowbirds. Today I walked in at 11:30 we were 4 peaple. Same attitude.  Sorry their is  an 1/12/ hr wait . We only take reservations and you do not have one.Hardly anyone was on the patio at that time......A manager walk by and asked how we were doing . I said Not Ok . And she just ignored my comment and walked on her very busy way.My 1st time customers and friends reminded me that their is Plenty of restaurants in the are that want our bussiness.So we left....  To note ... Fox . That we told this story to a neighboring restaurant and he agreed that you guys Turn Off more people and that's great for this bussness. If you care this was at 11:30 today.. Check the time sheets ..... I doubt if I will give you a 3 rd time because My Time is valuable also ...
3	The decor is very nice.  The patio has a lot of trees which is a nice change around here.  Love the little lights all over the place.The bread and pesto is delicious.  There is a bit of salt on the crust part of the bread so make sure you leave some fleshy bit to eat with it or it will be too salty.  For entrees we chose lasagna and pepperoni and sausage flatbread.  The lasagna is a bit too sweet for my taste and the sauce may have been too salty.  The garlic bread that comes with it was a little overladen with oil/butter.  It isn't the worst I've ever had, but nothing really to write home about.  The meat actually kind of reminded me of Chef Boyardi...  The pizza was solid.  The crust is very thin.  Nothing too special there.Dessert was coconut cakes with blood orange gelato and the cheesecake.  The coconut cakes were 2 pieces of dense bits with a scoop of gelato in between.  It was pretty good though I wonder if vanilla ice cream would have been a better choice.  They also had a smear of something that was neither attractive nor additive in any way that I noticed.  The gelato was nice anyway with good flavor.  The cheesecake tasted not so much cakey but just like a very mild cheese.  I've never been a fan of graham cracker crustless cheesecake either.  So I imagine we'll come back here and there, but there's really nothing that will make me crave this place.  The food is solidly decent, but nothing overwhelmingly great that we've tried.  The decor is beautiful though.  Pricing is about average though some of the portions may be slightly on the small side.
5	Great outdoor patio.  Celebrating a BD with a friend.  They let us order a desert and then offered one to us free.  Very nice.  It really was her BD.  Food was great and service was excellent.
5	We had a reservation for two, they took us straight back right on time. The patio is awesome! Right on the water and lots of trees! We had the bruschetta appetizer and it was great! Great stiff drinks! Our server was great. Definitely a place worth checking out.
1	Worst experience I have had. Their manager had no concept of how to work with customers. There was a misunderstanding about our reservation time and all he would say is "read the contract" . He had no authority to address the issue. We will never go to this restaurant again.
5	3rd time here in as many years. This has become a regular stop during our Spring Training visits. Love the location. We have sat outside which I prefer but this visit we were inside in a booth however the entire from of the dining area opens to the outside. Service was excellent and attentive. We ended up with 4 different dishes between my girlfriend and I. We started with bacon wrapped dates, good! Then the beet salad which had a wonderful variety of flavors. We shared a piccante flatbread which was great. Finally we had the mushroom Tortelli just because we had already ordered it. Despite being full from the previous items it was still fantastic. We shared a fairly cheap bottle of wine though they have a fairly large list to choose from. Thoroughly enjoyed the meal and the venue. Easy reservations and had great service.
4	This place is good but the plates were small. The food was good but a little pricey.  But it is Scottsdale so that is to be expected.
5	Josh P. offered impeccable service tonight! The food and ambiance was amazing! So happy we made it out here. Highly recommend this restaurant!
1	Awful, Rude, Cold Food, Expensive, Never ever ever go to this Awful place
5	This was one of my best dining experiences in Scottsdale .It is in a great location  directly across the street from Fashion Square and on the Scottsdale Canal  which is a wonderful place to walk after dinner .The service was very good , we were seated almost immediately as we had a reservation . The server explained that everything is made in house .I was with my wife and 27 yr. old son .My wife had salmon cooked exactly how she wanted it , both my son and I had a pasta dish and a appy . The deserts were all $5 and I had Neapolitan ice cream cake which was one of my favourite desert I have ever had . . All in all an eatery you should definitely pencil in on your next trip to the Valley of the sun
2	So this was my fourth time at Olive and Ivy before writing a review.   The first three times were at breakfast where we utilized the the little marketplace they have.  I really enjoyed going there, a little over priced but good food and a great atmosphere. This last time I was at Sunday brunch with my girls and it sucked!!!Sangria in a carafe $20!!!!  Granted the white sangria is pretty amazing. ..but geesh!  It doesn't even look pretty!  No pretty fruit floating around or anything. What really brings my review down was the gyro.  It sucked.  Wilted lettuce, a tomato that looked like it had been sliced last week and cold fries.  I get that they were trying to time it out right after our appetizer but letting it die in the window? ... that is just bad service.  And at $12 it should have have been perfect.Soooo...I will be trying some new places and staying away from here.
4	This is a fabulous restaurant.  We were 10 minutes late for our reservation, but the staff was really friendly and accommodating and made us feel comfortable.  Our waiter was engaging and fun.  The entire kitchen is open to the inside seating area, which was awesome to watch.  We sat outside on the patio which I highly recommend; it's right on the canal and it was fun to watch the giant "waterbugs" on the river change colors throughout the evening.  If you're going to order cocktails, I suggest the Daiquiri No. 4.  The waiter suggested a locally brewed beer for my husband and we both thought it was one of the best beers we'd ever tasted.  Now for the food:  I ordered the sea scallops, which were possibly the best I'd ever had.  My husband had the chicken entree, which was good, not great.  For dessert we shared the peanut butter pudding, which was to die for, and the Napoleon ice cream sandwich, which was just fine.  The only reason I'm not giving this a five-star review is because this restaurant is LOUD.  It's surprisingly big and it was completely packed when we were there, which was a Monday night, so I definitely wouldn't go there on a weekend!  It's definitely not the place for a chill, family meal.  But for a nicer, trendier date night, it's an awesome choice.  If I'm ever back in the Scottsdale area, I will definitely try to get in here again!
3	We were here with a larger party, and the server continuously tried to up-sell us on different items. It began to get a little annoying.The food was good, but the portions were tiny. I think most people at the table (except for the person who ordered the flatbread) finished their meal and were still hungry. Luckily we ordered lots of desserts to fill our bellies!We probably wouldn't return unless the idea was initiated by someone else.
4	Love the patio! You feel like you are in the middle of a patio in the Mediteranean! Started with happy hour bruchetta's. We got three different ones and they were only $3 each on happy hour. My favorite was the funghi but the fig and procutto and the corizo was really good as well. I got a flat bread that was again mushroom and cheese and arugala. It was good, but a little burnt. And not just "crispy." Actual black burnt edges which the server should have probably noticed and not brought out. I left all the crust but the rest was very flavorful. The server was very nice, didn't rush us and we sat in between appetizers and meals for a little while. You should call ahead for a table in the evening, we had very limited choices since we didn't but it was nice and relaxing on the patio but not as comforable for a meal, better for drinks and apps. Great location, good food, and good service but it is the atmosphere that I really loved about this place!
5	Stopped by here for a nice lunch and nothing tops the food, sangria and atmosphere sitting under the trees enjoying the canal. We had three different types of bruchetta a Rueben sandwich and ended with honey gelato. The food was excellent I can't begin to describe the flavor combinations on the bruchetta it was perfection. I am a sangria snob and to date this is hands down the best sangria I have ever had! the waitress was attentive without hovering over us the whole time. We will be going back but this time it will be at night. They have beautiful lighting out on the patio that is so romantic but reservations are a must at night! Enjoy!!!
3	Forgot to add a review when I went a few weeks ago. A group of gals met here for a lunch meeting. The food was pretty good, I don't recall what I ate. Probably because I was distracted by the noise round me.High noise level. They wouldn't let us have the back room because we couldn't guarantee that we'd spend their $250 minimum for the room.We may go back as a group, but probably only if we can use their back room.
4	Great patio. Food was very good. Had the beet salad and the fungi flatbread
4	Beautiful beautiful beautiful!!! Service was fantastic! We ordered shrimp risotto, sea bass w/cauliflower and the Scallops and polenta.  Yummy!!  What a fantastic dinner!!
4	I've gone to Olive & Ivy a couple of times and I love everything about it. The atmosphere, the friendliness of the waiters, and the food make the entire restaurant wonderful. It's not the best food I've ever had, but it is good and everything else combined just really make me like this restaurant. The lamb gyro is really good for lunch. It was not too heavy and the lamb flavor wasn't too overpowering. Their flatbreads are also really good, I think we got the Mediterranean one and, honestly, anything with olives automatically boosts my liking for the dish.It's a great place to just sit and talk and have a glass of wine with your food. Whether you sit inside or outside, it's beautiful.Also, don't miss out on the gelato! I get it every time. I am completely addicted, but I also have a huge sweet tooth. Every flavor is delicious and they are really nice even when I ask for a ton of samples because I can't make up my mind. :)
4	Great atmosphere and food!  Loved it!
5	We came for dinner just before 6 on a Thursday. I had noticed they had happy hour until 6, but the hostess informed us this was only at the bar. We could have saved a few $$ if we had just done that, but honestly the food was so good I didn't feel bad paying more. Bread was brought to our table and served with a pesto dipping sauce - I ate the remainder of the sauce with my hands it was so good.We ordered the Mediterranean salad and piccante flatbread. I also ordered a red sangria - which was different from normal sangria since it had crushed berries it it - but it was one of the best sangrias I've ever had. The salad and flatbread were delicious. The salad was big and worth the price - flatbread was good but maybe a better deal on the happy hour menu since it was smaller than expected. The food was the perfect portion so we still had room for dessert. We decided on the coconut cakes with blood orange sorbet. This is probably gross but I honestly did not want to swallow my cake - I kept it in my mouth like a fine red wine and savored every last piece. This restaurant needs to come to Chicago - I would be all over it like white on rice.
4	I don't know what was better, the food or the service? Great patio on the water. Delicious vodka mule. Sweet potato cannelloni with roasted almonds. Tres leches lemon meringue cake. YUM! Can't wait to go back and try other dishes....too bad I don't live in Scottsdale. P.s. Any dish is available to go in their market section.
5	Went to Olive & Ivy on a Saturday night.  Had a reservation and wanted to push it back by 90 minutes to enjoy a long walk on a beautiful evening, and they were very accommodating.  The place is very spacious, both the indoor and outdoor patio, so don't think it would ever be a long wait for a table.Ambience outside is great.  Close to the "water" in Scottsdale, and in the spring it wasn't too hot to sit outside.Service was very good and the menu is outstanding.  Kind of a tapas place with many entrees as well.  We had the bacon wrapped dates, lamb meatballs and kale salad with bacon.  All very good.  Want to go back to try the Spicy Shrimp Risotto.Very good drink menu as well.  I had the Whiskey Sour Smash which was very good (though on the strong side, so if you order it, make sure you like the taste of whiskey).Will be going back to try other dishes, menu was very appealing.
4	I used to eat here all the time when it first opened up but got spoiled with all the great dining in my area, central Phoenix and quit making the trip to Scottsdale.  So this past Sunday we decided to journey up to Scottsdale for Sunday brunch.  I notice that the dining area has become more formal than it used to be but the atmosphere and food are still fantastic.  Their peach bellini's are yummy and all the food super delicious!
5	I love going to Olive & Ivy! I've been there probably 10 or 15 times now & haven't had a bad experience. The pesto & bread that's served before the meal is the best! You're able to buy the pesto at the little marketplace at the front of the restaurant. My favorite menu items are the Funghi Trifolita flatbread, the Turkey Grinder, and the Sweet Potato Cannelloni. They also offer a delicious $5 table-side mimosa for brunch & their peach bellini is also delicious. I've just walked in before & have been seated with my party within 10-15 minutes max, but I've made reservations for a table as well before (a few people & also a table of 10) which is really convenient. If you tell the waiter that you need split checks beforehand, they're really good about accommodating that. The service & food is so good, I keep going back!
4	We usually end up here for breakfast, and they have always done a good job.  It's a small menu, but there is something for everyone.  If you want a Bloody Mary or mimosa, they can help you out.  If you're in recovery mode, the cafe has some Gatorade and other options.The patio is beautiful, and I highly recommend getting a table there unless it's too hot outside.
4	We had a wonderful dinner there this evening. The chicken scollopine with Spinach was fantastic.  Cheese cakeAlso excellent and view was delightful.
5	The Sweet Potato Cannelloni is crazy good! Service was excellent. Their soda machine was down and the server went to their market place and got me a coca cola to make up for it. Really impressed!
5	Went here with some out-of-town friends on Sat night.  Their pick - so glad they made this choice.  Excellent service with a top notch, well informed waiter.  Between 4 of us, we ordered a variety of items including the hummus appetizer (just spicy enough), sweet potato cannelloni, veal & spinach ravioli, some new tortellini dish and a rib eye steak dinner.  I tried bites of everything and all I can say is WOW!  It was all I could do the stop myself from jumping into the dish and rolling around in the sauce.  Very fresh and sauces were light, not the heavy pasta thing you might expect.  The only minor criticism is the house salad.  People, it's just a bowl of lettuce - NO enhancements, not even a lone crouton.  The vinaigrette dressing helped make up for the lack in the bowl but I think they really need to consider perking up the lonely lettuce.It's kind of a loud atmosphere indoors.  We were seated in a cozy booth that faced the patio so some of the noise was blocked.  They had some kind of dj-something playing music and a few people dancing (??) behind us.  Still it was quiet enough for conversation at our booth.  The patio looked very inviting, that could be a good location for next time (yes, there will be a next time).I highly recommend reservations here.  Fortunately we did have them and were seated right away.  Just in front of us were 4 people who were walk-ins and were apparently told it was a 3 hour wait??  Needless to say, they were walk outs after that news.  Anyway, I'm a new fan here.  Looking forward to more culinary experiences with Olive & Ivy.
5	Had a Sunday dinner here and I love Olive & Ivy every single time i go.  Our waitress, Tess, was very nice and attentive. I love the Hummus!!!! Its a little on the spicy side and oh so delicious. Th patio is perfection, so check this place out. The ambiance is amazing and perfect for a date too. Happy Dinning
5	Best to eat in, take out always seems to be smaller portions than what you see when you eat in.
2	Next to the river. Inside and outside dining. Trees outside. Very interesting decor. Friendly staff. Noisy. Interesting selection of starters. Dessert menu pretty ordinary. 25 bucks for 4 scallops on a small puddle of polenta is not a price performer. Was told later it is a famous "pick up spot". Could be. Seemed pretty popular. Would go again for a glass of wine and perhaps bruschetta selection. Not for a meal. Have been to better places for food including one at the Sky Harbor airport. Have a favorite in Tempe which I will not mention. Don't want to have to wait in line.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in all of Scottsdale. The sweet potato cannelloni is perfect. The food is very flavorful yet you do not walk out feeling overly full. It's a combo of great Italian and California cuisine. The staff is great and the patio is right off of the canal offering a great atmosphere.
5	Excellent food!  And great service.  Ask for Rebecca next time you are in.  We even got to go cups for our drinks.
3	I came here during my stay in Scottsdale for work on a Sunday night. It happened to coincide with Spring Training so I was told that all the restaurants were much busier than usual. This is probably the reason that despite the many empty tables both inside and outside (they were all filled by the time I left), I was told there was only availability for one at the bar or area in front of the kitchen. I opted for the kitchen area and got to watch the cooks at work during my dinner. The atmosphere is very chic, but the patrons were a eclectic mix of retirees, families and young partiers. The concept is Mediterranean, although I didn't see any traditionally Mediterranean dishes on the menu. The menu is pretty sizable with a variety of pasta, fish, and meats to select from, with vegetarian and gluten-free options marked.  FOOD:PROSCIUTTO CRUDO FLATBREAD (topped with rosemary potato and soft egg) - When I ordered this, I didn't realize the portion was supposed to be shared so it ended up being way too much for me. If I had just one slice, it would've been great, but it got tiring after my third slice.BIG EYE TUNA (with charred scallions, snap peas, couscous & miso caramel) - I'm a sucker for couscous! I always order it when I see it on the menu so this selection was a no-brainer. The couscous and the snap peas did not disappoint. The Ahi Tuna was sesame seed crusted and was fine, but not mind-blowing. I wish it were marinated more to give it extra flavor. The reason I rated this as 3 stars is simply because while the food was good, nothing was that impressive, especially for the price. Maybe if I came back and tried a few more items and drinks I would change my mind, but for now, this is just an OK restaurant.I would still recommend this restaurants for groups because I think their outside patio area is lovely. The menu is also diverse and safe enough that everyone should be able to find something they enjoy. However, definitely make a reservation, otherwise you'll be stuck at the bar like me!
2	I am so sad that I have to give this restaurant a bad rating. I took my mom here to have a fabulous Mother's day dinner and to have a delightful finale to our mother-daughter trip. The food and the service were fabulous. We started with three different bruschetta (you can mix). They were all amazing. We then had the house salad which had a wonderful light dressing, all very fresh. We split the salad and the portions were still huge! For dinner I had the sweet potato cannelloni and my mom had fish (I can't remember which one and I can't view the menu). Why the bad review you might ask? My mom woke up at 6am with HORRIFIC FOOD POISONING. I felt so awful, we even had to fly out that day. She was miserable. Some might say that food poisoning can happen even when cooking in your own home and that its not their fault but I find it inexcusable. Keeping ingredients fresh, the kitchen clean and correct cooking temps should avoid all food poisoning. We ate and shared the same dishes all day for breakfast and lunch so I know that it was from Olive and Ivy. Could have been the fish or the lettuce. We were skeptical about getting fish in Arizona in the first place but my mom decided to go for it....bad choice :(
5	I had been to Olive and Ivy before for wine and flat-breads on the patio and thought it was good, but when we finally came for dinner on April 24th, the experience was excellent. We didn't have a reservation, so we made our way to the bar for a glass of wine. The hostess texted us when our table became available, which was a large comfy booth clad in a beautifully patterned fabric. Our waiter was engaging and attentive, and the food was superb. The people watching is added bonus, there were lots of interesting sleeve tattoos on the staff, and tables of rich blonde debutantes.I noticed a couple of metrosexual guys at the bar with Restalyn injections and nose jobs (which is a pretty common sight in Scottsdale).  Anyway about the food, we started with the hummus and veggies which was obviously house made and delicious. My entree was the Pacific sea bass, which, as the waiter explained, is substituted with a cousin to sea bass that is not endangered but just as tasty. The braised cauliflower was great, and the portion was perfect. The preserved grapefruit was the perfect touch, the dish needed no augmentation. My partner had the scallops which were amazing, and our relatives had the filet and added a small side of shrimp to make it a surf and turf, they loved it. We shared a lemon tres leches cake with berries for dessert that was mouth watering. The place is always packed and it's easy to see why. Beautiful ambiance and terrific food!
5	Very busy place, but so worth the wait! Sam Fox has done it again! Wonderful service,  food is excellent and the wine menu is epic! Beautiful wine cellar over looking the bar, such a nice place to chill at the bar or have a full dining experience. One of my favorite spots!
5	Phenomenal. The food, service, and atmosphere here is amazing. I brought my Mom, Aunt, and Grandma here for lunch and they absolutely loved it. Mark Anthony helped make the experience exceptional through his incredible customer service, attentive nature, and spot on recommendations. I really can't say enough about this place or the server.
5	Olive and Ivy has the best salad in the Scottsdale Fashion Square area.  The people that work in the Market Place are awesome!  Keep up the great work. :)
4	One of my favorite restaurants!! Their FREE (and unlimited) pesto dip and bread is amazing, as well as their appetizers and main dishes. The atmosphere is also a plus, with indoor and outdoor patio seating, both of which are cozy. They also have an outside patio seating area which is first come first serve, however we sometimes prefer that over sitting at the tables because it is more relaxing with comfy patio furniture.The only reason this place is getting 4 stars as opposed to 5 is because the past 3 times I have been there with girlfriends to grab some happy hour and/or dinner we have had girl waiters who were horrible (not bringing us water, having to ask multiple times for menus and bread, forgetting our food, adding things to the bill at the end which weren't ours, and then giving us attitude when we politely would tell them what we had and what the bill shows doesn't match, etc). We even had one waitress leave for the evening without closing us out, and without having anyone take over!! The busboy took care of us, and that is also to whom we left our tip with. Management needs to work on training their staff better!
4	The location along the canal with the open doors and courtyard of sorts is aesthetically pleasing.  The menu is mostly tilted toward Mediterranean cuisine with some more American standbys mixed in as a back up for those less adventurous.  Overall, the quality was quite good and the service prompt and professional.  This place falls into the "after work, wine and a light bite" category.  The layout is conducive to social interaction, so bringing a group of 6-8 is definitely feasible.  I would go back.
5	Absolutely delicious food, and can't wait to go again. Get the salmon.
4	I had an awesome time here. This place is rocking after 8:00 p.m. The bar and restaurant was packed and the DJ kept the atmosphere upbeat and festive. The bread and pesto was amazing. I couldn't stop eating it.I ended up having the ravioli and veal and it was delicious. When the food came my initial thought was that the serving size was a bit small however once I began eating I realized how thick and rich the ravioli was. I ended up being completely full after that entree. I also had the apricot and cheesecake for desert. It was an interesting combination that I've never had before so I wanted to try it. That was just ok in my opinion. I would've enjoyed just plain cheesecake better. All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed my visit here and will definitely return.
5	Ok seriously how is it possible for one place to have top notch customer service AND amazing food!?!? I am enjoying by far the best cinnamon roll ever and dude made my mocha perfectly! Thank you Olive and Ivy you make my mornings so much better!
5	What a great surprise. The inside can accommodate a lot of people and yet its not noisy inside. The wait staff was very helpful and had good suggestions. Food was great - its hard deciding what to order. Get there early because it really fills up as the evening goes on. Great for dates, large parties or families
4	Drinks were so good!! Sat outside on the patio. Open seating on the patio outside and it was really pleasant. We loved the whiskey sour mash, Bloody Mary, and Bellini. Service was great also, Jael was really attentive!! Awesome Sunday drink spot!!
4	By far one of my favourite restaurants in Scottsdale. I come every time I'm in the area for a meal. On a warm evening, it's lovely to sit outside in the garden along the canal. A great place for groups or a romantic meal. I've always enjoyed great service and food at Olive and Ivy. My personal faves are their pesto sauce and truffle fries.
4	Food was good. Nice atmosphere. Our server seemed to be overwhelmed with tables when I went with a friend for lunch. I would go back as the food was good. Not exceptional but good and worth going back too.
3	Updating my review to be 3 stars (would've been more like 3.5 if I was able to do that) instead of 5. We went to dinner as a group & per usual the best part was that there was no wait since I had previously made a reservation online. The restaurant was really loud & our waiter was only attentive about half the time. We had to flag him down quite a few times as we needed something.As far as the food goes, the bread & pesto was really good as usual. We ordered the following dishes: the Sweet Potato Cannelloni, the Potato Gnocchi "Pomodoro", Atlantic Salmon, & Pacific Sea Bass. The cannelloni in the dish was tasty along with the sauce but the spinach was tasteless & didn't add much to the plate. The gnocchi was the same way - a little but on the smooshy side & nothing special. For the price of both of the fish dishes, we had high expectations - while the salmon & sea bass were both well cooked, they left a little bit to desire. The sides that came with the Sea Bass were a little bit better - the cauliflower, especially. I really think that neither the beets nor the potatoes were a good match with the salmon. I almost would've just liked a small salad on the side with the fish.Overall, we have had some really good dishes for breakfast & brunch at Olive & Ivy. They had a very unique taste & it's exciting to think about the next time that I'll have those again ... I look forward to it (specifically the turkey grinder sandwich & the fungi flatbread). This dinner however didn't make me that excited to come back for this menu.
4	We had a great experience at Olive & Ivy. Our server was very attentive and friendly, and the food came out quickly and was superb. I want to try to recreate their beet salad at home, but doubt it will taste as good! I did have a small problem with my meal, but after telling the server, we got a visit from the manager (who was very nice) and he apologized and bought us two desserts. It totally made up for any problem - the desserts (lemon cake with blueberry compote and peanut butter pudding) were too good - had trouble eating just a little!
4	My second visit to Olive & Ivy is what convinced me. Not that my first experience wasn't spectacular. It was, but I really steeped in it my fiance this weekend for brunch, and it isn't that our meals were just perfect, it's that the service was very friendly and attentive, as well. My fiance ordered the Eggs Benedict with breakfast potatoes, and I had the Bacon Cheeseburger with a side salad. He cleaned his plate, and ate whatever he could of the half burger I couldn't finish. His only comment was that he preferred the hollandaise a different way, but that's because we make it ourselves at home. The Bacon Cheeseburger was amazing, I order it medium. If I could have finished the entire thing I would, and the red wine vinaigrette on the side of greens is the best I've had in a while. I'd love to be able to make that one at home!We ended the meal with the strawberry shortcake dessert that was interesting...not what either of us was expecting, then again, not sure what we were expecting. It was good. I'm sure there are better choices. Our waiter really made sure we were comfortable, enjoying our brunch and our experience. We walked out of there smiling, stopping by the marketplace to order the large Cactus Blossom iced tea on the way out.
4	Great place for drinks and appies
5	This restaurant is always good.  Good for breakfast, lunch, and dinner
4	Really cute little brunch place! I loved the atmosphere of it!I came here for brunch with a friend. I think I've only been here once before. I ordered the Potato Hash. This comes with over easy eggs, onions, pepper and a sausage gravy. I really liked the sausage gravy that it came with. I felt like it could've been better with some more meat in it or maybe if there was actually hash browns. Of course I had to wash it down with a Mimosa since it IS brunch AND Sunday Funday. =) Their mimosas are only $5 on Sundays and do NOT come in those skinny little champagne glasses. lol. I'd like to try something else next time I come and probably sit on their cute little patio that they have. Also would want to try their happy hour. =)
5	Delicious red sangria, amazing food, and outstanding ambiance.
5	Awesome patio. Amazing food.
4	This place is wonderful. Great service. Very nice staff. Food was great. Highly recommend the filet and also the lamb meatballs as well.  Only thing is considering this place has a whole room just for wine the fact that they don't carry a single moscato was disappointing.
5	So delicious.  Went here for mother's day with my mom.  I ordered a pizza, absolutely delicious.  And the bread they bring out is one of the best I have ever tasted!  I seriously recommend this restaurant.
1	This place is doing something right fill the place. Low expectations in taste must be par for the course. Six of us ate there. Not one of us finished nor did one of us really enjoy the meal. Environment is nice, server was awesome but hostesses all were all a bit kitschy and stuck in their cliques. Had reservations for six and the couldn't nor would attempt to try and seat us together. No smiles, personal interaction and no interest in assisting us.Will not be back.
4	The pesto!!!! So good. The place has a good atmosphere and delicious food. I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine. Everything I've tried on the menu from the three times I've gone has been delicious. Slightly pricy but not terrible for Scottsdale.
5	Hands down one of my favorite places in scottsdale! from the atmosphere, to the service to the food. never have any complaints .. well accept their menu varies depending on the time of day... but besides that, I'm there twice a week!
5	Good appetizers, drinks, and romantic ambiance!
5	Someone let Sam Fox know what exactly he has with this gem right here! Over the last couple weeks I have planned a night out for my wife and I for celebrating our 6 month wedding anniversary and our first baby boy on the way in the end of October, and I must say I am extremely satisfied with Making Olive & Ivy part of the plan! My wife and I originally walked into the Marketplace side door but a worker there was happy to lead us to the hostess stand and then we were led to our table. We were greeted by our waiter Josh P. who congratulated us on our 6 Month and our son on the way. This impressed me and took me by surprise as the waiter who I have never spoken to in my life congratulated us right off the bat. He gave us time to look over the menu but never left us stranded. He filled our drinks without a hitch, never reaching over us or interrupting our conversation. Josh then brought out this amazing bread with this sauce they didn't look good off the bat but was out of this world! My wife ordered the lasagna and I ordered these awesome little pasta raviolis' filled with cheesy/creamy awesomeness. From appetizer to entree then from entree to dessert, Josh wiped down the table and made everything fresh and clean. Also during our stay one of the managers, Kim, stopped by and somehow beat Josh to the punch with filling up our drinks. I'm not sure how others feel but for me it's awesome to see a manager work on the floor and see the managment team working alongside the waiters. I wish I had pics of all of the good because it was awesome, I will make sure to return ASAP as the food, staff and environment is great, thanks Josh for helping us celebrate on a special night out! Hope to see you guys again soon and will make sure to sit where Josh will be our waiter!!!
5	Great food, wonderful lighting, gorgeous huge outdoor patio, fantastic brunch, and one of my favorite places to take out-of-towners. Great for groups, and a perfect "you just can't go wrong" restaurant. Literally, date, folks in town, girls brunch, afternoon happy hour with the kids, you name it, this place will do it perfectly!
5	Recommendation from an acquaintance.  Made OT dinner reservations.  We walked in from the Marketplace entrance that we were confused as to where the hostess was.  It turns out it was around the bar.  Both of the hostesses were friendly and one even complimented my dress.  We were quickly seated and was greeted by our happy server.I started the night with a red sangria.  Pretty punchy, not super fruity which I liked.  For starters, we had the Manchego Bruschetta which came with chorizo and the Mediterranean Salad.  One bruschetta is a good bite for 2 people.  The Mediterranean salad was fresh and tasty.  The dressing was a little tangy that at one point, it went down the wrong pipe and I started coughing.  For dinner, I had the English Pea Tortellini which apparently is made in-house.  The sauce was delicious with bacon and mushrooms.  MMMMmmm, I still remember the taste of it.  My husband had the Natural Chicken with potato puree.  The chicken was juicy and although it was a simple dish, it was made well.  The portions for both were just right.  Not huge, but good individual portions.  I had a paper cut and needed a band-aid so I asked the server for one.  He went to go check and never came back so I figured he forgot, but then a lady came by and offered me different types of bandaid.  Perhaps she was the GM.  I picked the one with hearts.  That was nice of them.  They did not forget.We asked more about the restaurant and the Fox Restaurant Concepts company and our server was knowledgeable and helpful in answering questions.  The server even brought out the list of all the other restaurants that are owned by FRC.  Overall, great food, friendly staff, tasty drinks, live DJ.  Great place to go with a group.
5	They have amazing bruschetta!!!! Absolutely love this place, great date night or girls night out! Highly recommend!
3	Cool for sure, great design and staff. The dishes are great however the quality of product is meh. I like being there, i just feel ripped eating there:/
5	Food is good.Nice atmosphere right on canal and friendly servers made it a nice experience. Great place to meet after work or night out.
4	Loved the pesto and great flavors from the bruschetta as well.  I ordered an off menu item - green chile chicken and white bean soup. It was very tasty but very little chicken. Equivalent of maybe half a tender - somewhat of a let down.  My wife ordered the gnocchi pomodoro- which was really good.  Friendly staff and great ambiance. For Dessert we shared an awesome lemon tres leches cake - definitely recommend this.
1	The food was ok, even though it didn't come out how we requested (ordered the steak with no sauce, came smothered in it- no big deal except it's the most expensive item on the menu). The WORST was that my boyfriend ordered a couple glasses of 18yr Macallan before I ordered one. I don't know what they brought me, but it certainly wasn't the 18 year, though we still got charged ($$$) for it. We did a couple blind taste tests just to be sure... Maybe they thought I wouldn't be able to tell the difference? They should be ashamed. The food was pretty good, but really overpriced. We sat outside and the atmosphere was nice. Definitely will not be back and will never recommend this place. For the money we spent, our dinner should have been flawless.
5	Wonderful lunch while on vacation.  The food was very fresh, the outside patio was super quaint and great view on the water. Our server Matt was exceptional.
1	The place has a great patio which although most seats were open and we came on time for our noon reservation they claimed we had to have requested it. We had an important meeting and they still stuck us next to the kitchen! They did nothing to appease us. The food is OK. For the area there are way better places. I would never recommend due to horrible hosting and management.
5	I've been here a couple times and it's always on point. The wife had the pork tenderloin, I had the tuna. Both were fantastic.
4	This place is wonderful for larger groups. It has a great outdoor seating area that would be better to visit not when summer's in full bloom. The food is good and it has a great happy hour that I visited with an MBA group. Its also has a great brunch.
5	Sunday brunch w the fam. Egg sandwich, caramel apple pancakes, scrambled eggs w bacon, biscuits and gravy, and cinnamon roll. Oh yeah, delicious peach Bellini. Awesome pesto, devoured it. Everything was delicious. We all kept eating after we were full. Cool atmosphere.
4	Good quality, fresh food. Great ambiance. Seating inside and out. Great vegetarian options.
5	This is my ideal dining experience and favorite Fox restaurant, hands down. O&I is absolutely wonderful. Even after a scorching summer day, the patio offers a gorgeous tuscan ambiance with a canopy of well groomed trees, expertly placed misters, strung Edison bulbs, and an overall understated elegance. So dreamy.That's all you really  need to know, but I'll humor you since you're reading reviews for a reason, hm? Bruschetta sampler: Prosciutto/fig, Manchego/chorizo, Apple/BrieAll of them were delicious, though the prosciutto one was hard to eat due to the meat not having been cut...the bread was cut into thirds prior to the meat being added so we had to remove all the arugula and cut the meat, then re-build the app. That was weird. But the flavor was A+We drank the white wine sangria, which packs a punch thanks to the brandy, and the cactus blossom cocktail. Both were great on a warm summer evening. Seabass: though I did enjoy it, I wouldn't order it again. It was well prepared but I prefer fish without the gray meat as it tastes a little gamey...Again, just my preference. The sides it came with were small, but good. The few pieces of "caramelized" cauliflower left something to be desired as it was closer to just roasted cauli, but the candied grapefruit and snap peas were perfect with the mild white fish. Filet Mignon: served with horseradish potatoes & red wine shallots--stole the show, without a doubt. Nothing to complain about here. My husband ordered it rare, and it came out with a lovely charred crust and warm red center. Beautiful. Plate envy for sure.Cheesecake w/ stewed peaches: Decadent and delicious, and certainly enough for two after all the food we'd already had. Roll me out and valet the car, dear. I am deliriously happy. PS - the bathrooms are rad.
5	Sat at the bar for happy hour- the bartender was super attentive. Sangria was delicious and food was great!!!
5	Really good breakfast, super good. I get the standard bacon, eggs and potatoes. They sub the toast for berries, and boy are they delicious. Super crispy and fresh. Eggs are to order ( over easy for me) bacon is generous and potatoes just right, not overdone. All for 8 bucks. Top spot in my book!
4	great atmosphere.....
5	Amazing ambience, awesome staff, super yummy pesto, and their tortellini with bacon and braised leek is heaven! Save room for dessert and order the leche cake and the pb pudding
5	Excellent place and came highly recommended by the hotel staff. Our waitress, Micki was amazing and knew what to suggest based on our questions. The food (sea bass) and ambiance were great too.
5	Best Mediterranean salad w chicken on the planet. I moved to San Francisco and have yet to find a salad I am as passionate about as this one. Also they used to have this flatbread w corn and goat cheese that was to die for. Their bread and pesto is also dank. 5 stahssss!
4	The manchego bruschetta was amazing! Would definitely go back to try more if their dishes.
5	Delicious! Scallops for dinner were amazing and gelato is to die for especially at that price!
5	Awesome food and beverage menu. Great atmosphere! As long as it isn't too hot, grabbing a seat on the patio is highly recommended!
4	Great restaurant great pizza and desserts. Serve is fast and the drinks are great
4	I've been at this place many times and is one of my favorite spots to meet friends in Old Town; every time they had offered a good experience regardless of time, number of people or how busy they are. Restaurant is in a prime location of Old Town, you can get there from both sides of the bridge (parking garages are close) or they have valet if you prefer that. Both the patio and the inside areas have a nice atmosphere. Good Service. Good Food
4	I love everything about this concept. And the flatbreads are so good. My only complaint is the bacon cheeseburger lacks flavor all around. But other than that.. Perfecto !
5	Been to this restaurant a few times. First time service was slow. I always give a restaurant a second chance--just could be an off day at any restaurant. My returning trips to Olive & Ivy were all good. Service was great and the food was delicious. Of course a couple of glasses of wine in a nice atmosphere helped a whole lot.I added O & I to my favorite restaurant list.
5	I love love this place. Everything about it is perfect. The food, the service, and the food...again!!! The veil and spinach ravioli was excellent as is the bruschetta
5	First of all I must say the Ambiance is amazing the place has a great vibe and the crowd is great. Although it might feel as if your wallet will be empty as u walk in I must say that the food is very well priced. The staff is very helpful and sweet and the food is delicious. This probably my new favorite place to dine
5	Nice place and very friendly staff. The girl taking my order was really helpful and sweet
5	Olive and Ivy is my go-to place when I can't decide where to eat! The sweet potato canneloni with Shrimp is my FAVORITE!!!! Nice staff, great enviornment. I also reserved a table for my birthday and they were very accommodating.
5	Olive & Ivy (or as our server, Tommy called it, "The Ivy") never disappoints.  Can count on them to be consistent with service and quality of food.  Little did we know we'd have entertainment included in our lunch - Tommy was great and really took his time to explain his favorite items and cocktails.  His energy and happiness was contagious, and you could tell he had a passion for the food he served his guests.  The food is great as well - the Lamb Gyro, Mediterranean Salad, Chicken Panini, Bruschetta, Calamari, Caesar Salad w/Salmon...all great lunch choices.  But I have to admit...I look forward to the bread and pesto they bring to the table as much as anything.  SO good!  And if I'm not on my lunch break, a pitcher of their White Sangria pairs nicely.  5 stars to you, "Ivy", and Tommy!
4	This was our first dining experience here and it was a Saturday lunch. When we walked in the door the interior of the restaurant was very very loud. Obviously chain management must like the feeling since we noticed the same sound level at the 7th street Culinary Dropout.  Blanco isn't as loud. We sat outside to avoid the noise despite it being 107. The shade and misters mitigated the heat a little. Our waiter was prompt and attentive. This was a day when brunch is served and we had a heckuva time working out available pastries. We finally got our intended "appetizer" less than 30 seconds before the main course. My wife enjoyed her breakfast burrito. I had a chopped chicken salad which included blue cheese and it was great. The muffin and scone were good too. As this was an anniversary lunch we got a free peanut butter and chocolate dessert. It was great and reminded us of what was lost when Modern Steak closed.  The brunch wine list was puny but we asked for the full list which is still small but included an Argentine Torrontes which is a wine we enjoy. There was also a good looking  Sancerre. Finding our way to the restaurant was not easy. When you get there you have to pay $6 for valet parking plus a tip, of course. We had a good lunch but are not sure if we will return.
5	We celebrated my cousin's bachelorette lingerie shower in the gold room last weekend and it was such a great experience! Since none of us were from the area, it was so nice to have a long, private dinner. Our server MA (Mark Anthony) was great! He was personable, fun, and really knew the menu (we kind of tested him on the menu!) The food was fresh and delicious, and the ambiance was perfect for a great girls night. The manager came in a few times to check on us and thank us, and even brought us a round of shots to get the night started. I'd recommend this place to anyone in the area or traveling to Scottsdale!
4	I really love this place. We had our company christmas dinner there, and numerous dinners among friends. Each time the food was good and service was prompt.
5	Nice seating options,  I like the outdoor patio seating. The beard and pesto is super delicious.  I tried the lamb gyro and was nice and they are really generous unless you're really hungry, you might not be able to finish it all. My friend had the atlantic salmon which he liked. Service was excellent.
5	Aaron was our server for brunch and exceeded all of our expectations! He made sure everything was up to our standards and the food was great as usual. See ya guys next Sunday!
4	Really liked this place, spacious restaurant with an outdoor patio area. We ordered three types of bruschetta, chicken panini, Mediterranean salad, and cocktails. They bake their own bread and vegetables are super fresh, needless to say nothing went to waste that day! If we are ever in the area, we'd definitely come back. Prices are reasonable and food has good portions.
5	Went for lunch. Great menu, salads were delicious. As we were leaving in the market area the manager was there and we were chatting telling him it was our first time at the restaurant and he gave us 2 desserts on the house! So nice and unnecessary!
5	Amazing customer service and the food is great!  It's location is perfect.  Set nicely in old town right next to the mall.  The service was fast but they didn't make you feel in a rush to eat.  Most importantly, my drink was never empty!  You know that's the worst when you have to flag down a waiter. Not here!  I will go back for sure!
5	Amazing!! That is the best word to describe this place!! Everything was perfect from walking I to the fun ambiance, to the perfect drinks and the most amazing food! Not a thing was wrong. Great service and such a knowledgeable waiter!!! Please bring this place to Houston!!!!!
2	I have patronized many of the Fox restaurants and so far this one is the worst.I found the prices to be quite high, although I guess it is expected for the area. The service was very good, but the food just mediocre. I tasted the artichoke appetizer which was no more than some canned artichokes on top of arugula dressed with balsamic and oil sprinkled with parm, nothing above average. For the entree I ordered the veal and spinach ravioli. The pasta was chewy, the filling was strange, it had what I think was raisins mixed into it and strangely no spinach. The sauce was very rich yet had little flavor. All I can say was I gave the place a try, I think once is enough.
5	Came for brunch and I LOVED it....  Super cool and nice place.  The service was absolutely freaking top notch.  Food was very good.  IVY SAUSAGE SANDWICH:  scrambled eggs, american cheese & housemade english muffin - Delicious  The breakfast potatoes were great.CHOCOLATE CROISSANT:  Melted me... So flaky and great
4	Food was great, service was awesome, and the atmosphere was perfect!  We were there for a bachelorette party dinner and the staff humored us and our giant inflatable friend.  Our server, Ashton, was a doll and didn't steer us wrong on drink or dinner recommendations. He also brought us a round of shots to start the party! I had wine but one of the girls had a delicious Moscow mule... For dinner I shared the kale salad with another girl and we devoured it.  Yum! I went with the English Pea Tortelli and it was very flavorful without being too heavy.  I would highly recommend this place!
2	The food here was good but not great. I heard such good things about the place but went with 4 people total and no one was really impressed. Had good service and atmosphere.
3	Nice place with the typical Sam Fox feel. Very relaxed feel to the restaurant. The portions are small and expensive. The flavors are great. Not a place to go if you are hungry or on a budget.
5	I absolutely loved the vibe at Olive and Ivy! The indoor is just as great as the amazing outdoor.  The open kitchen and spacious dining room is great.  The food is definitely delicious and innovative.  My compliments to the chef and the creative minds who put together the menu. I recommend this place for a cocktail after work, dinner, or even a nice weekend afternoon, I will definitely be back.
5	Came here for lunch and I LOVED IT!! It's my favorite restaurant for now on, and also we did received the best service our waiter was TOMMY he is amazing !!!! Ask for him
3	Over rated, not bad by any means but definitely doesn't live up to the hype and I don't understand why its constantly busy other than location.Mediocre food, mediocre service, great location.
5	I came to Olive and Ivy this past weekend hoping to enjoy AZ restaurant week, but they didn't have it for lunch time.  While my friend and I were quite disappointed, we turned the brunch into our own selection of menu items.  Her son got the Eggs Benedict with roasted potatoes that looked really yummy.  My friend and I shared the Mediterranean Salad and Flatbread pizza.  The ambiance of the restaurant felt very brunch-like and earthy type of feeling.  I felt very relaxed and my tummy felt in peace on a sunny day in Scottsdale.
5	Most incredible place for a glass of wine or a date night but make a reservation. Patio is really beautiful with the trees and cafe style lights strung about. My hubby and I have been going here since we started dating 7 years ago.
4	To my surprise I haven't reviewed Olive & Ivy yet! I've only been for lunch and it's a solid choice in the area. Olive and Ivy is on my top three picks of Sam Fox restaurants. True Food comes in first place, followed by Wild Flower and then the lovely Olive & Ivy! Like all Sam Fox concepts, the menu has plenty of options. I love a giant salad and they do that well here! But before you dig into the menu make sure to say yes to the complimentary focaccia with pesto sauce. It's zingy and delicious! Really, it's pesto perfection. The Greek MediterreAnean Salad will not disappoint. A giant bowl with cous cous, feta, almonds, tomatoes with an oregano vinaigrette, add shrimp! Or, you can add chicken. The hummus plate is a great starter and perfect to share. Not in to salads? Fear not. Sandwiches, pasta, and savory entrees make up the rest of the menu. They offer something for everyone no matter what time of day you stop by. In addition to the main restaurant you pick up goods on the go at the market place. Smoothies too! Olive & Ivy seems to always be busy so expect a wait or call ahead!
4	I love their outside seating! plenty of shady areas. I love the hummus! great vibe, perfect for date night. and unlike other places nearby, not overly expensive.
4	So... I fully intended to take photos of my food here, but I blame hunger, sun, great conversation, and delicious food for preventing me from following through! The patio is so amazing - right next to the canal, and covered in greenery, cute tables and chairs, and good shade coverage for that spicy Arizona sun! Our server was super sweet, friendly, and had some great humour - respecting the fact that we were deep in conversation, but still getting our order in reasonable time, and connecting with us on a human level too. The restaurant was quite busy, but I felt that he was still very attentive, and did a great job.We ordered bread and pesto, and the hummus plate with veggies to start. Holy moly, guys. Holy. Moly. I got really into making pesto this summer, with bunches of fresh Italian basil being so cheap, and this was just as good, if not better than homemade (always a huge compliment!!) I also love making my own hummus and this was at least 5 times better than mine! We got a huge heap of hummus with yummy, warm pita, a great variety of veggies - cucumber, celery, snap peas etc. - all covered with semi-pickled cucumber, red onion, and feta. YUM!! You guys... go get some, stat! For my main I got the Mediterranean Chicken Salad (as did EVERYONE else at the table, which says a lot!) and it was really good. If you pushed me I'd have had two more plates of hummus rather than the salad, but I would almost sell my first born for more of that hummus... almost. The salad was fresh, and I liked the mix of ingredients - they felt well balanced, and well dressed, but the chicken was a bit dry. I had a great time at Olive & Ivy - it's a great place for a relatively healthy working lunch, and I'm sure I'll be back.
5	Had the best risotto of my life.  Must try the shrimp risotto!  Great atmosphere, people that work there are amazing.
5	I was treated to a great birthday lunch at Olive and Ivy! What a pleasurable experience. Our server,Tommy could not have been nicer. He made sure that we were comfortable and had a good experience. The food was excellent. The pesto was the best I have ever had! Tommy went out of his way to supply birthday cake that was tastefully presented. It was a truly memorable experience.
5	This is a great restaurant...very near us when we show our gourds at the Artisan Markets.Very Nice!
1	Managers are HORRIBLE! Tried to book a party and was treated very badly. They would rather leave their GOLD ROOM empty then to let customers utilize it. My suggestion for big parties is to either go to HEB BOX or KELLYS. Much nicer- friendlier and not as snotty!
5	Much needed lunch date with my good friend!Olive and Ivy is always a great idea. The food is delicious - always consistent. The patio is very comfortable and I love the lights and trees. My go to is  the bacon cheese burger & of course the bread and pesto . Jason was our server today. You should request him, he's very easy going and pleasant. He  provided great service and everything was wonderful. I need to come here more often! Wish they sold the bread and pesto in the market area!
5	FANTASTIC! Came here for my bachelorette dinner - decor is awesome, service was phenomenal ( our server Ben, bartender Brandon and the manager Harry) and food was to die for! Highly recommend the bacon wrapped dates and the scallops. All menu items are made from scratch in house and you can definitely tell. The manager Harry came over and congratulated me and then got us complimentary shots for my bachelorette party. So sweet! Our server was very thorough and knowledgeable about the menu and the bartender gave me a rose, aw so adorable. I wish there was a location back home in NYC, I'm obsessed!
5	My friend told me that this would be the perfect first date spot and he was correct! The atmosphere was amazing and the weather was great so requested to sit on the patio. Our server was very knowledgable about all the menu items as well as the wine list. Will definitely be coming back here soon!
5	I have been to this place a number of times for dinner, (2ppl-8ppl), Happy Hour, Breakfast and today, lunch. it is always a perfectly wonderful experience. The ambiance is beautiful to start with. The hostess is always great, service great, food great, drinks great! I love walking up to Olive and Ivy for breakfast. They make the BEST yogurt/fruit/granola bowl anywhere. The coffee is good. I have never had  bad or mediocre service there. It's a great place for a date, business meeting, special event dinner party, girls lunch, happy hour...etc... etc.. Advice to mgmt- Keep up the good work. P.S. While I've always had good service here; today I had a server named Tommy. A++++++ The perfect mixture of personality, service and leaving you alone while being attentive. Amazing!
4	The food and service were wonderful.  We loved the out-door seating area.  However, we spent more money for the meal that I'd like.
5	Cocktails and small plates on the patio. You must ask for Timmy. Witty, knowledgable and fun! White cranberry cosmos and ivy and ginger first round.
5	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED: Located along the "Scottsdale waterfront" (i.e. canal) this is among one of my favorites.  This is by far one of my favorite patio locations in Scottsdale. Whether you are there on business or pleasure, it's hard to go wrong with Olive & Ivy. The wait staff is very attentive and accommodating.  The menu at Olive and Ivy is simple and straightforward.  Their small bite offerings allow a solid taste of several different flavors.  Most of the dishes appear pleasant to both the eye and the palette.Do yourself and your stomach a huge favor...  enjoy their weekend brunch sometime sooner than later.Seasonal warning: when I was there last week, the noise on the patio was pretty bad.  I believe they are prepping along the waterfront for the NFL Super Bowl, at least according to the waiter.  Just outside of Olive and Ivy's patio was a very loud, BEEPING front-end loader making all kinds of noise.  We hardly noticed...  I SAID, WE HARDLY NOTICED :) Regardless, I'll still go back time and time again!
5	Love the decor of this place.  Shabby chic with classy old fashion twist.  I order 3 bruchetta to try : apple caponata, prosciutto and fig and fresh mozorella. Amazing!! Small but perfect appetizer size. For my main entree I tried the prosciutto and mascarpone tortelli. Delicious,  flavorful, and the perfect amount. I paired this dish with pinot grigio. Top it off I had share the brioche pecan and chocolate cake dessert. Too die for.I would definitely ckme back and take my friends.
5	Must go!! I have been going here for years and every time it is amazing. Awesome location, in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale, Waterfront. The outdoor patio is very beautiful and comfortable and a great place to lounge for happy hour. On the weekends they have a live DJ, playing chill lounge music. Atmosphere is what makes this place stand out. The complimentary pesto and focaccia is to die for. Great wine list and drink specials. Mediterranean Mule is my favorite. Service is always spectacular.  I would highly recommend checking this place out!!!
1	I come here for the pancakes once a week and now they are gone. Bring them back please! #disappointed
5	Love love love!!! Having no expectations I fell in love immediately, loved our waiter Tommy - he should own the place, we felt at home, relaxed and ready to eat and drink - HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
4	People have been telling me about this place for a while and I should have listened earlier. Food, service and ambience were all great. I made some substitutions to my meal and they nailed all of them. I will be going back.
5	Love their food and funky outdoor patio. I crave their red sangria and I highly recommend the bacon wrapped dates. Sounds strange but everyone who I've had try them is always pleasantly surprised.
5	I really, really enjoy this place. I think they have such a cool atmosphere going on and their food is just to die for. We always make a reservation when we come and the service is always wonderful. I usually get the Filet that comes in a horseradish sauce that is amazing! Not what you would think, and not spicy. Just flavorful and savory. My mouth waters just thinking about it!The wine list and desert list are also great. Great place for date night or just to grab dinner with friends. They also sell gift cards at Costco that are $100 in food for only $70!Great deals and great food. One of the best!
4	Beautiful patio overlooking the Scottsdale Waterfront...perfect for Sunday brunch and yummy mimosas!
4	My boyfriend and I came here last night with some friends that were in town from Minnesota and once again this place didn't let me down! My favorite part of Olive & Ivy has got to be the stunning patio! Seriously, don't even bother sitting inside. The patio is worth it even in the middle of the AZ summer heat, thats how pretty it is. I always get the Margarita Flat Bread and it is to die for. My boyfriend gets the Veil and Spinach Ravioli and loves it every time as well (I can't vouch for this one though, seeing as Veil is not my thing).I have only ever had one issue with any food I have tasted here and that was my starter from last night. I chose to start with a cup of their soup of the day - Broccoli Cheddar. I don't know about you, but when I envision Broccoli Cheddar Soup, I envision orange, cheesy soup with a ton of chunks of Broccoli. The consistency of this soup could be compared to water, no chunks of broccoli and was green! I have never seen green broccoli cheddar soup. Honestly think they just pureed broccoli together, added water and a little bit of cheese and called it a day. I would definitely pass on this next time it is available. Other than that, our guests loved the suggestion and we loved it to. Will be back time and time again!
5	Great atmosphere, kind of an upscale casual yet keeping it very sophisticated. Food was excellent, I loved their wine selection...something for everyone palette and budget. Give Happy Hour a try, we did and it was divine.
5	Seriously love this restaurant.  The bread they bring you with the basil pesto is amazing!  I could make a meal of that alone!  Great cocktails that offer combinations of liquors you wouldn't expect but they taste delicious. Their small plates are so uniquely done and meld such awesome flavors with the freshest ingredients.  The salads are some of the best I've experienced and the flatbreads are delicious as well.  The huge outdoor patio is so tastefully done - you feel like you are at your own comfortable outdoor abode.  I have to give a shout out to Tommy, our waiter on 10/28/14 who was the BEST!  He said he was going to "take care of us and feed us" and with his suggestions and help with choosing our small plates - he hit a home run!  His sensational personality and wit were all it took to send our memorable evening over the top.  Been patronizing this place ever since I first learned of it several years ago and hope to be for a long time to come.
5	Love this place!!  Amazing food, design and atmosphere.  Had a perfect birthday dinner tonight for the GF.Bread with pesto to start, bacon wrapped dates, Sangaria to drink and Lasagna/Pasta entries... All perfect!Thank you guys!!
4	Spinach ravioli was great. the portion was perfect for me but I don't eat a lot, I recommend ordering a side with it to be completely satisfied if you're super hungry, other than that the environment is very fun, alive and relaxing.
3	Disapointing after all the hype around this place. I had to return the frito misto (fried calamari, zucchinis and shrimp) as it was way too salty and had too much cheap batter. The staff was great and took it back and offered me to try something else on the menu, and did not charge me the plate. That is great customer service. The bacon wrapped dates were delicious and so was the seabass. But the sweet potato gnocchis were way too buttery. The menu is short and simple and as such I think they simply need to make a few adjustements for it to be better. However, I wont be going back.
5	this place is great!  it has a marketplace, gelato stand, and a wonderfully large restaurant with an open kitchen.there were 6 of us that dined for brunch and we all ordered different entrees.  everyone loved their meals (Benedict, French toast, flatbreads, biscuits & gravy); I personally had the tuna salad sandwich with potato salad which was super delicious!  bloody mary's & service were good as well!
4	Had a great lunch here. Love the look and feel for this place. They have a nice patio, so its open. The food is mouth watering. I would recommend this place.
3	This place lures you in with its spacious bar area and the inviting patio of colorful lounge chairs and firepits overlooking the beauty of the Scottsdale Waterfront. It's a great spot to meet up for happy hour or drinks before venturing off to Old Town and start your shenanigans. For my singletons, I will say it is a great starting point for first dates as you can really hit any of the other restaurants once the meet and greet awkwardness wears off (speaking from experience as the lifeline/wingman).Unfortunately, as with most things deceptively beautiful outside, the interior make up does not always match up. I am about consistency. And both food and service are spotty. They have been phenomenal when we hosted a large birthday dinner in the large room. The bar area is fun and you'll always be able to strike up a conversation with anyone as I love the diverse crowd that hangs out there. Patio service tends to be harder to gauge. I've had fantastic and attentive servers and some not. The sangria and flatbreads are incredible such that you don't realize you might have ordered twice or more times because you want that much more. They used to have a watermelon salad that my tongue craves but has been replaced by a beet salad which isn't a bad stand in. However, I've been here on a Friday night where a friend couldn't get a Coors Light. How do you run out of beer and that beer of all things on a weekend? I also love that you can just pop into the market and grab gelato that has an array of flavor I want to bathe in.Usually for a FCR, I am generally impressed but Olive & Ivy has struggled to maintain the bar that Sam Fox sets at his other venues such as Culinary Dropout or Arrogrant Butcher. With that said, even low on Sam's radar is pretty high in the restaurant industry.
5	What a delightful atmosphere! Unique, flavorful food and dessert options with attentive yet not overbearing service. This was our first time dining with Olive & Ivy. We will certainly return as well as refer it to our friends.
2	I was disappointed in Olive and Ivy. I ordered the chicken salad and about halfway through I noticed that there was not any chicken in it. I was eating at the bar and mentioned it to the bar tender and she just seemed to shrug it off. She did not offer to bring me a new one or at least some chicken.
5	The vibe is super cool. Although trendy and somewhat posh, there's a cozy feel about the restaurant. I've enjoyed patio dining on a few occasions now and it's super cute. The patio is along the canal which gives a relaxed feel to things. Although a bit pricey, you are paying for the location and experience and I'd say it was definitely worth it.
5	We stopped in for lunch today and had some of the most amazing flat bread!  The restaurant is nicely decorated, comfortable and has some of the best service I have encountered in AZ!  Thank you Jamie for going out of your way to help us today!!
5	Lovely spot to grab a quick meal or some of their delicious coffee. Olive and Ivy is a great comfortable place to hang out as it is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Their pastries and gelato are also to die for.
5	Fantastic experience for lunch here today.  Their sandwiches and flatbreads were amazing.  To be honest though, it was the amazing customer service that was provided that made the experience 5 star worthy.  My drink was never empty, and they were extremely acomodating.  I will be going back 100 more times because of how pleased I am.
4	Great service. We went for a belated birthday and they treated us very nicely and with a lot of attention. This place is easy to find and pretty central. We got the 33oz bone in ribeye, mac and cheese, and also brussels sprouts. We ordered it medium rare and it came out pretty rare in general (which was fine with us). The ambiance is nice and since it's a large open kitchen with patio and bar space...you have a lot of options in terms of seating.
5	We had an important of town business associate to dine with. Wanting to sell him on Scottsdale and the vibe of Old Town, we chose Olive & Ivy. Not our fist visit and certainly will not be our last. Dinner was fantastic and our server even more professional. Needles to say, our meals were all delicious and we made a great impression. Four Cheers!
5	I was honestly blown away with the many flavors I experienced  here. First there was the freshly baked bread and pesto dipping sauce. By far the most flavorful pesto dipping sauce I've ever tasted. The bread melts in your mouth and the garlic pesto pairing is to die for. Then there was the spicy shrimp risotto and bone in ribeye that my wife and I shared. I'll start with the risotto. Flavor A+ however the consistency of the risotto was B-. It was a tad bit runny, but I still would highly recommend it as it was still a stellar dish. The ribeye, on the other hand, A++. I ordered it medium and it was cooked to perfection. Honestly I would recommend having the risotto as a side option. Lastly, the service was great and the drinks were great. Over all experience excellent.
4	Excellent food...very fresh! I had the Kale Salad, just 1/2 though as it was HUGE, and it was so delicious. I fear I might have licked the bowl had no one been looking! I also ordered the gnocchi, which was really good, not amazing, but still very fresh. I think I might have been too full to truly enjoy it. The wine selection is not as expansive as I would expect based on the decor, but it was sufficient. One note...for some reason I thought this place was going to be a bit smaller and quiet...not sure what gave me that impression other than the name, but it was large (i.e. the marketplace) and pretty loud and happening. Had a good vibe!
5	There is absolutely nothing bad I can say about Olive & Ivy. Of course it's my first time, but the whole experience was gratifying. We ordered the lamb meatballs which were wonderful, and the focaccia and pesto were to die for... Seriously. People, I am not exaggerating when I say the pesto is amazing. For dinner, my husband ordered the Mediterranean flat bread and I ordered the chicken scaloppini. I loved them both and would highly recommend them. The place and the ambiance is so fabulous. It's an open kitchen which is so welcoming. The music is spot on, and the patio complements the indoor seating perfect. Overall, the Scottsdale waterfront scene is a must go to, and Olive and Ivy is the perfect place to start.
4	Came here for brunch on a Saturday afternoon.  Ordered the breakfast burrito and a side of fruit.  We sat out on the patio.  It was a beautiful day and the farmer's market was going on so there were a lot of people walking around.  The food and service at Olive & Ivy was great.  My breakfast burrito (with egg whites) was delicious.  I also liked the potatoes that it came with and the fruit that I ordered was very fresh.  The service was on point too.  Overall a good experience and I would definitely come back.
4	Came here for a desert date and to get a couple drinks, we got the sorbet (they make it fresh daily so ask what flavors they have, this time they had lemon and strawberry) YUM it was amazing, it was very refreshing and light ans not to overpowering. I had one of their sangrias and boy was it sure powerful, kinda on the pricy side but that's okay it was expected. The customer service wasn't great the hostess was pretty rude and had an attitude when asking us where we wanted to sit and our waiter was pretty foul too...look I know we aren't eating a full meal but a lot of people WONT jip you on a tip if you are helpful be a dbag  get a dbag tip..coming from someone who knows how the tip system works I won't be the one to dock you money for us nit ordering a full meal..get over it. So do I recommend here:YES (didn't try regular food but desert won me over that I will go try it again.) I hope that maybe they both were just having a bad day otherwise I hope you don't get the service we did.
5	What a fantastic place for a girl's night out! The food is delicious and the atmosphere is both lively and private. On weekends they have a DJ.  Their appetizer and small plates selections make for a perfect tapas experience. As far as entrees, the scallops with polenta are amazing. Check out the hummus and bacon wrap dates for appetizers. Looking forward to another fun night at Olive and Ivy!
5	O&I is the bees knees - face down (ass up) one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale/Phoenix, for sure!My significant lover and I stumbled upon this place by accident, we were actually trying to find Culinary Dropout but my (retarded) GPS led us astray but lo and behold - Olive & Ivy stared at us...and we stared right back into its glorious face.It's a huge restaurant and has a very upscale/classy vibe, but still maintains a romantically casual mood.  There's plenty of outdoor seating but what really takes the cake is the private dining in the back, which you typically need to reserve in advance unless you're lucky.Service is always friendly and spot on but, of course, what really shines is the food.  Allow me to plan out your entire meal for you (you're welcome):1. Start with the trifecta order of bruschetta and pick: prosciutto & fig, manchego, and fresh mozzarella.  You have not truly enjoyed bruschetta until you eat the aforementioned ones.2. Prosciutto & mascarpone tortelli for sure.3. Chicken scallopini - so tender, so juicy, so flavorful, AND it has prosciutto and mozzarella.  What more could you ask for?4. If you're feeling baller I say it's justified to spend $38 on the Filet of beef.  You will not regret your choice...unless you accidentally forget and order the bone-in ribeye instead (I warned you).5. I'm not big on getting dessert here since Gelato Spot is just down the street, but if you're up for it - try the peanut butter pudding.Bonus Tip: Go to Costco (or visit the website) and pick up the Fox Restaurant Concepts gifit cards.  You can buy two $50 giftcards for only $79.99, so that's 20% savings right there.And there you have it.  Get your gift cards from Costco, make your reservation on opentable, book the private dining area, experience heavenly flavors, and get ready to fall in love with Olive & Ivy.
4	My husband and I came here last night for the first time. We entered through the gelato side, not knowing where the dinner hostess was located. The girl working the gelato bar immediately greeted us and escorted us to the proper side. What happens next is what really irritated me. As we were walking towards the hostess stand there were two girls staring at us blankly. No "welcome!, how many?, how can we help you?"...nothing. I'm sorry but if you are in your 20s, you should know how to greet guests when they walk into a restaurant. I'd recommend some better training for the hostesses. Other than that...our waiter was friendly and our food was great. The veal and spinach ravioli was the best I ever had.
4	Great food and atmosphere.  Everything from a casual lunch to group parties are always fun at Olive & Ivy.  All around great place. The appetizers and drinks are spot on with plenty of share able dishes. We'll be back to O&I many more times.
3	Excellent food and service for Christmas Eve dinner... minus the refrigerator effectOur family has a tradition of visiting a nice restaurant for Christmas Eve Dinner. From the Brown Palace in Denver to the US Grant in Sand Diego to the Phoenician in Scottsdale, it's a special occasion to celebrate with relatives.This year, we decided to stay closer to home and agreed on Olive and Ivy for the cuisine and Yelp! ratings. It was a very good fit. Our service person, Jessica, did a fine job-- accommodating of taste preferences spanning grandparents to children, kept the timing of courses on track, and made sure drinks were never more tan 1/3 to empty.Bruchetta Trio was worth a try even if it was unremarkable. Hot chocolates hit the spot on a cold Scottsdale evening. Mediterranean salad, kale salad, and the plate of artichoke hearts were superb-- especially the latter.  Just as excellent, the rib-eye was supremely tasty and perfectly cooked, my wife was very happy with her salmon, and my father-in-law said the shrimp risotto was worth coming back for. The cheesecake was also good, though we were all so sated and chilly that it was a forced attempt at dessert.Speaking of chilly: One (BIG) knock is that there is a well-used door in the back room. When wait staff traversed in and out, it sent 40-degree air our way. And when an inconsiderate family was finished eating, they held the door open for a good five minutes as everyone sauntered out. A waiter finally noticed and came to have them close the door as I got up to ask them to not freeze us any longer. The result was the same: We ended up eating most of our meal with our coats on us and our food quickly lost its heat. I'm docking one star just for that poor experience and for no one noticing or making a good effort to fix things. Could just be that it's southern Arizona and they aren't used to looking for people eating with coats on, but still...Definitely worth the visit and I suspect the chilly letdown we had was an anomaly. The food and service staff were quite good.
5	This place is a staple in my book. Top 3 cesear salads in the city plus a bread and pesto starter that could start wars. For a placed restaurant still feels comfortable.. probably the king size seats :) A+ Fox
4	Like other reviewers have said, I expected a more intimate setting and was surprised to see something so large and bustling. Not a bad thing, just a mismatched expectation-reality thing.We started with some bruschettas. All good! Especially loved the mozzarella and apple caponata ones. For my main I had the big eye tuna--gorgeously done. Nice big chunks of meat that were seared nicely, on a bed of couscous and yumminess. I tried a bit of my dad's spicy pasta. SO spicy. Impressively spicy, really. The desserts were also great, and I have a hard time picking my favorite. Perhaps the coconut cakes in that soupy coconut sauce. I didn't get to try the chocolate cake but it looked really good.We were in the back room which offered us *some* respite from the noise of the restaurant (a great thing when they bring in an actual DJ and you're just trying to eat dinner!), but it also offered a blast of cold air each time a server went outside to help one of the diners sitting under a heatlamp. Oh well.
5	My family and I visited Olive and Ivy for brunch. The decor of the venue was fabulous and the ingredients for the food was fresh. My chopped salad was delicious and my wife's pouched egg sandwich was light and flavorful. We are heading back soon to try their dinner menu.
5	Food is terrific and the outdoor patio is the best seat in the house if you can reserve it :)
5	Wow amazing food and service! We didn't even have a reservation and they got us in within 10 minutes. After sitting, we received drinks promptly and ordered. Food came super quick. We ordered the kale salad with shrimp and the salmon plate. Also ordered an appetizer of bruschetta. We will be back. Good service. Delicious healthy food. Couldn't ask for much more!!!
3	Headed to this place for drinks and appies.  The restaurant is hip, spacious and trendy.  This is a great spot for tourists.  The staff were all friendly and apparently all the food is made in-house.  We ordered the calamari and I felt the portion was small and the dish quite salty.
1	Shady - an EMPLOYEE stole my phone then tried to buy things from the Apple Store, Home Depot, and Walmart.
4	Food was excellent.  I had the lamb meat balls, and some wine. Service was great as well.
2	Shrimp risotto was really quite mediocre - grainy. Service was a little cold. The Fritto Miso was too oily..  The lamb meatballs were quite good.  The Pacific Bass was only OK - but the vegetables were great with it. The bread and pesto were the best flavors of the night.
5	Had a great business lunch there and would absolutely recommend Olive & Ivy!!  Loved the atmosphere, decor, food and most of all the service.  Our server Mark was attentive, without being obnoxious.  They serve bread with their own Pesto sauce as their version of bread/butter, it was delicious.  I had their Gyro Sandwich with a light salad and it was flavorful.  Wish I would have sat in the patio area, but was concerned that it was still too cool.  Went out afterwards to check it out, and would highly recommend it.  The interior decor is definitely inviting as well, but with the great Phoenix Spring weather the patio should be great option.  Enjoy everyone!!
5	Another excellent fox restaurant. I have been here twice and both meals have been great. The salads and flatbreads are delicious, fresh, and filling. There are tons of vegetarian options. The servers are friendly and knowledgeable.(Christian was AWESOME) and the patio is beautiful, not many restaurants in AZ really create a special atmosphere, so bonus points for that.
