5	What, you haven't been to Bellisario's yet? This is about the only red sauce pizza I ever get a craving for, and boy howdy is it good. The crust is on the thin side and ever so crisp on the bottom, while still having enough dough on the edge to provide a nice chewy bit at the end of your slice. The dough itself is flavorful, not too... well, doughy. The sauce is great, and they don't drown the pizza in it. There's just enough cheese; not so much it's an overwhelming grease slick and not so little you can't tell it's there. If you can go while Mama's working, all the better.You can eat in here; they have four or five booths and generations worth of family photos on the walls. Two of us split a small (8-cut) pizza with one topping ($9) and with our two cans of pop we were out for $10. You can't beat that. And I'd put Bellisario's pizza up against any in the city.I grew up a five minute walk away. My mom loved Bellisario's and I have a lot of fond memories of walking through the alley to pick up a cheese pizza to bring home, my mom being too dollar-conscious to pay for delivery when there were perfectly able-bodied children around to go pick it up. Every time I have a slice, it brings back great memories. But I've had outside confirmation that it really is as awesome as I think it is.It's a little divey, stuck in the back of an old shopping plaza, but it's perfect. If you're in West Mifflin (say, going to Kennywood), drive over and eat a pizza. They've also got hoagies and calzones, and I think that's about it. But with pizza this good, who cares?
5	This place makes AWESOME pizza. Also, their Italian hoagies are great. The only problem is that they do not open until 4.
2	Okay so I just moved to the outskirts of Duquesne, PA which is outside of Pittsburgh from Harrisburg, PA of all places. Where I am at, really there is no delivery but these guys did. They were nice and cordial and cheap but I have been spoiled by the pizza shop in Harrisburg, Downtown, run my an old world Italian guy named Luigi. That pizza is/was MILES better than this. This crust, while thin, did not have flavor and was hard. The slices were small for their 8 slice which I did like. The cheese was good. The sauce was meh. I've definitely had way better. 2 stars for being cheap and delivering.
3	Good pizza and i love the breadsticks...i don't know too much else about this place
2	Pizza is very hit or miss. When the owners are there, it's really good. When they aren't, you get pizza that is over cooked (more like burnt) and LONG delivery times. The pizza, even when plain, is very greasy. Way more than other places around. Usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese. Also they do not take credit or debit cards. There are better options.
