5	The real deal!  If you like your Catholicism quiet and personal with a little organ music and perhaps some donuts after mass, then St. Mary's downtown Phoenix is the parish for you.Originally built in 1881, it is the oldest Catholic Church in Phoenix.  Staffed by the Franciscans and located in the heart of Downtown Phoenix.  The masses are traditional, thoughtful and beautiful.  The choir is phenomenal and there is an innate sense of family there-even as a guest.
4	Is it wrong to review a church? Maybe. o well.I'm getting maried here next year because I wanted my out of townies to see why i love phoenix. ( or at least what there is to love) I like and appreciate most churches in downtown environments and this place takes the cake. It reminds me of a lot of churches back east, plus its the only basilica in the state. just don't ask me what that means. the building is beautiful, most everyone is nice. And there's less homeless folks milling about than at the older churches back east. Or maybe its just the homeless people here are more well behaved because we have nice churches and good weather?who knows. The only downside to this place is that some parishoners have WAY too many non- well behaved small children with them, who tend to flounce around on the floor and shout. Not cool.
5	If you are looking for a classic Catholic church in Phoenix, this is it. St. Mary's Basilica has a beautiful sounding choir, wonderful priests and a historically Catholic feel with architecture and structure. I think it has something to do with the fact that Pope John Paul II visited this basilica years ago for World Youth Day. I've been going to St. Mary's Basilica for years. Ironically enough, Father Vince, who is a priest at St. Mary's Basilica, used to be the priest at St Isidore's in Danville, California which was the church I went to when I was growing up. During the holidays, I make sure I attend mass at St. Mary's Basilica. There's something about the architecture, music, and Mass that makes this a perfect church for those times. However, it's also a great church for Sunday mass. Around 7 years ago, my sister married her husband at St Mary's Basilica  and I was lucky enough to be the Maid of Honor. The wedding was a full Mass and made it such a special day for my sister, her husband, myself and everyone who witnessed the ceremony. There isn't much more I can say about St. Mary's Basilica in this review, but I will end this by saying that each Mass is a different experience and it's based on the person attending, but be sure to visit this church and attend a Mass so see if it's right for you.
5	This is one of the few things that I enjoyed in Phoenix.  Actually, there is nothing else except the baseball stadium, and lots of spring training stadia...otherwise, Phoenix sucks...A city?   I think not...
5	While visiting in-laws for Christmas, I attended Midnight Mass at St. Mary's Basilica in downtown Phoenix, and it was one of the first times I understood why it is said that Catholics "celebrate" the mass.The Basilica is a beautiful piece of Spanish colonial architecture run by Franciscan Friars, crowned with bell towers, palms, and stained glass windows.The Christmas altar was lit with candles and bursting like a heart in love with the reds of dozens of poinsettias.Midnight mass lasted until 2am, but was so rapt with happiness, that few seemed to mind or notice. Instead, the mass kept ascending in circles like the incense. It was like a holy party, with all of creation joining in the celebration of its Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.The mass was sung and prayed much more than spoken. There were traditional carols, Latin chants, and pieces of Handel's Messiah. The choir did wonderfully as the happy voices of those gathered were all taken up and transfigured as if by one power.The celebrant was Father Vincente Mesi whose beautiful, crystalline voice sang out and chanted the prelude to the declaration of Christ's birth as well as the Gospel reading from the pulpit.By 2 am the people began to stream out of the church with the bells tolling from the towers unabashedly with good news, pounding with a rebellious happiness against the tall, dark downtown buildings and skyscrapers of Phoenix. The bells sang the happy triumph, the surprise victory of love and meekness, over the pride and might of the world.Many, though no doubt not all, felt they had encountered the mystery of a happiness and joy that strips and transcends all human understanding. Many, though no doubt not all, walked away with their hearts full of this sacred joy. Those who did were at least for a moment transformed by this eternity--this holy party which is Christmas.
5	i love this church!! I found it before i moved to phx and saw that pope john paul went here, how many churches have been visited by the pope in america not many!! Made my three wishes, and love that the door is always open to pray. Also the stained glass windows are amazing!! I go here after my downtown hospital rotations or if I'm in the area!! I also like that they have afternoon mass at 12 and a mass for the deaf how great is that!! love this place a must see phx jem!
5	We are staying downtown and had decided to go to Sunday Mass in St. Mary's Basilica, one of the oldest churches in Phoenix.  From the outside, it's an mission style stucco exterior, while inside, all the alters are adorned with statues of the saints, and the pipe organ in the upper balcony is absolutely wonderful to hear.  Mass was very old school in that it was sung from start to finish.  It lasted 1 hour and 45 minutes.  Considering the Church is downtown, there were a large congregation present and not everyone looked like a tourist.  It's a beautiful old Church worth taking a look at.
5	This is the most. wonderful church I've ever been to! The masses are beautiful and the people are friendly and welcoming!  I can't imagine going anywhere else.
4	St. Mary's is conveniently located in downtown Phoenix and warmly welcomes everyone who enters.  My only complaint is the heavy smell of incense before we even entered the church (it wasn't a bad scent, just REALLY heavy).  We stepped inside en route to the convention center one day and it was beautiful and inviting inside.  Not sure what services they offer, but stop by and check 'em out!
5	Beautiful church...always open. Be sure to look closely at the remarkable stain glass.
5	I attended Mas here last Sunday and so happy I did! Sunday before last, I was dragged to Mass at The Franciscan Renewal Center and it was not joy. It was far too Liberal -- it's simply not my preference as a Catholic.Walking towards the Cathedral, you just feel a sense of history -- it's simply beautiful. I adore so many Patron Saints so I love all the decorated alters. Choir is simply amazing! Times keep changing...but I prefer to celebrate Catholic Mass in a more traditional manor. I attend St. Francis Xavier and Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church on a regular basis but will definitely attend Mass here more often.
5	If you are in the Phoenix downtown convention area and you are Catholic, you owe it to yourself to visit this Catholic Church. It is a church like no other. Its beauty is breath taking from the outside and when you step into this holy cathedral, you get a sense of belonging and feel the spirit overcome your body. It is a sacred place and an experience like no other.
5	Tranquility and a place to collect your thoughts. St.Mary's Basilica is a classic Roman Catholic church and is a wonderful  place to visit if you're in the  downtown Phoenix area.The stained glass,statutes, pipe organ, and high cathedral ceilings are spectacular.  You have to see the stained glass to truly appreciate its beauty. The combination of stained glass and masonry construction will bring you back to another era.  It reminds me of being back East and the time I spent traveling abroad . The outside of St. Mary's Basilica is as beautiful as the inside. The garden is a picturess place to take a causal walk. The garden is  shaded for those hot summer days, filled with varuous plants, trees,  with a magnificent water fountain in the middle.If your in the downtown Phoenix area and have some time stop by and enjoy the rich historic beauty of the Basilica.
5	if you are looking for a nice catholic church, all of them are good but the one I like the best is the basilica st Mary's,  choir is divine,the building is amazing, the history is great and the parishioners are so friendly and welcoming.  please visit you will love it.
5	My better half and I attended a weekday mass here last Thursday and it was a great experience.  The architecture is really something to see. The grounds are well manicured, and there are great statues as well. She and I try to attend mass whenever we're out of town. This was our third trip to the Phoenix/Scottsdale area this year, and this was the third church that we attended in the area. When you walk from building to building you can feel the history. You feel an incredible Peace. Unfortunately we were a few minutes late so she decided that we should sit in the last pew. She never sits in the back whether we're late or not. So I felt that something would be different that day.After we prayed, a gentleman from the other end of the pew walked to me and offered me a prayer guide. I accepted the gift and thanked him. When mass ended I walked over to him and we introduced ourselves. Gary was very kind. He gave her a prayer guide as well. He was very prophetic in the prayers he advised her to pray. Perhaps it was prophecy. Perhaps he was just enamored with her:) She has that effect on people! We will know soon if what he said will be our reality. We have both prayed these prayers since Gary gave us these little books. Thanks Gary! I think GOD was working through you when you spoke to us that day.
