3	From the website: "The $8 million Tropical Breeze is a 20-acre park near the corner of Tropical Parkway and Bruce Street. It includes three lighted soccer fields, an all-ages playground, water play area, group picnic grounds and walking trails." This is a relatively new park and for the first couple of weeks that it was open, it was awesome.  Unfortunately, people don't police themselves and the equipment was broken in record time.  I think it was only a couple of months before swings were missing, chains on some of the bigger equipment were broken, and some of the retaining walls around the plants were starting to crumble.  I would encourage parents to help each other out and keep their children from destroying such a nice park.
4	One thing about Las Vegas, there's a park everywhere.  This park is fairly close to home and lately I've been taking advantage of it.  Because the park is fairly new, everything seems to be in good shape.  I've used this park to walk, attempt to jog, and even used the picnic area to get some office/laptop work done.  This park has multiple soccer fields and when it's not being used it would serve as a great place to play catch with the kids or yourself. I'm not going to judge.  Couple of other things to point out.-At night this place can get a little shady. -Named Tropical Breeze, but during the summer this place is far from it, especially when the wind hits and the smell of the pig farm surrounds the air. PU!!!-I don't know what the actual hours are, but I have been here as early as 5 AM and late as 11 PM.
1	Whoever's big idea it was to put a black iron fence around 99% of the open grass ..u suck. Gotta play on a sanctioned soccer team to have fun inside the fence area.
4	My kids really enjoy this park because of the play area and splash pad.  The play area has both a pirate ship area for smaller kids and a climbing play area for a little older kids.  There are also two splash pad areas with lots of seating.  The splash pads do have issues with water collecting from what seems like poor design or a bad job laying the concrete.  There always seems to be kids at the park but it's not overcrowded like some parks such as Sunset.  The shelters can't be reserved which is unfortunate because this park is nice for kids parties.  We held a party there on a Thursday night though without any issues.  Overall a nice park with options for kids ages 2-12 I'd say.  There are also soccer fields but we didn't use.
