1	I am so sorry to have to do this, I do feel that if you can't say anything nice, ... well, you know ... so I don't.  But this restaurant is awful, despite the fact that they just remodeled.  I tried it a month ago because I wanted to try the 1/3 angus burger and see what that was all about.  The burger was "okay", but it was almost necessary to run a gauntlet to get it.  Right next to the front door, they had a full, full garbage can, and the stench was horrible - right next to the front door.  And then, I kid you not, I had to walk through a swarm of flies on my way to the front counter.  NOT appetizing.  I mentioned this to friends who said call the health dept., but I'm not going to do that to someone unless I see poisoned people in the aisles, let someone else do it if they want.  The reason I'm compelled to write is that I wanted to try another product (this is really close to my house), a chicken biscuit to compare to one I had in St. Louis to see if there were any decent biscuits here and McD's advertises this all the time - the biscuit was overcooked and horrible and the chicken was burnt.  I wasn't going in after the first experience, but I figured the drive through would be okay. The first window where they take the money was "womanned" by what seemed to be the manager, she was beyond rude.  The take out window girl was nicer, at least she smiled.  There are a lot of nice nice people at McDonalds, and a few have better food, but not this one!  Again, sorry...
1	I would give this place a 0-star review if I could! I swung by with my son (autistic ADHD/severe-anxiety), and my cousin while on our way home from job-hunting.1. First off the cashier serving us--I had to repeat parts of the order a few times, he repeated some way wrong, then he repeated the whole thing and I heard burger in part of the order (wow this place was noisy, too), so I thought he finally got it right and I was tired of how long it took to order a burger for my son who's very particular about what he gets (was ordering as a reward for being good), and get myself and my cousin a couple spicy chickens.2. The guy didn't give us our soda cups, IT TOOK COMPLAINING TO ANOTHER PERSON TO GET SOMEONE TO GIVE US THE CUPS FOR THE SODAS WE BOUGHT!! (Thank you, miss!) And we weren't the only customers he wasn't giving cups to, might I add!3. We walked to the table to get out of the way and I looked everything over to make sure it was right...Spicy Mc Chicken instead of a burger. So I thought, they're busy, I'd ask if my son wanted to try a chicken sammich, he was fine if I scraped everything off. Someone who was working here said its not necessary and she'd get what he ordered. (Another nice lady!)4. The cashier came to our table and started ARGUING WITH US, walked away and asked (a manager? I couldn't see), then came back and said "We'll have to charge you to get what you wanted", when all they had to do was replace the $1 Mc Chicken with a $1 burger with only ketchup on it. Other McD's have made the simple swap without hassle when they've messed up, although mess-ups have still been rare and except for this McD, those cashiers didn't try to pin the blame on the customer!End of it: I simply told him that he can forget about that, that we weren't going to pay extra to buy another item because HE messed up, and none of us are ever eating here again. Some other McD's can get our money.Putting smiles on kids' faces, huh? Yeah right.EDIT: Oh, and we didn't get our receipt back, so I can't exactly take it straight to the store manager. But we did get names.
2	Dear McDonalds Corporate. The franchisee running this McD location needs to be recalled to Hamburger University and retrained on how to run their franchise properly. This location fails on so many things. Start by teaching the staff to listen to a customer's order. Follow up by teaching them the importance of order accuracy over sheer speed. Train the staff to give the customer options if something is not available. And last but certainly not least spend some money to make sure your basic equipment works correctly. For example if you're a McCafe location and every time someone rolls up to your drive thru and they can't order anything, you're really not a McCafe location at all. In short most of the problems at this McDonalds can be traced back to MANAGEMENT FAILURE. Someone needs to extract their head from their derriere and run this location the way it's supposed to be run. 2 Stars and a complaint to McD Corporate in Illinois is the best I can give this place.
