5	I sampled a White Russian cupcake at the Yelp Pleydate event and fell in love. Delicious cupcakes filled with booze? Yes please! They're actually really good and I would still love them even if they weren't filled with booze. I think these cupcakes would be a great addition to any adult party or event. I'm just waiting for an excuse to order some!
5	OK, UUUUMMMMM Hello? I laugh when people think Sprinkles is good-yuk. I love Fairy Tale Brownies and other bakeries around town. However, then--- hello----- I died and went to heaven at Yelp Pleydate. These cupcakes are so crazy delicious! The best ones I have ever had! They do not have a store, sorry guys. They say they do catering only. I want to find their costumer list and stalk a wedding or something, like right out of Seinfeld or Friends.  "Yeah sure. Of course I know the bride. We went to Kindergarten together. Now leave me alone I am eating the cupcakes."  My advice to them, please open up a store and do it now! The White Russian one was the best but Shhhhhhhhh! I tried a lot of them that night and they were all fantastic!
5	Lana is awesome. We needed 4 dozen cupcakes on short notice and she was able pull it off. We got  Irish car bombs, lemon drops and pb&c. All were delicious. Took them over to the ASU dorms and they were destroyed.Gracias Lana.
5	My original review seems to have disappeared...Anywho, love these guys. I was introduced to their deliciousness at Yelps pleYdate. A few months later I contacted them about cupcakes for my husbands birthday. Lana was so awesome. She tweeked one of her delicious recipes specifically for us. Our fave shot is an Irish Apple (Irish whisky instead of Crown Royal) so she turned her Washington Apple cupcakes into Irish Apples, and they were soooooo delicious. We also got the Irish Car Bombs, so good. Lana even worked w/ me on a time and place to pick them up! My husband was super surprised and thought they were absolutely great. Success!!!Affordable prices, delicious product, and awesome people. Could you ask for anything more?
