2	Tech support has long been known as the business for the socially inept who enjoy condescension and overcompensating.  Problem is, most of us need tech support.  Minor problems may be fixable by jiggling a wire or playing with Microsoft settings, but when something significant fails, the service of teckies is required.I went into Simple Computer Repair with several problems -- a computer hard drive failure that required a data back up, installation of a wireless card and installation of a new hard drive.  Let me start by saying that their work on installing hardware and backing up data was excellent and problem free.  And their pricing for the work seemed really cheap compared to Best Buy/Geek Squad. So why the two stars?  Well, their customer service was horrendous.  The woman working seemed irritated that I was there and didn't want to listen to what was going on with the computer.  Then, when things started to go wrong with the installation, the customer service managed to get worse.  When I picked up the computer and turned it on, the computer recognized that a wireless card existed, but the computer couldn't connect to the wireless network.  When I called the shop to explain the installation wasn't working, they didn't want to help diagnose the problem, they only wanted me to bring the computer back.  So I did.  They tinkered with the software and claimed it was working.  When I returned home after the problem was "fixed," the computer still couldn't connect to the wireless.  When I called back, I tried to talk through the issue with the woman working there in case it was just something I didn't understand so that I didn't have to go back in to the store.  She didn't want to hear about it and just repeated that I should come in.  I pushed and finally got to speak with the owner or manager of the shop.  He was actually willing to come out to the house and solve the problem.  He was so nice that I wanted to give the place 5 stars, but he didn't actually solve the problem.  I still couldn't connect to wireless and had to bring in Geek Squad to configure the wireless software with the wireless router.Bottom line: the place is great for installing hardware, but if you want something fixed that involves specific software being compatible with hardware (so that the computer just turns on and works when you get home), it's not the place to go.  Two stars for the good work, minus three for the bad experience.
5	I recently had virus problems on 2 laptops that happened on a Sat. afternoon. Joe took care of right away, called  me on Sun. with the problems and the cures. Both computers were ready on Mon afternoon.I was originally going to Geek Squad @ Bestbuy . They take way too long and also send your computer out for repairs.This was my first time using Simple and they are near were I live.
4	I took my compter in after it became an expensive paper weight. Being new to the area and used to the Geek Squad policy of sending your computer away for repairs, we were more than pleased to have our repaired computer home in 3 days. The staff was proffessional and friendly and the price they quoted was the final repair price. When I returned a week later with another perceived problem, the staff gave me the answer to the problem at no cost. I highly recommend this business to everyone who finds themselves with computer issues!
5	The best and most honest computer place I've found!  I'd give them 10 stars if I could!!!  Thanks for taking care of all my computer related issues!  Think you can reprogram my kids to clean their rooms too?  ;-)
5	These guys are great. The knowledge of the service folks is unparalleled and they're actually very nice guys. Medina did a great job diagnosing my MacBook Pro--even better than what I would have received at the Genius bar. Ditto with my monitor. Great guys.
5	We are a little grassroots organization that needed help with our two computers that were on their last legs, one they cleaned up and the other was not such an easy fix and we were going to loose it. We have 5 people that utilize/ Share the two computers, with that said it was hard to get stuff done in a timely manor. When Jim from Simple Computer Repair found out that we were loosing one of our two computers, he quickly told us that Simple Computer Repair had a non-profit side, that gave computers to other organizations who are in need. We got two computers that replaced the one that went out on us. we are very grateful and appreciative to Simple Computer Repair for their kindness and generosity. They are always friendly and helpful... great customer service. Thank you!
5	Outstanding Service. I brought my PC in because of a jammed CD. Sam the Tech resolved the problem and I was headed home in 15 minutes. Fair and reasonable Service Fees. I would most definitely recommend this shop.
5	Professional and great prices. I would not by Iphone accessory's anywhere else but here. 5.00 Speck cases, chargers etc !!!!
1	STOLE MY COMPUTER'S PARTSSo I have a story for you all. My husband took my Hp laptop to be repaired to this place. He was told that they could give us a call the next day to give us an  estimate and tell us what was wrong with the computer. I went ahead and called the place for three days and from being told they were behind and other excuses I finally showed up. They told me that the mother board died and there was no repair. Computer was garbage. They also told me to come back because they had it opened and needed to put it together. Came back again and walked away with a dead 3 year old computer. Well, guess what? We took it to two different people:  the first one was a technician friend of a friend and he told us that there were parts missing from my computer. I was shocked. At this point we decided to call and confront them and obviously they denied it all. We really didn't know what parts were taken so we  donated it to a relative whos a college student in Mexico, thinking that he could add the parts that were missing. Well, guess what he found when he tried to repair it himself : nothing. So they stole whatever they could re use and those parts will be charge as new to one of your computers. Karma to you and know that you will get what you deserve. Will be pressing charges pretty soon. Good thing I kept my invoice and have cell phone bills proving the several phone calls we made. Shame on you!
5	I highly recommend this place for phone and computer repair. They were able to rescue my 20 minute water-immersed iPhone and their customer service skills are impeccable. Robbie and Bobby salvaged my iPhone and made it as good as new.  I will always come here for technical support from now on. The crew really know their stuff. I'm a very satisfied customer.
5	Fixed my iphone glass on the front and back for $95. Spent $15 more for tempered glass and an otter box case but I've dropped my phone twice since then and everything still looks great!
5	I'm not afraid to break anything anymore.  I know these guys will fix it right up.  Awesome service.  Highly recommended
5	I came here to check my PC for issues since my job kept indicating I was having issues through my end. I work from home so having my PC is important. The guys here were SO helpful they did every test possible and were able to help me clear that there was nothing wrong with my PC!! They were even nice enough to give me a print out to show to my job that there was nothing wrong with my PC. This will be my first to go place in the future if I ever have PC issues again!! Everyone was very helpful :)) thanks guys!!
