3	Snappy Auto Spa is a no frills, cheap and quick way to knock that layer of dust covering your car. For between 5 to 12 bucks, you can sit in your car while it's in neutral and get a pretty decent shine. It is right next door to a Sonic drive-in, so I suggest getting a slushee beforehand for the ride through the wash. In addition, they also have stations for you to do a self service job with the vacuum and detailing tools. Not a place to go for that full service detail job, but a great in between tune up.
2	I don't know why, but I've always had the biggest problem getting my car washed on a regular basis. Even all the dust here in Phoenix hasn't inspired me to make the car wash a regular stop. Ok, if I'm going to be perfectly honest, my trip to Snappy Auto Spa last week was only the second time I've gone to get my trusty vehicle washed in the nine months I've lived here in Phoenix. Needless to say, my laziness in terms of actually going to get my car washed extends to my laziness in terms of actually washing it. While there are multiple places closer to my house to get a self-service wash, I specifically selected Snappy Auto Spa because I had seen a sign a few weeks prior that said that they now offer a full-service option. When I arrived at Snappy Auto Spa, I pulled up to the little check-in kiosk, where a guy was waiting to help me select which option I wanted (I chose the basic wash ($5) plus the third-level (of 4) full-service packages (I believe it was $12 or so). I pulled up to the track where the wash begins (you know, the part where you put the car in neutral and lower your antenna). The guy standing there to give these instructions the wash wasn't exactly helpful when I struggled a bit to line my wheels up with the moving track (I don't think he spoke a word of English), but to be fair to him, I'm not exactly a pro at getting my car washed!After going through the wash, I pulled up to the full-service station, where several guys started vacuuming my seats, polishing the exterior, etc. I sat on a bench in the sun and waited for them to be done thinking to myself that this whole experience wasn't really that bad! After about ten minutes, the guys called me over and gave me back my keys. I tipped them for a job well done and headed out of the parking lot. About 10 seconds later, I went to turn the radio on and realized that the front of the volume dial was missing! I screeched to a halt, put the car in reverse and went back to the full-service station. I won't bore you with every detail of what happened in the next 45 minutes, but to make a long story short, it turns out that they somehow vacuumed up the little plastic piece. 2 of the guys who had been working on the car gave me attitude about looking for the piece and refused to take some amount of responsibility for the fact that they had damaged part of my car, telling me that they could have the manager (who wasn't supposed to be there until 2 hours later) call me. However, I must say that I was very impressed by the way one of the guys didn't follow the others' leads, instead telling me that he would "make it right." He  insisted on getting the manager there, having her open up the vacuum and digging through God-knows-what to find the piece. As much as his commitment to customer service impressed me, though, I can't give Snappy more than two stars. After all, if you rewind to the beginning of this review, I told you--my trusty Yelper--that I HATE going to the car wash. I find it time-consuming and painless enough without having to spend an extra 3/4 of an hour at the damn place waiting for someone to fish a piece of my car dial out of the vacuum. Life is too short to waste time at a non-Snappy car wash. Next time, I'll drive a little farther to find somewhere else or go somewhere self-service. After all, one of my favorite sayings is "You want something right, you do it yourself."
4	I get a car wash about every ten days.  I drive a black car so I'm picky on which automated car washes I will drive through. Cons:  The details are inconsistent.  You can get a fantastic job and then once in a while catch a team that's far less careful.  The hours are not always followed.  I live far and will make the trip for service to find out its closed early. Near the vacuums there are bumble or killer bees.  I'm allergic so I have to dance around them most visits.Pros:  The wash is perfect.  Lots of soap and it knocks off all the bugs and dust /pollution that Arizona notoriously provides in the air.  The dry is touch-less and actually dries most of the water.  The cost is reasonable which allows me to keep my black car black most of the time.  The service people are always nice.  I like the mirror at the top to keep my wheel aligned before placing it in neutral.  The vacuums are free and work well in shaded areas.  When I choose the full service there is a shaded area with water mist to keep you cool.  I would rather go inside if I'm wearing something nice but it is a car wash.  I'm thinking that this summer I may spring for the VIP card.
4	My car was caked with dirt and for only 12.00, the auto wash did a pretty good job. The only bad thing was there was a weird purple gloss/shine on my car for about 24 hours but thankfully it went away. You should come here for a quick wash.
4	I really enjoy Snappy. It's fast, cheap and efficient. There's usually someone at the kiosk to help you select your service and take your antenna off. You can get the no frill $5 car wash but I usually upgrade to the $7 one that includes tire shine. For an additional $7 you can add on full service. The guys at the full service station barely know English but they are friendly and do a dang good job cleaning my car and that's what matters. I wish there was an indoor waiting area but they do have the outdoor waiting area covered with the misters on full blast on the hot days. Sonic is literally 30 steps away so getting a slushy while you wait is definitely in order. For you do-it-yourselfers they have free vacuums and a vending machine full of cleaning products at a decent price.
5	So, my primary car is parked outside, and since I have to get it washed every time it even sprinkles, I'm a cheap carwash regular.   I've been to many of the $5 carwashes, and Snappy on 48th St and Broadway is The Best Cheapo Carwash.  Here's why - They always have a clean, picked up, facility.  I never get the ew yuck I don't want to touch the buy wash kiosk factor.  For those that have problems with the machine, there's usually someone there to help get them through the (very easy) touchscreens.  The attendants are great at pre-spraying my car and putting on some de-bugger before it goes into the wash tunnel.  There are SO many facilities that don't do this!  And it makes a big difference in the results.  In the tunnel, the spray things that get your wheel wells and tires are turned on, even for the cheapy $5 wash.  Other joints often turn those off for the cheap wash, which bugs the heck out of me.  Vaccums are always working, and there is a $1 mat clean if you need it.  Lots of bays to vaccum your own car, it's easy to get one that is shaded right for whatever time of day you are there.  Little things like, they plant flowers at the entrance to the wash!  Who does that?  It's cool, though.  So, there you have it, a great place for a quick wash.
5	Wow! Inexpensive car wash plus a free vacuum. I don't see how you can go wrong!
2	Didn't open on time. The guys just stood there and looked at me as they smoked. Not cool IMO. They finally opened at 8:15 (15 minutes after they were supposed to). Fail.
5	Clean, safe, and friendly establishment with very good prices for their services!
4	Snappy Auto Spa is a great drive-by, quick fix spot for me to freshen up my vehicle with little effort, little time and little monies (as I do the FRESHEN UP option so frequently)!  They have both the express, speed through service as well as the personal full service and they offer FREE vacuums......Good stuff!
1	A 25.00 Olive Garden gift card just so happen to be missing out of my middle console after I got my car detailed here. I'm not saying they stole it, but I have yet to find it...I will not go here ever again.
2	Main reason for the 2 star review:  value provided for the service. I came here because it's close to my work so I wanted a place I could stop in on my lunch break.  I went with the $12  Spa Extreme wash and all it did was run me through the automated wash in about 1 minute and gave it a quick dry with the blowers. The dust was all washed off, but the car was still pretty wet with spots all over. I know this can be expected from just a quick blow dry, but $12 seems pretty excessive for that kind of limited service that took a whole 1-2 minutes at the most.  Looks like a nice new facility, but I'll be trying another car wash near my work next time around.
1	This place is the slowest full service I have ever been too. And the wash tunnel did not even get all of the dirt off the car.  For $16 I could have done a better job myself.
4	Still dig the Snappy car wash - not quite as on the ball as they used to be though - no more flowers, and the full service wash guys are often over-booked.  It's nice that they have the option of full service, but check to see if they are busy before paying for it up front, you may end up waiting quite some time to get your car back!
1	This place is not what it used to be. I went with the $16 car wash and I am not satisfied with the wait time or the service. After I pulled up to the full service canopy 2 car that were there after me got serviced first.The vacuuming and interior window cleaning was awful. To top it off the guys acted as if I were inconveniencing their day at the car wash. Anyway, I think it's time to take my business elsewhere! Not a happy camper!
