4	Fish sandwich is huge!  Get it instead of the fish n chips.  Skip the cheese.  Great staff, very friendly!
3	Went during a weekday afternoon for a burger with my daughter. We were the only ones in there. Our waitress took our order and disappeared. After she brought our food she then disappeared again and didn't come back until another customer came in maybe about 20 minutes after she brought our food. If it wasn't for that couple coming in, she would have not gotten the chance to refill our drinks or ask us how everything was because we were already done and waiting for the check. She was nice though. All in all good food but just ok service.
1	So I decided to give this place another chance.....Bad idea. It smelt like the sewer system was backed up in there. AGAIN we were the ONLY ones in there. It took well over 40 minutes to get our food and that is including the time it took for them to remake our food because it was undercooked. The Health Department was in there and we should have left as soon as their A rating dropped to a B but since I work in the food business I understand that a B isn't necessarily a bad thing. All in all I really don't think they deserve my money a third time.
3	I have been coming to this particular spot since it was Timbers. The one major difference in the change of name and ownership? A shit-ton less pretension. In a city where even the smallest of neighborhood bars can afford to be dickheads and serve the like, Joey's stands out as a comfortable place to sit down and relax after a long day and just talk or play pool or drink. The food is your typical American Continental Bar flair, but not horrible. If you like a bar where everyone knows your name or at least asks it upon entry with a hearty handshake, go here. Because it isn't right next to a major street (about a football field from the 95) outdoor seating would be a great addition!
3	Joey's, back when it used to be Timbers, used to be my favorite bar in town.  I could walk over the 95 to the restaurant, enjoy a bowl of super delicious chili along with a couple of delicious drinks, and have a great conversation with one of my favorite bartenders, Meredith.  Times change, however.  Joey bought it and eventually stopped serving food late night since the poor choice of allowing bartenders to blast rap and hip/hop music to a crowd that wasn't really fond of it drove a lot of their regulars away, resulting in a loss of funds late night.  So individuals like myself who usually only hang out and drink after eating a meal or during were left disappointed. Meredith went to day shift, where it's near impossible for me to get with my schedule, but it was frustrating to have someone with such a tremendous personality and a regular customer following to just vanish on her regular crowd.  Their food has some great dishes.  The breakfasts have touches such as onion/pepper/potato mixes in lieu of hash browns and they are seasoned well and a lot of their food is excellent bar food.  As I mentioned before, the chili is really up there.  The portions for soup and salad are on the larger side.The decor looks like Gaston from Beauty and the Beast had go at the place with antlers all over.  I LOVE the comfy wing chairs.  Super comfortable, although service can be a pinch slow there vs. in the booths.  If you want fast service, sit at the bar or at the side booths, as my general recommendation for this place. They also offer free wi-fi and have karaoke on Friday nights, which is supposedly hilarious to witness.  Pool tables available as well.I would give four stars if they offered food late night and if the offered breakfast all day buuuut no go.
4	Try the BBQ Burger. Also, try the Redwood and/or Big Sky martinis. Very tasty!
4	I have been here twice.  Both times for beer and food.  The first time was on a Thursday night and the special was $2 for a fajita taco.  Oh, what a taco it was.  The meat had enormous flavor.  There was onion, bell pepper, and cheese.  There was sour cream and salsa on the side.  Delicious.   And the beer kept coming.  Actually, I didn't really want the beer at the time.  But hey, who am I to refuse what was poured for me.  Besides, it was still happy hour.  The next time I went back I had a coupon for a free pitcher of beer.  So my roommate and I went.  We got a pitcher of Bud Light (a $12 value come to find out) and some food.  He got the fish and chips.  I got the Western Style Philly.  The meat on that sandwich was so good.   I wish there had been more of it.  It taste like the steak I would make at home.  That is a good thing, by the way.  I got my sandwich with coleslaw.  Looking at the fries sitting across from me with a plate of fish I started wishing I had ordered the fries.  The coleslaw was fine.  It seemed to be very fresh.  The fries would have been more filling though.  Eh, live and learn.  Anyhow, the service has been good each time I've been in.  The waitress this last time was joking wih us about how the Shock Top is so damned good the owner wont even serve it. LOL.  I'm starting to like Joey's.  The food, the beer, the service and especially the music.  I love classic rock.
1	Horrible service, mediocre food. I am appalled at the poor customer service I received for my first time (and last) at this restaurant. I came in with a restaurant.com certificate to try this restaurant. From the moment I told the staff that I had a coupon, their continual comments instantly made me feel degraded. I highly discourage anyone from wasting their time, money, or appetite at this restaurant.
1	Terrible experience.  Bartender Jim was rude and evasive. Ordered a cheeseburger-standard bar food. It was cold in the middle and the bun was soggy. I asked for ketchup twice and finally had to just get it myself. We ordered another shot and he never made it. By this time I was so irritated we asked for the check. That took another 10 minutes. Jim just walking around the bar in circles pretending to be busy. I tried Joey's once and will never go back.
1	Worst bar ever!Place was practically empty, and the bartender still took forever to come take our order.   He flat out ignored us for awhile, even.  We ordered white wine.  Cheapest, most disgusting garbage ever.  I haven't had wine that bad since I was 18 on a military base in England getting drunk with a bunch of broke airmen...myself being equally broke and boozing on a budget. Awful all around.  Will never go back.
1	Went there again with some friends, to see Jackie I guess we know a mutual person that I don't like so she threatened me with violence that she would pull me off the bar stool and stomp my skull in. But that's cool. I can go give my money to another bar with a more professional staff.
2	Went there with my husband for the first time a few months ago. When we walked in, it's like everyone knew we've never been there but we decided to try it since we had a Restaurant.com coupon.  The place wasn't busy with 3 other people dining at the bar.  It took over 30 minutes for the waitress to even come around to get our drink orders and when we wanted a few more minutes, that took even longer! The food took long as heck to be delivered and it was okay. It wasn't good but it wasn't the worst food.  I believe the waitress was being fake towards us because it was like she was trying to be nice but you could tell she wasn't happy we were there with our coupon...and she over charged us but my husband just wanted to leave.  We will never, ever come here again.
4	The food was tasty. Decent selection of beer on tap. Food came out right on time. Very laid back environment, nice local bar to grab a bite and a drink, after work or to just hang out.
3	The food is good I got a bbq chicken pizza and side of fries. The pizza was ok -- It came with raw onions and I am not a big fan of those on pizza's if they where caramelized onions it would have tasted better, because of the sauce and onion just left a raw taste in mouth. I like the idea of a breaded chicken part for the bbq chicken that was a good idea. ok on fries they where steak fries -- I am not a fan of these at all, they tend to get cold fast and then become soggy witch happened. Maybe change up to shoe string fries or seasoned fries Thankfully with my name is joey lol I would like to at least give this place a second try and see what they can do. They are cheap on prices witch is nice but sometimes there is a off set in price vs food.
2	If you have standards set higher than when you were a teenager trying to score illegal booze, then don't bother.  This place is a dive.  There are much nicer places around Vegas, and I prefer to drive farther just to get to a better location with better service.I was there with a couple of friends and they both ordered wine, which they told me to taste because they said it was the worst wine they ever tried.  They were right. It was just awful.  Probably the cheapest wine I've ever tasted. I figured I'd order a beer and be safe, and the beer was good, but with my friends barely touching their drinks, we really didn't have a good time at all.The atmosphere was a bit sad, too.  Kinda felt like I was surrounded by a bunch of tired, unhappy alcoholics who were just there to drown their sorrows.  There was no energy to the place at all.  Not my scene.  I prefer a little laughter and excitement to hang out with friends, maybe watch the game, and kick back a few.  We moved on to greener pastures after just one drink and don't plan to ever go back.
4	I'm a regular customer. Tasty burgers, a quiet, laid back atmosphere, and comfy big lounge chairs. Great place to relax or unwind, grab a social bite or drink.On the downside, it's a little hard to give someone directions because it's tucked behind a few other places, and the liquor selection is a little slim.
