5	This place is great!  Animal Outfitters has a store with premium products and the best doggie daycare in Champaign.Pros: -Great doggie daycare-Very helpful (and knowledgeable staff)-The highest quality dog foods (none of that grocery store garbage)-Dog training classes from a professional trainerCons: -Limited selection of some products in the small store area-No website
5	My dogs LOVE Animal outfitters! I began taking them here for daycare one afternoon a week about a year ago to help them with socialization and for extra exercise. They always seem to have a great time, as there's lots of tail wagging and excitement when we get in the car to head over. The staff is wonderful and you can tell that everyone really cares about each and every one of the dogs in their care. The prices on food, toys, and treats are very good as well, although the selection is fairly limited. If you'd like to work some extra play time into your dog's schedule, I highly recommend checking out Animal Outfitters!
3	First of all, there doesn't seem to be much competition around here in terms of doggy-day camp.  I'm pretty disappointed by the apparent lack of this service in the C-U area.  I stopped by here to inquire about rates and to check the place out.  At $18 (half-day)/$27 (full-day), this is the most expensive day care I've come across.  I also asked about whether or not small and large dogs are separated--the answer was a bit ambiguous but it seemed to be "no".  That said, the man I spoke to did tell me that they will be opening another facility in Champaign within the next month specifically for smaller dogs.  I look forward to checking that out, although I still think the pricing is a bit steep.The staff seemed very kind, and I have no doubt that the animals in their care are well looked after.  Personally, however, I am hesitant to leave my dog at a place that does not separate dogs of different sizes/temperaments.  I used to work at a kennel/doggy-day care, and I shudder to think of the chaos that would have ensued if small and large camps had been mixed.In terms of food/pet supplies, the shelves were half empty and the selection minimal.  It looks like they stock some quality food and treats, but the only reason to buy anything here would be convenience (i.e. you're picking up your dog from camp/the vet and need to get some food/treats).  Otherwise, you might as well just drive down the street to Prairieland Feeds.If driving 1 hour to Bloomington made any sense, I would take my dog to Paradise Pet Hotel and Day Spa.  $16 for a full day, and they explicitly state on their website that dogs are separated by size and temperament (as they should be!)  Helloooo C-U when are you going to open a similar business?
4	Updated to add that they now have doggie day camp for small dogs.
5	**update** I just saw that they opened a new small dog daycare and I think that's good but I still think the comment of not separating dogs is just silly. ******I completely disagree with the person who said the dogs should be separated according to size and terpermanent. I talked to Mark and Jean (the owner's) before taking my dog there and I know that they work hard to make sure all of the dogs get along. A dog isn't allowed back there if there are any issues. Dogs can naturally adjust to each other. You don't need to separate them by size. It's GOOD FOR YOUR DOG to be with dogs of other sizes! Hello it's good socialization! In any case I'm just saying that because they're well trained there and will do everything they can so that your dog has a good experience. It makes me sad to read such a negative comment because Mark and Jean have worked with our dog. OK I hope I didn't sound too preachy! I've just talked to the owner's a lot and they're doing all they can to make a great store! I wish I could take my dog in more often but my crazy schedule doesn't allow it.Give 'em a try!
5	The best place for high quality food for dogs and cats for sure. I'm from Champaign but I've been living in Chicago and we have a Kriser's across the street from our house that I've become obsessed with. Our English bulldog has a ton of allergies so we feed her Call of the Wild food her system has gotten very used to it. So when we ran out when we brought her to Champaign, I kind of had a mini-freak-out moment because I knew PetSmart didn't carry anything like it.Animal Outfitters to the rescue. We found every flavor of her food PLUS canned food which I didn't even know existed. Also, we could bring her in and she got to meet a Great Dane (soooo huge and awesome!) when we were there too. This place is the best and work the drive!
