5	Jin Ju gets five stars alone for her exemplary level of customer service.Upon entering, Jin Ju welcomed us to her shop and handed my friend and I two wrapped chocolate pretzels. I was already impressed and was ready to purchase a variety of her chocolates. We began talking about her offerings and her background in chocolate making. She said she had worked at Mars Candy for 6 years where she was a Master Chocolatier. She began giving me different chocolates to sample and sharing her passion with us. I decided on an assortment of 8 chocolates choosing the lemon sea salted caramel; espresso crunch bon bon; vanilla dream bon bon; champagne truffle; organic honey truffle; cappuccino truffle; berry jelly chocolate lip; Swiss milk chocolate bar with summer berries and shortbread cookies. Each and every chocolate was exquisite in appearance and reflected her attention to detail and passion in sharing her craft with her customers. My favorites were the espresso crunch; organic honey truffle; berry jelly chocolate lip. The espresso crunch had a subtle espresso flavor that paired well with the silky smooth dark chocolate ganache and hints of caramel flavor. Jin Ju explained the honey used in the honey truffle was local and organic. I thought the flavor of the honey combined with the milk chocolate and dark chocolate was a good pairing. In the future, I would like to see more variety in what she fills her chocolates with such as buttercream or nougat. Additionally, I would like to see her make her own oreo cookies and twinkies in house.
5	Stumbled upon Jinju Chocolates while visiting Las Vegas & I feel as if I found a chocolate gold mine. First, Jinju was extremely professional & personable. After sampling her amazing sweets I was compelled to have a box of her delicious chocolates mailed to a friend of mine. Jinju handled everything for me & my friend received it the next day. I will definitely use Jinju Chocolates as gifts for Christmas or any other special occasion. Her customer service is above & beyond exceptional.
5	I received some of these chocolates in the mail yesterday, and of course was delighted and amused to see that we shared an unusual name.  And then I ate them, all of them.  The pretzel chocolates were my favorite, but all of them were so delicious and beautifully made and that I will definitely make it a point to stop by the next time I'm in vegas to try the rest of their selection.On top of that, when I thanked my friend for thinking of me, she glowed about how incredible her experience was at the store and how helpful the staff was--working in the hospitality industry myself, I'm so glad that there are still businesses that clearly still care about treating people well, and I hope that these are the businesses people continue to support.
4	Delicious treats try the green matcha so good. It's also nice when you walk in and get a free sample as a welcome.
5	Once we walked in the store we were greeted with free samples. Awesome Sauce! - chia tea truffles I believe. It reminded me of Starbucks chia tea which I dig. This led to purchasing a chocolate cover Twinkee, which was crunchy on the outside and soft an yummy on the inside. Very good! And a couple of truffles - bacon Carmel and salty. Both were delectable. The items we purchased were pricy, which was expecting being a specialty store but very good none the less. Check it out the next time you visit Container Park
5	Walked in to the store to meet Jin Caldwell.  She was rated by her peers as one of the 10 best Chocolatiers in America, and it shows.  She has an in depth knowledge of chocolate and her products show great variety and combination of flavors.Her chocolates are a treat for the eye as well as the tongue.I have enjoyed chocolates from JinJu and Jin is my new preferred vendor when I need a special chocolate assortment.Her store is a welcome accessory to Container Park.
5	I'm not a chocoholic, but when I am in the mood for some, I only want the good stuff. Jinju certainly offers the good stuff.I was meeting my friend for a dinner to celebrate her birthday, so I stopped by Jinju ahead of time to pick her up a birthday gift. I opted for a prepackaged assortment for her and couldn't resist a few little treats for me as well. Everything was decadent and deliciously smooth. I was impressed with the ice packs that they provided so my chocolates wouldn't melt in the summer heat. There isn't much that would make me want to visit Container Park, but this little shop is just about the only thing that could do it.
5	Items Selected:Fortunato 4 Sea Salt and Fortunato 4 Honey Comb MeltawaysTruffles/Tablets - Honey, Matcha, Cappuccino, PB&J, Fleur de Sel Caramel, Hazelnut Praline, Espresso Crunch, Tahitian Cream, Vanilla Dream, Espresso Caramel, Fig-Red Wine, Berry Mascarpone, 72% Dark, CitrusGluten Free BrownieChocolate Covered PretzelsMilk Chocolate LollipopsMilk Toffee AlmondsPecan Caramel TurtleWhite Chocolate Raspberry RocherChocolate Covered AlmondsMidnight Downtown BarTranslated to 'treasure' or 'pearl' and featuring the considerable talents of Jin Caldwell I was fortunate enough to attend a meet-and-greet at JinJu Chocolates on Saturday afternoon and with the young chocolatier present to answer questions about her career path, product, and passion throughout an hour long stay I can say with assurance that both the brand and its founder fit the moniker on the label.  Every bit artisan with well selected beans forming the base of inspired bars, bob-bons, truffles, and confections crafted by a team of eight in an offsite professional kitchen the JinJu storefront on the second floor of The Container Park is the chef's first true brick n' mortar and although many have seen her work over the last three years featured at various hotels, including The Venetian, the full collection in such a cozy space is truly something to behold.  Admittedly benefitted by the 'event' and thus afforded the ability to sample widely as Ms. Caldwell smiled on and educated the crowd it would truly be difficult to decide exactly where one would be best advised to invest on a first visit to JinJu but, with items all trending more affordable than Strip legends like Jean-Philippe or Vosges, the truffles are definitely a good start - each $1.75 bauble beautifully crafted with flavors like Honey, Matcha, Figs-Red Wine, and Tahitian Cream set to tantalize even the most sophisticated of tastes.  Equally gifted In crafting whimsical items including pretzel rods, chocolate covered Twinkies or cookies, nut-clusters, and a decadent gluten-free brownie another focal point for those seeking something special are Jin's bars - the 702 Mob particularly impressive - and most of all the collection of Fortunato 4 wafers, each piece of the single origin chocolate a slowly melting tribute to exactly what can happen when exquisite ingredients meet the hand of someone with so much skill and passion.
5	I ventured to the Container Park before dinner Saturday afternoon and ended up at JinJu Chocolates on the second floor of the west side of the park.  I have been seeing check ins but had so far not been there.I bought three bars--Elviiiis, Park Ranger, and Sin City.  Not being able to wait, I opened the Elviiiis last night and had a few squares.  The Elviiiis is a combination of San Francisco milk chocolate, peanut butter mousse, and banana chips.  If it weren't so rich, I would have eaten more.  The high quality ingredients and the flavor make you want to savor your chocolates and not just eat it all.  The banana chip pieces in the bar were excellent texture and tasting!I am looking forward to trying the other two bars, but I'm going to behave and dole out small quantities.I had the chance to meet the owner, Jin, as she is a delight.  Nelson Q. explains that Jin is Korean for pearl.  She certainly is!  She has a radiant smile and a knowledge of chocolate that is amazing.  Her desire to make the very best chocolate treats comes through in everything she does.I'll be back at the Container Park soon to see Jin again!
5	Sometimes, you get to experience the sort of thing Plato was thinking about when he wrote of the 'perfect forms of things'. I think Jinju nailed the Platonic Form of chocolate that all other chocolates can aspire to be. And its affordable for anyone. The world we get to live in, I tell ya. I pop in here everytime I'm downtown while they are open for 2 (well, 3...or 4...well maybe 5, one more can't hurt...) sinful treats. For me? The milk chocolate caramel pecan cluster. Salty crunchy gooey chocolatey...ohhhh, yes. For my husband, the "perfect" peanut butter cup. Pb and j truffle to split...and the rest depends entirely on my self control.Be warned, you will ruin hersheys bars forever. Oh well...
5	A room full of truffles and Willy Wonka concoctions?  I think I have died and gone to heaven right in Downtown Container Park.  On the second floor, in a tiny corner is JinJu Chocolates, selling everything from little spheres to football-sized chocolate.  Let me first say that I am not as adventurous with chocolate as I am with food in general.  I only like a select number of nuts in my soft sweet treats, and I don't like any fruit in them whatsoever.  I don't even enjoy any fruit flavors.  Well... until JinJu Chocolates made me a convert.The mastermind behind JinJu chocolates, Jin Caldwell, is a native of Korea.  Jin translates to "treasure," while JinJu translates to "pearl."  This is how she crafts her chocolate, with a passion for flawless perfection.  As any pastry chef can attest, the recipe should be technically perfect for a product to be successful.  Jin Caldwell has 20 years of chocolatier experience under her belt with Bellagio and Wynn-Las Vegas Resorts, and her latest venture before going solo was Master Chocolatier for Ethel Chocolates and Mars Chocolate Inc.  You can read up more on her awards here: http://www.jinjuchocolates.com/about. When you enter JinJu chocolates, there are literally tons of chocolate vying for your attention.  There are Truffles (a heavy cream or ganache fillings covered in chocolate that remind you of its fungus namesake) and Bonbons (ganache filling or other fillings like pralines, caramels, liquor concoctions covered in chocolate). There are caramels, rochers or nut clusters and my favorite, the Almonds coated in toffee and chocolate.  They didn't look like much but they were DIVINE, and you can get a container for only $7.From the chocolates, my favorite were the Matcha (green tea) truffle (it was soooo good!!!), the Key Lime Bonbon (I didn't think it would go well with chocolate but I love this!), Lemon White Chocolate Bonbon (mmmm), and try the Berry Mascarpone and Hazelnut Praline.  Even if it was tempting, we didn't care too much for the gummy worms covered in chocolate (I wish this was pure chocolate) and the Chipotle Cinnamon Caramel (too adventurous for my amateur tastebuds :), but everything else truly was a treat!  You can check out all the flavors and other products on my blog: http://findingtheyummyinvegas.com/love-jinju-chocolates/, and JinJu chocolate's box assortments and prices can be viewed here: http://www.jinjuchocolates.com/chocolate-assortments. Thanks again to Nelson & Sylvia Q for organizing this UYE, and especially to Jin Caldwell for her warmth and generous giveaways.  My little chocolate monster had a blast! :)
5	It has been said to put "Eat Chocolate" on a list of things to do today, that way you will at least be able to cross one thing your list.  I would like to tell you to make it JinJu.  Best chocolate game in town.Jin Caldwell is a master chocolatier who has paid her dues and learned from some of the best...now Las Vegas gets to benefit from that hard work!  She maintains the old school European chocolate quality but also supplies a beautiful variety of novel combinations.  Her original creations range from whimsical to bold and are nearly always tasty.  I am a stuck-in-my-ways dark chocolate fan, but Jin even makes me slow down and sample her milk chocolate options simply because her work is that good.  And speaking of dark chocolate, JinJu is the only place in Nevada where you can purchase the single source Fortunato 4 series.  This series is one of the better single source dark chocolates I've had the pleasure to taste.JinJu's peanut butter cups are one of the more popular items in the store.  They are certainly a great option.  I can also confidently recommend the following truffles and bonbons:Honey Fleur de Sel Caramel TruffleTahitian CreamVanilla DreamFig-Red Wine72% Dark...and the following items:Gluten Free BrownieMilk Toffee AlmondsWhite Chocolate Raspberry RocherChocolate Covered AlmondsI read that, "There's nothing better than a friend...unless it's a friend with chocolate."  So do you part to make the world a better place and share some chocolate today!
5	I seriously don't ever buy chocolates at a chocolate shop but since I've tried Jin Ju Chocolates I've changed my tune. Such quality products made with love by the owner Jin, who is as beautiful inside and out as her chocolates are!The girls that work in her shop are friendly and hard working as well and have as much ambition as Jin does.The Fig and Red wine chocolates are a delicious suprise. Champagne Truffles, Tahitian Cream, Peanut Butter Cups are some favs. The Chocolate covered Pretzels Logs are simply amazing. Caramel Pecan Turtles haunt my mind. If your lucky enough to be in her store when she has cookies, don't hesitate...buy!!Don't shy away from the Sesame Seed Toffee,  it's an odd delight. She does make some seasonal flavors so always check back for something new. The trip to The Container Park is worth it, treat yourself while you're there to some Jin Ju Chocolate treasures.
5	I am dreaming about the next time that I can get over to JinJu's store currently located in the Container Park which is the only downside for me since it's not near my work or home. :(My palate has forever been changed after eating the products here. I was never a chocolate snob, but I may be now. So if someone says that chocolate is just chocolate-- bring them here. The pieces all seem like little presents for your mouth. Made with love, care, and dedication. You can feel it in every bite. The location is super tiny, but the employees there are very knowledgeable about the products and there are samples galore to try. I anxiously await my next opportunity to visit the store and reward my senses with Jin's chocolates.
5	In short, Art of Flavors Redux with chocolates. I came here for a UYE that my dear friend and yelper Nelson Q. hosted. We were given a quick history on the owner and how she started this business. You can tell that the owner really cares for the business that she has created. She is passionate about the work she does and wants people to understand the art of crafting a great piece of chocolate.We tried many samples including sea salt truffle, raspberry, mint, white chocolate with raspberries. However my favorite was milk chocolate covered almonds with powdered sugar.  This is an excellent place to stop by in the contained park, especially if you are on a date. Girls would love this place and chocolates are fantastic. I would like the owner to do a chocolate and wine pairing. This would be amazing.
4	Owner Jin Caldwell greeted us warmly on entering.  Her background includes 7 years as Master Chocolateer at Ethel M's before opening her own business in 2011 that continues to sell directly to high end casinos and the public online and via catalogs.  We each chose a dark chocolate truffle - my wife's was cappucino, mine salted caramel.  We normally share such treats so each has a taste, but I forgot and woofed mine down and then, can you believe this, she refused to share hers.  Both were excellent and likely will be reordered the next time we visit downtown.
5	Gorgeous packaging and presentation of the chocolates - and the people who work there provide excellent service.  The chocolates have unique flavors and  perfect little bites of decadence.  My favorites are the berry mascarpone and vanilla dream.
5	Free samples!!! Really, they do have free samples all the time and I take advantage of this as I like to try their new offerings. What I have tried, bought and recommend: Gluten Free Brownie - When I think of Gluten Free, I think cardboard... but Jinju's version is moist and one of the best brownies (GF or not), I've ever had. Turtles - I like theirs because I know it is not processed like to big box places/stores. You can really taste the quality of the homemade caramel and chocolate. White Chocolate Raspberry Rocher - Generally I am not a fan of white chocolate or fruit in my chocolate, but for some reason, this combination with the toasted slivers of almonds work together. It's very unique and tasty. Sesame Toffee -  If this was not a sample, I would have never tried it. I was pleasantly surprised with how well the toasted sesames and buttery toffee paired so well with one another. If you are buying items in the Summer, they pack your chocolate with ice packs so it helps from melting. All in all, the best gourmet local chocolate place I know of in Las Vegas. Also, they have free shipping for orders over $60.... I'm thinking of Christmas already!
5	Dear Santa,I felt that it is necessary for me to write this letter to you before Christmas actually arrives.  I want to thank you for your dedication, passion, and hard work.  Traveling door to door or chimney to chimney on Christmas Eve must take its toll.  I know that you're under a ton of pressure to drop off gifts by Christmas morning every single year and I commend you for that. But why do we all have to wait until Christmas to get any love from you?  News flash, there's a new Santa in town by the name of Jin Caldwell.  She's a master chocolatier, well educated in the art of making the best chocolates, and she's local to us in Las Vegas.  Jin opened up Jinju Chocolates in Downtown Container Park and you'll find the best chocolates here. If Jin can create it, you best believe Jinju will have it. My favorites include the Park Ranger, the Peanut Butter Cup, Espresso Caramel, Cinnamon Crunch, and the Vanilla Dream. Jinju also has some fun creations like their chocolate dipped Twinkies & gummy worms, brownies, a life sized chocolate football, and soon to come for the holidays, a Jinger Bread House.  You know what I love the most about Jinju Chocolates? I love the TLC that each piece of chocolate is given.  I'm salivating just thinking about Jinju's Chocolates and I don't even have a sweet tooth. Jinju is open to us daily and if you can't make it out here, you can get chocolates shipped to you with a 48 hour delivery guarantee. Santa, you got competition.  But don't worry, I still believe in you, the Tooth Fairy, and the Easter Bunny.  Happy Holidays!!  -Mel CWish List:-Chocolate Covered Pretzel Fork
4	Everything I've sampled here was good. Ended up getting the chocolate with smooth fillings and it was delicious!! It's a very cute and cozy store. The lady was so sweet she even explained to us the process of making chocolate! Definitely will be back again soon to try the other ones.
5	Went to the container park and after reading other's reviews I knew the chocolate would be great....which it was.  What surprised me was the price.  I have been to many custom chocolate shops that charge $2.50-$3.00 per piece/truffle.  They are only $1.50 or 2 for $2.50.  Excellent chocolate at an amazing price!
5	Walked into this cute little store quietly located in Container Park earlier this afternoon. I wanted to buy my family & grandparents Christmas presents so I decided to go to JinJu. The chocolates here looked so lovely, and they were having local deals on their holiday boxes. If I'm going to any spend money on a box of chocolates, I only want to get the good stuff ^ ^ Unfortunately, I didn't get to meet Jin Caldwell herself, but her employee was very friendly! She kindly offered us free samples, and helped me picked out chocolates for my gifts. Very informative & professional in explaining all of Jin's creations. The chocolates and place itself are nicely presented. By no means I'm a chocoholic, but I really wanted to try their matcha truffle, so I bought one while my friend got a honey truffle. I loved how well the matcha and chocolate paired together, and the truffle satisfied my sweet tooth. I recommend this place to anyone who are looking for gifts, loves chocolate, or has an open mind to anything :)
5	We can't stop ourselves from being addicted to Jinju chocolates. She is extremely creative and keeps the flavors coming. On our latest visit we had the chance to enjoy pumpkin spice, gingerbread and egg nog. All delicious, but the gingerbread was MY favorite. Ty enjoyed the eggnog best. My all time addiction would be the specialty honey comb chocolates. (On the higher priced side, but worth every penny.) Or anything dark chocolate for that matter. And I have a thing for the chocolate worms. If you like white chocolate then the midnight bar (I believe it is)  is the one for you. Let's face it, I'd probably eat the entire store if given the chance. Chocolate is my Kryptonite. Her latest creation is the emergency kit. A diverse chocolate experience at an affordable price. Give it as a gift or keep it for yourself. Just don't let that precious chocolate go to waste. I hope she will be around for many, many years because I don't want Jinju chocolates to go anywhere except in my belly. ;]
4	I've heard great things about this place and the chocolatier, Jin, but did not manage to make it in until lured by a Groupon for a giftbox and gift certificate. Unfortunately, Jin was not in store when I made it by but the staff I worked with was knowledgeable and polite.The 16-piece sampler box comes with a variety of Jinju's best offerings, including some bonbons, truffles, caramels, a few pieces each from the Keshi and Akoya collections, and a seasonal chocolate or two.Favorites this visit included the espresso crunch, mint chocolate chip, cappuccino and sea salt caramel truffles, and the pumpkin spice and Jin-ger bread seasonals. Store is small but very cute, with informative plaques detailing the chocolate-making process and several different packages to pick from for gift-giving purposes. Pretty sure I'll be using my gift card on myself though: the peanut butter cup, PB&J truffle, and lemon white chocolate all have my name on them!
4	This store is cute! I stopped in yesterday to redeem a couple Groupons I had bought a few months ago. The shop is small! They had lots of delicious looking offerings, but sadly they were not offering any samples. Anyways my Groupon consisted of 2 chocolate novelty containers and I had 2 Groupons, so I was entitled to 4 containers total.The nice lady who was working there directed me to the shelf where I could pick my selections. I have to say that there seemed to be more of a selection of novelty containers online, and I was disappointed that a few of the ones I saw on there were not available. Maybe they were out of them at the time? Still, there were 5 flavors to choose from, and I ended up with the Hazelnut Sea Salt Toffee, and the Peanut Butter Crunch Bouchee. My friend got the Sea Salt Toffee as well and also the French Vanilla Almond Bouchee. Each piece in the novelty container comes individually wrapped and the container has 5 pieces total. So between my friend and I, we got 20 pieces of chocolate and they do not skimp on the size. The chocolate was really good too. I would come back here and I will recommend any chocolate lovers to check this place out.
4	Very cute shop, everything looks so decadent and divine that it's hard to choose what to get. I bought a Groupon for here looking for something to get my local Vegas cousins...coz dangit ABC store, can't bring nothing from HI that's original and non-perishable anymore. Enter JinJu Chocolates. 1) It was in Container Park which I've been wanting to check out for some time, 2) it's local 3) it's unique...can't get it just anywhere. I love her story and love the product even more. Her stuff is good. It's gourmet chocolate so expect to pay a pretty penny but again if you get a Groupon or take advantage of her in-store specials, you can find lots of deals. If you just need a sugar rush, buy a Hershey bar, but it you want subtle, complex cocoa flavors dancing on your tongue, definitely check this place out.
