4	The Rutland Hotel's restaurant has recently transformed itself into Kyloe, a gourmet steak restaurant. The chic stylings have been replaced by wood and cowhide, although some vestiges of the old place remain. This and some other quirks will be put right as the place matures, no doubt.Overall, "what we can say about Kyloe is: it's good. My fillet was the best steak I've had in a restaurant in the UK, and I don't think my cattle baroness friend would have been angry had I taken her to have lunch there, but they still seem to have some kinks to iron out."
3	When Jenny L told me that Kyloe was having a half priced steak "sale" if you will, I was in.  As an omnivore, I do love a good steak, and love it even more when it's half price.My first note is that half price in Kyloe is normal price in my favourite steak house (I think I waxed poetic enough about Los Argentinos last night so I'll do my best to leave it out of the review).  My second note, is that Kyloe is much more centrally located than the place I'm leaving out of the review, and also has a wider array of menu options than unmentionable place of Argentinian persuasion.Our waitress was lovely and had definitely had a lot of teaching about steaks.  We opted to get the full course on each bit of steak on the menu, where it came from, how best to cook it, etc.  It was very eye-opening and will definitely help next time I'm in the butcher's.  She definitely sold me on the steak board when she said that it featured cuts of steak that are not widely known and therefore are at times thrown out.  The steak board arrived on a warm slab of slate (ooo fancy) and each piece was explained to us.  Awesome.  The table favourite was the onglet, with the feather steak coming in second and the bavette coming in a (very) distant third, due to a funny flavour to be discussed later.  Each piece was apparently medium rare, except that they were all a bit *too* rare for me.  Much more on the rare side than the medium.  Jason M ordered what the rest of us were originally going to choose before going for the board, the sirloin.  It arrived a dull tan colour (not rich brown) and was practically cooked through.  Medium rare?  I think not.  As a side, I ordered the hand cut chips, Jason had the shoestring fries (they didn't appear all that shoestring to me...), Gillian had the onion rings and Jenny opted for the healthy choice of garlicy tomatoes.  My fries were neither here nor there and I felt that the onion rings were under seasoned and too greasy.When we finished our meals we all reflected, in true Yelper style, on how we woule rate our experience.  We all enjoyed ourselves but that was more due to company than food.  The waitress was lovely though ultimately became a bit inattentive as I eventually had to go looking for someone to sort our bill.  This was of course compiled with the fact that my stomach was rumbling in an unhappy way at this stage (and still is), a fact that I'm not sure could be attributed to the odd tasting bavette or maybe to the rareness of the steaks.  If I'd paid full price, I wouldn't have been pleased.So, no repeat trips for me, I'm afraid.  I'll keep my steak eating to certain not-to-be named Argentinian steak houses, thankyouverymuch.Oh, and the toilets were baltic.
3	Kyloe! I'd been there before for a business lunch and really enjoyed my fillet steak (well, I wasn't paying).  So, when Jenny proposed we go for their half price steak, I was really keen. Apart from anything else, I wanted to take Jason there, as I thought he'd like it. I really like the restaurant itself, with all its dark wood and cow-hide covered furniture. The serving staff are lovely and friendly, and really seem to know their stuff, explaining all the cuts and how best to cook them. So we ordered - three 'steak boards' of unusual cuts, and one sirloin. The steak boards were great - I loved tasting the different flavours, and confirming that onglet really is an amazing cut - I'd had it once before and raved about it. The meat was verging on rare, rather than medium, but I like that. The outside was charred and scrumptious, the inside deep red. But. How could I enjoy it fully when Jason was sitting beside me with a pallid slab of overcooked grey sirloin? The moment it was put down we all just stared and said... "oh". I don't know how the waitress served it alongside those delicious steak boards without realising something was wrong! As I've said before, we're both very British about complaining. What would you say? What would they do?  It should be right in the first place. So I just fed him as much as I could spare of my own nice steak. Which wasn't a huge amount, I admit! Ah well - it's too dear for us, anyway - the price of the steaks is bad enough, but once you add a couple of sides it gets a bit silly. So I'm glad I've tried it, but probably won't be back.
4	Mmmmm steak!!! As one of life's carnivores I had to try Kyloe out for size and can definately say they stepped up to the plate! Hadn't been in Rutland since it's makeover and love the decor in Kyloe... cowhide chairs remind you that steak is the speciality! Knowing it was my birthday we were given the table with the view looking to the Castle which is great to remind me how fabulous Edinburgh is! Was impressed when the waitress brought out the various steak cuts and gave me and the family a lesson in steak! I opted for the fillet which was cooked to perfection and just melted in my mouth.. and the creamed spinach was to die for!! There were six of there and so managed to order a good variety from the menu and glad that everyone thoroughly enjoyed everything! The staff were really friendly and attentive and have been back couple of time since! Oh and if you plan on going for the first time I'd recommend you sign up to their mailing list as that entitles you to 20% off your food bill on your first visit - RESULT!!
4	Sunday's were made for one long epic meal (brunch, Sunday lunch or Sunday dinner - each one mightily good in its own way) that the rest of the day revolves around. My favourite is Sunday Roast Lunch. You snack lightly for breakfast in preperation for the feast. You make no plans for the evening, except perhaps putting your favourite pair of relaxi-pants on the radiator. You block out an entire afternoon purely for the indulgence of eating a very good, hearty meal. But not just that. Sharing that good, hearty meal with the closest of friends and family. Sunday Roast lunch is made to be enjoyed, slowly, with loved ones.So, when Kyloe announced their new Sunday lunch with a twist I was all over it like gravy on a yorkshire pud. The twist is that its Sunday Roast just like you'd have at home - with the dishes of potatoes, vegetables, the gravy boat and the roast joint itself all put in the middle of the table for you to help yourselves. This is exactly how we would have Sunday Roast, every single Sunday of my child hood (I kid you not) and it is maybe for this reason that I enjoyed Kyloe's Sunday Roast lunch so much.And what a Sunday Roast it was. The rib of beef, served with a delightful side of greens. 4 big Yorkshire puddings (we're talking biiiiig), potatoes roasted in duck fat, roasted root vegetables, creamed savoy cabbage (thanks for clarifying exactly which cabbage, Katie N!), a bottle of red. It was, actually, a perfect mix of everything you'd want. Mashed potatoes were missing, but there were so many roasties you didn't even notice. The beef was lovely and tender, although my one piece of feedback to the restaurant was that perhaps people could pre-order and specify how well done they'd like the beef. ALl of our table like the red meat and the outside of the joint was well done, whilst the inside was a bit more pink. As the beef is the centre of the meal, it'd be nice to specify just how you'd like it cooked.And then dessert. Crumble. Apple and berry crumble. With vanilla cream. We also ordered some ice cream to go with this, at an extra charge, but in my eyes its worth it. The waiter actually laughed when he saw that we'd finished as, as it was apparently for 4 - 6 people (I'm guessing more at the 6 range) and 4 of us scraped it clean. It was tough but we solidered through. It really was absolutely delicious, and just like grandma used to make - with that home-baked flavour and more-ish quality. Add in a bottle of red wine and it was pretty much everything you could ask for in a Sunday roast. The service was also really friendly but not overly formal or stuffy, despite that its evidently a finer dining establishment.I would not only recommend this to others, but am going to come back here again myself. With the cold winter months drawing in, its the perfect Sunday Roast lunch to keep you warmed, to share with the family, but without the washing up. Perfect!
4	Kyloe's Sunday roast - I'll do that again! The food was great with the meat being tender and veg roasted to perfection. Cooked white cabbage has never been my favourite item but when you add cream and easy spices to it..bring it on, yummy! The apple and berry crumble cake is a must, once again spot on. I'm going back!
5	This restaurant redefines 'Steak meals' - The bar is set high and they achieve the whole thing. From choosing your cut to selecting your wine.A good and welcome help is the Steak Cut Presentation Board - a perfect visual explanation to your cut and cooking time. My personal favourite is the 45 day(!) Rum Steak (400gr) I can sit on that all night.. The Beef Dripping Cooked Farmer Chips are crispy on the outside and fluffy inside, perfect! There is a conservative but well sourced wine selection which (depending on the availability) are always a good complimet to the meat feast.The ambiance is cow, leather, low lights and views.  A few round group tables are available for that special feast with friends or birthday!They also allow children but you won't be noticing them much due to the well placed noise canceling high backs of certain tables :o) I Recommend this for friend, family, couples and special occaisions - they do group bookings as well but I am not too sure if this is well suited though, but yes they have the space.
5	Just. finished sunday roast beef meal. This was another one on my wish list. The beef was superb. The roasties crispy, yorkshires tasty, fluffy and the vegetables well seasoned. We got red wine and an apple crumble with custard and icecream and white chocolate flakes. The whole experience was a so good that I was about to fall into a post dinner snooze there and then. Service was terrific and I am so glad we have a restaurant like that! We went with fellow yelpers and this was organised by jenny. Hopefully we will join in a lot more.
4	Crazy Cow Decor,A great time with awesome friends,Sunday Roast? Yes Please!
4	I've been to Kyloe twice now and I have highly enjoyed both experiences.  The first time I went was a few months after they had opened for a friend's birthday meal.  I had the oysters, steak tartar and the mini sliders.  The second time was this past November and I had steak tartar (again) and the sirloin steak with a red wine and blue cheese sauce.  The steak was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and I absolutely enjoyed the blue cheese sauce.  I encountered excellent service on both of my visits.  If you join their mailing list you'll be kept up to date with their specials. For instance, for the month of January you can received 25% off your bill.  Definitely check this place out if you are keen for a well cooked steak with an beautiful view of the city from the West End.
5	I've eaten Sunday Roast dinner in several restaurants/pubs/bars over the years but Kyloe gave me the best Sunday Roast experience I have ever had. Previously I have encountered plasticy, thinly sliced beef which came with soggy cold veg drowned in watered-down gravy. But Kyloe beautifully presented a feast of the finest thick cut Scottish beef - sliced in front of you with platters of brightly coloured crunchy veggies and roast potatoes all of which were cooked to perfection and accompanied by bread sauce and a rich gravy, with wine to wash it down. I felt like a virgin - touched for the very first time. I'm pretty sure when we all took our first bite there was a chorus of moans followed by minor rolling of the eyes and silence for the most part of the meal while we savoured it which must be the quietest Yelp dinner I have been to. As much as we tried to, we couldn't polish off the last few bites - one must reserve room for dessert too you know. It's the only meal I have been to where a fight could have broken out over who got the doggy bag and much jealousy of who did get it. The suggestion was put to the group to reunite later that evening to meet and share what remained of the last supper but the doggy bag owner was having none of it. I was thoroughly impressed by the quality of the the food and service and have seen it where I've paid more money for a meal just as good in a 5 star restaurant.As for the cow themed decor placed amongst classy lighting and shades of brown leather - I thought this a little odd at first - maybe someone had a cow fetish but it dawned on me that Kyloe is a Steak Restaurant and Grill - Kyloe being a Scottish word for Highland beef cattle, so fair enough.I am definately coming back here for more!
1	DO NOT USE YELP (OR OPENTABLE) TO MAKE RESERVATIONS AT THIS RESTAURANT. Had a very bad experience with a manager called Paul (skinny guy, late twenties to early thirties about 5 feet 7 inches.). We have made reservations for 8:30 PM May 9, 2013 using yelp. When we arrived to the restaurant the reservation was not there and Paul refused to sit us at the table even though we showed him our reservation on the mobile phone. In short he told us that it is not the restaurant problem because they use the third provider for making reservations. For someone who supposed to accomodate customers and their fix problems, he was totaly unsuited for the job at any establishmnet, especilay the one at the upeer price range. He was rude, interruprting me etc. I work in the service industry myself  and know that this type of behaviour would not be tolerated in the US -- may be the restaurant services are not up to par here at UK -- but I personaly had  much better experience in the past. at UK and Scotland in particular. Paul offered no solution to the problem, told me that it is not a restuarant problem and send us on the way. He also told me that nobody else at the restaurant we can talk to fix the problem.
4	I really wasn't expecting such a smart looking restaurant when my husband suggested lunch there. I have to mentione the waiter service which was just exceptional and the waitress was very informative of their produce. I had to opt for a steak and i wasn't disappointed very tender and cooked perfectly. The only negative was the chips which just weren't that nice.I am very tempted to book the sunday lunch!
5	We went here the Thursday before Valentines day and it was so good!!! Staff was very friendly and helpful. Our steaks were cooked perfectly and the beef dripping fries were out of this world!! The atmosphere was intimate while still being fun (there are lots of cute cow paintings around the restaurant). My only (and super small) complaint i had had to do with the steamed cabbage. I never knew too much butter could be a problem before tasting this side. There was just too much butter, that I couldnt even finish it. This is a great place for a special occasion and I wish I was going to be in the city longer to celebrate in Kyloe again!
3	After receiving rave reviews from the hotel staff, the actual event was a disappointment. Reservations were tight - had to settle for 5:30 or 9:30 - but I went with 5:30 on the strength of recommendations. Service was inconsistent, with intervals of excellent service scattered among long periods of neglect. The actual food was fair to good, but far from extraordinary. In particular, the quality of the meat did not live up to my (overblown?) expectations of the legendary Scottish Angus beef. I'll try again. Elsewhere.
4	To it's menu, vibe, and intense decor, this place is all about beef. Suggest not coming here if you are a vegetarian. Despite this joint's, perhaps overly passionate cow obsession, kyloe served me one of the best steaks I've ever had. It's not a place to come to if you are starving and want a huge chunk of meat, but it is a wonderfully tasty dinner filled with various flavors as there is a variety of cuts, rubs, marinades, and sides to choose from. Although our meal was a wee bit pricy, the food did, by no means disappoint, and I'm proud to say my short horn sirloin was awesome. Suggest coming here if you are visiting Edinburgh.
5	Simply Great ! I have visited this restaurant 6 times already without disappointment and a great meat experience! I am a red meat lover, and I had trouble finding a good steak in Edinburgh until I found Kyloe. A large variety of cuts and sizes to choose from, and every cut is juicy, tasty and very high quality. I ordered the Fillet steak a few times and the 400g rump steak, both were served medium rare like in the books, nice and red in the middle and a thin cooked layer from the outside every time. The steaks were juicy and fantastically tasty! the sauces are good, especially the peppercorn and the blue cheese but i am yet to try the entire list, but i will defiantly get to it! If you want, the list of meat cuts can be physically presented to you on a platter, for you to understand and choose what most appeals to you. The chips were very good, crispy and tasty. My girlfriend is not a fan of meat and she always takes the loch Etive mussels and she loves it. So if you have partners or friends that are not entirely keen on red meat, there are very nice other options. The decoration is unique and chic especially the cow skin seats. At the same time It is also high standard and fancy giving a romantic/relaxed fine dining atmosphere. The windows overlook the lively West End of Edinburgh Princes Street which is very nice. Staff are very professional and nice, they also immediately take your coats for you, and serve water to the table. Order a table in advance, it is a very popular place. Enjoy!
5	Surprising nice atmosphere in a location loaded with choices including the block, but by luck and a little craving steak tonight got me here.Named after the scottish highland cattle, they took light in the fact with nice humorous decor.   The service was friendly and prompt.The drink menu was plenty with locals hanging out there for just that,but the dinner was wonderful.We had excellent steak on the board shared with my girl, nice sides of potato chips english style, onion rings and very good green beans, all spiced right.The meat cut was cooked as we requested and just the right amount and a good tender cut of beef.The bread on a board was a good lead for us with a scallop starter.All around us seemed to be happy with the excellent food.For steak check this out and maybe even if you have the seafood steak need between a group.   Enjoy the view up on a nice view on the second floor over a prominent corner.Enjoy Edinburgh!
