4	Finally, a baby-friendly indoor play place on the north side of town. Huzzah!My 9-month old and I explored The Giggle Box today and were definitely impressed. They have a very spacious play area, 3 TVs, a sprawling sectional and a well-appointed kitchenette. There are snacks for sale, coffee and tea available (via a Keurig coffee maker- score!) and a separate seating area for bigger kids to eat at. I was told that you are also welcome to bring your own healthy snacks for kids- which is an improvement over other play places around town where BYO-anything is discouraged. There is even a separate toddler bathroom with a smaller toilet as well as a changing table in the restroom. As a breastfeeding mama I was also glad to see a big comfy chair facing away from the front door that looked perfect for discreet nursing.A single all day visit is $10 and it's $8 for each additional sibling. There are also multi-use passes available. I'm always on the look out for toys for younger, pre-walking babies and spied a play mat, short play tables for babies beginning to pull themselves up and a swing for tiny, snoozing babes. The enormous wooden play structures really caught my eye and I was interested enough to consult the website for more info. They are CedarWorks play systems made of naturally splinter-free Northern White Cedar and are pretty cool looking. I can't wait til my baby's big enough to take them on!The staff working were very friendly and let me know that The Giggle Box also offers arts & crafts activities twice a week and that they host private parties on Sundays. I inquired about discounts for group play dates and was given the owner's card so that I could ask her directly. They let me know I wasn't the first person to ask and that they are trying to get all those details ironed out as they've only been open a few days. All in all we were impressed and will definitely be back!
4	Yay, another fun indoor play place for the kiddos.  Why didn't I think to open one of these in Vegas?  Such a great idea to have year round, temperature  controlled play places.  Genius!The Giggle Box is a very pretty play place.  Everything is new, clean, and cute in The Giggle Box.  I noticed the staff walking around and picking up items and cleaning things while I was there.  It's always nice to know they are doing upkeep on the play floor throughout the day.  They also have a ton of seating options like over-stuffed sofas, bean bags, and tables/chairs everywhere.  This is a big plus because many of these places do not have nearly enough seating for the adults. All of the toys here are high quality as well.  The CedarWorks play apparatuses have fun climbing walls, slides, swings, bridges, and even a pirate look out area.  There are also CedarWorks play houses to go in and set up house.  All of the CedarWorks things are high quality and splinter-free, which is great for the kiddos.  Seriously, who wants a splinter? OUCH!There are also kid sized tables for tea parties, LEGO building, and playing with trains.  There is a kid sized kitchen with a stove, sink, and frog, as well as pretend food of all sorts.  I'm glad it wasn't real food because my daughter served me almost everything they had.  There is also one of those little roller coaster cars, which is always a big hit with my little one.  My only complaint would be that there seemed to be a lot of extra open space.  This is nice for the kids to run around, but it also created a sort of unused area feel.  A few more toys like cars to sit and ride in or perhaps a few more Little Tyke style play houses like tree-houses or castles or the like would be nice.  The one main playhouse when we were there was always full of kids who wouldn't let my daughter play inside because she was too little.  The kids were total bullies and weren't sharing the house with anyone, which isn't the staff's fault (Hello, bad parents!!!), but perhaps could be remedied with another 1 or 2 playhouses which would create more play places for the kiddos.If this was closer to my house, I think I would be the duchess in no time at all!  Fun place to play, nice staff, and great toys makes for the perfect afternoon with my kid.  Thanks for being around Giggle Box.
5	My 2 year old loves this place! It's so nice to finally have an age appropriate indoor play place. It's very clean, lots of places to sit, lots of different toys for my toddler to play with and wasn't very crowded.
4	We recently visited the giggle box after our son had gone there with his day care. Since we went back on the same day he only had to pay once. The employee there was extremely friendly and helpful. The place was really clean. The concept of an indoor play place is new to us but we enjoyed our time there and would go again.
1	This place is fun and has great activities but there are workers there that are inappropriate. The manner in which they speak to children is terrible, as well as  inappropriately touch children as well. To me this is not okay. Please be careful at this place and watch closely if left alone with staff
5	Been here lots of times. Great pricing, great staff. Lots for my 2 year old to do. Slides. Disney jr toys, blocks, toy house, roller coaster, tea sets, kitchen. And lots more, plus couches and wifi 4 me. My daughter loves coming here and hates leaving
2	I took my daughters there last Friday... The employee working might as well been nonexistent!!!!! She sat at the tables with a friend eating pizza from 12:15 to 2:00....my daughter was talking to them & she told her to go away that they were talking!!!!!!! Not a happy mom!!!!
3	When we got to the Giggle Box today we were informed that the hours had recently changed and we would only have a half hour to play. Come to find out the hours had changed just 3 days before. I follow Giggle Box on Facebook and asked why the new hours hadn't been posted there. I was told they had *tried* to post to Facebook and send out an email notification, neither of which had worked. We were still charged the same daily rate to play, even though GB had apparently made minimal to no effort to let customers know it might not be worth their time to drive there. :/ We still really love playing here but will consider driving further for better customer consideration.
4	My wife has been taking our 9 month old son here for a couple months now and i went her for the first time this week. It was way better than I expected. It was very clean and had lots of open spaces for kids to play in.  The workers there were very nice and remembered my son's name when we came in the door. I especially like how frequently they clean the toys and they have a bucket for toys that get slobbered on.  I would definitely go back.
4	I took my 18 month old daughter here today. This is the first indoor play place we have been to. The staff was nice enough but they seemed kind of irritated. That being said, I really liked this place. It was SO clean, and the perfect size. I like that you can pretty much see your kid no matter where you are sitting. The couches were amazingly comfy; it made me want to take a nap. But then again, I always want a nap. It was very quiet. There was no music, and the televisions were turned very low. I thought that was nice. It's great for the newborn to age 5 age range. Kids older than that may get bored. We didn't know to bring socks, but fortunately the kids' socks were only $1 and the adults were $2. Apparently they do a parents night out event about once a month where you can leave your child(ren) from 5pm-9pm, if you have older children that are potty trained.
5	My kids love the giggle box, they never want to leave! I especially like the fact that it's 6 years and under. My daughter is teeny-tiny and gets bulldozed anywhere else, so having this place close by has been a blessing. Age appropriate toys and furniture for the little ones. Very clean and the staff has always been very friendly and helpful. It's never too crowded when we visit which I like. Take a seat on their comfy couches and enjoy the free wifi. They also offer Family Movie Night & Parents Night Out, that's a huge bonus. Bring your kiddos, you'll be glad you did!
3	This place is CLOSED.  It's deserted; all of the items inside have been removed.  The business phone number goes to a voicemail that has been full for months.  Emails to the address posted on the website go unanswered.  The Facebook page was deleted.  The website still functions, but hasn't been updated.I have advised yelp multiple times that the business is closed, but the listing remains "active".  I'm not sure why.  Additionally, a yelper was courteous enough to leave a review advising everyone that this place is closed, but for some reason it has been removed.I hate to think about people making special drives over to a place that is no longer in business, or, worse, continuing to pay for a membership for a business that no longer exists.
