3	We like this place for the Packers games and morning specials during the football season.Food is decent, although I think they changed chefs, as some things have changed a bit from the fall.  They have some beer on tap and usually good domestic specials.  Plus, they're on the Western Canal, so you could walk or bike home if you're in the area.
4	Any place that offers sweet potato fries is worth remembering, in my book.  Their seasoned fries are also outstanding!  I've ordered a veggie burger here twice, and, I must say, they've done a great job!  All accomodations have been made, when I have special requests like extra cheese or extra pickles on my veggie burger.  The service has always been prompt and wonderful in my visits.  It's always busy here, it seems, but that never seems to slow down the food making its way to our table.  It takes long enough for me to know it's being cooked to order, but it's fast enough to make it to my mouth before any complaints have made it out.  ;o)
4	I'm a regular here for their Thursday night trivia and we always have a great time. Their menu is more than the typical bar food you might expect. Lots of salad choices, some wraps, and the pizza is decent. It's a great place to see a game since there's a TV in every direction but it can get pretty packed given that its one of the few sports bar in SoMo. I did see a drunkard punch out one of the huge windows out front one Sunday night. That was exciting!
4	In our six months living in South Phoenix, my husband and I avoided this place, thinking that it would just be another Applebee's, Chili's, Native New Yorker - you know, a chain with typical, bland American food. We finally decided to check it out last Wednesday night (our night for a mid-week outing) and were pleasantly surprised. We sat out on the covered patio, which is really nice. It's really spacious, has two sections (one with low tables and one with high tables), features three huge flat screens, and has plenty of misters. You can also smoke on the patio, since the entrance to the restaurant is around the other side. Our server greeted us promptly and was very friendly. To drink, we ordered vodka sodas, which were priced very well at $2.75 a pop! We noticed that on the menu they feature tons of different burger preparations/styles and let you choose your patty type (between an Angus patty, Kobe patty (for $3 more), a chicken breast, turkey burger, and a veggie patty) and your bread type (ciabatta, sesame bun, multigrain bun, sourdough, multigrain bread, rye, and bed of lettuce, which is nice for those watching their carb intake!). We had heard good things about their veggie burger, so we got the Southwestern style burger with the veggie patty. We also got the seasoned fries and a dozen hot honey BBQ wings (which are $.40 each on Wednesdays). All in all, we were really impressed with the food. The veggie burger was among the best I've had, the fries were crispy and not too greasy, and the wings were flavorful with a nice kick of spice. We also only spent $30 or so for all of the food and three drinks. This is a great spot for some mid-week relaxation, cheap drinks, and solid food. With the weather as nice as it is right now, the patio is also a great feature. We will most definitely return.
3	Visited for lunch today, my first time at G's.  Since I already checked out the menus online, I was ready with the first of many questions regarding my numerous food allergies to ask my server as soon as he walked up to my table- Yes, I'll have iced water, please.  Oh, and could you find out if your bbq sauce contains ...?  (Some don't, you know.)  Next thing I knew, Liz the manager was at my side.  After mentally jotting down which of the "major" allergens I was most worried about, she disappeared into the kitchen to do some research: are the sauces safe?  is the cod fresh or frozen, and is the batter *-free?  the fish is def. not frozen, but she'll check re * ingredients... are the breads made in-house?  (home-made reduces the chance of * usage.)    and the verdicts?  lay off all the sauces, just to be sure; not sure on the batter, so stay away.  breads are made locally, and she didn't have any ingredients info.  and with all of that data, i pretty much had most of the menu items crossed off (sandwiches/burgers that contained buns and sauces, entrees that used sauces (award-winning ribs, entrees adorned with sauces,  marinated meats, etc.), fried fish, anything battered.  this left the wraps (well, those that did not use *, sauces, etc.) and the sweet potato fries.Ah, the SPF!  What was I thinking, laying off of the raspberry mayo for the first half?  This sauce brought the greatness of the fries to a new crescendo.  I REALLY love crispy/crunchy textures (probably due to my compulsion to be healthy and stay away from deep-fried anything most of the time.  Plus, grease-flavored foods really don't rock my boat.  Oh, but these SPF's with the razz mayo were really good.  The meat wrap, $7.95.  With beef tenderloin, $8.95.  Comes with choice of side.  Other sides not listed may require an upcharge- most likely with my SPF.  My beef wrap looked quite appetizing- thin slices of beef tenderloin with SW rice and shredded cheese wrapped in a chipotle tortilla, with shredded salad mix and salsa with sour cream drizzle on the side.  Took a bite.  Mmm... very tasty, but wha?  Is that * in the SW rice?!?!  For the rest of the meal, I was picking * off.  What I really should've done was return the wrap and get one sans rice, since the * juice would be all over the rice.  But the first one took so long to reach my table- I had eaten all but five sticks of the fries- that the option didn't even enter my thoughts.  The fries cost an extra $3 bec. I was served the app portion.  Whatever.  I'm also thinking that the chipotle wrap had * in it.  (I was in pain for the rest of the day, and still am, twelve hours later.)  Yes, I was disappointed, but I can't say all of those minutes chatting with the manager were for naught.  I just wished she and especially the staff were more knowledgeable of all of their dishes and sides.I'll return for the sweet potato fries and razz mayo.  And maybe a delectable icy beverage.  Anyone know how the margaritas, pina coladas (haven't had one of those in years!), and daquiris are here??  Inside atmosphere (standard booths and rectangular bar tables and chairs with TVs everywhere you look up- like a cafeteria) is a striking contrast to the lazy Sunday, who-knows-who's-coming-to-dinner vibe (bossa nova music was playing in the background) I felt outside as I walked past to get indoors.  One problem- I just can't stand inhaling cigarette smoke while I'm eating.  I can't stand inhaling tobacco smoke anywhere, anytime, actually.  I hope I didn't offend anyone just now... For some people it may be flatus or body odor that offends them; for me, it's smoke.  Unless it's a clove.  Love that spicy scent.  (Body odor offends me, too.  But I digress...)Anyhoo, for all you sweet potato fry lovers out there, try them here.  You'll thank me later.
3	nothing special but good for watching a game outside and grabbing a beer with buddies.  the people watching has never been that good here.  in fact, it's more of a boring vibe.  the food isn't bad.
2	came here last night and service was so slow but the place was empty.  the nachos are the ballpark cheesy kind.  i prefer the shredded cheese type on my nachos.  the wings- good. again, just come here for wings and you may have to wait for the waitress to come over for a long long time.
3	Came here for lunch and was pretty disappointed. The wings were tiny, seriously the smallest wings I have ever had, like mini wings. The meat plate sounded good, we ordered chicken breast in bourbon sauce and pulled pork. The chicken was good, tender, juicy and had great flavor. The pulled pork was served dry and had a weird taste to it, like rubber.. Even with tons of BBQ sauce it was still dry. The corn on the cob was mushy and the salad was wilted. Bad meal overall, but good service and icy cold blue moon.
4	We went with a large group for lunch and the service was great. Friendly and totally cool about having separate checks. The food is decent too. I wouldn't say I'm a fan but it's better than OK. :)Check out their daily specials too!
4	I went for lunch today and thought it was pretty good! The sweet potato fries were awesome though, I'd give them an extra half star if there was the option. There was also this weird raspberry jelly stuff that was tasty - try it on the fries for something different.It's a typical sports bar with a million TVs so if that's your thing you'll love this place. Me, notsomuch into sports, but for a nice sit down lunch this place is a good value for money. The service was good, the bathrooms were clean and they split the check without any complaints.
4	My only experience at Gallagher's was similar to the one described below by Glenn G.  Went there with a large group from work and found the service to be excellent.  Everyone enjoyed the food.  Rarely do you have a large party (we had about 10) and request separate checks without getting attitude; but here they were happy to do so.  Based on this visit I would recommend Gallagher's.
3	The Sweet Potato Fries are awesome and the raspberry sauce that goes with them kicks it up another level. Overall though I think this is just the average sports bar food.
2	I can imagine Gallagher's would be a great place to come for football games or other gimmicky nights.  I am not from the area so I came on business for lunch with a few associates.The food was decent.  I had the chicken, potatoes, fries, and garlic bread.  The bread was different and pretty good (compared to anything on the east coast).  The fries were run-of-the-mill seasoned curly fries, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  The best part about this place was, in my mind, the waitresses. Whoever the hiring manager is must have been a former manager for Hooter's, if you know what I mean. With that said, i'd go here for the plethora of flat-screens and atmosphere, not really the food.
3	I went to this place for late night food so there was not a whole lot of choice that I knew of.  The food was your typical bar food.  It was nothing spectacular but I would go back if I had to for some food.  One thing that was funny...my buddy tried to order Negro Modelo since there were signs advertising this beer and it was no longer available.
3	Not bad.  You get bar food but I think you expect that going in.  Nice enough ambiance for lunch.  Great service.  The veggie burger was edible.  The sweet poatoes were edible.  The green tea was good.  I will go again since I live so close by.
2	The food was pretty ok and the drinks were inexpensive and well-made.  My biggest problem with this bar is that despite the karaoke bringing an interesting crowd, there was a huge brawl out front and we had to be locked inside the restaurant until the police came and made an arrest.  The male in the fight had beaten a female so bad that she was immediately taken to the hospital by an ambulance.  Lesson learned--even though this bar is in a decent area, females...do NOT go there alone! (the female apparently did not know the guy)
3	This place is alright.  It's your standard issue bar food and TV's all over the place.  Nothing food-wise sets it apart from other bars.  I definitely liked the outside patio area, it's a wonderfully themed atmosphere; although the misters don't seem to do much in even moderately hot temperatures so I can't imagine wanting to eat out there during the summer months here in AZ.I think this place is good for the most part but there are plenty of other places that are good too.
2	I came here for lunch and ordered a salad with steak on it.  The steak was blah and there was hardley any of it on the salad.  I took two bites and couldn't eat anymore.  So I ordered the chicken cesear salad...that was the most bland salad I've ever had. You know how there's supposed to be that slight twang of lemon there was none.  The chicken was so bland and chewy it was very difficult to eat.  There was no seasoning on the chicken whatsoever.  I'm thinking it was some left over chicken from somewhere.  Needless to say I left there hungry.  My lesson learned...when you go to a bar, order bar food.  You should have better luck with the wings.
4	Went after workout on Sat noon for lunch.  Had tenderloin/chicken combo with baked potato, bread and corn on the cobb (1/2 an ear).  Very good and filling.  Lots of TVs tuned to different college football games, and off-track betting if you want to play horses (didn't for now).  Servers were prompt and kind.
2	I really want to like this place, and I will continue to go (due to lack of other sports bar options in the area), but this place just is not that great though it has the potential.  The few times I have been there, there have always been problems with the food - and I mean service issues, not quality issues - which leads me to believe the management could use a little makeover.  I have had cold wings served (I mean cold, not just not hot).  Wings take over 30 minutes (at which point they were canceled).  The food is fairly decent though, for bar food.  Nothing I crave, but something that will get me by during a big game.Last night I went in to watch the ASU/UA football game and they had the sound on for the Cleveland/Heat game.  Really??  Do you know what state your bar is in?  Did you happen to notice that half the people there were wearing ASU or UA gear?  Apparently the manager wanted to hear the starting lineup.  I can kind of get that - I had curiosity around the game too - but if you want to see that, then tune into Sportscenter AFTER the ASU/UA game.  After the starting lineup was announced, and about 15 minutes in the football game, they changed the sound which was greeted by loud applause in the bar.  Little things like that make me believe the management is not in tune with the wants of their patrons.They do have PLENTY of TV's to watch games and accommodate requests for game changes.
4	This is a great local hangout and happy hour place. My friends and I came here twice because of the great deals.On our first night, we wanted to watch the Sharks game but they don't have the channel on their dish. Oh well. For dinner, I had the sesame chicken salad and a Loaded Baker, which is a baked potato with sour cream, butter, diced bacon, cheddar cheese and diced green onions. Both were satisfying. I forgot what my friends got, but both liked what they had. Since we came during happy hour, you pay $2.50 for large domestic drafts, so the Coors Lights came to our table in waves. Then we found out that it was Trivia Night, which we were excited about. AND WE WON! We beat another table by 1 question (What president preceded Andrew Johnson?) and the answer was just guess (Abe Lincoln). LOL The prize was a $50 gift certificate which we used for our bill.We came here again the next day and got the $2.50 large Coors Lights and the $2.95 boneless wings. My friend and I split an order of twelve because he likes his wings spicy and I don't. I wanted mine with honey bbq. They messed up the order (all 12 were spicy) and gave me six with no extra charge. We did have dinner here again and once again, I thought the food (Southwestern burger) was great. If you stay long again, you can catch reverse happy hour.Also if you like horse or dog track racing, you can place your bets here. They have dedicated tv screens for that. Those dogs look so sad though.
3	I hesitate to give these guys three stars, but I feel that it's four stars half the time and two stars the other half, so three it is. I went there tonight for a beer after the Phoenix Suns game and actually received attentive enough service from the bar. This is good because it allowed me to try some of the great local microbrew selection. My last trip, however, I walked out due to lack of service -- same problem I've had on other occasions.
4	this place is our main stay for good happy hour , lunch or dinner. the food is good and the service is usally top notch.
2	In a couple dozen visits, I have had acceptable service only twice at this place and the employee that provided it both times doesn't work there anymore.  I go because it's a sportsbar with lots of tvs that's close to my house.  The food would be good if served quickly, but that rarely happens.  In fact, this place would probably get four stars for the food, beer selection & tvs, except that the service is just so rediculously bad, it ruins everything.  EVERYTHING.  Maybe someone from Gallaghers will read this, fire everyone on the wait staff, and then start over. I hate people that tell isolated stories about their one experience with shitty service at a restaurant and make it all one sided like they are not ass holes, but I have this great story I gotta tell about this place and yes I hate myself for it so fuck off.  I got a table with a buddy once outside (we were seated by the hostess) and got passed up by a server for 20 minutes of staring them in the face as they walked by, and then i tried waving my arms around when it appeared one of them was looking in my general direction (which did not work), then my buddy actually got up and snagged one of them, who promised she would be right back.  10 minutes after that I went to the bar & ordered a couple of beers for us.  The bartender acknowledges my beer order and, at that moment, a waitress comes in from outside and tells the bartender that she just doesn't have time for table #xx outside and if he could go get their order that would be great.  So I watch him forget about me and walk out to MY TABLE, talk to my buddy, then walk back in and pour us a couple of beers.  I decided not to say anything because I was actually laughing at this point. Bartender tries to flag down the waitress to give her the beers to take out to the table, but she kept ignoring HIM!   Yes the bartender was unable to get the waitress' attention after he did her a favor.  So, finally she's in the little computer area behind the bar (I'm still just standing there being entertained), and shes keying in some order from somebody, and the bartender walks over to her and says "I have your two beers for that outside table".  She says "what outside table?"  Bartender: "The one you asked me to get the order from"  Waitress:  "Well take the fucking beers out to the table then"  Bartender:  "But that's your table.  I have other customers at the bar"  Waitress:  "Then fucking give the beers to somebody at the bar.  Or drink them yourself.  I don't care, I just don't have time for this shit"This is so great right!   So the bartender just stands there and looks at the waitress, who has her back to him and then, resigned, he walks back behind the bar, picks up the beers and takes them out to our table.  He comes back in, and asks me again what I wanted (because he forgot all about me), and I order a couple more beers because I know that I probably won't get served for the rest of the night.  So now we've got four beers.   Bartender agrees to "put them on my tab".Over the course of the next 30 minutes with zero visits from the waitress, we work our way through those while shooting the shit.   As we're about finished, the waitress actually has the gonads to come up to our table all sweet and nice, and ask us if we'd like anything else.  No.  She puts the tab (for four beers, so she knows or should know that I went in to the bar to get beers at some point) on our table with a little heart on it and then goes into this whole story about how sorry she is and that the bar has just been sooooo busy and it's somebody elses fault bla bla bla bla.  Thank you.  No tip.  In fact I would take money away from you if I could lady.  Wow that was long and the finish wasn't as good as I remembered.  Oh well.   Go to Native New Yorker instead.
2	We have been to this location before and really enjoyed it, but this visit was not enjoyable. The waitress was nice, but not quick. My husband ordered the Bourbon boneless buffalo wings which looked dry and tasted disgusting, my husband finished them but didn't touch the second round of hot wings. We sat out on the patio and notice a cockroach crawling around on the pillars. My husband really enjoys this location so I am sure we will give it another try, but this time around I give them 2 stars.
5	I have been here twice and both times I liked it. 1st sat at the bar and just had drinks with a friend, the staff was nice and quick.The 2nd time I went I had lunch it was a little pricey because I went to early on a tuesday and had the honey hot -hot wings if it would have been wensday they would have been half the price. They were really good though and I plan on going in on a wed. for lunch.
4	Great place in neighborhood. Food is excellent most meats are smoked with awesome flavor.Great Happy hour for drinks and they offer their boneless wings on special.Service has been extremely slow as of late not sure why but hope it improves?
3	It's right down the street from home for several of us, so we come pretty often. I'm usually satisfied with the food, burgers or other sandwiches for the most part. Because there are smokers in our party we are usually on the patio. After the outside bar closes (around 9pm?) the service on the patio is hit or miss.
4	I returned to my neighborhood Gallagher's and experienced pretty slow service again  but thanks to a great server (Monica?)who wasn't even assigned my table and an equally concerned Manager(Adrienne)I will continue to frequent this establishment.The food is tremendous just hope they can work out the kinks between kitchen and dining room for more timely service?
1	I don't even know how to convey to you how bad my experience was at this place.I walk in on a Sunday night and sit down at a crowded bar. I order a beer and food from an obviously distracted and overworked bartender. My beer arrives and simultaneously the drunk asshole two seats to my left vomits all over the bar. After a few moments of stunned staring, his buddies drag him outside, and the bartender and an older gentleman (perhaps the manager?) clean it up -using menus from the place to scrape it up- (I wish I were kidding).  They then wipe the bar down with a dirty rag and continue on. A few other patrons laugh at the absurdity and return to screaming about the Cowboys / Jets game blaring overhead.At this point, why didn't I just say forget it and walk out? I had a full beer in front of me already, and I was hungry. Yes, dear readers, you may now shake your head in sadness.  I know I am.Ten minutes pass. The aforementioned overworked bartender is telling anyone who will listen that 1) the drunk puking asshole had a $72 tab and didn't leave a tip and 2) that she can still smell the puke.  I  speak up and mention that she can still smell it because it was not truly cleaned off the bar. They used no spray cleaner, no sanitizer, nothing to truly clean the surface, just a dirty bar rag. The bartender disappears and returns with what I assume is a clean rag, and mentions that she put sanitizer on it from the kitchen, and wipes down the bar more thoroughly. And lo, her nostrils were saved from smelling it any longer.And then my food arrived.I had ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich, grilled, with bleu cheese (you can also choose ranch) tossed in their "garlic hot" sauce, with french fries.  I was delivered a plate with shoestring french fries that were cooked to the consistency of 16 penny nails, no bleu cheese, and what I at first glance assumed was an enormous empty bun.  After removing the top of the bun, I found that indeed there was a chicken breast on it, though I doubt it would top the scales at 4oz before cooking.  I discarded the top of the bun entirely, cut the base in half, and assembled it around this paltry piece of bird and took a tentative bite. Spicy, garlicly, at least cooked all the way through (though it was thin enough I could have probably accomplished the same feat with a bic lighter and a toothpick).  The bun was soft and tasted fine.  Against my better judgment, I ate the rest. I told you, I was hungry. After a token gnawing on a half dozen of the superfried fries, I paid my tab ($18 with tip), quickly finished my beer, and left.It would suffice to say that a return trip would not happen even if this were the last sports bar on Earth.
2	Sat outside and HATED smelling so much smoke while trying to enjoy the PHX weather.  Couldn't believe all of the smokers outside and also how many came from inside to smoke outside while standing right next to al fresco diners.  Sweet potato fries were good (they could've been a lot warmer), sandwich fair cuz of how SPARSE the pulled pork was on it (it was also warm at best).  Best thing I tasted here was the FRESHly baked cookie dessert w/ ice cream on it.  Yummy!  Cold food temps, Smoke and noisy outside eating area (tv's were too loud .  p.s. inside was atrocious for noise) combined with small portions of meat on my sandwich will prevent me from ever trying another Gallagher's.    Price for amount of meat I got was way too high.  (my friend liked the fried fish and rec'd a huge portion of it)
2	I normal have a great experience here but this time I think they had the dishwasher make my grilled salmon salad. No diamond grill marks, two small tailpieces and the lettuce was wilted. I should have known better when I saw the "Seat Yourself" sign. I will give them only one more chance but that's it...
3	I've been here at least a half dozen times if not more. Always neat atmosphere but hit or miss with the food. I really don't like their chili burger with bits of sirloin in the chili, nasty!! Their country fried steak can be nasty as well; however their chicken fried chicken is pretty good. The best meal was their chicken taco salad...really delicious. The atmosphere is OK; they have a lot of TVs all about even the outdoor patio. I think it would be difficult to watch NFL Sunday games there; the place is not large enough to have the sound going for each game without it' simply being noisy and can't hear your game. At most, this place is a nice local joint for South Mountain, OK meal, and OK beer selections to meet up with friends once in a while.
4	Good hang out for sports. This place does get very crowded on peak hours.  Good Happy Hour!
1	I haven't been here in a while and tonight decided to drop in as I was craving a burger and a beer. The indoor bar area was full so I went and sat at the outdoor bar. I sat for 15 minutes and a server or bar tender never came outside. There were other patrons out there that had food and drinks so I wasn't alone. I got tired of waiting and went and sat in the off track betting area. The sign at the front had read 'seat yourself' so I didn't feel the need to go inform a hostess where I was sitting. Once again the section was totally ignored for around 15 minutes. At this point I was pissed off and didn't want to give them my service this evening. For that I can't rate any higher than 1 star since I wasn't even acknowledged. It'll probably be a while before I go back again. South Phoenix is in desperate need of another sports bar to compete with this place.
3	The food here is so so. It bar food, cant be *too* picky about it.Lots of TVs- awesome.My only real complaint is that, who I can only assume was one of the managers, was walking around w/ a halter dress on that showed way too much cleavage (not to mention the pen she had sitting in it). Theres a time and a place for outfits like that. That time and place is *never* a place that has a kids menu IMO.
5	As long as Stephanie is working the bar the customer service is great! Wings and beer on Thursday is great
3	I'm really not picky but service is a bit slow and the food is ok. But $10 for a burger is a bit steep.Happy hour for a blue moon, $4?Hmmmmm......What's the regular price? $4.25?10 minutes to get some Damn hot sauce with my shrimp tacos
4	Been here a few times, I usually just have the wings, hot and they are very tasty. Service was pretty quick and server seemed nice.  Its always nice and fresh inside and there beer was cold.  I would reccomend this place to someone who just wants a relaxed sports bar.  most of the time ive gone its not too packed.  4**** stars!
3	I have been here a couple of times now, based on the fact the my friend lives right down the street and there is no other place to go.  This is not a destination place for us, just a place to get out of the house and have a drink.  It's a sports bar with bar food.  The appetizers are pretty decent, but I had the chicken fried steak and it was inedible.  You know it's bad when your fork bends when you're trying to cut through the steak.  The best part of Gallagher's is that they have many tv's and it u want to watch several games at once, you can.
1	My husband and I stopped in for a Sat. lunch.  Only 1 waitress was available.  She had the outside area plus inside.  We ordered sandwiches and when they came, we opened the napkin to get the silverware and were shocked.  The silverware was disgustingly dirty with film and stains.  I reached to another empty table and tried that silverware, same thing.   We finally waited 10 minutes (while our sandwiches got cold) till we could get our waitress.   We asked for the manager.  He came to the table and when I showed him the silverware, he said he'd make sure this problem was taken care of.  No apology. The waitress came back and handled us two sets of wrapped silverware.   I said, "Are these clean?"   She assured us that they were clean.   I opened the wrapped silverware and they were just as dirty.  Now almost 20 minutes have gone by and we still don't have clean silverware.  The waitress finally came back with partially cleaned silverware.    We finished our lunch and then sat almost 10 minutes waiting for our check.  The waitress was no were to be seen  My husband then waked to the bar, where the manager was socializing with the pretty bar maid.  Will never go back.
4	Kinda of a rough and tumble crowd at times with the OTB booth in the back corner of the bar. Place is usually crowded after work with the blue collar drinking types and unless your a regular you will probably get ignored like I did on a previous visit. In this case, finally tried the food and it was surprisingly good. The waitress said that the buffalo wrap was good, so I went with grilled chicken tossed in mild wing sauce and that went into my wrap with the usual cheese, lettuce, some blue cheese and maybe a touch of bacon? THe wrap was huge and the chicken and blue cheese melded perfectly together. On the side dish selection wheel, I went with sweet potato fries - this was a decent version of that variety, but the raspberry sauce? served as a dipping option was a fail. Great service on a saturday afternoon and reasonable prices ($8.99) for a filling lunch.
1	High priced DOG food. The boneless chicken wings were barely edible and made my stomach gargle for hours. This was the first time in a long time that I was actually concerned about getting violently ill. The bartender was terrible to say the least. Perhaps working New Years day was too much for her. Gallagher's is a sad establishment; with better management and improvements to food quality it could easily become better than Applebees. Management: Stop offering discount wings during happy hour, your staff gets rude to people who order them because they believe they aren't going to get a descent tip, your not helping yourself.
3	Just... Ok :-\ Had wings and fries and they were nothing to write home about. Not to mention they only had one waitress for 17 occupied tables in my section. I must give her credit though.. She was extremely polite and did her very best!!!!
3	It is bar food but it's more of a sports sports themed Applebees. I'm not a really big fan but the service is pretty good.
5	Great hang out spot in Phoenix!    Staff is amazing and I will definitly come back next time in Phoenix!
3	I've stopped in Gallagher's a time or two in the past year.  What a nice sports bar.  Tons of TVs all around.  The outside patio is always packed and a lot of TVs out there too.  I absolutely think this is a fantastic place to go watch a game.  I wouldn't go here if you're looking for anything that resembles fine dining.  This is strictly bar food.  There's nothing exciting to mention about the food at all and I've pretty much stopped eating there and will only have a drink when I go there with the occasional order of fries.I like their martini menu.  They have these cute sweet martini's for 6 bucks.  They also have 4 Peaks Kiltlifter on tap and some other local beers.What makes me come back from time to time on Saturday nights?  The karaoke.  There is a little lady that comes on Saturdays who wears her cowboy hat and sings her country music.  Then, there's me.  The country loving black girl with the big curly afro who gets up and murders a Gretchen Wilson song!  Oh, just murder the song.  Poor song has died a million deaths at my hand, I'm sure.If you are on that side of town, perhaps staying at the Legacy down the street, you will find that this place is AWESOME for catching a game while you're in town on vacation.  50% of the times I've gone here was a game night and the place was packed with people, particularly that patio and the bar.  Great for a late night drink too.
4	Yes definately go on Wednesdays to enjoy their $.40 wins and do ask for them to be charbroiled.....very goooood! Garlic hot and habanero hot! Will be there every wednesday from now on!
2	Simple review, if you're in a hurry Gallagher's is not the place for you. Short and sweet of it is this. "Nice staff, slow service". Ordered our food at 1230 got our food at 0115. Will not be back!!!!!
1	Great beer and decent service. That's the end of it. If you're going for happy hour I'm sure you'll be pleased. If you want food, RUN! Gallagher's has been the only decent bar/restaurant in the area (besides Amano's, which is excellent but a bit pricey). They used to have good (not great) bar food, but apparently being the only game in the Baseline corridor has softened them. Their burgers were - were - above average. I'm very picky, if you won't serve it medium rare or less I won't bother. But they've gone waaaaay downhill. Now if I order a burger, it will either be well well done or blue rare. Horrible. So I switched to chicken since that's usually...chicken. This evening, I went for takeout, a buffalo salad (quite tasty) and a bourbon swiss chicken burger. They brought me a guacamole burger (though at least it was chicken). Can't eat tomatoes so I returned it. Thank goodness I checked it! Re-ordered the bourbon Swiss burger, received it promptly (good), took it home, sliced it in half, and beheld the pink hue before me (BAD!). It's hilarious that I can't get a medium rare burger, but I can get medium rare chicken! Of course now I'm at home so I guess my dinner is fries. Thanks, Gallagher's. Thanks.** I wrote that review 3 weeks ago on my phone, but reviews don't upload until you log in on an actual computer (BTW Yelp, I wish you'd change that). Anyway, tonight I was out of options, being in South Phoenix. Well, to be fair I did have fast food options (which I should have exercised, stupid me). Since I had nowhere to go but Gallagher's, I decided I would just get something deep fried and hope for the best, since it's pretty easy to make deep fried food. Silly me. I asked for the Monterrey chicken sandwich. Again, I will note that back in the day, this used to be delicious. Now it's an overcooked (ironic, considering my issue a few weeks ago) slab of chicken on a bun. It's supposed to come with cheese, black olves, and ranch dressing. Personally, I think warm ranch dressing is really gross (as is warm mayonnaise, eww) so I asked for ranch on the side. Lo and behold, the sandwich doesn't just have ranch. the bun is literally drenched, it's soggy and disintegrating in the ranch. I'm so diappointed and angry with Gallagher's. It's my own fault for ordering food to go instead of waiting there and sending it back 10 times. Live and learn. BTW, yes, my dinner is fries again. I hate you Gallaghers. I hate you. HATE YOU.
3	Good food at reasonable price. Nice atmosphere, good service.
4	Wings are good. Beer is cheap during hh.  Lots of tv's.
1	This place is just gross.  But a good place to watch sports and that's it. Food is horrible.Sometimes I am forced to come here for lunch during the work week. Is it bad when you don't want to order one thing off the menu??! I will give props to the outdoor patio area but this place is just a straight up bar. There are many TV's for viewing and shouting, whichever you prefer.
4	Home made potato salad.  Fish fry is good. Lots stuff on the menu.  Handy neighborhood place. Always return.
2	Decided to take in a late lunch and a game on a recent NFL playoff Saturday.  Followed the directions to seat myself and sat in the main dining room away from the bar.  It was 1pm and there was not a soul there, very bad sign but I've lived in the area for 6 months and so wanted to have a convenient place to watch sports and have a bite to eat.  I am not a picky guy or a big complainer but I need this place to improve for my own selfish reasons.  They nicely put the #1 UA bball Wildcats on one of the many flat screens, good marks there for having the PAC12 network....BUT...they wouldn't turn on the audio because a couple of other patrons sat down and we had to listen to elevator music the entire time.  I guess their policy is to only put the audio in for the NFL games but they weren't gonna start for another hour.  Burger- goodSeasoned waffle fries-really goodWings-disappointing..they weren't crispyKids menu -a lot of options but the chicken fingers were dry..the sliders were okService-ok...could of use more refills otherwise fine.
2	Service has been good to us. Erin is a great bar tender. The food or  the other hand is awful. Don't get the pizza. It and many other item are previously frozen, then microwaved tasting.
3	Service is ok. Food is good. Lots of TVs and they have trivia. I go here once in a while. Always get the chicken cordon blu sandwich and a Bloody Mary.
2	My friend made reservations for her brother's birthday. We got there early so we could set up the table. When we got there it took forever for us to be seated and we were rushed. It took forever for our food and drinks and on top of that there was gratuity because of our big party. I wonder if the waitress didn't care about the service because she knew she would be tipped a certain amount regardless. Gallagher's is an average sports bar and without customer service I don't see why anyone would come back.
2	I hadn't been to this place in a long time, but since close to my house I decided to stop by today.  Interior has been completely changed since last time I was there.  It was late morning and pretty empty.  Waitress - not a very friendly person - came up and asked if I wanted anything to drink.  Yes and what I wanted.  Mind you, there is hardly anyone in this place.  She disappeared in the back and I didn't get my drink until about 12 minutes later. I saw it, my drink had been sitting there waiting to get served for quite a while. Pretty pathetic. That drink done, it just sat there empty for quite a while in plain view.  She went by to other tables but didn't even bother to ask if I needed something else, much less to take my order for food.  After quite a while a manager comes up.  You need anything? Looked him square in the eye and told him you have terrible service here. I didn't ask for a manager, don't know why he came to my table, but he took responsibility for it right off and he went to bat.  Was there every 5 minutes.  I'll give him kudos for that and it made the experience not too shabby.  Still, that waitress........
1	Decided to give this place another chance.   It was even worse than last time.   Food quality declined.   Reuben sandwich bread was total wet mush on one side, pizza wasn't what we ordered and was basically something cheap from the frozen food section in grocery store (yuck), fried calamari had so much fried batter that we could barely taste the calamari...if you want to sit outside and enjoy the fresh air forget it.  Only air you'll breath is from all of the smokers.  YUCK.  won't likely return.
2	First time at this restaurant, and while the service was fine, I hardly call this "food". I ordered fajitas and the spinach queso, to share with the hubby. We were afraid it wouldn't be enough food, but the servings we decent sized, and we STILL couldn't finish them. No reason to eat more than to have something in your belly, because the food isn't good enough to finish. Reminds me of the pre-packaged stuff you get warmed up at event venues, or amusement parks. Fatty, over-salted, and with wilted veggies. I also question how clean everything is...the appetizer plates and tortilla warmers were covered in greasy smears and fingerprints. And the plates were recently "washed".I would come back for a happy-hour beer, but nothing more...
1	Not even worth 1 star. Management is extremely rude and completely negligent to their customers. I even overheard a manager (found out her name was Rachel) speak to the staff in a complete unprofessional manner. Not to mention she was cussing at them and treating them as if they were her servants. Food is awful and always inconsistent. I know the guy Steve who used to ''own'' the chain and he is the biggest idiot, ignorant, and rudest person I've ever had the painful memory of meeting. Don't waste your time there, there are so many other BETTER places to go and get a cold beer and watch some sports!
1	We were here on KY Derby day and while the betting was fun the service bordered on discriminatory. We were walked by at least 7 times without being acknowledged that we were there at our table. This while the table beside us got service and backslaps every 5 minutes. We walked out. Do not go here.
3	Service is hit or miss. Sometimes you'll get a really good server while other times you'll get a terrible one. Those terrible ones consist of waiting for what seems like 20 minutes for your drink order to come, then another 30 for your food, all the while they're off doing who knows what. The manager is probably the most customer-friendly food service manager I've seen. If he catches wind that you're not having the best service he's there to make up for it.Aside from that its your typical sports bar.I was here in May 2014. You used to be able to sit yourself wherever you wanted but now they have it set up where they seat you. I guess that works for them because they're regular dining area is kind of cut off from their bar area so servers may not realize people are back there.Food is alright. Some things aren't worth the money but it is what it is. I think its Wednesdays in which they have 50 cent wings if that's something you're interested in.
5	We love this place after enough times driving past finally stopped in and it was so good I'm a vegetarian and it's hard to find restaurants that accommodate drinks are good service has always been great and I often find myself craving the food.
3	I have driven by this place hundreds of times and never stopped.  The parking lot always seems to have cars in it, especially at happy hour on weekdays.  They offer typical sports bar type food.My chili was very watered down and my guess is from a can.  My salad was wilted and my loaded baked potato was good but came out on a bed of greasy Chinese fried noodles. ???????Service was good, but I am always more tolerant when I have a cute waitress (that went really heavy on the mascara and eyeliner - LOL).Fair meal, fair prices.
2	The bar staff act as if they don't care you are there.  You are in the way. When they fill restaurant orders for drinks and beer, they put the ticket order right into the drink being served for the wait staff.  Yes, a receipt with printed, inked information goes into your drink or beer if you're not sitting at the bar. Hospitality 101 is sorely needed.
1	Been eating there occasionally over 4 years.  No more.  Several recent visits with poor food and reluctant service.  Soggy salads, fries; overcooked dry fish, burgers.  Cottage cheese is a winner!  It's all about beer and liquor, not food.
4	I have been coming to Gallagher's sports bar off and on for years and have always had a good experience and tasty food.  Some of these reviews were awful and I can't see why.  They must have come on a very bad day or are just too picky.This is a fun sports bar with a million TVs playing various sports, fun chatty waitresses and it can get noisy.  It is supposed to be noisy in a Sports Bar, no? Shannon the bartender is just the coolest, fun, easy going person and always gives great service!  My food has always been fantastic.  I have had nachos, chicken cordon bleu sandwiches, chicken fingers, and a number of different burgers that were all cooked well and delicious.  I also love their small cut, crispy french fries.  All paired with a cocktail or an ice-cold beer and it is always a great lunch or dinner!
2	We have been eating around a little now that we are retired and have time to experience new places for lunch. We arrived just before noon and there was some activity and all the TVs pumping all sorts of yesterdays games or today's sport news.Being the grump I am I asked if one of the 30 or so TVs could be turned to CNBC business news as I like keeping up on my other game.It never happened. I asked what of three sandwiches would be best today, Philly, Reuben, or french dip. It was suggested that the Reuben. Only half good. The meat was bland as it was held in a water bath to keep warm and its texture was weak. The bread was so so and french fries average. I won't be back. Service was average but had like 4 different peeps at the table.which I don't care for. I like dealing with one server.
3	I went with wife and infant baby. It was what I expected from a sports bar but it can use some updating on the furnitue, layout, and menus. Lots of choices on food and a full bar; I'd go again but only because I live close by.
4	This place is cool, I usually come on Wednesday becuz its wing's Wednesday's and you cant go wrong with that. The bartenders are cool and nice to talk to, they are pretty flexible about ordering different flavors of wings in small quantities, we have even done 3 wings of each flavor in the book just to try them all. My favorite is the Raspberry and the Garlic.
3	This place is good to have a beer and catch a game but stay clear of the food.  It's isn't even decent bar food.  Ordered a salad wedge and it was really bad.  Half a head of lettuce cut in half mixed with bacon and blue cheese - very weak.  Fried fish on Fridays was frozen and pretty bad.  You clearly do not come to a place like this for food but these guys don't even try to serve decent stuff.  Drink your beer and head to jack in the box.
4	I have been here many times with friends. This is a great place to watch the game and have a few beers. They are very accommodating to large groups. There are three completely separate seating areas. The bar and surrounding seating is lively and usually busy. The staff is pretty attentive and there is always a buzz.The patio is spacious. It is more busy in the evening and has a laid back feel.The dining room is big and much more quiet. It is much darker than the bar area. It is usually pretty empty in there. Wait staff is a little less attentive since they seem pretty busy in the other seating areas.They do karaoke one night a week in the bar area. Honestly, the crowd doesn't seem very interested. The hostess sang more than anyone else and the songs are dated.Overall, I like the place. It is a good place to hang out.
2	I really want to like this place. The atmosphere is nice. The servers are friendly and attentive. The food is just bland. I've tried many things on the menu in my quest to like this place. The food is edible, but just not good.
4	After reading some dicey reviews on various sites, I was a little hesitant to try this place.  I was very happy I did.  The first, not so surprising, find was the extensive beer list.  Gallagher's has more than 20 micro brews plus a host of major labels.  I quickly found a nice dark that was to my liking and then started looking for a dinner entree. I quickly found a smoked meat plate that sounded excellent.  The two meats that I chose were turkey and corned beef.  I'd never had smoked corned beef before, but I love it and it sounded delicious.  Since it was a busy friday night, I was curious to see how quick the order would show up.  I was pleasantly surprised to get my meal quite quick, even though the ample number of televisions and NTN trivia were keeping entertained.  The smoked meats were all deli sliced thin like sandwich meat, which had me skeptical. However, that's where the doubts ended.  The meats were juicy and wonderfully smokey in flavor.  The smoked corned beef was divine and the turkey wasn't a bit dry despite being thin sliced.  The mixed vegetables were a surprising al dente, delicious and fresh tasting, which is something you don't typically find in your neighborhood pub.  All in all, a very satisfying meal at a decent price.  Even with a lot of possible reasons for things to go wrong, I was pleasantly surprised that Gallagher's delivered much more so than I would expect from your average neighborhood pub.  Good food that went well beyond your average pub fare with quick service and a friendly atmosphere.
2	I have been here several times and the food is always sub par in my opinion. I understand that it is bar food but even bar food should at least meet the value of what you are paying. They take a long time to serve you as well. I got wings last night that were the smallest chicken wings I have ever been served. Like others have said, they have a lot of nice tvs but if this place wasn't the only game in town they probably wouldn't be around anymore.
2	The food is subpar, and far too expensive. We ordered the wings, and they were rubbery and dry. The staff was friendly enough.
4	Gallaghers is like most sports bars, bar food and beer! This is the type of place you come to hang out after work. Lots of regulars. Food is good for a sports bar, better than chain restaurants for sure!
