1	I used them for two years and got disgusted with their customer service and switched to another host.
1	Abysmal.  The worst customer service experience of our lives...Years and years ago, when iPowerWeb was based in Santa Monica, CA they were a responsive, quality webhost.However, the last two and a half years with this company were marked with severe ineptitude and unreliability.  Downtime was rampant.  With their "tech support," there was the constant feeling of dealing with idiots in varying departments that never actually communicated with one another.  We always had different strings of open issues that were never satisfactorily tied up or resolved.  We would spend hours on the phone with apathetic morons, who would return to tell us something we already knew--because it was one of the same problems one of their other technicians had already discovered months prior (and never actually fixed).  They would never take responsibility for any of the ridiculous downtime or oversight, and insisted on charging additional fees for support that any decent host provides standard.After losing all patience and much sanity, we finally made our escape to a wonderful new Macintosh based host: Arogo.netAlong the way we kept track of iPowerWeb's deteriorating reputation, and joined the masses who have filed complaints with the BBB (where their rating is none too shocking): http://data.phoenix.bbb.org/commonreport.html?bid=27007788We are also watching the following thread with interest, where dozens of aggravated users are gearing up for a class-action lawsuit:http://hostjury.com/blog/27/ipowerweb-ipower-clients-enduring-massive-problems
1	Horrible webhosting company.  I spent 7 years with them and watched as they progressively got worse and worse. I finally switched to Dreamhost and couldn't be happier.  Average website load times went from 10 seconds to about 1 for my site.  Ipower has had horribly overloaded mySQL database servers for years.  What's worse is they lie about it. Avoid this company with a 10 foot pole, especially if you have ANY database driven elements to your site.
1	EMAIL IS ALWAYS DOWN MORE THAN ANY OTHER WEB HOST IVE EXPERIENCED. Combine that with bad customer service and an unwillingness to release your domains for transfer out and you've got a collection of first class jerks working at this company. AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE!
1	the worst of the worst. just read the reviews here, and google them to find out more. they are consistently ripping people off either with webhosting, or their domain service.i'm writing this reveiw because i found out they were charging me for 'privacy' on my domain which i never ordered for over a year now. the cost of that is more than the domain registration cost.further, you get low prices on registering a domain, often $4.99 with them, but then it goes up over 100% in the second year to $10.99 a year, and, as stated, they started charging me for things i never ordered.BEWARE of them. much better to tryout netfirms. in my experience they don't commit outright fraud by charging for things you never ordered. if you do go with this company, remember you were warned and it's your nightmare. much better to listen to the warnings.
1	This is my first 1 star review and this review has been a long time coming!IPOWER WEB is by far the WORST web hosting service on the internet. I would give them NO STARS if that was an option. They get FFFFF's across the board on customer service, response time and web hosting stability and security.Constant crashes and lost e-mails, constant web server issues and the worst part is their response time is stuck in the 80's. I am not kidding here folks. The US Mail Office is faster than IPOWERWEB.I would say that their incompetence is legendary. In a span on 8 months during 2011, they had 9 serious crashes.. and all events took longer than 24 hours to be resolved. That's crazzy when we all depend on emails.If you're a small to mid size business, find a real hosting service like we did 2 years ago. We kept our basic email package here and I regret that we did and I am now moving it over to Media Temple, a real web hosting company.My advice is to take the time now to pull your account from Ipowerweb and find a real service.IPOWER GETS 100 FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF'sSpencer  Brown
1	After reading the other reviews it feels good to know I'm not alone. Like our own ipower self-help group. My experience with ipower has been spotty at best up to this point, but recent events have sealed it for me.Ipower is the worst company of any kind I've ever dealt with in any capacity, and I own a cell phone. Understand I've chosen these words very carefully.When I called to renew my domain and hosting, my domain had expired. My fault, 100%. Now, I was told specifically the domain was not in redemption with tucows, their registrar. Based on this information, I renewed, and was told the site would be back online in 12-24 hours. 2 days later the site still wasn't up. I called to ask why, they said the site was in redemption, and would cost me another 3x the amount I paid to get it back up.On top of that, it turns out that after speaking directly with tucows, my site had been auctioned off to someone else before the release date, and yet ipower was STILL trying to get me to pay!Unfortunately, after the initial renewal i had subsequently sent out resumes with my website's email address on them. If i had been told this information correctly to begin with, or minimally if i had been informed of the chance this could happen, i never would have done that, and I never would have renewed.Not only was I directly mislead and misinformed into renewing, but the information they gave me may potentially harm my chances of getting work now. Thanks ipower.Their customer service consistently denies any accountability on their part, and refuses to rectify the situation, even though they are clearly at fault. Their managers seem to be more concerned about being right than retaining customers who would in the long term more than pay for any corrective measures they would have to undertake.Ipower is the best example I have yet seen on how to drive a tech company out of business through poor service. The other reviews exemplify this. Kudos.
1	Quite a few years back, they hosted my website when it was hacked and were absolutely unhelpful in the wake of it. At that very time, their own website boasted they were "100% hacker-proof". When I talked to their customer service about that, they insisted that they still were 100% hacker-proof, and it had to have been me that shared my password with someone else (um, nope. never). Then they asked for a hefty sum to restore my databases and bulletin boards. That's when I went with another provider.
1	A one star rating is much too generous to give to this WORST web host company ever.Worst customer service ever, unreliable hosting service and constant security breaches. I can't tell you how many times our site had been down or how many times it's been hacked. And when we tried to get help or answers, we were basically dismissed and put on hold for HOURS.Our biggest mistake was not dropping this company earlier.
1	iSux!Ipower is the absolute poorest hosting company that I have ever had the misfortune of using. Still have one or two domains registered through them, but will transfer them away closer to expiring time. First of all, their customer service is pointless...the techs they have know less than you do most of the time. When you call, you will be on hold for hours and hours and still not get your issue resolved. Their Hosting is sketchy at best. If your site is up, it will load very slow, and move at a snail space no matter how simple your site is. I had a simple 3 page resume site up......it took no less than 45 seconds for the landing page to load. No Flash, No Photos, Very basic static site. These people suck. I had too many issues, most of which went unresolved, locked out of my account, slow sites, little to no real support, long azz hold times,  crashing servers, no answers, double credit card charges, among just a few of my bad experiences. How about we try to find someone that has ever had a good experience with them?? Because such a person does not exist! :D
1	ZERO STARS.  Do NOT use this web hosting service, you will get the worst service.  The email is constantly going down and it takes forever for them to fix it.  We were down for an entire week at one time and it was like pulling teeth to get someone a) to talk to us and b) to actually do something.  Our fault that we didn't move our site to a new host immediately.  Their technical support can never do anything for you over the phone because none of them are based in the U.S., basically they are there to take messages so they can have someone else handle it.  Today's call (which prompted this review) was the last straw.  One of our sales execs wasn''t getting customer emails; they kept bouncing back undeliverable even though the email was properly addressed. I called their tech line and instead of helping me fix the problem, she starts in with upselling me additional service.  You have no recourse - you can't talk to anyone in corporate, you can't talk to a supervisor.  All you have is some person who is a glorified message taker telling you nothing can be done until they send an email to their technical department and that buying more services might fix the problem.  They need to stop giving incentives to their tech support for selling services.  Geez, I am calling technical support, not sales!  So frustrating!  DO NOT use iPower unless you want to constantly have your email/website down and be tearing your hair out over it.  Seriously, bad company.  We are moving our hosting immediately.
1	Ipower is so ridiculous!  Horrible.  My website www.realestateslang.com vaporized from their site.  I called customer service, unlike other reviews, they answered.  "Stephanie" was polite but had zero answers and zero resolution.  She said she checked with "Tier 1" customer service for advice.  What was she? Tier 0?  My site disapeared.  They have no record of how, when or why?  She suggested I did it or hackers or my web designer.  Its been up 2 years without a problem.  Ironically, Ipower auto renewed my domain name 2 weeks before expiration 6/8/2013 but keeps 2 weeks of back up?  2 weeks for a tech company?  thats both bizarre and ridiculous.  Plus every time you speak with them they try to upsell you to a multi year contract.  I mean every time.  Its got to be printed by their phones and pushed on them from Tier 1 management.  God they suck and I'm screwed.  Now I have to see if my web designer will resend the FTP files to Ipower.  I will swap them out and find a more reliable host with true back up.  What a disatrous memorial day weekend.  Thank Ipower for zero power.
1	I finally dumped ipower after way too long.To be fair, some of their techs are good, and overall tech support got better over the years. But there were just too many episodes when something would go wrong, and the only solution would be to "put in a ticket" ... which meant, sometime in the next 24 hours, the problem may or may not get resolved. Earlier this year, though, ipower earned all my years' collected wrath. My site went down, and it took several conversations with tech support to ascertain that they'd shut it down on purpose. Because of a "bandwidth violation."This was surprising news, since 1) my site generates very little traffic, and 2) the service I pay for promises unlimited bandwidth. I had to talk to several representatives to get anything resembling an answer. Let's just say it was a shitty one. Without a hint of apology. When I asked why I wasn't notified before they pulled the plug, they said "that's our policy."My policy is to boil the directors of businesses like this in acid. Unfortunately, my resources are limited, so I had to jump ship to a better host instead. I wish I'd gone sooner.Good riddance, assholes.
