3	Typical theater lobby. No big. Typical theater concessions. $$$$$$. Expected. Weird, dicey, narrow hallways with claustrophicably low ceilings. Icky. Kinda dirty, even though they just "cleaned" it, theater.  Seats not as comfy as Esplanade. Railings in need of a paint job. But, hey, they have various popcorn "spices" like nacho cheese you can add to your bucket o sodium. AMC doesn't have that. Lots of greasy haired, pimply faced teens tho to rip your movie ticket, take your cash and make you remember why you never want to repeat those puberty years.
2	This theater remains one of the last remnants, a leftover reminder of what Fashion Square once was. It wasn't always so posh. No, Fashion Square used to be kinda low-rent rather than fancy pants. It used to be packed with kids ditching school, anchored by a fuckin' Sears and you even used to be able to smoke inside. Before that, it was originally a small somewhat open-air 3 story building anchored by a grocery store and a mid-level clothing department store. Today Fashion Square is more of a destination for tourists looking for a swanky desert oasis shopping experience and a place for the wealthy and financial elite to escape the proletariat masses. It's The Mall of America of the Southwest.Given the transformation Fashion Square has gone through, it's clear this Harkins theater needs to be redone or removed. It'll take more than a facelift. This theater sticks out like a whore in church not just as a contrast to the mall it lives in, but also among other Harkins Theaters that speckle the valley. It's one of the worst examples left... To be honest, it was never a very good theater. Many of the screening rooms are tiny and they clean it about as well as an 8th grader cleans his room. Sticky floors, empty wrappers, and a layer of crud on everything that you could scrape off with your fingernail - the crud probably being a mixture of milk dud coating, fake butter flavoring, and dead skin. The location is awful - it's stuck at the end of the food court. When there's a sneak preview, they have everyone line up on the upstairs walkway in the mall... not the best way to save a spot in line if you're handicapped and have to take the elevator. If there's a big movie out and somehow everyone wants to see it in this shit-hole, they have you spilling out into the food court dining area creating a traffic nightmare and a bit of a mess. What they need to do is remove a few theaters and expand the lobby so people can wait inside... they could also expand the small theaters. 5 screens is enough... Actually, a better use of the space would be to fill the theaters up with garbage and then fill in the Lobby and hallway with cement and turn the front into a Cinnabon or something.
3	I went to this theater for the first time ever when I went to see the 'Forgetting Sarah Marshall' sneak preview last week. I had low expectations after reading Thomas and Max's reviews.  One of the reasons that I'd never been to this theater before is because of it's location.  Unless i purposely planned on shopping at Fashion Square and seeing a movie, I would never think to look up movies here.  It's pretty much located inside the mall's food court too - I rarely find myself anywhere close to there; even when I do go to the mall!  Camelview just seems so much easier!I would agree that this is a pretty average theater - i skipped the concessions but the seats were fine, the screen, volume, temperature, etc... all fine too. The experience was a good one because all of the yelpers that showed up got in no problem, and the movie was really cute.  (If you liked '40 year old Virgin' and 'Knocked Up', you'll like 'Forgetting Sarah Marshall'.)Nothing against this theater, but it was just fine - nothing really more, nothing really less.  If you find yourself at the food court at Fashion Square with time on your hands, go see a flick - if not, you won't be missing much either.
3	The dilemma:  Feed 10 of Sally Struthers' children for a month or go to the movies and snack bar.  Movies won this time.My first experience with this theater led me back to AMC.  Overcrowded and overrun with children of all ages.  That's all it takes for me.However, we decided to take in a movie yesterday evening (Sunday) after the mall had closed.  Far less crowded and an all-around more pleasant experience, thankfully, as my cheap ass does not like to pay $9.50 for a movie to begin with.  I was mildly irritated that when I ordered a small (child size) popcorn, the concession idiot tried to up sell me to a large with a free refill.  Now either I ordered a small because I don't think $6.25 for  popcorn is reasonable or I ordered a small because I don't want a 55-gallon drum of it to begin with.  Anyhow, it was over salted and I made the mistake of asking for "butter."  That would be some oily substance that the popcorn was bathed in.I'll come here again when the mall is closed or when gas reaches $17.85 a gallon, but much prefer AMC Esplanade just down the road.
1	This is an old theater, or at least it feels quite old, that has very small screens due to the limited space provided by the mall space. I mean this is IN the mall, not next to it, like dead in the center. one of the theaters in there couldn't of had more than 25 seats, it felt like a living room. In the age of the CINE CAPRI theaters in Phoenix, there is no reason to go see a movie on a screen that isn't much larger than the one i have at home! you also have a ton of kids and teenagers from the mall who hardly care about the movie and just want to screw around and talk, ruining your movie. I love Harkins, but take a pass on this theater.
2	It was Star Trek - The Movie, Redux that brought me here.My Lovely Daughter Whitney had the pleasure of my company at the movies, in honor (or honour, for you brits:) of my seemingly never-ending birthday celebration:)I was trying to remember if I had ever actually seen a movie here, or just walked too close during a shopping excursion and I decided that I hadn't ever actually been in the theater (or theatre for you know whom).I do like the Camelview 5, across the street, but, frankly, not so much the big brother here in The Scottsdale Fashion Square.We saw the movie on a mid-week afternoon, so the place wasn't overrun with tiny little disease carrying, mis-guided missiles:)Still, the there is just something about the place:     - Screens are kind of small     - Theater itself smells like a school bus, and not in a good way... I       think it's the ventilation from the SFS food court...     - Staff, including the concession staff just didn't seem to be having a       very good time...I suppose that's going to be true of pretty much any        movie house employee, but could you smile a little?...it would       make me feel better about the hilarious prices of your "treats":)On the plus side, Harkins popcorn has been consistently decent (and for $37 for a medium bag of the stuff, it should be lovingly coated in truffle butter...but it's not).Even though it's close to home, it not close enough to make up for the shortcomings:(I'm with Heather C... motor down the road (or better yet, ride your bike...we do:) to the AMC at Esplanade:)
3	Your standard movie theater. The seats are high and they recline slightly. I like resting my head on the headrest, I don't like the idea that people with lice may have used the chair immediately before me and how would I know if the seat was filthy? I'm sitting in the dark! I come here for the matinees which, at seven bucks a pop, are a once-in-a-lifetime steal compared to the $17 I'm used to in Los Angeles.
1	The location really hurts this theater (being in a mall).  2 things will be guaranteed with this experience: Crowds and Kids.  Things that can ruin any cinematic experience.Additional tip: Assuming it's because of the mall location, but this Harkins Theater charges more than the others...  It's true.
4	Usually, my wife and I prefer the movies playing at Harkins Camelview playing across the street.  But, when we're in the mood for a big box office flick, we'll head to Harkins Fashion Square.  There's nothing particularly fancy about it, but it is consistently clean and tends to draw smaller crowds than the rest of the big theatres around.  Damn, now the secret is out...  Curse you Yelp!!
4	One of the better movies theaters located inside a mall that I have frequented. Stadium seating, clean, and cushiony (is that even a word?) seats. The snack bar is typical of Harkins Theaters and they do have those extra popcorn flavorings at each side of the snack bar. The theaters have always been pretty clean.The only downside is that depending on the movie you see there might be a large group of rowdy teenagers laughing and yelling stupid shiz, but alas, you will run into that at any mall movie theater. Even though its located inside a mall they still have movies that start after 9pm, but when you get out its pretty empty, can be scary, especially if you just got out of a horror movie ;)
4	This Harkins holds a special place in my heart because I've been seeing movies here since way before Tim Allen put on the Santa suit and became papa to a North Pole full of elves. When visiting AZ as a kid, we would stay in Old Town and there were plenty of times that I would visit the movie theater for an afternoon matinee. Something about this theater makes me happy and the smell of popcorn lingering through the mall adds to its charm. This is a movie theater without thrills so don't come here expecting the dine-in experience that's so popular or trendy treats. Here you will get movie theater seating, buttery and delicious pop corn and sweets like gummy bears and sour patch kids. If you ask me, you don't need much else in a movie theater!
2	I love Harkins but some locations need an upgrade.  For the upscale customers that visit this mall the theater should be just as upscale.  It fails at meeting the customers taste in the finer things.
3	Admittedly, I'm a movie snob. I like my comfy seats, a quiet theater and an overall nice experience. This Harkins is OK. It's old...probably as old as Fashion Square is. It's age leaves a wonderfully musty smell in most of the theaters that isn't a deal breaker but is a quick reminder how long this theater has been around.Being that it is in a mall, it usually has a large amount of kids/teens buzzing around. They don't offer a huge selection of movies (only 7 theaters) but seem to show the big ones. Good location and average theater.
2	It's just not a great theatre. I love going to the movies, but these theatres are small (in terms of number of screens), old, and uninspiring. I'm a snob when it comes to movies. I'm happy to pay $12-16 a ticket for a great experience. Harkins Fashion Square 7 just doesn't get it done for me. It's shocking really, being in Fashion Square, a beacon of class and high end shopping, to have a pretty lame theatre in the middle of the food court. A plus side is that the theatres are huge, so even for a big event (opening day of Avengers), there is ample seating.I'd come back with a big group if that was the only option, but I don't anticipate being back too soon.
2	The theater was very small.  Screen was small.  Sound was OK.  Seats were fine (they rock a bit).  Like all Harkins they have seasoning for your popcorn.But this would not be my first choice for a theater.
3	Four adults for $28 for a Sunday matinee?  What's not to love?  The women's restroom needed better upkeep-- there was a slight ammonia smell (a by-product of urine breakdown) in the stall I stepped into, and there were overflowing trashcans and toilets, but perhaps it's freak-timing.  For this first visit in a long time, I'll give the staff the benefit of the doubt.After a few hours of shopping after the movie, we needed a restroom break before heading home, but the restrooms by the food court were already locked, so I thought I'd ask the movie ticket counter if we could use the restroom there.  It took the teen a few seconds and my suggestion to leave our bags with her (kind of like a form of collateral, so that she knew we weren't trying to sneak in for a free movie), but she finally caved in and let us through.  I swear, I thought she was going to turn us away.  Of course, if she did, then she was only doing her job, but I do hope she knows we really appreciated her kind act!  Thank you!!p.s.  Why aren't people willing to move in closer together so that vacant seats, but separated by those occupied, could now be available for incoming patrons who want to sit together?  I know I and my companions would readily do so for others...  I feel it's just a considerate gesture for people to extend, but perhaps I'm just expecting too much?  Hmm...
4	This theater has been here for years, before the big expansion of the Fashion Square Mall that attracted more of the high end retailers like Prada and Burberry.  The theater still holds the old-school theater charm for me, and while others might think it needs some renovating, I think it's fine the way it is.  We came here to see a preview of the Spiderman movie, and everyone here was very friendly.  The preview was advertised to be in 3D, but ended up being in 2D, which I couldn't really complain about since it was a free show, but to make up for it, the managers offered gift cards to each person that was in the theater for a future visit.  Now that's customer service!
4	I like this Harkins mainly because it is never very full. The theaters are a bit smaller than most Harkins theaters but is never as crowded which is nice.
1	My first visit at this theater was for a movie screening. Thankfully the movie was good so I was able to at least put out of my mind for a little while how bad this theater is. For being in a mall with higher end stores, this theater is so out of place. It is in need of a MAJOR make over. On the other hand, the theater does have very nice staff. Very helpful. Unless, it's for another screening I will not be back. I'll go to AMC theater.
3	We usually visit the Tempe location but this one works just as fine too. It can be pretty crowded as the box office extends into the mall food court area, and there are only a couple ticket windows. It was clean, and bathrooms had paper and soap-all that good basic stuff.I was craving a hot drink like a coffee or tea but I was out of luck.
4	it was actually raining at our house on saturday. that never happens. so instead of staying in, we headed over to fashion square to catch a movie. it's a small theater but they offer the latest releases. we arrived early to catch a 9:50 showing of Life of Pi. there were 5 other movie goers in the theater so it almost felt like a private screening. matinee prices, good popcorn. fun!
4	Was in Fashion Square to see a movie and I have to say this set up for Harkins it's kind of small, you have a smaller ticket booth that's in the corner of the food court, then you take a few steps down and you're in the theater. The lobby is small compared to the bigger Harkins I have been to, but this one reminded me of my favorite movie theater at a local mall I used to go to when I was a teen. Sometimes small is nice!
5	We attended a movie there and the theater was very, very warm. To the point that my friends and I were perspiring.  I informed the manager just so he would know. Was not trying to get anything comped. The staff was already great. He called and thanked me for my input and offered me free movie vouchers. I tried to turn them down but he insisted. It is very good to see that Harkins still maintains an excellent level of customer service.
4	I'm not demanding when I go to a theatre; all I ask is that the chairs are clean, the floors aren't sticky, and that the screen is big, bright, and easy to see--whether you're in the neck-breaker seats up front, or the make-out bunkers in back.Anyway, Archie, I already know the tickets and snacks will be a ripoff; that's just standard practice, whether you're at the movies, ball game, or drinking flat intermission champagne at some sad, community theatre production of Hamlet.Harkins Fashion Square 7 meets my diva requirements just as well as any other theatre. It's attached to a mall, and you enter through the mall, too. So, conceivably, you could sneak the slightly-cheaper food from the food court into the movies, if your purse, backback, or 1992-ish raver pants are big enough.Skinny jeans? Forget it. That freezing, 20 ounce bottle of Coke Zero is going to make me sterile. I mean YOU sterile. You.Me and my David Schwimmers are maverick, dangerous, and NEVER on a break.Dangerous, I tell you!Anyinsecure...The clientele at this theatre is typically quiet, young adult, and suburban. You won't get too much cellphone ringing, talking, crying babies in R-rated movies, or late-comers stepping on your new Jordans as they go for the middle seats.Overall, a decent theatre, but I docked one star because the red-vest-wearing guy who sold a box of Mike and Ikes to me seemed really methed out, and he kept scratching at invisible scabs, swatting at imaginary dragons, and warning me not to let the White man hold me down.He was White, too, and I know one employee doesn't represent a company in totality, but it was creepy, and I'm a total bitch.Harkins Fashion Square 7Cleanliness = More than FairMovie Selection = StellarSnack Choices = Michelle GellarEmployees = Mostly Groovy, some GhouliePeople Who Yell at the Screen = FewPeople Having Sex Between Scenes = Far BetweenChances of Sneaking In = Maybe, if you're born with itTheatre Hopping Opportunities = It's Maybelline
4	Although not the biggest or most up to date theater, I really like this one!  Rarely ever a line and supervisors don't look over people like hounds here.  Of all movie theaters, Harkins has the best popcorn by the way.
4	It's a Harkins movie theater course it's a decent place can't wait till 2015 when they rip it down and put in a brand-new one this phone will be read built in the one across the street called camelview will also be no more in place of 14 theater complex in 2015 can't wait
4	I love this little theatre! I come here all the time. Clean, comfortable and nice staff. Most importantly, the popcorn is yummy!
3	Decent theater. Seats are a bit old and screens are small. It's clean and the workers are friendly. Overall, a convenient place to catch a movie.
3	The Harkins Theatre is located in Scottsdale Fashion Square, on the Food Court level.  Featuring 7 theatres, they play current movies at a range of times.  Comfortable seating, not overly crowded and reasonably priced.  It's a great place to come after enjoying a day or shopping, or after grabbing dinner at one of the restaurants in Fashion Square.
4	Great theatre, great staff.  Usually not overly crowded--which I love.  They also offer a student discount which the kindly extend to poor teachers.   Occasional obnoxious guest but they have a great manager, Chris, who is working to better that issue.
1	First off, let me say that I'm not a native Arizonian.  I don't understand why addresses are not clear, entrances are often in the back and people always refer to your cross streets (when actual address could be 4-8 blocks away!) I went through hell trying to find this address and used my GPS!   If you think it's gonna be on Camelback Road:  SURPRISE!  You'll drive, like I did, round and round circling garages.  My GPS, mind you, directed me to the address and kept saying "you're here, it's on the left."  And I was looking on the left, at a parking garage.If you park in one of the garages, make sure that you note the garage's color and the stores you pass upon entering the Mall. After walking through the garage and into the inner buildings (Mall entrance??), I stared at the directory trying to figure out where Harkins Theatre was.  Lo, and Behold, this began my over the valley and through the woods hike.  If you're handicapped or have health issues, don't go here.  It isn't handicap friendly at all!  Everyone I asked for directions didn't have a clue.  When I finally stumbled upon the theatre, I immediately became claustrophobic.  The theatre was squeezed behind the food court, which left very little room for customers to line up and pay for tickets. If that wasn't enough, and to add insult to injury, the 7pm movie that I had passes to preview (note i arrived at 5:30pm despite getting lost)  had sold out earlier in the day at 1pm.  I was so disgusted and upset that I had an asthma attack.Retracing my steps to find the "green garage" was doubly difficult by my asthma attack.  I finally stumbled upon a Help/Security Desk and asked the clerk for help. Between gasps for air, I told her that I'd been walking around for 1.25 hours trying to find the correct exit to the green garage where my car was parked.  She tried asking me if I remembered any stores that I'd passed? Well duh, I'm having difficulties breathing here and if I remembered the stores, why would I be walking around for 1.25 hours still looking for my car?  She finally called an elderly security guard.  Obviously the elderly man must pride himself on his physical prowess, as he walked far too fast for me to keep up with and still breathe!  My maintenance inhaler isn't an effective substitute for my rescue inhaler (which I didn't have on me).  Not only was he walking very fast, but he kept asking me questions.  Why aren't these people trained to both recognize and assist ppl in physical distress? Were the tables reversed, and I had to help such a customer I'd dial 9-1-1.  The Security Guard led me out of the mall and into a parked golf cart which he drove (and I had to hold on tight to not fall out of the doorless cart when he turned corners) to the "green" garage.  I did manage, between wheezes, to tell him what type of vehicle I had and yet he kept still asking me questions??? I was good only for a yes nod or shake no. I pointed to my car and damn near fell jumping out of the vehicle.  Since I couldn't talk, I used sign language to tell him "Thank you," but he'd already taken off.  Gee, do you think he understood my signing?  I have a definite problem with this Mall, which sells High end merchandise, but apparently skimps on training their Customer Service Support.Would you believe that I drove the wrong way going home, and discovered the huge Harkins Theatre, on a different street than Camelback?  My trip would've been so much easier had I been given the exact address. It would've also helped if all pass holders who hadn't checked in, been notified that the show was full.Will I ever return?  How's that saying go:  "Fool me once....."
1	After a screening in theater seven where a significant portion -- about a third -- of the picture was cropped out on the sides of the frame, I grabbed a manager to ask if she was aware of the problem.  She told me it's an issue with the theater itself, they know they can't show the full picture, and charge full pop anyway.  I explained that it's extremely frustrating to pay to a movie, buy concessions, and sit down to watch 2/3rds of a movie.  Her response?  Basically: yeah, sorry about that.Really, really lame.
4	We wanted to go see a movie to get out of the heat, and this theater was a nice walking distance from the hotel we were staying at...  The attendants and staff were very friendly. The movie theater is right next to the food court, so if you don't want to spend too much money on snacks in the theater, you can just go grab a bite to eat before going to your movie! Or go afterward! =) The theater we were in was nice and cool, and very spacious and clean!If you're a Harkins fan & an avid moviegoer, don't forget to buy your Harkins souvenir T-shirt so you can get a free medium popcorn everytime you come in with it. Also if you purchase a souvenir cup, refills are only $1.50! These discounts go on all year long, just bring them in every time you come to a Harkins theater!
4	Tucked inside Scottsdale Fashion Square, customers can shop, eat, and enjoy a movie. I've always had a good experience at this theater. The staff are all friendly, theater is clean, and the latest flicks are playing.  Nothing I can do about the price of food, so I won't harp on that.  Each time I've watched a movie here, the crowd had been relative average...not too crowded.
5	Great theatre very clean lots of snacks to choose from great staff here and friendly will be back
5	This is a solid Harkins theater with comfy seats and good overall movie experience.  Besides the very small lobby, this is s typical Harkins which is a good thing.
2	This theatre is old and musty and outdated. The rooms are small and not very well sound proofed. I remember coming here when I was in high school and clearly not much has changed since.On the plus side, I think they're going to be re-doing it soon.
