4	Shopping for a bed is never fun. This place has a large selection to try out when making your decision. Very large showroom and very friendly service.Trying to find one that will last for a while and still be comfortable is tricky. They just don't make them like they used to. We tried the sleep #, the up and down ones, the really cheap ones and some that make you cry when you hand them your plastic.Came to the conclusion to stick with one of the Name Brands that I've had luck with before and go mid-range on the spending this time. Did my homework before coming in so I had all the numbers down and a plan of attack. Who pays retail?Our sales person Dustin M. was very helpful and friendly. He started us off by picking the firmness and the type of material we desired and then gave us plenty of time to try each beds. The wife and I narrowed it down to a couple of beds but played the poker face. I knew the store down the street was having a big sale and I told him. Dustin got out his pencil sharpener and gave me the numbers that I needed and then some to close the deal. Sweet!Thanks Debbie ... for making shopping for a bed easy and affordable.4.5 Stars
1	I am having bad back problems because of the bed that I bought here three years ago. When it was first delivered, it didn't feel like the same bed I tested in the store.  The one in the store was comfortable (soft but firm support) and a good deal.  The one that was delivered was hard and overall uncomfortable. Not at all worth the price I paid.  I called them and said that it was not the same bed but they insisted that it was. The tag says it is, but my back says it's not.  I suspect a bait and switch.  I could have and should have returned it, but I thought maybe it just needed to be broken in.  Nope.  I hate my bed and am looking for a new one--but won't be buying one here again. Ever!
3	Good showroom experience.   Big floor and a super helpful salesman.  Ron was patient and knowledgeable as we tried literally every mattress in the place.  Finally settled on mid range Beautyrest and went through a quick and easy checkout/delivery scheduling process (though judging by the couple next us, it looks quite painful to use their financing). The price was very good and the delivery charge quite reasonable. Delivery was one time and fine overall.  However, they would not remove our old mattress (said they couldn't recycle it for us due to condition and just left it in the hallway (kinda unwieldy... A thick king size mattress and foundation)... This was disappointing as we were told that delivery included recycling of the old mattress.  Luckily bulk pickup for our area We're loving the new mattress and have no issues thus far.Overall, the buying experience was good.  The expectation and subsequent disappoint on the old mattress removal was a bummer but all-in-all, it was a good experience.
