3	A group of us came here because we needed to get our drink on before standing in line to get into Pure nightclub. The waitresses were pretty attentive and the bartender got our drinks out in a timely manner. The staff did not mind that we moved the chairs around to accommodate our fairly large group of 10. You do get a view of the Pussycat Dolls party pit gambling area and there is a big fish tank in the middle of the lounge area. Other than that, I think this is a good pit stop to get your drink on before heading anywhere around Caesar's Palace.
4	Yes, it is just a casino bar, but it's actually a pretty nice one.  The seats are super comfortable, the bartenders are pretty friendly and attentive, and they have 25c video poker at the bar.  Great place to meet friends and grab a drink, especially if you're heading to Pure.
3	A pretty nice lounge inside of Caesar's.  For this past trip to Vegas, since I was over at the Palms, and my friend was over at Flamingo, we used this bar as a central meeting place, and where a majority of my video poker playing was done.We have been to this place before many times in the past because it is in a fairly central location, and if we have a larger group, there are tables in a spacious area to relax in.The drinks are expensive, but it's also a pretty nice area with a lot of people-watching ambiance to it... :DThe 3 stars are because my friend and I were sitting at the bar playing video poker, and with our experiences at other bars, when you're about 3/4 of the way done with a drink, the bartenders will usually come up to you and ask if you need another drink, or in some cases, just give you the same drink again without asking.  At Seahorse, no matter what time of day we go, whether they are busy or not, we had to seriously flag down a bartender to get us another drink.  Maybe it's a rule of the bar to ignore keeping the drinkers of comped drinks happy...
4	I love a casino bar. There's something about sitting down for a drink (or five) in a place that has its own unique decor and personality while still hearing, seeing, and feeling the excitement of the casino just beyond your table. The Seahorse is my favorite one of these. It certainly has its own unique decor and personality: a huge and beautiful tank filled with an array of seahorses; an ornate carving of an ecstatic-looking mermaid with huge and beautiful breasts (I've noticed that all of Cesar's female statues seem to have gone to the same plastic surgeon); cozy tables and couches spread around into different nooks throughout the bar. Of course you can play video poker and get your drinks comped (in my experience the bartenders are friendly, chatty, and generous with the drinks), but you can also order, relax, pay standard Vegas prices for drinks, and take it all in. On one visit, when I had opted for the latter of these options, I ordered a drink called the Poseidon (which was, as I recall, a gin martini with a dash of dash of Cointreau). The bartender served me the drink in a huge and beautiful martini glass and then gave me the shaker with the leftover concoction. Suffice it to say that I was pretty relaxed when we headed over to Mesa Grill for our dinner reservations. That warm and fuzzy feeling has hung on and I love the Seahorse to this day!
4	Probably an unknown hidden gem in my opinion.  This lounge is situated right before the Pussycat Dolls Casino and Pure, so it made for some great people watching from their cozy furniture.  Their drinks are kinda pricey but that's nothing new since you're on the Strip.  The waitresses here are very nice though and I've managed to make a few friends out of them since I frequent here every time I fly back to Vegas.  Definitely check it out and give it chance if not to drink, but to just chill out and take a break from the hustle and bustle of the Strip.
4	My friends and I stopped by this lounge to watch a football game on Saturday.Bucket of Bud Light (5 16 oz.): $25Pitcher of margarita: $35Service: 4/5Ambience: 3.5/5 - The decor is nice, but they really need to replace the TV projectors which don't complement a lounge of this caliber.
4	Really comfy chairs to kick back in with a cocktail and people watch.Limited bar - we asked for different flavored vodkas and they kept saying "not at this bar but at the other bar".  We never figured out what the other bar is.Interesting holograms of fish on the walls.No TV when we were there.  Supposedly also there is a light menu but didn't see that either.
5	This is not a five star review because this is the best hotspot in Vegas.  Nor is it a five star review because the Seahorse Lounge is so lush, plush, or otherwise updated.  Nay, this is not that five star review.  I'm giving the Seahorse Lounge 5 starts because of the following:- they always seem to have an available table and a few extra chairs around- they have Hendricks for my G&Ts (tho last Vegas trip we drank so much of it that they may *still* be restocking)- the waitresses have some of the worst costumes in all of Vegas (think midwestern high school's production of The Little Mermaid)- it's quieter than other bars in Vegas so you have half a prayer of having a conversation (if that's your thing)- GIANT FISH TANK- Open late (or early, depending on your perspective)
4	This is such a great Caesar's spot.  It seems to be slower to fill up than other locations on the property.  Sure, they don't have the "shadow" dancers as a draw, nor do they have a giant Cleopatra dangling her cleavage over your head as you walk by, but Seahorse directly overlooks the whole Pussycat Doll casino area at Caesar's.  That portion of the casino opens later in the evening, but if you secure your location at Seahorse early, you've got a front row seat to awesome.  And that front row seat, by the way, is crazy comfy and plush.
3	If I am hankering for a non-free drink and am in Caesar's and don't want to patronize a restaurant bar, this is where I go. It's very open and provides a good viewing of the casino floor. And there's all the pretty fish in the fish tank columns. And that's the draw. Otherwise, it's a middle-of-the-road casino bar. No specialty cocktails, no great beer. They do have one of my preferred sparking wines, though.
2	OK, so I read a review that said "quiet" and thought, my kind of place.Quiet? Not so much. Maybe it was quiet before the Pussycat Dolls tables moved in just outside the perimeter - I'm searching, here, people. It was ear-splitting noise. Deafening. Not at all intimate. On the plus side, it gave me an excuse to change tables to one of the comfy couch-type things so I could hear my fiance say sweet things to me while we snuggled close. And the Lemon Drop was fabulous. (For $15 plus, it should be.)And it was blue and green. I like blue and green
1	This used to be our go-to Vegas hang out bar; great location, open to the fun casino with comfy chairs, and pitchers of drinks for $75-$85 each, which, once you pour that into 6 drinks or so, isn't a bad Vegas deal.  But now they took away the pitchers and are just like every other bar in Vegas with $18 drinks.  Go back to the pitchers, Seahorse!
5	Chic chic boutique lounge with plush comfortable seating, strong cocktails and great service.The architectural design is gorgeous, complete with a massive 1700-gallon aquarium, imposing Roman columns, beautiful seahhorse and mermaid statues and plush leather armchairs.  The blend of Roman architechture, modern touches and ocean inspiration is very relaxing and peaceful. We enjoyed a few spicy bloody Marys and cocktails before our lunch over at Mesa Grill. My boyfriend caught some football action and played some blackjack on one of their electronic machines. Wonderful relaxing lounge in Ceasar's Palace. A great place to put your feet up after some rigorous shopping :-)
3	This was only my second trip to the strip and my 1st time to Caesar's Palace. I had signed up for a casino rewards plan our last night there. Yes, it was free but I still felt like I needed to use up as many of the coupons as I could. They expired 12/31/11 and we were there in November. It was nice weather not hot or cold so I was dressed in my Dress-comfy-buffet-eating pants but had a tough time getting the waitresses attention. In here defense she was busy helping all the men in their expensive suites. I hope they tipped her well. I went to the bar and got my 2 drinks with my coupon and out the door I went.
4	Caesar's Palace is probably one of the second largest casinos in Las Vegas and sometimes you need to take a load off while walking through the winding casino floor.  I stopped by this lounge on a quiet Friday afternoon.I found the Seahorse Lounge a great place to chill and have quick drink on my way out to the strip.  I play the video machines usually when I enter a bar like this.  The BJ games don't have double-down or split.  I occasionally got 2-Aces and couldn't do anything with them but HIT.  Bummer.   Definitely overpriced if you are not gambling, but this is the STRIP.  Boom!
5	Beautiful lounge that has a huge fish tank in the middle of the entrance! I love that this place is laid back and the service is amazing. I'm giving this place 5 stars because our server was so sweet for giving us an extra discount on our drinks. Saved us a lot of money because drinks here are EXPENSIVE!! But hey, its vegas so what do you expect? But if you can save a bit of money on drinks then why not take advantage of it? I'm definitely returning back here on my next trip to Las Vegas :)
3	It's as secluded a bar you'll find at a major casino.  The bar is elevated and located behind rows of slot machines.  There isn't a casino entrance in sight, and most people probably wouldn't even notice it.The seating is a little dated, but I think that's intended.  The huge single chairs are supremely comfortable and you can definitely exceed your pregame schedule by an hour so in this environment.  The people watching isn't that great however.  Caesar's Palace isn't a glamor spot any more, those days are long gone.  But you can still have a decent time at Seahorse Lounge."Caesar's Palace is probably one of the second largest casinos in Las Vegas..."Wait...what...
4	Need a rest from gambling or need to rest your feet from the walking this is the place to go. The service here is great as long as you can find a place to sit or at the bar. I came here with a group of 9 people and there was plenty of room. We were lucky enough to find a place in the sofa area so we can just chill. Drinks are pricy here especially their special cocktails for $14. I would not come here to get wasted, this is just a place to come to when your already feeling tipsy and just need to rest your liver a bit before restarting again.
5	5 stars for this casino bar because:* I loved the champagne cocktails.  While on the pricey side (upwards of $15), this is sort of par for the course in Las Vegas...and they were so tasty!  They are all made with fresh pureed fruit, and come with a straw for extra sipping fun; I enjoyed the grapefruit-based one in particular.  Of course, they also have a full bar.* Great ambiance.  The bar is located within Caesar's Palace, elevated a bit from the gaming floor and delineated by a half-wall that allows you to watch the gamblers and passerby.  The decor is defined by the giant cylindrical fish tank in the center of the bar, which lends a peaceful air to the place despite the business of the surrounds.  The chairs are large and comfy, and conversation is possible despite a medium level of background noise.  * Staff is attentive, courteous, and attired in funny little white dresses.My husband and I hung out here for a very pleasant couple of hours, honing our blackjack skills.  I would definitely go back!
3	I've taken more than my fair share of drunken strolls through Caesars in Vegas and this place always catches my eye and makes me feel even more intoxicated. The Seahorse Lounge? Really? Was I drinking absinthe tonight???Sometimes I can't help but go order a drink, I'm like a drunken moth mystified by the alluring draw of the cheesy flame.The drinks are expensive and the place is always empty, except for the occasional straggler hooker looking for easy prey, but there is not enough Seahorse juice in the world for me to fall victim. I just grab my gin and tonic and continue my journey into the Vegas night.
5	My boyfriend and i came here last Saturday, where the entire strip was packed..after hoofing it for about twenty minutes, we found ourselves wanting to find a good drink and a place to park for a moment. We ended up at Caesar's Palace and the huge fish tanks in the center of the lounge immediately drew us into the area. We sat at the bar, had a bartender named Mike come up to us (total Andrew Zimmerman look-alike). My boyfriend ordered a Mojito, I asked for a sweet, vodka based drink that had absolutely NO SYRUP in it! I had walked around the previous night with one of those towering frozen drinks in a souvenir cup that resulted in me ending my night with the spins. A small price to pay to the Vegas Gods, its not like you can do Vegas without getting a 3 foot Pina Colada, but that night I had a taste for something good and enjoyable. We had done our marathon drinking at the pool earlier, so at this point we something strong, yet delicious and enjoyable. Well Mike did NOT disappoint, my boyfriends Mojito was one of the best I ever had, and my drink was fantastic! Mike delivered exactly what I was looking for, which ended up being an infusion of raspberry and orange vodka, sweet and sour, and cranberry juice. The drinks ended up costing about $14 each, very fair for Vegas standards, and the size was great for the price. The atmosphere made you feel like you were definitely in the middle of the action, while at the same time the intimacy and space of the lounge is probably the best in comparison to many other casino bars. Drinks were strong, yet tasty and enjoyable, everything I could ask for from my bartender! Although Vegas is the place for yard long frozen margaritas and marathon drinking, when you are looking for a nice, upscale lounge with no dress code, high quality bartenders, and premium spirits at a reasonable price, this place is a MUST!
5	Situated just across from the Collisium entrance inside Caesars you find this intimate little lounge....We found it to be the perfect meeting place at the end of the day for a champagne cocktail or simple cup of coffee...Lovely, attentive servers take good care of you...the decor is tasteful and high end..and the centerpiece of the lounge is a fantastic aquarium that we stared at for hours...I liked also that children arent allowed..its a nice quiet environment for chatting or people watching...we'll be back again.... and again!
4	I had never been here prior to this past weekend but I'm glad we stopped by! The bartenders here are super friendly and even gave me the extra leftovers from the martini we ordered! It wasn't super busy and the lounge area is super comfortable and spacious. If you are into marine life, they also have a cute aquarium at the entrance with giant statues of seahorses and seaweed.
4	Cute place for a drink before a show at the coliseum! They have a full menu of delicious Champagne drinks. The aquarium with the Seahorses is must see, with your drink, of course! Love the attractive giant mermaid behind the bar....
2	Weird vibe here. The drinks were overly priced (e.g., $27 for a Grey Goose & Cran), but strong. The seahorses are cute, but not like a main draw. There are so many other amazing places to grab drinks that have much better atmospheres...why stop here?
3	Met here with some friends on a weeknight, because the bar we wanted was having some renovations done. The bar is a small area, and adequate for small groups only, but the aquarium is a nice touch. Again, small groups only. Drinks are good - I recommend the Godiva martini or a cosmopolitan. The drinks are mixed well, and taste good. However, beware the sticker shock! I paid nearly $40 for two martinis. They were strong, but woah! The waitstaff and bartenders were nice and professional. Overall the bar isn't bad, it's just really expensive. I understand it's Vegas, but only go here if you win a jackpot.
3	Aquarium is great and yes, there are seahorses! Noisy, but that's expected because it is located in the casino.
