4	At Pataka, hidden away from the city's hubbub in Newington, the order of the day is Indian and Bengali food - personal favourites of mine.Both a restaurant and take away, Pataka is never without a customer - and it is easy to see why. Food here is bursting with traditional flavours of India and cooked to perfection. Prices are moderate, and both the food and drink menus are extensive.The restaurant itself is cosy and modern, but still shows its traditional roots.Staff are friendly and quick, plus a quick chat with our waitress revieled that Pataka has featured in one of Ian Rankin's Rebus detective novels - which was a nice suprise.Patakas is an excellent restaurant, with good food and nice surroundings.
4	Pataka has a tiny interior and a minimalist menu. But don't be put off,  what Pataka does offer is some top quality Indian fare. The menu seems to focus in the individual chefs specialities - and these are mostly unique and tasty offerings.I opted for the Mangsho Roti, a spicy lamb dish accompanied by a couple of light and fluffy chapattis. As my fellow diners agreed, Pataka's dishes seem to have a clean and fresh appeal that plenty of Indian restaurants seem to lack.A little out of town, but with plenty of nearby bars to accompany a visit to Pataka you should be settled for the settled and content for the evening.
4	A great little place but somewhere you need to make a reservation for, the seating area is tiny and it's always full.Take this as a good sign though, I'm told that the vast majority of people in here are returning, regular customers.When I finally got a table, I was blown away by the attention the charming waiting staff paid us (anymore and it would have been creepy). My lamb was cooked to perfection and really juicy. They rice was some of the best I've ever tasted, whatever they flavored it with should be bottled and sold as an alternative to crack.
4	A classic curry house that strangely is also a homage to Glasgow's Macintosh-designed tea rooms of the early 20th century, complete with the high-backed wooden seats. They serve a nice range of curries, all with lots of thick sauce, just as it should be. My favourite is the bright red Tikka Massalam.As another reviewer reminded me - this wee restaurant also featured in one of Ian Rankin's Rebus novels ("Set In Darkness").
5	Really great food, best Indian meal I've had in Edinburgh. Staff are very friendly. Outside and inside was refurbished recently and looks the better for it (photos on yelp are dated now)The food is tasty, great variety; sabzi chiili dahl is amazing, the chicken dish in the chef's special wow!
4	A decent Indian (Bengali) dining experience with a reasonable price for the generous amount of food.  We were a party of two on a weeknight with some time to spend.  Ordered a vegetarian Biryani, Okra, Chicken Bhuna, and some garlic naan, paired with the house white (a fruity affair described as "quite nice" by my non-connoisseur partner) and lassi (drinking yoghurt level, definitely not as thick as I would prefer it). The staff are very friendly and courteous, and the food is quite pleasing. Each of the above dishes is well prepared - e.g. okra maintains a slight crunch, vegetables retain a mix of their own flavour and the main spices. There is a pleasing selection on the menu for vegetarians and non-vegetarians.  One main reason a 5 is not given is my high expectation, having visited eastern India. On the other hand, I forgot to request original spiciness. This would be quite tasty to European palates. My partner and I have sort of agreed to a 4.5, complimenting our sum total experience with this place.
4	Pretty good, and at an affordable price.Stopped in for lunch here with a friend, after I had told him that I missed my mother's home-cooked Indian food. I'm a Bangali, so it's often harder to find food that tastes closer to what we eat as a family. I have to say, this place hit pretty close to what I was expecting, which was a nice change,The lunch menu had three different options for the starter and the main each, and at 7.50 for the meal, it was pretty decently priced. (The portions were just the right amount of food to fill us up but not weigh us down too much to walk back homewards.) The food was tasty and clearly not the typical generic Indian food you can get around here, so good points in my books, definitely. Not a five-star review just because the menu options given for the lunch meal were a bit limited and kinda similar to one another in my opinion, but I guess what can a cute little place like this do on a weekday afternoon without ending up with a ton of waste?I definitely want to stop in for dinner some time soon to try out more of their selection. I've looked at their menu online, and it looks like a fantastic variety, with plenty of Bangali food to remind me of home.
