4	West Wing Bar is so well hidden, I was almost not going to write about it since its my little secret. Its ultra cool lounge spaces are just fantastic. Reminds me of something you'd find in San Francisco. Plus during 5-7p the have 2 for 1 drink specials. After a long day this is the best place on the strip to chill and unwind.. they even have chaise lounges in there.. I'm not kidding!
4	A bunch of us came to the West Wing Bar after watching Crazy Horse Paris. The place wasn't packed. But it wasn't deserted. The bar is quite small but the area is fairly spacious. There were many comfortable couches in that area. There were like 7-8 sections with 2-3 sofas per section. The ambiance is dark and not too noisy so you can actually have conversations. To the left of that area is a room with 2 big chaise (size of a full size bed!) and 2 LCD televisions for anyone to chill and watch TV. I had this drink, I forget what it is called, but it's a Brazilian specialty and supposedly similar to a mojito minus...the mint leaves, I think. It was pretty good. And the Orange Blossom Tea was very good. It tasted like Tang! But I tried it again the next day, and it had more alcohol taste in it. I think the specialty drinks were about $12 per drink.The only thing I didn't like here was that the room/area also served as a walkway to the elevators for the West Wing rooms. But I would still come back again for the ambiance =)
5	As it's name suggest it's a bar/lounge located in the West Wing of the MGM Grand Hotel. We went here every night of our stay for our first drink of the night. Our bartender Al made us laugh and fed us pretzels. A great place to get a Pomagranite Martini or Mojito.
5	Thank you Yelpers.  You rock.  Based on your reviews we checked out West Wing after seeing Ka at MGM Grand.  Oh, West Wing Bar and Lounge, how I love you!  Very classy and subdued with a great swanky loungy feel.  Not pretentious at all.  A great place to have a drink and conversation.  We asked the bartender to make us a cocktail that was a nice sweet ending to the evening.  He made us an oatmeal cookie which was Bailey. Gold Schlager, and some butter scotch thing.  Delish!  No obnoxious spring break partiers drinking 48 oz margaritas in a 3 ft tall plastic cup shaped like the Eifel Tower or Statue of Liberty.  No hoochies insisting they have to drink Kristal because they saw it on Fabulous Life.  Even though they are drinking out of a red plastic cup at their parties at home.  No track suits.  No Ed Hardy trucker hats.  And no one was smoking.  But I digress ... Thank you West Wing for a lovely time.
4	The west wing bar, located in the back corner of the MGM Grand, is a unique concept even for Vegas.It is a subdued, and sometimes very quiet bar, with a classy look and feel ..........................and it is right in the middle of the hallway going to the "west wing" elevators.Who would have thought of this concept.A classy bar located in a hallway .......They have a great happy hour with two for one drinks on any drink less than  $12.00.Again - a really nice concept - but really ! ! in the middle of the hallway.My first visit to the bar was again a unique experience. The bar has a nice selection of cushioned seating areas, for some super conversation or as we found out - a guys BGF getting him off late in the afternoon.Must have been one of those things - "lets see where we can do it in public for the cheap thrill of it."At first we thought she had just had to much vegas and was passed out -     silly .... nieve us.We wondered what the conversaton was going to be when the bar girl went over to get their order ......... oh yea ! !All in all - the west wing is great for relaxation, watching people ( going to their rooms) and for some super drink specials.It is not real easy to find ........ best way - turn right at the Rain forest cafe gorilla and follow the signs past starbucks.You will not be disappointed ..........
4	I stayed in a West Wing room this weekend and walked through this Bar several times. I finally stopped for a drink my last night.  There was a DJ playing and it seemed like a very cool understated place.  Next trip to The MGM Grand I'll definitely make it a regular stop. It is wheelchair accessible with some really comfortable looking couches.
5	This place is beautiful. I really wouldn't consider it a pub since that's what it says under category. The decor gives it a very  comfortable lounge feel. It's located in the back of the MGM and the way we walked in was through this looong hallway, kinda creepy looking actually.  Don't go there on Sunday b/c the DJ won't be there. I was heading towards the bathroom and they had these long couch lounge type of seats with a huge plasma in front of. Big enough for 4 people but better for 2. Drinks were about $12. Get there early to get a section for you and your friends to sit. Definitely going back next time I'm in LV!
4	West Wing Bar is where you go when you not quite in the mood for a club, but you do want something special on the strip. I would still dress nice to go to West Wing Bar but you don't "have" to. But this is a nice bar, they have a dj playing some fun music, really cool couches, and a tv sitting area in the back. I had this as my meet up place before my birthday this year at Studio 54. West Wing Bar feels somewhat separate from MGM (almost hidden) you walk through an area that seriously remind me of a boat the ceilings passing people's rooms are so low and it seems like you're going the wrong direction- but then behind the double doors is this lovely bar. I ordered my first bellini here and then did a mind eraser shot with my friends it was a great time. The bar tenders seemed very knowledgeable and confident, but not so friendly. There was no drink special the night I went so don't expect to save a lot of money on drinks but still cheaper then the clubs and much more relaxing. great meet up place!
4	Definitely nothing bad to say about the place.  The bf and I went on a Friday night after plenty of 'tinis at Craftsteak (check out my review for those!).  I agree with other Yelpers.. it's not super fancy, but it won't look like you're trying too hard if you wear a dress or a nice shirt.  I opted for the dress ;) The place wasn't packed, but every couch/sectional had someone on it.  Luckily we found an open couch and had a seat.The couches were comfy.  The music was good--think piano bar but not *quite* as rowdy.  I don't think that's every night, since it looks like some people mentioned a dj.  But the piano player was good.. she played a lot of popular (what i like to call) "white people" music.. not that I have anything against it.. I loved singing along to it.  I'm just saying it wasn't background or club music.  What impressed me was that she agreed to the request of playing Sir Mixalot's "Baby Got Back."  And she only agreed to do it if girls got up to the piano and danced.  LOL!!  Girls danced, she sang, I laughed.  Good times.Drinks.  I wanted the margarita that had tequila, agave nectar, and lime juice.  Sadly they were out of agave nectar but they upgraded me to the ultimate margarita for no extra charge.  Thanks!  The drink was STIFF, but good.. too stiff for me though.Definitely a nice place to go to when you wanna predrink or have a "chill" going out night in vegas (is that even feasible?).  I'll definitely consider going back the next time I'm in vegas!
3	Went on a Friday with Natasha.  Got there just as happy hour was ending.  Nothing remarkable about this place.  The piano player was good, and took requests.  She plays from 8-2.  Talk about sore fingers.  Natasha found the decor cheap and cheesy.  I found the foot traffic going to and from the elevators distracting.  If you're staying in MGM check this place out, but by no means make this a destination.
3	I wanted to give it five stars but there were some service problems during my visit.West Wing is deep in the bowels of MGM and is definitely unique.I arrived at 5 pm and the place was totally dead on a Wednesday.  I wanted to take advantage of the 2 for 1 drinks and food happy hour (5-8).  There were a few problems right off the bat.  I sat down in the lounge area (bar seating is limited) and began searching for a cocktail waitperson.  After ten minutes, someone in management appeared and asked the bartender if he needed help.  Eventually the waitress appeared from wherever she had disappeared and took my order.  I was disappointed to see there was no food on the menu (they do provide salty nuts for free).All of this time waiting gave me a chance to explore the lounge in detail.  The decor is very cool and you can actually have a conversation in here (fairly unique for the strip).  On the negative side this place acts as a thoroughfare to the west wing of the hotel (hence the name...nothing to do with the TV show).  Be prepared for a constant stream of flip flop clad hotel guests interrupting your enjoyment of the decor.  The drinks were good once you got past the friendly but indifferent service staff.  Don't expect food - go somewhere else if you want to get something in your stomach before the partying begins.  Overall the experience was a little disappointing because of my expectations.  Hopefully this review will save you from the same expectations.
4	I've been  here a few times with my guy and we love this place.  Its sexy, intimate... and not flooded by tons of people.  It's a great place to people watch and it is totally chill.  I'm sure i'm coming back here in the future.
5	$5 Skyy drinks?  Hells yeah, I'm in!The two-for-one deal must be over, much to the dismay of the geriats who shuffled in at 4:59.  The $5 deal covers all Skyy drinks, and it even includes martinis, which nearly did me in later.  It also includes Bud products; the less said about which the better.We were here twice, both times to watch the Stanley Cup finals.  We sat at the bar the first time with a great view of the action.  The second time, I asked Joe the bartender if he could put the game on, and he did us one better by setting us up in one of the side rooms, complete with reclining couch!  Extra points to Tina, our server, for commenting on my Jamie Moyer shirt and knowing what the Moyer Foundation is, as well as for being very friendly and attentive.But, how were the drinks, you ask?  Pretty damned good, I say.  Al the bartender made a tasty Skyy Citrus lemon drop and Joe made good Skyy Cherry Vodka Collinses.  He also made a Skyy Ginger and lime martini that Sandya invented on the spot, and it turned out great.  When we come back, we'll have to try the Skyy Ginger lemon drop that Tina suggested.Even the Blackhawks fans here were tolerable.  At one point, a guy walked into our room and asked if we were Canadian.  We told him that we were Flyers fans, and he responded that he hates Byfuglien.  Beauty, eh?
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. The Good: Really nice atmosphere, with lots of places to hang out on chairs and couches with groups of friends. It has a cool, lounge-type vibe. The Great: Amazing drinks. We had two of their specialty cocktails, the English Fog and the Cherry Bourbon. The English Fog in particular was outstanding - a mix of top-shelf gin, elderflower liqueur, and housemade rosemary simple syrup. Mmmm! Mad props to the mixologist responsible for designing the creative, inspired drink menu. Even at a high-ish price ($12-15), the English Fog was worth it.The Bad: The bartender we had was AWFUL (yes, despite the great drinks). When we ordered their "specialty drinks," the bartender gave us a confused look, and asked, "Huh?" We repeated our order, while pointing to the items on the menu. He then replied, "Okay," and proceeded to look at a recipe for each drink. We stood there watching him for about ten minutes while he fumbled with mixing our drinks, even pausing once to ask the cocktail waitress where the olives were stored. He took so long, my husband's drink sat in the shaker in melting ice for a few minutes. I'm not a bartender, but even I know that's a big no-no. When we finally got our drinks, the bartender apologized to us and let out an embarrassed chuckle. Maybe the regular bartender called in sick, and asked his non-bartending cousin to stand in for him that night? It's hard to believe that was the real bartender. Also, as noted by other reviewers, the walkway and hotel exit that runs right through the bar is oddly placed. People toting children and luggage are continuously coming and going, making the place feel more like a major airport rather than a cool lounge. In summary, go for the atmosphere and specialty cocktails, and pray that you get a better bartender.
5	We had our wedding reception for about 70 people here on 7/31/10...it was awesome. The ambiance was great, the food was fabulous and the service was top notch. Beth Miller coordinated everything for us, and she did a great job.
5	First time in Vegas and first cheap, GOOD drink. A dirty martini with skyy vodka and bleu cheese olives for $5 during happy hour. Yes please! Plus the atmosphere is great. A nice vegas lounge feeling with private areas where you can rest your feet on a large reclined sofa while watching tv, a nice break while checking out the strip.
5	This is a great hidden gem hidden away at the MGM Grand...we have been there twice already in our stay here and LOVE it!!! Happy Hour is AWESOME...the were having $3 (yes THREE dollar!) Skye vodka beverages. They were well made. All the servers we have come into contact with have been lovely; especially the cocktail waitresses... Great ambiance; great lighting. Fabulous service. And, yes...the fake boobie; ironed hair crowd will not be found here. (Que Horror!) Might even have to sit next to a couple from Montana (oh no!) But the old couple are funny as hell; and we were tired of making fun of all the Bimbos. So...this was a welcome respite... We'll be back tomorrow!
4	It's Vegas, and there are a ton of cool, beautifully designed lounges around town. What I like about West Wing Bar, however, is its secret hidden location, its retro-mod decor, and its quietude. I'm not a fan of loud lounges where you have to shout to be heard -- this is the kind of spot you can kick back (they have multiple sofas and easy chairs) and have a real, boozy, rambling conversation.Because it's kind of hidden (it's tucked away in a corner of the MGM behemoth, right behind the M&M World monstrosity), it's not packed full with annoying douchebags. But it's right by a set of doors that take you directly out to the Strip -- making it one of the most accessible spots in the entire MGM complex.Besides the fun, hidden location, the decor is also really cool -- totally Mad Men-esque. And they also have an awesome Happy Hour, with $5 Skyy specials and $3 beers. UNHEARD OF in Vegas!My advice is to put on something swanky and have a drink or three at West Wing... then, at 10pm, stumble down the hallyway to the nearby, equally-swanky NobHill Tavern to soak up the booze with their late-nite happy hour menu (amazing apps and small plates for $8 apiece, from 10-midnight). Swankerific!
2	Had a food/bev comp from MGM for totally effing up our reservation. Had to go through this bar to get to our room, so we stopped for a drink. 1 Miller Lite + 1 White Russian = $22, it's only 2 drinks, so I tipped $3. The bartendar accidentally typed it in as a $300 tip which I didn't discover until checking our bill in the tv to make sure the hotel really was comping what they said they were. So I went back down, and the bartender was aware of his mistake, and waiting for a manager to correct it. What I'd originally ordered was a mojito, but he didn't have all the ingredients at the time. When I went back about the tip mistake, he offered one, but at that point, all I wanted to do was sleep. And I wasn't going to sit at a "fancy" bar in my pajamas while my fiance waited upstairs. The bartender was nice, though. He's why the place gets the 2nd star.
4	I almost don't want to write a review as I don't want everyone to know about this place. It's a fantastic little bar hidden away in the West Wing section of the MGM. Shhh. Don't tell anyone, but this place is an awesome hip and cozy hangout.I was so thrilled when I stumbled upon this hidden gem a couple of years ago. And it's kept me coming back. The cocktails are excellent, albeit pricey. There's a small bar area and then several low booths and chairs. There's no smoking and the noise levels are just right.Thanks to Yelp Drinks, I was able to sample two cocktails I hadn't tried before for half off. The Cantata is delicious and a wonderful summery drink. The Cherry Bourbon was strong, but delicious.Great cocktails and vibe make this a wonderful drinking spot.
4	The only secluded untapped bar on the strip what an oxymoron. Should it be mentioned or kept hidden. Great little nooks and crannies with comforftable chairs and fairly good drinks.  It was part of Yelp drinks week and yes the drinks might be a little pricey but, this is also MGM Grand and on the Strip. The bartender seemed a little confused and hated life and the waitressed seemed to run away a little. I was also there for an event so they were not sure what was going on. I will go again if it is there happy hour for sure.
4	I came here for the 50% off Yelp Drinks. I got myself the Cherry Bourbon, I liked it so much I got a second one. I am a huge fan of bourbon whiskey, and this drink was a good mix of sweetness and that kick you get from a bourbon. I was disappointed when I couldn't light up one of my cigars in this low lit area of a lounge, it was the perfect setting for a drink and a fine cigar.  I met up with my brother and a friend right at 5pm but had to wait several minutes before ordering drinks, when we asked what time they opened a person behind the bar told us it would open when the bartender got there... phht. which was not reassuring. Even after ordering it took another 15 minutes to get our drinks.This place was as exciting as watching the lions in the habitat, lame and uneventful. This small quaint lounge located next to the restrooms is not for me. I am giving this place 4 stars though because I liked our sever and if I passed through the MGM I would stop by this place again...
4	$5 Sky vodka martinis and $3 Sky vodka cocktails during happy hour - best deal I could find on the strip (though I was only there for 3 days, so please lmk if there is something better).  Made our first trip to Vegas with the family and daytime was all about the kids, so when we got a chance to sneak out for a couple of hours by ourselves, we were ready to find some quiet, chill place to sit and talk.  Thanks to Yelp for pointing us to West Wing Bar in our hotel.  It fit the bill perfectly.Felt a little bad for the servers who had to go into a full squat every time they served or cleaned up a table, but it did not seem to affect their pleasant, helpful attitude.  We went back the next night b/c we liked it so much.  Chocolate martini was really yummy.  Bloody Mary was ok, just typical.If we go back again, I'd really like to try some of their original full-price cocktails - very creative :)Overall, a great experience.
4	LOVE this bar! Loved it even more that for $88/night, I got unlimited well drinks for 2 adults (and buffet). Loved it best that well drinks were actually what other bars would consider premium:crown, johnny, sky....plus the bartenders were extremely nice and generous with the pour. Anyways, there's two really cool egg or dome shaped loungers in the backside of the bar and it has its own little TV that you can watch ESPN. SWEET. For a ginormous hotel that is MGM Grand, the West Wing Bar, and the whole West Wing hotel area, is tucked away in a nice and quiet part of the hotel. Its like a hotel within a hotel and the West Wing Bar is a your little hideaway to unwind and relax in an unpretentious atmosphere. Rare for the Vegas strip, I know. Pros:-Intimate, unassuming and fully stocked bar-Again, those loungers! I could stay there all day.-Prices; really good happy hour, even better when its all you can drink!-The have their own bathrooms so you don't have to walk to BFE to goCons:-No food served, just complimentary pretzels-Depending on where you park, would be kind of a walk from the garage. You could just get dropped off by the West Wing entrance as a shortcut.
5	In any other location, this would be a 3-star bar, but for Vegas (and a hotel/casino bar, at that), this place is wonderful.  Tucked away down a west wing hallway, it gets little traffic and is relatively empty most nights.  Bar service is very quick, and if I recall, drinks are a little less expensive than the bars closer to the casino floor.
4	This bar is really cool!It's a very dark, intimate setting. Comfy couches... TVs... it's pretty awesome.Oh, and the bathrooms are clean!
5	For the past 5 years, every time the Hubs and I come to Vegas, we stop here for happy hour (usually more than 1 night). It's kinda hidden and off the beaten path, so it's never crowded. The happy hour special is $5 Skyy drinks from 5 to 7 pm, so it's a good place to stop for a pre-dinner drink (or 3). The bar has several flavored Skyy vodkas, which are included, and the last time we were there, we chatted up the bartender--not hard to do since we were literally only people in the bar. So, he started playing around with Skyy cocktail recipes and made us several of his "experiments," which were DELICIOUS! Ask for a "Ginger Collins," and you won't be dissapointed. Staff were all super-nice and attentive (we were there on two seperate nights last visit to Vegas). Plus the ambience is fabulous with low lighting and cozy red leather chairs and booths. There are a couple tvs behind the bar, which made the Hubs happy since a golf tournament was on, but they have the sound turned down low so they don't interfere too much with the trendy lounge atmosphere.
3	Great for people who want a VERY quiet evening!  After dinner the PIC wanted to try another spot within the MGM. The west wing bar popped up and sounded intriguing. So we asked someone where to find this place. If your going from within the hotel, you walk through a walkway passing the vip poker area I think. Then walk through a hallway of rooms, Im like WTF but whatever we kept walking to the end of the hallway and made a left and opened some dark ass door  and boom were in this spot. Man this place was D.E.A.D.!!!!  So boring. BUT this spot is great if you were having a first date drink with someone , thats for sure. Nobody and I mean nooooooooobody would bug the shit out of you here.  I did a redbull and vodka and PIC was like  really, you want that? We got that in the room LOL. True but I gotta pic something in Snoozville. Drink was aight. Got to bored and walked back to Fat tuesdays baby and passed the F out by midnight LOL.Goodtimes.....
3	Somewhat ambivalent service. but $3 vodka cocktails nightly from 5-6 pm.
4	This is my favorite lounge in the MGM...Awesome atmosphere.
2	This place looks more like the check-in area of a hotel. There is nothing that would consider it a bar except the fact that there is a small bar and a waitress stand, which means the bartender is S.O.L unless someone sits in one of those six seats. West Wing Bar has a medium sized open area where there is a lot of traffic due to the elevators which lead to the hotel rooms. Located inside the MGM, there are far better places to grab a quick beverage whether you are old or young. However, if you are in Vegas strictly for business this would be the place to hold a meeting with another person as this place is lobby style.
5	This is a hidden treasure in the MGM. Great for after concerts or if you need a little breather before ramping up again. Toward the back are a few super comfy "couches" with tv right in front of you.
4	A gem in MGM.If you walk as far as you can through the halls of MGM, almost where you think you aren't supposed to walk through, you'll find West Wing Bar. It is so dim and empty, I thought it was out of business, but there was a little man behind the bar that said they were open. I got over it as soon as I got my $5 vodka cocktail and $5 wine in each hand (yolo). These prices are unheard of on the strip, much less in MGM. Yes, the bar faces a sketchy street entrance but the drinks eased any worries. These prices were worth the potential danger! Jokes aside, I recommend this as a pre-game or warm-up to dinner or your night, as we did it. The bartender was really nice and serviced us asap. My only complaint is the day after we went, it wasnt open, even though the sign indicated it would be.A little weird figuring out the days of operation but other than that, I'd say go and get our $s worth!
