3	After the Walgreens portion of the adventure came to an end, we decided that we are going with CVS.  Too much drama had already ensued, so what the heck.  It couldn't get much worse.Well, it did for a while.  First, I tried to transfer a prescription online using the cvs.com web site.  Didn't work.  Rather, it seemed like it was going to work, and I received a confirmation and everything - but it never took.When I called them the next morning to see when the prescription would be ready, they had no idea what I was talking about.  That stinks.  So I had to go in and deliver it by hand.  Then I waited a couple hours and received a call that they didn't have it, so we'd have to wait until the next day, at which point it's a little frustrating, because we're already running on empty - a fact I let them know.The bonus here is that they called.  That's something that never, ever happened at Walgreens.  And when I told them the problem, they offered to call around and see if they could find some and get it brought in.  I suggested perhaps I could go get it, which took a minute to sink in, and they said they'd call back - which they did (double bonus!).Unfortunately they called to let me know that Walgreens had already filled the prescription (see that review for details), but once that was cleared up, we spoke via phone - again! - and we had the prescription.  Finally.  CVS is way better to deal with than Walgreens.  At least so far.  We'll see how it goes.
3	As a previous cvs advocate I am saddened by my experience here- skipped the rite aid and wahlgreens to come here because I had a 20% off coupon. Mistake. They wouldn't take it. Even though it was a coupon with my name on it from CVS... they didn't want to assist me further, and I declined my items I wanted to purchase. HUGE turnoff and very poor customer service.
3	This cvs is outdated. I don't go in there anymore after my first experience. It's not in a very good area anyways. It's Not CVS fault but I'd perfer to drive a little farther and go to the one in matthews. if you absolutely need something, I would come back here.
