5	Great Food Great Prices!  I highly recommend you check out The Hill; they have a tremendous atmosphere!  I've gone with my wife for an evening few drinks and watch the sports games and brought our son the following day for a family dinner.  Great Wings- I am sort of a self proclaimed wing expert and was impressed!
5	I really like this place: the food is excellent and very fresh, the restaurant is very clean and spacious, and the 3-4 people we interacted with during our dinner were friendly. Very laid back with a great bar and open feel. Excited to go back....
5	Food is great, prices are great, and the staff is great!!  Couldn't ask for more.  Will be back soon!!
3	Should I use the word "great" in this review, just so that I can feel like I am one of the cool kids?  Or does that usage count?I will say that the old incarnation of this restaurant was much less enticing.  The Mint Hill Grill & Deli was not appetizing in any way other than the name.  I hate that a business closes, however, especially one so close to my house, so it was good to see someone come in and take it over.When The Hill opened, the first thing I noticed was that they were packed at just about any time of day.  Now to be fair, they do not seem to be open for breakfast (the old place was not either), and they are also closed on Sundays - but lunch and dinner has this place hopping, so I had to stop in to see what was going on inside.The old "deli" counter has been replaced (refurbished) into a bar, and there are a handful of tables and some flat-screen televisions.  But other than that, there is not much different on the inside.What really changed was the menu and the staff.New offerings are much more appealing, served up quickly and the staff is one of the friendlier in town.  Definitely worth checking if you head out this way.
4	I've had lunch here a few times and have been pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food.  The staff is friendly and timely.  Good place to have a sandwich in Mint Hill.Much better than the previous Mint Hill Deli that was in this location up until 2010.
5	Laid back with enough attentiveness from the staff to make you feel very welcome. You HAVE to try the Turkey Cuban. Prices are great and the beer is cold. Can't ask for much more. I just found a new "regular" place to go.
5	I cannot get enough of the french dip, and the fried pickles are amazing. It's a great place when you're not sure what you want to eat, they have a wide enough selection that you can always find something delicious that you want to eat. love it@
5	Very good food and good selection.Love the BLT with an egg on it (just like my family has always made them) Onion Petals and HBs are very good. Friendly staff.I support all eateries in Mint Hill and recommend The Hill.
3	I've enjoyed the 50 cent wings here on Tuesday and on Thursday. I like to come here after a long day at work and enjoy them alongside a cold beer. The wings I usually have in "Hill Style" flavor which is a sweet and spicy deal. I'm eager to try other things on the menu. More to come....
3	Been to the Hill a few times now, mostly for their wing nights and I can say its a quaint hometown little grill and bar. It is definitely a lot nicer then the original Mint Hill grill and deli. The hill offers full beer, wine and liquor with some good beer selections. The menu is as to be expected for a local grill and bar. Not upscale but good quality sandwiches and appetizers. It is definitely one of the best places Mint Hill has to offer
3	The first time we tried to go to the Hill a few months ago, it was a lackluster experience, and we didn't even get as far as eating. A sign was up saying to wait to be seated, and we did. In fact, we waited quite a while, and although the staff was milling about and one employee even came over to adjust the TV right beside us, no one offered to seat us or even greeted us. They were busy (they always are--there's not many options in Mint Hill), but it seemed rather egregious, so we left.Last week we decided to give them another try. This time we went for lunch, and were greeted by a sign instructing us to seat ourselves. We did and were promptly served. The food was better than I was expecting (the fries were excellent and my turkey Cuban sandwich hit the spot), and our waitress was friendly and attentive. The first experience was 1 star; the second was 4, so I'll give them 3 overall. The Hill is worth a try if you're in the area. Just be ready for some bumps if they're overly busy.
5	The hill is great!!! Best food in town!! French dip is amazing!!! Very clean place. Definatly recommend this place. The owner CERTAINLY built one heck of a business!!!
5	This place is really good. So far I've had the French Dip and the wings. I didn't like the Hill style wings, but the hot wings were delicious. The French Dip is thin sliced London Broil and it is easily one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The prices are reasonable, it's out of the hustle and bustle, and the service is good. Can't go wrong with this place.
1	I a not impressed with the takeout Black & Blue Chicken Pita for the price. I could have gotten a better chicken pita sandwich from Shomars across the street, no flavor very bland, not what I call blackened chicken. Where is the spice? . Fries very little and one of the fries tasted like somebody did not wash their hands seriously, I just about gaged.
4	Fresh yummy food at decent prices. The staff is pretty friendly. It's  jazzed up bar eats with a comfortable atmosphere!
5	Great food and friendly staff.  A must visit in Mint Hill!
5	Great atmosphere and a friendly staff.  The menu is priced reasonably and the portions are big.  I have been going there since it opened and enjoy their Tueday, Thursday Wing specials.  Get the hill style!
4	We tried a few different things, typical bar food items, to get a feel for the foods served.  Fries with Bacon and Cheese, the Fries tasted great, were crisp but light on cheese and bacon. I would have added more and gotten it through the Fries more not just over the top. The Wings were mild as asked, so right on with the heat, good flavor but ours were a little overdone. Moist chicken is preferable to crunchy for us. Onion petals were good but not home made, so you can't go wrong there. However....they had the absolutely most amazing burgers! My favorite was the Hills Piggy Burger, with Swiss, Tomato, Mayo. I think to have it with onion would have over powered the meat and egg flavor. They did an awesome job, juicy, nice size portion and great flavor. They weren't crowded and the noise level was fine, staff friendly and attentive. We will definitely go back again, to try a few more sandwiches to see if consistent. You can get bar type foods anywhere, but a great burger/sandwich is hard to find and nice to know where to go when you want a quick bite to eat. I think we'll try them for Lunch next time!
5	At the hill again for lunch.  Hot crispy wings and homemade soup while the car gets inspected next door.  Great way to pass the time.
4	We recently moved to Mint Hill from the South Park area and have been exploring what our new home has to offer. The Hill is not the kind of place you drive 20 miles for. But it is exactly what you want in a neighborgood bar and grill. Good food, good prices and friendly service. It is so nice to have a place close by where the staff makes you feel welcome and you can tell they enjoy working there. Just what we were looking for and we look forward to becoming regulars.
5	Wonderful place.. Ask for Emily she's the BEST!!!
3	Ordered take out twice and dined in twice. Had great experiences twice and not so great the other times (slow service/messed up order). I really want to love this place though since we just bought in the area recently and there are not too many options in Mint Hill.  Will definitely be back and hopefully can update the rating with another star.
5	The BEST fried pickles EVER! made fresh daily. Fabulous service.  Fresh ingredients. Husband really liked his burger. Families, couples, people of all ages were there. We'll be regulars for now on.
3	Food was good, but REALLY slow service. Zucchini burger was tasty as were the sweet potato tots.
4	Great atmosphere, good food, and cold beer!  The Black and Bleu Chicken Pita is awesome!!!!
3	Having just moved to the area, we were looking for a local bar to enjoy. I do feel bad  giving The Hill 3 stars because the food wasn't bad and the bartender was super nice. The food is mostly all fried which I suppose is expected. I got a hotdog on a pretzel bun and it was delicious! My main issue was the crowd - it seemed as though the wait staff was very involved in sitting around chatting with the locals about gossip. Prices of beer is very reasonable so that's a major plus in my book!
5	My first visit to The Hill was very enjoyable.  I had the French Dip and highly recommend it.  This is not anywhere close to "classy" or high-end....it is simply a good neighborhood joint with good food, pleasant service, a dozen TVs, and a friendly feel to it.
4	I went here with my wife for the first time yesterday, and it won't be the last. We live right around the corner from here, and I'm surprised we hadn't come here sooner.The Hill is nothing fancy. It's a neighborhood pub through and through, and that's not a bad thing. Their menu consists primarily of appetizers and sandwiches, and they have a great selection. My wife had the cheesesteak sandwich, and it was great (I ate half.). I had the fried bologna sandwich, and I enjoyed that as well. I can appreciate any menu that even includes such a sandwich. There were a lot of others on the menu that I wanted to try, so that made decision making difficult.The beer selection was decent, with the usual domestics and some local varieties from OMB. Bring in some Birdsong!Finally, the service here was great. It took a few minutes to be seated, but that was because our hostess was also the bartender, our server, and was bussing tables. Despite having so many jobs to do, she did them well and was very friendly. I'll be back!
4	Came in here for lunch one Sunday, my first thought was this was def. the local hangout! The place was packed with people and the bar full of people watching Sunday football. It was really loud in there but I didn't mind, people were just getting excited over the game. We had the fried pickles for an appetizer which were good, a little greasy but good. I originally ordered the zucchini burger but they came back several minutes later and told me that they were out so I ordered the veggie sub. I wasn't all that pleased with the sub but it could have been worse. I ordered the homemade chips as the side which were delicious. I would love to go back and try the burger some other time. They have a few local beers on tap as well which is nice. If you are in the area this is a good place to stop for food.
2	Food is ok. Typical bar food. Wings are mediocre.  Never have had great service here. Our waitress this evening never once stopped by to ask how our food was or offered to fill our drinks.
