5	Got a dog?  Want it trained right?  Interested in agility training for your furry friend...then you need to visit Zoom Room.  This place is very professional and very clean considering all of the little fur balls that frequent this establishment. If you're looking for something different to do with man's best friend then check this place out!
2	I walked in to get information.  The only worker there was a trainer that told me he was finishing up a private lesson and would be right with me. After 15 minutes of walking around looking  at their displays and not finding any infomation on their services and the trainer not acknowledging I was still waiting..I left.  I understand he was in a private lesson.  However, he should have given me a timeframe  or at least asked what I needed.  If you only have one person working in the store, you have to come up with a better system or have information that someone can take with them.
5	I got Bailey as a rescue last September and she had some anxiety issues and was considered a shy dog.   With the right training, Julene and team helped Bailey come out of her shell and we are now in Therapy Dog training.  Such a variety of classes, more than the basic obedience.  thank you!
5	My spazzamatic mutt has been a handful since she became my dog several years ago. I've met with various trainers over the years and read as much as possible about dog training but have never really been able to teach her how she needs to behave in certain situations. It's been frustrating for both of us and even the other dog in the house, Angel Dog, would roll her eyes at Spazz's antics. I don't recall how I found Zoom Room but when checking them out on Yelp I saw they had a Yelp deal and decided to give them a shot.  I enrolled in the leash walking class. Honestly, for a 3 session class my hopes weren't that high.  I was wrong. Julene has been our teacher for the leash walking class. She is patient and has a knack for explaining what to do so I understand. They use only positive reinforcement methods and make it fun for both the dogs and owners.  You of course need to practice at home but I'm amazed at how quickly I have seen improvement.  I really feel much more in control and Ms. Spazz seems more relaxed and happy.  I've even tried a few of the methods with Angel Dog and it's improving her behavior also. I couldn't be happier I decided to check Zoom Room out. We'll definitely be signing up for another class. The only negative is their location. Coming from the uptown area it's horrible to try to make at 6:30 on a workday. However, it's clearly a plus for many people if you live in that area.  And, if I'm willing to drive from Plaza-Midwood out to this area, it's only for something really good!
4	After adopting Carter in October, we realized that, despite our best (most diligent) efforts, we would need some training ourselves on how to help him through some of his unexplainable fears. Carter's biggest challenges include passing buses, trucks, runners, and cyclists; he also tends to whine/playfully bark at nearby dogs. When we first met Julene during our evaluation, we were immediately struck by how well she knew dogs and how much time she spent trying to make sure she better understood our dog. When we began "Shy Dog" class, we were a bit nervous because Carter seemed so much more energetic (read: untamed) than his fellow classmates, but we quickly realized that his fears were similar, his reactions just more vocal and obvious. By the end of the 6-week course, Carter (and we as his owners) had definitely made some great progress and we owe the training, skills, and routine to Zoom Room. We definitely plan to return for an agility class in the near future!
2	This place is tiny, dark, smells like an old gym, and they will nickel and dime you.  If you need dog training, call superdog or one of the other dog training places that meet you at a park since it's basic clicker training.  The training is standard but paying ot be outside will get you, well outside where it's nice, open, and not riddled with more smells than a petsmart and condo gym crammed into something the size of a subway.  Plus you would be able to have more room to practice off leash techniques.  If you want the agility part and own a house - just buy the stuff online and go in your back yard.  Desk staff is too uptight and needs to relax so the experience is fun - not create a tense environment for dogs that want to use it as a play session mixed with owner bonding.  It just seemed they want to nickel and dime you for a lack-luster facility...petsmart has a bigger private area then them, it was just very disappointing place.
5	We love the Zoom Room!  Our dog, Camo, considers the Zoom Room her second home.  The training is so much fun for the dog and the owner.   We've been through other training, but Julene and her staff is by far the best we've encountered. You get to see so many different dogs in action and meet great people, while training in a clean, well equipped facility.   Whether you're trying to bond and train a rescued mixed breed or a show dog, this is the place to go!
5	I'm a huge fan of the Zoom room.  When I unexpectedly adopted a pup in April, I wanted to get him into training immediately.  I was overwhelmed when researching the variety of options in the area for dog training.  I chose Zoom for two reasons:  1.) My pup's foster mom recommended them; and, 2.) Their approach to obedience seemed to best match my own temperament. They rely on positive reinforcement and this seemed the most likely path to a good relationship with my dog.  The clicker has been a very successful communication tool between us!I use the unlimited monthly passes so that we can participate in a variety of classes in any particular week:  obedience, agility and tricks.  I also signed him up for a scent workshop which is an additional cost.  He's a smart dog and needs to be kept active and challenged.  Zoom has given me a lot of tools to rely on to meet his needs.Although he is smart, he is also willful and I've had to take a few additional private lesson to work on loose leash walking.  Our walks are tug-free 90% of the time, but my guy is going to be a BIG dog so that 10% poses a risk to me. (Plus, I hate yanking on him and worry I'll hurt his throat.)  When he pulls, he pulls hard and one day will be stronger than I am!  So I've been working with the trainers Julene and Shawna to improve our walk time.I know there are other options out there that may achieve faster results.  However, my pup & his brother were in 4 foster homes before I adopted him and I can't imagine leaving him -- with zero contact from me --  for a minimum of 3 weeks for training boot camp, as many recommend, or using the e-collar.  He's a good boy and learns fast so I'm sticking to the positive-reinforcement method for now!  He comes almost everywhere with me.  He sits quietly at restaurants while we eat, plays well with other dogs, accompanies me on very long walks of up to 5 miles without chasing squirrels or other dogs, and helps with shopping at the farmers market or Lowes.  The best part is that I know he will only become more reliable a companion as he ages (esp. once he is out of his teenager phase!!)
5	Last year our family adopted a sweet, smart, somewhat shy and anxious rescue dog.  I read that agility training can be good for a shy dog and decided to try that with her to see if it would help.  She was also not great at walking on a leash, and I wanted to find a class to help with that.  I searched online and found good reviews for the Zoom Room, so I decided to give it a try.  I'm very glad I did.First I met with Julene for the evaluation and was impressed with how carefully she worked with my dog--and pleased that my at-home teaching let her skip Obedience 1 and go right to Obedience 2.  As I looked through the list of classes I realized that I wanted to try a lot of them, and that they fit well with my work schedule.  I ended up signing up for a package of unlimited classes for a month.  Over the last few weeks my dog and I have gone to many Agility I, Obedience 2 and Tricks classes, and every one offered a lot of valuable information.  It has been wonderful to see her blossom in the classes.  At first she was scared to go into the Zoom Room and spent much of class time worrying about everything that was going on around her.  Now she walks in happily, trusts the instructors, and is clearly much more relaxed.  I've learned a great deal about how to work with her too, so she is better at sit-stay and down-stay, coming when called and walking on a loose leash, as well as working the obstacles in Agility class.  The staff is wonderful.  Everyone who works there knows my dog's name and goes out of their way to give her reassurance and care when we come in.  When my month of unlimited classes is up, I will be signing up for another set.
5	Zoom room is a fantastic place to take your dog and learn how to properly train them. I can't recommend them highly enough. The staff is super friendly and highly knowledgeable.
