5	I love this store!!! Thought it was going to be a bunch of remote control cars, model trains, and what not (which also would've been cool) but it was arts and crafts galore! They have a vast selection of just about everything you need to complete your little projects. There's a ton of holiday decorations already out, aisles of scrapbook supplies, baking goodies, as well as jewelry stuff, art supplies, framing, fabrics, even home decor. Prices are actually pretty reasonable too from what I noticed of the stuff I was interested in. You just have to sift for the deals. Sign up for their email subscription to receive your weekly coupon for a little extra savings.
1	Not so hot.  I don't see why everyone thinks HL is so great.  They don't carry anything you can't get somewhere else, and their prices aren't really any better.  1) The cash registers don't have anything itemized, so you can't refer back if you need it; the cashiers have no idea what's on sale.  (I went twice and both times my purchase was rung up incorrect; I not only had to tell the cashier the items were on sale, but she asked the MANAGER if she could give it to me at the SALE PRICE!!!!  (Point:  I bought ribbon, which was 1/2 price in the ENTIRE STORE - ALL RIBBON - and she not only wanted to know what department, but asked the manager if she could sell it to me at sale price.  ALL ribbon on sale, who cares what department, especially since their cash registers don't note that fact anyway).  She didn't know the price of anything on sale; several items rang up at full price and I had to keep telling her it was on sale.  2) The fabric department is TINY, not even worth driving there for, and the two women working there were arguing with each other and couldn't figure out how to measure fabric correctly, so I just left without buying anything in that department.  3) Most of their items you can get at Michael's or Joann's, and the employees at the other two stores are so much nicer and helpful AND THEY KNOW WHAT'S ON SALE.  4) HL doesn't take competitor's coupons, as do the other stores.  5) They're not open on Sundays.  A lot of people shop on Sundays because Saturdays are usually busy with the kids' games, etc.; and this is the only day to shop.  There are enough craft stores in Las Vegas that are open on Sunday to where I don't need to go out of my way to shop here.  6) But the big thing is the "nice" sign on the door which states that they have the right to 'check your items (as in purse) any time they want, and can check your vehicle', and if you tell them no, they can escort you from the premises/  Really?  Check my vehicle?  I don't think so.  As for escorting people from the premises, they can only escort you as far as the front door,  since they are in a strip mall.  I am not shopping at a store that automatically assumes everyone who comes in the door is a criminal.
3	Pretty fun place to visit.  Lots of arts & craft stuff and decorations.  Prices weren't too different from Micheal's.  Pretty good selection of toy kits and things of that nature.  Some of the employees acted like they were not happy to be there or just dead inside.  No matter, we got what we needed for a good price.
2	This place has everything except good customer service.I went in on a Saturday with my son to get some stuff for a school project, and I don't know if they were busier than normal or just understaffed, but this place had some of the worst customer service I've had in a while. The clerk that came to get some items out of a locked case couldn't spare a moment to answer my questions, and the cashier was distracted and just sort of, "Oh, that's nice." when I tried to make small talk. The prices were insane, especially for the level of service we received.Doesn't matter that they're closer to my house, the service is definitely not worth it. :(
5	You want a silk flower that's a unique color, a bead or jewel for that one of a kind piece for the project you're working on, this place has it. Square footage, hands down biggest craft store in the Valley, but it's not just crafts, if you're into stamp collecting or frogs, something girly and pink, they got it. There is more to this store than just crafts, the holidays are approaching and they have everything to trim your tree, decorate your yard, or simply send cards. This weekend we found most of the items at 50% off. I love it! I wish is was closer to my side of town, but there's hope, maybe? If you love crafting, check this place for sure!
3	Hobby Lobby isn't what I was expecting. The name makes me thinks of radio control cars, model airplanes and things of that nature. Hobby Lobby is actually an arts and crafts store, much like Micheal's which is a block away... I decided to stop in while finishing up some Christmas shopping...  And I wasn't that impressed. Prices were pretty low on a lot of the decorative and seasonal items but the quality seemed to be lacking. I'd rather pay a little more for something that didn't look and feel like it was going to fall apart.If Micheal's didn't exist, I could see myself shopping at Hobby Lobby fairly often. But it does. And it's just a block away.... AND it is open on Sundays, Hobby Lobby is not.
4	Hobby lobby is to crafters what crack is to junkies! Once your in, your in. There is no turning back. This place is crazy! I am not going to lie. I have spent upward of 4 hours in here. There is just sooo much to see here. They have everything from scrapbooking materials, to fabric, to seasonal decorations to mobiles. The have things to decorate your house, your yard, your birthday cakes. Everything! It is a crafters dream! I am not even that crafty but I feel like I am when I am here. This is my favorite craft store as of now. After doing all my crafts at Hobby Lobby I usually feel a little Hobby Wobbly. (You know, cause I did so many crafts..lol)
5	Did I live before this moment? Was the sun shining as brightly before I knew you? You had me at hello. You complete me.You are what I never knew I always wanted. Honestly, I have never loved a store so much in my life. The first time I came here, I had a fully packed day and just wanted to browse. IMPOSSIBLE!! I ended up leaving three separate times to fulfill my obligations and returning each time I completed them. Collectively I think I spent about 5 hours here..but there is just so much to look at!!! They don't have deep selection, but more shallow inventory in every facet of crafting. I sew, I scrapbook, I paint, Holy shit what is this? OK well, now I also make candles, wait what?? OK now I also do woodworking, oh my gosh! look at this! look at that! Flowers,wedding stuff, dollhouse making stuff, which by the way is impossible to find in Vegas anymore as most places discontinued the products..Yes I am a nerd, but my sponsor suggested I find a hobby. Kidding. i think I need a damn sponsor for my addiction to this place tho... but if loving Hobby Lobby is wrong, I don't wanna be right!
4	The wife and I have been long time fans of Hobby Lobby. Both states we lived in prior to Nevada had multiple locations of this "craft superstore". I found out that Henderson was home to a new Hobby Lobby on Thursday. I immediately texted my wife, and the reply was all caps and full of excitement and expletives. We went on a Saturday and it was packed to the gills. The location used to be a Von's, but you would never know it. The store is very large, much larger than Michael's or JoAnn's. The prices are also much lower than the nearest two competitors. I like Hobby Lobby because beyond the traditional arts and crafts supplies, they also have a small selection of furniture, lighting, and other decorative items that are similar to what you may find at Cost Plus or Pier 1 Imports.  We had no complaints about this store. We found it to be on par with any other Hobby Lobby we've visited. We will definitely be back.Note that they are not open on Sunday.
4	I love Hobby Lobby! They always have great sales and all kinds of treasures! I just wish they would lay off the Jesus propaganda, it's a bit much oh and the courtesy clerks take forever. I think it's due to the out dated register's. Other than that it's a 'fun' place to get lost in.
4	Major fun. Went there first thing Saturday and spent two hours going up and down the aisles. Great selection and superb service. Only down side was the overwhelming amount of finished pottery work... Is decorating shelves a new hobby?
5	Love crafting, it seems all the craft stores these days are offering coupons, and Hobby Lobby is no exception. You can go to the web site: www.hobbylobby.com and you can down load a coupon and find out what in-store specials they are offering, you can make your list before you get there. I love to walk every isle and even if I've made a list, I'll still take my time to look, never know what you might find that never made it on the list! Store is always packed, be prepared to stand in line at the check out. But they always have four or more at the register so it goes fast.
4	Love this store! it is a treat to go to Henderson but then again I wish I didnt have too... then need one in NLV!!! lol The deals are amazing and well I do cakes on the side and they have alot more to offer then other cake supply places.
1	What's worse than having the gift you gave your husband for his birthday break while putting it together for the first time before getting to play with it?You guessed it.....Taking that defective product back to Hobby Lobby just to discover that they don't give refunds for defective products!!! Sure, they have some fun stuff, but if it's a bad product and you can't return it, what's the point?"We only only allow returns for items in good, salable condition,"  the manager retorted with a plastered on smirk. It's unfortunate that the  manager's clenched fists cost his backwards company a lot money (WAY more than the cost of a defective toy.)  I will be shopping elsewhere for all of my overpriced decorative items and hobby needs from now on. :)
4	Went today and I always enjoy it! I love their clearance rack where I got a huge planter for 12 dollars normally 39! Can't beat that! I always find something here and the workers were really friendly too!
2	Mislead and disappointed. My expectation was that of a large "traditional" hobby store that carried models, radio control equipment, trains, etc. Hobby Lobby is a large JoAnns and Michaels put together with  the "traditional" portion only one small aisle in size. Big disappointment for me.
4	The pros: You can use coupons found on your smartphone. There are lots of discounts in the store. Very large amount of craft supplies, mirrors, home decorations, seasonal decorations and silk flowers. Chech out girls are nice and knowledgable.The cons: the items fluctuate when on sale, so this week it might be 40% off and next week regular price. The items that are on sale go fast. There is no time to think "well maybe next week" they are closed on Sunday. Old fashion check registers. I usually go and get cute decorations for each holiday. Love it.
4	This place has a little of everything. I don't like that their ads are like microscopic in the paper but they have lots of stuff including things for making onesies and hairbows which I have not seen anywhere else!(Does that give you insight into the current status of my life..hee!)Their prices are fair and it seems that tons of stuff is on sale! They also have the same knobs for dressers, etc that Anthro has for wayyy cheaper!I love DIY that is why I have a craft blog:)
4	This place has everything you can think of for hobby endeavors. It is a huge store and I never knew it existed. I always tend to go to Michael's and Joann's for certain things related to crafting and so on, but this place was pretty neat as well. It was super busy when we went on a Sat. and hard to get around, but still, it has cheap great things! Always look for the sales though, because some things can be much more worth it when they are on sale!
4	I've only been here a few times, and each time it was a good experience. They have a  huge selection of items to choose from, more so I would say compared to some of the Michael's that I've been to or any other hobby/craft store in town.The location is a bit far out from where I live, but it's worth the drive. Would be so much better if there was a closer one near by ;) *wink wink*I'm able to find things such as the 16x28MM Glass Bottle w/Cork 2pc set and a wide variety of wood items and mini house decorations at Hobby Lobby only and not at Michael's or Joann's, which in my case is a definite plus because I like to busy myself with miniature projects :)The prices are decent, especially because they have a lot of sales going on most of the time. And the staff is very helpful and can almost always point me in the right direction when I'm looking for a specific thing or if I have any questions about their products. (The store is also very clean and organized every single time I go there!)All in all I think Hobby Lobby is a good place for anyone looking for any hobby/craft materials with a staff that knows what they're doing :)
4	Came here looking for crafty DIY stuff to make decorations for my wedding. I really like Hobby Lobby because they offer a wide variety of things. There are cute already made stuff for those who don't really want to DIY, but then they offer plain old craft stuff too, for those that want to make their own stuff.I scored an amazing black, rustic, metal easel for putting my large chalkboard on for my wedding. Only 20 bucks on sale! They have some rather cute furniture, typically on sale all the time.The only thing I would say not to come here for is fabrics. They have a very meager section of fabrics and ribbons. Go to Joanns, much better selection!
4	I'm not really crafty in the sense that I have any viable skills when it comes to sewing, scrapbooking or decorating. I'm crafty. Like the Beastie Boys song. Not like Martha Stewart.I'm hosting a wedding shower on a budget so have frequented Hobby Lobby a bit over the past couple of the months and of all the craft stores in town, I think I like this one best. They have a pretty wide selection of everything (except I think I prefer Jo-Ann's ribbon section) and the staff is more helpful than other stores.They had a pretty killer sale recently-literally 40-50% off half of the store. I scored big on scrapbook paper and decorative paper punches (even as I type this, I ask who am I?!) and I'm positive this one of their blowout sales that regulars look forward to because the place was packed. However, nothing was in disarray-they do a good job of keeping everything tidy which is hard to do in a craft store.What makes Hobby Lobby a little different is their home decor section-pillows, lamps, decorative mirrors, candles, figurines (some creepy like ones you'd see in a great aunt's house, others not so much), and generic artwork that doesn't look so generic if you put it in the right space in your house. This section gives them an edge over other craft stores.I can't say I'll be back regularly after I'm done planning this wedding shower, but I'll probably think of Hobby Lobby first when it comes to my craft needs.
4	I'm  a huge fan of this store. It has crafts, fabrics and decor items, great selection of items! This store is always clean and the folks that work there are always helpful! Their sales can be decent and I wish at times that they offered some better coupons. This is a good place to start even for a hobbyist crafter because they have a little bit of everything. I really love their blank t-shirt and onesie selection, the prices are decent as well for a plain colored item. I'm a huge fan of their holiday selections, the christmas section is huge and has just about everything from crafty goods to decor items and more. Only downside is that there is only one of these in all of the Las Vegas area. So it's a bit of a trek for me. Thankfully there is also a Michael's and Joann fabrics in the same area so I generally will take advantage and hit all 3 stores at once.
4	Wha!?!?! I rarely come to this side of town so I didn't even know this Hobby Lobby existed till just now! I love Hobby Lobby and I'm glad they are in Vegas and we now have an alternative to Michael's.Tons of stuff, pretty decent prices, coupons like Michael's and good selection. Come by each season their holiday and seasonal section is huge.Even better...I just went on Yelp and found out there is a location by me on the west side of town...SCORE! I need to get out more...How long has that been open??! LOL.
5	I came into hobby lobby in somewhat of a hurry. Upon entering why I thought was the section I needed to be in. I couldn't find the specific type of box I needed for a gift for my GF. Dustin helped me not only by directing me to where I needed to be, but also suggested something better than I had in mind. I was in and out in a hurry, with a great gift in hand. Thanks Dustin!
2	Oh boy what is there I can't say about Hobby Lobby? I've been to the store in the last 6 months many, many times because I have been planning my wedding, which happened on Sept. 1st. I diy'd quite a few of my decorations, which is why so many trips to Hobby Lobby were necessary.As far as the store goes, it's decent. I decided I would rent a wedding arch from HL. The woman in the flowers/bridal department was VERY helpful at the time I rented the arch. I paid $5 extra to have ivy put on it. I noted that my mother would pick it up on the day of the wedding.About a week and a half before the wedding myself, mother, and my fiance went to HL to find out if it would be okay for my fiance to pick up the arch instead. The employees insisted it would be fine as long as he had the reciept, so we left satisfied.So comes my wedding day and my.fiance comes back with an undecorated arch. I was, well, a very pissed off bride. Apparently they told my fiance (now husband) since he was putting the arch in the back of his truck and it would have to be taken in pieces, the ivy couldn't be on it. Well, they never told me that, especially when I specifically said we would be picking it up with his truck. On top of that, they didn't bother giving my fiance a refund for it not being decorated, but just gave him the ivy so WE could decorate it ourselves!Next - they weren't even going to let my fiance take the arch! The manager that day originally told him, "No. You can't take it because you're not Judy Benoit (my mother)" Even though we had gone out of out way earlier in the week to ensure it would be okay for him to pick it up. Obviously there is a lack of communicatoon between store managers and employees. And I get the fact they have rules for a reason, but get everyone on the same damn boat about it please.Without the arch fiasco my rating would be higher. But come on, to screw up like that? 2 star rating deserved.
1	Oh Hobby Lobby... how I hate thee..... Let me count the ways..... How is this company even in business? I don't get it?First off, let me say that I LOVED Hobby Lobby! Borderline obsessed, my husband would say. I would visit this particular store AT LEAST 3x times per week. I run 2 Etsy shops, I paint... I am in need of supplies OFTEN!!Considering just how often I'd stop in and how many times I'd encounter the same people over and over- I got treated no differently. No "hello"'s No "hey, how you been?" No small talk of "Whatcha workin' on today?" No. Nothing. Its completely abnormal. Apparently basic human kindness and respect is not one of the Christian values you need to work in this store. In my 18 straight months of *constant* repeat business I have been greeted by an employee ONCE. One time!! That's truly pathetic. It was an older gentleman out on the floor and when he actually acknowledged my presence, I do believe I was too shocked to even respond! I just looked back at him with grateful eyes. "Who? Me?" I could be standing next to the store's manager (this is a true story) while she unpacks various Christmas knick knacks and she won't even bother to look up. sidenote/ Seriously?? That's Retail 101!Hobby Lobby employees are notorious for being rude little twits. It's to the point where the lack of customer service is actually offensive. Look for yourself on their Facebook page. Complaint after complaint about rudeness, blatant discrimination, and cashiers who can't even muster up a sincere hello. I don't shop here anymore. I avoid this place completely. Aside from the poor people skills,.... the lines are always too long. All the employees are out on the floor (ignoring you), stocking, preparing for closing 3 hours too early and totally getting in my way.... and yet, there are some aisles that are still NEVER re-stocked. I waited MONTHS to see a bigger selection of chains in jewelry. The store closes at 8pm and they're closed on Sundays, which is inconvenient enough, so why can't they spend an hour stocking AFTER closing? When you have a cart full of items parked in the middle of the aisle and you're ignoring the fact that there are people around you, it makes it pretty difficult for the customers to get what they came for. If I can help it, I would rather spend more at JoAnn's or Michael's than return here.
5	I love Hobby Lobby. WARNING: you can easily spend hours inside this store so I don't recommend bringing your husbands or boyfriends. Great selection & prices are awesome. Between here, Kirklands, & Pier 1 I received tons of compliments on my interior decorating skills :)
4	This Hobby Lobby is the original location to open in the Las Vegas Valley and it's not quite as large as the newer 2nd store that opened on the West side. But for your Arts & Crafts needs, fabrics, craft paint, limited airbrush supplies, and especially holiday decorations this should be on anyone's list of places to check out. If you have an iPhone download their app, it has a built in 40% coupon good for any one item in the store with a few exceptions. Don't have an iPhone? Their website has a 40% coupon you can print out and bring with you. That coupon has helped with buying airbrush supplies and so many other things that I want to kick myself if I forget it. Service at any Hobby Lobby is like a crapshoot, you never know what you're going to find. This is one of their brighter, less dingy, less overly cluttered stores. If you are into buying American, you will hate this store. If you ever shopped at TG&Y back East when they were still around you'll likely like this store. If you like to see a store sneak in all sorts of Christian merchandise to sell alongside secular items this is your place, especially for the holidays. If you want cheap artificial Giftmas trees you clip that coupon and come here. On and on I ramble but you get my point by now...if not you might want to find another Yelper's reviews to read...4 Stars because my feet and my wallet keep coming back time and time again.
3	Hobby Lobby has everything you could need to decorate your house or create pieces to furnish one's house. Walking through the aisles, it seemed like everything was 50% off. Right now all of the Christmas items were on discount. Is this a new trend sell everything at a discounted price a month before the holiday? If so I can be down with that because most of this stuff is expensive once you add it all up. Hobby Lobby is a good mix of do it yourself and already assembled goods. As my craft skills are not always the strongest, it is nice to be able to get what I need and call it a day.
4	I wish there was more than one Hobby Lobby location across Vegas, but I guess this one will do. I've only been here a handful of times and its definitely worth the drive. Good thing I have self control, otherwise I'd spend soooo much at this store. Every time I walk through here, I want to buy just about everything in sight! lol, I'm in the process of redecorating and repainting my house, so i'll be making a few trips here in the next couple of weeks!
4	They always have exactly what I need to make the little D&D worlds I create for my children more realistic.
5	This place is amazing.  The store was clean and the staff was super friendly.  There is not one other place I would go to have anything framed.  The quality is great and the cost is a fraction of what it would be at Michael's.
4	Hobby Lobby has everything you can possibly want....and if they don't, the staff is friendly enough to point you in the right direction.  I'm usually not a fan of corporate businesses, but sometimes a "one stop shop" is needed.
1	Stood around for twenty minutes in the marker section while nobody even tried to assist me. One guy who was helping someone frame something started to help another person before me so I just left. Seem like they have a lot of stuff but go there knowing what you want as my trip was a was of my gas and time.Ended up going to desert art supply and was very happy with the service and recommend them instead.
5	addicted to this place! i recently fell in love when looking for glass beads to make bracelets for EDC and realized they have SO much in this store. anything you could ever need for making your own home decor/jewlery/etc! if you havent been i suggest you stop by
4	Hobby Lobby is THEEEEEE best store for knick knacks that has ever opened in the Vegas valley! I'm SO happy they made it our way. I'm not a huge crafter (occasionally I'll pick up some stickers or scrapbook paper) so mostly I shop here for all the other little goodies they offer :)I'd say 80% of my house, less the furniture, is decorated in Hobby Lobby decor. I love all their themed aisles (i.e. movies, cars, hunting, shabby chic, etc.) it makes it easier to shop and visualize how you might want to set your room up. Their kids aisle is soooooo dang cute. I recently re-did my daughter's room in brown & neon colors and found everything I needed there. In addition they have floral, wedding, picture frames, and crafting aisles...plus more. There's seriously too much to list!My biggest tip is check the online Hobby Lobby website and print out their coupon before you go. It's good for 40% off any one, non-sale item. You can also pull it up from their mobile site on your smart phone and they can scan the barcode directly from there. They run tons of 50% off sales throughout the store but this coupon works perfect if you find an item that's not on sale and still want to save a little money. P.S. they are closed on Sunday for "family day".Besides all that, I only have two gripes - 1.) most of their items get shipped here on big boats from China...a lot of the items get damaged in transit and that's why they are so cheap. NOTE: If your heart is set on an item, and it's a tad damaged, ask for a discount. It'll be final sale but you'll save money and you can fix it yourself. Example - I bought a picture for my daughter that was in a white frame and the edge of the frame was dinged. I got a discount on it and then fixed the ding with white out. Can't even tell!2.) The lines are so long. They have ample cashier space, it just seems they are missing the cashiers. I only go here when I know I have a couple of hours to burn.
1	SO not only are they socially inept but they're too stupid for words. I truly believe it must be a requirement to possess zero life skills in order to work here. There's no other way. I came in last Monday because God help me, I had to pick up an item to complete an order I had. I specifically spoke to the girl in charge of that department and let her know what I was looking for. She said AND I QUOTE "That's not in stock because last time I checked we had TWO LEFT and I didn't need to order any more." Uh, 2 to last a week and a half? Fine enough. It's idiotic, but whatever. I'd expect no less.So I let her know that I was looking to purchase that out of stock item and to order it. PLEASE. ORDER. THIS. I even asked again before we left! She told me it would take one week and to come back the following Monday (TODAY) My hubz went to the store and of course, she didn't order it. Why didn't she order it? Because two weeks ago there were 2 in stock. Never mind our encounter last week when I informed her this item was sold out. Never mind THE EMPTY SHELF THAT SHE'S BEEN STARING AT FOR THE PAST SEVEN+ DAYS. *sigh* I can't....
4	This store is huge. I mean big. I could get lost in it.I had no idea where to start and had a hard time finding associates to help me. However, once I did find an associate, he was eager to assist. He didn't get me to exactly what I needed but he got me pretty close and after I looked in the section for a bit I found what I wanted. So in the end, he could have been more helpful but I understand he was trying to assist 3 people at the same time. So maybe they just need more associates on the floor.I originally called Hobby Lobby over the phone. I wasn't sure what I needed but was able to explain to the girl on the phone what I wanted to do and she was able to tell me what they had. I told her I wanted some kind of poster board or paper that was about 4'x6' and use it for a background. She told me they carried photo backdrops in that size and also told me about butcher paper. She gave me alternatives to make it budget friendly and I must say she provided a great customer service experience. I called other craft stores and did not receive the same experience. I simply got "we don't carry that." and there was no attempt to really service or help me.I will come back to Hobby Lobby. I loved the options of everything from craft supplies to home decor.
1	I always assumed because of the name, that this place was more about models planes and things. I had the hugest crush on it when I found out a couple months ago that it was just a huge craft store that also has a lot of nice home decor stuff. Pricing is a little high, but like apparently all other craft stores, they have an endless supply of 40-50% coupons. I think I'm over my crush due to my first experience trying to return something. So heads up - they won't let you return something if they already have a full inventory on the floor. Supposedly because they have a limited storage area in the back, but I'm really not sure how that's supposed to be my problem. I bought a picture frame from this same store, returned it in the original packaging, with a receipt, and within the return period. And yet this is the BS answer I was told, and the manager backed it up - citing the ridiculous fine print  on their receipt saying they have the right to refuse returns for any reason. That disclaimer usually applies to people trying to return obviously used underwear or a half eaten candy bar, not a perfectly intact picture frame. They may have cute decor stuff, but I won't be back simply due to their stupid return policy. And as far as crafty things go, Michaels and Joann's has a better selection in general anyway.
1	Prices are high, choices are limited, the staff is small. Do not try to call or search for help. Michael's is way better in my opinion.
5	Great store even for guys. They have cool garage signs and stuff. Prices are ok but they put them on sale a lot.
5	Although I don't live in this area, I've been to this location several times, and I can seriously spend all day here.  My crafting obsession of choice is scrapbooking, and their selection is so vast, it's almost overwhelming.  I feel like a kid in a candy store!  You'd think that with all that selection, I'd need to spend my entire vacation fund on my purchases here - but that's not the case!  Their prices are SO reasonable.  They also have frequent 40% off one regular priced item coupons available. If scrapbooking isn't your thing, maybe home decor is.  From seasonal stuff to mirrors and wall art - and everything in between - you'll find it.  Again, so many choices.  The only thing I dislike?  My purchases have to be restricted to what I can bring back on the airplane!!  Luckily, they carry what seems like their entire stock online, so that's a bit of a consolation!
1	This place treats it's employees like slaves. As a former one I can tell you that they don't give a shit about the customers. As far as the "Christian" store thing it's just a way to get religious people to shop at there store and rob them blind!!!
4	This is my crafting paradise. Whether you are decorating, sewing, painting or whatever, this is the best place. It's so clean and neat. I never have a hard time finding what I want. The staff is friendly and they always have great sales here. You can even go online and download coupons.  I prefer this place over Michael's. Their prices and selection are way better.
4	A great craft/home store for everything and anything that you may need to decorate your house or add a little bit of sparkle to your life! Hobby Lobby is a huge store with a lot of selection: they have crafts, stickers, boxes, paint, frames, home items, fabric, fake flowers, beads, etc. You name it, they probably have it. Some tips: Never fail to check the online coupons! Yes, they do have micro glitter! Pricing ranges and depends, but it's generally cheaper than other craft stores.A note: Everything inside the store was organized, but not everything was top quality. For example, some of the wood pieces were too fragile to be used for their purpose and basically just all fell apart. Also, it does take a while for them to ring you up at the register. I felt like I was there forever! If you cannot find what you're looking for, Michaels and Jo-Ann's are very very close by! But, Hobby Lobby, can I just ask...why isn't there one of you closer to me?!?! It's a pretty far drive to all HL locations from North LV. Hobby Lobby is overall a good store; I would check here first to save some bucks & keep your wallet in tip top shape!!!
4	Great customer service and always has everything in stock with a wide variety of options. Only down fall for me is that the check out process takes a long time. Their system that they check out is super slow since it's not a bar code system or the workers are lethargic and not really in a hurry to speed up the lines. I'm definitely going to be bringing my business here.
5	I love hobby lobby! You can find a lot of really cool and unique decor here, if you're hesitant to go because of the name don't worry. They are nothing like Michaels. The first time I went in I was so surprised to see such a great variety of different things. I love it. And the staff is great, too. :-)
5	Love Hobby Lobby! It is a crafters paradise. Some things are pricey but still great on sales. They always have a coupon for 40% off a item which helps, but they always have sales going. The only down fall is that they don't have a discount for military like Michael's does.
5	Great place...just look for the deals...or download the app and use your 40% off coupon. ..best place for home decor and arts and crafts
5	My favorite store ever!!ALWAYS have wonderful sales, even on current season items. There is an online coupon code for 40% off that you can use ONCE A DAY!!Store is always clean, lots of friendly employees around to help you find things. Even if your not a crafter, worth checking out. They have decor and everything for such good prices. Everything is always unique and stylish!!
1	I'll never go back again -The first time I ever interacted with Hobby Lobby staff was when I was in charge of gathering art related items for a raffle to benefit young art students. I was thinking about a pencil or paintbrush. The person I spoke to said they could not donate anything. I didn't go back in the store for over two years.Last Saturday I was with my sister and she wanted to get a piece of paper saying much material she had purchased and the purchase price so she could get reimbursed for a project. She didn't need a receipt, just something saying how much she spent so she could turn it in at her work. The woman in the cutting area, Rachel, said she didn't know if she could do that so she called her supervisor on the phone. The supervisor called back and said that was an interesting question and she would have to ask the manager. A couple minutes later there was a call back and Rachel told my sister that they couldn't do it because it was against their policy. When we first asked about this, nobody knew what to do - but all of a sudden there was a policy after all. Also it was very rude of the manager not to come back to speak to my sister face to face to see if they could help us. We left totally disgusted and didn't buy anything. I will never go back again. There is nothing at Hobby Lobby that I couldn't get at Michael's or any other art related store. Karen Wheeler
1	After working a 10hr shift in retail taking care of my customers all day with a smile and a pleasant attitude I was looking forward to going to Hobby Lobby, browsing all the amazing products and picking up the 3 items I came in for. I guess I must give off the vibe that I'm stupid because when I asked an employee where something was and i said it wasn't where she said it was , I was told "well if you don't see it then we don't have it. "Now I have always been confused when I go to the checkout. There are never any indication which registers are open. There are usually 2-3 emotes at them but no lights on. So sometimes you go to a register and they really aren't open. Tonight was no exception. There were 3 registers open ( maybe ?) . I went to the middle one behind 2 customers with my 2 items. After I stood there for a minute the clerk told the lady in front of me that after her she was closed, then looked up at me and shrugged a sorry. I work at a register all day. If I'm closing it up and a customer walks up with 2 items I do 1 of 2 things.... I take care of them, the transaction usually takes less than a minute or as they walk up I say " I'm sorry ma'am, I'm odes but they will be happy to help you on register 5" such a simple task one would think. Employees here are never friendly, knowledgeable, or act like they want to help. I left and went to Michaels.
