5	This place is exactly what it is...a smokey slot joint. No food but nice alcohol selection and great staff. I don't smoke or play, but I've been coming here for years as my go-to Friday night after work bar. I find it to be unpretentious and a nice place to unwind.
3	The thing with PT's is that they're all pretty much the same. They don't deviate too much from the standard formula of drinks, food, smoky environment, and mostly-blonde lady-bartenders. This one actually doesn't serve food, which really sucks. I like getting chicken wings with my beers, but these guys send you to the Roberto's next door to get food. That kinda sucks bc Roberto's doesn't equal wings/burgers/bar food. The drinks here are ok, though nothing to get excited about. I'll prob return here, but mostly bc it's close to people's houses.
3	Good place to enjoy a beer and play pool. the location in Lake mead and rampart does not have a full kitchen open so if you are hungry you have to order from Roberto Tacos which is next door- A bit  inconvenient.
4	This place is a solid bar-staple in Las Vegas.  My understanding is that there are 54 locations in town, all of them 24 hours with happy hour from 4-7p.m. and again from midnight till 3.    Happy hour equals half-off ALL drinks and giant pizzas with your choice of toppings.  The bartenders are usually friendly and efficient.  It's always smoky---yes they could use more ventilation, but so could every bar.  Pool tables, a few arcade games, megatouch, and of course video poker, ensure that something can always keep your fingers busy at PT's.
5	We live right around the corner.  The bartender Chris was awesome.  He was always there but never intrusive.  We will be back.  I've been to many PTs and this guy on rampart is the best!
5	I love this bar! Such a fun atmosphere and the bartender Toni is nothing short of amazing!! I will definitely be back for more of her delicious bloody Mary's and great company!!
3	Fun little local bar for a quick drink or night cap. They have a lot of video poker machines and pool tables. They also serve Roberto's food when it's open.
