4	It's tough to describe this place as a mom and pop shop, though they do have that feel.  I think it's because it is more of a counter, and you really have to jam yourself into the storefront just to get at the ice cream.  I'm not sure what they have behind the counter, but whatever it is, it's big.  I imagine that it's just a monster cooler filled with row upon row of ice cream.In the coolers themselves, the flavors are relatively standard, and the staff is friendly.  Cross the small parking lot - if you dare - and there are a couple of picnic tables with umbrellas where you can sit and soak up the fumes of the lot or the busy crossroads at Lawyers and 51.Unless you are just jonesing for a monster treat, make sure you ask for a small, because even their regular is pretty huge - and has a decent price tag associated with it.
4	This family owned business touts their homemade ice cream in a multitude of flavors.  I'm working my way through them this summer but will most likely have to resume this habit next Spring as they close for the winter (don't know exactly when??).The ice cream is very good.The service is very good. Warning:  We did show up 10 minutes before closing one night only to find the owner had already covered all the display cases and she seemed more than a little perturbed that she had to uncover two of them to serve us.  So... maybe your not supposed to go at the last minute???
5	Yum. Ice cream made on premesis in a mind-boggling array of flavors. Home made waffle cones too. Outside seating on the main square in Mint Hill. Beats any chain hands-down.
4	Ice Cream - Very friendly Staff - I had never heard of this place, though when I walked in it felt VERY Familiar: the Flavors and look of the Ice Cream made me say "are you related to Elizabeth Creamery"?  The guy working here said the Man who owns Elizabeth Creamery was the former owner of this place!I could smell the House-made Waffle Cones when I walked in!  Even though I just had a large dinner I knew I was getting Dessert here (before I found the restaurant where I ate Dinner I knew I'd be here right after)! This was my first visit - I had Lime Sherbet on top of Cappuccino Fudge Royal (may not have been the exact name) in a Waffle cone!  I was good, next time I will get Grape Sherbet and compare it to Elizabeth Creamery!This is a Take Out only!  The is a wooden "Picnic Table" next to the Parking Lot!
4	It's been a few years since I'd last visited Carolina Creamery. I took the wife tonight for a little dessert and it hasn't changed a bit. Still freakin AWESOME! Just a small little place in the heart of Mint Hill. I got the Mint Oreo and my wife splurged w/ a homemade waffle cone and scoop of black cherry and a scoop of butter pecan. I had to help finish that off. They have good portion sizes. The service is friendly too. No indoor seating but they do have a 4 or 5 picnic tables outside to relax and enjoy the treats. I'll look forward to visiting again during the summer.
3	As soon as you walk into this place, you will smell the fresh waffle cones and smile. Good first impressions, right?Fortunately, your second impression will be good as well, since the ice cream is pretty dang tasty. It's in all the standard flavors with a few more exotic options, such as red bean, also available. Every flavor I've tried has been soft, creamy, and delicious. So why only three stars you ask? Well, this is the first time I've done this, but they've got a really dumb operating schedule: they're closed on Sundays. Sunday is usually the day I want ice cream, and I would imagine that's true for most. Even if I want ice cream on a Tuesday night, I'm probably going to resist it. More than once, I've been sad and disappointed after getting myself hyped up for a cone, only to see that the place is closed. Now, everyone deserves time off, but why not be closed Monday or Tuesday? You know, one of those boring days.
5	Great ice cream + locally owned business
4	Preface: I am not an ice cream fan. I can count on one hand (with counters left over) the number of times in a year I eat ice cream.But damn they make good ice cream. I've had some of the more customary flavors, which have been smooth and delicious. They also have lots of candy bar flavors (Butterfinger, Reese's, etc). But the gem, which is hard to come by, is the red bean ice cream. I love the flavor of red bean in desserts - just load up a waffle cone!As others have said, though, they tend to roll up the sidewalk along with the rest of Mint Hill.  Want ice cream after 9pm? On a Sunday? You'll have to settle with Baskin Robbins across the street.
4	I have passed this corner many a time but really didn't think about stopping until I had some time to kill and a belly that wanted some ice cream.  Well, that's sort of the truth, I was looking for a cup of joe instead - which this place has!  But I decided on the ice cream since it looked so good when I walked in.The Carolina Creamery's store front is very unassuming.... you may not know it is an ice cream shop unless you jump onto Yelp or just walk in.  There's no dining space, so you just walk in, order and go enjoy the weather outside on the tables across the parking lot, or just enjoy the treat in your car.The flavor that intriged me was a Mint Oreo Cookie flavor.  I happened to be obsessed with Mint chocolate ice cream so this was a nice "twist".  The ice cream was very creamy and had the perfect ice cream to cookie/crumb ratio.No fancy bells and whistles at this place, it just focuses on the ice cream and it definitely is the star of this small place.  I will definitely be frequenting this place a lot more in the summer!
5	"Great People, Great Ice Cream!"Though I am partial to Mint Hill, I find that Carolina Creamery is worth the drive.  One of the few mom and pop ice creameries around, they have a good selection of flavors, nice portions, and excellent ingredients (e.g. they serve whole nuts, cherries, etc).  While they don't serve the best ice cream I've ever had, they are - handily - the best in the area.
5	I love this family-owned ice cream shop! It is on the corner of 51 and Lawyers Rd, right in Mint Hill, and if you don't know about it, you probably pass right by it! Once you know about it, it is hard to pass right by it without thinking of the wonderful smell of the waffle cones, and all of the different flavors of ice cream calling your name. Drop in, and ask the friendly smile behind the counter to try out the different flavors they have like Smurf (a blue, cotton candy flavored ice cream with marshmallows in it) or Mint Oreo Cookie (like mint chocolate chip, but with Oreos). If you are not feeling brave, just go with one of your favorites like Oreo and Cream (my personal favorite). You must get it in a waffle cone, the smell makes it too hard to pass up a fresh waffle cone. After you have paid, you get to go outside and enjoy some of the best ice cream you've ever had!The only thing that is disappointing is since they are a family-owned joint; they can close whenever, like on a Sunday. There have been times when I've psyched myself up for some Carolina Creamery only to get there and they are closed. However, if you are in the area it is totally worth stopping by, seeing if they are open, and having some this ice cream!
5	I have a soft spot for little mom and pop places, but this was a combo attack on me seeing as it is a mom and pop ICE CREAM PARLOR! All of the ice cream are homemade weekly (apparently that's how often they run out)! There are so many different flavors to choose, from your traditional vanilla to a little edgy rocky road to something different green tea to SMURF flavor ice cream! It's exactly what I would imagine a smurf in ice cream form would be, blue ice cream with bits of mini marshmallows. Yummm! If you're in the mood for a milkshake, the milkshakes are made to order using their homemade ice cream! Such a simple gesture yet so so perfect! Personally, I'm a year round ice cream addict so you'll spot me shivering out of here with a waffle cone filled with green tea ice cream.
4	Definitely worth a stop if you're in the area. With homemade ice cream and waffle cones you can't go wrong. We had the mint chocolate Chip and Reese's ice cream along with a waffle bowl and weren't disappointed.
5	My boyfriend introduced me to this place and we've been going there forever. This place has been here for a longggg time and is still at its greatest. The ice creams are made homemade and tastes great. The mom is a sweetheart! I love this place. Everyone should go try it.
3	I have not had yummy homemade creamery in YEARS. It just doesn't seem to exist amongst the slew of chain ice cream joints around. I was really excited to try Carolina Creamery because of all the rave reviews. I tried a couple of flavors and didn't really like any of them. None of the flavors looked appealing to me (which is very odd for a sweet tooth like myself). I got a kid sized fudge ripple. It tasted like blue bell vanilla ice cream with Hershey's syrup mixed in. I could not even finish a kids size. I prefer Baskin and Robbins over Carolina Creamery.
5	Best ice cream ice ever had in my life! Loads of cream n the cookies n cream has a unique swirl of crushed Oreo in every bite! 2 scoops is massive and I tore it up! Must try worth the drive no matter where you are
5	I'm lactose intolerant...so to risk eating ice cream is a huge deal. I always suffer afterwards. When we relocated here, my kids spotted this place as we were headed to Matthews. We stopped in on the way back home. We ordered our one scoop cones and the rest was history.This is the only ice cream I can eat that doesn't get me sick. Why? I have no idea. All I know is that I'm happy to enjoy a cone of the Turtle flavor for dessert once in a great while.Somewhat pricey but understandable as the ice cream is churned in house and ingredients are not easily available, per the owner.I love supporting small businesses like these that hold on to tradition.
