5	I have to say that I'm such a frozen yogurt junkie! Ive been driving by Ice Tango daily waiting for the day they finally open. Well, its finally here.. they opened a few hours ago and there was just about a line out the door. I didn't realize how many fro-yo junkies were out there waiting, hoping and wishing they would open their newest location! Tonight being there first night I have to tip my hat to Dave and family. They have managed to put out as good of a product as they have over at the North Scottsdale location. I had the twangy yogurt topped with Fruity Pebbles and mochi.. you know for me its all about textures and flavors. Something about the sweet tart yogurt up against the crunch of the pebbles and the soft chewiness of the mochi that just gets me going. Ice Tango is truly a delight and I'm just so excited that they are only about a mile or so from the house. You guys just rock my world!
5	Damn! I've been beat to the punch... or to the frozen yogurt I should say! I suppose Alexander C. had an unfair advantage as he lives a block from the new Ice Tango location. ::Jealousy::I have been a big fan of Ice Tango ever since I "hauled by tuchas" all the way to NoSco for a frozen dairy delight. Well, its still a haul, but a much shorter one. And still worth it.David really has found his niche in the community and we can all be thankful that it came in the form of delicious and nutritious probiotics.This Ice Tango is much smaller than the first, but what a great location! When I went, they were still working on getting all of the ingredients for the savory crepes, so I had a lemon berry. Delicious. I also had a sample of the pineapple yogurt. Those flavors were meant to be together. I am salivating at the thought.David strikes again. New locations coming soon...
5	I was trying so damn hard to school these fools around here about PinkBerry/RedMango goodness and then bam- I happen to stumble in on Ice Tango. It was like a force of nature that great day. I was searching for a place to hang before an appt and considered nearby Starbucks. But then, I see this place and ran inside screaming "Are you like Pinkberry!?!" The girls then gave me yummy samples and I was in heaven again. My pic- the regular tangytart with carob chips and strawberries. The next day I hit the north location after a day at the pool. My friend in tow, I turned her on to my discovery and FINALLY another Phx friend knew the pleasure I had been describing.I am thinking about pomegranate with pineapple right about now.Thank you Ice Tango!
5	Obsessed. Like, I've-got-the-Twangy-Tart-withdrawal-shakes level of addiction to this place. Please make one in Arcadia! Pleeeaaassse.
4	I discovered the frozen yogurt craze this summer. It was a beautiful summer, where I lived only a little ways from LA and subsequently, from Yogurt Passion, which, if you ever get the chance to visit, is AMAZING. Thus, when I came to the realization that there were hardly any yogurt places here, I went through a period of depression....until....I did a yelp search and found Ice Tango!!! It was just as I could have possibly imagined anything that I could find in LA!! However, most of my opinions are comparing Ice Tango to the almighty Yogurt Passion...so pardon me if I'm not falling head-over-heels in love with this place.Pros:-best plain yogurt flavor (Twangy tart) I've ever tried. There's this mysterious sweet, somewhat fruity flavor to it that I'm a little obsessed with. I've never been a fan of plain, but I guess now I am.-The peach flavor is also very good too, if you want a flavor recommendation.-All the fruit is fresh and tastes amazing.-If you sign up for their "fan club" online, you get emails with coupons.Cons:-This is damn pricey yogurt. When I went to Yogurt Passion, I could pile up the biggest size cup with maybe 10oz of yogurt and 4 different types of fruit and it would ring up to be around $5. I come here and I can't even get toppings without paying and extra $0.75 for each and even with a cup of just yogurt, it costs more than $5. If they priced the same way as Yogurt Passion (and a ton of other LA yogurt chains) by the ounce, I would've said that Ice Tango was the best yogurt place I've been to in my life. Sadly, my wallet isn't big enough my college-student money on topping-less yogurt on a regular basis.-Passion fruit is gross! Don't get it no matter what you do! It will be the regret of your life, to exaggerate. It tastes...a little muddy. I would say that's a bad thing.- Those new fruitty sparklers? Yeah, I wouldn't recommend them, at least after trying the coconut lime. I'll give them another try in the near future, but until then, it's a thumbs down.
4	I really like this place. The fruit is really fresh and the yogurt is great. I have been to Pink  Berry as well as other similar places in LA and find it better plus the crepes are amazing.
4	Wow my fellow yelpers..."AMAZING!!"???  You guys have been in AZ too long.  Sure, IT got the job done when my sweet tooth was screaming for satisfaction the other night, but "amazing" is reserved for the likes of Oregano's Bazookie, Ted Drew's frozen custard or my grandmothers peach pie.  Ice Tango...for me...not amazing.  Good, yes.  And in a good location.  And clean and the staff was nice.  But when I'm looking for dessert, "twangy tart" simply cant stand up to any kind of chocolate, which they had none of, at least in the frozen yogurt genre.  However, fresh, creative toppings and not TOO overly priced, especially for this McDonald and Scottsdale Rd location...I'll go again when I'm looking for something a little more healthy and a little less amazing.
4	Very fun! A minimalist setting, Jetson chairs, tangerine/papaya colors on the wall, a great display of colorful toppings and cool green spoons for your yogurt. Now for the yogurt - the new trend in yogurt is this tart, plain, healthy yogurt. They have it at Tango. I know it doesn't sound great, but have it a few times and this will be your standard. Tango has a nice assortment of toppings, you need to go with their fresh fruit - blueberries are my favorite - for a refreshing taste. The two gents working last night were friendly, helpful and kick back casual.
4	After trying almost every combination, I found my favorite... Twangy yogurt with pomegranate seeds and the japanese gummy candy. Can't remember what they are called, and if I did, probably couldn't spell it, but yumacious-ness all the way. The candy is almost like a marshmallow meets gummy bear. Not sure there is anything else to compare it to...but don't worry, they'll know what you are talking about. I've been a big fan of this place since they opened. Cute atmosphere, great yogurt that is allegedly low calorie (tastes too good, but it apparently its true!), and they also have have crepes... :) Don't forget to get a punch card, 10th purchase is free which will come in handy when you become addicted.
3	I went there after dinner for a desert crepe. Ordered strawberry banana nutella. It's okay. I wish they had not sweetened the strawberry. It was also quite big, enough to share between 2 people. If I go back, I will make sure I am not full, and have a sweet craving.
3	It tasted like Red Mango... or Pink Berry... or every other froyo place ever created from the hype. Not bad I guess... it's a good alternative.I also tried a crepe. It took forever for them to make. It was like they went out to pick a banana off a banana tree somewhere in the banana fields not before having to fight a monkey for the last banana. But before they finished making my banana and nutella crepe... they decided to clean and disinfect the battle wounds they suffered from fighting off the ferocious monkey, only to realize that the banana they took from the monkey was meant to feed the young monkeys so they felt bad and gave it back. Then they went down the street to safeway and bought a banana.If that really happened... I guess it's acceptable for them to take as long as they did to make me my crepe.
4	I'm with Kelly W -My favorite Ice Tango combo is twangy tart with pomegranate and mochi, but the rest of their fresh fruit and other toppings are always tempting as well. I was really sad when the original Ice Tango location closed a few months back, but luckily, I'm not too far from this Hilton Village location.  We decided stop in for our Ice Tango fix last night with our family friends.  I called ahead to make sure they were open (it was Easter Sunday) and sure enough, they were!  Everyone ordered their favorite combinations and we were one happy bunch.Ready for the even more exciting news?  We learned that their Old Town location will be opening really soon!  And the new location will be self-serve if I understand correctly... exciting, yes - dangerous too... especially when I'm really trying to stay on the wedding diet!
5	LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! Best yogurt place ever! This is what yogurt should be! This greek style frozen yogurt is healthier for you, and just as affordable as that sugar loaded junk TCBY feeds you!The staff is a little young and customer service is not their thing, but the yogurt is worth the lack of smiles in the place!
3	Custards and yogurt.This is located in a nice plaza in scottsdale, cute little posh store. I had strawberry yogurt... recommended by the clerk after having tried several flavors... and indeed it was delicious.I really liked everything except the PRICE!!I got two small yogurts, one with a topping, and it cost $7.40!!!!I would have been fine with it but the amount of yogurt I got was not that much.personally, I'd rather have gone to the super market and buy Breyers brand icecream and have a ton more left over to fulfill my sweet tooth for the week.Don't think I'll be back, unless I'm invited to go.It is, however, in the same plaza that Houstons, blue wasabi, humble pie, and other great restaruants are soo if you're on a date... this would probably be a cheaper yummier dessert.
5	This location closed (Hilton Village) :( Sooo sad because Ice Tango is my favorite!
1	No longer in business at this location, completely empty, so sad :(
