3	This was my second experience at Buffalo Wild Wings. I am not a raving fan, but the place is alright. If you are looking for beer and greasy food; this is the place. They have some great sauces for their wings. They also sport plenty of TVs so you can catch your favorite sporting event.
2	Was there several times for lunch but never really convinced. Today they saw me for the last time. I wanted the Jerk Chicken sandwich with the special sauce: "Now stop snickering, it's really good" says on the menu. But it was an awful mix of tastes (salty-cajun-cinnamon-bluechease) that collided in my mouth..I couldn't down it. They offered to replace it and I ordered another chicken sandwich which came very late (my buddy was done eating long ago) and I had a hard time to find the chicken (takes magnifier glasses to see it in the sandwich) and so I left hungry., grrrrhIn general the place is way overpriced for the food quality they offer. Even the beer is expensive and I assume the place lives from the people that work close buy and don't want to drive to far away.
4	We have large group gatherings here often for sports watching and for wireless/laptop meetings. This place is just ok, but it's close to work, the wait staff is friendly, and all is well. They're even good with my 4 year old running around.
3	Decent selection of beers on tap, including Rogue Dead Guy Ale, there are some late evening happy hour prices on drafts too, if I remember correctly.The surroundings are nice, very spacious.  We had 4 people and ordered 50 wings (grilled) which turned out to be a pretty good deal.  They let us mix and match 4 different sauces too, so that was cool. Friends of mine told me that the wings here sucked, but I enjoyed them.  The service was good, no complaints.Karaoke starts at 10pm Friday nights.
2	ick. i wanted regular bbq wings with regular bbq sauce and they put hot sauce in the bbq. the vinegar  on hot wings gives me a headache so i can only eat bbq. she kept trying to tell me that i wanted them medium heat.. i dunno.. not going there again i dont think.. at least not to eat
5	My favorite place for wings.  Every one of their 15+ or so sauces looks delicious, unfortunately I fell in love with four flavors and just can't bring myself to try anything else!  The WIld is the 2nd hottest sauce they have and isn't a tripe dog dare type of hot, but packs a punch for those of us who love really hot stuff! Honey BBQ is my wife's favorite and my 2nd favorite behind the Hot/Wild.  It is the perfect mix of sweet and bbq and the chicken is always cooked perfectly.The pick up service is always fast and they are always friendly.  I go there to pick up wings before almost every Bears game during the NFL season.  It's the best!
4	Walking in, I could tell this is my type of place. There is a casual atmosphere where you can enjoy hanging out with friends and enjoy some food/drink or watch a game. There are many large and smaller tv's to catch the game. The NFL package is offered here..Tuesday is .40 wing night. You must order in 6's, 6, 12, 18 etc and you can mix/match your sauces.As for the wings, the wings were very good, but not the best I've had. The wings do rank towards the top. There are several flavor selections to choose from starting at the very mild to the very hot.Most other places I've had wings (minus Hooters), the customer was provided a side of ranch, bleu cheese with your wings. At BWW, they charge you for your first dressing. I think you should get one side free and if you want any additional dressings, then you charge. I feel that is more than fair.There is a monthly beer special of 23 oz of beer for $3.25. October is Coors Light as I found out last night. A pretty good price for really 2 beers. What I could tell, there is a decent amount of beers to choose from on tap.Someone at my table ordered fries. I had a few and although they weren't great, they weren't terrible either, just average small cut fries. To me, they reminded me of Dairy Queen fries.The service was very good and the waiter was very attentive to our needs and without asking split the check up for our entire party. A nice touch.I'm sure I'll be back enjoying some wings and a beer or two.
1	Wow, what a disappointment!  First... I'm not a beer/sports nut, so big downside there. I was impressed by their beer selection & prices seemed very reasonable.The wings... you call yourself a wing place and serve up this slop??? It tasted like a bag of wings from the freezer section at Fry's!  Yea, the sauces have an ok variety, but it mostly seems to boost up the male testosterone by how hot you can order.No presentation of food, mediocre service, uninspiring corporate wings... all in all, my impression was some corporate accountant put these places together... not a foodie.  VERY limited bar if you don't go for beer.
5	Hands down the best wings in Arizona. The place gets pretty packed during high profile sporting games, so its a fun environment for people who love the energy.I'm a huge fan of the boneless wings. BBQ Hot and the Caribbean Jerk are my personal faves, but with over 15 types of sauces to choose from, you be the judge
2	I wasn't going to write a review for BW3s since we ended up not dining there the evening we stopped in, but I felt compelled to warn others about special event nights there. We happened to swing by for a birthday gathering when we were informed of the special event night for boxing. The price was going to be $10 a person whether you were watching or not. I get that, and we all understood and then promptly stepped to the side to discuss another place to go.However, I was extremely dumbfounded when a couple walked in with their infant baby...INFANT BABY and were told the total cost for them to watch the event would be $30 ($10/ea). They seriously *charged* for the INFANT BABY!! Ridiculous. Makes me sad because I really heart BW3s most of the time.
2	I so wanted to try a Buffalo Wild Wings but for the longest time, there wasn't one close to where I live.  So...when we were in Mesa last week, we seized the opportunity to try it.I had heard good things about Buffalo Wild Wings thus I was looking forward to trying it.  So, sadly, I must say that I was disappointed.  I ordered the spicy garlic wings but what I got looked and tasted like ordinary buffalo wings.  They had no garlic flavor what so ever.  It's a good thing I only ordered 6 wings!  My husband, who isn't a fan of wings, tried their burger and pronounced it to be *meh*---pretty forgettable.After reading the reviews here, I'm glad we went for an early dinner.  When we went on a weeknight, we were the first dinner customers of the evening.  Service was friendly and prompt.Still...if I hear that my experience wasn't par for the course, I would be willing to try it again, but not in this location!
3	A group of friends and I go for Buzztime trivia and Boneless wings on Thursdays. On Tuesday and Thursdays they have you can say sales on wings. Tuesday if you like bone in Thursday for boneless. One down fall for those days is that if you want ranch or blue cheese it cost extra because the wings are cheap. The other days the sides are included.The choices of different flavors are good as well as the variety of appetizers. They happy hour is excellent with cheap appetizers and four dollar margaritas. You do have to be aware of any sport games that are going on or special events because it can get crowded.Over all good trivia, good food, good drinks.
3	The flavor was good on the sauces but where are the chicken wings? I got wings the size of quail wings and charged like they were!
4	We go to this location on a once-a-month basis. It's clean, fun, and the food is predictably good. There's always a good atmosphere. Having a two year old in this restaurant is definitely NOT a problem. The noise level from the tv's and sports fans drown out any temper tantrum my child's going to throw. I recommend the booths, which are practically sound proof, if you're not planning on watching a game and want to chat with your table. The only reason I'm not giving this location a five is the service. Most of the time, they are fantastic, but there's two problems. I rarely see the same waiter twice, which I think is weird, but also about every other time we've gone there the service has been a 5 out of 10. Things like drinks not getting filled, and considering we're eating hot wings, drinks are pretty crucial. Luckily, this past Wednesday we had a phenomenal server, her name was something like Erin. Can't quite remember. If you can get her as your server, it'll be a great experience.
4	Your typical Buffalo Wild Wings franchise.  TV's are placed well, and no bad seat in the place.  Drink specials most of the time, and they show most UFC and boxing PPV's.
3	Nice enough atmosphere, but poor service on a Friday evening especially since the place wasn't crowded... I guess that should have been a clue !Anyway, the hot wings had a nice bite to them... finally, something flavorful and hot enough...
5	By far the best wings I've ever tasted!!!This was first time I've ever been here and it did not displease. Our waitress was very helpful and let us try out some of the flavors before ordering. We ended up getting the 50 piece with 5 different flavors. I was surprised to find that the salt and vineagar tastes extremely good! Desert heat was my first favorite! The next time we come here I am going to try the Mango Habenero. We didn't get it this time casue my fiance doesn't like spicy things too much. I can't wait to come back and try out some more of these amazing flavors! And the burgers ;-)
1	I attempted to go back to BWW y with my Brother in law who wanted some good wings. We showed up and the location is now closed! WTF? FAIL!!!
5	For quite a few years, before we relocated out of the area, this Buffalo Wild Wings was our hangout spot of choice. We never recieved anything but world class service, the food was always top notch and the atmosphere as a whole was awesome. This was like Cheers to us, everyone knew our name and were always glad we came. I recently returned to the area for a weekend, and was quite broken hearted to see our old hangout spot, one which brought us so many great memories had closed it's doors forever. I won't forget the good times I've had at BWW on Grove Avenue. This place truly started my affair with Buffalo Wild Wings as our restaurant of choosing.
