4	As far as I'm concerned, Filene's Basement is good for two things: cheap dresses and cheap accessories.As a young performer, I need good-looking dresses for frequent auditions -- and I need a couple, so I'm not wearing the same thing every time. The dresses on the second floor usually range from $30-60 and are good for over a year. It can be hard to find a full-length dress that's not reminiscent of a prom dress, but their selection of cocktail-length dresses is ample.As far as accessories go, Filene's tends to have cheap versions of popular trends. If I feel the need to stock my wardrobe with a transient fad, Filene's is the place to go.
4	Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later. I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
5	Love this store!  Don't always have much luck with the sales, but I always find something I like here.  This isn't your average Marshall's or TJ Max.  I think the green dress I'm wearing is from Filene's!
4	This is probably my favorite store in Pittsburgh, for the selection and variety of discounted designer clothing. Other stores carry the same stuff but for much, much more, and it's hard to find all the stuff that the Basement carries in one spot. (Yes, I admit that the 'burgh has some cool stores.) I would do most of my clothes shopping here if I were here more often.
2	Another store which has gone the way of the Dodo bird. Actually there was nothing basement like about it. What will be done with the empty space that is the question?
