4	We've eaten here twice now- once we ordered takeout pizza and once we ate in their dining room. The pizza is very good- cooked in a wood-fired oven and has very fresh ingredients. Pasta and Lasagna were also very good. Garlic bread could use some work and dining room is small, but overall we hope to dine here often in the future.
4	Great local place. Very small dining area, they do a good amount of take-out and delivery. I had lobster ravioli, kids had pizza, wife had chicken. All was very well prepared. Service speed was average, wait staff was very friendly. Definitely recommend. It is very cozy in that you sit close together, but it is not intimate... you have no privacy.
1	I really wanted this new pizza place to be great but we were sorely disappointed.  We ordered pizza and were surprised that the green peppers and mushrooms were canned.  We really prefer fresh veggies.  The crust is a manufactured crust and is not hand tossed.  The last complaint I have is that we tried delivery and the order was messed up when we received it.  I called to only have the manager or owner swearing as he hung up the phone.  Still need a good pizza place in the Windsor/DeForest area.
1	Not good... Gross pizza and very poor service. Its like the goal of the people working there is to make sure no one comes back
3	Second time back. My family loves us, but I am more tentative. The portions are a pretty good value but the food is good but not great. I want a local restaurant, a local business, to succeed and I want them to be great. They do a bustling take out business and so something must be going okay for them but the food doesn't stand out.My daughter only ordered a cheese pizza, but her cheese pizza was probably the highlight of my meal.The staff was young but they were friendly and served us well. I was well satisfied with the wait staff.
1	CRAPTASTIC.Apparently, one-word reviews are FROWNED UPON in this institution, so let me elaborate.  DISCLOSURE: The reviews seemed evenly split between likers and haters, so I came in with an open mind.  I hereby officially declare myself a HATER. Sugar-filled pizza sauce. Underdone (and very bland) crust.  I could go on....but I have better things to do.Slow service never helps either.
5	We had a fantastic pizza half Hawaiian half the works. It was warm and cozy atmosphere super fresh salad and great tasting pizza.
5	Had eggplant strips,  Ravioli w/marinara,  Manicotti.  Young man waiting on us was great. 5 stars for DeForest. I think they may be changing. Not high end 5 star and good value for the location. Staff seems to be hard working.
3	If you live in the Windsor/De Forest area, you have only a handful of choices for delivery pizza: Papino's, Pizza Hut, Pizza Pit and Casey's (gas station). Papino's is by far the best. We've liked every pizza we've ordered from there and have been impressed with how quickly it's delivered. The only downside is that Papino's doesn't have a website with an online menu to look at. It used to, but it now appears defunct. Lack of menu availability online has kept us from ordering in the past. In this day and age, it concerns me when a business lets its website lapse. Online menus seem like a no-brainer for the delivery/take-out aspect of a business.
