2	First visit was great.  One of the better Italian subs I have had.  Went two more times and portions were scaled back to anorexic levels.First visit the guys behind the counter were super friendly.  Next two times bordering on rude.  Our business had planned to use them exclusively to feed our trainees...not gonna happen.Good location,. good quality ingredients.  Poor value and service.  Put a smile on everyone's face and you can afford to build a better sandwich...more people will come in.  Having a bunch of angry people behind the counter is a killer.Too bad, I really liked this place the first time.
2	Premium price for a standard sandwich.Would have been an enjoyable visit had the deli guy been at least welcoming.
5	I have been to RB&R quite a few times and have tried most of the items on the menu.  I have yet to be disappointed.  The quality of the ingredients is very clearly superior to what you will find in a typical deli. The prices are reasonable relative to the quality and the service is fast and friendly. Highly recommended.
1	I can't believe this place is still open.  So I'm walking in at about 11:30, a little early for lunch, granted, but the place is dead - not an encouraging sign.  The owner of the place is walking in at the same time and gives me a glare, doesn't hold the door open for me, and when he gets in the door, seconds before me, barks at what appears to be a 15 year old kid working in the back.  - strike one, the owner's a jerk.So as I'm waiting for my sandwich, I check out the place.  The other reviews are right - it's dirty, and generally appears unsanitary (see my picture of the meat locker). On top of that, everything they offer is pre-packaged or shipped in from somewhere else.  I ask the owner, "are these cookies made fresh daily?""Well no," he replies, "we bake 'em here, but we get the dough from somewhere else" - strike two, lacks fresh ingredientsThe kid finished up my Italian sandwich, and the proof is in the pudding.  The sandwich literally came with 2 slivers of onion, one piece of lettuce, an okay portion of meat, on chewy bread (that they get from a local bakery, but I'll be damned if it's fresh made that day).  - strike three, you're outta here!Stay away - you can find a better sandwich relatively close by - even Teeter has a better offering.
1	I've been trying to find more places for lunch recently and I saw this deli. I was excited and hungry and did not think to check yelp reviews before I entered. Big mistake! I went in and was at first surprised by how simple the menu was. I ordered a chicken panini and I got it all wrapped up and it was hot I was excited about my meal. I took it home and unwrapped it to find 4 or 5 chicken strips with a little (and I mean little) sauce, on what looked and tasted like Texas toast from the Teeter. That was it. If you want a sandwich  you are better off giving a 10 year old some cheap ingredients, a George Foreman, and telling them to use their imagination.  And I paid 8 bucks for this sandwich. Never again. They give a bad name to delis. I was going to give this place two stars because the people behind the counter were so friendly, but while thinking back on the food I just couldn't bring myself to give my fellow yelpers even a glimmer of what would be false hope.Don't waste your time and money here!
1	Really Bad & RancidThat should be the new name of this place. DIRTY, DIRTY, DIRTY. Don't believe the Health Inspection score...someone is sleeping with the inspector. The girl scooped the coleslow out using her bare hands and the cup that it was served in.  Egg salad was rancid and inedible. Desserts look like they were rotting in the deli case...the eclairs no longer had the chocolate sauce but what looked like butt crust and totally deflated. CONFUSED. When you walk in there are tables, chairs, salt and pepper shakers, and a trash can so you can eat in. But there are signs posted that say "DINING IN IS PROHIBITED BY MECKLENBURG COUNTY" (or something to that effect...kicking myself for not taking a picture with my phone).  I saw the sign and I did not open up my eyes...I saw the sign...DIARRHEA. What I totally expect after only taking three bites of my salad.  One bite of each the chicken salad, egg salad, and tuna salad in my sampler.  Thanks for an $8 restroom run. Side note - my coworker said his sandwich was actually ok, but is afraid of the coleslaw he ingested. I will never, ever, ever, ever go back. EVER.
