5	Love this new gym! It's super clean and nice, the machines are all powered by green energy equipment! Awesome women's locker room.. couldn't ask for a better place. I use to be part of 24 hour fitness, but the there lockers smell, this place is great!Ask for Eric, he's awesome and will help you out with any questions for your training needs.
5	Great neighborhood gym with that local community feel to it.  It's nice to finally have a 'green gym' that is equipped with energy-saving and eco-friendly equipment.  I'm happy to see more gyms/business that are becoming more socially responsible and taking on these green initiatives.The gym itself is equipped with top of the line equipment and I am very impressed by the variety of fitness classes offered.  I did my first ever TRX class there and definitely felt the burn the next day. I'm excited to get started on a regular TRX routine because it definitely works and is fun too. The weights area is very clean and open.  I always shy away from some of the bigger gym franchises as they are often overcrowded and you spend most of your time waiting for equipment instead of working out.  You really get the sense that it's 'your' gym...change the channel on the TVs, turn up the music, crank up the A/C, the owner is very accommodating and keeps the members happy.Definitely worth checking out.  Clean, friendly staff, top of the line equipment, experienced fitness instructors and helping save the environment!
5	Love the concept of a green gym where I can do a little good for the planet while burning calories! More than a gimmick though, this place is a solid gym with a great variety of classes, the latest equipment, and a super helpful and friendly staff. Oh, and they have Curve treadmills, the newest ones that burn 30% more calories and are easier on the joints too.
5	This place is amazing!! Eric is so great. He will take you on a tour, show you how all of the equipment works, ask you what your fitness goal is and give you a plan!! Machines are fantastic and great for the environment. Even if you're not really into "going green" the place has a great atmosphere. It's not intimidating like some of the other gyms, I felt really comfortable being there. The classes aren't at all crowded so you get alot of one-on-one time if you need it.Couldn't be happier with Off the Grid!!!
5	This gym is incredible. The energy produced by the machines power the gym so it's all green! The locker room is clean and spacious - the whole gym is clean! The classes are frequent and challenging, and Eric is the man. I always get such a good workout at Off the Grid. My favorite!
5	Off The Grid Fitness is awesome!  I've been enjoying working out here for a few months now and would highly recommend checking it out if you are looking to join a fun and affordable gym in the valley (it's green too!).  I started taking the TRX classes through a Living Social deal and loved it so much I decided to become a member.  There are a variety of other classes offered, in addition to TRX, and the general workout space and equipment are top notch too.  Eric and the other instructors are always friendly, enthusiastic, and there to help you reach your goals.
5	Worked out here for the first.  They have a really cool treadmill that is self powered and burns 30% more calories!  New state of the art equipment and it's a small boutique gym
5	Off the Grid Fitness is an awesome gym with great equipment, fantastic classes/teachers and really nice people. The spin and TRX classes are some of the best I've been to - good music and the time goes by fast. Would totally recommend this gym to people of all ages with any all fitness abilities - you'll feel comfortable and welcome no matter who you are or what fitness goals you're working towards. Really positive environment!
5	Have been working out at Off The Grid for almost 2 months and we love it! We live right next to the gym so we checked it out, did our 3 day trial and had to sign up. We do boot camp early in the morning, which is a perfect way to start your day. Eric is always friendly and gives us the right amount of push during our workouts. We never feel intimidated working out, plus they have some great personal trainers.
5	This is an amazing gym!  I love the classes, I do boot camp and TRX regularly, and I've also done spinning, all of these classes are awesome!  Eric, the owner and class instructor for boot camp and TRX, is great and very understanding if you are just starting out.  The other trainers are all very nice, though I haven't had any sessions with them, they can help you out if you have any questions.  The equipment is all very clean and new, and many of the machines actually make electricity rather than use it, how cool is that?!  The locker rooms are always clean and the showers are also clean and stocked with great smelling shampoo, conditioner and soap.  I've been a member of other gyms where I have never felt comfortable, but this gym is totally different.  The trainers and the members are all so nice and welcoming, it really helped me get back into a regular workout routine.  Also, there are Free Fridays if you want to try the gym out, it's a great way to see what the gym had to offer!  I love this place and I recommend it for anyone looking for a friendly gym with a great group of people.
5	Off The Grid.
5	Off the Grid fitness sets the bar in terms of member/trainer relationships. Eric makes your experience welcoming, comfortable and exciting each time you work out. Not only is the gym immaculate, the owner truly cares about his members. Known by name, each member walks in knowing their time and money is highly valued and immensely rewarded.If you are not working out here and live in close proximity to Shea and scottsdale road-you are truly making a mistake. Come join our family and experience the best equipment (cardio, stationary and free weights) along-side unlimited classes, well-tailored training and efficient, hard-working staff!
5	Amazing gym, amazing classes, amazing owner!!  I have now been working out at this gym for over one year and absolutely love it!  When you think of going to the gym, you do not always think of having fun, but trust me you will be smiling and even laughing during classes.  If you have never tried TRX, give it a chance and experience an all over body workout.  Did I mention that this gym is powered by green energy equipment!  Plus, ladies, the bathrooms are super clean and beautiful!  If you want a new experience at the gym, try out this gym with a 3 day FREE trial!!
5	I found Off the Grid Fitness through a living social deal to attend their classes. One of the best purchases I've ever made. It's a smaller gym but has everything you might need. Personally, I go there to take the classes, more specifically, their bootcamp. Eric is the instructor and he's amazing, he plays great music and always makes sure you're doing each exercise correctly to get the full benefit and burn. The bootcamp is fast-paced and involves cardio, weights, resistance, and sometimes even a little TRX. Now that I've been going there for the entire summer, I plan on continuing to purchase their fitness class packages. I've also tried their F.I.T class which is basically a quick condensed version of bootcamp if you're looking to get an intense short workout in. I'm looking forward to trying their TRX classes one of these days but for now I love bootcamp!!
5	This gym is one the the main reasons I'm sad to be moving away from Scottsdale. I have been taking classes here for over a year now, including trx, boot camp, and spin. They are all challenging and fun. The instructors do a great job making sure people of all abilities are pushing themselves and getting a good workout. I appreciate how the owner Eric is open to suggestions ranging from what music to play, to what type of exercises we want to focus on (abs, legs, etc.). The facility itself is nice and clean, and Eric has kept adding new equipment to keep it exciting (box jumps, tires, and trx rip trainer for example). I have made great workout friends here and will miss "happy hour" boot camp on Fridays after work.
