2	This is a hotel for people who need a place to sleep for the night, and they need it cheaply, and quickly.  Yes, it is supposed to be an 'extended stay' type place, but I would not recommend it for staying longer than a couple nights.  The area is not a place I'd live in, but its not the worse place I've been by a long shot.  Its Phoenix, and not the good part.  So yeah, you pretty much know what you get.  But if you're from out of town then I guess you don't.  Let's just say to expect inner city atmosphere...the uneasy, look over your shoulder kind.The hotel itself is the outside kind, where you walk into your room from the outside.  I don't like these kinds of places (apartments included).  I guess I feel exposed or whatever.  Meh.The size of the room is itty bitty.  But if you're traveling by yourself, then it is adequate.  The bathroom is also small but good enough for what you gotta do.  The bed in mine was a queen size.  And there is a small kitchenette.  Cleanliness?  This is where I had my problem.  I saw a few roaches.  I am not an uppity person, but I'd rather not pay to sleep with roaches...even if I'm not paying that much.  I found one in the kitchenette sink which fled behind the coffee pot, then into the cabinet, then under the stovetop.  Another one was found coming out of the drain in the shower.  Maybe two roaches aren't bad for most people especially considering where I was and how much I was spending...but that's one too many for me.  The roaches were, however, the only cleanliness issue I had.Comfort?  Uhm....the bed felt like a box, but its better than having nowhere to sleep at all.  It creaked and groaned like the dickens, though.  There was a nice little table to use as a desk/dining table/ironing board.  The 'sitting chair' in the room I used as a place to put my stuff so I wouldn't have to sit everything on the floor and risk carrying roaches around with me.Features?  The kitchenette was nice to have even though I didn't use it.  It has a little 2 burner stovetop, a little sink, a little fridge, a little coffee maker, and a little microwave.  Pots, pans, and utensils were also supplied.  I didn't inspect the cleanliness of any of that stuff cause I knew I wouldn't use them...and roaches had probably skimpered over it all anyway.  The tv was little, like a 13 inch.  It had Showtime stations, and a bunch of others like TNT, TBS, all the ESPN you could want, Cartoon Network, and the regular stations.  There were more but nothing I watch.  There was no iron, which sucked.  Service?  I didn't get it.  Room service only comes by on the 6th or 7th day.  So if you need new towels, toilet paper, shampoo and the like, you had to go to the office to get it.  And there was no garbage can in the room other than a tiny one in the bathroom...so all my garbage went in a Walmart bag.  Then another Walmart bag.  And another.  When I left, I had three bags of garbage sitting for them.  I had noisy neighbors my entire stay.  I have no idea what they were throwing around at 3am.  Its like they were stomping whenever they walked.  And someone MUST have been banging on the walls somewhere nearby.  So peaceful, it ain't.I found a different, better hotel along the way and checked out of here a few days early.  They refunded my money without even blinking.  So...If you're in a bind like I am and money is an issue, this will suit your needs.  There were only 2 roaches in my 3 days there.  The kitchenette is a great value.  If you don't mind the area then this is a decent choice.
2	The only good thing about this place is that its cheap.We booked a night then received a call the same day asking us to stay somewhere else because they over booked the hotel. THAT'S NOT MY PROBLEM!  My friend that was traveling with us got the same call. We show up, got a room, asked for an extra night and got it.5 min later my friend shows up got a room for one night but they didn't want to extend her stay. We opened the door to the room, it smelled.  I asked for 2 queen beds and got 2 double beds. Complained so I got the rate for 10 bucks cheaper. The area is not the best but we were expecting that. So it came to no surprise when we woke up at 3am to the sounds of a screaming crazy woman arguing with her lover.  If you're on a budget and need somewhere cheap to stay and don't mind the shower dripping all night or the sounds of sirens and police helicopters  then this place is for you.
4	Me, my husband and my child stayed at the hotel. We walked into a clean room. The air conditioner had a bad smell for the first couple of minutes then went away. We had no problems the night we stayed. The staff went above and beyond and were actually pleasant. For the price we paid I wasn't expecting the kitchen area so that was pleasing to see. The only downside I experienced was I had to go to the office for shampoo and one of our beds didn't have any pillows on it.
2	Since I was coming over to Glendale, AZ for Baseball Spring Training, I had to book a hotel for three days. I didn't really care where I was going to stay. So, I used Priceline's Bid System and with the low price I submitted, I was going to stay at the Crossland Economy Studios. I wasn't going to use the hotel that much since I was going to see the Los Angeles Dodgers at Camelback Ranch. So, this place was perfect to just sleep and go. Prices will vary when you stay here. I forgot to take a photo of this place, but its on McDowell and 51st Ave. It is a three floor hotel or an apartment. Why I said that?! Well, it seems like it was made as an apartment versus a hotel. The elevator button was missing for a bit on the third floor. The room is simple with a small electric stove, sink, and microwave. I didn't have tub, just a shower with a seat. For some reason, my room had some strawberry jelly all over the place. Not sure what that was about. Someone didn't clean the place thoroughly. Also, I noticed that every time I left the room and come back many hours later, I noticed the bathroom was a little wet, but major. So, there are some plumbing issues here. TV is very standard and room has an AC...COVERED WITH STRAWBERRY-COLOR'd type jelly. I swear it was all over the room.There plenty of fast food places you can eat at that are just walking distance from the hotel: Sonics, McDonalds, and etc. If you are collecting trash, please note that housekeeping does charge. There are trash bins near the stairwells to dump the trash. Office Hours are from 630am to 10pm. I had to leave a bit early, but there is a phone just outside the office to call the front desk. There isn't much to complain since I had already known that it was going to happen. If you don't plan to use your room often and save $$$$, then this is a place to stay. Yelp is my Review, My Story, and My Life. It's time to share it.
2	While I was initially pleased with the price and the cleanliness and the kitchenette, I simply have to give this place low rating simply because of the inconsiderateness of the company. All was well until 6:30 AM when the landscaping crew came through. Yes, leaf blowers and mowers came through at 6:30 AM. I called the front desk to complain and, while polite, they basically said that getting landscaping done before the heat of the day starts is more important than me sleeping. So, unless you want to be woken up by a landscaping crew at 6:30 AM, then stay somewhere else.
4	This place is probably the lowest priced you can find in Phoenix. And you get what you pay for so my expectations were low to begin with. We can't afford the prices of nicer motel/hotels and must stay in these lower priced places. You can imagine my surprise to find this motel much better than we anticipated. The rooms aren't the best - they're just average low priced rooms. The beds were comfy enough, TV worked fine and had some decent stations, kitchenette was fully furnished and two burners.  I didn't see any roaches and I checked the mattress for bed bugs (do this everywhere!)  You can't beat the price. We only stayed one night. Yes, there were some nefarious looking individuals we walked by but all turned out fine. They looked scarier than they were. For the price, I would stay here again except for my biggest issue. Very weak wifi signal. So getting online was difficult most of the time. For me it's a deal-breaker. I completed one of those online review forms provided by Crossland and mentioned my disappointment in the wifi. I was surprised to receive an email from the general manager indicating he would be looking into improving it. I hope that happens. I will stay there again if it gets fixed.
