5	I went a long time ago and was disappointed I returned and I love going there the chicken is amazing and I love the passion fruit juice
4	I am a fan without even going there since I love, love, love Colombian culture and have been agonizing over where to get real OMA cafe.   I will try the empandas and hope they are good.  Every ciudad in Colombia makes them differently.  I liked the ones in Medellin the best, at El Machateca near to Hotel Dann Carolton.   Sigh... no more novia,  no more trips to Colombia.   I look forward to visiting La Itendita
5	awesome service and food wifey and I will definately be back !!The empanadas were delicious , I had the special of the day and It was so satisfying.
5	Really good, authentic colombian food as if your grandma made it :) alot of products from Colombia that you cannot find anywhere else.. Will be visiting again soon.
5	Amazing colombian food! Very authentic and great service. You can also find many colombian things to bring home like snacks and arepas :). We love this place so much!
5	A taste of home is always welcome, and for this Colombiano, La Tiendita hits a home run. I dropped in for lunch while in Mesa and found a clean, well-stocked store and friendly staff. I had the chorizo con arepa and some empanadas for lunch, they were fresh, delicious and authentic in every way. Having Caracol on the TV and a good inventory of Colombian goodies in stock was an added bonus and I'll be back soon on a weekend for the Bandeja Paisa, my favorite dish. In a world of homogenized, look-alike, bland dining choices, La Tiendita stands out, as it should. Drop in and taste the real thing.
5	Some of the best Colombian food I've had in America. The Empanadas and Chorizo are well worth the 30 min drive from my house. Also was able to buy some Manzana and Arequipe  to bring home!!!
5	Wow no wonder this place has 8/8- five star reviews. I'm adding the mine to the mix. I was looking for a place to eat yesterday, Sunday after Day 2 of the Rubber Stamp Show at the Convention Center a few blocks away and a lot of places were already closed for the day or by 5 o'clock. I found this one on Yelp and even though my tummy hadn't completely recovered from the stomach flu that I had a few days ago I decided to give them a shot. Gut instinct, pun intended. I sure wasn't sorry. Being South American food I was concerned about it being too spicy for my still somewhat delicate condition. I had nothing to fear. I mentioned to the girl at the counter that I didn't want anything spicy and she assured me the food wasn't. She asked if I would like some recommendations since I hadn't been there before and I agreed. The first thing she did was smile and point to the Bono bread in the little display case to my right and told me how good that was which was totally true.  It was a dollar for one roll and was almost sweet enough to qualify as a cookie, very fresh and delicious. It could have easily been eaten as a light dessert at the end. FTR, I'm one of those people that doesn't usually order drinks because it's hard to pay $2 for something I can buy for a quarter from the grocery, but when I saw they had the fruit smoothie type drinks, or fruit juices they called them, I decided to try one out. I believe they were $2.75.  I was going to get a fruit that I was familiar with like strawberry or Blackberry or guava but she recommended the Guanabana fruit drink and I decided to take her word for it.  She asked if I wanted it blended with water or milk and I thought milk would be healthier. It too was extremely fresh and delicious. I look forward to ordering a different flavor next time. Then she told me about the daily special, a chicken dish with two sides, and pointed to a lady in a booth that had one in front of her,  It looked absolutely delicious.  It was $10.95 which seemed a fair price for the quantity of food and what I suspected would be the quality, but I I was a little worried that it might be too spicy or tomato-y so I decided to order ala carte off the menu. I wanted to try the empanadas so I got a beef one.  It wasn't huge but it was delicious and homemade and seat well with my tummy and my taste buds. The last thing I ordered was what they called a corn cake with shredded chicken.  It wasn't at all what I envisioned. I was picturing a piece of cornbread like you would find in a southern-cooking place that had sort of a chicken gravy over the top. I wasn't too far off with the chicken part but the "corn cake" was more like a thick tortilla. That didn't matter because it too was mild and delicious, in fact so much so I was wishing there was some pepper to sprinkle over it. Instead I sprinkled a little bit of the mildly spicy green sauce that came with the empanada over it and that livened it up a little. Even though the portions didn't look large I got full before I finished and asked for a container to bring home about half of the corn cake with chicken which I ate later in the evening. I didn't have room for any of their delicious sounding desserts so I will have to go back to try more things including the dessert. In fact I'll have to go back several times I think to try various foods, drinks and desserts. I suspect they will all be as delicious as what I had. All I can say is a sure wish I'd found this place sooner although it is fun to find new places no matter how long I stay in an area. I think I may have seen this place listed before but assumed it was yet another Mexican place and I don't eat a lot of Mexican food since I can get that in San Diego . In talking with the clerk she had asked me if I had ever had Colombian food. I told her about some of the various places I've been in the area that were Central and South American--Puerto Rican, Venezuelan, Salvadorian, Cuban, etc but she said that this place was the only Columbian place around. I told her I could definitely taste that it was unique from the other places. I forgot to ask her how long they have been open, if I might have overlooked them on previous trips or if they were recent . And not to go too TMI on you the food sat VERY well on my iffy tummy.
5	I was looking for a place to celebrate my mother's birthday. She is Colombian and I thought it would be great to find her some food from there. I searched on Yelp and came across La Tiendita Cafe. Although we live on the other side of town we decided to make the drive out there! When we arrived we were greeted by German and his wife and immediately felt like home. After a celebratory shot of aguardiente from a local patron we decide to order some food. Everything we ate was delicious! We had Empanadas (both beef and chicken), Bandeja Paisa and Picada. Everything was delicious and authentic! So glad we found this gem! We will be returning and bringing our friends! Also, a great little store there too, great place to find Colombian food, drinks and spices that are hard to find elsewhere!
5	This place is the best! Best people, best food and now they serve drinks! Awesome! The only real Colombian food in the valley
4	First time trying spot out today. It was very authentic columbian food. I have been craving this for quite some time now. Thanks God for YELP. I finally found a awesome spot. Bandeja Paisa was very good. I can eat this everyday lol. For $12.95 you get a bunch of food, but I was kinda disappointed when I saw the fried pork belly coz it was kinda small. Everything is else is tasting real good though. The Carne Bistec was also good. The meat was soft and the empanadas are bomb. Chicken or beef with some potatoes wrapped of the arepa ( I think) lol. My overall experience was good. The customer service was awesome. Lots of recommendation. A+++
5	I'm so glad I found this place! The food is delicious way better than I expected !!! I loved the chicharron will come back again for sure
4	Being that I'm Colombian I was excited to find a Colombian restaurant in AZ and was pleasantly surprised with how good the food tasted.  Excellent service. Loved the ambiance and the Colombian music playing in the back ground. The owner took time to talk with us and share about her and her husbands business. They've been in business for 4yrs and have seen it grow rapidly. It's a great place to experience and taste a bit of Colombia!
5	I was told that there was only one Colombian Restaurant in Arizona and La Tiendita Cafe was it. I had tried two other places in the past located in Glendale and Phoenix which by the taste of their food, it is justified why they no longer exist. La Tiendita Cafe is a hidden gem! The first time I showed up I ordered the lunch special which comes with rotisserie chicken, white rice, and salad. The meal was fantastic and satisfying. I also ordered the beef empanada, and let me say, they make a mean empanada like the ones my grandmother made when I was a kid. I have returned several times and tried the "perico con chorizo" (eggs mixed with tomato, onions, and a Colombian sausage on the side). I have also ordered the "Picada" (An assortment of fried delicacies) along with "Pan de Bono" (A delicious moist bread treat) and the famous "Arepas". Everything taste so fresh and authentic. It's like having a little piece of Colombia in Mesa. German and his wife Marcela have been very friendly since the very first time I visited La Tiendita.This is the place where you want to be for the World Cup! They have a fully stocked bar and several TV's to entertain and satisfy everyone. Don't hesitate to try this great representation of our Colombian cuisine and heritage.
3	This is a small Colombian Cafe with a very small Grocery and Gift Shop. They serve only Colombian Beverages and our waitress suggested getting a Juice that they blend with Ice or milk. I picked Passionfuit with Ice and it was delicious.The waitress was very friendly and knew by looking at us that we weren't real familiar with Colombian Food and made suggestions for us so we went with them.We started with a Arepa Con Quezo and it was tasty and tasted like a Corn Flour Pancake stuffed with Mild Stringy White Cheese. I think anybody would like it.I had the Arroz Con Pollo. It was made with nicely cooked flavorful chicken,rice, red bell peppers, maybe yuca root, and that familiar frozen mix of Greenbeans, Peas, Carrots and Corn. The dish tasted good but had a high level of salt in it. Oddly this dish was topped with Ketchup (possibly a Colombian Thing I'm not familiar with). On the side were Seasoned Fries that seemed like from Frozen. The salad on the side was some iceberg and tomato. Usually I'll give anyplace that prepares chicken well at least a four star rating but with all the frozen ingredients they used,  the salt, and the ketchup on top of food, I'm pushing my rating up to three stars and figure I just ordered the wrong thing for me.3 Stars I'd give them another try when in the area.
5	The only and best authentic Colombian Restaurant in Arizona. The food was fresh and tasty. Food was served pretty quick. We ordered bandeja paisa and picadilla for 4. Both plates were delicious. For drink you want to try their milk shakes all are so awesome.Owner and sever were so friendly and helpful, great vibe! There is also a little store where you can buy stuff from Colombia I highly recommend this place
5	This is a very nice local place to try .We are satisfied and will be back for sure.I had theLunch special chicken rice and salad and my husband had the banjeda with 3 meats and loved it !It feel like Home food well Prepared with the perfect balance of seasoning! empanadas Are Delicious and fresh ! thanks again for this deliciousColombian meal!
4	This is a great place to get tasty Colombian cuisine. They are very friendly, they have big screens. The food is really good, and they have really good drinks. Great place to go for Latino food and have a change from Mexican food (which I love) but is so prevalent here in AZ. The food is not so spicy, but is very flavorful. It's in a small shopping center, so it has a store front feel to it, but it's worth a visit.
5	First time eating here food was excellent great service and they have a full bar. Prices are really good well worth it.
3	What is La Tiendita?  Some reviewers treat it like an economy restaurant serving Columbian food, but if so, then the prices are a bit high -- $7-9 for a standard breakfast, around $3 for most drinks, etc.Of you might call it is an ethnic restaurant, which is what I would say.  As an ethnic restaurant you forgive the "basic" ambiance and applaud the friendly service and cleanliness.  The food, however, is spotty and the menu choices limited.The best buy were the empanadas at $1 each (most of us would call them croquettes).  A crisp tasty corn meal outside was stuffed, supposedly with beef, but actually with potatoes with a few morsels of meat.  The one dipping sauce available was spicy but not tasty.  The roasted chicken had a great rub but the breast was so overcooked that it was not only dry but hard to cut.  No sauces of any kind to alleviate the problem.  The arepa is a corn pancake, in our case stuffed with cheese, tasty but also dry.The platano maduro was the best dish, but at five bite size pieces for $3.50, it was overpriced.  Give us a bit more please.I would not make a trip of any length to go to La Tiendita but if you are in the neighborhood, try it - you might like it better than we did.
5	My husband is from Barranquilla, Colombia and we are happy to find this place.  Actually, we heard about this place from our daughter's Spanish teacher, whom is also from Colombia, but a different area.  My husband has been missing food from his country, though, periodically we will make some dishes.We ordered several things - for drinks we ordered Lulo, Passion Fruit, and Manzana Postobon.  The Manzana Postobon is like a fizzy apple drink.  The Lulo is a fruit drink but had some sort of creaminess to it.  This was my favorite of hte three.  The Passion Fruit kind of had a sweet, slightly tart taste - very strong taste.  Each of these drinks were $2.50, well the Mazana was $1.75.I asked for water and they gave us bottled water.  I'm not sure if they have just regular water that is not bottled.  We got 2 bottles and this cost $1.  I did not see any regular fountain drinks, so things are either by bottle or can.We ordered two different arepas - one was a cheese and the other was a shredded beef.  Arepa Con Queso and Arepa Con Carne.  The Arepa Con Queso came after we finished eating and we were stuffed, so we could not eat this.  The Arepa Con Carne ($3.99)  wasn't quite as tasty as the Cheese Arepa ($2.99).  The Arepa for the Shredded Beef was dry and a little crisp like, so hard to cut with the knife, so it was easier to tear this.  The beef tasted a bit dry, but my husband said that's the way it's supposed to be.  I found I had to add a little salt to it.  So, if I had to choose in the future, the Cheese Arepa is what I like because it had a little moisture to it.  The cheese comes from Mexico and not Colombia.  It tasted fine, but I think I still prefer the Colombian cheese.We ordered 2 dishes and split between my husband, son and I:  the Bandeja Paisa and Mojarra Frita (each plate was $12.95).  Both plates had a lot of food and each plate did come with rice.  The Mojarra Frita is basically fried Tilapia.  This was a bit messy to eat, but was tasty.  It came with some shredded lettuce and diced tomatoes, slices of lemon on top of the fish, white rice, and 2 small patacones (fried plantains).  The Bandeja Paisa had a bunch of things - Colombian Chorizo, Frijoles (beans), a slice of avocado, some baked plantain slices (sweet), a fried egg, some ground beef stuff, a mini arepa, white rice, and some pork rind with meat.  All of it was very tasty, but the Colombian Chorizo was the tastiest.The white rice isn't like how the Chinese make it, which is plain, rather there is salt and some oil added to the rice, which makes it tasty that you could eat by itself.  I think I could have just eaten some chorizo and the white rice or chorizo with the cheese arepa.For all this food - 2 arepas, 3 drinks, and 2 plates, it came to about $44.  A little pricey for lunch, but well worth it.  My husband said the food tasted like he remembered and it made him happy.  We'll come back again.Too bad there is so much construction with the Light Rail near there, but we noticed there were other Colombians that were dining there.  So, it's good to find a good Colombian food place there.Also, my husband found some bocadillo in their little store.  He likes this much better than the guava paste thing at the Mexican store.  I'm still missing the Colombian cheese, which they didn't have at this store.I believe at least the front people were all from Colombian, our waitress was from Cali.The service was really good and fast.  No complaints here.  They had a steady stream of customers this mid Saturday afternoon.
3	Not a huge fan.  While the staff was very friendly and the restaurant was clean,  my wife and I didn't like the areas very much.  Dry sums it up.  The best part of the meal was the empanadas ($1 but quite small) and the platanos. Check it out, maybe your experience will be better
4	Well priced. Had the natural juice, empanadas and bandeja paisa. Good flavor, well seasoned and good amount of food.
5	Great Colombian food. The bandeja paisa was legit.  Nice  to have some new variety restaurants open up like this. The Flan was really good as well. Service was excellent and very friendly.  Will be coming back soon and often.
5	Great food, flexible for vegetarians, great service, nice atmosphere. Will definitely come back-
2	To preface the review: I grew up in a Colombian household in NY eating traditional and daily meals my whole life and dining at Colombian restaurants as well. I have lived in Colombia as well(Medellin to be exact). I ended up moving out to Tucson and a couple months after they closed the last Colombian restaurant in town. When I heard there was one in Mesa, I just had to drive up to try it. I mean why not, I have to have Colombian products shipped to me since I can't find them here and now I hear about a restaurant/store combo? I have to try it. Friday night is when I show up and notice that they're store side is actually well stocked in your usual items that will hold you by: Colombiana, Malta, arepas, milo, chorizo.. Etc... You get the point. I check out the menu as I prepare to order. Nothing complicated. Simple and to the point. I go for the traditional Bandeja Paisa. When it comes out, beans look dry/microwaved. Missing avocado and everything else on the dish was "ehh" nothing to brag about. How a simple,traditional dish ended up like that is beyond me. My date had the bistec cebollado and that was sub par as well. Prices were fair. The only reason I would be back was to MAYBE give the food another try but other than that. I'll go there for the products in their little store.
5	My husband told me that they have teamed up with a courier service for people who send stuff to Colombia.  For our 11-12 lb package, the postal service would have charged over $100.  Through this service, we were charged about $42 (courier, plus tariffs into Colombia, and over size limit charge).  It would take 2 weeks for our package to get to Colombia, which we knew already.  UPS would have gotten it there in a week or so, but the cost was over $400.So, shipping this way for us is much better and more economical.  You just have to factor 2 weeks for your package to get there.  We had to open our package prior to going to La Tiendita because my husband remembered you cannot ship camo pants to Colombia via mail, so we had to pull them out.  When we got to La Tiendita, the woman that does the parcels helped us repackage.So, this is another great service that they offer and though it's a bit from where we live, it's worth the drive.
5	Went during the Blackhawks parade, which was right outside. The crowd didn't deter us and the inside was big enough to accommodate folks coming in after the parade too. Great service - very fast and attentive. Food was GREAT - they're known for pancakes so...do that. With berries. Mmm
4	The lines on Sunday morning attest to the great food experience at this cafe. They have indoor dining as well as a terrace in front of the Prudential Building - much needed for the overflow crowd. The menu is extensive with great combinations of highest quality foods. Omelets are wonderful - with choices that I've never seen before (California figs with Applewood bacon, scallions and havarti), comes with pancakes (you can choose specialty as well) or a variety of toast, hash browns down crisply as they should be prepared or fresh fruit if you prefer; excellent variety of teas; good coffee. Pancakes of many types, Belgian waffles or French Toast again with significant choices; light crepes, and on and on. Well worth any wait. Will return when back in Mesa.
3	I've been here about 5 times and overall I think this place has ok food and the prices are a bit high for the food you get
