1	This McDonalds is terrible long wait times stale food horrible customer service will never eat their again.
3	This place is neither here nor there. It is McDonalds. You get what you get. I usually don't have many problems with them. I set the bar low.Its good food when I don't need to be impressed :)
2	i have no idea why this McDonalds can "NEVER" get your order correct.  We have come here probably 4 times thru the drive thru, not one single time have I came home with my correct order.   You would think I would learn to check it before driving home.  Truly amazing how the person on drive thru had to get my simple order 2 times over the speaker, and once again at the first window.....and yet, wrong.   I didn't think that 2 cheeseburgers with no pickles, and a 6 piece mcnugget was crazy to think they could get it right
2	We stopped here on our way to Cali, went thru drive-thru, service was good we did receive what we ordered, BUT the fries were cold!! Chicken nuggets had been sitting out for a bit nothing seemed to be fresh...I know it's fast food but does it have to be cold food too?
1	IF they get your order right your lucky. If it is right most of the time the burgers are made wrong.Not worth the stop at all.
3	Ordered two small smoothies and a vanilla latte. She asked me, "hot or iced?" and I said, "iced - no, HOT." After waiting almost ten minutes, I finally saw them set two smoothies and an iced latte on the counter. Telling the guy behind the counter that it was supposed to be hot just got me a skeptical look and a request to see my receipt. So they had rung it up wrong - and after another wait, I finally got my hot latte. Which was anything but hot. It was cooler than tap water. So I took it back and asked for another. That one wasn't as "hot" as the first one. "Can you nuke it?" "No." "Are they always this lukewarm?" "Yes." Asked for my money back.
5	I've never had a problem with this place. They have always gotten my order correct, and the vast majority of the time, the employees are smiling, at least at the drive-thru.
1	Stay away poor service rude staff have no idea how to be professional screaming to one another and still have we wrong food
1	Mystery meat and velveeta cheese breakfast burrito, served by employees obese from their own fare, guaranteed to scald your mouth and make you sick.
1	The service is so bad the drive threw takes so long they should not even be classified as fast food I am not sure how it takes them 5min a car just to end up getting everything wrong
1	We are a household full of workers and college students so we do get a good feel for the fast food restaurants in Maricopa. Its not good for us and its probably not our only options but its the easiest. I Dont normally have an issue with costumer service but the drive thru is usually different. They can be rude and degrading. The main problem I had though happened the last time I went there. The guy in the first window took my order roludly kept asking "is that all" and became annoyed when I kept ordering. I was making an order for over five people in my house that evening and when I pulled up he made rude comments about my weight. Yes I am very over weight and jot happy about it. But for him to take my order for five people and accuse me of ordering it all for myself is just hurtful and uncalled for. When I made a complaint the gentleman informed me of his name. When I contacted management for make a formal complaint and the manager kept smiling and laughing while my mother (who had to go down because I was very embarrassed) explained the situation. As the person who was insulted I wasn't put to get him fired but I felt action needed to be taken. The manager informed my mom that he was sent home for the week. But after finding out that he had made several rude comments to other customers she felt further action needed to be taken. The manager could only smile and say that he isn't the usual manager and he has no power. The actual manager attempted to contact us once and said if we wanted it resolved would call him back. Very incorporate situation that should have never occurred.
1	This McDonald's is disgusting. The fries taste like oil and they often shriveled up. I asked them to make me a fresh batch of fries once, to just test out to see if their fries are always like that, and even the fresh batch was like that. I once received a disgusting chicken sandwich from them, and at the time I loved those from McDonald's so I ordered them from any McDonald's I went to. I have no idea what was even on it, but the meat was weird and there may have been a little piece of bacon on it but I have no idea what it even was. The place used to be covered in dead flies, too. Not so much anymore, but their food still sucks and they often get your order wrong. It's gross. Go to the McDonald's in Walmart. It's sad that the one there is better, but it is.
1	Dirty. Two cashiers and neither came to clean after I told them. It was not busy as I posted pics. Somebody needs ti reevaluate their employee choices!
