5	Joe and his creative team at Spotlight Signs and Imaging Solutions have done a fantastic job for two different printing jobs that I've needed in the past couple of months. 1st, as a member of Gilbert Toastmasters we were looking for new signage to point visitors to our location each week. Joe recommended a couple of A-Frame signs as a solution for us. He secured the A-Frame structures and printed the signs. His recommendations as to size and the material used for signs were ideal for our situation and needs. Our membership loves the signs.My second job was for my insurance agency. I was looking for a printed tablecloth for a trade show and Joe was able to provide multiple options for me to consider. Ultimately, I chose to do a table runner and purchase a tablecloth to go underneath. This saved me money overall but also gave me flexibility in using this for other shows and events. It was a great option for me.I would highly recommend Joe and his team for any of your signage needs. They work hard to find the right solution that fits your budget. Their work is high quality and a great value.
5	Joe Wallace will go out of his way to assure your Signage represents your business or organization they way you want. He did a Lobby and Window sign and really helped me with the right vision for the signs. I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for the right image.
5	Spotlight Signs and Imaging has helped me tremendously with my business. As a business owner with a vehicle fleet, having the right signage is critical to your image. I recently had vehicle magnets designed and fabricated for a hiring need and they have been more successful than any help wanted ad I could have purchased. Thanks Joe!!!
5	Joe offers amazing customer service and even better quality in all of his products. His design team can pretty much come up with a solution to any situation - whether it's transforming the look of your office space, or putting up a new marquee. I would highly recommend Spotlight Signs and Imaging Solutions!
