5	This past January my friends took me to Vegas for my first time to celebrate my birthday. The first two days we were on the Strip exclusively, and it was less than desirable. I had HORRIBLE service everywhere we went, and with the exception of a few craft cocktail bars at the Cosmo, most of our drinks were awful. Our last day in town my friends took me to fremont street and we hit up the Golden Nugget. My friends settled into a roulette table that was right next to the bar so my other friend and I decided to have a drink. I sat next to a woman with an amazing looking martini and she told me that the bartender, Julie, made the best ones in town. She wasn't lying. I love a good vodka martini and mine was delicious! They have every kind of olive you could ever want and a great selection to vodkas to choose from. But the best part about this place was the service. Julie was amazing. Not overly pushy or chatty, but she was nice to talk to and didn't have the holier than thou attitude we received at some of the other bars. I have been in the service industry for 14 years, so I am very flexible when it comes to service, but I LOVE to acknowledge amazing service and Julie was it! While I was sitting there two different couples came up to get drinks from her because they had been served by her on previous vacations and made a special trip to that bar just to see her again! So long story short, great bar, great drinks, AMAZING service. I will definitely be back on my next trip!
5	This bar is inside the "Golden Nugget" in downtown Las Vegas on Fremont St. WE LOVED IT!!!The bar tenders were super friendly and the setting while inside the casino itself is very nice! They had a lovely choice in drinks and olives. Yes that's right...olives. They had ten or so jars lined up for your choosing. All different types! They have these super fancy menus that LIGHT UP when you open them. Super cool!The drinks are a little expensive $10-$14...but hey, it's Vegas ;) Although when we were there they had $3 bottled Amber beer on special :)We made sure that even though we were staying at the casino to stop by a couple of times a day to grab a yummy drink! I'm not sure what it was but I had something with Vodka and basil....delish!!!!!If you are looking for a couple of minutes outside the run a mock feel of the Strip...head down to Fremont St. and give this place a try. We also noted that while it was too cold currently they have an outside patio area with a fire pit...very nice. We will be back next time we go :)
4	Pros: cute, adorable outdoor location, fun for people watching (there is also an indoor bar, but i didn't make it there)Cons: 2 drink minimum and slow serviceWe just needed a place to relax on a saturday late morning! There were very comfortable couches, tables and a great mai thai!It has a nice bit of shade on those sunny hot days, staff is very nice even if they are slow!Definitely a nice location when it's not too crowded!
3	We had a drink here the night we ate at the seafood restaurant. It's right at the open door that is connected to Fremont Street. Bartender is nice but the clientele......
5	Was there in Sept. Had a great time. Looking forward to going there next week. You must try the Raspberry Lipstick!!!  AMAZING !!
