4	I am sad.Today was last day in a very long time I will be eating at Rubios.I am starting this ridiculous almost all protein diet, and sadly, Rubios just doesn't cut it.  With all of the sodium and carbs that this place carries...I just have to say goodbye for a little while.So, today (after working out no less...because I am an oxymoron) I decided to give my bon voyage of tasty mexican good to Rubios.Rubios I love you.You are my favorite.But I promise to see you soon :)  And I will get enchiladas again.Yummy.
3	I ate at this Rubios today, and I can't say that I really liked it.  The food didn't really do much for me.  I ordered an enchilada, and honestly, I could have probably made it better myself.  It tasted hot saucy.  Somewhere in there was chicken, and my serving was rather small for my taste.  I like big fat enchiladas.  (insert bad joke here, I know.)  No small enchilada for this girl.Anyways, Rubios really doesn't cut it for me. I felt like it was bland food.
2	Not my favorite restaurant, but its something besides taco bell. Tried the nachos last time, they were good. Their tacos were kind of soggy. I dont like their salsas, prob my biggest complaint.
3	Two and a half stars.Decent cheap Mexican food with a lot of low-calorie options.  I ask for most of the burritos/tacos without the sauce since it saves calories (and also it is gross).  Half the items on the menu are no good but the burrito especial is tasty as well as the rolled tacos and the street tacos.  I do like the chips and salsas (they have spicy carrots, yay!) as well as the black beans.  They have tortilla soup now that is actually pretty good, too.  Most of the time I grab food to go since it is by my house but they do have a nice little patio and also they serve bottled Mexican beer so it really isn't a bad place to hang out.
4	Rubio's is my favorite place to get some vegetarian tacos that I don't have to drive all the way downtown for. The grilled portabello and poblano gourmet tacos make me happy. They made me sad for awhile because for some reason they were taken off of the menu for a few months, and during that time I boycotted Rubio's. But as soon as I found out that they were back I came in to get my beloved tacos. Baby portabellos, poblano peppers, avocados, cheese, and some kind of spicy cream sauce all on a corn tortilla. Mmmmmm!I also like their chips, they aren't like eating a salt lic like the chips at Chipotle. They are just the right amount of salty. The salsa that I like the best is the roasted chipotle salsa. Its got this really nice smokey flavor. I wish I could buy that at the store and eat it all of the time. I've had all of the other salsas at other times but I don't care too much for them. I also am not a fan of their beans that come with the meal. Most of the time they are really watery and I am just not a fan.I come to this location the most often, and the only thing bad about it is they have this really strange guy who works there and who is mostly always there when we come in, who likes to get a little too personal for me. Tone it down, dude. But other than that, I can't complain about this place.
4	I am hooked on the Langostino tacos! Ever since chuy's closed, I have been in search of good fish tacos.  Rubio's is a little expensive, but the food is high quality and worth it. Try the Langostino tacos or burrito. The mahi grilled is great also. I usually go at least once a week to have fish tacos at Rubio's.
2	I like Rubio's in general, but this location is pretty hit or miss on the food quality and service.  I prefer the one on the other side of the I-10 next to the movie theater.
2	It drives me nuts how every time I order a taco or burrito without the sauce, they still go right ahead and put the sauce on it.  Not some of the time, or most of the time, but every single time.  Sometimes, with the tacos, they even cover it up with extra cabbage or lettuce on top so I don't see it until I get home.  For that reason, I usually order the chicken or steak street tacos since they don't come with that gross white sauce that they put all over their seafood items.  But every once in a while I feel like a shrimp or fish taco and invariably when I get home with my takeout and taste my first bite, I realize that they put the d#!@ sauce on there.  I don't like tarter sauce or mayo or any of those creamy sauces.  I don't know why they put it on there in the first place since they have the yummy salsas for you to add to your food to your own liking.  Which leads me to another complaint that I have.  The last few times I have been to this Rubio's, they are out of the spicy carrots.  Nothing left in the container except jalepenos and liquid.  And one time I got some of the chopped onion and I could tell after one bite that it had gone bad.  A little more attention to the condiments, please!Get it together guys, or I will stop coming here. Even though it really convenient, if I can't eat my food when I get takeout or have to wait around while you make it twice when dining in, then why would I want to return?
3	I went back here a couple of times recently and I have to say that they have greatly improved their service and cleanliness of the restaurant. And they got my order right both times so that is a huge plus. The best thing of all is that they have started carrying some local beers from SanTan and Four Peaks. That earns them back an extra star in my book.
4	I always enjoy my local Rubios. They know us by name and always greet us with a smile ! Their phone etiquette can use a little work, but the cleanliness and friendly staff make up for it. Not to mention their food is always GOOD !!
5	It's a chain, so if you've been to one you've been to them all. This one in particular involves a higher than usual wait time is the only thing that would differentiate it from other Rubio's. If you are familiar with Rubio's don't read on: it's a good one, though you have to wait for it. If you haven't been to Rubio's read on.Forget everything you think you know about chains, Rubio's defies every myth. These are the bomb-diggity of the fish taco market. I'm serious, if you're eating fish tacos at a taco truck right now becaue you think coming to Rubio's isn't "authentic" or "selling out" you're missing out. I love taco trucks in Arizona, my favorite Mexican restaurant in the world is a taco truck in Tucson (Nene's), but for fish tacos I will say that I have yet to come across one that I would take over Rubio's-- honestly.These babies are fresh, they're flavorful, and no they're not del taco price, but they're not breaking the bank either. On a budget? Just get a burrito, same fish tacoey goodness in a titan-sized package. Their salsas taste like the real deal, I recommedn the tomatillo, but try them all. I prefer flour tortillas, but the corn is good here. Unlike your taco trucks, you have choices, and the best news? They're all good choices. Still skeptical? Come on a Tuesday, try them for just 1.50 each, and thank me later when you're coming back here on a Wednesday just because. And yes, all this from a chain!
4	It's a chain restaurant, you know what to expect. I had the burrito especial and it was a nice change to actually have other ingredients inside the burrito besides ALL meat.  OK location, nothing special, simply a nice change of pace today.
5	The food is great every time (I usually get the fish tacos), but the employees make this place.  The gentleman who took my order and delivered my food was extremely personable and even checked on everyone in the dining room when he had some extra time.
5	As others have said, it's a chain however not all chains are alike. This particular Rubios is really clean, has great service and the clientele is classy. It's not loud and full of teenagers or gang bangers. The tables are clean. There are a lot of families that come here. The person taking your order will often bring the food to you. You can tell this particular location is a favorite among the locals, particularly those with kids. I've been here on multiple occasions and I've been pleased every time. Sure, it's not as Yelp trendy to write about a chain but for those who have matured past trying to appear cool on Yelp and just want nice food with nice service, come here.
5	Fun, Fast, Fabulous, Flavorful and FirstTHE BEST place for flavorful food, fast service, fabulous employees and fun atmosphere. I would travel miles to eat here! It's my first stop from the airport. And I enjoy lunch and dinner on the same day.
4	Tacos Tuesdays has $1.50 fish tacos.  It is that simple.  They are fried and have some sauce that probably isn't that good for you, non-organic corn tortillas, but, I love it anyway.
5	I love this place. It's affordable.  It's tasty. It's fish tacos. You can't beat that, unless you're in Mexico. The staff is usually very nice and the food comes out fresh and hot. I love the beans and salsa bar, too.
5	Tasty burrito, good service. A little crowded at noon.
5	The service was awesome, the lady at the counter gave me a great suggestion and I loved it! Word to the wise: It is crowded during lunch time! But damn worth the wait! :)
5	Don't go cheap.  Go for the best!!!  Gourmet Shrimp tacos on flour tortilla at $4.39 each is the best thing on earth.... And I am fm texas.   Yes, you'll need $12-15 to be satisfied and full but this is the best and worth every dollar!!!
