4	A clarification more than a review. Bay Leaf spun-off from Penn Hill's successful Udipi Cafe, which for years has been serving first-rate southern Indian vegetarian cuisine. I'm trying Bay Leaf tonight for first time, and hope it is as good and offers the same variety of dishes. Glad to note from previous review that poori is still available!
3	Cheap is the operative word here. I had the Masala Dosa for dinner which cost me a whopping $6.25. They also have a dinner buffet for six dollars. Not the best food I've ever had, but it was okay.
5	Bayleaf is the marriage of Udipi Cafe and the Indian truck at Pitt.  Everything written about Udipi applies (http://www.yelp.com/biz/udipi-cafe-monroeville-2).While the service and atmosphere are unremarkable, the fare here is nothing short of remarkable.  Try the dosai.  You won't regret it.
3	Not the best Indian food I've ever had, but certainly not the worst.  A chicken tikka masala, an aloo mutter, and two orders of samosas came to a little more than $25.  The samosas were decent in size and flavor, as were the dipping sauces.  The aloo mutter was a little spicier and saucier than usual, and I thought they skimped on the rice a bit, but for $7 my expectations weren't too high.  The entree size was also big enough that I had tons of leftovers for the next day.Delivery is available through Campusfood.  I want to try the other Indian delivery places as well, but I certainly wouldn't mind ordering from here again.
4	I'm surprised by previous comments. I'd have to say some of the best Indian food I've had in restaurants. I've had better at home, in India, but this is right up there. The inexpensive nature of the place is hardly the right note to sound, although it is very welcome too. It's been a while since I've been there again (after 3 previous visits), mainly because it's often very difficult to find a place to park. I recall ordering sequential ordersof the Seekh Kababs, along with chicken curry, sambhar, breads. All excellent, each one tasty in its own way, obviously each dish individually prepared and flavored. I'm headed that way again soon and will update.
4	I went to Bayleaf  with a foodie Indian friend who thinks its the best in the city. At our table three got the buffet, I got Chicken Lawabdhar, my sister got Butter Almond Chicken. We ordered samosas as appetizer. With the buffet you get freshly made masala dosai. The buffet consisted of several main dishes, veg and non-veg, two soups and a lot more for $6. the chicken dishes were delicious, as were the dosai and samosa,  the rice was perfect...by far our new favorite. One thing we really liked was the food was not greasy, just fresh and delicious! It is also much more affordable- and they deliver.
