5	The manager Shawn, and asst mgr there are awesome.  I will never go to a Verizon store again.  I got the hard to find Droid X super fast, and they helped me transfer all my contacts, add apps, and even found me a cheaper plan with more perks.  Super thrilled!!!!
1	Very disappointed!  Spent over an hour with the sales girl, paid a  deposit for the Fantasia phone, told her we would be back Wednesday to pick them up.  So on Wednesday after waiting another 30 or more minutes in the store to talk to our sales girl, she told us no phones were available!  A good salesperson would have called us and let us know before we made the trip in or told us when she saw us sitting there that the phones were not available!  Too bad for her! Will never do business with them.  They took our money but had no phone.  Not good business practice!
1	You're better off calling Verizon Wireless and getting help over the phone. From the moment I walked in their customer service was far below average. I was not greeted and both employees were helping out other customers. I was never told how long the wait was going to be or anything. I had my phone stolen and waited over an hour for them to just tell me I need to call a different insurance number or do it online because they can't help me. If I would have just gotten greeted in the beginning with a, "What can we do for you today?" Then it would have been a good experience.
5	There is nothing quite like the panic one feels when faced with the threat of losing one's phone. All my pictures, phone numbers, apps etc. When I turned my phone on the other day, it turned off immediately and despite all my efforts, could not be revived. I rushed to the Verizon store, which thankfully opened earlier than I'd anticipated. Was immediately greeted by a super nice man who opened my phone and cleaned off an embarrassing layer of dust, all the while being more than patient with an unruly kid who was running all over like a maniac.. (Alright fine. It was MY kid.) Overall, an intensely stressful situation, and Verizon kissed my booboo and made everything better. Whew.
