2	There are few things in life that make me truly happy. Babies being born, sunny afternoon trips to hang out with a few buddies and maybe the most important one of them all, really good food! The problem with most BBQ places is that there are those who have come to believe that throwing a few pieces of meat on the grill followed by a massive coating of sickly sweet sauce is real BBQ. Why then would people spend long hours tending smoke filled pits that sometimes look like they came off the back of a old tractor or the family car? Simple because it is NOT REAL BBQ UNLESS IT IS COOKED LOW AND SLOW!!! The smoke is as important as the meat itself when it comes to making lip smacking Q. It not only adds flavor it also adds a nice smoke ring that lets you know that the meat you are stuffing in your face is real BBQ and not some baked in the oven, made at someones mom's house, under flavored mess. I should have known better than go to a place that claimed to be masters of what they call Chicago style BBQ. First off there is no such thing as anybody with a real taste for BBQ knows there are five main areas or styles. Memphis, Texas, St. Louis, Kansas City, and South Carolina style. Chicago does not even come close to making this list. Each region offers a different take or variation on BBQ and those variations are almost like a calling card that informs others as to the origin of the food they are eating. The food from this place did none of those things. This was my first time visiting this chain restaurant so I went in with eyes and nose open to all they had to offer. It is no secret that when I walk in to your business that three things must happen in a matter of seconds or I am gone. First off the place should be clean not just look it  (clean floors but disgusting bathrooms). The staff must welcome you or at least acknowledge your presence, and finally the prices should be clearly marked along with the items being offered. As I said this was my first time in this place so I walked in and took a look around. They seem to have really put a little time and effort into creating what they believe is the ideal Q eating establishment. Clippings of newspaper write ups on the company founder, the food and even local charities they help (nice). They even have what I like to call a BBQ battle station. This consisted of three bottles of their sauce in various stages of flavor and heat levels, malt vinegar for those who enjoy a more vinegar based sauce, and even ketchup for little kids who do not like the BBQ sauce.  Note: the lack of wet naps that are often handed out at BBQ places should have tipped me off to the lack of sauce issue they have. They do offer free drink refills which is nice given that the cups are on the small side for what they charge, I believe it was $1.59 for a small or $1.99 for a large unless you get a combo meal then it comes with your meal. The prices range from $2.79 for a Vienna Beef Hot Dog to $14.99 for one of their three meat dinner combos. They also serve Italian beef sandwiches ( the reason I ate there in the first place) which tasted OK but the jar peppers they used over powered the meat and made the bread soggy. I also tried the beans and rice which seemed to be just that and nothing more! No salt, pepper, not even a little shot of onion or any flavor enhancer to be found. Their potato salad was on the sweet side as if it had been made with miracle whip or sugar was added either way yuck. I also had a few bites of their pulled pork sandwich which did have a nice amount of meat but REALLY lacked in flavor. The meat was almost mushy and only had a small splash of sauce. Now normally some places drown their sandwiches in sauce resulting in everything being overpowered with it but any real BBQ master knows that the sauce should only be added to enhance already well prepared meat. It can not make up for over/under cooked, under seasoned meat period!! But this is one of those times I think it could have made the food better. So to sum it all up I would recommend this place to those who are looking for a OK Italian beef place in the Mesa area but as for the BBQ I would suggest you let this little piggy go otherwise you will be the one crying whaa all the way home LOL.
4	I've been here a few times and all the times I've been here the place is always well kept and clean. The food is pretty good. The bbq sauce they offer is delicisous but they only have two types of sauces. The prices are a bit pricey but would recommend to try this place at least once.
3	I used to eat at Tom's years back, and coming back here for lunch, everything's pretty much the same.  They do have the new addition of sugar free bbq sauce, which is very nice.  The burgers are decently sized and satisfying, and the fries are a perfect addition to eat with it.  The Italian beef sandwich, compared to others I've had in Arizona, is a good value, but I don't think it's necessarily the best Italian beef here.  The sandwich automatically comes with peppers which is nice, and is full dipped for you.  The broth was a little saltier than say, Lobby's, and there wasn't as much beef in the sandwich, although the beef itself seemed more tender.The last time I ate their bbq sandwiches was years back, so I'll have to come here again to try out their bbq items.
3	The proprietors are trying really hard to have excellent service in a clean, well organized restaurant, so I'm giving them three stars, even though the food probably doesn't merit it.I had their ribs yesterday. I took them naked with mild sauce on the side (hot is also available). The sauce was thick and sweet, but I didn't care too much for the flavor. It had too much tomato flavor and didn't seem particularly well-balanced. The meat was plentiful but not so tasty. It was tough and stringy, without much taste even though it had been seasoned. I really wanted to like their ribs because they were so nice when I ordered, but I just didn't care for them.I also ordered a side of mashed potatoes without gravy. They were sort of bland, but silky smooth. In fact, they were so smooth that I wonder if they were from a mix, but I couldn't tell so I'll give them credit for blending them well. I was a little disappointed that they didn't have cornbread.
3	I like Tom's.  It's good, serviceable BBQ.  The portions are reasonably generous, the sides are good (I particularly like their potato salad, though I'm not sure they make it themselves.. whatever it is, it's good).  But I can only give Tom's 3 stars because their BBQ sauce is utterly uninspired.  Not bad, mind you, just not... inspired.  The brisket, pulled pork, and hot links are my usual fare.  Lots of potential for improvement here, but not bad as is.  I'll keep coming back because the place is clean, friendly, and not a franchise operation.  3 stars on the Brak-o-Meter, but it's a solid 3+.
5	I'm no expert when it comes to food, or BBQ for that matter. I've heard some people argue that this is not real BBQ. Honestly though, even a hint of my hometown food is good enough for me. This place is just enough for me to eat and be happy.My wife and I love Vienna hot dogs, and until recently, I thought we'd never have them again unless we took a trip back to Chi-town. I was wrong, as they have brought a bit of home to us. This isn't the only place to do so, but they sure do it the way we like it and with a pleasant atmosphere. We also enjoy a nice Italian beef with au jus. I tend to get the hot giardiniera and sport peppers. The taste of these with their respective food is otherworldly in my book. This location in particular has never done me wrong and I doubt they could. They still have plenty of dishes I need to try and regardless of how it's cooked, as long as it's fresh, hot, and tasty, it will be devoured by yours truly.It's just too bad they don't have jumbo dogs...
4	Not bad. Not bad at all. Everythiing I have had here has been great. Ribs could be a little meater. But other then that. Great Place. Priced well as well.
3	The BF and I went here last night for dinner and it was pretty good. The place is really close to our house, so I'm surprised we hadn't been here before, but we had a living social deal that was on the brink of expiration so we had to go use it! This restaurant is fairly cute inside with adequate seating and a neat looking phone booth thing in the back. I ordered Tom's favorite sandwich or something like that. It had pulled pork with onions, hot peppers, some sauce, amongst other unidentifiable foods. I thought the sandwich was tasty, but the bread was really wet and the whole thing was falling apart. The BF got a bbq pork sandwich and it was good, not the most flavorful sandwich in the universe, but not bad. Despite this not being the most exciting place to eat, I will definitely be back because it is close to my house and they have vienna beef hotdogs (which is what I'm totally getting next time....yum!).
5	I personally love Toms BBQ while they are a small hole in the wall place (which I personally think the best foods come from) they serve an amazing array of BBQ options. The pulled pork sandwich is a never fail option of for me, served with a tablespoon of coleslaw and just the right amount of bbq sauce( be sure ask for their hot sauce if you like a little kick). My Fiance loves their fried fish(fried perfectly and has just the right amount of breading) and ribs(which are always juicy and full of meat). Overall this is one of my favorite lunch spots.
5	It looked from the outside like a small place,  so when my buddy and I went in, we really weren't expecting much --- but let me tell you --- this is an incredible BBQ joint.  Honestly probably the best BBQ I've ever had.  I find myself craving their BBQ pulled pork sandwiches on practically a daily basis.  It's juicy, and so tender.  I've never had pork this tender before.  They serve it with some cole slaw, and if you want, a side.  I always get their AMAZING potato salad.  I thought my mother made the best potato salad on the planet, but I'm now convinced (Sorry, Mom) that Tom's is the best.  If you haven't had a chance to make it to this gem of a BBQ place, I suggest you do.  My buddy that was with me is from Chicago so he had high expectations on the hot beef sandwich, and couldn't stop raving about it.  Tom's BBQ --- if you love good homemade smoked and grilled goodness you'd be insane to not eat here!
2	Totally agree with another reviewer.  I've lived in Memphis which has sweet BBQ sauce or dry rub, Kansas City which has spicy sauce with a little kick, and Texas which serves savory BBQ and savory sauce.  I've eaten Carolina BBQ in the Carolinas for their vinegar and mustardy sauces.  I went to Chicago for their dogs and pizza, but Chicago doesn't have it's own BBQ.  Believe it or not though, this was not the worst BBQ I've ever had, but far from the best.  The sauce did have its own unique flavor, just not sure if I liked it or not.  It was different, had almost an Asian taste to it.  So, I probably wouldn't go back.  I'll keep searching for good BBQ in the valley.
3	Ordered a combo platter to go--rib tips and tri-tip.The rib tips are different in that there's no "rack" of bones... they seem to cut off the ends through the cartilage area.  Upside is no bones and a good amount of meat.  Downside is gotta proceed with a bit of caution as there are bits of cartilage in what looks like a chunk of meat.Sauce and flavour is pretty good--I have no idea whether it's authentic Chicago style or not.  But the ribs definitely did not have that slow cooked BBQ taste.But the prices are pretty affordable and the menu is big with pulled pork, sausages/links, chicken, fried fish, and fried catfish and some sandwiches, too.  I don't think I'll get more ribs here but the other things look like they're worth trying.Ambience is casual (at this site) but place is clean enough.
5	I only get out here a few times a year and am always delighted at how good this place is. The Italian beef rules!
4	I work pretty close so I go to Tom's all the time. Pulled pork sandwich and the No Bones About It platter are awesome. Not a fan of the rib tips though... Quick service and a decent price.
3	I'm from TX so I know good bbq and I thought this place was good but not to die for.  I don't think I would come back if we are ever in the area.  You order up front and the lady at the counter was nice enough.  Their restroom is kind of "hidden" which was a neat quirk.  If you live in the area or are in the area and want some bbq, definitely give it a try for yourself but don't come out here just for the food.  THat's my take.
4	Here's my take.  The BBQ is good.  I sampled the ribs, rib tips and the brisket.  The sauce, however, is average.  For me personally, it could use a little more acid (vinegar).  The hot sauce (not BBQ) is pretty good.The Italian beef is very tasty and the fried mushrooms and pickles are great.  My brother had the fish and chips, which seem odd at a BBQ joint, but he enjoyed them.  I saw a sign that said they have all you can eat fish and chips on Fridays.There's also some food challenge which includes 3 sandwiches and 2 fried sides.  Finish it and you get $32.  It doesn't seem that daunting to me, but it looks like there are only a handful of winners.
4	I have been at quite a few BBQ restaurants (originally from the south.) I found it be pretty decent! I have the pulled pork; it wasn't dry, the BBQ sauce was really good! It reminded me of the BBQ place I would go to back home. I would recommend this place!
4	When I was here two years ago I remember really liking the potato salad and the pie, especially the really good pie crust, but not being highly impressed with the BBQ sauce and rib. Today the whole thing meal wowed me. I got the BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich with potato salad on the side and all were delicious. The pulled pork was melt-in-your-mouth tender and there was a generous portion on the $5.99 sandwich. It was mild in flavor and not over salted. The BBQ sauce was not overly spicy nor overly sweet and was perfect on the pork. Even the pickle slice, while not very big, was delicious and top quality. I'll have to come back to try the Italian Beef and Catfish.
4	Ridiculously good barbecue. I ordered the two meat meal with brisket and rib tips with macaroni salad and bbq beans for sides. The Brisket and rib tips were excellent. Perfect smoke flavor, nice crisp "bark," and tangy sweet bbq perfectly coating the meat. The macaroni salad is amazing and the baked beans are good too.  I'm stuffed right now, yet craving more. Tom's is awesome. This is one great bbq joint, "no butts about it!"
4	Great BBQ, excellent service. Had a half rack of ribs and could barely finish it. Sauce is a little sweeter than I like, but no real complaints. I left full and happy.
5	Love it!  Now a new fave. Only complaint was that there seemed to be only one chick working the front, and it could have been more efficient/productive if she had some help.But the food is delicious, well worth the money.  Their BBQ is to die for, can't wait to go back!
4	I tried Tom's for the first time today in my qwest for tasty barbecue close to home.  I had a brisket sandwich with fries.  The brisket was tender and smokey.  I just happen to not be a fan of sweet BBQ sauce and Tom's sauce almost bowled me over with the smell and flavor of cinnamon or nutmeg in the sauce.  The only other sauce option appeared to be hot.  I would have scored this place better if there was another sauce option.  Other than that the establishment was clean and the staff friendly.  I would definitely recommend this to people who enjoy the sweet BBQ sauce.
1	The food was overpriced and not very good. The staff is rude, I ordered a sandwich with no peppers and it was smothered in peppers. I had been to the one on McKellips and was happy. The Country Club is somewhere I will never go again.
4	Excellent cafeteria tray style bbq with cool combos, good sauces, beer, and quality food. Can't go wrong with this authentic bbq
5	Have been going here for 4-5 years now and never had a meal that was not excellent. I used to have the BBQ but lately have been having the Italian Beef sandwich, which is also very good. Only issue is that sometimes they put too much sauce on it and the bread falls apart so I get it dry and dip it in the sauce myself.Curly fries are great but the serving is too big for me (wish they would sell a 1/2 serving which is still enough for 2 people. Their regular fries are also very good. Michele does an excellent job here and you will be happy with just about anything!
2	Sorry Tom. But this ones for you. It's all about the food and service for me. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with onions strings. Very friendly service at the register. I got my food very quickly. It was a Tuesday and kids eat free on Tuesdays! Love that. But when I got my food my pulled pork sandwich was super soggy, when you bite into the pulled pork sandwich it's a mixture of water juices and soggy bread with a load of BBQ sauce on 1 side of the sandwich. So I got myself some extra BBQ sauce and tried picking this thing up to eat it and it just falls apart everywhere. This is a sandwich you will most likely need a fork for. If you like licking your fingers and making a mess, go for it! The onion strings were good, really greasy and I would prefer needing to be a little crispier...but they were good. All in all the service is great very nice staff, very nice place.i will need to test out the brisket next.... And then the ribs. This is strike one, maybe they can make a home run with me next time.
2	I always enjoy trying new styles of bbq, this is Chicago style bbq! Being from Texas you get used just one style TEXAS! The location is in a strip mall a decent but not very desirable area. When I first walked in the place had interesting decor from the bathroom doors being a Pepsi machine! The wait was a little long to order at the counter but I'm a patient man. I ordered up the brisket sand which basket came w one side and a pickle for about $10. Little over priced but it did come w a drink. The brisket was served w a little fat which I like and the sauce was good. The  potato salad tasted pre made from a tub. I'd recommend trying the place once but not sure I'll be back as there are certainly better bbq in phx.
2	In impressed! 6/3/14 The staff were less than happy to see me. The sandwich was small and there is too much cinnamon in there sauce. The pulled pork was lacking flavor. Fries were ok.
3	BBQ is one of my favorite past times. The food here is pretty good but nothing to write home about. Maybe the menu is just too big or they have spread themselves a little too thin.Inside is decorated with all sorts of items from the Chicago area. The walls are covered with plenty to look at and they even have an old timey phone booth in the back section. Ring ring!Been here a few times and usually get some of the Brisket and possible a Hot Link. The meat is always tender and not dry like other places. The BBQ sauce is just a little too sweet for this bad boy. Would like to see a sauce with less stickiness per square inch. Maybe there is just too much molasses or corn syrup in there.They also offer a large variety of many of the Chicago favorites. Chicago Dogs, Italian Beefs, so forth and so on. Maybe I'll take the Dog for a walk around the block next time.Service is always friendly. Maybe too friendly. I'm usually in a hurry and sometimes do not feel like chatting about life's particulars. You do have to give them credit for trying. Some places just give you the stink eye and expect you to be happy.Going with an average score of A-OK on this puppy. Give them a try and see what you think. I'll probably be back again for one of their lunch specials. Maybe I'll bring my own sauce. WUZ UP!3.25 STARS
3	Everything is great except for the fried wings. The wings are very bland and have no flavor. The BBQ WAS Incredible, the beans, mashed potatoes, gravy, and oh the onion strings are incredible.
2	Food is just okay, I am from Texas where we know BBQ.   Here, you have to ask questions or you will buy the farm.  The ribs seem to vary in flavor, no consistency, and tough.  The mac & cheese is not good.   The online menu pricing was different at the lication.  Overall, I do not think I will be back.  This was not my first trip, but will be my last. Do not buy an online "voucher" of any type, they will hold you to every letter, restriction.  Soo sad.
1	I ordered the pulled pork and the cheap generic bread took away from a decent sandwich. I found this sandwich to be quite expensive and too small. In my quest to find the restroom, I pinched my fingers on the space between the lock. My finger turned purple and I was in pain the rest of the evening.  Do not plan to return.
5	Very good food! I am not sure why someone said on another review that the beans were gross. They are rich and very good. The fries are fresh. I got a pulled pork sandwich. I could not eat it all. My husband got a sausage sandwich and beans with potato salad. All was very tasty. I would recommend this place. Both of us ate for $22. Drinks and all.
5	Went back for lunch yesterday. As usual loved the fries and the Italian beef was so good that I took one "to go" for tomorrow. This time they had home made potato chips and they were great!Food is great and staff is excellent... thats  why I keep going back!
4	Oh I love Toms BBQ! Everytime we come to Arizona, we come by Tom's without fail. I personally love the pulled pork sandwich, and the spicy BBQ Sauce is on point.
4	I ordered toms for a Christmas party and they were very pleasant to speak with over the phone. I didn't feel the prices were overpriced and the service was great. One lady even walked out the to go order to my car, she was awesome. I have to say the best part of the food was the barbecue chicken. Get the chicken!
5	Awesome atmosphere. Bath too is hidden and fun. Menu is big. Lots of options. Specials are well priced. BBQ sauce is served hot. The best part is the food!!!  Absolutely AMAZING. Great smokey flavor.
