4	Typically a shop like this opens, has under (or incorrectly-overly) trained employees, and poor execution.  White Sage has been a "Coming-soon" for many, many months now, but the arrival is well met.  I always expect an overextracted espresso that tastes heavily of charred tree nuts, but was surprised to at least see the other spectrum.  I'm always afraid to be the first to try and review a place like this, because the awful coffee outweighs the good coffee, the world around; I'm blessed with not having to write a bad review for a brand new place!  This place opened the first week of April, so I fully expect (and hope) to see any kinks worked out sooner than later.Pleasantly serenaded by Guns N Roses, and not a generic coffee-shop-soundtrack.  Not tons of seating inside, which could be an issue in the summer.  Lots of outside seating, both in front and around the side.  Bike rack is a bit weak, but there are handrails and other things to lock to.Espresso was pulled between 20 and 30 seconds.  I was pleased to not have a scalding, burnt shot pulled for me, though I did feel it was a little cooler-temperatured than desired -- See: some fine tuning needed, but nothing major.   Taste was good though.  It wasn't overextracted, and full bodied enough to clarify it not underextracted.  I personally prefer a more American / fruity bean, but that's all preference.  White Sage uses a local bean roaster that has a bold, hazelnutt-y flavor.  I'd really like to see "to stay" cups, especially espresso demitasses.Three beverage tanks display and serve iced toddy, iced black tea, and iced fruit tea-infusionFood is available, and there are more items in the works.  Currently:Cinnamon bunsCarrot cupcakesRed Velvet cupcakesQuicheChicken salad sandwichThai tuna salad sandwich--Side dish: red potato salad--Side dish: edamame--Side dish: couscousComing soon:Cuban style pork sandwichRoast beef sandwichI look forward to the growth of this little shop.
5	I loved this little gem of a place.  I was welcomed warmly and the service was excellent.  The mochas were good and we were offered some food samples.  The Thai Tuna was yummy.  I love how they've decorated the place.  It's warm and homey and a nice place to hang out in.  I'll definitely be back.
5	Bacon quiche with a side of balsamic-marinated strawberries.  Iced toddy.  Bike rack.  Outdoor seating!  There are tables on the front porch, but also a lovely patio area around back.  Close enough to the office to bike over for a coffee break, too!
5	This little shop has FINALLY opened!! I live around the corner and have been anxiously waiting for the "Opening Soon" sign to change to "Open." I went in today to check it out and here are my notes:1. The front porch is adorable! Lots of hanging plants and a little table to sit at. It will be nice when the weather cools off.2. The husband/wife team that runs the place is really friendly. I was greeted with excitement as I walked in. 3. The eclectic, vintage furnishings are wonderfully arranged and create a cozy--yet clean--environment. There are also chandeliers throughout the dining area and they make for a nice environment. 4. The espresso drinks are just the way I like them. Made from locally-roasted beans, they have a great, bold taste that puts some pep in my step.So, whether you live across the street (like I do) or somewhere else in Central Phoenix, make sure you check out and frequent this amazing place. You'll probably see me there at some point because I'll be going back again and again.
5	I love finding hidden gems like this one! First time there I tried the  ice tea, coffee and a chicken curry sandwich! And enjoyed everything! The bread they use for their sandwiches was delicious!  The owners were adorable and genuine. They have put some amazing work into this place, the ambiance is incredible! Not a huge place, but nice and cozy. Will definitely be back:)
3	Love the atmosphere, what a quaint cool dive.  Love the location, I mean, who would of thought that a cool little coffee shop would be located in such an area.I had an Americano and it did not taste great but gave me the morning jolt I needed.  I'm willing to come back and try again.You should really stop in yourself and check it out.
5	Excellent. Had a great tuna sandwich.
5	This small shop is big on great coffee and friendly service! My kids are quietly working on homework while we sip on our iced drinks. The atmosphere is relaxing and cozy. I love the eclectic look and felt at home as soon as we walked through the door. Seriously, though, the coffee is fantastic. Locally roasted and internationally award winning, the beans are top quality, which you can tell with the first sip of any of their espresso drinks. I am definitely making this a frequent stop!
3	I was not a fan of the Espresso because I've had better (mind you, I'm VERY particular and hard to please in this area). But I'm giving three stars because the place is quaint and cozy and the lady that prepared my drink was SO sweet and friendly that I had to give that extra star. On top of the fact that I was not crazy about the Espresso, it is on the left side of 16th street going south (which is the way I go to work) so making a left turn for lackluster espresso is just not something within my realm of sanity.That being said, if it came down to White Sage or Starbucks, Starbucks can shove it!
3	I have been putting off coming here for a while because of the exterior and the Psychic sign on the outside. The combination was odd and off-putting for me.  When I actually visited the cafe, I was surprised. The inside was clean, though not super inviting. It didn't  feel comfortable enough to hang out in, but didn't make me immediately run for the door. I wish I could put my finger on it, but I think it the balance of light and texture is off.However, the iced coffee is excellent and the customer service was superb. I will give this cafe  another try with a friend next time to see their thoughts. I think it is worth trying, especially if you in the area. Is it worth a drive across town? Probably not.
4	I've always been pleasantly surprised by White Sage. The food is so delicately prepared and scrumptiously flavored. Today, I had the red potato, leek and mozzarella quiche with a side of sweet red grapes. This is one of the better quiches I've ever tasted. Probably one of the more memorable things about White Sage is the customer service.
4	Super friendly coffee spot!  VEGAN milks!!!!!  Yea!!!!!!  Almond, soy and rice.  The owner is very accommodating and the inside is nicely decorated...it's so peaceful in here and almost comfortable enough to take a nap!
4	I love White Sage. They are so friendly, they serve up a fantastic chai, and they are always trying new recipes. They are charmingly decorated and always host a good work session when I bring my lap top to cram. I recommend a hangout session there for sure!
5	I am very picky when it comes to espresso. I only like very smooth, silky roasts in my soy lattes, and this place has got it down to an art. They use plain soy milk (none of that vanilla crap) so you can really taste the espresso, and they have simple syrup on the condiment bar which I have recently realized is something to be thankful for, since most places are much too lazy to throw together some hot water and sugar for their customers (ahem, black cat and press...).The woman who is always working when I stop by in the mornings is amazingly friendly considering the horrific mood I typically find myself in prior to stopping here, since it's located conveniently just a few blocks from my office and I am always running late and am very impatient! She always whips up my drinks quickly and with a genuine smile, and on the few occasions when I've had time to chat she seems knowledgeable about the coffee they serve.I've also had the iced toddy here, which was alright but nothing special, especially when compared to the espresso drinks. My iced soy latte is a little over $4 which seems to be the going rate these days (compared to my other faves, Cartel, Jobot and Echo). I can't really speak to if this is a good place to spend time on your laptop or not, as I've only gotten my drinks to go. However, every time I've been (morning and afternoon) it has been completely empty, so I assume it would be a consistently quiet spot to get work done. Definitely the best espresso in this 'hood!
5	Super cute place, quaint with like 5 tables inside and a few on the patio. Free wifi. My iced chai was delicious, the guy working was super friendly and nice, and the food they had looked delicious. Great quiet relaxing atmosphere, will definitely be back!
1	Beware of incorrect hours: I have been wanting to try White Sage for a while... I went out of my way this morning to stop at 6:40am.  They weren't open.  Open at 6 am huh?  Someone oversleep?  Get between me and coffee in the morning and I am an uphappy girl.How do coffee shops make opening at 7am?  Maybe I will come back during bankers hours.
