2	I love this place and have been pretty loyal and consistant about coming here for oil changes and car washes, but lately they have been soooooooooo slow. The are usually pretty nice, but the Express Lube especially is ANYTHING other than express! It really should not take 90 minutes to get a oil change and car wash on a Thursday afternoon! The inside C-Store has lots of food and drinks options, but the one drink that I LOVE which is VAULT soda, they don't even carry. They use to, but removed it. I've asked for it back repeatedly, but I never see it. They have 500 different kind of drinks and I can't get a super basic Citris soda from Coca-Cola?! I lke the concept of Fabulous Freddies, but with as slow as it has been getting and the prices going higher everytime I come back, may just be enough to push me off to try something new.
5	Fabulous!!
4	This is my favorite Fab Freddy's in Vegas. The wait doesn't seem to be as long as the Boca Park location and it's much closer to my house. They have a really spacious waiting area including a Dunkin Donuts and a Roberto's. They have 2 computers, a big screen TV  and slot machines to entertain you while your car gets cleaned.
4	Love the convenience and happy people behind the counter! Its a good feeling and it makes me want to come back when the know me by name. It is also cool they have a Roberto's taco shop inside
4	The workers for the gas pumps are always on the move to help you and the fact that they have a Robertos Taco Shop was a super plus.
4	Since my last review I decided to up the rating here, they have really been improving in terms of speed, quality and selection. A representative from here contacted me recently and seems to really care about their buisness and customers, and that is always much appreciated. The lube center is much faster and efficient than they have been in the past, and the washes have been quicker too! This is always a great and trusted place to bring your car for a wash or basic services. Even the cashiers in the store are friendly and quick. They even have a service now where you can get an oil change and wash while you're at work if you use the Centennial Hills Park & Ride across the street, which is super cool! Great for people that ride the Centennial Express to work or carpool to Nellis AFB. Keep it up Fabulous Freddy's!
1	What a RIP-OFF!  I have a 2012 Honda Civic that needed an oil change. The price I was qouted was $77. The problem is Honda only charges $29 for the same thing. I can see you charging a little bit more but not $48 dollars more.This is ludicrous.  I have used your service for my company since you opened this location; however, with the prices you are trying to gouge us with,  I will not be using your company anymore.
5	Seriously, I love this place. I come here to get my car detailed and it is always a thorough job for an affordable price. Before discovering this place I didn't know you could get your car detailed (even the inside shampooed!) for less than 75 dollars. I can't remember exact prices but Freddy's is much cheaper than that. Also, even though I am ashamed to admit this, I will say I use the people they have available to pump your gas so that you don't have to get out of the car. Sad to say I have gotten that lazy but it's so nice to have someone do it for me for the price of a tip.
5	Just went in for a little gas and a carwash.  I've been to this FF many times, but it's been a while.  They seemed to have stepped up their game a little.  And rightly so if you want to get repeat business.The young girl at the gas pump was super nice.  Offered to pump my gas, and then took my card inside to pay for gas and my carwash.  Came out and handed me a receipt and was all smiles.  Actually made my day a little better.Took the Jeep around and the guys did a bang-up job on the basic wash with interior and tire dressing.  They spent a good 20 minutes after the wash, and when the guy called me over, he made it a point to tell me how hard he tried to get all the dust out of the vents and hard to get to areas of the dash, but if I wanted him to do anything else, he'd be happy to.Umm....it's a Jeep.  It's usually completely coated with a layer of tan, both inside & out.  I was thrilled with how great it turned out.  Considering I only wash the ride 3-4 times per year, this is my go-to spot.  Even if it's all the way across town!
2	Well all my friends recommend this place so I tried it.  20 bucks to run it through the machine after he lightly sprayed it with a hose.  Once it cleared the wash a dude wiped it down quickly.  Maybe the interior wash is more detailed but not worth $20 for the outside and quick wipe.
5	Loves me a good oil change and car wash. They've got a deal right now, three car washes and three oil changes for $99, like $75 savings.
4	Great employees and great service. I usually come here for the car wash and they always do a great job on my car. My only complaint is that the lane where you pay for your car washes sometimes gets a little backed up because they only have 1 person working out there. There is a Roberto's and Dunkin Donuts inside the store, so that makes it really convenient for someone to drop their car off and grab a bite to eat.
3	I've gone to this location twice. Both times getting carpets and seats clean. The first time I was not really impressed for the price they charge. However this time my car looked great, but I didn't appreciate waiting 2 1/2 hours for it though. I actually had one gentleman come up and day 'wow you're still here' he apologized for the wait and told me my car would be done soon. I'm not sure if I'll be returning.
4	This is right by our house and they've always been nice in here so we return because it's always pleasant service. There's a Dunkin Donuts and a 24 hour Robertos Taco Shop inside the mini mart area as well. I mostly end up here late at night for snacks and tacos more often than the car wash or lube service admittedly. It's rather busy consistently, but doesn't seem extremely long of a wait compared to some car washes. Lube shop wise, my BF prefers to go to the less busy Terrible Herbst though.As for the Robertos, it's fairly consistent food. I've only gotten donuts once as Dunkin is not open very late but it seemed fine to me. Short and sweet - decent place to get snacks, your car prettied, and to gas up.(Yelp 100 Challenge 40/100)
5	best service in town, pricey, but premo!  5 Star stuff here..
3	Friendly staff. Above average car wash. Average store selection.  Poor parking and space, very crowded and busy.
4	This is one busy gas station as it's the only one around to service a very large community so the pumps are usually crowded. However, when it gets busy, or maybe it's during certain hours, they will have some employees out there who will pump your gas for you without even having to leave your car. Also, there is a Dunkin Donuts there and a full service carwash which is reasonably priced. There is also a smog inspection and oil service station but I haven't been there yet. The employees are always super friendly and will greet you when you walk in the store which is nice. My only complaint is the lack of parking spots when it gets really busy, it's difficult to navigate with all the cars there, maybe they should open up another Fabulous Freddy's nearby??
1	Ive been to this Freddy's many times, but never did I receive the horrible customer service as I did today. (Keep in mind, i got the most expensive wash, i think $44.99, with some interior upgrade)There were some missed areas on my car that I didn't happen to catch while I was there. I had some soda that splashed over the better part of drivers side and had been there for a little while. I noticed that about 60% of the mess was gone, but the 40% left was rather noticeable. I also asked that they vacuumed the trunk of the car, which was forgotten. When I returned to Freddy's, the nice lady at the window let me go through the wash again and advised me to talk to Dan once the wash was over. Dan... how to begin, first everything that was wrong with the car seemed to be in someway my fault and he was very condescending. When I pulled into the detailing area he opened the passenger door and rudely asked me "what is the problem" I told him that there was the same mess on the side, the shifting column had coffee residue and the trunk was not vacuumed. He replied with "well can you open the trunk then so i can vacuum it" with the same snide tone. After the gentleman cleaned the door (same guy that did it originally) I noticed that there was still a couple spots left, but in the end he got it taken care of. Dan then asked me to take a look and "see if everything is OK now". When I was pulling away i happened to catch him say to the guy that cleaned the missed spots, "did you get the guys door clean" again in the same nasty tone. I am surprised to see someone that is in a customer service position be so rude especially when the mistakes were on their part and the wash cost almost $50.00. I will not be returning to Freddy's. Sad part is its only a block or two from my house and now i have to find a new place..
3	Whoever designed the parking area was either smoking crack or had no idea what was going in here. It's always busy so they must be doing something right. When I first moved here I thought I had struck gold. Car wash, oil change, 24 hour convenience store and gas pump right around the corner. Cool idea. Really convenient.  Well sort of.  Just can't get passed the mental exercise of getting in and out of there. Nowadays I just drive on by. No prob with the service and the staff is great. But just don't like having to fight to get to them.
3	I had my truck washed here. After I got through the washing area the manager asked me if I had any special requests. I asked if he could have the soap soaked out of the tail bed area. There were 3 people working on my truck at the same time. They tok care of the tail bed and then they did my tires and inside area. They did a great job and would have gotten a 4 stars rating if they were not on there cell phones the entire time they were working. I was there in all roughly 1 hour. Nice job Fab. Freds
5	I took my uncles hummer h2 here and got gas for $3.09 after I purchase a carwash at the pump (without car wash $3.29)on 11/13/13 and I even purchase the Full Service Best Wash for $40 and it include:*slip stream *wheel bling*weather shield*dash & console & 4 door Dressings*inside windows*vacuum*air fresher*48 hour clean car guarantee*triple foam polish*clear coat protectant*tire shine & rim brighter*undercarriage rinseThey did an excellent job and I told them I was going to home goods which is in the same shopping center and they told me the would call when they were done and they called me. They even offer a rewards program and you get a free drink after 10 drink purchases.I love these guys. I wish they had them In Ohio.
5	I love their full-service car wash.  You can get everything done here, and I think I'll start to.I got both of my cars washed the other night, and they did an awesome job.  You go through the car wash to get the outside sparkling clean, and then they do the inside while you get to shop inside.  I took my kid inside to get the all-important icee and had time to check-in too.  I'm going to use my check-in special for next time.They also do oil changes there, so I think I'll go.  You can really make a day of it at this place, and there's a lot of great shopping nearby to keep you busy while they work on your vehicle.
3	Love this place but absolutely hate the design of the place.   Always too crowded parking lot.  You have to fight for a pump or parking spot.  Convenient.  Got a car wash several times as recently as yesterday.  They need to pay more attention to detail on the inside.   You literally have to get in your car and inspect because if you don't, you will be made by the time you drive off.   Before you leave you have to make them redo your car. They will do it but you shouldn't have to do that.
2	Get ALL of the details on the car wash coupon deal BEFORE you purchase. What you buy is not what they describe when giving you the sales pitch. First thing this morning, we realize that some young punks with nothing better to do have gone around the neighbor hood and egged cars. They got both of ours, so we headed over to Fabulous Freddy's. I have been a customer of the FF Car Wash for years, but have never had a wash at this location. We roll up and the car wash gal tells us they are having a special. Get 12 car washes for the price of eight and today's is free. I pay the $92.00 for my eight washes, and get a coupon book for what I believe is 12 washes. WRONG! The book was for ten washes. Today's was not free, it was one of the 12. That still leaves eleven, right? Wrong again. Apparently the twelfth wash is mailed to you. I guess the problem here is the way it was presented. Kind of misleading. She made sure to push the Christmas angle and say they would make great gifts. Kind of hard to give it for a gift, if you have to wait for it to come in the mail.  The first wash turned out ok. However, when I took the second vehicle, the second wash was not so good. I didn't realize until I got home, there was still an abundant amount of egg on the bumper and back door. UNACCEPTABLE. I have never had a bad experience at Fabulous Freddy's until today. This location did not impress me with their first impression. This experience fell well short of Fabulous. I will visit again, as it takes a lot to get me so worked up I won't return, but I won't soon forget. Previous experiences keep me from leaving a one star rating.
2	I'm from Cali and I never had to drive through the wash myself even when it is on the conveyor belt! This was a new experience. I mean it's automatic anyways.... Why do I need to sit in my car through the drive. And it wasn't even hand washed! Just the beginning the guy washed my windows with a stick and that's it... The rest was machine wash!Then I had to drive myself to the drying station. Didn't know if I had to get out of the car or not. I waited inside the waiting area... They had about 3-5 people working on my tiny mazda. Saw that they were done with my car but no worker said anything so I'll just wait till they come and get me inside...The interior looks good and oiled up! The floor was clean but not clean enough! It still had dirt and shoe  prints (came from my Charleston). My rear window had their finger prints everywhere. The exterior was 3 out of 5 cuz my door handle was dirty. My side mirrors had water marks still. The window was still wet! Omg how can this be a detailed car wash!Paying $25 for the fabulous special...self drive car wash NOT HAND WASH! Not happy! Too expensive for the same price that I can get full 100% hand wash, detail and hot wax!
1	See my tips below! Is as just there I could of done better with soap and water myself then paying for this crap
4	Great quick service... Depending on who you get whether they pay attention to detail.  I always get VIP wash as I've got the more expensive ones and don't really see tooooo much of a difference.  VIP for $20 and if you check in, get an instant $3 off!
5	Love all the staff here!!! They r kind, fun and helpful!!! Emily is Seuss there with a smile!!I wish I could remember more of the others named because they really r great!!!I am there twice a day for my rockstarr and smokes and love the car wash too!! They even take off my antenna for me!!! I'm a shorty.... Thanks a bunch Freddy's staff!!!
3	I really wish there was a close alternative to this fabulous Freddy. When you pay $23 for car wash plus a $5-$6 tip you expect everything to be done. I'm not talking a full detail, but I expect there to be clean carpets and no streaks on the car and the windows wipe down thoroughly. I cannot understand why every time I go here I have to ask for these things to be done. And when I do, I get attitude from every employee including supervisors. On the positive side they are not thieves, as I've experienced at other carwashes around town and everybody for the most part is friendly and in a good mood. After specifying what needs to be finished, I do roll off the lot with a very clean car.
4	The staff is great! The gas prices are high but if you're getting a car wash make sure to sign up for their card and you get lower gas prices. Oh and don't forget that they are full sevice. Let the staff pump your gas on those hot days.
3	Always nice people here! Pretty fast full service carwash (even on busy days) comfortable waiting area indoor & out! Tv is always on sports Bonus!
1	Tried this car wash a couple times a year ago and was not happy with their service.  Today I decided to give them another try.  I got the highest level car wash which was $34.99.  I was reminded why I stopped going here and why I will never go back.  After completing the car and upon my inspection I discovered they didn't even vacuum the rear interior or bother to wipe the seats.  The manager was apologetic and had it redone.  I drove away without re-inspecting but looked at the back interior when I got a block away and was amazed they still hadn't  wiped the interior.  There was still dirt all over the seat trim.  I took the car back and they lazily whipped it down.  Still marginally clean I left in frustration and will never return.  I've talked to a few people today who say they've tried this car wash and were disappointed.  Don't waste your money or time here.
4	I chose the basic exterior wash for $9.99. It did a very good job but nothing fancy. They helped me sign up with their Freddy card right there, so that I could then get an additional $0.20 per gallon discount. Awesome! If I lived in Vegas, I would use it more often.
2	Their car wash service is good.  I've never had a problem.  There's always a hundred kids out there working hard to clean your car.  They did skimp on the air freshener for a little last year by handing out these crappy plastic sticks that did absolutely nothing, but after a few complaints they finally brought back the christmas tree air fresheners.  (really??  you make hundreds and thousands of dollars a day on your car wash service, I think you can afford to provide your customers with a decent air freshener)However, it seems as though every time you bring your car there now they are telling you how there is something wrong with your windshield.  A crack, a scratch, when there is obviously nothing there.  They've stated this my husband and I so far, in which my windshield had no cracks or scratches unless they were the ones to make it.  This hasn't just happened to us either, we have overheard them telling several other clients the exact same thing.  Insurances pay for windshields to be fixed for free, so beware car washers, they just want your insurances money.
4	Courteous staff and quick service.  Used the Yelp discount special and had car waxed for $20, not too shabby.  Third time at the location.  The store is filled with all sort ls of stuff, drinks, and food.  There is a donut shop and a taco place.  A waiting area with a TV, tables, and chairs are in the store.  Most of the car cleaning techs are on it. Although, they appear young and most are attentive and pay attention to wiping down the car. Others just are just talking too much and are not paying attention and miss wiping the car in places, esp. When wiping off the wax and windows. I will most likely come back as a customer.
5	I been going to Terrible's for years and years. I tried Freddy's because it was open (late) on Sunday, it had oil change and car wash, and it was near my dad's house. I gotta tell you, I would rather go to Freddy's than Terrible's. They really go out of their way to take any excess work/thought from you. Did oil change, they drove to car wash, and when I needed gas, they pulled car up to pump. All this in 40 min and I paid all at once (with coupons) after oil change. Too easy. A for effort.
3	Usually do a good job of cleaning the car. Staff is always courteous. Even when crowded, they ate fairly quick. My only complaint is the constant badgering for windshield repair. My windshield is fine! They hound me about this every time I come in. Otherwise, I would've given 5 stars.
1	I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED. Unless you would like to be yelled VIOLENTLY by their employees, then do not get a car wash here. The worst customer service ever! As I was sitting in the lane after you get the car wash, gathering all my belongs and my other concerning, I received a call on my phone. When I pulled up in the lane there was another car in front of me, so I figured I could get of my car and they would continue. Well when I was getting out of my car on my phone the head employee out there VIOLENTLY yelled at me "GET OFF OF YOUR PHONE!!!!!!!!" And throwing hand gestures at me. He was yelling at me I guess because I did not pull up one inch more than he needed... First of all, i was not driving and on my phone, I was sitting getting of the car on my phone. SECOND of all no one needs to yell at someone and demand VIOLENTLY. Especially in a business setting. If he was so concerned with me pulling my car up he a could of said excuse me or b done it himself. I WILL never go to fabulous Freddy's again because I will not be degraded by an employee-especially when I am paying customer. Isn't the customer king? I have already told many- and they do not feel like they will be going in the future either. Now I did call corporate and they were supposed to call me back to resolve this issue, but I never received a call back from then either. To leave it off, I felt like I was treated like dirt.Which is supposed to be wiped off my car. And as far as the car wash quality-I could take a wet rag and do a better job then spend 40$.
1	Charged $84.99 for hand wax, buff and polish, but did a lousy job.  Unpolished wax was left on my car.  Since the wax is white, it stands out against the dark paint of my vehicle.  The front of my car still had caked-on road dirt which would have been easily removed if they had really buffed and polished.  Also left sticky material on the outside of my windshield which I had to clean up after getting home.  Very sloppy.  Would not recommend this car wash.
3	Not bad to get your car washed here. A little hard to navigate the way its laid out. You come out of car wash and you have to go thru gas lanes. Doesnt make a lot of sense. They always try to say my windshield is chipped. I got a brand new car a few months ago and went here for a car wash. I had not had it for 2 days with 30 miles on it and they tell me my windshield is chipped and needs repair. Lol. Ease up on the upsell and windshield repair.  Its annoying.
4	Never had an issue with the car wash.  Poor design though,  When you exit the wash, you get jammed up in with the gas pumps.  The staff is courteous and the waiting area has free internet too.  The lube station is good as well.  I had one little issue that they immediately addressed.  I've been going here for years.  You can buy a coupon book that has the washes prepaid with a discount.
4	You get 20 cents off a gallon when you buy a car wash.  The cheapest car wash is great.  It's about $100 to fill up my truck whether I get the wash or not, so for the same price a wash is included.  The interior cleaning is just okay.  I think I paid about $20 for the inside and out basic wash.  I will just stick with the outside, because I am pretty happy with deal.
2	Got back from California and I wanted to get rid of all the dead bugs on my front windshield and bumper, so a car wash was a must. Went to Fabulous Freddy's bcos it was nearby and I saw a long line for the car wash, so I thought it was a really awesome carwash. (There's 2 placed on Spring mountain that will wash your car for $10 & another $10 to detail the interior. And that is an awesome job especially for the price!) Anyways, I wait in the car line and see what it is all about and all I want is a regular car wash that was $9.99 bcos I wasn't going to pay more than $10 unless they out do the the one on Spring mountain. & I didn't want the inside clean cos I recently tinted my windows. There's a bunch of teenagers cleaning your car. First of all, the bugs that died (RIP) were not removed off my bumper/front. Two, the Caucasian guy who hand dried my car did a half ass job bcos I watched him dry it and missed some areas. 3rd, he said he couldn't wipe my wheels bcos his fingers can't get in between areas. (I understand) but.. When I got to my destination, I checked them and they didn't looked wiped at all or they wasn't an effort to wipe them. Lastly, the them is "Fabulous." I picture smiles and whatnot. But nope- no smiles or enthusiasms was present. To top it allll off, when I got to my destination, I was told by someone that whoever  did my carwash did NOT do a great job. Whatevers, the car not being squeaky and fabulous bothered me that I cleaned the bumper and wheels myself. I hear that it depends on who's working though. But, the time I went, poor quality.
5	I'm very pleased with the cheapest car wash they had.  $10 was a good price with some hands on attention to detail.
1	So today I went to Fabulous Freddy's after needing a much needed car wash. I have been here several times in the past and always walked out a satisfied customer. I admit I haven't been here in about 8 months due to the free car washes I received at my dealership from oil changes/service. After rolling through the auto wash I was greeted by a gentleman who asked if there were any special areas my car needed extra attention. I told him I needed a good vacuuming (dog hair in the back seat, some in the front) and the interior windows (from kids hand prints). I noticed that it was quite empty as I'm used to being behind several cars, especially on a Saturday around 2 and it being a nice day. I noticed several lanes were empty and I pulled up in lane 4 and was the first car. Normally I block out at least 2 hours for a car wash because I have NEVER been out of there in under an hour and a half. I do not mind waiting since I have never had a problem and my car has always looked "fabulous" afterward. Me, my husband and 2 kids brought books and workbooks to keep us busy for the wait. No kidding... I didn't even get halfway through a chapter in my Game of Thrones book before I hear "Fabulous Lindsay your car is ready!" I look at my phone and notice it's only been 10 minutes. I then glance around the room to make sure it's the right "Fabulous Lindsay". Ok.... no one else here ... must be me.... pack up everything and head to this (what I thought was going to be.... time travel to a 10 minute amazingness fabulousness car washing) As soon as I look inside I knew this was a less than fabulous job.... I could still see dog hair everywhere, as in I'm pretty sure the vaccuum was never even turned on....... I mean it was EVERYWHERE!!! I asked the guy if he could go over it again because there are CLUMPS..... CLUMPS!!! My husband is grabbing it out with his hands and just dropping it on the ground at this point. The guy looks at me and says "no......" I then respond with "seriously?" he then said "You can pay $40 and they can shampoo it and vacuum for you"..... uhhhhh I just purchased the Freddy Special for 24.99 + Wheel Bling, which INCLUDES vacuuming and this guy wants me to pay twice for vacuuming?! Am I being punked? At this point I'm beyond frustrated, I hand him a tip anyway (in hindsight I'm punching myself for this) and leave. As soon as I get home I take pictures of my still dirty car and proceed to pout. Posted 7 pictures of this ridiculousness....
5	**UPDATE** After writing this review and also placing it on Fabulous Freddy's Facebook page, I was immediately contacted by Brandon from FF. He was extremely courteous and wanted to fix my issues immediately. I went back in to the shop and met with Dan (the other manager) and we talked about everything that happened on the first visit. He apologized profusely and wanted to fix everything and make sure I was 100% happy. They then took my car and re-detailed it and sent it in again for another wash. I have to say the customer service here is absolutely fabulous. They wanted to make everything right and went above and beyond in compensating me. I will continue to be a loyal customer here. Tip: If you have issues, best thing to do is contact them, they will fix the issue and make sure it doesn't happen again. Give them a chance to make right :) Thank you Dan and Brandon for being exceptional and making my experience Fabulous! :)
4	Took my Azera in for detailing.  The cleaning was pretty good.  The guy that did it was Matt. What made me write this review was one of their techs, Joey, stopped me as I was driving off.  He noticed a large 2 ft paint streak on my car.  I had assumed it was a permanent reminder of some unknown person hitting my car while in a parking lot.  He brought some solvent over and within 5 minutes had the 2ft paint streak off.  Very happy with the customer service Joey provided.  He could have let me drive off and saved himself the effort.  Price here is high, but the customer service made it worthwhile.
4	Much nicer lube service before they contracted to Valvoline. 4 stars because everything else is great. 0 stars for the lube shop.
4	Fabulous Freddy's does a mostly fabulous job washing my car. There is no shortage of washes to chose from here. I get a mid-level wash that gives me the spray on wax and weather protection as well as an undercarriage cleanse.  This is partly a drive-thru car wash and partly hand done. At the beginning of the wash tunnel is a guy scrubbing the bumper, wheels and windows. At the end is the high powered blow driers followed by some people to dry and further detail the car. Given the number of customers they get, the Freddy's folks are pretty quick. They vacuum the seats, carpets and floor boards. They clean the windows inside and out. They shine the plastics inside. They shine the tires. About 10 minutes or so later your car is mostly spotless and the four or five kids cleaning your car are on to the next. They work hard and constant and do a great job.
5	Haley was a huge help at the cash register and was able to quarterback the whole shop single handedly!
