4	Very likely my most favorite Hampton Inn ever. The perfect place for business travelers. In the lovely Southpark area of Charlotte, this Hampton Inn crowns the Phillips Place shopping center. And, oh is that a treasure trove of fun!!This is one of those Hampton Inns that is perfect for those on the sales route train (or, I'm guessing, any kind of business travel). Located in a convenient and bustling Charlotte neighborhood. Near the mall if you're into dinners or lunches at places like Maggiano's. The Phillips Place shopping center also boasts a Palm, a Dean & De Luca (why don't we have one of these yet in Atlanta??? Seriously.), a PF Chang's, and . . . some of the cutest little boutiques this little girl has ever found. Historically, I made myself decide pre-check-in if I was "allowed to shop." It's that good - from Luna to everything else, so many tempting pretties, and right outside my hotel room door!The type of service you'd expect from a busy and well run Hampton Inn, always good and reliable Internet service and a well-equipped business center if you need it - plus the whole place has an "exterior" that makes it look kinda like a mini White House. That's just what it has always made me think of, but whatever your impression I'm betting you'll find it a welcoming respite during any busy business or recreational trip.
4	We stayed at a hampton inn in concord one night, then this hampton the next night. This one was so much better, except for the room we were in. 602 made us both sick, it had a mold or something. The front desk was very courteous in moving us when this was mentioned and the 2nd room was very nice. Breakfast was delish. And the hotel is located in a very nice area, right next to southpark mall and right down the road from carowinds :)
4	Holy Crap! This is the nicest Hampton Inn I've ever stayed in.There was a TV in the bathroom mirror with a remote! What high-end hotels have this, let alone a Hampton Inn?!Other than that awesomeness, our room was spacious and clean, also with a nice flat-screen in the room, and a lot of TV channels. Free breakfast was great: there were a few hot items and make-your-own waffles along with the cereal/bagel standards.With the hotel's location, right in Phillips Place, you can walk to a few restaurants like the Dean & DeLuca wine bar, and a Pinkberry! Yay! There are also an array of high-end boutiques in the shopping center.If I was going to stay in the neighborhood of Charlotte again, I'd stay here for sure!
5	This is the best Hampton Inn that I have ever stayed in. We love the magic behind the mirrors in the bathroom. The management and the staff are fantastic also. If any of our family comes to town, this is where they will stay.
5	Lovely hotel. Big work desk to get stuff done on your laptop. High speed Internet. Pillow top bed so comfy. 3 TVs in double queen suites. You guess where the third tv is. Security safe in each room. Refrigerator, microwave, plenty of storage space, pull out couch (bed), and continental breakfast with SAUSAGE and waffles.  Waking distance to upscale shops, theater, restaurants (P.F. Chang crowded&wait).
5	WOW. What a nice hotel for the price.  The breakfast area was great with oatmeal, eggs, fruit, yogurt.  You can even make your own waffle.  Rooms are VERY nice with great beds and furniture.They even have sacks you can grab if in a rush with bananas and a breafast bar.TV in the mirror. TV in the mirror. TV in the mirror. TV in the mirror.Really cool.
5	Once again a Hampton Inn does not disappoint! This Hampton Inn & Suites at Phillips Place was beautiful and pristine! When we came in, there was someone playing the piano in the lobby! How welcoming! The staff member that checked us in was very friendly and informative about attractions in the area. Our room was spacious and elegantly decorated. The TV in the bathroom mirror was a nice addition. The TV in the room was set up to attach a PC/game system/DVD player. All you need is your device and the cable. Also, the WiFi is free! We were at this hotel for an extended stay (12 days) and I have to say that our room service was exceptional!! We weren't always up early and no matter what time we finally came out they managed to service our room and make everything fresh!! We have stayed other places that would skip our room if we came out late, but not here! The breakfast was great and there was something different most every day! The food service staff was very accommodating and friendly! ( We love the afternoon Otis Spunkmeyer cookies!) We didn't use the pool, but it looked clean and inviting! The patio area was charming and a great place for early morning coffee or late afternoon chats. I read some complaints about the parking, but we didn't find that to be much of a problem for us. We almost always found a spot around the back and used our room key to come in through the dining room area versus the lobby. No problem. AND the parking is free! There are several great restaurant choices within walking distance. During our 12 day stay went to Wolfgang Puck's Pizza Bar, The Palm, PF Changs, and Pinkberry for some frozen yogurt. Also, the movie theater was within walking distance. Also, there is a Whole Foods opening up right next door later in the summer!The hotel was beautiful, well equipped, quiet, and a great value! We loved the staff, the convenient location, and would highly recommend this hotel to friends and family! Thanks for such a wonderful place to stay!
4	Attended a seminar at this hotel recently and found it to be a great place for a corporate event. The hotel lobby is nice and ballrooms are well equipped for all sorts of meetings. The only possible problem is parking - it seems that could be a bit of an issue if there is a lot going on at the time of your event.
4	Pretty classy Hampton Inn. The overall decor and amenities are nice. The rooms are big and clean and comfy. The desks, as I travel a lot for work, are spacious and allow you to spread out your stuff. There are televisions in the mirrors! People here are helpful. There is an outdoor pool, perfect for summer months. The hotel is very close to lots of walkable restaurants and shopping. There is free coffee and sweet sweet cookies all day long. The wakeup calls are made by real PEOPLE, not automated devices.The downsides:-there are only two pieces of exercise equipment in the fitness room.-the business center has technology that seems to be from the 20th century (printers print WAY too slow!)-there is no hotel bar/restaurant. Just a free continental breakfast, which is GREAT, but it's one of those free continental breakfasts...Those brief downsides keep it from being a 5-star place, but it's probably not this one particular site's issue (except for probably the business center), these are probably  franchise issues. But I would return.
4	Very nice hotel. Had a King bed with a whirlpool tub. The best part was the tv in the mirror in bathroom. Hotel had complimentary tea, coffee and cookies. The reason I took a star off was because we prepaid with one credit card at a certain rate, and upon checkout were billed again for the night for a totally different rate. The front desk did finally take care of this. Also at breakfast there was no food ready and we had to wait about 15 mins. Other than that the hotel was very nice
5	I just came back from this hotel where I stayed 3 nights. I have to say, this is the best Hampton Inn I've ever stayed at. This specific hotel was so nice and looked very high end compared to the other Hampton Inn's I've been to. The staff was very nice as well. Awesome features like a TV in the bathroom mirror! The bed's were very comfy. The neighborhood was very nice and high-end with a lot of stores and restaurants nearby (a decent movie theatre at the opposite end of the plaza). You really do need a car to get around although I hear the hotel offers a shuttle within a 5-mile radius. Would definitely stay here again!
4	i have never been in a hampton inn this nice!  it felt like a much higher end hotel - also cost more than the typical hampton inn.  i had a 1st floor room, private patio with table and chairs, beautiful room.  the neighborhood is nice, can walk and shop and explore - upscale shops and lots of nice places to dine.only criticism is the fitness facility which was lame - 1 treadmill, 1 elliptical, 1 bench, dumbbells to 50 lbs.  no place to do situps, no yoga type mats, small and crowded room without a clock on the wall!
4	Both my colleague and I arrived at Hampton Inn & Suites to stay two nights.  He stayed on the 3rd floor and I was on the 4th floor, we both had magnificent suites.  I must say this is one of the best Hampton Inn's I have ever stayed in.  In fact, it was one of the best hotels I've stayed in.  The hotel location is conveniently located within walking distance of several restaurants and shops/boutiques.  There are also several businesses and a large mall nearby.  The hotel is 'grand' and the entrance is beautiful.  When I arrived to my room, I was very pleasantly surprised.  The updated open kitchen and living room combination were beautifully decorated and super clean.  The separate bedroom/bathroom were spacious.  The vanity near the bathroom even offered a built in vanity TV within the mirror!  We walked to PF Chang's Chinese Bistro for dinner, then walked over to Dean & DeLuca for a quick dessert.  Beautiful hotel with wonderfully convenient amenities.  The cost of the suites were high (we received a corporate rate), but very well worth the price.Cons - limited nearby parking and one of the front desk clerks was rude to my colleague during check-in.  This rating would have been 5 stars had it not been for that check-in experience.  Bottom line, this hotel is definitely worth staying at again!Cheers!
4	All the other reviews are true. This is one of the nicest Hampton Inns you will find. Very well decorated. Large beautiful rooms. Feels like a luxury hotel. The whirlpool and bathroom mirror tv are terrific touches. The staff was helpful and polite. It's in a terrific area with lots of great shopping and dining options. I literally have nothing negative to say about the hotel.However, the reason this isn't a 5 star review is because the night my wife and I stayed there, there was some kind of party going on at the restaurant right next door. They had a band that was playing ridiculously loudly until well past midnight. Needless to say, the incessant music did little to enhance what was meant to be a nice night out together.I hate holding this against the hotel as they had no control over it and the staff was very sympathetic, but it nonetheless significantly impacted our stay. I would recommend calling ahead before you book to find out if any parties have been scheduled, if that kind of thing bothers you. We really want to stay there again, and I assure you I will be calling.Excellent hotel, less than excellent experience. Too bad.
4	As you pull down the promenade and approaching the hotel, you pass by some amazing shops, restaurants and a theater within walking distance.  The first thing that I noticed when I walked in past the giant fountain was the free wifi in the lobby.  Although wifi in the room is limited, short and slow.  The entrance is bright, open in a colonial style with piano and complimentary coffee, tea and cookies.  TV in the bathroom.  WOW!!  Not only that, but curved shower curtain and tiled shower.  The Neutrogena toiletries are a good touch.  The bedding was very comfortable.  Always love a free breakfast, but is also a great grocery and cafe next door.  Overall it is better than your typical Hampton with some great little touches.
4	This is a fantastic, well appointed hotel, but with a very easy going staff.We'd definitely stay here again.
