5	Lux Patio prides itself in the quality of product and customer service. Each piece is handmade and created in house. An assortment of looks and styles to fit any taste and budget. This patio furniture will liven up any plain patio.
5	I found Stone and Iron Creations on Craig's List offering custom iron furniture along with two other "companies" and checked all three of them out. The first guy was actually selling iron furniture out of a storage garage, claiming they had end of season overstock they were blowing out. They had sunbrella fabric, but furniture quality clearly wasn't there based on thickness of the steel, no adjusters on the feet, and some iffy looking welds. Even though he said they could produce anything I needed, I decided to pass.My next stop was Stone and Iron Creations. Their store is downtown and not in the nicest area, and it is a small shop so easy to miss (look for the giraffes). I needed a lot of furniture and Ray, the sales guy, was very patient and accommodating, writing up and recalculating my needs. They had a great special on a couch and 2 chairs with thick Sunbrella cushions for $1100 which seemed to be a steal, and pricing on all other items seemed extremely reasonable. The quality was on another level from the first place - great job on fabrication (clean welds) and powder coat. Just to make sure I wasn't missing anything, I checked the third company Arizona Iron Furniture. They claimed they bought the right to use Iron Creations designs from them a few years back so had the same exact furniture. When I asked them to quote on my list, they came back with a 25% higher price! I asked them to match and they said they couldn't touch Iron Creations numbers but to beware because they changed owners. I went back to Iron Creations to finalize a deal, setting up a meeting with the owner, Joe. He was a really nice guy who was all about service. Lifetime guarantee on the furniture, 5 year warrantee on the Sunbrella cushions. He kept saying if anything was not perfect, they would immediately fix or replace it. He told me it would take 2-3 weeks to make all of my furniture. The price was too good to pass up so we made the deal. A week later, in my own insane mind, I started worrying that I had been taken. Joe was almost TOO nice, the store was in a rough area, and the price was really low for high quality custom furniture. Lo and behold, a few days later Joe called with an update on my order, all was on schedule putting me at ease. Joe called a few more times over the next few weeks to keep updating me which I loved. I can't remember the last time I bought something and had that kind of service. 3 weeks to the day after I ordered, they were at my house setting everything up. The furniture was beautiful! I paid my balance but was not able to really check everything out until later that night. I realized I had two issues. I did not like the way my 2 swivel rockers rocked (they tilted forward too much) and one of the cushions was missing ties. I sent Joe an email the next morning (Saturday) and he immediately responded, stating he would quickly build 2 new rockers and replace them in 72 hours. True to his word, he arrived 3 days later with 2 new chairs, picked up the cushion and had it back to me in 2.5 hours with the ties stitched on. Everything was perfect, and he told me that if I wasn't happy with anything else, he would immediately fix of replace it for free. I totally believe it and HIGHLY recommend this company!!!
5	When I was looking to buy patio furniture i looked at your typical Lowes or Frys patio furniture. I have friends that purchased this type of Patio Furniture and within a year or so in this Arizona sun it was already needing replacement so I began looking for an alternative. I found exactly what i wanted with Iron Creations.  High quality furniture that will last a lifetime, seriously! These sets are heavy duty and all of their fabrics are Sunbrella.  I loved the options that I had and there was never any pressure to buy. They also have a second location in Gilbert at Molino Home Furnishings who has been there for over 25 years. The staff at the store and the delivery guys were all very nice and professional. The furniture so far as been very easy to maintain and still looks great.  I highly recommend them for their outstanding service and quality furniture.
5	Wow!I had an idea and Joe made it  a reality!  Even though it was not part of the standard offering, he went out of his way to make sure it was perfect.  I love my new outdoor sofa!!
5	I have just gotten my custom furniture delivered personally by Joe and his family it is better than I expected. He is such a kind, honest and caring person and takes great pride in making exactly what you want. Joe helped us  bring our vision for the perfect yard to life. You can watch this video to meet Joe:http://youtu.be/PokNnc2meyE
5	After shopping for 2 years for patio furniture I came  upon Iron Creations. I was most impressed with their product, my son was along and he checked out the ball bearings used in the bar stools and said they are what I should have. I was a bit unsure of buying from such a small company. I did go across the street to their competitors only to find the same product but a higher price. The owner, Joe was very nice and accommodating. I brought my husband back a few days later and they worked with us and our measurements. We got a beautiful custom made high top table and 4 bar stools for less money than the big box store. I believe the quality of this set is wonderful and will last us a lifetime. It was refreshing to work with people who are truly interested in getting you the product you want. It was an added bonus to pick our own fabric for the cushions. They have many patterns to choose from. When they delivered the set we did have a few problems.. the cushions were not wide enough and we didn't care for the finish on the tabletop. I called Joe and they delivered a new tabletop and wider cushions within 1 week! Great customer service! I plan on going back to order more pieces. Diane
5	Joe was extremely helpful and is the type of business owner that really likes to wow you. He really cares about how happy you are with the outcome of his work. I've only had the pieces for a month or so, but they seem like they will be very long lasting in direct sunlight.I shopped around and got multiple estimates. Iron creations was the most economical of similar companies in town, however I actually bought from Joe mainly because he had some great ideas to revive other pieces of furniture I currently owned. All in all, great supplier/manufacture of quality furniture.
2	Disappointed with the customer service. Received furniture 2 months ago. It was delivered with a stained cushion and wrong size table. Have been told for two months I would get the pieces corrected. Can't get a call back from anyone .
5	The service and products here are top notch.  Don't waste your time shopping all over town. Joe and his staff have this figured out. They create superior quality patio sets themselves that are built to last in the harsh AZ climate.  They have great styles to choose from or you can go full custom. The best part is picking out your own frame materials and fabric so that you create something unique to suit your home and style. The combination of quality, price, and service is unbeatable. You are in good hands with Joe and his team. I can't wait for delivery of our custom Grande New Yorker set. Thank you, Joe.
5	Wow!  Our steel cabana/canopy bed, Kama del Sol, was delivered today!  Joe and Nina are amazing!  It is beautiful!  These guys are artists.  We ordered the large fireplace today.  Their products are heavy, well made, and last forever.  We will never buy outdoor furniture anywhere else.  Thanks, Joe!
5	We moved to a new house and needed a bunch of patio furniture since there was  decent amount of space. Right from the start these guys were great to work with. The location was odd but after walking in they took great care of us, they showed us all our many options, and allowed us to choose exactly what we wanted while offering professional insight and suggestions.We have all the stuff now (dining chairs, club chairs, a couch, bar-stools, and a double chaise lounge) and it is all terrific and looks great on our patio. Everything was fit exactly to our needs, right down to being able to choose the fabric of the cushions and pillows. Plus the price is amazing, way better than anywhere else. Don't waste time, just go see Joe and Ray.
5	Great place. Stumbled on to it and glad I did. Looked at several other places. I liked the quality of the furniture and Joe made me a great deal on some floor samples and delivered that day. Highly recommend
5	This is a family owned business and everything is 5 stars from start to finish! Ray and Joe really know how to take care of their customers. Their craftsmanship is impeccable, copied by other competitors, but the quality is no where near what you'd get here. They manufacture all pieces themselves and have a seamstress on hand to make the cushions out of Sunbrella fabrics. The communication was great and we even got our new furniture weeks before we thought. Ray and Joe made us very confident in their products and we will be back!
5	These are good people!Joe built me custom furniture to my spec, ordered the fabric that I wanted from a vendor that he had never used. The best part is we did all of our business over the phone.Iron creations builds good, solid furniture at a fair price.
5	We just had our new patio furniture delivered that we purchased from Joe and Ray at Iron Creation...and I. Love. It.  Ray was very patient and helpful when we visited their showroom about 4 weeks ago.  He helped us look at different set combinations, measured the dimensions of each set, and worked to assist us in finding the perfect set.  After much agonizing over different fabric options, we found one that worked for both my husband and I.  I couldn't be happier...see the picture of the orange pattern set. The ottoman is reversible with the gray striped pattern on the pillows being the fabric on the other side.  Thank you Ray and Joe!  We highly recommend you.
5	Wow, I have been looking for patio furniture.  I looked at Costco, American Home Furnishing, and on the internet. i was driving down Washington St. near downtown Phoenix and saw this amazing furniture on display.  It was in front of this furniture manufacturing store call Iron Creation.  Come to find out they custom make patio furniture to your liking.  I met this very nice gentleman name Joe.  He showed be me different type of furniture around the showroom. Wow, he had some nice stuff.  We discussed a custom set for my outdoor patio area.  He custom made the design, fabric and the pillows.  The price was amazing.  He gave me a smoke in deal. I bought it.  He even delivered it. If you want a classy, quality  and well design patio furniture you need to go by Iron Creation.
5	I bought 6 bars tools, an outdoor dining table, and six chairs from Joe at Iron creations.  His craftsmanship is spectacular, his product delivery and production timely, and the final product both cost efficient and beautiful.  While none of his products are "cheap" (go to Costco if you want cheap), his workmanship is masterful and his products are strong, sturdy, and gorgeous.  And his prices are much better than his custom creations competitors.  I highly recommend this store and its products.  Thanks Joe!!!
5	We recently purchased three loveseats with a coffee table and a dining table with two swivel/rocker chairs, three side chairs and a bench seat for our new patio.  It is truly beautiful and top notch quality!  Everything is custom built to your specs and the array of Sunbrella fabrics available is expansive.  I could not find anything remotely as nice as this for the prices found with Joe at Iron Creation.  I looked everywhere... online, Costco, Lowes, Home Depot, other custom shops and could not beat Joe's prices for such amazing product.  My only advice is for you to go in with a good idea of what you need... we weren't very knowledgeble and there were corrections made after the fact to get exactly what we wanted.  Joe was very easy to work with on making sure we were satisfied with the finished product.  We spend more time in our outdoor living space than we had even imagined.
5	Great friendly and professional service.  Joe and his staff turned around my project in a fraction of the time I expected. Great quality sunbrella fabric and craftsmanship. Thanks again Joe
5	Joe, Charlene, and everyone at Iron Creations not only make a superb product, they are extremely professional, friendly, and fun. Joe and his crew rushed my order and I had it in time for Christmas!!! We love the quality and durability. Truly this is the ONLY PLACE to buy furniture!
