5	I was introduced to the Healing Touch through a fantastic Groupon deal.  Retta is a highly qualified massage therapist.  She was responsive to my requests and tailored the massage for my specific issues.  Many times massage therapists just go through the motions and do not respond to the the muscles they are massaging.  Retta clearly new what she was doing and was able to help me.  The Healing Touch is located directly off the Parkway within a two minute walk from convenient parking, not to mention public transit.  I recommend you giving The Healing Touch a try.
5	Retta is knowledgeable, intuitive and strong.  She gives a great massage.
1	I made an appointment 3 weeks in advance when I was texted after I leftA voicemail. It took a couple days to schedule as the woman, Retta, forgot her appointment book one of the days. When I showed up to my surprise it is looks like it would be a closet...right beside the elevator, no window, an office right next door that looks to take up most of the right side of the building. I gave it the benefit of the doubt and tried to open the door to go in...locked. Okay I think it's just one lady named, Retta. So I waited since my appointment was at 5 and it was 4:45. Around 4:55 I lightly knocked, nothing. I gave her a call and she didn't pick up. At this point I really had to use the restroom. I waited until 5 and knocked normally so that it would be heard. I sent her a text touching base and asking for the bathroom code. Around 5:05 I knocked again. 5:12 I called again and left her a voicemail letting her know I'd been waiting and would wait another 3 minutes before leaving and contacting Amazon local for a refund. I asked a few people if they'd ever been there and go the responses were all no. A few people I'd run into on my way knew where it was as they pointed it out to me. Around 5:15 the same men came back around and one knocked very loudly for me and they found me the bathroom code, thank god! So I come back at 5:20 and knock one last time. I left and have not heard from Retta and it is now 5:40. I'll be reaching out to Amazon Local for sure.
3	Retta did contact me via text at 5:45 (45 minutes after my scheduled appt and 20 minutes after I left) and apologized and noted she would gift me a one hour massage. I let her know I had a 90 minute massage and reminded her that I made my appointment 3 weeks in advance. The next morning she sent me a text saying she was retiring in 2 months and her health wasn't good. She told me she would refund me the $50 if amazon wouldn't and also send me a $100 spa finder gift card. I did receive the gift card and it was post marked Sept 11th, the day that we spoke about the gift card. I have a friend who has an appt on the 20th, so we will see if Retta let's her know if she can or cannot make her appointment prior. I do have to give Retta 3 stars for her effort to make it up to me, but had I not been on my way home from work I would be beyond furious!!!!
