2	2 stars because let's face it, like half the bars on southside, this place is a total dive.  but a friend of mine jogged a memory of the green front, and I had to share.back in college (duquesne) I worked around the corner at unique pizza.  and after work, i'd hurry home to change and head over to the green front where predictably I'd find my "crew" of college buddies waiting for me.  we were young and loud, and as the average age of patrons here was around 60, we totally took over the bar.anyways, we built up a good rapport with the owners, and with the bar tenders, and I'll always remember that they knew my drink.  so that when i walked in the door, and hugged all my friends, there would be my double jim beam on the rocks with a splash of soda, waiting for me.i miss this place.  they always had really good dinner specials.  i remember eating their club sandwiches and loving them.  they also used to do great kelbasa and sourkraut during stealers games.  good times at the green front inn.
1	Disgusting. Zero stars. Owner is extremely rude. Employee didn't wash hands as he left the bathroom. The place was dirty. And the food was terrible. Rubbery burger tasted like a frozen burger, I guess that explains how they couldn't cook it medium.
5	This is one of the best places in South Side! Not only is it cheap, but the food is amazing! The menu is huge! You can have anything from a homecooked meal or a burger and fries. Their onion rings are to die for! Also, their fish sandwiches are very popular. This place has been around forever and I can see why. Try their breakfast! Five bucks for bacon, eggs, potatoes, toast and coffee!
5	This is a very great place to go. I've been eating here since I was born pretty much. The food is delicious & the staff are all wonderful.
3	Dive bar and greasy spoon like only Pittsburgh can do it. The food and ambiance are exactly what you would expect from such an establishment.  If you expected more and didn't get the gist of this joint walking in, that's your fault.
4	Friendly, divey, cheap and delicious.  I paid $22.55 plus tip to feed 3 people. A great deal. Nothing fancy here, but you'll get good service and a good meal. Portion sizes were great and everything tasted fantastic. My grilled chicken breast was flavorful and well-cooked and my brother received 8 buttery, delicious pierogies instead of the promised 5 at no extra charge.  The seafood platter my husband ordered was enormous and filling. Stop in for an affordable delicious meal.
2	I was generous with a 2 star rating only because they have 2 good bartenders and its a good place to grab a quick six pack. However, the manager is rude, the food that was once decent is now terrible (I've recieved food with hair in it, and have waited over half an hour for half a dozen wings that made me incredibly sick.) Also the crowd they attract isn't a good one. It's hard to walk in to get a 6pack without someone trying to pick a fight. I try to avoid this place. Also a waitress tried to argue that creamy italian was ranch. No, it's not.
5	This is a great place to grab a quick bite to eat. The place doubles as a bar up at the front and a unique sit down family restaurant towed the back. As far as the bar goes, the drinks are super cheap, and they have 40s to go at the cheapest price on Carson St. The bartenders are always friendly, and ready to mix up your next favorite drink.The food like is super good, known for their deep fried fish sandwiches, all of it is home made. I personally love their clubs and Reuben sandwiches. The place always has great food specials, and the family owned staff is always super friendly and ready to serve. The food is also super cheap compared to other bars in the South Side. They could definitely up their prices 20% and still be reasonable. Only negative thing I would say about this place is it needs updated a little. Lose the old paintings on the wall. Haha
5	Updating my review to be more "elite fancy."The Green Front is truly a South Side gem. One of the oldest establishments in the neighborhood, the bar/restaurant still provides the same delicious food and friendly service that it did years ago. Divey? Yes. But that's not exactly a bad thing, is it? The older decor (though they're constantly making small renovations) gives it a very homey sort of feeling and makes you very comfortable. There's nothing I love more than bar food (as I mentioned in my previous reviews) and the GF satisfies my craving and so much more. They not only have your basic chicken tenders and burgers, but home-cooked meals you rarely find like stuffed cabbage using "mom's" recipe. For less than $10, you can fill yourself with a drink, meal and dessert. You can't find deals like this anywhere! Next time you're in the South Side, try it. Look out for their specials as well. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
