5	Growing up and spending my most of my life in San Diego, Ca, I became accustomed to fine "Hole in the wall" Mexican food. One of my greatest disappointments upon moving to the Valley, was not being able to find the same quality of carne-a-sada burrito, quac, and salsa that I was used to. And then I found Herreras...Pretty much the only thing I get here (because I'm a creature of habit and it's sooo good) is the Carne-a-sada burrito and a cheese quesadilla w Guac on the inside.  In fact, I've ordered it so often, this combo is now a "secret" item on the menu...all you have to do is ask for the "TN Special", the ladies there know what it is...it'll run you about $10 plus a drink cost, but it will also fill you up for the rest of the day!Great service, great food, makes me miss San Diego just a little less...
3	Decent Mexican food. Best thing open 24 hours!! Egg chorizo burrito is pretty good.
5	I have eaten here at least 50 times. Normally get an Arizona burrito with a side of guacamole. It has everything you need. Meat cheese tortilla potatoes and guac! I have never had a bad experience here, except that time they forgot my guac! Yes I was distraught... But I still had a burrito. Super nachos are good as well for those late night after bar times. Better than filibertos IMO.
4	Herrera's is probably better then every mexican food joint in its category. I'll even go as far as better than most fancy mexican restaurants. The 2 things that keep me coming back are 1.) consistency - the food is always great, they literally never skip a beat.2.) I'm a clean freak, and let me tell you they keep their restaurant CLEAN.
5	Herrera's is better than alot of other Mexican food places in the area and their one dollar bean burrito Mondays are very good in the burrito and on the chips.
5	A fine example of authentic Mexican food. Great place to go if you have a hell of an appetite as the servings are plentiful. Sides of rice and beans giant burrito and the beverages are great!
4	Ohh yea. Im a sucka for chip and salsas. Yummmm. I kept going back for more chips. Hehe :)  this place is just any other mexican restaurant. But if course I came during lunch time, not after the club after 3am for the munchies. Haha.THE BEAN and RICE was so tasty.  Idk what and how they cook their rice, but it has some kind of sweet pure taste to it. I don't even care. I like it :))
5	Short and simple the staff are nice and friendly, really great food, and the place is always clean. Probably the greatest Mexican restaurant in Peoria.
1	Not sure why everyone is raving about this place.  My husband and I just moved into the area and we were looking for a good place to enjoy good breakfast burritos that had a drive thru. We read the reviews about this place and assume we couldn't go wrong.  Boy was that a mistake.  I got the potato, egg and cheese and it was so dry the only thing that made it edible was my homemade salsa.  My husbands chorizo burrito was so overcooked that it was inedible.  Why was shocking because I have never seen him put food aside no matter how bad.  We couldn't believe that they would put out food that was such poor quality.  He works in the food industry and commented that if one of his employees ever served food that bad he would fire them.  Instead of going back and giving the manager an earful we decided we would never go back.  We just realized that we read all the great reviews and were burned so we decided to write an honest one in case there are any people with standards looking forward to a great meal, so they aren't greatly disappointed.  That is the least we can do for fellow foodies.
5	First time there Monday to take advantage of bean burrito. Service was fast, tacos were delicious, burritos fabulous. Just  one mile from home. Free chips and salsa while your order is being cooked. Will definitely return. Every day they have a special price on menu items.
1	Use to be real good but they can't even get my order right it's the 6th time there's a Juliabertos right up the street on 75th and cactus much better service and good Quality and will replace  messed up orders
2	I stopped buying their breakfast burritos because they jacked up their prices to one price $4.99 only and if there is a woman cook she makes them too small.  They also started adding water to their refried beans and guacamole salsa so you don't get what you paid for.  Who pays for small, watery bean burritos and liquidy guacamole salsa.  It's a ripoff!  I only buy their Monday - Thursday Specials.
3	The food is good. well your typical fast mexican food. But you need to watch what you order because a combo can cost more than if you piece your order. for example the# 22 combo witch is a the meat to carne asada they charge $2 more. if you order the carne asada chimichanga by itself its only $0.81 cents difference than the beef or chicken. So just be carefull guys. the cashier gives you old we do what the customer orders excuse.!
4	Open 24 hours. My wife and I have always got good food, and service here.Herrera's is less than 1/4 mile from our house. They have a few tables in the restaurant but most of their business it drive through and take out. Their burritos are plenty for one person to eat if you are hungry and enough to share if you are not. I enjoy coming here because the food is good, people friendly and this is a locally owned business which I prefer.Give them a try! You will be back.
3	Their Mondays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays specials are still good and the prices went up from $1 to $1.29 or $2.09.  Mondays are bean burritos, Tuesdays are 3 taquitos w/ cheese, both at $1.29; and on Thursdays are cheese quesadillas at $2.09.  They have thicken the refried beans a little which is much better than bean soup.  The prices of their breakfast burritos are still overpriced.  Everything else is still expensive but some of the food is still good.
