3	Off the freeway and near the theater is Havana Grill, a Cuban-style restaurant that offers free salsa lessons on Sundays and live music on Friday and Saturday nights.The BF and I went there for dinner last night and I think it's fair to say, this was my first Cuban experience.  Of all the Cuban-style milkshakes ($4.95) to try, the guanabana was recommended and it was a fabulous choice!  It was sweet, not overly milky, and a nice finish to my dinner.  The BF tried their version of the  Caipirinha (Cachaca, a Brazilian Rum, simple syrup and limes) $7.95.  Some buttered press-grilled bread was placed before us in a basket as we perused the menu.  For our aperitivo (appetizer), we tried their Mini Sandwich Cubano $6.95.  It's a smaller version of their Cuban sandwich and it's made with tender roasted pulled pork, sliced ham, cheese, dill pickles and mustard on Cuban bread.  It's then press-grilled and served with mariquitas (fried thin green plaintains) or french fries.  It also comes with a garlic lime dipping sauce.  Don't be foolish and get french fries now, go for the plaintains for sure!  Thus far, our experience at Havana Grill was garnishing a 4 star and I was excited about our entrees.  The BF had their Boliche Mechado ($14.95), which is slow-cooked roasted eye of the beef round, stuffed with chorizo (Spanish sausage).  It's served with white rice, black or red beans, or moros.  He had them with moros.  The dish was luke-warm and lacked flavor.  If anything, it had an odd plastic wrap aftertaste that didn't fare well.  Same with the moros.  The BF ended up dousing the whole thing with hot sauce.  (I should mention that the waiter commented that this was his favorite dish, so I can only imagine his horror when we covered the whole thing with hot sauce!)I tried their version of the Lechon Asado ($14.95), which is leg of pork that is slowly oven-roasted and marinated in a mix of lemon, garlic, lime, orange juice and spices.  There are also onions that are mixed into this dish.  I had this with white rice and red beans.  Although my pork was also luke-warm, it was tender and not dry at all.  It had a lot more flavor that the other dish, although my red beans need some kick as well.Overall, we were more impressed with our Cuban sandwich than our entrees.  Service was okay.  The waiter did come by often to ask how our meal was, but we did have to request that our water glasses be refilled.  Although they didn't advertise that there was live music on a Wednesday night, apparently there was a group practicing that evening.  It might be too loud to carry on a regular conversation when music is being played.  But then again, we figure we might come back to try out their free salsa lessons and grab some other apertivos instead of doing dinner.  Salsa anyone?Sidenote: "The Las Vegas Weekly" offers a BOGO free entree coupon (up to $15.00).
3	In progress...CroquetasJB: Sandwich CubanoGA:  Lechon Asado, MojitoGreat live music and dancing.
4	I'm so full I don't know what to do. I just ate more than I should have. Luckily it was so good, and really pretty healthy that I don't feel so bad. I got the pounded chicken with lemon and other yummy spices. With an appitizer of little mini cuban sammies and it was a meal. Then I just couldn't pass up a bite of homemade flan. Now you know what kind of horror I'm in for. Ugh, oh well it was so amazing that I can't wait to go back to have some more of that yummy smashed bread and another mojito and try another entree. SO YUMMY!!!!!
4	Great Cuban sandwiches and Mojitos. The outdoor patio seating is fun, because you can make fun of all the weird little kids hanging around in front of the movie theaters with their pants hanging off, and their hoods on, even though its 118 degrees out...Not that I'm judging them. I have one of my own at home (kid, not a hoodie).  :)  I have been there several times and usually get the mini Cuban sandwich, and Plaintain chips. They have a name, but I cant remember it unless I am looking at the menu. The menu is quite extensive, but if your drinking the mojitos, and I recommend it, you wont need much to eat.  And the more you have, the weirder those kids get...:)
5	Awesome arroz con pollo y frijoles! nice mojitos, friendly staff, good ambience and live Salsa music. Increible!
4	Came here because friends found it on Yelp and wanted to try. We went for Sunday lunch and lucky us! Everything was 50% off. (I think the deal was 50% off everything Sunday-Tuesday or something like that.)They started us off with bread - slickity buttery bread but oh so warm. They kept it coming too, which is always a plus in my book. I ordered something quite expensive - some pork dish marinated in citrus with yucca smothered in cheese. I couldn't taste the citrus-ness of the pork, the yucca was sooo good but really oily, and let's just say cold cheese isn't exactly tasty either. But pork was really tender, and the moros was delish. I tried some of my friends' foods and they were really good, so I probably just ordered wrong. They also had quite a bit of food for vegetarians (half of our group were vegetarians). Service was pretty prompt with the water and the "how's everything going" checking. Overall, I could really see myself going back here and giving it another try. Needless to say, the 50% off price didn't hurt either. =)
2	I love love Cuban food so I was thrilled that there was a place so close to me.  Unfortunately, this place was a big letdown.  I've gotten food here twice and both times were mediocre at best.  I ordered the cuban sandwich the first time and the fillings looked as though they were just thrown in.  And they forgot my fries and when I asked for them, I got a side of cold, limp ones.  Next time, I got the lechon asado and it was really fatty (I know this isn't a lo-cal dish, but there was almost more fat than meat), the sauce was really bland (couldn't even taste the bitter/sour orange) and the onions were cooked until they were mushy.  Also, the servers weren't very friendly during either visit (big negative for me).This is very sad since I was really hoping for the best for Havana Grill.
3	I started off with a Saoco (silver rum, coconut juice, simple syrup, lime; $7.50). It just tasted like a non-minty mojito. All of my guy friends got different mojitos. We all took our first sip and cringed. "Too sweet," was the consensus. I looked over at the bar and my suspicions were confirmed: girl bartender. But still, the drinks were good. Didn't stop us from ordering three more rounds. I also got a Cuban milkshake. My Cubano friend recommended the guayaba and guanabana mix ($5). He said the flavors separate are shit. But with their powers combined are mighty yummy. Might yummy indeed. I can't describe the flavor accurately. It was kind of cakey, but still tropical. Maybe a little banana-ish. We ordered the tostones. They're like little griled plantains with cheese and your choice of meat: shrimp, ground beef, or shredded beef. We got the Mezcla de Tostones ($11), a combo of all of the meats. They were okay. I ordered the Camerones al Aljillo ($19). A bit pricey for garlic shrimp. It was good, but with a recipe like shrimp, garlic, and butter, it had better be good. Cubano said the food was authentic and made him nostalgic for his madre's home cooking. I'll have to take his word for it. The service was a little slow. It was nice when we wanted to just sit around and shoot the shit, but not nice when we wanted to order another round or get the check. Havana Grill has live entertainment late on Fri and Sat nights and free salsa lessons Wed night. * off the strip, non-casino
5	I love this place. Their food is delicious. FRICASE DE POLLO CON PAPAS A LA HAVANERA is my favorite dish. I also like their cuban sandwich. Their rice is also very good. I like their banana chips too. On the weekends before, they had live band performing and salsa dancing at night time. The service is friendly and atmosphere is nice too. It's now 30% off at lunch time.
4	Nice place, check, good mojitos, check, check, good service, triple check.  Aaaand they play live music after 11pm and have room to dance on Fridays.  Lechon Asado, mmm, yummy.  Fried yucca (manioc/casava) with mojo, even yummier.  Paella, very good.  Great time, great looking restaurant.  I'm a happy camper.
4	I love love love this place.  We just came here for drinks, and I'm so glad we did! The Mojitos were perfect and the bartender was giving us samples of different flavors of Mojitos and offering suggestions from the menu.  I ended up ordering a salad which was pretty tasty...I can't wait to come back and try other things on the menu.  The atmosphere and music were perfect, and there was a hot guy smoking a cigar and drinking a Corona...it just looked right!
2	After reading some of the other reviews, I see that my mistake when visiting the Havana Grill was that I did not drink that evening. You need to drink the mojitos if you come here. Drink several before you order. Then perhaps you will not notice that the plantains are hard and cold, and that the service staff, though very courteous and amiable, are poorly trained and don't really get the basics of how to provide restaurant service. Maybe it was just the night I was there.The atmosphere is lovely, though. Except for when the busboy was vacuuming the entrance way.
4	Going off the strip in Vegas, you'll find a lot of restaurants especially in the same complex as Havana Grill.  There is apparently life outside of Vegas.  Naive me!  In this complex, there are restaurants that offer Lebanese, Vietnamese, Chinese, and other cuisines, especially Cuban.  We decided to go Cuban and what a find this place is!I ordered number #73, which is some chicken dish topped with caramelized onions, served with moros (rice combined with black beans).  I ordered this because I looked around and saw a rice and chicken dish and since my wife was ordering the chicken & rice dish, I didn't want to order the same thing.  I was glad I ordered this one because this is a very very good dish.  The chicken was very flavorful and tender.  The rice mixed with black beans is a unique dish and has excellent flavor.The arroz con pollo (chicken with rice) dish however, was a major disappointment.  The chicken was hidden underneath all the rice and was flavorless.  The rice, although flavorless, kinda grows on you, but that's not really a positive.  The only good thing from the dish was their platanos or fried plantains.The atmosphere was great and the service was excellent.  The lovely waitress, Alejandra was ultra attentive and nice.  We would definitely consider coming back.
2	Positives: the drinks are great and the bartender was very friendly and offered great suggestions.  Also, the drink prices are pretty reasonable.Negatives: ummm, the food.  Tried the lechon asado and it was missing the "lechon."  It wasn't tart at all!...it was actually kind of sweet.  That definitely threw me off.  Just weird.  And the rice was cold and hard.  My friend got the chicken and rice and her dish was cold as well.  The rice lacked the bright saffron color you would expect and was oversaturated with the cooking liquid.  She ate about three bites and quit.Even though the drinks are pretty good and the decor is nice, I don't think I'll be back.
1	Wow.  All I can say was TOTALLY DISAPPOINTING!!!  I went in a large party of 12 and it was clear from the beginning we were going to have a problem.  We were seated at a table with only 9 seats and when we moved the next table over to make the extra spaces, the waiter quickly ran over and told us he needed those seats.  We mentioned our reservation was for 12 people, not 9, and he grudgingly backed off.  We asked before we ordered if it were possible to do several small checks since many of our party members only had debit cards, but the waiter refused saying the most he could do was split the table in half and do 2 checks.  He was CLEARLY not capable of handing a large party, or didn't care about his service since he would get his 18% gratuity anyway, but he couldn't even get who asked for WATER correctly.  I got a watery Arnold Palmer about 15 minutes after I ordered it, and my husband got a flat Long Island Iced Tea (after being brought a regular iced tea incorrectly).  The remainder of my group who had ordered cocktails said they were quite good, so we will give them that positive mark.  After the insanity of ordering, which emphasized my concern the waiter couldn't handle the table of 12, a different waiter brought out the food in no particular order and began saying in spanish what the food was.  We had to go back to the menu and ask WHAT NUMBER the food was to figure out whose it was. The food did arrive very quickly which was its only positive factor IMHO.  I had seafood paella that looked fabulous, but tasted like something I could have made at home out of a box of rice-a-roni with a few crab legs and a lobster tail on top.  For $28.95 I was really expecting to be blown away. The consensus among the other party members was, eh ok, not terrible, not stellar.  We were not offered dessert and the check was brought immediately after the table was cleared.  I definately felt we were being hurried out, though when it took the waiter nearly 20 minutes to bring back the change, I wasn't sure what the problem was.Honestly for a $60 total for me and my husband, and what was well over a $300 bill with both checks combined, we should have had much better service, even if the food was just ok.  i do not recommend this place and the only reason it even gets a star at all was the assertions of my other group members their food was edible.
1	Just about the only thing I enjoyed about this place was the drinks. I had a sip of just about everyone's drink, and they were all pretty tasty.I dined with Emily E. (below, in the party of 12), and I agree with everything she said.While the food wasn't bad, it was not worth the price -- $65 for my husband and me. I have no problem paying for quality, but Havana Grill simply wasn't worth it.The waiter was downright rude at times. I felt he didn't put much effort into service because he knew he was getting 18 percent gratuity (not what I would have left by any means had I the choice).I am sad there aren't many Cuban restaurants in town, as I long for the authentic fare I ate in Miami two years ago. Looks like we locals just won't get the chance to experience something better.
4	2 people, 1 order of vaca frita (yes that is fried cow), a side of yucca with mojo, and a side of sweet plantains, and you got yourself a MEAL!  I have had a few drinks here which are decent, but I love the food.  I came here once after work to satisfy an extreme craving for yucca with mojo...the waitress was amused.  The owner or manager came and explained to me the twice-cooking process of yucca so I can learn how to make it myself.  He also told me where to get the ingredients for mojo and what they are.  I was pleased!This is a fun place to go with friends and there are salsa dancing lessons offered in evenings!
3	I have eaten here three times, trying to give the restaurant another shot after previous visits. I have not returned since then. My cuban sandwich was rather dry, nothing inside the sandwich only the meat. Bread was ok, but could have been fresher. The side dishes could also be fresher, since you can taste the reheated food and hardly any taste. Beans a bit salty; fried plantains lacked salt, we had to add it; portions kind of small for the price charged. Food needs more flavor, in general.  The place is good for entertainment and drinks; after the drinks, you won't tell the difference on the flavor of your food!
1	First, the food is average. It would be okay if it weren't so expensive. Basically this place has a "hole in the wall" menu with "sit down restaurant" prices.  For instance, you'll order some rice and beans with a little meat,  tostones and a beer that should  cost no more than $10 and here its going to cost your more like $30. All of this would would garner them a 3 star review perhaps. But I had a had my credit card number stolen at the restaurant. After paying with my card, about a week later I learned that my card had been duplicated, and approximately $1000 of gas, food and Bachata concert tickets had been purchased on the counterfeit card. My credit card company spotted the activity. And I figured out that it happened at Havana Grill. So pay with cash or follow the waiter to the cash register and keep an eye on your card.
4	THis is one of my favorite places.LOVE the food,  even though I always just order the same thing, cuban sandwich. and love the long strips of plaintains instead of fries.the drinks are good.  service at the bar is better than table waiters.on Fri and Sat nites,  LATE like after 11pm,  the music rocks and after 12 gogo dancers come out, (surprising i know, but adds to the fun atmosphere).I found the prices fair for the size of the portions.  still waiting to have the discounted lunches.
5	The best Cuban food in town!!! Very authentic!! Excellent service, the owner is always greeting the customers.  I reccomend it to anybody who likes caribbean food.
5	Me and my friends go to Havana grill a lot and i must say the food is really good, very tasty, drinks are fabulous, great prices (mojitos are the best!)... service is great!... Fridays and saturdays they have music and it gets pretty crowded and the atmosphere its just perfect!I recommend this place!(eastern and the 215 next to the movie theater)
4	I consider to be the best Cuban restaurant in Vegas. It is a bit of a haul for us considering that its sister restaurant, Florida Cafe, is located less than ten minutes from our house, but the food at Havana Grill is a lot better for some reason and therefore worth the drive. Though the service isn't super speedy, you are perfectly occupied with slices of buttered and grilled cuban bread you will need to restrain yourself from finishing. After limiting myself to one piece (ok, one and a half), I had my favorite dish, the ensalada playera ($10 for lunch), which I was glad to see served on a regular plate rather than the ridiculous and impractical shell-shaped bowl it previously was served in. This salad contains small succulent shrimp, ripe avocado, baby tomatoes, roasted red bell peppers, and sliced red onion atop a bed of beautifully assembled mixed field greens, and is served with a mojo dressing that is wonderfully pungent with lemon and garlic. It reminds me of a salad you can get at a good cafe in California where fresh and healthful ingredients parallel intense flavor and a sense of hearty satisfaction. I have no complaints whatsoever about the salad because it is exactly the kind of food I like to enjoy. If you are looking for something a bit more filling without feeling stuffed, however, you should get what my husband got, the pollo alla plancha ($10 for lunch). This is a thinly pounded chicken breast grilled to perfection and served with sauteed onions. The onions could definitely be sauteed longer to get some nice caramelization, but the chicken is great and the accompanying 'moros y cristianos' (black beans and white rice) are to die for! The flavors of the latter meld together with bits of tender pork to create a Cuban staple you'll want to eat over and over again.Another item we usually get is the Cuban sandwich. In case you've never had one, a Cuban sandwich consists of sliced ham, roast pork, pickles, and swiss cheese pressed on a white Cuban bread loaf spread with mustard until it is warm and melty. The version here is well-executed and tasty, and, although I've had better in New York, we haven't found another in town that compares. They offer it in a half size as well, which would be enough for an appetizer for two or a small meal.Although the food prices here are fairly reasonable for what you get (dinner gets more expensive), drink prices are absolutely not. Even the Strip can't get away with charging $6 for a Miller Lite, unless perhaps you are at one of the best restaurants, and they generally don't even serve Miller Lite. Even worse, the beer at Havana Grill doesn't come to the table icy cold. Perhaps they are trying to give you a taste for authentic Cuban refrigeration temperatures, but at these prices I want refrigeration you can expect at a Ritz Carlton (or any decent bar). Anyhow, just thought I should let you know what you're in for before you get the bill.
1	I just went to Havana Grill for the first time and sadly it will be my last. I did not personally get to order any of their food off of the menu, however I did get to try their free bread they give you before your meal is delivered and I have to say that was tasty. I also ordered their passion mojito and that was good albeit pricey. My bad experience was with the staff of the restaurant. We were in a semi-large group of people sitting on the patio, ordering lots of appetizers, food and alcohol. Apparentely there was an incident up front with one person of our group (who wouldn't turn his hat around) and they kicked him out. We had no idea that incident took place and the General Manager stormed back to our table and told us to all leave. We were treated so horribly and were being screamed at by the GM (can you say embarrasing?!) and we had no clue what was even going on. We had to leave that second with our drink cups full, food still on our plate AND still had to pay our bills with the 18% gratuity conveniently tacked on the check. I have filed a complaint with the owner and will never step foot in there again. If you are brave enough to give it a shot then I can only hope your experience is better than mine. Such a disappointment...
4	Delicious Cuban food and great salsa music. If you are looking for a Latin night when visiting Las Vegas, call them, it's great. Nice place and friendly people.
4	My friend had eaten at this restaurant before and ordered a roasted pork entree and he didn't like it.  However, he wanted to give it another try yesterday so we decided to go.  I was in a pissy mood, so I already doubted that this place would be any good, however, I was taught to try something at least three times before I 'X' it out of my life.  After glancing through the menu, nothing seem appetizing to me.  Then, I remembered that Cubans are known for their cuban sandwiches, and found it under the appetizer section ($7).  Then glance down the menu some more, and saw the pork and corn meal tamal ($5).  Glance down a little more, there is a whole appetizer plate with both of these items on there, plus chicharrones and croquetas (all for $15).  Of course then I ordered the appetizer plate, and that put a smile on my face because it was YUMMY.  There is this dipping sauce that came with the plate, made everything exponentially YUMMY.  Oh, almost forgot, there were fried plantains as well.  My friend ordered the shrimp ajillo, that was alright, maybe because there was so much more flavor in the appetizer plate.  Because it was so yummy, I ordered the red sangria ($5), and boy was I glad to order it.  Also, they give you a basket of fresh warm bread with a moist center, and just enough butter to make it delicious.  I would definitely come back to this restaurant for some more of those appetizer and sangria!
4	I have been coming here for about three years now since it is right next to the movie theater. I have eaten there twice and each time I was pleased with the meal. I actually don't really remember what I had there since it's been a while but I know I had no complaints. When I come here it is mainly for the mojitos. I enjoy them tremendously, however I am not some mojito connoisseur or snob.... they are just delicious, refreshing drinks and this place offered the best and reasonably priced. The staff is nice and it isn't unheard of to get a free drink or two if you're ordering drinks and having a good time. I will continue to frequent Havana Grill.
4	I love Havana grill!!! Although I always order the same things.... It's awesome. The fried plantines, and the cuban sandwhiches are my faves. The service is friendly everytime I go there, and the atmosphere is really nice. The only thing I wish was that the food was cheaper so I could go there more often!! =)
5	This is a very nice restaurant and latin night club. The food is excelent, and so is the service. On weekends we have had so much fun, dacing to latin music. Great place to eat, and have fun.
2	Not my favorite. I didn't really know what to expect in Cuban food, but I do know that I had it one memorable time at Cha Cha Cha in Haight -Ashbury, San Francisco, so I was excited to see a fun looking Cuban restaurant near my new place. However, it was a little bit bland for my liking, literally lacking in taste. I could see potential for the atmosphere being fun with mojitos and dancing in the late hours, but it's a no for dinner. I had the "camarones al ajillo" which are large prawns sauteed in olive oil, garlic, and white wine. Didn't taste like anything I couldn't make myself.  My date ordered "lechon asado" which was a slow-roasted pork dish, but again totally lacking in flavor, with just a boring side of rice and beans. My favorite was the cuban sandwich appetizer with plantain chips, tasty, but not something I've been craving ever since. Sorry Havana Grill, you have yet to impress
5	I absolutely adore Cuban food! I'm no expert by any stretch of the imagination, but I know what I like. And what I like is some vaca frita. The version at Havana Grill ($12 during lunch) is excellent -- finely shredded beef slow roasted with garlic, salt, lemon, lime and plenty of spices then seared. mmmm... It's so mouth-wateringly good. The best part are the few pieces of beef that were seared too long, making them extra crispy. It's served with rice and black beans.Because of some of the similarities between Cuban food and the food my mom used to cook, this -- to me -- is comfort food. It's the kind of food that reminds me of home and instantly puts a smile on my face. After taking a few bites of the vaca frita I wanted to pound the table and tell anyone around me how good it was. But, I was eating an early lunch and there was no one else in the dining room.After cleaning off the plate, I finished the meal with some flan ($4). It's a fairly large portion, needlessly served with whip cream and a cherry on the side with some chocolate sauce drizzled around the plate. All that stuff is unnecessary because it doesn't add anything to the flavor. The flan itself was decent, but c'mon... it's not better than my mom's. Its consistency was way too firm.The next time I need a pick-me-up I'll be back. There's plenty of dishes on the menu I need to try.4.5 Stars
2	Just got done with lunch here.  This is the thired time that I have been here.  we go because we love Cuban food, but I do not think that I have ever had what I would consider to be a good "Cuban Meal" here.  Today I ordered the Bistec de Palomilla.  The meat was either under seasoned or not seasoned at all.  It came to the table, "just warm" covered in onions. It seemes that a dish like this should come with chimichurri sauce.  I also ordered the Mariquitas, which is thin sliced fried plantains.  These came out cold, like they have been made hours ago and just put onto a plate.  I have had these in several places before where they come out piping hot, fresh, and amazinly good....but not here.  I have to tell you that the best and freshest thing that was on my plate seemed to be the white rice.
4	Great food and great service! Havana Grill, your food doesn't hold a candle to my moms authentic Cuban cooking but it's the next best thing! Love the place!
4	Well what can I say Havana Grill is GREAT!!! I love the food, of course it's not like my mother-in-laws authentic Cuban food; but still the food is delicious.
4	My hubby and I decided to stop here for a bite before catching a flick at Colonnade next door. We didn't want to fill up too much before the movies , what were we thinking stopping here first? This place has good Cuban fare with a range of six different flavored mojito's to wet yer whistle . We ordered a few scrumptious appetizers , one being Tostones which are green fried plantains with camarones or shrimp, shredded and ground beef. These were different but delicious with a tomatillo salsa on top . I chose the chorizo Frito which was spicy Spanish fried sausage. We thought we might want more so we decided to have the Sopa de pollo, which is a delightful version of chicken soup , with potatoes and fresh squeezed lemon , I have had this before and wish I could take home containers of it every time I feel a hangover coming on . I mean I have had cravings for it ! There is a zesty spice to it that is amazing. Needless to say we pushed the limit leaving little to no room for crappy movie food. But what can I say my taste buds are growing a bit more refined. Love this place which is the sister to Florida cafe on Las Vegas boulevard. This place is great for a quick bite or large groups wanting to party , you will get a great buzz and want to salsa In your seat!
5	This is my second favorite restaurant in town, and rates in my all time top ten! The did is excellent. The staff is nice. Three ambience makes you feel like you're out someplace special and the live music on the weekends is great fun. You just have to check this place out.
4	I went here for a friend's birthday and we had a blast! I made reservations for 10 people and the staff was very accommodating with a large group.Happy hour was until 7 pm so we enjoyed some refreshing pre-dinner mojitos for about $4 each.Most of our group were Cuban food rookies and our waiter was gracious enough to provide recommendations and explain the menu. He suggested we get an appetizer sampler which came with a tamal, mini Cuban sandwich, croquettas and lots of other goodies. This was my favorite part of the meal.I ordered lechon asado which was so tender and flavorful. Several in my group ordered Ropa Vieja which literally translates to old clothes. It is a traditional Cuban dish that has shredded beef in a tomato sauce. It tastes like Filipino menudo to me with a twist. We had some fried plantains and yuca on the side.All of us were full and satisfied and had more than enough for leftovers.I had the Orgasmo Habanero for dessert simply because of the name! It has three layers - chocolate, tres leches and flan. It definitely lived up to it's name!Havana Grill is a fun restaurant with friendly and attentive staff. I don't know much about Cuban food but everything I tried was delicious. Next time we'll go when they have live music and get our hookah on!
4	Three cheers for a good restaurant right next door to the movies! Yea!We've been countless times, both for lunch and dinner and always enjoy a delicious meal. If you get there at the right time, there's live music as well.On to the food! The Tostones are so good...smashed fried plaintains topped with either ground beef, shredded beef or shrimp. We always get the shrimp and they're always tender, crisp perfection. My favorite appetizer is the Papas Rellenas. I could eat these every day. They're a humble, comforting dish...mashed potatoes rolled into a ball with a surprise of seasoned ground beef hidden in the middle. They are then fried to a delicate brown on the outside and served with a crispy plaintain chip. This and a salad is lunch perfection for me! Also nice on the appetizer menu is a mini cuban sandwich when you just can't handle the big one. My kids always order it as the kids menu only has ham and cheese. The black bean soup is everything you want a black bean soup to be. The only salad I order is the Ensalada Havana...sliced green apples, oranges, cashews and chicken over greens with shaved manchego and a sweet vinaigrette...so good!Let's see to the entrees... The traditional Cuban sandwich is exactly that. Traditional and perfect. The bread is crisp on the outside, soft on the inside with the right balance of pork, ham, cheese and pickle. Vaca Frita is seasoned, shredded, seared crispy, tender beef served with rice and black beans. Ropa Vieja, shredded beef in a savory tomato-y sauce. Too many good things here...the Bistecs are delicious as well. We've never made it to dessert...hopefully someday we'll taste their flan!
4	Delicious Cuban restaurant not far from the Las Vegas strip - nice atmosphere, friendly staff, & extensive menu choices!
4	We came across this place because we used to drive to their sister location on Las Vegas Blvd. (Florida Cafe) and Havana Grill is closer to me. The appetizers are better at Florida Cafe but the main dishes here at Havana Grill are better. We always get the breaded steak w/ onions and the pork w/ onions. I never liked black beans until I had them from here. They are so good w/ the rice they have. I feel that its a little pricey for the type of food and atmosphere they have but that definitely will not stop me from going back. We went to one other Cuban food place off of either Flamingo or Trop and it wasn't as good as this place. Give it a try and I bet you wont be disappointed
4	Aye Carumba, Fantastico!  Yep, I like this place, alot!1.  Service - Personable, many of staff have been there quite a long time, so they know the menu well, are passionate about what they do, and will recommend the right things for you if you are not sure what to eat.2.  Food - The chicken, seafood and meat dishes are all great.  We had the Ropa Viejas and the Camerones. They were very tasty. The appetizers I did not have, but have seen them  and they look great.3.  Drinks - The type of drinks and mixed drinks are great.  Mojitos baby! OK, we had cokes and ice tea.4.  Dessert - So tasty. We had a chocolate tres leches special that is home made. All their desserts are home made. Wonderful.5.  Price - Very reasonable.They also have dancing on the weekends. This is a nice place to relax, go on a date, or just hang with the friends!Enjoy!!!!!
2	Dined at Havana a few times including hosting big family gathering on "salsa night". Service can be hit or miss, grandma waited an hour to get her food while everyone else got theirs. I ordered my favorites...pollo ala plancha, plantains, and a mojito. Went there to try their "$5 lunch specials...figured would take advantage of lower prices since the usual prices are a bit high for the food. Was very disappointed to see items like chicken fingers ( was this meant for kids?!) on their value menu. They could increase business by lowering their prices a bit....$16 for chicken with onions and beans is not the best deal.
2	I had been itching to try this place out for so long because I worked with a fellow who was from Miami and raved about Cuban food (which was back in December). And word of mouth is Havana Grill is the place to get your Cuban food fix. Although I was a skeptical to try this place because of Teri C.'s review and the other reviews as well, I had to try them out for myself. Fortunately we came in during happy hour, which was half prized appetizers. We ordered the Mezcla de Aperitivos (consisted of tamal, papa rellenas, croquetas, and cuban sandwich) and Mini Sandwich Cubano. Tamal- I didn't like their tamal at all. More dry than usual and no taste either. croquetas- we weren't sure what these were because there wasn't a description on the bar menu. Unfortunately, as soon as I took a bite I spat it back out into my napkin. Maybe this was a little too authentic for me. Mini Cuban Sandwich- the bread was nicely buttered and the contrast between the mustard and pickles was a unique mix. The ham could had been a little tastier, but good enough. I was really expecting more based on how much people rave about Cuban sandwiches. I'm really hoping other Cuban places make a better one because theirs was just A-okay. There was no papa rellenas at the time was I was kind of sad because they serve those at Porto's Bakery. I also ordered the guava shake, although I'm not a big guava fan I was trying to be adventurous. I didn't really enjoy this drink because there was nothing special about it and I prefer my shakes on the thick side and itwas rather thin. Overall, the experience was okay. The service was a tad slow and the food didn't really impress me. The inside is nicely decorated and still gives off the mom and pop vibe. However, I don't think I will be coming here again.
4	I have become that person that does not experiment and am dead set on finding the best arroz con pollo in town. Havana Grill might not be as good as what I would eat at a childhood friend's house, but it was tasty. The rice was flavorful without being too salty or overly seasoned. The chicken was moist and fall off the bone tender. The plantains were cooked to perfection. The three pieces were soft, sweet, and not dried out. There have been many times where I go to a Cuban restaurant to be disappointed in finding that their plantains have the consistency of Styrofoam. The plates are large and can easily feed two people. I ordered this with a side of the steamed yucca. Yucca is a root vegetable that is mellow in flavor. It could have used some citrus to make it taste bolder. The onions on top adds a nice contrast in texture. So far, Havana Grill serves one of the better arroz con pollo I have had in a restaurant. My friend had ordered the chicken simmered in red wine with potatoes and olives. This was the better dish of the two. Served with black beans and rice, it is a great deal at $12.
1	I've came here a couple of times (mainly by force) first off... the securities out front that I have dealt with have been rude and arrogant,  there is a 5-10 charge for women and the bartenders seem some what snooty as well. I once waited 20 min for a drink when they weren't even busy. Not a fan but they do play good music. so If your planning on JUST dancing then it's okay.....
3	I am usually here for happy hour with friends, so we're always at the bar (outdoor bar space is great when it's not too hot!) and always well taken care of.Drinks: Fresh, flavorful, and flowing. Whether going more tradicional and ordering mojitos or sangria or whether you want somehing more cosmopolitan (dirty martinis are always a good choice!), these bartenders know what they are doing. Lots of flavor, lots of fuel, and lots of smiles.Food: The fried plantains are crispy, have a nice fresh taste, and were perfectly salted. We've had a few types of dips and salsas with these, depending on the mood of the group or the proprietor (specials, etc.) and have yet to find one we didn't like.The slow roasted pork was tasty if a bit on the chewy side. I don't know if they needed a better cut of meat or more time in the cooker. Either way, it was flavorful but the texture made it less than a "I'll fight you for the rest" kind of dish.The tamal was tasy and the masa was good, but there is just not enough meat to make this any more than a masa dish... think polenta with a cuban flair. I wanted more filling and more of their delicious sauces. Fell flat. Totally something I can see them improving... and I hope they do.Service is always great, either because our group tends to draw the servers in or because they are just that good. Either way, it works for us! The matriarch/owner is always sweet, keeping watch over his home away from home. Great energy from a great staff.It's not phenomenal (it doesn't have to be), and I prefer the food over at Cuba Cafe. However, it's a solidly good, A-OK, happy hour joint that I look forward to visiting again.
4	Pleasantly surprised after reading all of the bad reviews. It seems like the service might be hit or miss here, we got a hit! Me and a girlfriend tried this place after I purchased a Groupon. I was really excited - we have Cuban friends and they've cooked food we consider real comfort food.We were seated promptly and our drink order was taken. I ordered an original mojito and my friend ordered a mango mojito. When the waiter came over to card us, he flirted with us both, "No... you're not really over 21? Such youthful faces - very beautiful!" Needless to say we'd started out on the right foot. Moments later our drinks arrived - super fresh mojitos served in little glasses. I was skeptical about the portion size not being enough for me (mojitos being my favorite drink) but it was strong and so flavorful I sipped at it all night without need for another one. When the bill came it was $7.50 for this tiny treasure. Not sure I'd pay that much again - and my friend's flavored mojito cost her $8.50. I wish they wouldn't raise the price a whole dollar for some flavoring. I ordered the Arroz Con Pollo (chicken and rice) because it's my theory that they probably had the basic traditional dishes down to a science. I wasn't disappointed. The dish was big enough to split between two people (I think it was $14). The chicken (although dark meat) was tender and fell right off the bone. The rice was flavorful and cooked well, and I can't say enough good things about the fried plantains that came with it. They were cooked perfectly!My friend had the Vaca... something something. (By the time she explained to me what she'd ordered I think the mojito kicked in.) It was super flavorful shredded chicken served with white rice and black beans. I felt like the chicken was dry when it was alone, but the combination of everything in the dish was wonderful. She had no complaints - ate the whole damn thing. We took our sweet time having dinner - we spent well over an hour here and never felt rushed out. Our bill came (52.98 before Groupon), we paid, we left. At the end of the night I was highly satisfied and I'd certainly go back. Not so sure I would order alcohol here again, but it was such a nice addition to the meal that I certainly would be tempted.
5	last october i had my wedding recp.at the havana grill.it was the most wounderful place for a party.the staff was so friendly and helpful.the food was outstanding,the service was amazing.the price was great.they did everything.they helped set up and even made my cake.the cake was the best and so beautyful.i had about 65 guests and everyone had a great time.we even had there in house dj,who was so great.the music the food andthe service was so memorable.i came from hawaii so lucia the mang.helped me with everything via phone.my husband a cuban and his family were all very happy with the food and party.i promise give this place a try you will fall inlove!!!!we did.aloha from hawaii.alison and keith barrera
2	Decided to try this place due to a groupon purchase.  Ate here on a Saturday night.Food- Ordered the plantains as an appetizer. It was subpar- I've had plantains  that taste the exact same way at the EDR (employee dining room) for FREE..!Entrees- we ordered pan con bistec with banana chips & lechon asado. Again, both dishes were nothing out of the ordinary and both on the dry side. I felt the pan con bistec could have used some kind of sauce. The presentation of the lechon asado did not make the dish look appetizing. And when we cut into the pork, it was so dry. Thank goodness for the black beans, which we mixed with the white rice & pork to make the meal somewhat edible. Atmosphere - it was a bit dark in the restaurant. They were about to set up  for late night music / DJ.Service - not bad, not great.Overall - I don't think i will be coming back here.
4	salsa!!!! I love salsa and the salsa nights are awesome here, the food is ok and the restaurant is nice
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!! I can't believe all of the bad reviews I'm seeing about this place. I grew up with friends of all ethnicities and Cuban being one, so I must say I've had a lot of Cuban food to know the real deal and this place is definitely the real deal!! The employees are all super friendly, and the service is great! I've been here maybe 20 times and I've never had a bad experience.The food is absolutely delicious. I've had many different things on the menu and every dish I've ordered, I LOVED!! My personal favorite items on the menu are : Moros y christianos, yuca al mojo con chicharrones, mariquitas, pan con bistec, bistec de palomilla, pollo a la plancha and the arroz con pollo. There were some complaints about the prices and the dishes being too small?... I definitely disagree with that. I've never gotten a meal from there that didn't leave me anything but OVERLY FULL!!! Side dishes range from $3 to $6. Sandwiches are $11-$13. Main entrees $14- $18. I think the prices are reasonable for the amount of food and the quality of food and the service that you get. I love havana grill!!!
5	The ambiance is great. Friendly employees and the owner greets you on entering. They take your order quickly and the drinks are strong. Passion mojito Your welcome . The portions are nicely sized. The pressed steak w sauteed sweet onions perfectly done. The rice was sweet and the beans were delicious.
2	My experiences at Havana Grill have more often than not flatlined by the time the check came. I will say that their mojitos are authentic and crazy delicious and you'll be challenged to find a better one in town!Maybe I've just picked the wrong items to explore Cuban cuisine with, but the only standout thing I've had here was the garbanzo soup which had a deep, rich flavor from all of the meat, a nice broth and was really filling. The appetizer croquetas tasted like something that might be served under the warm lamp of a 7-11. They were kind of stale, served lukewarm and really had no distinctive flavor besides frying grease and potato. It just made me sad and that's the last emotion I want to feel about something I'm eating. I ate here a few years ago for a friend's birthday and because she had such a large party it was a set menu of some shredded meats, rice, beans and I believe plantains. Nothing struck me though and the pork I had was lake bed dry. The service has been unmemorable for the most part save my last visit in which our waiter was a very friendly dude who was nothing but charming with our table of ladies. It's a place I wouldn't go back to by choice, but if friends were going I wouldn't make a big to-do about it and just suck it up with a mojito or three.
3	I would never know this was here but it looks good and turned out great! Never thought I'd have Cuban food outside of NY and Austin TX, but it turned out good. Be sure to check out the Latin live music Fri and Sat nights.
3	I really want to love Havana Grill.  It's a small Cuban restaurant with a friendly staff and good bartenders, but the food is . . . well, it's just okay. I've been there a few times and I've tried out the croquetas (deep fried ball with ham filling) , Sandwich Cubano (pork, ham, and cheese with dill pickles on a bun), tostones (fried plantains) and arroz con pollo (Cuban classic roasted chicken with yellow rice).  Just listing out those items, I keep wondering why the food isn't a slam dunk--I mean, I said "fried" several times, right?  Well, somehow the food is consistently under-seasoned.  Every time I've ordered the tostones, I feel like I dump the entire salt shaker on them to provide some flavoring.  And I haven't been impressed by any of the other dishes either, they all just felt flat.  The only dish I would rave about is the side dish of yellow rice, which really was wonderful.  Now my understanding is that Havana Grill is the sister restaurant of Florida Cafe (a Cuban restaurant on Vegas Blvd in downtown Vegas).  And that's odd because I've never had a problem with seasoning there.  At the end of the day, the food at Havana Cafe ranged between 2.5 stars and 3. But I've also been here for happy hour and this is a great spot for drinks with friends.  The bartenders make an exceptional mojito and they are on their game and attentive no matter how full the bar gets.  I've brought a few people here for the happy hour deals and every one has left happy.  4 stars for the bar and the friendly bartenders.   So the place rounds out to 3-3.5 stars based on the great bar and the not so amazing food.
5	Went in for lunch... Food was wonderful, very reasonably priced, cocktails amazing...service was outstanding!!!!   Definitely returning..
5	This place is great.  The food is spiced and cooked perfectly.  We had the appetizer sampler platter and everything on it was delicious.  I had the Masas de Puerco Fritas, my husband had the Vaca Fritas de Pollo -- both were superb - tender & juicy.  We couldn't stop eating it.  Black beans & rice were the best I've ever had.  Staff is friendly.  The restaurant's decor makes you feel like you're in Cuba.  We'll definitely go back.
1	I ate here for the first, and last, time tonight. I can't remember the name of the sandwich I ordered, but it was steak with caramelized onions on smashed bread. It was dry, dry, dry. The onions were about half cooked, certainly not caramelized. The steak, besides being dry, had no flavor. I guess the best thing I had was a few french  fries. Two people in our party arrived late, placed their orders, and waited. And waited. Finally, someone brought the bill. All of the orders, even the late ones were on there, along with the tip, but still the food hadn't arrived. They had to ask for it again. It was never even made.
4	The food is delicious, portion size is good for the cost., servers are friendly, atmosphere is relaxing.  Definitely recommend.
1	This place was horrible. The food was dry and tasteless. The "Cuban" bread was plain white bread smashed in a press. We split an appetizer and a sandwich and they were both a joke. The meat was way overdone, dry, chewy, and way overpriced at $12. The papas were boxed mashed potatoes with a bland sausage in the middle. 2 potato balls for $6. The service was OK, but there is no "legitimate " reason this business should still be open. I will never return.
4	Until the US government wakes up and opens up access to Cuba, this place will do nicely!  Fantastic mojito's!  Seriously dangerous!   You have been warned.Great Cuban authentic dishes cooked with a flair and passion.  Live music on the weekends.  This place is a treasure!!!  Stop in for lunch for some great sandwiches and plantain chips!  One of my favorite spots.
5	Why only 3 stars, guys?  I thought this  place was like a trip to Miami without the jet lag. Brought a Cuban food virgin along- we love it. The Bistek de Palomilla and the Old Man's Clothes (beef)- can't remember the Spanish name. Roja de Viejo or something like that. Both very tasty. The Yuca Frita was great too. Didn't have drinks at lunch, can't comment on that.
5	Went here with a groupon (yes i'm addicted). Loved the atmosphere & decor. The food was really delicious. My first time having Cuban food. I had the beef ropa vieja (shredded beef simmered with tomatoes, peppers & onions) It was tender and flavorful. My boyfriend had the beef Vaca Frita, which was also very flavorful but a bit dry (didnt stop him from eating it all though). Both were served with white rice and red beans which were a nice accompaniment. We both had one of their specialty cocktails. They were very tasty & fruity & STRONG :D We were not disappointed in the food & service and will definitely come back again.
2	A Cuban food newbie, the other night was my first experience at Havana Grill. My friends and I have established a weekly tradition of dining out at different venues every Friday night, some groups larger than others depending on who can or is interested in attending. Havana Grill was the spot this past week.We made reservations for a party of (12) and were accommodated without trouble(the joint was dead to be completely honest). Seated promptly at 8pm, our dinner menus were not brought to our table until a bit after 8:30pm.  Several staff members tended our table and it was clear there was a communication break down somewhere along the line. Server #1 would approach the table to take a drink order and moments later we were asked for our drink orders by another member of the staff. Several friends ordered appetizers; the food sporadically arrived in no particular order, some being served around 9pm, others finally hitting the table at 9:10pm.  Entrees.. they too arrived whenever the wait staff remembered to bring them out.  I would say that in addition to that lack of communication between staff members, our annoyance changed focus to the timing in which all food dishes were served.My friends possess the tradition of waiting until each meal is served before diggin in to their own meals, so waiting 5, 10, and even 15 minutes in between meals being brought out made for an annoyed group of people and cold meals.Enough about the service and bad timing of the food being presented.. Lets talk about the food itself. It's OK.  I can say that no one at our table was blown away by flavor during this dining experience. All in all I would say this was yet another mediocre dining experience where each of us left with a small dent in our wallets, a couple of trips made to the bathroom later, and no real desire to return in the future.I would CONSIDER eating here again if we had a smaller group of people, perhaps large parties are just too confusing for some service industry "professionals"?
4	Had a friend visiting from Oklahoma, So on he's last night here we took him to havana grill, for the atmosphere and the food. the service was great, even with the loud music and the other distractions. its definitely not the place you want to go to on the weekend after 10pm, if you want to have conversations and stuff, cause we couldnt really hear each other talk with the music, which is expected i guess lol; cause it kinda turns into a little club in the middle of the dancefloor, but people can still sit around and hang out. Also we went on a friday night after 10pm, and there was a live dj.the food, at least what i ordered was...idk..eehhh. I wasnt happy with it, but everyone elses food tasted really good, maybe its just what I ordered, the fried plantain was on point though! took me back home for a mn...loved it. but i will definitely go back, before 10pm on the weekend if i'm more interested in conversing and eating :)i loved the music. i loved the cuban, salsa, reggaeton mix the dj was playing, wouldve had more fun if i was with a bunch of my dancing friends though  lol :)
4	Great Cuban food.  Service is uneven and there are often long waits for food.
3	Boy, I was very underwhelmed by Havana Grill.  First of all, I've been primed for a good Cuban sandwich for at least a year. I've seen them on Anthony Bourdain's shows and Andrew Zimmern's, and they look juicy and scrumptious. I guess those were the made-for-TV versions, because the one I got here wasn't much different from something I could have gotten from a deli.  I've since looked up "Cuban sandwich" online and the Havana Grill's offering looks pretty much the same as the images I find on Google.  Damn you, travel shows, for raising my expectations!   Honestly, if someone had handed me one of these at work or something, the most I would have thought was, well, the bread is interesting. Not a bad sandwich, but nothing memorable. My friend had fries with her sandwich and they were basic fries.  I had the fried plantains and liked them: crisp, not too thick, and not oversalted.  Two friends ordered the ropa vieja- one had chicken and the other tried pork. They were kind enough to give me a taste, and I must say, the sauce for these dishes was delicious! It came with beans and rice, and those beans were very tasty as well. I forgot to mention the appetizers: we tried papas rellenas and tostones.  The papas (sort of like fried balls of mashed potatoes with a small filling of meat) were interesting  but I thought the flavor was just kind of "meh"- again, not memorable. I was not fond of the tostones- the fried green plantains. In fact, none of us ate much of those.  For me, they just had very little flavor.  One thing we gobbled up, though, was the buttered bread!  Very good bread. As for beverages, one of us tried the mojito and gave it a big thumbs up.  Another tried the raspberry margarita and although she can put away a drink, she didn't finish this one.  (She was also surprised that it came with salt on the rim rather than sugar. I don't know about such things, since I'm not much of a drinker).The restaurant had a spacious, open feel  because the tables aren't crowded together. The tropical-themed leaf ceiling fans were kind of nice, too.  Simple, non-fussy wood tables and chairs add a casual flair.   OH - I have to add that service was V E R Y  S  L O W.  The servers (all good looking, - like GQ good looking)  took forever just to put the bread baskets on the table - even after we asked for it.  It took a long time to get our orders taken.  Upon check out, they mistakenly added a gratuity to the bill. Correcting the error took almost 20 minutes because of one or two other errors made during the correction of the first problem. Aggravating!After 9pm the loud music began, thanks to two DJs spinning (well, spinning hard drives, at least) some hearty Latin dance music. By 10 pm the dance floor was dark and the party was in full swing, with folks young and old doing all sorts of couples dancing. I picked up a few new songs thanks to Soundhound, and enjoyed watching people through the laser-lights.  I also had fun watching my friend get her butt smacked by a 70 year old woman on the dance floor!  We decided we'd come back for the music, the bar, and dancing, but would be less likely to return for the food.
4	I had been meaning to try this place for a long time when the GF announced that she had a groupon that was about to expire.  Great!We stopped in for lunch on a weekday and the place was almost deserted.  We both had the Cuban sandwich with fries...I guess we just couldn't resist.  Our waiter, Carlos, was very friendly and promptly brought out our drinks and a basket of hot buttery bread.The sandwiches were good and the fries were perfectly done.  My only gripe was about the small amount of ketchup provided in a little side cup.  Why can't I decide how much ketchup I need?  We asked for more and another few droplets arrived.I'm sure we'll come back, especially being this close to the theater.
2	In addition to Cuban food, there is (Latin) dancing on Friday nights. The dance floor is small.
2	Wanted to have a meal close to home and decided to try this place on someone's recommendation. Severely dissapointed!I was debating what chicken to try, in my quest to eat high protein, and the server suggested that the pollo a la planchia was really good. I took her recommendation and decided to order this. The chicken breasts were pounded and marinated and grilled. I found the chicken to be too oily and also the onions that came as a garnish to be very oily. Since it took over 20 min, for us to get our order, and the entrees were priced at $14 I think, I expected more. Instead of rice, I asked for a salad which they got-lettuce, tomatoes without any dressing. This came with a side of beans in a smallish bowl and I took 1 bite as I did not like the way it tasted and looked. I asked for hot salsa and got 2 bottles of chilli sauce.D had the Havana Grill Pollo Salteado which came with rice and beans. It was ok. The serving was quite big but lacking in flavor.The positive was the server who greeted us promptly and brought glasses of iced water and some bread. Even though it was not too busy, they took long bringing out the food, and then bringing the check as well.I will not be going back.
4	I have two things to say. GREAT FOOD, sloowww service.
5	Great food! Awesome banana shakes! Cuban Sandwiches are great! The pan con bistec was absolutely delicious! Great atmosphere, fun and elegant! Staff was very friendly. I will definitely eat there again.
1	Myself, my wife & another couple ate here on a Wednesday evening & the only meal that was fresh was the salad ordered by one of our group. The seafood in the paella was overcooked & the rice was mush. An order of Cuban porkchops were inedible and the salmon dish ordered was not cooked as requested. The ceviche appetizer was just chopped shrimp. Boo! Even the sangria was lacking. I don't think the owners can decide whether this is a restaurant or a nightclub.
4	It was Friday and I heard this was the spot to be at if you wanted a hell of a good time, a HOT place to be with latin dancing, great drinks and food, cool enviroment.  Too bad it was only lunch time, there wasn't any dancing going on.  I've been here a few times and their food is always good and I love the enviroment though I still have not been here at night when all the partying is happening, one day I will. They have Latin Nights on Friday and Sat with salsa dancing and a DJ. It suppose to be a 18+ event with no cover.In the past I've had some of their sandwiches. The Sandwich Cubano as off of the menu "The traditional Cuban sandwich with tender roasted sliced pork, sliced ham, cheese, dill pickles and mustard on pressed Cuban bread" and with plantain chips. Tell me you don't want that just from reading it, at least I did.  Ate it and enjoyed it too. I've also had some beef sandwich but I'm not sure which one it was.  It was very good.For this last time I wanted to try something different and asked the server for a recommendation that's not a sandwich. I almost always take what is recommended so lunch was the Lechon Asado a "slowly oven-roasted leg of pork, marinated in a mojo of lemon, garlic, lime, orange juice and spices" with moros which I was told it's was usually made on holiday's or something.  I liked the way the entire dish was explained to me when I ordered it as I was sold.  The dish as a whole was pretty good I did like the moros and the fluffy bread.  The pork leg was good just a liitle too citrusy for me but still good since I cleared my entire plate. I didn't get any plantain chips this time, which was a bummer.There are a lot of ceiling fans, the a/c was flowing, latin music was playing, people were dining and drinking.  I really wanted to stay but I was only on my lunch break booo. They also have a lot of space to party at the bar, an outdoor patio, and lots of tables for when the party starts. There's also the movie theather next door and Mediterranean restaurant with belly dancing across the complex.  This is the complex to be at. LOL
2	Not too many places in town that you can comfortably sit outside in the middle of our summers, but this place has an aggressive misting/fan system going on and we were so excited until the smokers came out and took over the patio. So we had to move inside, it was a Friday night and they were going to have salsa dancing later, so our server seated us in the dance floor area. We primarily came to watch salsa dancing and for some mojitos, but I am a self proclaimed high maintenance cocktail drinker, I don't do cheap wine or alcohol, so I was bummed when I saw they make their mojitos with Cruzan Rum, so our bartender suggested 10 Cane Rum which I never heard of but we agreed to a pitcher. My first sip all I could taste was soda water. Yuck, this isn't a mojito, this is soda water on the rocks. I didn't say anything to my friends at the table, 2 others said the same thing. So we decided to give the Sangria a try. We ordered a pitcher of red, when it came out, I immediately noticed the color, it was pink, like Kool-Aid, and that's exactly what it tasted like. If you mixed Ocean Spray Cran and Kool-Aid together, you would get their week attempt at Sangria. No drink left behind, that's what I've always learned, but these were the worst attempts at 2 of my favorite cocktails I've ever had. We ended up leaving both pitchers because none of us could drink them. I tried the mini Cuban sandwich, which was pretty good, as well as the plaintains, which is why this place is deserving of 2 stars. Our service was atrocious, so slow. I won't be returning.
4	Great place for Happy Hour, love their Mojitos!!!
3	Came for Dinner last nightscale 1-5  with 5 being the highestHavana Banana-5 drink (good)mango mojito-3passion mojito-4bread/toast- 5arroz con pollo- 2.8- need season or something ( plus i wasn't fan of the dark chicken meat)bistec de palomilla-4.2
5	Came here for a second try since the first one was so good. The results were the same. I really love the food here. I had the Ropa Viejas and red beans, which was excellant. Could have used a little more in the bowl, but nonetheless, I loved it. It seems there are so few opportunities to dine out without it being a chains, and this is one worth trying out. I really need to eat here more often.
4	Delicious food, friendly staff and family friendly.  Reasonable prices too.
2	Being from Miami and being Cuban American, I am definitely somewhat of an authority on cuban food. With that said, this fell short of the real thing... WAA WAA.... I ordered a ton of food, to go for myself and some friends of mine. I have been raving about Cuban food and was excited to share my culture and was let down. The main dishes (the meat) was actually decent - we shared fried steak or Vaca Frita (right on with the flavor) and breaded chicken-Pollo empanisado. However ALL the side dishes tasted frozen or packaged. The congri or arroz moros were NOT home made and the platanos were definitely from frozen banaas. The tostones (salty, fried plantains) tasted chalky (frozen) and the mojo (sauce for the fried plantains) wasn't even close to authentic mojo. Mojo is literally the easiest thing to make, why not make it fresh! Maybe I am overly critical because I have grown up with Cuban food and have had TRULY authentic versions (out of my grandmothers kitchen) but, this was so SAD... Oh well, Miami is only a plane ride away.By the way- It shouldn't take an hour to put food together, for a to-go order when you phoned in the order, thirty minutes prior.
3	So last time really enjoyed this place and the food was great. At the encouragement of the waiter, tried the Havana Bistec Salteado. Big disappointment. The meat was about as tough as it can get and I was worn out just trying to chew through  it. It won't stop me from going back, but not for that one.
5	Vaca frita de pollo or bistec are delicious. Good rum drinks. Paella really good. My wife has a friend who is Cuban and him and his family swear by this restaurant. Definitely worth a try.
4	This was my first experience with Cuban food and my goodness, it was tasty!We sat down on a Friday night before seeing a movie and it was an excellent decision. Not too crowded and I immediately loved the atmosphere and lighting. Our waiter was extremely helpful and pleasant. After telling him that I had no idea what to order and that it was my first time, he made a bunch of awesome recommendations and explained some of the dishes. We ordered an off the menu special appetizer - meatballs covered in some type of spicy-but-sweet barbecue sauce. There were four and they were a bit small, so I thought they were overpriced....but STILL DELICIOUS!I told our waiter that I wanted steak and he recommended the Bistec De Palomilla, which was basically marinated steak, thinly sliced, with onions all over it. I chose to have their special beans and rice mix (cooked with bits of pork). My girlfriend ordered the Ropa Vieja. Our food came out very quickly and I couldn't get over how something so simple could be so delicious! There was nothing at all fancy about the steak, but the flavors were unbelievable. I really enjoyed my dish! We also ordered a side of plantains, which was great. I as apprehensive because I don't understand the concept of cooked bananas, but they were a very complimentary taste to the steak and rice/beans. The wait staff was friendly and I never had to ask for a drink refills. I'll definitely be back!
5	D-E-L-I-S-H! I haven't been to a Cuban restaurant since 2007 and was pleasantly surprised when I visited Havana Grill with a friend of mine.  The food was delicious, the drinks were on point...I will definitely be visiting again!  Be sure to try the plantains! Yum!
4	II liked the cozy little place. The bartender was charming. The food was yummy and hot. Did not know anything about cuban food but i liked it.
3	Came to see Caseroloops, the Venezuelan Grammy-nomiated band. The band itself was good, but I can see the Havana Grill has taken a dive lately. I remember when this place used to be packed every weekend with live bands and a 'happening' atmosphere, taste appetizers available until late, and fruity mojitos. This time around, the atmosphere was dead (except for the band playing), the mojitos were expensive ($9 ) and watered down, and I believe the kitchen had already closed. I am not quite sure what happened.If I had to vote this place thumbs up or down, it would the latter. I can't imagine going there and having much fun, given the stale overall atmosphere. Now I have to find another latin music spot.
4	I've been to Havana Grill several times, so this review is long overdue! I have never had a bad meal there. I tend to stick to the same items, but always make sure to try what everyone else orders. They start you off with grilled Cuban bread with butter. It's perfect, served warm and it melts in your mouth. My favorite item on their menu would have to be the Tostones. They are delicious little fried plantain patties topped with chorizo, ropa vieja or shrimp. The ropa vieja tostones are the best! They also have amazing papas rellenas (fried mashed potato balls filled with seasoned ground beef). The last time I went there, the papas were a tad bit too salty. I still enjoyed them though! I ordered the ceviche appetizer as my meal and was pleased with it. It wasn't the best I've had and it could have used more shrimp, but it was good nonetheless. You must also try their red sangria. It's delicious! I would highly recommend Havana Grill if you're looking for good food. I'm not an expert on Cuban food, but I have never been disappointed by my meals there.
5	Lovelovelove.  I'm not too adventurous when it comes to food but I really like their menu.  Lots of chicken dishes and all sound great.  I've tried a few things but none of which I can remember but I know I liked them all.Good mojitos and dancing later in the evening too.Definately an enjoyable place.
5	My Husband and I had the wonderful opportunity to dine here. Havana Grill was fantastic! We can't wait to go back. Everyone was very friendly.  The atmosphere was perfect for date night or for a family night out. The Bread was fantastically fresh and perfectly buttered.  We had the Massas De Puerco Fritas (appetizer), OMG it was sooo good! Our meals were so flavorful. Each plate looked as though someone took the time to make it look nice. Not just thrown on the plate. We can't wait to go back.
4	I like to find the Cuban places and one of my favorite sandwiches, the Cuban! The mini  Cuban on the menu is wonderful, Add a bit more sauce and it would be perfect for me. The Bread appetizer was warm and perfect. The Chicken soup is chunky enough  and flavorful. With the lemon squeeze (I would have preferred lime) it is quite enhanced. All in all - I am coming back to test a few more items and enjoy the lovely ambiance and snappy service. Live Music on Friday and Saturday and I want to be part of that, but that will be another trip.
4	We really like this place.  Very good food.  Good Drinks . . . . Get the $5 sangria and you won't be sorry.  AND they catered to our one year old.  All in all, this is a place we plan on frequenting often.
5	I've been eating at Havana Grill this Saturday and as always has been a pleasant meal with a careful attention from the waiters and good dance music, plus a great animation.As always, this site does not disappoint, it is a place you can count on.
5	I loved it! I am from Miami and so am very familiar with Cuban food! The food was very authentic and delicious while being very reasonably priced! The service was very good and the place was packed! I would definitely recommend it!
4	I read the reviews (focusing on the ones with okay or bad experiences) and wasn't excited to try this place. I had a negative opinion going in. I was WRONG again. This place was really good. Better than my top Cuban place in Las Vegas. I will be back for sure. The inside is nice and large and spacious. The service was good and on time and the food was even better. Authentic Cuban.PROS:  *Yuca con Mojo y Chicharrones - Sauteed tender yuca smothered in onions and garlic sauce with fried pork skins on the side. Eat them together and it's a party in your mouth. *Lechon Asado Al Despelote - slowly roasted leg of pork marinated in a mojo of limon, garlic, lime, orange juice and spices, served over fried smashed yuca. The fried smashed yuca is a meal in itself. Wonderful when eaten together. LARGE portion. *Fricase de Pollo Con Papas a la Havanera - Chicken simmered with tomatoes, potatoes, red wine, olives and spices. *They were on Groupon. CONS:*Far from my home distance wise.*Food arrived almost all at once (appetizers and dinner). Didn't matter that much though.
2	Food was ok, Vaca Frita tasted like salt and service was horrible!  Mojitos start at $8.50? Drink prices reminded me of the price gouging strip casinos. Service was so bad we skipped dessert....
2	I love Cuban food, so when I saw the groupon deal I bought it quick.  The seating in this place is horrible.  Too many tables and they seat you practically on top of the people next to you.  The server and patron behind me kept bumping into my chair.  I finally got up and moved to the other side of the table.  The whole restaurant was pretty empty, maybe 10% full but they sat us next to a party of 10 so we couldn't even hear each other speak.  I kept feeling myself lean in to hear my boyfriend even though we were seated right next to each other.  The server dropped off our mediocre food and that was the last time we saw him until we were finished.  So, no refills on our drinks plus the extra ketchup we asked for at the beginning didn't come until we were finished.  The food was okay, nothing special.  I've had Cuban food all over, including Miami and Little Havana.  This place is WAY OVERPRICED for average food.  I also can't believe that the Palomilla Empanizada was $16 and doesn't come with maduros - that's an extra $4 BUT it does come with a little salad with no dressing - just about 5 pieces of lettuce, tomatoes and onion. I think the biggest disappointment of the night was the seating and that the entrees don't come with maduros...hello - I've NEVER eaten at a Cuban restaurant that doesn't include maduros with the entree.  An extra $4 for a half a plantain - give me a break!I think the true rating should be 1 1/2 but that's not an option.  The food was average so it deserves a 2 but everything else deserves a 1.
1	Last Friday after work I met up with 3 friends I haven't seen for a few months to catch up over drinks and appetizers.  First of all, the food was bland.  Secondly, and most important, the service was awful.  Water refills were hard to get.  But here is the real kicker, which I must preface with the fact that the restaurant had low to moderate occupancy.  After an hour and a half, a female staff member approached our table, placed her hands on her hips, shot us a don't mess with me look, and barked, "Do you want anything else??"  She might as well have said GTFO biznatches!  We left with the quickness and won't be returning.
4	Happy Hour from 4-7pm Tuesday -  Sundays. All Drinks are half off, including the amazing mojito's! There is close to a dozen mojito flavors from original to mango and coconut! Yummy!I ordered the original mojito and asked for less sugar, because mojito's are made with simple syrup. I guess that was my version of a "skinny" mojito. The bartender made it rather well. Now that it is starting to get warmer in Las Vegas, it was delightful and refreshing happy hour drink I enjoyed at the bar before my party arrived. They make their mojito's the correct way with lots of freshly muddled mint and freshly squeezed lime juice! The bar is sectioned off by a large glass panels. The patio and outdoor seating seemed pleasant, however, that is where they allow smokers to smoke. :/ If there is any kind of breeze, non-smokers will enjoy some second hand smoke on their behalf. I believe on the weekends, the restaurant turns into a latin dance party....Whenever I eat here I always get the same thing. The "Arroz Blanco, Frijoles negros Y Platanos Fritos" which is white rice, cuban style black beans, and sweet plantains. I usually substitute the plantains for yucca mojo, which is their signature dish. Nothing short of amazing! Yucca is a root that is slowly steamed down to its perfect texture, almost melting in your mouth. The mojo sauce consists of olive oil, garlic, lemon/lime juice. Also topped with sauteed onions. Their cuban style black beans are also slowly cooked down, they don't use stock, it's just water, the beans and spices reduced down to the perfect texture. This dish is GLUTEN FREE! :)The service is usually better than average. This time around our server spoke good English so the language barrier was not an issue, but most of them, English is a second language. The menu is in Spanish and English, so that too is helpful. Don't forget to finish your meal with a cuban coffee! Oh yums! Basically it's espresso with sugar, if you prefer. Just gives a nice jolt after eating all that yummy food!
5	I love this place the Cuban food is so good and the people are so nice we dance all night long and had a blast we will always go there when I want to shake it.
3	Plantain chips were delish!Pineapple mojitos are a must!!!!Pork we got was dry. Would only go for drinks and apps next time due to over priced food and lack of quality.
1	We called to reserve Havana Grill for June 24th, a Monday. As you can see the website shows open on Monday and it was confirmed for a party of 16 for that day. We all show up and it's closed and the sign says closed on Mondays. I had called a couple of days before to ask if I can bring a cake for our party that Monday and she said oh yes, she checked to add that to our party reservations. They lost out because another restaurant seated all of us for the party! I won't go back, unprofessional service.
5	Vegetarian meal was sooo good. Delicious fried sweet plantains! Excellent service and meal
2	Took advantage of Groupon offer and was really hoping past experiences would not be repeated in regards to service.  Food as usual was just okay but service continues to be horrible.  Upon being seated, our waiter took care of patrons that came AFTER us...okay possibly an honest mistake.  But then our waiter NEVER checked back with us until the very end of our meal...inexcusable!!!
2	We've eaten here a few times and enjoyed the food.  In the past, we were the only people in the place.  So service wasn't an issue.This weekend was a nightmare.  We told our waitress that we just wanted some light appetizers and some drinks as we were catching a movie next door.  She seemed upset or frustrated that we were not ordering a full dinner.  We each got our drinks pretty quick - but after an hour, our two appetizers still hadn't arrived.  While sitting for that long I did find the Groupon deal and bought it while I was sitting there.Now we were up against the clock and we couldn't wait any longer.  I told my family to go check into the movie and I would let them know we're going to leave.  After 15 minutes, I still couldn't find my waitress. (The place isn't that big and there must have been a half a dozen food servers in a small and moderately busy restaurant ). FINALLY  she came out - with my food packaged to go. When I told her this was ridiculous - she snapped back at me and said they were busy in the kitchen.  Now I have $50 check and I get to go put it in my car for a few hours.  I asked to see the manager and suddenly her English was not all that great.  I tried to show her my Groupon deal and she just walked away with my credit card and the check - with an attitude.If I wasn't late and my family already sitting in the theater I would have complained further.  So I was late for my show, the food simply went in a trash can and dinner consisted of one drink and some bread drenched in butter.  So now I am stuck with this groupon because I am not sure i really want to go back.  Maybe the manager will try to make it right.I gave two stars simply because of mediocre visits in the past.  I really WANT TO like this place.  I just don't know if I can get past the service.
5	Mojitos. I suggest Havana, pineapple, or mango mojito. If you are really not a mojito fan the sangria is to die for as well! If you can catch Carlos working he makes by far the best drinks! The food here is also great, ambience is perfect, love the patio seating!
3	We had a Groupon and decided to try this place out.  Coming from Florida, we had high expectations. We were surprised that the place was empty at 12ish on Thursday.  We were literally the only customers.  The place is very nicely decorated. The waitress told us that we couldn't order Cuban coffee because the machine was broken.  We were disappointed.  So we ordered food and mojitos.  The food was kinda bland.  The mojitos were ok. At the end of the meal, a different waitress offered coffee.  Turns out the machine wasn't broken. Wtf?  We probably won't be back.
5	My hubby and I love this place. The staff is fantastic- very attentive and entertaining. We had a party here on the patio and were amazed at how over and above they went to accommodate us. Great drinks, great food.... make sure you try the tres leches dessert!! So good!
3	Honestly I have eaten here about 3 times and I cannot remember what I ate. Yes, it is that memorable. But the Cuban coffee is fantastic, so if that's what you are looking for, here it is! I give it  three stars for the coffee.
5	Wow, that was awesome!  Great food, fast service, a little pricey but definitely worth it.  Definitely coming back.  It's a well kept secret.  I read prior reviews and was prepared for a small restaurant with slow service and found the exact opposite.  Definitely coming back.  Best Cuban food in town!
3	Trying this place out with my Cuban friends. Heard this was the place to be for Cuban food so why not. They have exceptional food here! I got the picadillo and it was amazing. Service was a little slow that's why I gave them 3 stars. Should not take 20 minutes to get water to the table, but oh well. The food was exceptional so it makes up for it. I would recommend and come here again.
4	Ever since coming back from Miami and experiencing their cortadito coffees, my friends and I have been on the endless search for this espresso drink. I've always known about Havana Grill as my hairdresser and fave eatery, Jun's, is in the same complex; I guess I just never had the chance to eat here.One morning I convinced my roomie to come with; and boy did we have more than just cortaditos! lolWe were the 1st ones there and I had read reviews about coconut water in their mojitos so, I had one (or two). It was very refreshing. I think too much ice as I was done with my 1st one very quickly...I guess I was thirsty ;)Ordered shrimp ceviche, 2 orders of plantains (obvi), and vaca frita for me; and lechon asado for him. The waiter's recommendation of shrimp ceviche was so good as there was lots of shrimp and avocado, not just lots of onions. After we finished the ceviche, we just kept dipping the chips in the lemony sauce.Plantains are always good. Sweet and crunchy on the side. YUM. I could just eat that and rice, like a Filipino breakfast.Vaca frita is something I ordered based on the tips on Yelp but, I had no real clue on what it was. And deng, was it delicious. Shredded beef and onions and garlic was sooooooooooooooooooo tasty; and went sooooooooooooooooooo well with the rice. UGH. So reminiscent of Filipino breakfast with the garlic and salt on the rice.Roomie loved his lechon asado. He said it was better than what he imagined it would be.  We were about to leave when the waiter asked if we wanted coffee.....can you believe that we almost left without the very thing that got us there (cortadito)!!!?!!!! lol
3	Had late lunch here yesterday. The restaurant was a bit dirty..weird food pieces on the floor near our table, waitress was very slow and not bright or attentive at all, and there was only one other couple dining in the restaurant .. the food was pretty good tho. We ordered arroz con pollo, chicken tenders, plantain appetizer, and the salmon. Three stars is for the food, if they could clean up the restaurant and get some better wait staff I'd give it 4 stars.
2	As I moved here from FL, where I am accustomed to excellent Cuban food, I tried to be as neutral as possible when reviewing this restaurant.  I ordered my old favorite, Vaca Frita, with Moro and a side of Maduros since the plates don't come with Maduros.  The Vaca Frita was extremely fatty and the Maduros were so scorched, I was trying to peel off the black parts to get to the sweet plantain portion, but they were not salvageable.  The restaurant looked clean and the staff was friendly so I may try this place one more time to give it a fair shake (will order the Lechon Asado/Pork instead though) so let's see what happens on try #2....for try #1, and for the drive I took to get there, I was not impressed.
4	Let me get right to it: we started with the papas rellenas, which weren't all that special, but definitely edible. I had the ropa vieja de pollo which was excellent! I ordered it with moros and an extra side of maduros. The moros - I've definitely had better, next time I would just order rice and beans separately - this made me sad, because moros are delicious if done correctly. The maduros were cooked well! We also had the pan con bistec which was flavorful, but the bread to steak and stuffing ratio was a bit off - too much bread, not enough stuffing. I would come back to try more - especially their happy hour which looks fantastic. I would give this place 3.5 stars, but yelp doesn't allow for that, so I boosted them up a half star because their service was on par ;)
1	If I could give a negative star I would. My friends and I used to come here a while ago and it was really fun. Service tonight sucked. Alejandra (the waitress) doesn't know how to do basic math. She sucks. We wanted to do separate checks and she couldn't do that. It took her about 15 minutes to run our cards and that's with my help. She wanted to charge $13 for 2 waters, are you kidding me?!!!! Food was ok, nothing special. Music was good, DJ was nice. Bad service, yet we were force to tip. We decided to never come back and we are going to make sure none of friends  one either!
4	I love their Vaca frita.The plantain is really good.  The service could get a little polishing. I go there when I have a craving for beef. Music is up beat. It is convenient because it is near the theaters and my favorite Korean Restaurant
5	Yes, yes, yes! I LOVE this place! So much, I don't know where to begin.Let's start with the food.  Latin food is my favorite.  The food is packed with flavor! Nothing that will stop my heart right away either.  And there's a perfect amount of it in the food.  I've had  enchilado de camarones and maduros.  I usually order this and pick off others plates.  My, oh my.  Never disappointed with my choices because they always taste so good.  That happy "this taste so good" chair dance usually wiggles its way out of me.  Seriously so good and packed with flavor.  All taste buds get in on this action.  When I go with other people, they love it, too. I came here for my birthday, and all guests were well fed.  The table fell silent for a while because we all were so into our plates.  Just heard forks and knives to plates.  Some had never been before and loved it.  They were also pleased with the service.They are always super friendly! Walk in and there is someone greeting you, sometimes in spanish.  While at your tablem they always come back to check in and make sure everything is going well.  They have a bit of humor as well, which makes the experience better.Come on the right night and they have live music and salsa! Baya! Can't go wrong with that. A portion of the restaraunt turns into a nightclub and people are movin'! Those with plenty of experience and little to none are on the floor.  I fall into the category of little experience, but I still get out there! You can come here eat authentic latin food, and and genuinely have an awesome time, away from the glitz & glam that is the strip.
5	The service is great and the food is even better. Doesn't need much more explaining than that!
4	I was a Cuban stuck in Vegas due to a storm.  A friend easily cheered me up by taking me to a place that prepared dishes like my grandmother, perhaps because its mostly Cuban staff with owner onsite.  Great palomilla steak and tostones.   Mojitos excellent mixed in classic island style.  get the appetizer plate with drinks for sure.  Hasta la proxima!
5	Absolutely delicious! I will definitely be going there again. The people are very friendly and the drinks are very yummy.
5	We celebrated my husbands birthday lastnight there the staff was very friendly and the food was delicious. We had 16 people and the bill was very reasonable. We stayed longer to enjoy the DJ and do some dancing. Would definietly go back.
3	The food was on par with anything I could order in Miami. Being Las Vegas, that is an achievement. The staff were polite, but unremarkable. The bread reminded me of crappy Texas toast. I'm glad it was complementary, because it wasn't worth paying for.The appetizer platter offered an assorted selection of tasty treats. The Cuban food was not hot-spicy, but very flavorful, as good Cuban food is. The Cuban sandwich was all right, but nothing to write home about.I ordered the Bistec de Pallomilla. It was expensive for a cheap fried steak, but tasty.Skip the flan. It is utterly unremarkable.The restaurant was dead, and the service adequate. I still can't understand why you tip a staff to make you're own suggestions and box up you're own leftovers. In short, get the appetizer plate and some drinks and call it a day. It's worth a taste if you're in the area.
3	Alright, as I sit here, leftovers depleted.  I long for the Havana Grill. The Cuban sandwiches flavor intensified after a stay in the fridge. The Bistecca and Frijoles Negros , more complex.My greatest regret is that this place is so far across town, because I'd be there now....
4	The only place that I have been able to find a great Cuban sandwich.  The staff is very friendly and they have a great happy hour!  Perfect before going to see a movie.
5	The vegetarian plate is surprisingly delicious for how simple it is. The mojitos are exceptional as well.
4	Listen up YELPERS...If your in the mood for 1. Amazing coffee, 2. Strong Mojitos 3. Live music, 4. Dancing This is the place for you!
5	Let me start off by saying that based on the reviews, I truly believe patrons are reviewing the wrong restaurant. This is the place you want to be for the most authentic Cuban food in Vegas in the cleanest environment. (aka NOT Rincon Criollo)Phoenix has yet to produce an authentic Cuban restaurant but thank goodness we found Havana Grill. This place makes me feel like I'm back in Miami. One thing you must know about Cubans...our lives pretty much revolve around family, food and really big get togethers. That being said, I have been a patron of Havana Grill for years. My Abuela pretty much knows all the service staff. My parents even had their Anniversary dinner here. Let me tell ya, these people know how to throw a party my goodness it was amazing!When you walk in, the atmosphere changes...whether you're stopping in for a casual lunch or a romantic dinner, you will find it all here at Havana Grill. As soon as you sit down you want to make sure you order at least one of the following or both: Pan (bread) which is pressed with butter and oh so delicious and/or marequitas which are pretty much thin slices of plantains fried to a golden perfection served with a mojo with is a heavenly mixture of fresh garlic and lemon juice.I ordered my favorite, Pollo a la plancha with moro and tostones. Pollo a la plancha is chicken pounded flat, marinated in a lemon, garlic, salt and pepper that grilled to a juicy perfection. Juicy on the inside with a toasty outside. SO GOOD! Moro is a lovely mixture of rice and beans that is just to die for. Tostones (plantains fried, smashed then fried up nice and crispy) and you've got the perfect meal! (In my opinion of course) the service never ceases to amaze me! I make it a point to come in everytime I visit my Abuela in Vegas!!
5	Well it isn't Miami, but it is the best Cuban food in Las Vegas. The tostones, vaca frita, lechon asado, platanos maduro, yuca, flan and tamal are extremely authentic. The rest of the dishes not extremely good but not horrible either, in some cases not really Cuban either. I have to say being Cuban I miss the food from Miami, but this is as authentic as it gets. It turns into a nightclub/restaurant after 9pm on the weekends and can get a little loud, but the ambiance is nice. The staff is also very pleasant. I am giving it a five star rating again because it is in Vegas. If it was in Miami it would get a 3 1/2 star.
3	If you know what a CUBAN sandwich SHOULD taste like you need to go here for one, haven't had a better one in Vegas. Fried plantains on the side? Yes!!! My favorite sandwich dish, and the texture of the Cuban is not easy to master. I'm not fond of the location but customer service is decent, I say give it a go.
4	Happy hour food and drink are tasty. The bartenders are nice. The sangria is the best I've had in Vegas.
1	I don't get this place. Maybe we ordered the wrong things, but my husband and I left extremely disappointed. The shrimp ceviche was overly drenched in lime juice and were served with grocery store chips, the tamales barely had any filling, the puerco fritas were extremely dry, and the mojitos were watered down. The best thing about our meal was the free bread.
4	About the 10th time I've eaten here. And I'm sure there will be10 more. Service is very good, as is the food. The lunch prices are the best for a sit down meal. The quantity is enough for anyone,plus.  Thankfully not spicy. .just right. The flan ,one of my favorite deserts, is a little disappointing.  But yesterday we had a desert that was flan topped with shredded coconut that was out of this world,
5	Just went back for another visit and, of course, the food was on par! They even brought in a new chef who I had the pleasure of meeting and chated with for awhile. He's from Miami and is very particular about his black beans. This dude is gonna make some serious changes to the place and I'm looking forward to it!
5	We really enjoyed the food service and the waiter!!! Really an enjoyable experience and for sure we will be back!!
5	Oh My Gosh!!! I don't know where to begin...We had my daughter's quinceanera here and it was beyond amazing!!! The owner/manager Lucia went above and beyond to make this the most amazing party ever. Her professionalism and attention to detail was second to none. I had people coming to me all night telling me how delicious the food was. Their food is always great so I had no doubt it would be good. But we had a buffet and the food was fresh and replenished and the wait staff were friendly and attentive to all of my guests. Even though they had another large party in the other part of the restaurant, our service was not in the least bit lacking.Now...about the DJ! DJ Crazy was OFF THE HOOK!!! The mix kept everyone from the 15 year olds to the 50+ year olds dancing and partying the night away. He took my pictures that I had incorrectly formatted and turned them into a beautiful presentation that did not leave a dry eye in the house. I literally had someone tell me it was the most amazing and fun party she had ever attended.If you are looking for the best venue in town with the best entertainment, the most delicious food and the highest professional and friendly staff in town, do yourself a favor and go see Lucia at Havana Grill.Thank you for making my daughter's special day go off without a hitch.
5	This place is always a hit. I love the mojitos. Every dish I order is great.
2	Dear Yelpers you have led me astray... This place was no where near as great as everyone said it would be and for the money I spent I was expecting great Cuban food. I had the loma saltado and it was supposed to come with papas and to my amazement there weren't any, not to mention the food to me was bland and I could not taste not smell any garlic and where is the cilantro? I've had my share of Cuban and Puerto Rican food and I must say I was not impressed not even a little..... It will be a long time before I return.
4	Place was very nice and food is decent. My Abuelito is Cubano so sadly this was not as delicious as the homemade food I grew up on but it was pretty good. The mamey shake was very good and presentation of the food was good. The water was very good too (not tap). We had pan con bistec and pan con pollo both good. I was missing the Cubano au jus but overall pleased with the experience and the staff was great.
5	The food was excellent. We had the lechon asado, yuca frita, sandwich cubano and masas de puerco. Service was very good.
5	I may be biased being Latin but Havana Grill has got it going on in the realm of Latin grub! La Mezcla de Aperitivos (Mixed Plate of Appetizers) is a great place to start if you are not familiar with their menu items, providing you with a great spread of items to try out. I would say the two most common Cuban items on the menu would be the cuban sandwich and paella. Their paella is just okay imo. Things that they have that are amazing are...tamal de maiz cubano, papas rellenas and my all time favorite masitas de puerco fritas but make sure to dip them in the vinegar!The sangria and their mojitos are definitely a MUST but don't waste any time, just order it by the pitcher b/c it'll save you a few bucks in the end.The tab can add up fast so we like to visit during their happy hour (4-7p daily, I believe) bringing you select discounted appetizers and half price pitchers of mojitos and sangria as well as other drink discounts which is definitely worth the trip!
5	We came here from california we loved it we got arroz con pollo , pork in garlic sauce plantains etc! All was good!
5	my husband and i had our wedding reception here and it was amazing!! four years later and people still tell me how great the party was and how amazing the food was. The service was outstanding!!! we live in hawaii and my husband is a cuban from the east coast. he family all agreed the food was spot on. the went above and beyond to help with everything!! go there please!! you'll say the same!
4	I went with my gf and another couple for some late night drinks and salsa dancing (w. a DJ). It was a good time but the dance floor was kind of small. And the music was deafening but besides that we had a good time. Beer was $6 for a budlight which is kind of pricey for the venue. Would go again for dancing. I haven't experienced the live music yet.
5	Went there during the day right when they open so we had no worry about wait time. Staff was pleasant but not really in full gear since it barely opened, so getting drinks and bread took a little longer than I would have liked having been the only people there. That is the only objection I had to my wonderful experience there. My girlfriend had the carnitas while I had the Lechon sandwich. Having had Cuban sandwiches before this one did raise the bar to one of the best I've had ever before. Wish we went during the live music and later in the evening so we could have tried the mojitos. We will be back soon!!
5	My go to for cuban food from now on.  Very relaxed atmosphere and friendly staff!  The vaca frita was delicious and the cortadito was exceptional.   Definitely coming back!
5	Great authentic yummy food! Coming from the east coast where there's more options for Latin Caribbean food, this is your best bet for Las Vegas. I recommend the Pollo a la plancha (grilled chicken breast) with arroz blanco con abucheas rojas And maduros.   The severs are friendly and they also have take out which is convenient. Best Cuban spot in Las Vegas!
4	Great lunch time specials, although they will generally run from $10-$15. The food tasted authentic. The portion sizes are what you'd expect for the price. I think I'll likely be coming back here :)
1	Typically, I love coming here. The sangria is amazing and the ropa vieja is to die for... However; it was 9:24 and the flashing "open" sign said they closed at 10 o'clock... So I walk in with people who also love the food and they tell me they are closed. It was over a half hour before closing time and they won't serve us. I do love the food, but without good service, there's no way I can give it a good review. All I wanted that night was a good dinner and good drinks so they kind of ruined my day... And I'm just visiting. As I said before... The food is amazing and I would have given it all 5 stars if it wasn't for tonight but I can't let a restaurant keep a 5 star status when they do something like that. I would never do something like that.
1	I order my drinks during happy hour. The waiter ignores me trying to pay for like 20 min. Finally takes my payment right when happy hour ends and charges all my drinks full price. Come on dude. Thats clearly on purpose to get more money out of me. Not cool.
4	This place is one of our favorites. Very accommodating for any size group. They also do separate checks for large parties. But best of all their food is delicious. Definitely a place we will continue to frequent.
5	Best Cuban food I've had outside of Miami. I grew up there and  the menu brought me back home.  Everything was delicious. Portions were large and had enough to bring home. Can't wait to come back multiple times and eat the entire menu
4	Amazing Chef!!!! Authentic Cuban food, and I know as I was born in Cuba.... Great Cuban sandwiches, mariquitas with mojo are sooooo good. Love bistec empanisado and lechon asado.  My hubby loves the papa rellenas, croquetas and rice and black beans. Always clean, always well informed and quick servers. Awesome for catering too.  Have bee faithful patrons since they opened
4	The menu is extensive and is dressed in the traditional culinary garb of Cuba --they have ropa vieja, paella, tender sirloin steak, the famous Cuban sandwich, shrimp enchilada, slow-roasted juicy pork, the traditional fried cow, shrimp, and rice and chicken. All meals are accompanied by white rice and black beans, or colorados. It's a fun and a relaxed atmosphere. In addition the place is pretty clean, and offers live entertainment on the weekends. I couldn't stay for the live music but wished I did. Service was good. The prices are a bit high for Cuban food which is very inexpensive but that is probably due to the fact that this is the nicest Cuban restaurant in the Las Vegas area.
4	I've been looking for a good Cuban restaurant for years and when I started dating my boyfriend, he took me here. The food is so good.
1	I was craving Cuban food when I flew into Vegas. I found this place online and decided to try it after reading reviews. It was Monday around 8:30 pm and they were closed despite lisiting online they were open until 10 pm. I drove across town for nothing and leave town tomorrow.  They should really update their listings online.
5	Love the ensalata Havana and the pollo plancha. Everything we have had here has been amazing.
5	I'm from Las Vegas and every time I am home I try soo hard to get to Havana Grill!  I am absolutely OBSESSED with their black bean soup!  It's amazing.  I always order a bowl instead of a cup because it's a large portion, and it takes everything in me to save half to take home.  Something about the spices in this soup are too perfect.  I also always ask for extra onions on top. I love it, I love it, I love it!For lunch, I will always get the Bistec sandwich (half size).  It's very tasty and very filling, especially after my soup.  The bread it comes on is buttered, garlicy, and toasted.  For my side, I usually get fries (I don't even like fries that much, but I do like them here at Havana Grill), and my Mom always gets the plantains.  Their plantains are on point!!  I only wish they were open on Mondays, too!
4	Nice food , wonderful service , I love the garbanzo
