1	Extremely bad service. This happened to someone else whom I met... was very unimpressed. My boyfriend and I went to Evos (On S. Eastern and Sunridge Heights Pkwy.) to try them out again. After we had ordered and were waiting for some food, this guy Nick came in and asked to use their phone to call Ace Cab. He didn't know their number because his cell phone had died, and needed to call 411. He had been waiting 25 minutes outside for this cab already, which had not arrived. Poor guy didn't even have his contacts and wasn't a local, but had been out in the area for a party, so he got stranded.I let him use my phone since I don't pay for 411 (Thanks google!) and he called them, to be informed that a driver was on their way to pick him up. He got off the phone and asked me how far it was to the strip, because he was thinking about walking.We told him it's about 5 miles to the edge of the strip, but when we found out he's going to NY/NY it would be more like a 10-15 mile walk from where we were, and it would be unsafe, so he chose to wait for the cab.My bf and I finished eating about 25-30 minutes later, and I got a phone call, so I went outside. After I was done on the call, I noticed the guy STILL sitting there, waiting for a cab... by this point he's been waiting almost an hour, in 110 degree heat. I offered to give him a lift up to the strip since I was going to Teavana anyway, and he accepted. I called Ace Cab to let them know that we would be canceling the cab, since the poor guy had been waiting outside for an hour by this point. The dispatch woman was extremely rude and huffy, telling us "I TOLD him that there was someone ON THEIR WAY." My response to her pretty much summed it up. "Lady, don't hand me that bullshit. It doesn't take an hour to drive across Las Vegas or Henderson. Your drivers don't want to leave the strip for a paying fare because they're lazy and rude, so we're going to give the guy a ride ourselves."She got angry and hung up the phone, and we drove the guy to his hotel.The manager at Evos told us a few days later that a cab showed up almost three hours after that point, looking for the guy. Talk about shitty service. :(
1	DO NOT USE THIS CAB COMPANY IF YOU ACTUALLY NEED A CAB!We called a little before 4:45am. We gave them our address, including building number and room number. 20 minutes later we called back to check, and was told someone was on the way. Called back 10 minutes later, and was told that they arrived, but didn't go to the building/room and we should have been at the front waiting for them. They said he would come right back. We quickly walked to the front of the resort (5-10 minutes) and the guard said that no ace cab had come. Instead of waiting any longer we walked out to the street and hailed a cab in less than a minute. Thankfully got to the airport in time, and made our flight home. WORST.CAB.COMPANY.EVER!
1	i recently rode in a taxi owned by ace cab company and want to spread the word of my extremely offensive experience.picked up the cab at a taxi stand at ballys to head over to the las vegas convention center. when i mentioned my destination the driver immediately knew what tradeshow i was attending. ok. trying some chit chat.he then said that the people he has taken there had been good customers to him. he then went into an anti-semetic rant that not only stunned me but scared me since i am jewish. he said that the people going to my tradeshow were good tippers "unlike the jewelers." he proceeded to say. when i asked why he thought that he said "because they are JEWish. and that the jewish people certainly live up to their reputation." then he asked me if i was jewish. i told him i wouldn't answer either way since he just said what he said. his response? well you don't look it."boycott this company. and spread the word.
1	Went from the airport to my wife's apartment near Henderson. Came to be about 16 dollars. Handed the driver 20 bucks. When I asked for my change they asked if I tipped. Um yeah 15%. they handed me 4 dollars back and I handed them 3 dollars. They didn't try to take it and said I was cheap as they slammed the door on me and drove away. What terrible customer service. They were even lucky that I were to give them a tip as their service was nothing noteworthy. I would avoid using them if possible. Their customer courtesy is lacking.
1	I called at 4:30 PM to reserve a cab for 8:00 PM, from my home to the strip, and was assured that the cab would be outside my door at that time. Fast forward to 8:10 PM, which was when I called to find out where my cab was. I was told that they were still trying to find someone to come to my house... wait, didn't they have over three hours to do that? Still, I needed the ride, so I sighed and agreed to wait another ten minutes. After that ten minutes, I got a call from the dispatcher saying that they'd found someone to take the call and he'd be there in ten minutes. So now my ETA was 8:30, and I needed to meet a friend at 8:40. For the biggest concert of the year. I was not happy, but what could I do? So I waited. At 8:40, my driver called. He couldn't find my address in his GPS (later, we came to discover that was because dispatch had given him an incorrect spelling). I gave him verbal directions, then called dispatch again.I voiced that I felt this was unacceptable. I had called ahead so that I could avoid a long wait and being late to meet my friend. The dispatcher seemed pretty unconcerned that customer that would be paying approximately $40 for their service was, at this point, irate. The man I spoke with said, "Well, everyone is trying to get to the same concert you are going to." I replied, yes, that was why I'd called well in advance. He remained blase and largely unapologetic. At that point, my driver finally arrived, so I hung up.At nearly 8:50, my driver arrived. I have no complaints about him- he was courteous, drove like a bat out of hell to get me to the strip in a timely fashion, and he had the decency to do what his employers wouldn't, and apologized. Unfortunately, I remain completely unimpressed with the company as a whole.I would not recommend Ace Cabs, at all. They were unreliable and unapologetic. And worst of all, they were nearly an hour late, and I missed the first three artists at my concert as result. Major fail.
1	U guys serious I gave this company 2 chances its Sunday nobody is on the strip on Sunday I called last Sunday.hour ahead and asked for a cab young lady named lissa answered the phone she help me I was happy but 20 mins went by without a call. U called its lissa again I asked of someone picked up the call she she was.gonna call me back I told this her I have to be there be four two.  I waited till 202 and got on the bus. The cab driver called me and said do u still nerd a cab . Sure I do. Got of the fukkin bus and.got back on cause he was 20 mins away then I called ace and canceled. Cab driver kept calling me....... He still calls. Now today I called at.1230 I said I have to be at this place b4 2 (its lissa again)when say sorry and the samething happened twice  I'm pissed the Fuck off at this cab company. If I loose my job I'm comming to take there's. THE NEED NO STARSS pieceds of shit.
5	Called co. at 5;28 am from California for my Boyfriend who was stranded at the BMW dealership on the west side of Las Vegas. I requested that they hurry since my guy was freezing out in the cold. I received a call back at 5:36 informing me that the taxi was at BMW. Sent B.F. a text and he was in the cab, all in less than 10 minutes. The gentleman on the phone was really nice. Great customer service!
1	Oh hell no. My cab driver called me SIR on the phone. Was rude in the cab then wouldnt shut up. He actually asked ME how to get to a major hotel on the strip. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! After the terrible service I decised not to tip him but he REFUSED to give me change. I called to complain and got fucked around by the people at the call center AND the dispatch center. Im ashamed that ive been calling this company to send my clients home. After finally riding with them i will never ever use them again.
1	Ace Taxi is by far the worst taxi company I have come across. Last week I had to catch a bus that was leaving at 2:30pm from the Excalibur. I called the day before to reserve a pick-up at my house at 1:45pm with strict instructions to not be late. About 4 hours before the expected pick-up I called, again, to confirm that someone was coming and they assured me that they were. At 1:50pm I was standing outside my house, bags in hand, waiting... I then called to see why the taxi was late and the women on the phone told me that no one was on their way. It was the worst feeling because I had already paid for my bus ticket and was left with no option. On top of which, I was traveling to see my fiance who I missed dearly, and felt I was not going to be able to see him. In a panic I ran to my neighbors house, who I have only spoken to once, and asked if they would give me a ride, which they nicely did. DO NOT USE THIS TAXI COMPANY!
1	The first time we used them our Drivers name was Doug and he was AWESOME (thank God we got his number) unfortunately the next time we used them (because Doug was off duty) we were told a 30 minute wait but they gave us another cab company's phone number....we said we didn't need the other number we would wait the 30 minutes...I called back an hour later and was told we hadn't even been dispatched yet!! So we waited another hour still no cab! I remembered the number they had given me, called it and it was the ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICES for "A" Cab Company...that company gave me the dispatch number and those people said 30 minutes...within 15 minutes they were there...45 minutes AFTER I got home the Ace Driver tried to call me to let me know they had taken the call NO THANK YOU 3 hours after my original call!!!
1	It is fraudulent not to tell passengers we will be charged $3 to use a credit card. Every cab I've ever been in and used a credit card it has been at no extra charge. For Ace, it's a $3 charge and it's not posted anywhere and the driver didn't mention it when we asked him if he takes credit cards. It would be very simple for the company to put a sticker on the card swipe that states the fee or for the driver to simply mention it. We had cash and didn't learn about the fee until the transaction was completed. Fraud!
3	On a recent trip to Vegas, I took a cab from the airport to Green Valley Ranch in Henderson.  It cost $26 with this cab company.  The guy didn't long haul me either, so I was really impressed with that.The only thing that kept them from 4 Stars is that the cab smelled like dirty socks and the interior was dirty.Return Factor - 50%
1	Oh my gosh these people SUCK! I called to get some information and spoke with a lady named Devin or Davin and she could not have been more awful. It was clear they were totally not into helping their locals. She was rude short and completely annoyed at my calling. I will never recommend or use this company or any other company associated with them (Union, ANLV, Vegas Western, Virgin Valley, Ace, ABC).
1	As a local who travels frequently for business I was shocked when I called to reserve a cab for 4AM and was told they no longer make reservations. Having to wake up an additional 45 minutes early on an already long travel day to call a cab is ridiculous. Ace has just lost a local that had provided them with rides a minimum or 4 times a week.
1	I would give -5, if I could. I am a tourist so before I arrived, I checked approximately how much I should pay from the airport to my hotel. Of course, I finished paying more than I expected. A driver did not say a word to me the whole ride and he was unhappy with a tip. He started YELLING at me and called me a 'MOTHERFUCKER'. I was refused to get a receipt what stopped me from getting reimbursed by my school. I am a tiny, college girl and I have never had such a bad experience with anyone anywhere. I took my luggage and left as fast as I could because I almost burst into tears in front of my hotel. I cannot imagine how a business can let their employees treat customers like this.
1	Disgusting dispatch service and drivers that LOVE to sexually harrass women and take them on terror rides not letting them out of the cab. Twice already they've been reported Taxi Authority. Since drivers went on strike they're hiring psychos and allowing Vegas locals to be long-hauled and disrespected. Worse service by far. I am a local in Vegas so heed this warning. For 4 years this cab company has been ruining our tourism by displaying Neanderthal business practices and hiring sexual offenders and criminals. Nice job Ace. Tourists and locals seek anyone.but this.company and their sister cab companies. Deposits for drivers dont exist. Taking the expressway NOT the only way to get to a location. Take their cab number name and time they we were working. Call their employment and the Taxi Authority. Its that easy to report a negative experince.
4	Wow, alot of bad reviews. I guess I am the exception. I met Lulz and he was a very nice person. Took a faster route as I was coming back from my destination saving us some money. Very happy. Cab was stocked with info about Vegas. Basically, they were better than Desert Cab Service.
1	This place operates like providing poor service and doing so with a bad attitude are respectively rules 1 and 2 in their employee conduct guide. It is at least nice to know i am not the only person to suffer this joke of a company's treatment.Dear dispatchers*: "Please do everyone a favor and get caught violating your parole ASAP. You are absolutely not fit to interact outside of prison walls."*Technically, i may be wrong calling you 'dispatcher'...i suspect at least one of you is also the owner-manager.**With that said, it is quite safe to assume that the owner-manager is minimally a registered felon and more likely a full-on psychopath.
1	Worst. Cab. Company. Ever. Walk, bike or Deuce it if at all possible. Very unreliable transportation. Good thing it's not an emergency, geez the fact of the matter is they're very picky about what neighborhood they come to and where they're taking you. They tell you they'll call you when they're outside yet they don't and expect you to sit out in this ridiculous heat waiting for them for hours on end. I'm pissed that this company doesn't give a shit about their customers nor their drivers for that matter.  If you have a license you could work for them, god forbid you speak any English, that doesn't matter. Do yourself the favor and find another company to use. Save yourself from the headache of these people.
1	I am absolutely appalled at what happened early yesterday morning.  My husband and I flew out to Las Vegas to celebrate our 1-year anniversary.  Long story short, our return flight home got delayed several times, so Delta Airlines offered to put us up in the South Point Hotel for free, along with vouchers for 2 meals, and round-trip taxi service to and from the airport.  The Delta manager I worked with highly encouraged me to make sure that whatever taxicab service I went with, to make sure they accept Delta vouchers.Fast-forward to 6:00 yesterday morning.  I went to the Valet stand in front of our hotel, and asked the gentleman there if he could help me find a cab to get us to the airport.  He brought the Delta voucher over to one of the cabs that was waiting there, and quickly motioned for us to come over to the car, as the driver supposedly said he would accept the Delta voucher.We put our suitcase in the trunk, and got in the car.  The driver (I believe his name was Anlv Talaid; badge number 111590) just stared at the Delta voucher as if he's never seen one before.  He didn't seem to know what to do with it.  Anyhow, we assured him he can get reimbursed for the trip with this voucher (which would have been about $27).Then, the nightmare began.  This guy had absolutely NO IDEA how to get to the (McClarren) airport!  At this point, it was too late to select another cab company.  He had already driven off and was on his way.  My husband and I didn't really know the area at all, but we did know enough (from memory of driving to the hotel from the airport the first time around) that we were totally going the wrong direction.  Our cab driver could not understand any English to save his life.  He couldn't even understand very simple commands like "make your next right" or "turn here."  Meanwhile, we kept on looking at our watches, watching precious time tick away, as we got more and more convinced we were going to miss our (7:20am) flight.  Thank GOD we had our iPhones on us, and were able to give him directions with our GPS.  He admitted to us it was only his second day on the job.  I don't have a problem with that, but what I do have a HUGE problem with is, if you're going to be a taxicab driver, getting to, from, and around all the local airports should be second-nature to you.  I did give him a $1 tip for getting us there alive, and gave him a very strong suggestion that he learns how to get to the airport - and fast - without having to get help from his passengers.  This was absolutely unacceptable.  For a destination as time-sensitive as an airport, we didn't have any time to mess around.  This guy was TERRIBLE!!!
4	My experience was not too bad.  I was told 30-40 minutes ended up being like 55 minute wait. Kind of expected that I also live in a confusing part of town (Centennial Hills) other than that driver was pleasant car was in good shape. Car had a credit card swiper which I prefer over them calling in a credit card number.
1	If you have anywhere to be in under two hours DO NOT CALL THIS COMPANY. They are horrible and give false pick up times. I waited an hour and a half to be picked up and the driver seemed drunk and didnt know where he was going. Should have taken the advice of previous reviews. I don't know how this company is still in business. It's flipping crazy!
1	I searched google to see if this taxi company service my side of town first, then I call this cab company and on their website they say " Local, Would you believe 15 minute pickup in the greater Las Vegas area? Become a believer! Just call 702-888-4888 and we will pick you up and get you to your destination quickly and safely. " In reality at 330am on a Wednesday morning I called them and gave them my address and told them I'm looking for a ride to the airport. He responded and said ok we will be there between 30 to 45 minutes probably sooner because you are going to the airport and the driver would call me when he is outside. I said ok. So about thirty minutes into the wait I followed up with the company to check progress he said the taxi had been dispatched 2 minutes ago. Thirty minutes after that I called back asking what happened he said it was canceled and a new taxi would be there in 20 minutes. 20 minutes later there was no taxi after wasting an hour and a half I just drove myself to the airport and left my car in long term parking out of concern that I might miss my flight. What a waste of time. How do you advertise 15 minutes times for local and you can't show up at 3am with no traffic in a weekday and a hotel is 5 minutes down the street from where I live. Maybe finding a taxi on the street is a fair deal but if want them to pick you up my outcome is a possibility for you!
1	If I could give a rating below one star I would!  Was waiting for over 45 minutes and when we called back to get an ETA, the lady who answered the phine said that they were going to send an availae taxi!  Ugh!  Good thing we called another cab co who got there in less than 10 minutes! I do not recommend this cab co at all!
5	Used them for the second time today. I know most of the reviews are bad but once again had a good experience.  Driver was earlier than expected car was clean driver was pleasant.
1	Left me waiting, no show! I called after over 30 minutes and they said no one is in the area or on the way! Not even a phone call to give me a heads up, could've been waiting there and missed my flight!
1	This is the worst cab company in Las Vegas. They will quote you an hour and IF they show up it's 2 hours later.  Desert Cab will take reservations and they actually show up on time.  I am a local here and don't understand why it takes so long with Ace.  Also, the receptionist told me the quote she gave me was just an estimate.  So are we supposed to call 5 hours in advance to make sure we get to where we are going on time?? Ridiculous!! The only reason they got one star is bc I had to give it to them.  They deserve a negative!
1	Just got rolled by this cab company! Cab lady took us from the Stratosphere all the way South of town to the Airport. It cost $46.00 and took about 25 minutes!!! DO NOT DRIVE WITH THESE PEOPLE!!!!!
3	RESULT: The parent company Frias resolved my issue. They took the time to research and find the cab and driver using our credit card information. They did a full investigation and although I don't know if the driver got reprimanded, they were very diligent in the follow up process. I guess I would take an Ace Cab again, but next time I'll double check to be sure I don't leave anything behind.EDITED: Below is my initial post. One day after posting I was contacted by the parent company and they are looking into the situation. I appreciate their effort and I will let everyone know if anything comes of it.ORIGINAL POST: Driver was rude and a thief!!! We left our ipad in the car and so I left a message on their lost and found number and never got a response. However, we got a call today from a guy who bought the ipad from the taxi driver. Sounds like a scam, but no matter how it went down the driver did NOT turn in the ipad and the company never got back to me. I understand Ace is one of many cab companies ran by one parent company. I would (& will) avoid them all if this is how they conduct business. At least follow up. I realize it's difficult to monitor all the drivers, but at least pretend to care.
1	These people dont even deserve a damn star. I called a cab at 12:00 in the afternoon.  They said it would arrive around 40minutes. An hr past i called them. The guy answered and said i dont know.. i cant tell u where the cab is. Another hr passes..  i say fuck it and started walking.  Bullshit,  ghetto ass company.
1	I was in my personal car when I was passed  illegally in a one car turn lane on the strip.then the driver gave me the bird and in the process almost ran down five people walking across the street.(the people walking had the walk light). When I called, I was told by one of the driver supervisor that it was not his company and not his problem. I found out he lied to me.when I called back they sent me to a voicemail...do your self a favor and call Henderson cab they are great. I would never recommend this crap company.very rude and very unprofessional. It is crap like this that make Vegas look terrible. Never again will I call this company. I would have given them no stars but it made me.**** ****???if you get long hauled or anything you do not deem right....call the las Vegas taxi cab authority. Take the car company and cab number.
1	If I could give Ace Cab Company 0 stars, I would.  Over the Memorial Day weekend, Ace Cab Company drove me from Caesars Palace to Americas Best Value Inn.  I left my phone in the cab by mistake.  I then used someone else's phone to call my phone.  The cab driver (who had a very distinct accent) then called the number back from my phone, so at this point I was 100% sure that I had left my phone in the cab.  Now, the nightmare begins...The driver called my friend's phone from my phone, telling me that it was left in the cab.  Immediately, I tried to make arrangements to retrieve my phone from him, but he hung up.  He called back again 2 minutes later--only to hang up on me before I could make arrangements to get my phone.  I called my phone several times after that, but no answer and no call back.  So, I called the company directly and told them exactly what happened.  I tried to get them to radio the cab driver but they wouldn't.  Several hours later, after 20 calls to Ace Cab employees that were either indifferent, rude, or downright jerks, I was FINALLY able to reach a nice guy in their security dept who actually called the cab driver's cell phone.  By this time, the cab driver's phone was going directly to voicemail so I just had to give up for the day.  Assuming I would never see my phone again, I went to T-Mobile and signed up for their service just so I wouldn't have to pay $600+ full retail value for another Verizon iphone.  Fast forward to May 27 when I returned home from Vegas--I made several attempts to call Ace Cab and tell them that the cab driver has my phone, but they very rudely "assured" me that if he had the phone, he would've turned it in to their lost and found by now.  So, basically, I left the phone in a cab and the cab driver did Lord-knows-what with my iphone.  I understand it's my fault for leaving it in the cab, but it REALLY angers me knowing that the cab driver had called me from my phone two times and, two weeks later, my phone is nowhere to be found.  I have filed a complaint with the Las Vegas Taxi Authority.  I will NEVER use Ace Cab again.  I would recommend to anyone reading this that you avoid Ace Cab at all costs.
1	Nicole is the most unorganized dispatcher I've ever worked with. The cab was an hour late and the driver drove in circles to rack up a bigger ticket. Wouldn't recommend these guys to anyone.
2	Picked up from the airport and AGAIN a complaint about where I'm going. Sorry cabbies, I like to hit up Mr Lucky's in the Hard Rock for some chicken soup and a sammie when I get off a long plane ride (yea, typically I'm hurting a bit). 'Hard Rock? Not far!' Complains the driver. He didn't say anything after that, so I'll 2-star it instead of 1, but why are these people such d!cks? Quit your whining. You're back at the airport in 5 for a other pickup. Another bad impression given to any new person arriving in this town. Thanks, Ace!Bonus: He forgot I said HRH and brought me to the regular hotel entranceSide note: Nicole (who responds but ultimately does nothing to all of these cab complaints), please don't waste your time and message me.
1	One of the worst cab companies in Las Vegas. Most of the driver's for Ace Cab Company are rude and have terrible driving skills, or they just do not care what they hit with the cab. When they are in the cab line at the hotels they scream and argue with other drivers. They don't want to drive people from the taxi lines at the hotels if they are not going to a destination that the driver approves of. When did cab drivers become so choosy about where they drive people? That is ridiculous. Also, they do not want to drive intoxicated people. Really? That is what taxis are for in this city. Should we let all the intoxicated people drive themselves?Avoid this cab company if at all possible. Not a good choice. I would rather walk.
1	Awful service, called for cab at 10:12am, called again at 10:41am, said any minute at 10:50 still no cab, called sgain, said 5 to 10 mins. No choice but to drive myself to airport. Don't stress yourself out, pick another company. Frustrating start to weekend getaway. :(
1	So fucking terrible. I've had several bad experiences with this cab company. Particularly in the way they try to long haul customers. However on this particular morning I'm extremely annoyed because I called for a cab at 545AM they tell me it'll be to me by 615. It's now 655 and the driver has called me 3 times for directions. Why in the hell would you be a cab driver if you don't use navigation or have any sense of where in the fuck you're going? He calls and barely speaks English asking me how to get from where he is to me. I tell him 215 Far Hills exit. The exit right after red rock casino. Not difficult right? Oh no, 2 more calls after that asking for step by step directions. So I finally tell him, "Listen, if you don't know where I am, call your dispatcher, it's not my job to direct you. I call the company tell them where I am and ask for a cab." Jesus Christ I hate this cab company.
1	Asshole driver bilked me by charging $2. upon entry to McCarran Airport. The fee is only for leaving. What a cunt.
5	Jonathon Bridges, you are an amazing taxi driver. Thank you so much for your service on 11/22/14. He was attentive, giving us useful information around the strip. He even asked us before we hopped out of the taxi if there was anything else he could help us with. He was sooo nice! I can't thank him enough! If you are calling for a cab for this company, ask for Jonathon Bridges. Trust me.. we all know how typical cab drivers are in Vegas especially.. he is different! TRUST ME!
4	Got picked up from LAS in Vegas and wanted to go to MGM Grand. Quick trip, cabbie was polite and social enough without being awkward. He did, however, park right in the middle of the walkway to let me out, which caused me to almost get hit.
1	Can driver just finished his 5 minute rant about how we are inconveniencing him by making him go North rather than South...and how we didn't signal him correctly. Ummm...sorry?!?!? Crazy bad service, rude driver, nonsense.
