4	Total Business Solutions has really helped me get my company organized. They handle my payroll, monthly sales tax, P&L's and year end taxes. The staff is very attentive and helpful in answering my emails and phone calls. My meetings with Jason are always productive and useful.
5	I can't say enough about how Jason has helped me. I've been though 6 different CPA's who don't care enough about strategically helping me save money. They punched numbers into boxes and then fixed my taxes. Jason helped rearrange my business to an S-corp which ended up saving me $60,000 on my taxes! I would highly recommend using him if you want to minimize your tax liability. He's sharp, intelligent, and gets the job done well.
1	We hired this company in the summer of 2013. They had a great website and the owner, Jason, had a very dynamic personality said he was an 'Enrolled Agent with the IRS, etc. Seemed good. My first clue should have been they were more concerned about getting their first check, than they were about the information needed to create the bookkeeping and tax files. Months would go by without hearing from them and when you'd send an email, there would be no response. When you called, they would say there was an 'email problem' and to send it to a different email address. Then there was always an excuse for not replying; "I'm traveling.", "I'm not in the office", "I'll have ____ check on it", etc.Tax times rolls around and the owner brags, "All businesses wait until October to file their taxes, I've already put yours on an extension."  Great! Then I got calls from my folks that said they hadn't received their 1099's. The office couldn't find the information, so I resent. I gave them numerous documents to work on bookkeeping, and nothing ever got put in place.Finally, I called the IRS and asked if an extension had been filed? The answer? No, but we see someone TRIED to file an extension on June 17th.  Of course, when I called Total Business Solutions, Jason was 'traveling', but would get back to me the following week. I went into the office and asked for my tax documents. They handed me the same envelope I had given them and not one single letter or document with tax information had been opened.The bottom line? I paid this company more than $3000 in less than 12 months and never received one item of work in return. IRS 1099's not filed, personal and business taxes not filed, no bookkeeping, no receivables/expenditures, nada. But they did deduct their monthly fee.I have subsequently found out there are several others with this experience.  Be very careful about hiring this business. If you do hire them, make sure you keep copies of all communication because chances are, you'll need it later for Court.
5	Jason has been my accountant now for 5 years. He handles both my personal as well as my two businesses. I would never use anyone else. He has saved me a tremendous amount in taxes and taken a huge burden off checkbook and my shoulders with his strategies and advice.
