3	This is a chain restaurant so the menu is predictable... almost. Mimi's has a fine traditional of being "out of" things at certain times of the day. A good example is quiche. They seem to make a whole bunch of it in the morning and when it's out, it's out.The food is overall good and they have a good kids' menu, which is important to us. The kids' entrees can be served with fresh fruit, for example, rather than fries. They also come with a unique dessert that our kids love. This particular location is hit or miss as far as service goes. Half the time we've had great service, and half the time it is terrible. There don't seem to be any patterns in the times of day or days of the week that the service is bad -- it just happens randomly, about half the time.Overall, it's not a bad pick if you need to get off the highway quickly and don't want Olive Garden, In 'N' Out Burger (sacrilege - who wouldn't want that?), or Cracker Barrel.
1	I went here a few months after being diagnosed with celiac disease.  It was a nightmare.  It was only my second time eating out since I had been diagnosed.  I had heard they had a gluten free (GF) menu.  When I asked for it, they brought me a dirty binder that had about 75 typed pages in it.  In one section of the binder, they said a certain dish was GF, and then in another section it said it wasn't GF (and it was one of the desserts that you knew had gluten in it just from hearing the name, I can't recall which it was now).  When I found a chicken dish that sounded good, I cross-referenced the regular menu to read a description of the dish since the binder didn't have one.  The dish wasn't in the regular menu.  When I asked the waitress about it, she said they no longer made the dish.  So, to summarize, the GF menu was contradictory, out-of-date, and had no dish descriptions or pictures.  By the time I ordered after about 20 minutes of examining the menu and quizzing the waitress, my hubby was starving and I was almost in tears.  After all that, when they brought my salad, it had croutons in it.  I wrote their corporate office about the experience and never heard back.  I will never go back to any Mimi's Cafe; if corporate doesn't care enough to address my concerns, then I don't care to spend my money there.
3	I have been disappointed with trhis Mimi's several times because they are out of this or that and it's often.  Managers are great if they are around.  Wait staff is hit or miss.  I have had amazing service and very very bad service.  I attend this place quites often and only about 65% is it worth while, but in a small town without a lot of choices you take what you can get!
1	The food was decent but what really got our attention was when we entered  (4 of us) the greeter put us in a room off the side of the main room all by ourselves.  I noticed that in their main room there was a booth that was open, and 2 tables capable of seating  a group of 4.  One other group of 3 came in and they were taken to the main room immediately.   What is up with that??/We all noticed that we were in this other section all by ourselves and what made them separate us from the rest of their patrons?  Last time we go there and we will be telling others about this as often as we can.
1	Our third (and last) visit, each more disappointing than the previous.  The server dribbled my drink on the table and didn't bother to clean it up.  She left her drink tray on our table for much of the meal.  My wife ordered the Riesling wine (a white), which arrived as a red wine.  When brought to the server's attention, we were told that the bartender wasn't sure which Riesling to provide, so a red was selected.  Like it was our fault.............Riesling, by the way, is a white wine.  The pork chop meal my wife and I each had was dry and tasteless, with no evidence of the sauce described in the menu.  Never again!!!!
2	2 stars, would have been 4 if the service was at least decent.  Hard to justify waiting 25 minutes before someone came and talk to us after we were seated.We came here after hiking Picacho so we were too tired to leave but this is shamefully bad.  Food quality was actually pretty good, better than the Chandler's Mimi, but after the drinks came and food order was taken, it was another 25 minutes before the food came.  Refills were slow, the lady who helped us tried to smile and apologize but she was certainly quick to drop the check off when we barely finish eating.  So25 mins wait for drinks order25 mins wait for food order30 mins to eatcheck was not late, came right as soon as she took the first few plates off.Oh and we did not go during rush hour, we were there at 2pm.  All in, we got out of this place at 10 till 4.  Not impressed and kind of shocked that a national chain could be so bad.  If anyone from Mimi Corporate is reading, just send someone over there and pretend to be a late lunch client on Saturday, guaranteed a very full report.
2	My friend's and I have had breakfast and lunch here a couple of times. I like that you can call ahead and reserve a table so you don't have to wait, or you can get your order to go. They also will send you bogo free coupons to your email all the time. That being said, the food isn't very good at all. Everything is so bland, I need some flavor. My friend ordered a BLT last time we went and the waitress brought out a sandwich with just bacon with extra lettuce and walked off without an explanation. When she came back we told her it was missing the tomato, she said "yeah we are out", what? That's something you should have mentioned before she ordered it, that's a big element of a BLT to miss!
1	Service was horrible! Took forever! Ordered pancakes and they came burned. Don't waste your time coming here.
4	Great for Breakfast! Like the fact that they use real eggs here instead of the eggs blended in a carton. Portions are large enough too share usually but I guess this is dependent on your appetite. Good coffee, fresh oj & the muffins are always a hit. Service and quality is always top notch here.
5	Big delicious portions and great service - we eat here every week and have for 5 years or more.  Probably the best restaurant in Casa Grande.
4	Meal was very good, I had the filet of sole, waitress was attentive, however did not clear plates when I was finished. Service is almost always an issue when dining @ Mimi's. see the other reviews for Casa Grande.
4	We had a lovely lunch. The service was perfect. The server was patient and gave us plenty of time to order and then was quick to make sure all our needs were met.
4	Had lunch. Food was good. Had their special salad. Service was great. Not hovering so we could talk.
1	Had to send back the kids meal and our soups. This was first time we had to send back all our food. On top of that the manager was rude about it. We won't be going back anytime soon.
2	long day in phoenix and on the way back we stopped over in casa grande to get some grub.the husband suggested this place because he had read about it when we were on a different vacation and said we should try it.i've never had french food before, so i was struggling with what i was looking at on the menu. some of the words were just too complicated for me to even pronounce! haha.ended up with the turkey dinner. it wasn't very hot when it came out. very little dressing.  husband got french onion soup, the kid got mac n cheese.had to get up and find the waitress to ask for more gravy and a refill on my soft drink because she never came back to check on us. it's not like it was busy. maybe had 2 other tables.
4	Mimi's breakfast... My breakfast date cancelled, but the breakfast was incredible!   First time at Mimi's Casa Grande for breakfast: Pommes Lyonnaise sans bacon with fresh fruit and a cappuccino. (Wait, you can get a cappuccino here? Yup.). The server was a little odd, but the service was lovely. The hostess, waitress, set-up and manager all visited my table to say hello!! Cappuccino was yummy and presented well. Pommes Lyonnaise was beautifully presented, poached perfectly, and the fresh fruit was actually fresh! And to top it all off - a complimentary muffin to say "thank you". Mimi's and the stuff are on my good-list.
3	The food here is better than decent. The Cobb salad is always fresh, the dessert trio is a decadent indulgence, but... And this is huge...the service is terrible, let me say that again, the service is terrible. The  host/ess never looks at you, the wait staff has been indifferent the cocktails take forever, easily 10 minutes. The follow through is haphazard. My recent visit was sad...we sat for 15 minutes waiting for someone to bring our check.  I had to go to the kitchen to find someone.This is not the first time for bad service.  I'm a local and only visit here when I'm tired of the other places in this small town.
5	This place was AMAZING. The entire time we ate, my boyfriend and I were continually looking up at each other in surprise and happiness.  I describe our experience with the food but it would seem almost sensual and absurd.  I am definitely coming back.
5	Food is very good compared to other Mimis. I had the bacon, avocado and sourdough burger which tasted good. The service was good, the only drawback was hearing all the discussions going on in the kitchen.
3	We wanted an early evening meal at 5pm, even completed a priority booking request on line to make sure we could sit down to eat at 5pm as we had plans in the evening.When we arrived we were told we would have to wait about 20mins evening though it was 5pm and the priority didn't mean we would sit at our time it meant we would be first in line for the next free table!Waiting staff were rushing around, felt a little rushed to make an order. The food was typical Mimi's Cafe,nice filling and tasty meals.
5	The menu and service has improved 100% at this location. Love the chicken crepe with salad. I recommend you give it a try!
3	It was very delicious and tastey.
4	Face facts, Casa Grande Az offers very few decent dining options.  I am not a fan of corporate food, but this branch of Mimi's combined with their new menu is pretty darned good.  Also, it's the only place I can get moules et frites!  Wasn't a fan of the bouillabaisse as it was overly salted and the seafood seemed a bit 'old'. My husband enjoys their burgers. It's inexpensive and also close to Target, World Market and Sephora.Oh, another plus is the servers are tremendously helpful and friendly.
