4	I had a three night stay here for business - this place was recommended by a colleague.Good location - near Tempe...It's a really nice property (boutique hotel) - nicely appointed rooms painted in a brown and orange color pallete, with mid-century furniture pieces. The king size bed was nice and comfy, pillows were soft and full. My room also had a whirlpool tub, which I used once. Very relaxing.My room faced the El Dorado park - it was an okay view.Free wireless, as well as a 27" CRT television, CD-player, microwave and mini-fridge in the rooms.A nice touch was a complimentary bottle of water and two cans of soda in the fridge.I didn't get a chance to check out the pool, but it did look nice from afar!
4	This is a nice little motel (it's not a hotel.) It's an old motor hotel that someone spent a lot of money renovating, and then spent more money adding 40's and 50's modern decor. The rooms are on the small size, and we had three people sharing a room with two queen beds; kind of tight in there. However, two people, one bed would have been very nice.We had a refrigerator, microwave, DVD player, safe and Wi-Fi (which connecting to was easy.)And thankfully, since we arrived at midnight, I was very happy that the lobby was open, and someone was on duty. So check in was hassle free.In fact, we were told upon check in that there was someone in the lobby 24 hours a day, every day. We'll probably stay here again, since our trips this direction should be increasing.
5	This was a fantastic little find for me - not knowing where to stay, what areas were good, bad, etc. - the 3 Palms fit my exact needs.   For $81/night (i think this was a deal) I had an exceptionally clean room, a nice desk space, the shower was fab & the bed & linens definitely won me over.   The free wi-fi in the rooms sucked badly, but once I found out they had a little guest lounge, that worked well for what I needed to do.    I would think though, that if I were traveling on business, and wanted to work from my room, this would be a problem if the wi-fi situation is always this bad.   It appears that this place may have been a former 70's motel, but they certainly did a nice job with the makeover and disguised it well enough for me.   The staff was exceptionally helpful and professional, and the pool / grounds were immaculate.    The location was central, but quiet neighboorhood feel.   A nice little fridge, microwave, safe, ironing board, hair dryer, cushy bath robes & coffee pot provided.   Sweet little spot, and I would definitely stay here again.   Contemporary mod attempted design & feel.
4	I have stayed here twice and recommended it to friends who've stayed 4 times. This place is a great bargain, in a not so great location. Sure its cooler to be in or near downtown Scottsdale, but for the price and what you get this place is great! They redecorated some years ago and the rooms are really cool, HDTV, all the amenities you could want, and very cool decor and furniture. Great find in Scottsdale.
1	This was the worst "hotel" or motel I have ever stayed at!!! I sincerely hope no one stays here ever again!! We could here everything I neighbors said and did, including them hocking loogies!! We demanded our money back and 1 MONTH later finally got refunded! this place is a DIVE and they steal your money =( I agree, this place deserves ZERO stars!!
5	I just have to say that my recent stay at the 3 Palms was exceptional. Even though the wedding party I was with might have been overwhelming (we occupied about 50% of the rooms), the staff here was more than accommodating to our needs. Hotel Manager R.J. was very responsive to some of our last-minute requests, while front desk clerk Samantha was very pleasant to interact with when we really needed to get things done.When you have such a landmark moment as a best friend's wedding, you really want things to go as smoothly and perfectly as possible to make the experience memorable. Staying at the 3 Palms and prepping for this special day made a world of difference. The facilities were modern and comfortable, as was the poolside lounging. Having the upscale restaurant Avalon and disc golf course nearby was just an added bonus (though my game is a little rusty).Thanks again to the great staff at 3 Palms. If I am ever in the greater Phoenix/Scottsdale area in the future, I will definitely look to these guys to put me up for the night - and I highly recommend this establishment for anyone else that is looking to do the same.Robert Konves
4	This is an awesome little hotel to stay at if you're looking for something hip, young, and cheap!For the incredibly low price of about $50 per night this place is totally worth it. I can only describe it as having a little bit of swank and swagger- a very 'today' feel. The rooms have a 'modern mixed with contemporary' vibe.  The bed, pillows, and sheets are all ridiculously soft. The water stream from the shower is more powerful than my shower at home! The place also has a very cool pool area and a gym. I didn't use either area, but from what i could tell they were both very clean- See my pictures!The room i stayed in- the light in the bathroom was broken and the shower neck was lose from the wall... Also, the toilet area is pretty small, but these were minor inconveniences. If i ever visit the Phoenix area again I definitely wouldn't mind staying here another time!
4	I found this place on Expedia and for just $37 a night. Loved the decor, the staff was very friendly and the rooms were spotless. The location is great if you're doing stuff in either Scottsdale or Tempe. DIdn't get a chance to check out Avalon which is their restaurant but I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a nice place to stay in Scottsdale without having to break the bank.
5	You know how you've read reviews where someone gave Michael Minna 4 stars and Pakwan 5 stars and you're thinking "how is that possible???"  It's all relative to your $400 dinner versus your $24 dinner.This is one of the best conversions I've seen and I've seen A LOT of them (see prev references to "traveling gay circus")  If you're "in the industry," you might be thinking it's not a conversion, it's technically a remodel.  Trust me, it's a conversion.  It was a motel in the truest sense of the word and it is now a boutique, um, something else (the doors are still on the outside.)  You would stay here. You would be a little farther from the places in Scottsdale that you want to be, but you'd stay here for a night or two.
5	I wasn't sure if I should give this place 4 stars or 5 stars, but when considering how much we paid for this hotel and how nice this place is, I think it deserves 5 stars. The lobby was beautiful. Completely modern and very bright. It almost hurt my eyes.  The host was friendly and we were checked in very quickly. We had booked our stay through expedia and paid around $59 per night.The rooms were great. The color scheme worked perfectly. Oranges and browns, with hints of green. We had the standard deluxe room.  It had a comfy couch and table, and a nice sized TV with a DVD player, a small fridge, microwave and safe. The room also came with free wi-fi ...and that is always a plus when you aren't from the area. You can go online and look up all the great places to visit.Now lets move on to the bed.... It was so comfortable, I almost would have rather stayed in bed all weekend. The down comforter was just amazing. It was like an over sized marshmallow with matching marshmallow pillows. The bathroom was on the tiny side, but for a standard room, I wouldn't expect anything else. The pool was beautiful. It was very modern and had a pool bar. The view from our room was beautiful. We were over looking a cute park with a lake. There is also a media room that has two internet readied computers with printers, a big screen TV and couch, and fresh coffee and tea brewing.I really enjoyed this hotel. They have a restaurant ( Avalon ) on property as well that was fantastic. I recommend stopping by for dinner if you stay here. This was a fantastic weekend. I am really glad we found this hotel.
5	Loved it. The rooms are Modern plush, and efficient. Like most rooms in Europe. A little smaller then normal American rooms but unless your going to play on the floor its not really noticeable. It had everything you could want in the room. The pool was great, hot tub was over sized and wonderful. This was a last minute stay and and wonderful surprise. Inexpensive for the quality of the hotel We where given a coupon to the Avalon restaurant that occupies the same parking as the hotel. We tried it and its a must eat place in Scottsdale.
2	I *wanted* to love this hotel, I really, really, really wanted to. But I didn't. At all. And will never return. Here's the good, bad and the ugly of why. First off, I'm the staycation type. I'm from Scottsdale and I take a few too many breaks from reality in Scottsdale here and there, usually at the Valley Ho. So I'm used to the whole cute room, nice pool thing and as far as all of that goes, 3 Palms delivers. But the staff left so much to be desired. So, so, so very much. I was quoted one price on a room and then told it couldn't be honored a few hours later when my fiance called to book it. I was given the runaround, then give the manager's name. The guy was nice enough ad informed me that he couldn't honor the price I was quoted, because, well, prices change minute to minute. Then, he honored the price. Thankfully.  When we checked in, there was a substantial line and one employee working. He had his hands full to say the least, but the lobby is nice and, well, we didn't mind waiting. We eventually checked into our room with no bellhop help or offer of a luggage cart, had to park on the street (what?) and then called the front desk to inquire about something. After being put on hold three times, we were asked to call back. Oh, well.The bed was comfy, the room was cute and we brushed off the above indiscretions in the a.m. We were craving bloody marys, I'd heard the hotel restaurant had good ones, so we swung by the front desk and ask for the coupons we saw being handed out the night before (to all of the folks checking in ahead of us). We were actually denied the coupon for a couple of bucks off--just silly! Again, my bar is set pretty high. Valley Ho standards. But you can get really great service and an even better room there for not very much more cabbage. There ya have it.
4	We have stayed here a couple of times in March while visiting Phoenix. Great place. The pool is unique and always a highlight for us. Nice Jacuzzi. Big field next to the hotel with a lot of bird activity. Have seen rabbits around the property, which is kind of cool.The rooms are on the small side, but if that doesn't bother you, this is a great place to stay. Good bang for the buck also. Even during Spring Break prices aren't too crazy expensive.
4	Very nice place for the money. Converted old motel into a renovated modern motel. The lobby is very chic and looks hip and modern. Reminded me of going into a J. Crew store at the mall. The lobby is very open and everything is white. The pool is very nice with a small waterfall overlooking the pool and they had a bar that was not in use. There is also a deck for sunbathing and underneath the deck is a shaded area with tables and a television. My friend and I booked a 2 bed room. It is small and cozy, but perfect for us. I could not imagine trying to stay in one of these with a family of 4. The beds are very comfortable, but everything is white so I was afraid to get anything dirty after we came from ATV-ing in Sedona, AZ. The bathroom is small, but adequate. There is an iron for your convenience. The television is a nice flat screen with a speaker system that can be used as a CD player or surround sound. I did not try the surround sound, but the CD part was nice. The location is convenient to ASU and downtown Phoenix. It is probably a 5-10 min ride to ASU and a 15 min ride to Phoenix. The room also has wireless which was nice since I need internet access. It is right next to a park, which gives a good view. The place is a little hard to find because the sign is small and somewhat hidden.
3	Would probably give this place 3 1/2 stars.  Calling it is a resort oasis might be a stretch.  The small lobby is very cool and the staff was very helpful.  They were very accommodating when we asked to change rooms( Switched from a room with a hot tub to one without).  While the property is up there in years the staff does a great job of maintaining it and keeping it clean and nice lookingOur thought was to do a "staycation" in Scottsdale for the July 4th weekend with some friends.  Figured for the price and the location, it couldn't be beat.  Have to admit both are very good reasons to stay there.  We did like our rooms and even with the hotel pretty busy, we didn't hear lots of noise outside.One word of warning, you do get what you pay for.  There was nothing wrong with the hotel , but it seemed like the low price also attracted lots of others.  Needless to say, it looked nothing like the W poolside ( poolside is where we planned to spend the majority of our stay).  While we did enjoy ourselves, the amount of kids and overwhelmed parents put a damper on things at times.Suggestion:  Don't come here on a holiday weekend!One cool thing was that we didn't have to sneak our drinks into the pool area.  Shoot, some people wheeled out their big ol' camping coolers out to the pool.  Wouldn't discourage anyone from staying here...just don't think you are staying at a high falootin' Scottsdale resort
3	Ohhhhh, the Three Palms Resort.  How, oh how, our relationship is so bittersweet.The first time I stayed in this hotel was for my friend's bachelorette party in April of this year.  We decided to get the 2 queen suite because it was cheap and provided ample room for all the ladies to stay in.  When we got there and checked in, we couldn't find parking anywhere.  We had to park far away from our room.  Whatever.  Room:  The room was awesome!!!  We had almost a mini-kitchen in our suite and a fridge that held PLENTY of liquor!!!  The fridge is about 4 feet tall.  The decor is modern, yet extremely retro, with hues of poop brown, burnt orange, puke green...you get the point, but I LOVED it!  The bedding is VERY comfortable.  There were 2 bathrooms in our suite, 2 tv's, all the works.  We had a room facing the pool, which was nice.Location:  The location for this hotel is amazing.  You are centrally located to many nearby attractions in Old Town Scottsdale and cab rides are cheap as hell to anywhere around that area.  Try the divey sports bar across the park...can't remember the name of it, but drinks are CHEAP.Staff: This is where my rating goes bad.  The first time we got this room we had a male dancer come for my friend.  He arrived in his fire fighter gear (people must have saw him when he was by our room in front of the pool with his boom-box).  With a bundle of ladies, and only around 9 pm, our man went to work.  15 minutes in to serving his customers (us) we got a knock on the door.  It was security telling us we were being TOO LOUD and that we needed to turn it down.  WHATEV.  So, the man kept at it, and another 10 minutes later we had another knock at the door.  This time, we were being too loud AND apparently we didn't have the blinds closed all the way and people at the pool could see the action.  So, we closed the blinds, turned down the music, and went back at it.  The THIRD time we had a COP at our door.  WTH?!  It was not even 10 pm yet and we were already about to get the boot from this place.IT DOES NOT STOP HERE!The second time I stayed in this place, I once again got a suite.  This one had a jacuzzi in it.  My friends and I got back to our room at about 1 am, and not even 3 minutes after we got in we had a knock at the door.  Low and behold it was security telling us we were being TOO LOUD!  I said we JUST got in to the room.  He then tried to accuse us of parking in front of the fire pole and told us to move, except it was not our vehicle!After the second time of getting interupted, I decided to write a review on their website about my experience.  Needless to say I have not heard back about my stays.  I am a paying customer and pay to stay in a hotel to go have fun, drink, and party, especially when I stay in a suite.Be forewarned on your experience.  I will go back because the location is good, the price is cheap, and the room itself is awesome, but the security and hotel staff suck.
1	If i could give place 0 star, i would! I booked this hotel based on the rating i saw for it. When i first stepped into our room, i thought it was nice...until i went in the bathroom, trash wasn't taken out and the smell of urine was so strong. The jacuzzi wasn't working. We called the front desk and they sent people in to replace the trash can. They couldn't fix the jacuzzi either!Not enough, when we were getting ready to leave, we found out that the door wouldn't lock. We had to get all of our stuff to our car since we had to go to dinner. Called front desk to let them know about it, they said they will go take a look. An hour later, they still haven't done it when my boyfriend went to the office to talk to them. They apologized and said the water pipe broke in a different room so they were trying to take care of that. They upgraded our room to a suite. My boyfriend went to the new room  to check it out, everything looked fine till he opened the door to go out to the car to get our luggages, the whole door knob fell off!!!Now he's walking to the office with the door knob on his hand, they again apologized and offered to refund out money and give us gift cards. At this point, my boyfriend is already furious and said he just want another room, and will not stay here ever again!!!Additionally, there are some very rude guests staying at this hotel. So unless you want to deal with all these, i suggest pay more and go to a different hotel!
3	From the shape of the building and the layout, it looks like it's used to be a motel and later renovated into what it is today.If you are looking for a comfortable hotel in Scottsdale and don't want to pay high price for a room, this is a good place.  Three Palms has a nice size swimming pool.  I like the updated decor.  It has a modern-retro feel.  One thing always tickles me, I'm not sure why they have down comforter on the bed .... this is Arizona.  :0)It's only about 10 minutes drive to Scottsdale Fashion Square, and 20 minutes from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport.  Great location and Great Price.
4	My Parents and grandparents stayed the weekend and thought it was decent for the money.  The check-in person was too young to really guide where to go besides the obvious.  There was a mismatch for my parents age range but the front desk person was ok.  With all the Sr's traveling they may want to have someone who can speak Sr.The rooms were nicely decorated.  Location is near a nice park (right out the door) and close enough to drive to most tourist spots.  Its an older redecorated place that is worth a visit.
4	I was a little wary of staying at this hotel after reading some of the negative reviews- but note that they've recently renovated so I think some of those reviews are out-dated. For the money ($50 a night on travelocity for a 3-day weekend in september) it was an excellent choice. The rooms were very trendy and retro-chic. The beds were incredibly comfortable (duvet covers! I love that they wash ALL the bedding you might touch!), there are large tvs, big comfy robes in the drawer, and a very nice bathroom/shower and dressing area. The restaurant on-site is DELICIOUS with a full bar. As good as the very expensive restaurant we went to down town, but with better pricing. But it does turn in to a club on weekend nights, which draws an interesting crowd. Note that it's not walkable to downtown or really anywhere, so you'll either want a car or be prepared to cab it (its maybe $10 each way to downtown) but there is a large grassy area nearby to walk in. The pool doesn't really get all-day sun, so if you want to lounge at a pool in the sun all day this isn't hte place for you.
5	FANSTASTIC!!  My husband and I just moved to Arizona from NYC and chose to stay here for 9 days until our new house was ready to move into.  For starters, the price can't be beat!  Additionally, the beds are VERY comfortable and the linens are soft and comfy!!!  Equally important...the roooms are very clean!!  The staff do an excellent job in making the rooms inviting and clean.  The overall upkeep of the hotel is excellent. The TVs are big and they offer DVD/CDs players in the room.   I read in another review that the walls were thin but we had neighbors and didn't hear them once during our entire stay.  The front desk staff were very helpful and customer focused!  We had a room in the back when we first checked in and the wireless didn't work so they moved us to a room closer to the front right away, w/ no issues.Great location next to a park and restaurants close by.  Avalon, next to the hotel, is crazy good!  We ate there 3 times and it was consistenly delicious!We would definitley stay here again and would recommend that friends visiting stay here.  A great deal overall for an incredible value.
3	The new owners have done a pretty creditable job of turning what was an old Holiday inn (or maybe Quality Inn, does it matter?) into a "boutique" hotel. Location has its merits. It borders the Scottsdale greenbelt. More importantly for inveterate cheap-asses like myself, it's within walking distance from a Taco Bell and a  grocery store.The rooms have been nicely re-done and feature hip Eastern-style furnishings and nice high-thread-count bedding. Some of the rooms have built-in Jacuzzis, and isn't that fun? The spa near the pool is very large and the jets are almost "endless pools" powerful.I found nothing not to like about this feng-shui-ified motorlodge. If you can get in there at a good price and the location fits your needs, go for it!
5	3 Palms is a jewel in the desert. The lobby, as others mentioned, is usually busy and takes time to navigate. We have stayed here a number of times and have a scheduled visit coming up. It is in a good location near a park, within walking distance of a grocery and a couple of restaurants. What I like: the rooms are updated and spotlessly clean, coffee served in the internet room in the a.m., pool and hot tubs handy and well kept, restaurant onsite now. What I love: the value of the dollar, you get so much more by staying a little farther than Old Town Scottsdale yet convenient to everything nearby, the staff though busy try hard to please. If it makes a difference, we are retired professionals with a pet.
4	Personal experience tells me that most guess do not care about decor, comfort is more in the line of what they want in a resort style environment. At the 3 Palms you find a refurbished unpretentious 70's/80's motel style building that has been made alive by both comfort and decor. The lobby of the hotel could have been a layout of Dwell magazine. A display that includes alligator textured wall paper, white sofas, glass, mirrors and stainless steel and great illumination, a perfect example of modernism. But to those who do not care. The ample rooms exhibits the same treatment and detail in wall papers, carpets, granite bathrooms plus TV, fridge, CD players, free WI-FI great beds, pillows and linen. To top all that, warm, helpful and knowledgeable staff, with an unbeatable price. A great personal treat.P'S. Ask for a room with views to the park.
1	Pro:     Nice jetted tub, and nice roomCon:-When we got to the hotel, the building looked like it was a motel.; very plain.  When we got inside however, it looked nice, just as the picture presented.  First negative point against them was that we paid for a nice hotel price, but got motel rooms.-When we checked in, there was only 1 person working at the desk.  So one person took about 20 minutes. You can tell that the hotel was recently converted from a motel, becuase the front desk looked like... wheeled in front desks.  Very cheap looking.-We came on a weekend that has a special marathon event on the entire McDowell street, so they had to blockoff the entire street, and hotel customers can't park in the parking lot, but have to park across the street.  Security wont let us exit onto the street from 6am to 2pm.  So now we have to carry out our luggages, 4 heavy lugagges across the street in the morning to check out.  Wtf?  It was either leave really early or leave really late, and neither was a very good option.  The hotel should have compensated us somehow for inconveniencing us like that.  Very bad on their part. Not only that, but when we booked the hotel online, they didn't even let us know that there would be an event that might've inconvenienced us.       We will NEVER EVER go to this hotel again.  Worst experience EVER! Even though the event was out of their control, they kept saying, they should've done something for us or compensated us in some way for the inconvience. -o and the walls were super thin!  we were downstairs, and heard ppl  moving around!-cheapy ac unit also doesnt work. We were soooo hot.  -.-
1	ok looking hotel, a little pricey.  service was kind of bad, waited a while for the front desk to pick up my call.  They put me on hold for 20 mins, and I just hung up because they were taking too long.Other comments were right, the walls are thin here.  I can actually hear a couple in the next room going at it.  Basically, wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone of my friends, there are definitely better places for cheaper.The pro is that this hotel is close to downtown Scottsdale where there are alot of eateries and clubs around.
4	This place was beyond our expectations.  The reviews on Yelp were a great help
4	I had a really hard time deciding whether I should give 3 Palms 3 stars or 4, but I figured I may as well give it the benefit of the doubt.First, the negatives: The walls are indeed VERY thin.  Add to this the fact that the "hallways" are all outdoors, and in some cases just feet away from the pool and/or parking lot, and it can result in you being awoken late at night by an inconsiderate guest.There's almost no closet space in the rooms; there's just a tiny wardrobe with enough space to hang about 6 garments and 2 tiny drawers.  It's a good thing my girlfriend doesn't mind living out of her suitcase while on vacation, since there's no way both of us could have fit our clothes in there.During our 4 night stay, despite the fact that we got maid service every day, we ran out of both toilet paper and kleenex.  The kleenex was both understandable and forgivable, since it's hard to tell when the box is going to run out ahead of time, but there's really no excuse for not leaving a spare roll of TP when you see the current roll is getting low.The pool towels were low quality, and left orange fuzz all over my swimsuit.  Not a huge deal, but annoying nonetheless.]The free coffee in the guest lounge was never ready and available; the guests were left to brew their own.  Another small thing, but it added 10 minutes to the time it took us to get ready each morning.Now that that's out of the way, the positives:The whole hotel is decorated in a really funky orange, brown, and gray theme, which may sound horrible on paper but looks great in real life.  Both my girlfriend and I really liked it.Having a hot tub in the room was a blast (Sip wine and watch TV while I soak?  Don't mind if I do!), and the rooms with the tub were only $10 more per night.  I would have expected a much bigger markup.The entire property, including the rooms, was very clean and well-maintained.The room had a HUGE flat screen HDTV and a DVD player.  Having the option to stay in and pick up a redbox movie one night of our trip was unexpected and awesome.The front desk staff were all very friendly.The pool and hot tub were great, and there were plenty of lounge chairs for sitting and reading or just soaking up some sun.The fitness center was small, but well equipped and very clean.Free parking!As you can see, there are more positives than negatives, but overall, despite the 4 star rating, I probably wouldn't stay here again.  I feel like it was a fun, gimmicky hotel that is worth experiencing once, but it probably wouldn't stand up to multiple stays.
2	Disappointing! Those of you who cry "false advertising" are right!  Our room was so small, we couldn't find anywhere to put our suitcases except for in the walking space. The room was clean but hallways/balconies outside the rooms looked gross and dirty (gum, stains, etc). We were told we had an "upgraded" room when we checked in but when we checked out, they asked why we didn't get the suite (which is what we thought we reserved). However, those of you who like the place are right, too--the location is excellent and the park next door is nice. The pool is also nice and well-maintained. The staff, considering their predicament (dealing with people who have succumbed to the false advertising), are indeed professional. I feel sorry for them. It was too expensive for someone on a budget- it's just an Econolodge (actually significantly smaller than an Econolodge room of the same type) or something with a different paint job. I _might_ stay there again for the park-side location but the whole false advertising thing ticks me off so I wouldn't recommend it to anyone else.
4	This place is cool, its not the ritz carlton or anything, but i've been here a few times already and its been a good experience each time. Friendly staff, cute rooms with nice modern decor, soft comfy bed, flat screen tv, they have a pool and its in a decent location. All this for 50-60 bucks- great deal. I get those prices when I use hotwire. One time a called in for a rate & it was like over 130 a night so while this is a cool hotel, I wouldn't pay more than 80 bucks a night. Also- its right by the park, makes for great sunrise & sunset jogging. :)
3	At first sight the place looks decent. The decor in the lobby was really nice and retro. The lady checking us in was very nice and informative. After checking in and unpacking a bit we hung out by the pool. They didn't have a huge selection of alcohol let alone beer but they serve food from the restaurant Avalon, which is located on the same lot. The pool was pretty clean and the decor was retro and orange. The cushions on the lounge chairs just looked really old and used and need to be replaced. Went back to our room and took a nap. Woke up to kids yelling and screaming in the next room about how big their bathroom was and they have 2 bath tubs, the mom got into it as well and then the father when he came in the room. THE WALLS ARE EXTREMELY THIN!! We packed up our bags, went back down to the lobby, and asked to switch rooms. They understood and let us know there was only one more room available and it is a handicap room. The bathroom was obviously a lot bigger as well as the shower. The shower in our previous room was tiny and so loud you couldn't hear your thoughts and the pressure from the shower head hurt so much. lol The shower in the new room was none of the above. The room was located right in front of the parking lot and again I must emphasize that the WALLS ARE VERY THIN and being close to the lobby now we were in a populated area, people walking all day and all night back and forth by our room as well as vehicles and a motorcycle. The location of the hotel was great for us. It was near downtown Scottsdale and many other things to do. All in all the staff was extremley helpful and nice. I'm not sure I would stay here again but the rate is extremely cheap. So beyond the retro orange decor that made me want to gag and the EXTREMELY THIN WALLS,  we had a great stay :-)
5	WOW! For the price and value of this hotel...WOW!!! Super clean too... best I can say is WOW!
5	I'm a single traveler and this was the perfect setup for me - inexpensive, close to downtown Scottsdale, and extremely cute and stylishly decorated. I had a hot tub in my room - not bathroom mind you, but the actual room next to the bed - (thank you) and a huge screen TV. Amazing. Bed was enormous and comfortable. Two thumbs up from me.
1	Hubby booked this place after reading reviews on another site and seeing the price. When we pulled up and saw the facility we both said that this didn't look good. We entered into the lobby and it looked contemporary and like like they were covering up something. The front desk staff was slow! Nice but slow. The woman that checked us in told us our room was just above the lobby and to get to it we had to walk up the stairs. Huh??? We looked at each other and said okay. We pulled around to the back of the building to park the car and noticed that the doors to the rooms were outside. We already didn't want to stay another second but we dared to enter the room. We walked in and saw the contemporary make over to the room which had a steel orange front and bathroom door. My husband said that this place has to be a Motel 6 at one point in time. We spent one night and I could not sleep. we could hear people walking back and forth and talking all night. It was so uncomfortable for me that I did not sleep and I booked another room @ midnight. When we checked out the staff was nice enough to give my husband a refund, which was the only positive. We will NOT stay here again. I think we will definitely stick to staying at a resort or the Marriott when visiting Scottsdale. This place feels as though the staff is trying to cover up something. I am not sure what but luckily I will not stay here again to try to figure it out.
4	I would love to give this hotel a low rating just so no one else discovers it.  It's not the Ritz, but it's a great value for the price!  First, this is a remodeled budget hotel.  The doors are on the outside and there is no elevator to the 2nd floor. That said, they did a great job of remodeling the place, giving it a retro, boutique feel.  We didn't notice the thin walls others complained about and the hotel was pretty full. However, we were on the 2nd floor and not near the pool.  We didn't use the pool, but the pool area was huge with lots of chairs, an enormous hot tub and a bar. The rooms are fresh and clean with great, high quality linens. My only complaint would be that the beds are a little firm and the gal who originally checked us in wasn't all that friendly .. but all the other staff were.The location is great and for the price, you can't beat it in Scottsdale!
1	Oct.6-10 2011 We arrived at 9pm and waited some time for  stephaine the front desk clerk to finish her phone call before she even exkowledged us. She said we had a canceled reservation. when we explained there must be some mistake and gave her our conformation number she once again with a snotty attitude said thats right its cancelled. No Im sorry, let me call hotels.com to find out what the problem was, nothing  but a cold stare. we called and found out that it was the hotels mistake and that our reservation was good and prepaid. Then the girl took another 20 min. to tell us she had a room but it was only for one night with the bed we wanted and unless we agreed to move for the next two nights that she would not check us in. The first night 10:30 pm a large group of young people, college age! were partying in the hall. 2:30 am  they were back and going at it strong in the rooms around us till 5AM I called the front desk 3 time and it did not help.This happened each night. The rooms are motel 6 size and quality. The mattress was hard and the linens had holes. The mattress pad was very stained and had hair all over it. You could tell it had not been changed in some time. They allow smoking everywhere but the rooms. So with the halls being exterior, guest would smoke outside your door and your AC unit would suck it into your room. The pool area was very nice but again with it 100% smoking most of the people were smoking at the pool.The Walls are very thin, you will hear water running, people walking and talking the TV etc. If you like a party hotel, with rude employees smoking at ever turn. you will love this one!
4	I love this hotel.  It's pretty much a remodeled Motel 6.  Even though it has kept the similar pricing, it is WAY undervalued.  It is incredibly clean, has a super comfy bed, and modern wall art/ decor.  It's right on El Derado Park and just a few blocks from Old Town Scottsdale and just a short drive to Tempe.  Fantastic location!You almost feel like you're staying in the Ritz; it's that nice.  For the price you cannot beat this place (I hope they're not reading this).  There's a pool with a cabana that serves beer, wine, and food. All in all, I highly recommend this place for those who are visiting Scottsdale.
5	Great little place. Clean! Friendly, gracious staff! Ultra modern w. Great decor. The price is super affordable!! No need to shop around. The bed was so comfy w.  Super soft CLEAN white sheets. The down comforter was so cozy my husband wanted to take it home. It kept us warm all nite long. The walls are thin but we were lucky enough to have quiet neighbors. About the location, the street itself is nothing to brag about BUT its only a few miles away from great places to dine and scroll through. It's only 2 miles away from charming little old scottsdale and mins from Sky Harbor airport and the university of Arizona. Although we came through town only for a weekend this place definitely makes us wants to come back:)
5	Great place to stay!! Rooms are big and clean. The linens on the bed were great too!! Stayed here while the Ironman competition was in town and it was still nice and quite. Will definitely stay here again!!
1	paper thin walls let you hear everything in your neighbors room, grumpy old manager doesnt have time for customers with complaints and just refunds your money instead of dealing with it. this place sucks
4	Living locally, I'd never had a reason to stay at a hotel in the area, but I was able to check out the facilities while a friend was staying. The rooms are your typical size - no standard suites - but they are nicely appointed with a flat screen and small stereo system. The decor is functional modern and pleasing to the eyes... It's sort of like what I think the Saguaro was going for, only 3 Palms doesn't hurt your eyes with rainbow-vomit-Modern decor.  Depending on what side of the hotel your room is on, there is on-street parking only (or else you'll just have a slightly longer walk to the parking lot). Front desk staff is stellar!  If I ever have guests and no room, I'll definitely  have them stay here.
1	3 palms hotel has incompetent staff and managers. They lost our reservation for our wedding guests accommodations.We were also told our guests would get 20% off the $80 room rates, come to find out that was a lie. We had guests calling to book our rooms and the hotel was clueless as to who we are and what they had told us. They also will not block out any rooms for you so if your guests dont make phone calls asap they may not have a room or they may not even know your getting married and have guests calling in lol, what a joke.They later tried to fix the situation by honoring us a higher rate than what they had originally quoted us...really? after all this mess your going to give us a new rate? a higher one?Please dont give them your business you will be stressed when your guest show up from out of town and the hotel lost your reservation and cannot accommodate you...or maybe they can...just at a higher priceHeather
5	I just filled out a survey for this place and everything was outstanding! i stayed for 2 nights and 3 days and had no issues. Only one thing I can say : Checkin in time is 3pm and they were not ready until 3:20ish so make sure you go ahead to ensure your room is ready. The staff is super friendly and room service was great! The hotel is perfect if you want to be away from all the crowds and noise. Tip: get the park view room vs poolside because poolside people are constantly walking by and talking and the parkside is pretty w sunset and no one walking by lol
1	Don't, don't, don't, I repeat DO NOT STAY HERE! I reserved a room with two beds and because I was a late check in (10:30PM) they double sold my room. This is after I gave them a $200 non-refundable deposit. I had to accept a room with one bed. The desk clerk was extremely rude and accusatory. The air conditioner was obnoxiously LOUD. The photos make it look like a nice, upscale hotel worthy of it's 3 1/2 star rating, but this is nothing but a runned down motel with lipstick on it!! ALL THIS FOR $200/NIGHT - Buyer beware!!
3	This hotel was perfect for what we needed and was an easy taxi ride to the downtown area.  The rooms are small but we didn't spend a lot of time in it, so it was fine.  The prices were very reasonable.  The pool area is nice and has a bar, so kudos to that.  There's a great sports bar right across the pond and a shopping complex, so that certainly enhanced our overall experience for staying in that area.
3	I think it's a 3 resort.
1	I stayed here because I found it online with a great deal. However, I did not appreciate the service I recieved. I arrived rather late in the evening and Emily was at the front desk and was so pleasant and helpful. She was kind and able to help in accomadations I asked of her. My bad experience began when I checked out. Jaime was the front desk person and she was rather rude and annoyed with her job. Later in the day I was hoping to get some help from the hotel to get some account issues straighten out so I called to be greeted with attitude by Jaime. This seemed to continued to be the general attitude from the staff here. I had to later call and had another female help me on the phone who was rude and really didn't know what hospitality means or customer service for that matter. I had early left a message with the general manager and finally got a phone call after multiple phone calls to the front desk. He asked if I could give information on the matter and I told him the matter was resolved. He said he was not given any information from his employees. How this is possible? I am unsure. You would think if this was a well run business there would be better management and training on customer service. I have never had issues with hotels and this was a first for me. I will NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN. And to think I considered hosting a reunion here with over 200 guests. They will not see my business and lost out on future business. They should learn that customer service is what they are there for and hospitality is the business. This is not a place I would recommend and hope you will not stay here. There are plenty of hotels in Scottsdale who will serve you better.
5	Found this place on Priceline.com's iPhone app. It was only $39.99 for a room here and the rooms are super nice. I don't know how they can afford to charge that low of a rate. Probably one of the best hotels we stayed at on our road trip. I would DEFINITELY recommend you saying here!! FREE WIFI! FREE PARKING!!
3	Great price for proximity to Scottsdale and cool room design. However, we had to wait several hours for our sheets to be replaced immediately after we checked in because there were stains all over them. Also, if your room is on the opposite side of the hotel/motel, your walk to your car is a pain in the ass.
4	Nicely re-done motel.  Modern and clean rooms, comfortable beds, good location-what more do you need?  I almost gave them five stars, but on our last night there, housekeeping forgot to leave us any bath towels.  By the time we got in, I thought it was too late to call.  Also, I wished the water was a little hotter.  Other than those two minor issues, our four night stay here was great.  We stayed in a king deluxe room.  It had a whirlpool tub, shower, nice flat screen tv, refrigerator, and microwave.  My  boyfriend said the price he paid for the room was dirt cheap.  For the price, the quality and quantity of what you get when you stay here is unbelievable.If you're in the Scottsdale area, I highly recommend staying at 3 Palms.
1	3 Palms has always been my little oasis in Scottsdale while visiting my girlfriends parents in Mesa, AZ.  I have always been happy with my stay at this hotel which is why the always received my return business.  I think i have stayed there a total of 6 times in the past 2 years.  My last experience however was unlike my past experiences which is why i will never stay here again.  On my last visit we choose to stay in town for 4 nights.  After the first night in our room, we immediately noticed the following.1. The outlet in the bathroom area was dead.  2. The shower head was not only broken but it was backed up by calcium and was literally a single mist stream of water that seemed to travel out of the shower.3.  The ac controls were broken so you had the choice of a really hot room, or an insanely cold room. The following morning, i went up to the front desk to ask them to place me in another room and that i was not happy with the current situation.  The ladies at the front desk were on the phone and giggling, etc. so we had to wait for roughly 3-5 minutes for us to get their attention.  When we presented the issue, she seemed flustered and instead offered to send a maintenance guy to repair the issues.  I said sure AS LONG AS ITS FIXED!  They sent a repair guy to our room while we were changing to visit the pool.  We left for the pool and when we came back the repair man was gone.  AWESOME... everything is fixed right?  NOPE nothing was done, and they never called or came back for the duration of the 4 nights. I WILL NEVER come back to this hotel.  I paid full price for a room that was sub par, was promised repairs that never took place.  Upon leaving they didnt ask us how our stay was.  If they did, i would have mentioned everything to them versus posting it on yelp.  However they failed at doing that as well.  They did however easily take my money.
5	It's a nice spot to stay for the price. It has a nice pool area and is close to old town Scottsdale.
2	I am staying here right now, and I have had a few issues.I'm here for 5 days, this is the second, and my toilet has clogged twice, it clogs about every 3rd flush I have noticed. the second time it clogged i had to wait an hour and call three times to get it done.At first I was mad at the front desk woman, but she informed me that the maintenance men were working with the owner of the hotel so there really busy today. Then it  came to me whats wrong with this place, it's under staffed, and the employees are not treated well.You can always tell when people look stressed, and everyone I have seen here looks and acts like that, they have that feeling of, I work for a bad place, my employer is slimy, and docent care, you know, everyone has had a job like that once in there life, when you work for a company that only cares about the bottom line, and searching for that bottom line only turns you into a bottom feeder.The owners of this" motel"  are long past wanting to serve the public, those days have passed them bye.No they want money, and they don't care how they get it, that kind of money hungry filth that rubs off everyone they comes into contact with it.It shows in the old beet up washers and dryers, the vending machines that don't give you back your change,  when you ask for anything, the people smile and say will try, when the truth is they can't, even if they wanted too.This is a sad Motel, the kind of place people come to when your wife kicked you out for the last time, the kind of place you come when you gambled away your rent money,  the kind of place you come when you just don't give a dam if you wake up the next day.Lip stick on a pig should be the name of this place.I really do pity the people that have to work in this hell whole.
3	Nice spot if your just passing through town for a day or two.  Outdoor setting.  The Rooms were nice, but it took looking at a couple that were away from the Pool.  Big party spot. If your into meeting party animals in the desert it's the place to be.
5	GREAT Hotel! Price was RIGHT for a 5 Day stay!Clean...Comfy Beds,NICE Bedding!HUGE TV... CD/DVD player in room!Didn't have time to hang or have a Drink at the pool... NEXT TIME!Massages at a great price offered ( another thing I must try) We didn't get enough CHILL time at this Nice Accomadation.Perfect Location for us to travel around AZ : )Helpful NICE staffTRY Sevens Bistro Accross the way... GREAT Breakfast and Starters!
2	not a fan. we were on a two week road trip and 3 palms was our two-night, middle of the trip, stay. i was looking forward to spending time in scottsdale to visit art galleries and enjoy the sun. we did have a great visit, but the hotel made it not as perfect as the trip could have been. i had two rooms. one for my husband and i, the other for my parents. our room was described as one "with a view". when we got to it, the "view" was of the fence/gate leading to the pool and the stair case leading to the upstairs rooms. we were in the dark hallway, by the pool, on the first floor. this meant that we had a constant walking left and right and up and down of people, most of which were looking into our room as they were walking by. so we felt "trapped" with curtains shut, and in the dark. then... our neighbors moved in... we had one of those rooms with the connecting door to the next room. there was no insulation or double door or anything that would make the noise diffused. we could literally hear everything the other room tenants were saying, even if they weren't screaming. then they started smoking pot, which is fine by me, but the absence of insulation and double doors to our room from theirs, made it so that all of the pot smoke came right into our room as well. basically... if you're going to stay at 3 palms, definitely don't get room number 153 :-/we went to the office to change our room to one on the second floor, overlooking the park. this was more open and bright, but the neighbors to our left and right all the way down the hall, were fighting, partying, yelling and being loud loud loud, all the way to the wee hours of the night. this hotel is a PARTY hotel. i didn't realize this until we went there.my parents' room was much better. it was on the first floor, overlooking the south edge, on the outside of the building. they didn't get rowdy neighbors (thank god) but when they turned on the AC, they smelled very strong electrical urning smells, so they shut it off immediately. the AC would have made the south facing room (full sun in the window) more temperate, but without it working, they were on the hot side of things. so it was not an ideal room either, in that sense.TOO BAD! 'cause the decor and style of the rooms is super hip and fun! love the bed and the artwork and wall colors and remodeling they did. it really could be a super hip spot, if they could fix appliances and screen tenants to not be there for debaucheries alone. maybe split the hotel in half? maybe concentrate the parties to the interior pool area, but leave the exterior to those of us who wanted to rest and relax? that would be much better!so no. i would NOT go back to this hotel.i have experienced and know of much better ones in that area.
1	My wife and I stayed at Three Palms for two nights. The hotel looks like a nicely refurbished no tell motel. The pool and room were ok. The staff is horrible. There service was significantly below par. There were only two pillows for a king size bed. It took five calls and a visit to the front desk to get an extra pillow for my wife. Extra pillows and towels must be checked out and returned to the front desk at checkout to avoid extra fees. We asked for extra glasses, but they never came. Understand this isn't Bellagio, but the Super Eight has better service.
1	Pros: Polite front desk attendeesPolite cleaning staffVery nicely folded beds, not a wrinkle on those sheets, you could bounce a quarter off them! Clean bathroomsCons:BEDBUGS! I "Pricelined" this room because I had to be in Scottsdale for work this weekend and the hotel prices are ridiculous in this town.Upon arriving, it was quickly apparent that it is a re-done Motel 6-type place. I cannot imagine how many hundreds of thousands of dollars were used on redoing this place. Kudos on that aspect.  The checkin process was great, everybody was super nice. Anyone I ever saw working the front desk was someone who looked like they just graduated high school. My room (262) was very clean, bed was made exquisitely, countertops wiped clean, mirrors clean, no stray hairs in the tub (my pet peeve) and clean toilet. Great job, housekeeping staff!! The thermostat gave me two options- heating or cooling. Of course, I needed cooling, and it wouldnt let me go below 70-  both heat and cool had a pre-set temperature, so there wasn't a 'pick a temperature that works for you'; either the heat/air was on or off. Upon waking up the next morning at 6, I got out of bed and immediately saw a big bedbug on my pillow by where my head was! YIKES! This guy was about 3/4 the size of my pinky nail- and that is a decent size for a bedbug. I took pictures and videos.  There were bites on my neck and arms. (I didnt see the dozens of bites on my legs until later).. I then called Priceline's help desk because I know when going through there all sales are final: Non refundable and Non transferrable. Sure enough, they couldnt do anything for me, but they did give me credit on the next purchase I made through them. Fair enough. I go to the front desk and the young man who had been there all night since 11 was nice and helpful, he called his manager at home since it wasn't letting him switch rooms. Since it was pre-paid through a third party site, refund was not an option (Note: I would have LOVED to left this place and never returned, but since I couldnt get my money back on the 2nd night I had coming and didn't have the money for a room at a different hotel- it was either take a different room or sleep in my car)I had to leave and go to the meetings, and at around 4pm, I was given a call saying that I had my new room. No clue what the hold up was. I get to the hotel and there is no manager there to speak with, but the front desk was super kind and polite in giving me the new room. I couldnt yell at the front desk help (again, kids that looked about 20)- it wasn't their fault directly that I was bitten. The young lady said somebody has sprayed the room I had stayed in and housekeeping did a thorough job cleaning it. (It takes more than that to get rid of them, but motel staff will have to deal with that )The second night in the new room was fine. The room appeared just as clean as the last one. I had no new bites from the second night, I made sure to look very carefully before going to bed. Perhaps the bedbugs came from a previous guest and they were confined to that room, I will never know, I don't care. I just know I was bitten many, many times.  Checkout procedure was very quick and very polite, no word from a manager still. I will never go back, and will never recommend it. Lots of work has gone into making this place better than a Motel 6-type-place, but it is sort of like putting lipstick on a pig if the underlying issues aren't taken care of.
5	We stayed overnight when we came to watch the Buffalo Wild Wings Bowl. The room was very clean and comfortable. When I arrived home, I realized I forgot something and they sent it back to me no problem.
4	I came here for New Years Eve with a group of friends. It was a great place to stay at especially with old-town Scottsdale being only 10 mins away with a cab ride.The service upfront when I arrived was welcoming and friendly and greeted us with a smile. That's something I like to always see when coming to a hotel for the first time.The room quality was nice. It was clean and ready once I opened the door. They had pretty good accessories like a mini fridge and a surround sound system with a nice flat screen TV. It was a very nice presentation. The bathroom and closet were in great shape and the bed was amazingly comfortable. They were 2 queen size beds that could knock you out instantly!Overall this place a was a great place to stay at and I would definitely come here again.
4	This was a nice place to stay.  The rooms were very clean and modern.  WiFi was free.  Access to the room I stayed in was on the exterior of the building, which is fine.  However, I could not locate an elevator.  So if you are on the second floor exterior, you may need to use the stairs.  I've got to believe that with all of the ADA rules that something has to be in place.The television was an older flat screen low definition set.
2	The good:Hotel staff was very friendly.The in-room hot tub was fantastic!The spa was huge.The restaurant next door was very good.The bad:Huge line in lobby, but only one person was checking people in even though there were two others standing there. One employee was even flashing cash around. Not sure why.The decor in the room was odd. It appears the place was built in the 70's and some of the decor reflects that, but there were also modern amenities like a huge tv and marble. Didn't mix very well.If you had other people come and stay it was an additional charge. We needed towels for the pool. The guy at the pool bar couldn't help. Went to the front desk. Had to actually sign them out and return them to the front when we were done. Have never had to do that before. Not to mention having to wait in line AGAIN, just for pool towels.The guy at the pool bar couldn't charge drinks to room and he was getting ready to leave. This was at 4:30pm on a Saturday.The spa was only luke warm.Took my wife here for a little staycation for valentines day thinking it would be a nice little get away. However, with all the problems we won't be staying here again.
3	This is not a resort. It is more like a very very nice motel. From the outside this place is nothing to look at. The pool area is nice but on the small side but the extra large hot tub makes up for all that. They did a very nice job on the rooms with boutique decor and large whirlpool bathtubs available in some rooms. They have a gym and washer and dryer for your use. They have a fairly new restaurant located at the front of the "resort" that I have yet to try but I have heard good things. The staff just didn't really seem to take any pride in the place. They were friendly but slow and not very helpful. For the price you really can't complain much since they are usually one of the cheapest aroundb. Just don't expect this to be a luxury resort since its nothing more than a upscale motel
4	First of all more of a motel than a hotel, however the rooms while small are very clean and nice. Marble in the bathroom, very nice bed and bedding. The front desk was always helpful. Only coffee in the morning but not a big fan of hotel breakfasts anyway so no loss. Housekeeping was excellent. The pool and hot tub area was always clean. But the ace card for this establishment is the location next to Eldorado park and the great walking path we used every morning with our coffee as the sun came up. Also centrally located to get to almost anywhere in the Phoenix area and a few minute drive from Old Town Scottsdale. Will definitely stay again.
1	Terrible experience here.  My family stayed for a week over Christmas and it was a nightmare.   Would never recommend it to any out of town guests.   Customer service was not helpful at front desk or supervisor levels.  Terrible check-in experience with the front desk clerk.  Seriously understaffed, it took forever (with a puking, tired 5 year old who just flew in from the midwest and got in late at night...Not good) and the woman was not helpful with the situation at all.  Another issue: we requested two adjoining rooms, which we were told they would be - but they didn't deliver them upon check-in, so had to move rooms later in the stay, which was a pain with little kids. The rooms were small, cramped, and smelled weird. The couches were dirty, the floors had weird stains. We had a suite and a standard room, but even the suite was pushing the size of a standard hotel room at any other hotel.  We went out and bought febreeze and room deodorizer, but seriously?!  Gross!   I wouldn't take my shoes off or sit on the floor there...again, if you have little kids, not ideal at all. To be fair - the pros of this place:  convenient location if you need access to south scottsdale/tempe areas.  Easy access to the 101 and 202 freeways.   Price was more reasonable than some other Scottsdale locations ( but the motto "you get what you pay for" fully stands here).  Apparently they are renovating the hotel, so be sure to request an updated/renovated room.   Overall...  perfect for a group of 20 something yr old spring breakers, but not for our family.
2	The hotel rooms are actually decent and it was nice having a kitchen.  Plus the beds were fairly comfy.  However, the front desk staff is a nightmare.  They only had 1 person working the front desk the entire weekend we were there.  My party of 12 got there around midnight.  Although we were exhausted, we had to wait ONE HOUR to check in because there were 2 drunk men at the counter complaining about everything. Instead of the front desk guy kindly asking the gentlemen to step aside so he could at least check us in, we all stood there and waited with all of our luggage listening to these guys argue.  I'm not exaggerating when I say one hour.  It was literally one whole hour.  He then checked us in and had our 3 rooms located NO WHERE near each other in the hotel even though I requested this on several occasions . The hotel was not booked so I'm not sure why they would not be accomodating when I complained about this.  I was basically told it couldn't be done.  Then, we asked them on several occasions to make sure to book all three rooms on one specific credit card and not use any of the cards put down for incidentals.  Regardless of the fact that we talked to several front desk staff about this, they still ended up billing more than one card.  I called back to have it straightened out but  the front desk person was busy.  She told me she would call me back and never did.  I'm still trying to get the issue resolved.  One more thing to note.  They have suites with kitchens and regular rooms.  Each suite has a regular room attached to it.  If  the reservationist had explained this to me at the time of booking, I would've booked 1 regular room and 2 suites instead of 3 suites.  It would've made much more sense for my large party and saved us money. However, the reservationist, which was direct from the hotel, failed to mention that to me. Regardless, our rooms were still located no where near each other. We were on different floors in different parts of the buidling. If you are looking for a good location, decent room, decent price, with crappy or NO service.  This is the place for you.
5	I stay here frequently and it is always a pleasure. The comfort of the room and property make the price laughable. Extremely economical for the luxury experienced. I've never been treated poorly here because everyone is so helpful and willing to work with you. Highly, highly recommended.
5	3 Palms Hotel is 5-STARS all the way!!! Honestly the Best Boutique Hotel that I've ever stayed at...very Impressed!! I'm generally pretty picky when it comes to the hotels that I stay at, but I took a chance this time, and it paid off! I booked using Hotels.com and the reservation worked Perfectly. Custom Service & Hotel staff:Professional, polite, and very prompt when replenishing our towels. Free Wi-Fi. And pet-friendly.King Deluxe with Whirlpool:The room was very large. Modern looking with lots of closet spaces. King size bed with absolutely comfortable. Two rooms (couch & bed) with big flat screens + dvd players in each room. Great A/C system kept the room as chill as could be desired considering the Heat outside. The whirlpool tub worked perfectly and separate shower had plenty of pressure & hot water; in addition, the room was equipped with a small refrigerator (kept our champagne really Cold) and microwave. Pool & Hot Tub:Very nicely kept pool area; clean, organized and had an upper deck tanning area above the pool. Hot tub is very large (12-16 person) and was kept hot -- RELAXING!! Plus the pool area was kept open till Midnight...Best Idea Ever!!! Location:Great. Great. GREAT!!! Located in southern Scottsdale. Minutes to the North is Old Town Scottsdale which has plenty of restaurants, bars, art galleries, museums, parks and the Botanical Gardens. Minutes to the South across the river is Tempe which is a lot of college bars at night and some pretty cool restaurants in the daytime.Room Service: It was a nice amenity to have as an option. Food was from the restaurant next door Seven Bistro. The food was pretty good. Didn't really eat much at the hotel during our stay.
3	I would give this hotel 3.5 stars if possible. Here's why:The price was right! We stayed at this hotel thanks to Expedia's Unpublished Rate, and paid only $49 per night! At that price point, it was an absolute bargain. The rooms were decorated very nice and contemporary-ish. The bed was comfortable and the TV was huge! Judging from the outside, I was skeptical at first, but once I opened the door I was pleasantly surprised! The staff was very helpful! After a long flight back from Hawaii, I was expecting to check-in at the appointed 3pm. However, being that it was 10am, I was hoping they would (but did not expect them to) allow us to check in early. The front desk allowed us to check in on the spot! Very cool! However, at times I felt like I was in the twilight zone! The crowd this hotel draws is very "eclectic" to say the least. LOL! There was a group of thugs (complete with full back tattoos, booze, and ankle bracelets), a doctor who was arguing on his cell phone with his lawyer about his recent DUI charge and possibly losing his medical license, a guy in his 50's or 60's tanning in a speedo for hours upon hours, and this goofy looking 40 year old guy and his 20 something tatted up girlfriend (who looked like they work in the adult movie industry), etc. all hanging out at the pool! LOL! The staff was pretty stern about not allowing any alcohol at the pool, however, they had a 6 foot banner at the pool that advertised something to the extent of "Cool off with a bucket of Coronas!" LOL! Like I stated, I was skeptical at first, and after experiencing the hotel, it wasn't all that bad, just confusing. In conclusion, the price was right, and my one night stay was great! However, I left Phoenix scratching my head, thinking "What the heck just happened?!?"
2	Ok so here is the deal. In Arizona, the summer time is off-peak time, so my husband and I and my kids take advantage of the screaming deal at nice resorts near our house. It's a fun tradition that we have been doing for years. So we have stayed at many Scottsdale resorts. First impressions when you pull up... Looks like a seedy motel/extended stay place with ugly stucco and bad signage. The lobby is small, well decorated but with impractical materials, so the white cabinets behind the three podiums are chipping and dirty. The base of the white stone walls is dingy and the podiums themselves have cracking leather and worn out wood. The staff was friendly but looked like they belonged in a pay-as-you-go mobile store, smelling of too much cologne and cigarrettes. Speaking of which, this place ATTRACTS SMOKERS. If you don't like to be around people who are baking in the sun, beet red, sipping a beer and chain smoking, this isn't your type of place. Literally every person at the pool lit up more than once. Also to be clear, this is a MOTEL. An updated one, but still a motel. The pictures are incredibly deceiving. I don't mind motels sometimes when that's what I am expecting. But they tout themselves as a hotel/resort and IT IS NEITHER. I read the reviews before I came and I saw people talking about how other guests were hanging their clothes on the balconies and I thought that could have been a one time thing... NOPE! The balconies had several articles of clothing, beer cans, etc on them. The rooms are updated but they still smell slightly of a seedy inner city motel, residues of dirty people, smokers, and age. If you like this type of element, partying with cheap beer and bad food and random tattooed people, you will like the 3 Palms. Otherwise... DON'T DO IT! If you use Priceline or something you will be locked in! And you will regret it like I did.  We actually paid for two nights and only stayed one... That's how bad it was for us.
4	The hotel lobby is small and in comparison to the rooms, not nearly as appealing...cute modern furnishings and chandelier fixture. Upon check-in, we were upgraded at no additional charge...SCORE AND THANK YOU!!! My friend and I both had our own restroom with showers (YAY!!!). The room was boldly painted with lots of character. In addition, the room was clean, spacey and comfortable. Although we only stayed one night (Sunday June 23), I would stay here again and I totally recommend it, good investment if you don't want to stay at a dump but can't afford a 5star place. My only complaints were the bad coffee and dysfunctional ice machines (only found one operational one and it doesn't help when its plus 100 degrees).
5	This hotel was perfect. Easy on line payment, check in was about 5 minutes, clean, cozy, comfy beds, have a great time at the pool with an option of beer bucket at pool side. Couldn't have asked for more. Last but definitely not least the price was lower than a 2 star motel and we stayed on a Friday night, thank you Expedia.  We would absolutely revisit if staying in Scottsdale again.
2	A motel that has been revamped to a hotel. As nice as the interior of the rooms were, I feel everything else has been overlooked. As a temporary stay for the occasional visitor, I could stay here again.. but I wouldn't. I would spend just a little more, and stay a little nicer.
4	Came out to Scottsdale for work and stayed here two nights.  Overall, I had a great stay.  The hotel has been redone in a mid-century modern fashion and for the price it is better than staying at a Comfort or Holiday Inn.Pros:Beautiful decor if you like mid-century styleHuge TV and a DVD playerHotel staff is very accommodatingPool and jacuzzi is open till midnight Located close to downtown and Papago BreweryCons:Maintenance, the shower head comes out from the wall and the pipe is leaky.The clean mid-century design seems somewhat forced and not complete throughout the whole hotel, particularly the landscaping.  If you want a 5 star hip, mid-century hotel experience head over to The Saguaro or Hotel Valley Ho.  But if you're looking to save some cash, this is your place.
4	Great value, great room. Close to the park. Baby ducks and cool wildlife. This is our second visit to this hotel, we love the jaccuzi in the room so we can totally relax.super friendly front desk. Dog friendly, 25/dog up to two dogs.
4	Nicest hotel I've stayed at in 3 weeks of travel. Only CON (& the only reason it didn't give it 5 stars) - the coffee is horrible. Rooms are modern & VERY NICE & bed is comfortable.
5	Great place. Stayed here for almost 3 years and it is always the same. Friendly staff, great price. Amanda is always pleasant and helpful.Nice small workout room and business center too.
4	Clearly this is the poor man's resort in Scottsdale. Large families and some punks who can't afford to stay in a better Scottsdale hotel will migrate here due to $45 rates per night. Always book on their own website for best deals. This place is on par with a Best Western PLus or average Hampton Inn. The TV's are large and beds do the trick and the staff is always trying to be nice. The GM Bryan was a good dude as he helped solve some issues that happened to my credit card - always check your statements. When they screwed up, they gave me free coupons for Duke's up the street. Coffee situation is horrible as they are always out or it is watery. Get a better system. Nice park across street, but watch out for frisbees and a bunch of homeless also. Good stay overall.
2	At $59/night + tax The 3 Palms seems like a pretty good deal, and I was really happy to have a staycation. But I won't stay there again. The beds are VERY HARD... repeat the beds are VERY HARD. Housekeeping emptied the trash, but did not make the bed. The pool is smaller than it looks in the picture. The bar at the pool as well as the restaurant on property have closed. I didn't mean to have this review sound so bad, so I'll conclude by saying this is just a very basic hotel.
4	Pretty unique little spot.  They must have purchased an older hotel and turned it into a little boutique hotel.  Super easy, nice, great pool and the price is especially great.  Definitely would stay at again!Also, the river walk across the street is perfect for a walk or jog.
3	I stayed there October 1. The room was clean but the mattress was on a  glorified cot, very flimsy. The customer service was great,(shout to Emmanuel) they tried and were as helpful as they could be. The location was a bit out of the way but that was not really a problem. I did not use the pool or jacuzzi but from what I saw, it was clean and people were enjoying themselves. It would have been nice if they had a restaurant on premises because the places I dined at were far from the hotel. Overall it had a motel feel but if I were staying in Scottsdale,I would go back for the price.
5	I stayed here last weekend and it was great. I got upgraded to a room with a whirlpool tub. The shower was also huge. The room was so clean and had everything I needed. Most importantly, the bed was so comfortable and clean. The comforter was so much better than those scratchy, gross tops in regular hotels. The staff was also phenominal. They were super friendly and gave my friends and I great suggestions for restaurants in the area. They also turned the lights on for us in the room before we got there. It may be a smaller hotel, but they are incredibly modern, kind, clean, and charming for a hotel. If I ever visit Arizona again, Ill be staying there.
4	This was one of the nicest surprises for our stay in Scottsdale. Hotel was spotless, new,  & so comfortable. Staff was very friendly & helpful.  Convenient location near restaurants & shops. Will come back to 3 Palms again next month.
3	First off, lets get this out of the way: Installing a speaker system with separate sub woofer on the floor for the DVD player and the big flat screen TV is oh so guest friendly; and OH SUCH AN EPICALLY BAD IDEA when they are installed in an older motel without block wall construction between rooms.In: multiple story hotels (i.e. Vegas): bravo!In: motels with paper thin walls: horrible!We were awakened at 3:30am by the guest next door who decided to watch some action adventure on high volume, and boy does that surround sound system with direct/reflecting bass sub-woofer really work!  (Phillips brand if you're interested.)I tried calling the room on the phone, but of course they couldn't hear the phone for the TV.  Called security and he eventually made as much noise pounding on the door as the TV did blasting the movie. Finally, the guest heard the knocking (now the rest of the motel is also awake) and they turned it way down.  Some people's children...OK, now for the rest:Another thing that worked just as hard as the surround sound system on the TV is their designer.  Fantastic remodel, amazing design in both the rooms, and the lobby.  Pool is great--open til midnight and heated; nice hot tub; parking is adequate; rates are good.  Fridge, micro, room safe, coffee maker, iron and board.  Comfy bed, plenty of lighting, clean; linens were fine.  Really, just everything you want in a room.  Without the disaster of that really witless idea for the speaker system in every room, I would have given it 4 stars. (Seriously, who would not think this a bad idea in an older construction motel...?)
2	Very poor first impression, too bad since the room was decent. I showed up at 7:30 PM on a Wednesday night. Drove right past since the front sign was burnt out. I then walked in and saw 5 people in line with no employee to be found. There was a sign saying "We will be back shortly". Some people had said they had been there already for 15 minutes. After another 15 minutes, the employee finally arrived. He was short and rude with everyone including me. He handed me my room key and didn't tell me what room or where to find it. I had to look around myself.The room itself was nice, clean and decent amenities. Nice big TV although they only have standard def channels so the picture was terrible since it was stretched to such a large TV size. If the service was much better they would have got a 4 star rating from me but it was bad. I will not be back due to the service I experienced and saw.
4	This hotel is a pleasant cross between motel and hotel. The decor is most pleasant with tasteful modernist decor, comfortable bed and amenities. The The pool and hot tub are great and the setting is remarkably pleasant. (There is  a chair lift for those who need it for each-!)There is a park across the street that sends a sweet scent on the breeze, a restaurant or two and small shopping center and grocery just across the way. Most important :the Staff is AWESOME.  The Manager,Emanuel , has gone out of his way to make my stay here comfortable. He even picked up a book for me at a bookshop near where he lives since I am without a vehicle. Morgan has been completely pleasant and helpful. The rest of the staff friendly. The towels are as good as at the Marriott. A fine choice for a fine price.
3	New hotel in Scottsdale (south).  Great price at 50.00 a night, check in is after 3 pm and early check in comes with an extra fee of 25.00.  Rooms are small and colorful, I would classify as urban modern.  Orange doors, granite all around with a comfortable bed and linens.  Downside - microwave wasbelow the T.V. and hard to access, In-room coffee maker was in a corner with an electrical outlet no where in sight and hard to access.  In fact I had to charge my laptop and cell phone in the bathroom area.  OBTW they put a $100 incidental on your credit card.  But there really is no incidentals  to utilize here?  Strange since I was staying only one night and just came from another more luxurious place and it was $50.  I did ask why and was told the marriott charges the same.  Lol.
3	I have stayed here a couple of times for a bachelorette party, birthdays etc. and sadly the hotel has seen better days.  When we first stayed a few years ago everything seemed nice and clean and shiny.  The front desk was eager to please and made sure we got situated alright.  A few months ago when we went back the lobby seemed very worn. The check in area was almost grimy and while uncluttered didn't seem clean.  They were quick to check us in and give us the map to find our room but not overly friendly.  We mentioned we were dying to get in the pool and nothing was mentioned of the pool towels that you have to pick up at the front desk and sign out.  So yes we got all the way to our room on the complete other side (and upstairs) of the lobby and once we were ready we realized we had to go back for towels - frustrating!  Price is cheap, room is clean and pool is nice.  I would consider staying here again but wouldn't be my first choice.
1	Place is a dump!  Not at all what photo's and marketing literature represent. Nice staff, but room was small and dirty. Building is in shambles...looks like they are trying to cover up the oldness. I wouldn't stay here in a thousand years again..nor should you!
3	The staff was really polite and friendly. The problem we had was that The A/C in our room didn't work. We tried to just stick it out but when the room hit 78 we requested another room. It took the staff about 40 minutes to relocate us. Our new room had working A/C but the bathroom door didn't close. The swimming pool and jacuzzi are nice, I just wish they had a bar like its set up to have. All in all the place is pretty average, I wouldn't pay more than 80 bucks a night.
1	No matter how you dress it up, it's still a Motel 6.  Same floor plan but updated. Room has outside door with very small window that makes the room dark and depressive.Lipstick on a pig.We are visiting but had to cancel the rest of our week at the 3 Palms because our 16 year old autistic granddaughter who lives outside of Scottsdale, is now experiencing high anxiety if she has to leave her home. We were hoping she could come stay with us here but we were told she has started to bang her head on walls, injuring herself, crying she is afraid to leave home.We tried to get a refund but the hotel would not give it to us so we left and are going to stay with our granddaughter. We thought they might have a little mercy in this kind of situation. Nope.
2	UPDATED REVIEW: 3/20/14Initially, I had given this place a 5 star rating. However, due to a recent discovery, I am no longer recommending them. I noticed food items missing from the room's fridge (brand new, unopened sushi) , and asked the front desk why the maids had threw away my unopened, untouched in a sealed box of sushi away. They didn't have an explaination, except that they thought that since I wasn't in the room, that I must want my food items in MY FRIDGE thrown away. As a broke medical student, I was really frustrated that my expensive sushi was just thrown away. I called the manager two weeks later and explained to them what happened. He basically  said that he would talk to the other manager, and get back to me. That never happened. I know this is only sushi... but it made me think... what else are these maids going through? Why go through my fridge even? I am very cautious with my luggage, and always make sure to seal my personal belongings inside the case.  So, even if you think you store things carefully away, apparently this does not stop them from rummaging through your stuff. Cons: The rooms are made for ants (aka: super small)Pros: It was clean
4	I really enjoyed my stay at the 3 Palms, the Staff(Robert/George) were great and very attentive. The rooms were not the largest but very modern/updated, very clean, great beds, and a very large flat screen and a DVD player. They also have a great pool and hot tub. I recommend staying on the park side, it had views of a nice park but also views of Camelback Mountain too. More importantly, this location is great and 7 min max drive too Old a Town Scottsdale. I highly recommend this hotel and will be back on my next trio to Scottsdale.
4	Customer service is a focus of this hotel, and it's clear based on how they treat their guests. Rooms are very nice and the pool is fabulous! The walkways outside of the rooms can be a little loud, but rarely an issue unless you're sleeping in.  Plan on a $10-12 taxi ride to downtown scottsdale, but the size/decor of the rooms is worth it.
5	2nd stay was just as great as the 1st! Friendly staff, clean, modern rooms and great rates. Great weekend getaway!!
5	I normally wouldn't give a hotel with outdoor access 5 stars but 3 Palms broke the mold.  The rooms are impeccably maintained and beautifully decorated but what really made the trip was the front desk clerk George the Eskimo.  George was always friendly, smiling and super helpful and really personalized my stay.  Thank you George!
5	Best value for the money in Scottsdale. Recently renovated rooms look more like something out of Vegas for two-thirds the price of nearby competitors.Staff is incredibly accommodating. Stephanie is a closet Victoria's Secret model and a sweetheart. She helped me look through the maid's trash to find a discarded piece of paper (my buddy's fault, not the hotel's). Also, someone may have gotten sick on the sheets and they didn't charge us extra. I'm stopping now.
2	Watch out for the shady Phoenicians who can't keep their freaking hands to themselves!!My boyfriend and I had booked a trip to the Phoenix area to go mountain biking.  We only live about 2 hours away, so we had a nice few days away from home planned, including biking, a movie at a theater that serves food and beer, a trip to the Botanical Gardens, and a visit with family. This hotel is super cute...and it's dog friendly, which is a plus since we get tired of boarding our dogs every time we want to take a trip.  The people at the front desk were incredibly friendly and helpful.  The hotel room was very unique and cute.  The rooms were well appointed, clean, and quiet, and I loved the greenspace across the way from the hotel to go biking, walking, etc.That's the good.  Now the bad.  So we went to Scottsdale for a mountain biking trip.  And on the first night, our bikes were stolen off the back of our vehicle.  Not that we had left them on the back unsecured...we had a pretty burly cable attached to our bike carrier securing our bikes.  Apparently not secure nor burly enough.  The hotel doesn't have any sort of security cams in the parking lot either.  We had booked a double queen room, and unfortunately there really wasn't space in the hotel room for two big mountain bikes, so that's why we left them locked up outside.  It ruined the entire vacation and we ended up leaving the very next day.  The hotel staff was really good about working with Hotwire to get us our money back.  So just be careful about what you leave in/on your car.  I don't think this situation is unique to this hotel either...the Phoenix metro is crawling with human vermin looking for any opportunity they can to steal whatever they can.  It's disheartening and awful and truth be told, I really don't care to go back to Phoenix any time in the near future.But if I do go back, I'd definitely stay at this hotel again.  At the right price it's a great place to stay.  I just won't leave a dang thing outside/inside my vehicle.
4	I have stayed at the 3 Palms twice. Great spot for the money. This time my room was not stocked with towels when I checked in, but no big deal. Only thing I wish is that the bar depicted poolside on countless web sites, was actually in operation. No bar or restaurant on-site. My King Suite was super-nice with just one exception. There are two bath areas, however one bathroom has no sink in the bathroom. Thought the layout could have been improved. There is a large whirlpool tub, toilet and an old regular size tub. The small tub should be removed making room for a much-needed sink. Other than that--great dog-friendly spot! Nice grounds and green space!
5	This hotel is outstanding for the price. For $55 I got a jacuzzi in my room, a detached, large shower, a very nice bed with numerous pillows of different degrees of softness, a refrigerator, large TV, free parking, free wifi, ironing board with iron, hairdryer, and nice decor. Outside, there is a large pool with pool decks, a bar area with electricity, so you can bring a blender and make margaritas by the pool, a hot tub, a nice gym with TV, and coin operated W/D. On top of all that, the people in the front office were very professional - Marriott quality. For the price, there is nothing else like this that I have seen. There is also free parking, and across the street is a nice park and a lake.
5	I have nothing but great things to say. George, Stephanie, Morgan and Jesus helped me during my stay, all friendly and always thanked me for choosing to stay with them. I am a younger female and stayed there alone, not once did I feel unsafe. Housekeeping is always cleaning something! I noticed when I was poolside someone came around often to ensure everything was in place and it was clear of garbage. Rooms were obviously modern and up to date. Bed and pillows so comfy. Room was overall immaculate and didn't smell. Huge HDTV was a plus! Didn't check out the workout room. Who does that on vacation? What an excellent price and just 7 minutes from downtown Scottsdale. I will definitely come back again and hope to get a similar price. Thanks!!!!!
1	WARNING: DO NOT STAY HERE!Bad customer service and very small rooms and bathrooms.Motel 6 converted, no one should charge 100+ for a ill designed room.
1	Didn't have any rooms ready or even close. The manager of the place said it "was out of his control." They were rude and caused us to relocate to another hotel. Terrible customer service and spiderwebs to add. Not even worth the star.
5	Arrived late, met the front desk clerk Stephan, he didn't hesitate to acknowledge that our drive out from Los Angeles was extensive and quickly said that he was happy that we arrived safely. He set us up with a room on the second floor (238) overlooking the pool area. The room was sweet! It had everything we wanted and more, there was a safe and a fridge underneath the credenza. The flat screen television was plush (42") with all the hook ups. I travel a lot, I was impressed with the fact that even the hallways and the furniture in the pool area was spotless. The best part of course was the price, and I shopped around Scottsdale, AZ area for the right deal, the 3 Palms surpassed my expectations, I highly recommend it for a quick business trip or a fun getaway.
3	Pros:this hotel is reasonably priced and clearly newly renovated. Really nice pool and hot tubWhirlpool tub very nice in upgraded room.great locationOne staff member at front desk very polite. Even allowed me to cancel one of my 4 non refundable rooms.Cons: We had several room bugs  spotted in every roomMaid service isn't great. Only made bed left trash in cans, didn't clean counters, tub (dirt from washing of shoes from dirt on shoes, clearly noticeably). Didn't replace soaps and bathroom tissue.Check in process nothing was explained. IE: pool, laundry, gym, or anything.No silver ware?  Plastic or other wiseNo towels at pool or hot tubBed wasn't comfortable at all. Pillows were cheap.I ask manager call me never did.All in all this coiled be a great hotel.  It still needs some work.
4	Stayed here on July 18-20, 2014 and I really liked this place. Friendly service, clean room and sheets, good parking and nice view of the park across the street. They have a nice pool but we didn't get to use it and it overlooks the parking lot so no good view there. I suggest getting a room on the side that has the park view. The AC was amazingly cold and we went in July so it was great. Only a few things marred our stay. 1. A dirty towel was folded in with the clean ones by the sink and the cleaning staff took it away the next day and gave us clean ones. 2. The last tenants left a plate of pasta in the micro and was not cleaned out so we found it on our second day there, yuk. 3. We got a room with the whirlpool and it was fine but the carpet and bed were so close to it I was afraid to make any splashes. When getting in the whirlpool there were no handles or anything you can use to get into or out of it safely so of course I slipped and fell and got a nice bruise on my leg for it, be careful. Other than that it was great! I'd stay here again.
2	You get what you pay for. Police where called to the room next to me. The rooms had a nice modern touch to them overall was a nice look however I did get bit by a bug while I was there.... Not cute.
5	I have been staying at the 3Palms for years. First came here for an overnight in 2008 and I have probably stayed a dozen plus times since. The price for this hotel is unbelievable. The rooms are beautiful, very clean, accessible, and modern. Many times I have checked in at the front and they have upgraded me for no charge just because. The jacuzzi rooms are very nice. The pool is wonderful and there are handicapped access chairs/cranes for both the pool and gigantic hot tub. There is nothing bad to say about this property. I typically pay $55 during the summer, and $75-$90 at other times of the year. Wonderful, wonderful hotel.
3	This is a refurbished motel that is clean, safe and upgraded. Nice bang for the buck.
3	Stayed at the 3 Palms Resort 8/31. It was a pleasant stay for the price.  The bed was comfortabe for being one mattress on top of a piece of plywood. I would stay again if i needed to.
1	TWO WORDS: BED BUGSThird word: refund!...at 1 in the morning. Do not stay here.I stayed in room 223 on 09/12/14, there was no mistaking the fatty bed bug that I found crawling around while resting. After taking some additional time to look at the sheets, I noticed their infamous bloody track marks. Hotel did not fight me on a refund, and the staff was so cordial (too cordial) it confirmed that they weren't surprised when I came down at 2 am with the allegation. They did try to tell me it might have been a bug from a nearby park, but I was outta there before they could finish. I requested to have a manager call me, they reassured me one would, and I have heard nothing.
5	This hotel rocks my world! The whirlpool room is perfectly luxe without being over-the-top. Morgan at the front desk is the nicest most helpful person you could ever dream of. If you are visiting PHX this is the place to stay!
3	I stayed at this hotel as part of a ridiculously cheap vacation package found on Priceline.com. Before you continue reading, I want to let you know this place is not a resort..or even comes close to being one. It's also not a five star hotel or a one star. I've been to both types and I will say this leans toward the nicer spectrum of hotel stays I've had. I'm not going to lie, I had my doubts about this place after seeing a mix of reviews with some mentioning BED BUGS in them. I did a lot of research on yelp and trip advisor. It seemed like management was very responsive and transparent about situations that had happened which I can appreciate so I decided to stay here after reading a lot of positive reviews overall. I will say there didn't appear to be any bed bugs in my room, though on the last day I did see some ants...Upon arriving, it was very obvious this hotel used to be a motel...the set up is exactly like what you would expect from possibly a one or two star place but the inside of the rooms are three to four star quality. They were very new and modern..had flat screens TV, cool furniture, bright colors, and air conditioning. Our rooms were cleaned every day and parking was easy to find. It was nice to be able to park right outside our room every night. The pool area was clean and had a lot of chairs for lounging. Front desk staff were helpful and friendly. I didn't run into a lot of other guests but I would say I felt safe the entire time I was there.I definitely think for the amount of money I spent... this place exceeded my expectations. If you are looking for a hotel that will wait on you hand and foot..or have Las Vegas style pools...this is NOT FOR YOU. But if you are planning on barely being at a hotel while you explore Arizona, this place is perfect and gets the job done.
3	This place is kind of weird and it's design. The metro, 70s theme going which I didn't like. The walls are grey with weird wallpaper and it's focal point are metal orange doors. But that's just for the really observant people. We read other reviews about this place having bed bug problems. So first thing we did was check the beds. Luckily no signs. For a bed that was sitting on a piece of plywood it was actually a comfortable bed! The a/c was nice for a hot day. And very very tiny bathroom. It's an alright place. Good wifi but no continental breakfast. Boo.
5	We have been staying at 3 Palms over the past six years to visit family in Scottsdale. It's reliable to be clean, comfortable, and affordable. Staff is amazingly kind, check in and check out are quick and easy. The pool is great for the kids and parents alike. Beds and pillows are very comfortable. The bathroom is small, but has everything you need! There's a beautiful park across the street.
3	Booked and prepaid online a few weeks before our anniversary. When we started check-in the system locked and we waited. Then we were told that without a credit card authorization we could not be issued keys! Since writing down our credit card info was NOT acceptable we could not have keys to your room even though it was already paid for!! Went back and forth about the situation until one of the employees decided to get the manager on the phone. I couldn't understand why there was no manager on the premises on the weekend!! The manager told them to give us our keys. We got an apologetic call from the front desk but, never heard from a manager.Our room was a little small but, clean. It looked to be recently renovated which was nice. The king size bed was very comfy with nice, soft pillows and the park view was pretty. However, we had no washcloths or soap! I tried to call the front office several times and the phone kept ringing busy so, I had to go up front and ask for soap, washcloths and towels. I was given a bar of soap and told that housekeeping would deliver the rest. Then we got towels and still no washcloths! Eventually the situation was remedied. Great central location. There was a "guest lounge" with coffee but, no continental breakfast. Things were so haphazardly done...location and price must be the only reason they stay in business.
3	The pool closes too early...don't worry, just climb over the fence. The internet connection sucks, don't worry, just use a sniffer program to hack into it. The front desk people are rude and don't care...don't worry, just bring up basic business economics, they'll yield. The ownership doesn't care...don't worry, they'll be out of business in a year. I'm writing this while staying in room # 232 ON December 18th, 2014.
3	Awesome location cute clean room on a park with disc golf course walk to breakfast across the park and near downtown Scottsdale HOWEVER...the beds suck if you have a bad back and the a/c is great but hard to regulate...,
2	Got to the room and the whirlpool had 2 plastic parts laying in the bottom plus the knob for the drain was falling off. Checked out and now hit with $175 in incidental fees that they cannot explain until a manager gets in. Not what one would expect from a place who claims to be more of a luxury hotel and was a place I had hoped to bring a lot of business in the future... Looking forward to determining what is going on...
2	Just booked online. The 'taxes and fees' nearly double the price of the room. These fees are not included or mentioned anywhere until you've confirmed the purchase. Is that even legal?Even with the surprise cost this place is still pretty cheap. I hope it's as nice as everyone says. We are not off to a good start though.
4	Faith in fellow man gets a boost! 3 palms was recommended by my business partner who stays a few days a month in AZ on business. I needed to stay a few days while my permanent corporate rental was set up. nice room with all new furnishings AND a great comfy bed plus ICE COLD A/C THAT YOU CONTROL (makes a difference when it is 115 degrees out). Prices range from $40-50 during summer months to $70-100 or higher in winter months (internet bookings). On my last stay, I was bone tired, it was late at night and I left my expensive customized briefcase on top of my truck while unloading etc.I didn't notice it missing until I checked out a few days later. A fellow guest turned it in and staff tracked it down in lost and found, so staff is honest too, unbelievable. Briefcase also contained some docs that while I didn't need at the moment would have been arduous to replace so i got the bonus round too.You can't go wrong for a easy short term stay at a great value and honest staff. Great night of sleep with ice cold A/C just a good deal overall compared to some of the places in Scottsdale that are a complete rip-off ( see my reviews).
