3	Sporting a more hands on approach to Hi-fi construction, Radioshack sells speaker cables, soldering equipment and various other sound system accessories.Their website is pretty handy for checking stock and altogether Radioshack is a pretty competent stockist of the said gear.I good place to check for any What Hi-FI magazines' recommendations.
3	There aren't that many electronic shops that can compete with the chain store and online control of the market. To survive, these shops have to be very good at what they do, or do something a little different.Radioshack is an electronics shop that has managed to survive. When I went in looking for a very specific cable the staff seemed to know what they were talking about (something you won't necessary find in said big companies) and their range of stock is decent.The shop sells various computing accessories like keyboards, mice webcams as well as storage devices and cables. It also has a reasonable range of cameras, camcorders and various associated accessories. Also expect to find the unexpected, including vaccum cleaner parts and rechargeable tootbrushes.Prices are unfortunately fairly high. Whilst this is to be expected from an independent retailer, it can be off putting, especially if you're a student.Radioshack is perhaps geared more toward the person who already know their stuff and some of their stock is more specialised. There is a lot geared toward the electronic-equipment building savvy. However if you're like me and want something specific or are seeking advice, its worth checking out.
5	With electronics being the male shopping equivalent of a fancy handbag, Radioshack is very much the kind of shop a gentleman could lose hours in, or rather minutes, as it's fairly small.They stock computers, cameras, radios (unsurprisingly) and various other pieces of obscure electronica that baffles me as much as it baffles the other reviewers.While they are indeed not thwe cheapest, I did get a bargain not long back on a small surround-sound system for my telly. It wasn't much dearer than one from Tesco's, but looks and sounds the part. Perhaps a one-off, as It's not the type of store that concentrates on bargains, but good enough to win them top marks.
4	I went there just once for laptop repair, as I was suspecting some kind of connection failure inside my laptop, and didn't want to disassemble it myself. Turns out that their laptop repair service is great, due to:1. They don't charge anything if they can't repair: Some places charge ridiculous amounts just for opening your device under the name of "diagnostics". These guys properly opened the laptop, told that connections look fine, and didn't charge anything.2. Super speeds: I basically got a phone call 1 hour and thirty minutes after I left my laptop, telling me to come and collect it.
