5	The pies are the best I have had in Las Vegas. My favorite is the coconut cream. They also make a delicious rhubarb, but you must call in the order rhubarb. Really friendly staff - they will wrap your pie up for giving as a gift.
1	These pies were no different than you'd get in a grocery store bakery. In fact, I'm fairly certain they are not even baked on the premises. I walked in expecting a cozy little pie bakery with people busy in the back baking pies. Instead I found what is simply a storefront selling pies that are shipped in from somewhere where they are mass produced.. They're not homemade, the ingredient label can attest to that. They are full of preservatives including hydrogenated oils. I usually avoid prepackaged foods but since I was there and the girl behind the counter was waiting expectantly, I bought a pie. Took it home and no one in our family of five was at all impressed. I was expecting something close to homemade. This was not even close. I'm not surprised Ken O. thinks these are the best pies in Vegas. There is nowhere else to get pie in Vegas unless you grab one from the grocery store bakery; which is much cheaper. So my advice is to just do that if you just have to have pie. Or, if you're lucky enough to know someone who makes good pie from scratch, have them bake you a pie. But don't waste your money here.
4	The blueberry pie is outstanding!
2	The BF has been pie obsessed for the last year and while we think we found the best pie shop already, we wanted to give all pies a chance to surprise us.I got excited browsing the extensive menu online and they say they're the best and worth the trip even to Summerlin for someone who is on the strip visiting, even. With that kind of bravado to declare yourself best, it at least had to be decent. A place with the word pies in it, how could it go wrong, right? It's a bit out of the way, you have to go into Sun City golf course community and it's in their little shopping center. We got a cherry pie, for $9.49 and it's a rather big pie for the price which seemed like a plus, if it was good. Unfortunately, this was like the grocery store bakery pie you can buy for $4. It had that same type of crust grocery store ones do, that doughy soft kind and not flaky and crunchy on top like a fresh made one. The BF was so disappointed he just pushed his bowl away and said he's not eating any of the pie left. While it was the right amount of sweet, have you ever made a cherry pie out of canned cherries and the sugar syrup didn't get all the way into the cherry and you just get that tart canned juice flavor? I got a few cherries like that and it reminded me of a awful time I had a really bad gout attack and I sat there forcing myself to eat frozen and canned cherries because it's off cherry season. Bleh. My conclusion is that it makes sense that this is in a senior area. I'm not trying to be disparaging towards all old folks, but my grandpa could eat a burnt steak and not really care. They have no sugar added (uses artificial sweeteners) pies and I'm sure it pleases some people to have that option. I don't do fake sweeteners usually so I am not limited to such handful of sugar free businesses. Even so, I know a few places that offer up some decent sugar free options.I can't give this a positive rating....It was out of the way for a pie I threw in the garbage.
3	First off...this is not the best pie place in the world. The best would be at my house. That being said, I really appreciate this place for having way better than average no sugar added options. When my husband needs a sugar free dessert, I can count on them to have some pretty good pies available. I have also picked up some nice sugar free options to take to diabetics as a house gift. I have never been kicked out the door with one of these so if you need sugar free desserts.....GO.
1	Their "special" pie have to be pre-ordered and that order has to be in by 2 PM, otherwise, you have to wait two days. Their web site should give you this information, both that the pie has to be specially order and the drop dead time. I stopped by at 2:25 PM and I was to late to get my order in for the next day.
5	We use their Sugar free pies, and they taste great.
2	Okay this review is based only on the ordering process as I didn't get to taste the pie. I ordered a pie about 10 days ago and was so excited as they had the type I wanted. The people were very nice who took my order and very accommodating! Hence the two stars. I ordered crumb topping and was so excited. We obviously didn't order anything else now for the birthday celebration with a bunch of people as they had what the birthday guy wanted! Then the day before the celebration when I was to go pick up the pie they call and say the kitchen made a mistake and made it with the wrong topping. Now what do I do last minute? They didn't offer any compensation and did they really expect me to take cream topping?
1	The worst ,sugar free will give you stomach cramps unbelievable. I order four for Thanksgivings and all were a disappointment
