2	I have been going to this location for about 2 years.  I have visited 3 other locations, and seen the outsides of many.  This one is by far the most ghetto one of them all.  It is very basic as far as the equipment, but they do have the essentials.  It's just not as neat or clean as the other locations I've been to.  They need to do some remodeling or something, I'm pretty sure this one is one of the oldest in the valley.  I have also noticed that sometimes a machine will be 'Out of Order' for more than a week, one time it was about three weeks.  They do offer a variety of fitness classes but I imagine they have that at most locations.  If you are nearby this may be convenient, but if you are in the middle of this and another LA fitness, go to the other, I guarantee it will be better.  I will point out that because of its proximity to ASU, a lot of hot chicks go here.  I recommend any weeknight around 8 o'clock for the prime hot girl crowd.Tip:  Apparently the towel service is an additional cost, but many employees will give you one anyway.  Just ask and a lot of times they'll just give you one.
3	Hit, hit, hit and a big miss!This review is mostly for the Aerobic classes.  Everything else is just rather normal and like your average gym, except the layout sucks in my opinion.  Anyway, about the classes.  I was looking for a way to spice up my routine, getting bored is my biggest downfall.  So, I decided to stop in every night to experience a good chunk of the classes they have to offer.  It started out great, the step II class was challenging, high energy, and the instructor was motivating.  The Latin class was fun, although I don't feel like I'm getting as much of a workout, maybe that's because group dance doesn't exactly promote form or teach you proper moves and thus you find yourself just going with the flow.  You wobble left and wobble right, but it's still a fun way to kill an hour while being active.Next was kickboxing.  The instructor has a lot of enthusiasm and I really liked that.  She even takes the time to break down the form for movements she thinks the class is struggling with, rather than just let us kick away while trying not to fall over.  She also ended class with some ab work, which I appreciated.  I have taken kickboxing at a karate dojo and this class is not as intense by any means, but still worth it and you still get a good work out.  I just wish I could hit something other than air!  Maybe LA Fitness will invest in some punching bags. Now for the worst and last.  The spin class.  It was so bad it was good.  I thought to myself- "self, are you in an SNL skit?"  The whole time I was chanting inside my head "never again."  The instructor had NO energy and I couldn't understand anything she said.  I wasn't alone, the girl next to me kept looking over with a wtf expression on her face.  All she said was GO, every single second, I'm not kidding.  I wanted yell, SHUT UP or THINK OF SOMETHING ELSE TO SAY.  Here is a little excerpt:"We goin d clim, okay lay go."Pause"Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, hi sistance, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, low sistance, o, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, hi, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go."  Pause"Key i up""Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, hi sistance, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, low sistance, o, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, hi, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, I me ii."She had no emotion, it was like she was on autopilot.  And the music was waaayyy too low, couldn't hear it over her yelling go.  I really wish I could record it for all of you to hear.  It was mind boggling bad. I almost walked out, but I decided to make the best of it and I WILL NEVER take her class again.  Beware!  All the proof you need is in the numbers- her class had about 6 people in it (most of them new), all the others were packed with people (lots of regulars).  In the end I am happy with my new gym, except for that nightmare of a spin class... and some overly confident, naked lady lotioning up practically spread eagle in front of my locker.  Eww, it's called a towel, wrap it around yourself for God's sake.
1	This is the worst gym on the planet. The facility is small and cramped, the classes are remedial, and the staff is extremely rude. My fiance and I printed the free 3-day passes from the internet to give the club a try. Upon entering the club one of the "membership service reps" took our drivers licenses and told us we would receive them on our way out. Great. Off I went to the step class... which was AWFUL. The instructor seemed like a sweet person but honestly she was tremendously out of shape and should not be teaching aerobics. Ugh. So after an hour of plodding through a low energy class we went to the front desk to retrieve our IDs only to be informed that we had to pay $15 each for taking trying the gym out. What? Um... why does  LAfitness.com  state that it is a free 3-day trial if they charge $15 a day? The front desk clerk attempted to hold our IDs hostage and extort $30 out of us. I literally  had to reach over the desk and grab the IDs off of the counter. The guy then claimed that if we didn't pay he was going to send us a bill or report it to the police because as he claimed "it was like skipping out on a restaurant bill". Um... not if you have a coupon for a FREE MEAL! Honestly this place is ridiculous!  I am shocked that the LA Fitness corporation would condone such unethical business practices. Whatever happened to customer service? So much for trying out this gym. 24 hour Fitness here we come.
1	I'm really disappointed in this LA Fitness location. My mom came to visit me in Tempe for the weekend. She's an LA Fitness member in Los Angeles, and in the past, when at home, I've used the guest pass to go to her gym and have never had any trouble. I should have known when we got to the plaza and the space looked tiny: a one story space in a strip mall. Hm... Oh well. We went inside with the printed pass from their website and the guy at the front desk, took my ID, and then informed me that because I'm not an Arizona resident, I couldn't be a guest. Uhhh, it didn't say that online. But it was posted on their front desk so okay, I can accept that, maybe it was a policy change. The two men at the front (Garrett and Dylan, I believe), called over their manager to see if they could do something to get me in for free. The manager (Jimmy) said he could give me $20 for 2 weeks, but when I told him I was only there for 1 more week, he said I had to just pay $15 for a day's membership. Fine, I'm here, I want to work out. My mom, however, kept asking, because in LA, their customer service will ALWAYS let her bring people in, even if they are from out of the country; she has never encountered the residence rule before. Jimmy The General Manager was so unaccommodating and didn't even listen to her concerns. Hello, your JOB is in customer service.  I didn't want to go into it any further so we went in to change.Damn. As has been said, this gym is super small. It's only 2 rooms, really, one glassed off for classes, the other with all the machines (very basic, mostly treadmills and a couple of machines and a weights section); the ellipticals are in the lobby. Really. My mom took a Pilates class. She said the instructor was really good and made the class pretty easy for beginners. The instructor actually even gave us a recommendation for dinner that we did in fact go to and was great. The room itself was extremely cramped and it was warm inside, even with AC blasting, because there were a lot of people all standing near each other. The people we did meet, however, were pretty friendly; one pair at the weights gave my mom and I some tips and were really nice. When we left, the two men at the front desk did say bye and gave me a slip so I could come again today, and max out my 24-hour use. I plan to, because I did have to pay. However, I would not otherwise visit here again. 1 star for the customer service at the front and the pilates instructor.No stars for the manager not being helpful, poor and awkward layout, and lack of equipment.
2	This is not a terrible place, but it's far from the best.  In fact, you can take your LA Fitness membership card and go to the much nicer newer LA Fitness on Scottsdale Road just north of the 202.  So why would you come here, where the machines are older, the trainers look a little dumpy, and the weights are fewer?  1.  Fewer crowds.  Although ASU kids do come here at night, this place is often a ghost-town in the morning.  Unlike the Scottsdale location which is stocked with the hip-replacement crowd and Stepford wives in the morning, this location is usually pretty quiet.2.  Less pressure.  I've never been hassled or sold anything while working out here.  At other gyms, the personal trainers have a habit of approaching me while I'm working out to sell their services.  Here, they largely leave you alone.3.  Location.  It's very close to campus and doesn't require you to drive near the increasingly congested ASU/Rural Rd/202 nexus.Contrary to some other reviews, I've not yet encountered a signifcant amount of broken or unsafe equipment.  But this is a very basic gym; it reminds me of the weight room my high school football team had.
3	Don't judge a book by it's cover.... while the outside of this location may not look great (shoved in the middle of a strip mall), it does have it's positives.  Except for the 6-8pm after work rush, this gym is never packed... which means you will always be able to use the equipment you'd like instead of waiting 20 minutes to get a few sets in.  The gym has begun a large expansion, so it will be able to compete with its newer and larger sister location on Scottsdale/McDowell.  It's location is good and close to ASU, and there's not ever traffic to get there, at any time of day.The staff is nice and helpful, and care about your success.  It maintains a clean atmosphere, for the most part.  I have never had a bad experience here, and I go 4 to 5 days a week.All in all, I think this is a good fitness gym, and will be even better once the expansion is completed.
3	If you want a fancy gym where you're going to see and be seen while you strut around in spandex this is not the gym for you. If you want a convenient workout this location does just fine. It's never super busy so you can always get on a machine - even after work. Sure, it's not the prettiest gym in town but I'm going to work-out not to look at the surroundings.I do really like the fitness classes so I'm giving one star just for that. I think I've been to almost all of them and my favorites are pilates, yoga, yoga beat an zumba. The zumba class is always packed so get there early to get a good spot or you'll be crammed in the back.I'm glad they are doing a renovation because the club could use an update. I think a new face will give it a new life.One thing I do not like is the front desk staff and area. There are a few people who are friendly but several who don't even say hello to you. Sometimes they just put the scanner on the desk and you just scan your own tag. Really? That seems really lazy and rude to me. And having to walk through the sales area is annoying too, especially when the personal trainer guys are there trying to sell you sessions. I'm hoping the remodel will help this issue.
2	This is an awkward review for me to write for several reasons:-I frequent this gym almost every other day at least 4-5 times per week-The folks who work here are all really nice ppl and totally willing to help you acheive your fitness goals should you purchase their services-The machines are decent, and there is something there to work any and all muscles in your body, often times 2 of the same apparatus-The other gym patrons are quiet and keep to themselves-Never once has it been super crowded, even during peak hoursokay so whats up? why the bad review?well it's conditional, and is highly subject to change, albeit...once renovations are complete.As it stands now this LA Fitness is a graduated big room, there are no lockers, tennis/racquet ball courts, no piscina! The bathrooms are outside for christ sakes!BUTonce the renovations are complete, all that will be a thing of the past. I fully intend on updating this once the work is done, but until then i cant in good conscience give this anything higher than a ** review
5	It's work out time.Get the blood flowing, knock off a few pounds, have some fun doing it.I do some free weights, cardio, swim, and hit the sauna.LA Fitness fills the bill as a place I can go into, have a workout, and leave.I don't know any strangers in this world, so anyone I meet, I speak to.This location does not have snobs, or perverts that buy memberships in order to watch men shower naked.Everyone is friendly. Even the staff that are just trying to make a living as they try to sell me stuff I might need.Sometimes I buy little things, as I am only interested in killing years of inactivity workout wise.Going to the gym is not a social event for me; I do try to remember to take a towel to dry off the equipment. If I don't, the staff gives me one.Good place to work out if you like gyms.If you want a sissy mary gym where they kiss your patoot just cause you spend a peso or two, or where you can think you are their only client, therefore everything must be pristine, this is not your place.I am happy to have this gym in my neighborhood.Considering all the pains in the neck they deal with, I think staff does a fairly good job.*
5	The renovations were completed a couple months ago and this is by far one of the nicest LA Fitness locations in the Valley. They've taken over empty businesses next door and expanded by at least double if not triple the size of the previous space. The locker rooms are clean as a whistle and they've even added a separate spin room so there is more space in the fitness class room without having the spin bikes in the back. All the machines are new and each cardio machine even has its own personal TV and Nike + iPod system to track your workouts. The staff is very friendly and the fitness classes are great!
2	The equipment and amenities are second to none. This particular location just went through a major renovation and everything is brand new. They have a great lap pool, racket ball courts, a full court basket ball court, and more exercise equipment than I care to count. The reason I don't give LA Fitness a higher score is their employees are terrible. It's not just this location either, its all of them. For starters good luck figuring out who works there if you need help. None of the employees wear anything different than gym clothes so you can't tell if they're a trainer or not. Second unless they are training someone they are never in the gym. The gym I came from, you knew who the trainers were, and they would talk to you. If they noticed you were doing an exercise wrong they'd offer advice, if you had bad form they'd assist you in correcting it, they were the first to offer you a spot if you needed one, and most importantly they would keep the gym organized and cleaned up. I don't see how, as a trainer, you expect to get new clients if you aren't seen and offering advice, showing people you know what you're talking about. The gym is great now if they can only get their employees to wear obvious gear, so you'd know they were an employee, then get them out in the gym  offering assistance, advice, and cleaning/straightening up.
3	Typically I go to LA Fitness in Queen Creek Monday, Wednesday, & Thursday - but I started adding this location on Tuesday. I wasn't sure what to expect because from the outside the building looks like mid 80's Miami. I was looking for Don Johnson or the Golden Girls when I walked in - but the inside was much nicer. The reviews from last year speak of a renovation to the locker rooms. Excellent job! That was one thing that impressed me initially upon walking in to change. I actually thought "wow" when I opened the door - much better than the QC location. The machines were nice, electronic and newer than what I am used to at my gym. While there on Tuesday I do a little running then hit the zumba class. The zumba instructor is new to that location (started a couple of weeks ago), but she teaches a lot of courses around town at various gyms. I love her class - she's very friendly and the music is great. I will definitely keep going on Tuesday to this location to attend her class.
3	This is my local gym, it being less than a mile from my house, but truth be told I liked it better before all of the renovations. It's nice now, real pretty with nice new machines and tvs on EVERYTHING, but I'm a little more of an old school gym rat and there just isn't enough room for free weights and crossfit style workouts. I've come to the gym plenty of times and had to drastically alter my workout because there is only ONE squat rack and some tan fella is doing shrugs on it. But aside from that and there only being two rowers, it's not bad, big locker room, tons of machines, nice aerobics area and pretty helpful staff. All in all it's a fine enough gym, I just hope they never find a way to install tvs on the free weights.
4	All my previous gym experiences have been at university gyms, weight sets and ellipticals at various apartment complexes, and at gyms that are associated with an apartment, or with a university and thus provide discounted rates.  When Pure Fitness on Baseline kicked the bucket and LA Fitness took over the Pure Fitness enterprise, they allowed Pure Fitness members to continue their memberships at any affiliated LA Fitness location.  Now, honestly speaking, compared to a gym where I was paying 3 times as much in Cleveland for a place that was a lot older, with older equipment and no pool, LA Fitness is quite nice.  The locker room is spacious and sparkling clean.  Although there is a nice looking sauna in the locker rooms, I haven't really used them since we live in a desert and I don't really need to be any more dried out.  There is a good selection of equipment for cardio and weights for you to choose from, and whenever I've been there at various times and days there hasn't really been much of a wait, if any, to use any machines.  The cardio machines have TV integrated on them so you can plug in your earphones and listen to local network channels and a few basic cable channels (Bravo, MSNBC, FOXNews, ESPN, to name a few).  I haven't really tried the classes so I can't really comment on their quality.The one thing that I do miss about previous gyms is that they don't provide towels for you to use during your work out, and they don't provide much in the way of disinfectant to wipe down the equipment after you are done working out on a certain machine.  Also, there isn't as much as a personal feel to this gym as in others, so if you know what you're doing and have your routine already down, it works out OK.  If you are a neophyte to using weights and proper posture, weight training, or figuring out your cardio routine you will pretty much be on your own unless you request personal training.  So, not a perfect gym, but it's better than what I've been used to in the past!
3	3 stars for A-OK for this LA FITNESS in Tempe.My Reasoning? Cleanness (4 out of 5 stars) This is one of the most comfortable LA Fitness facilities in Phoenix, new renovations and clean new machines make it very nice and comfortable to work out in.Crowds (5 of 5) for: I don't have to fight for machines which I like. To many times I go to the Camelback location and I end up waiting and wasting time to use one machine. I come up with this issue much less at this location .Customer Service (2 of 5) I don't see many staff around and about at this location only at the desk greeting but never around keeping busy with other members. Maybe its the time I work-out that makes me see less staff, because I have been multiple times where I don't see any LA fitness staff in around the gym.. NOT a good look.overall its better than the other LA fitness so I will continue to keep coming back
4	I was sold on this gym as soon as I walked in and saw the iPod plugs on the elliptical. You can either plug your iPod in so that it's charging while you're exercising, or you can plug your earphones in and watch tv. I get SUPER BORED on ellipticals, so this is perfect for me because it really helps pass the time.The classes are well-taught, and are taught late enough to be able to get to them after work. I LOVE the Yoga classes, definitely very relaxing.The only con about this place is how busy it gets. Lots of muscle-bound college kids and if you go right before or right after work you'll probably be waiting around for a free machine.Oh, and strangely enough, a lot of the free weights go missing. Sometimes it's really difficult to find a pair.
4	I am a big fan of local businesses.  When I go somewhere I don't want to waste a lot of time traveling.  This LA Fitness is right around the corner from my house.  In fact, I have walked there a number of times.  The facility is clean and the staff are nice enough.  They recently remodeled and updated this location, transforming it, imo, from a gym into a fitness club.  I will give them props for changing how they arrange the dumbbells.  Before the remodel they were arranged quite poorly.  If you were lifting 50s and wanted to move up to 55s you had to walk the entire length of the dumbbell rack in order to get your weights. Since the remodel they have added a squat cage, and another squat rack so that eases some of the congestion on leg day.Factoring in the convenience, the cleanliness and the reorganization of the weights, I rate this 4 stars.
1	I have been a sucker wayy too long. The gym is just okay, but the staff has no idea what they're doing. Either that, or they don't care about their customers one bit... as long as they're taking your money, it doesn't matter if you're satisfied. My husband, brother-in-law, and me have been on the same bill for who knows how long (the staff told me that we could only use one card to pay for all three of us since it is a family plan, so my brother in law has been paying so we have to pay him back). My brother in law moved maybe two months ago and cancelled his membership. My husband and I hadn't gone in a couple months, so we decided not to update our account with our card. Well, guess what? They had been charging my brother in law for our accounts. Their response was that he never told them not to. It just seems like common courtesy to ASK him before they continue using his card. My husband and I haven't been to the gym since he cancelled his membership, but we still owe over $100 to his brother since they continued charging him. They would not reimburse him AT ALL, even given the circumstances (we hadn't been in even once). All they care about over there is money, even if customers aren't walking through those doors, they're still happy as long as the money keeps rolling in. I have been a member here on two separate occasions and have had awful experiences both times due to staff incompetence. This was just my most recent frustration with them. I will never join again and highly advise everybody and their mother to stay away from this place.
2	So i really enjoyed working out here because I could just walk across the street. I am giving a bad review because the people that work there are rude, at least smile or say "hi"... that would change my mind completely. Also, so many of their treadmills had problems such as lowering my running level all the way down to 2 while im making good speed on my mile and feeling real good. So then I have to move to another machine only to find that one doesn't increase speeds.. then move to another one thats has a boat load of sweat all over it. by that point i'm over the treadmills and working out. Classes are great i did enjoy the yoga and the pilates. Another thing that did irk me was my price i had to pay, I signed up and my only option the gave me was $10 a week so $40 a month... while my friend was only paying $19 a month.. and signed up after me. I questioned them and they said they had no other promos at the time i signed up and they couldn't change my payments. great customer service.... so i stopped my contract. OVER IT.
2	This LA fitness is better since it got renovated but the prices are still a bit high for some of the dated machines. My biggest problem is with how rude the employees are and how HARD it is to cancel membership. they give you a letter you have to mail and cancel with the main office and it's a total hassle hearing back and confirming. I cancelled and had to endure them calling for 3 months. The pool isn't used very often so that is a plus.
4	As a parent, I love that LA Fitness has childcare provided on site.  This particular location has a wonderful play area for kids where they can climb, crawl, and slide.  The staff is very sweet and love that they interact with the children as well.  For an additional $10 a month on your membership, it is a wonderful benefit to enjoy while you work out.I also love the smoothie bar.  Not all LA Fitness locations have these.  I reward myself with a chocolate peanut butter  protein shake after every workout, and I love engaging and friendly manner of the proprietor/smoothie artist!  The equipment is updated, all stationary bikes have television sets and/or IPOD docking stations.  The facility is clean, the weight equipment, such as dumbells, neatly stacked and arranged.   Classes offered here range from Kickboxing to Yoga.  Even if you are joining in for the first time, the routines and steps are easy to learn and adapt to, due to the capable teachers.  For kickboxing, the pace is intense and the class is long - so I was happy to be able to duck out when I had enough my first time around.When joining this gym, you are given the opportunity to have a fitness assessment - and of course you will have trainers and staff willing and able to help you reach your fitness goals.I feel this location has something for everyone, and definitely makes it easier for busy parents on the go.
4	Get here in the morning if you are interesting in lifting without waiting all the time... Doing cardio might be difficult in the morning.Staff seems friendly, equipment is clean, all in all a good place to workout.
4	I have been working out here for years.  This is about as nice as it gets for a standard gym.  The joint was redone several years ago updated remodeled and totally enhanced IMO.   It is a lot more crowded since LA Fitness acquired that gym on baseline and rural.  My only complaint is that i just added my teenage daughter and a trainer called last night at 9:30pm to see if she wanted an assessment.  I thought that was a little late.
4	I use La Fitness esp. for the various Aerobics / Yoga / Zumba classes.1st thing. -  If you take the time to find out who the best teachers are this turns out to be tremendous value.  I use Trena / Teresa for yoga, Scheyla for Zumba, Melanie / Nancey fro Step, Trena for bodyworks, Jenna for club boxing and there are many more good teachers out there. There are also some poor teachers - like I said just takes a little time to figure it out. The second thing is that there are so many LaFitness clubs around - it doesn't take much time to get a summary of of the schedules on line for all the clubs and figure out a good routine e.g.  Melanie Sat morning step tempe, Scheyla Monday / Friday Zumba Stapley and dobson, Trena sat morn Yoga Dobson, Teresa Sunday morning Yoga, etc. etc.The third thing is to wait and execute on the special deals. e.g. sometimes at Xmas or New Year they have the buy 2 years get the third free plus keep the same rate...Some of the gyms have gotten a little scruffy, but over time they upgrade all the gyms - and generally kept reasonably clean despite the heavy traffic..When you consider you can pay over $10 for one yoga class on the outside - works out at great value in my mind...
1	Sorry L.A. Fitness, you don't care about your customers, don't care about what type of staff you employ, and don't think about what would be beneficial for those with memberships. Unfortunately I have personal training sessions to be used up but when those are gone, SAYONARA!
3	The cycle of life has inspired me to again pursue a more fit lifestyle.  There are lots of discount options available through my employer, so after visiting some of the choices available, LA Fitness won the challenge of convenience, hours and price.$25 a month, first and last to start, no start-up fee.  The locations near home (about 6 blocks away) and near work (also about 6 blocks away), I can follow my mood and either swim in the morning before or in the evening after work.  Today, I visited the location by home.  It is the location I started my LA Fitness experience. The locker room is big, ok sized lockers, tile floors certainly cleaner appearing than the carpet on Priest.  The benches are also cleaner.  .This location has a clean pool, sauna, hot tub and steamroom.  The showers are clean and bright.  I did not see any standing water; while there, a work crew was replacing the door between the locker room and shower.  There is one big water spot on the ceiling that disturbs me.  Since it is a lap pool, what I see appears to be due to a leak in the roof.  Another challenge...this location does not have the towel service that Priest does.  For $10 a month, why no towels at this location?I stopped in at this location when checking out 24 hour and LA Fitness.  The salesguy at this location reminded me of a used car salesman.
3	Awesome instructors in all of the classes that I've attended.  I enjoy going to this gym.    The age range of this gym is a very wide-spread.  I find that there is a large group of silver sneaker folks as well as the college group.  They have a large staff of personal trainers.  I don't really see what those personal trainers are doing to help people.  I often times see them training people and looking off at something else when their client's form should be corrected.  I wouldn't use any of the trainers that I've see in that gym.  There is a fair amount of them, so this may be something that you would like.I do like the fact that they have a smoothie bar in the gym.  Life saver a few times for me when I've forgotten my water bottle or had nothing to eat for hours prior to working out.  They server bananas and almonds which is a good after workout combo and I have enjoyed that a few times.I could be happier with this gym if they would:-get better fans in the classroom.  -maintain their equipment in the classroom.  (What the heck happens to the mats every week?)-
4	Well to start off just because someone tries to sell you something or talk about getting into a certain program doesn't mean the gym is poor quality. DON'T COMPLAIN ABOUT CONTRACTS YOU SIGNED! If they say sign here, here, here, initial there, and so-on take the time to read every line and negotiate the terms you want. Don't sign something and then complain about the contract afterwards, and in all reality that applies to everything, but hey what do I know....ServiceI hate when I read negative reviews and the only complaint people have is "they pressure you" Really!? Don't get me wrong I agree if you are asked every single day multiple times a day it is bad service. But stop equating someone doing their job with annoyance. Yes, they will try talk about the different memberships and yes they will have you do a "free" fitness evaluation wherein, they will try to get you into a personal training program. Let them do their job and if you are completely not interested just respectively and assertively say no, and they will leave you alone. But on the other hand what do you have to lose from a fitness evaluation. You can actually get a great understanding where you are physically and where you want to be, after that do your own thing if you want. Plus, if you do want personal training evaluate how much you spend at Starbucks, or eating and drinking out and i'm sure you can budget the funds to start an investment for your health. One great customer service story I can share was from one of their employees named Talib. He walked through every program available and never pressured me to sign up for anything I didn't want to. He explained how he thought I can accomplish my fitness goals and left it at that. I did not sign up for training because I would personally feel more accomplished doing something on my own. But if you are looking for someone to kickstart your fitness goals no matter what they are whether to bulk up, slim down, increase flexibility, gain endurance, and etc, he is the go to guy. If you currently go to this gym or thinking of signing up get to know him because he goes the extra mile to help anyone out. Equipment-I really like all of the equipment they have to offer. I have been to other locations and other gyms where machines are out of order for weeks or on the brink of breaking. I have yet to see a piece of equipment out of order for more than a few days. They also do a great job of keeping the equipment clean. Atmosphere-I have read that people dislike the atmosphere, but if you want a quite, peaceful, and relaxing workout stay outside or go to a yoga studio. Yes this place has music that sometimes increases in volume and yes there are a lot of people but it's a gym! I rarely have to wait for pieces of equipment and there are plenty of cardio machines to go around. One annoyance you may encounter are the "gym rats"  I don't mean to be offensive but hear me out. If you go to the gym twice a day that's great and there is nothing wrong with that if that is what you want to do. But a "gym rat" in the context I am referring to is a person who isn't actually working out that much and is standing around looking at themselves in the mirror as they scream when lifting.  It is not that often of an occurrence but it does happen (but then again it can happen anywhere). I don't think that is representation of the gym but just individuals being obnoxious. All in all I enjoy coming here and they have programs and classes for all range of fitness goals. They always have promo's for 3 day passes or 5 day passes so swing by and check it out.
1	not gonna say they're all horrible but some of the people here at the counter are completely rude, full of attitude and down right IGNORANT. they need people skills training. But then again it is not just my personal experience that LA FITNESS does not care for their image nor for their current members.
3	Ive been coming here for some time now, really convenient because its right across the street from my place. Has all the machines you really need, great sized pool, pretty much just do what I need to do and get out. My only complaint is that it's ALWAYS A DAMN MESS! this place can be fully staffed, people standing around at the front counter texting away on their phone, yet the place has free weights and plates scattered through out. If the staff spent as much time on the floor straightening it up and acknowledging you rather than turning the scanner towards you to scan your own card at the door, this place would be in great shape!
3	This gym has all the basic equipment that you would need to work out everything. I like this gym for the convince of how close it's to me. It has a kids area so parents are able to leave their children while they work out. They also offer a pool, basketball court, and racket ball area.
3	I've been a longtime member of Bally's and later LA Fitness among various fitness clubs over the past decade.  Since relocating to the Phx area, I took up membership at LA's Chandler (S. Tempe) location.  Having enjoyed the Chandler locations cleanliness, crowd and excellent pilates and other core group classes, I never felt in-sync or a genuine interest from the training/management staff.  Infact, just the opposite, I have experienced curt, condescending and rude behavior if unwilling to partake in paid training sessions or agree with fitness "facts" taken out of context.  In due time, I moved 3mi north of Dobson Rd., and was never pleased with the state of the Tempe location nor the student athletes/crowd which frequent it.  Still, simply wanting a workout, I would frequent Tempe for quick workouts close to home and Chandler for classes.  This evening I met 'David,' Tempe's newly hired Director of Physical Training and I was taken away by this chance meeting and our 2hr conversation over nutrition.  I have met and worked with trainers, most as friends, however, none were as knowledgable, clear, and invested as I find David to be.  None have genuinely taken interest in my current knowledge base to expand it further with honest, and careful direction.  David shared only factual information from experience and training in a most sincere manner.  Very patient, and informed, David held my interest nearly 2hrs.  I truly feel all my research and interest in nutrition & fitness thus far had prepared me to recognize a true "coach" when I was to meet one.  I look forward to what is to come!  The coach makes an athlete, not the gym.
4	I usually play basketball at around 11:00 am and got rejected by the wet floor for a couple of times. I guess that's the only issue why I give 4 stars.
1	This gym is not always packed, but nobody ever bothers to put their weights back where they go.  It's always a mess and usually difficult to find the dumbbell or EZ barbell weights you are looking for, because someone has left them in a different part of the gym.  I've never seen one staff member try and keep the place somewhat organized. It's usually a disaster.  I'd rather drive further to a different location to avoid frustration at this gym.
4	Great location, awesome juice bar. Tons of machines and weights to choose from and awesome classes.
1	Rudest staff ever! Pretty just belittled me :(When I went in the gym I had a guess pass and everything was cool. Gave me the your and said I was a jerk for asking him questions about the cleanliness of the gym, hygiene etc. Seriously dude it's a common concernEdit. I forgot to mention that this guy threatened to call the police on me because I asked for his full name to complain to corporate.
1	The people at the front desk are always on their phones, watching tv or talking to each other. I was waiting to get checked in when there was 3 LA fitness workers standing around talking with each other, I ended up just walking in with out getting checked in. Not to mention their intensity cafe totally sucks at making protein shakes. They are bland and almost pure blended ice with no flavor! I make the extra trip to workout at the LA Fitness in Scottsdale from now on.
4	Well.. Yeah it's crowded between 4-7p.Yes there are usually weights EVERYwhere I mean EVERYWHERE scattered in the gym. Yes the staff really isn't personable 1. Expect crowds at ANY gym between 4-7p.2. Most gyms where people actually like to workout and are serious about it you will find weights scattered everywhere. You may even have to wait for a machine or two. 3. Do you really come to the gym for the customer service experience or to work-out?Of course I would prefer less crowds and people to actually re-rack their weights. But common sense will tell you that probably wont happen especially if you go during the primetime hours. Overall it's exactly what I expected from a franchised gym.
4	Saturday 2-hour **Killer Techno/Trance HipHop ZUMBA**If you love Dance and are in need of motivation to help you shed some holiday "POUNDAGE" I DARE YOU to try this 2-hour DANCE class at LA FITNESS! It's NOT your traditional Latin Zumba class so you don't have to worry about being able to follow the steps. It felt much more like "Techno-Hip-Hop" to me...simple, repetitive steps, squats and kicks with lots of funky hip movement! The class was packed when I got there so I had to squeeze in the back of a somewhat small room (compared to other LA Fitness clubs). It was Leo's sheer energizer-bunny enthusiasm and determination to motivate that kept me there the full 2 hours!He truly enjoys leading & is such a POWER-house! He would even give Kleven Craig, who was top instructor at Phx. Club a great workout!(If you're in Phx., Kleven now has GREAT classes at the Paideia Academy Community Center, Mon. thru Thurs. (He also deserves a rave review, but I never had the chance to write one about him, because he left LA Fitness too soon! Sigh...sad face )So be sure to check out some Zumba classes soon! Many LA Fitness clubs around town have GREAT Instructors too!Maria, Beatriz, Sheyla, Bernadette..some of my favorites after work!If you really hate working out in a gym like I do, it's a really great way to burn some calories and have some FUN!You don't have to be a member to take a class, you can pay a DROP-IN fee... $ __? Be sure to call an hour ahead & make sure they didn't cancel the class! Small disclaimer...tiny print...NOT meant to be negative in any way...but just trying to keep it 'Real'... if you take Leo's SATURDAY class...Remember to STRETCH WELL before the class, bring bottled water or sports drink, hand towel and maybe some ear-plugs if LOUD music bothers you or you have sensitive ears! Also... It is HOT!!! VERY, VERY HOT in the TEMPE Club's room!! So hot, the mirrors steamed up when I was there... so be prepared to sweat & walk out drenched! (I sure wish management could do something about the air circulation in there, but don't count on it!)All the OTHER clubs have much larger exercise rooms...so it's not really their fault that it gets sooo hot..just so many people in there at once..maybe Leo could teach at a LARGER club ?? I'm sure he'd FILL THE ROOM!! :)
