4	Got a chance to check out the newest business in Harrisburg last night!  I had a Chai tea that was good, and spotted several choices that I'd like to try my next visit - even received a coupon for a discount to return soon - can't beat that!  Didn't take any pics this trip, grand opening is in a couple of weeks and interior decor should be picture ready by then!Owner and barista were friendly and will fit right in with the Harrisburg folks!  Good location and potential in this spot...outside seating is on it's way too, just in time for warm weather.  Free wifi and plenty of outlets is a plus too!  Looking forward to my next visit!
5	Sitting here as I type this review Very nice place,friendly service and good coffee. Give it a try I know you will love it
1	I stopped by this morning to pick up a latte and a muffin on my way to work - it was around 10am, so long after the morning rush (if there is such a thing in Harrisburg). I waited and waited and waited for about 5 minutes for the barista to stop flirting with a customer who was in front of me - they were basically just chatting - then I threw up my arms and left. I want to support local business as much as the next guy, but at least I know if I walk into a Starbucks, I can get in and out in 5 minutes.Skip this place, if you have anywhere to be. Got time to waste? This is just the place.
5	love this place, great coffee and fraps!
5	Six yelp stars! !  ! *** *** Today was my second visit!  My first visit was the week they first opened and both experiences were Fantastic!  I live in South Charlotte so I'm not in Harrisburg much!This is easily in the Top three of the Best Espressos I have ever tasted and considering it is not Cuban is saying a lot!  Today the owner waited on me and made something, I have no idea what is called (Espresso, Sweet and Creamy with Dark Chocolate) it was so good, it took me a long time to finish because it was a flavor to be savored, so good it begged me to take my time (I'm VERY susceptible to begging).  Fantastic Flavor, a cool comfortable spot and Friendly, Knowledgeable Service!11-3-2012 I took my New NEW Girlfriend here and she and I enjoyed the Luna Pops and Coffee!  Jamaica Jo's uses Costa Rican and Guatemalan Coffee Beans and I think that is why I LOVE this Coffee so much - This was my third visit here and like the first time and it took me four days to finish one small cup... It is that Incredible!  The Luna Bars are made in North Carolina (Hillsborough) and we enjoyed the Pistachio and the Cappuccino Chip!
5	Jamaica Jo's is my new favorite coffee spot.  I've recently started going here in order to get away from the high priced, commercial Starbucks.  It's always better to support local especially when they are just as good.  I think it even makes it taste better.   They also offer wine here which I have yet to try but I do know that the wine tastings fill up rather quickly.  Jamaica Jo's also offers Luna Pop's which are frozen treats from Wilmington, another good reason to come here.   I usually stick with the Lattes and have yet to be disappointed.If you're a regular, like me, they have a frequent visitor card that after so many punches you can get a free drink.  I don't remember Starbucks offering that.
5	My wife and I (and our 4 children) frequent this place throughout the week. Recently Derek added sandwiches to the menu. I tried the first one listed ( I-Ree, i think it's called ). It was delicious! Reminiscent of the time we spent in Jamaica, the Jerk Mayo is such a great touch (they will put it on any kind of bread you want) perfectly tangy and a hint of spicy.
4	My wife and I stopped in on a Saturday night (during a REALLY slow time) and we were treated to a very friendly and corgial young lady who waited on us hand and foot. She was pleseant. She let us sample some of the wines that were already opened to see if we liked them. We enjoyed coffee, dessert and wine and her company made everything a fantastic experience. I think with a coffee shop and a wine bar in Harrisburg, I think Jamaica Jo's found their niche with combining all three into an excellent model. I hope they keep it up.
5	Great wine, coffee, and service.
4	I'm a big fan of this place.  Everything I've had there is really good.  I usually get  sausage, egg and cheese on a wheat bagel and it is delicious.  The coffee is good too.  I would definitely give it five stars if I didn't have to wait so long everytime I go.  They usually only have one person working.  So, if they're are a couple people in front of you in line, you should expect to be there a few minutes.  Sometimes I sneak out of the office to go get a cup of coffee, but it will take 15 minutes to get in and out of the store.  However, like I said, its usually worth it.
5	This is a fun little coffee shop in harrisburg, nc, which is literally smushed right next to charlotte.  Staff is very friendly and helpful, and the coffee is bold without being too bitter.  When it comes to coffee i love my fru fru coffee drinks, and here they can mix with the best of them.  They also sell luna pops, which are fun popsicles made in hillsborough, nc.  Although they were a little on the crystallized ice side, the flavor was still very good and worth getting!  They also have a selection of baked goods and sandwiches, which we did not try this evening, but will definitely be back to do so!The atmosphere is comfy and cozy and you don't feel rushed out the door.  If you're in the neighborhood, and even if you're not, this is a fun little coffee/wine shop to stop into and sit and enjoy good coffee and good company!
5	Love it. Gone there to read, get away, coffee. I've also been to one of their wine tastings, it was a blast, I recommend. It's also not far from the house and doesn't get packed, making the couch a nice place to open a book.
5	I know it says "coffee"... and the coffee is really the best (better then any chain!!!). But Jo's is my go-to for a simple lunch and a great glass of wine.  You can't beat the wine selection.  Enjoy a glass with a tomato basil mozzarella salad or the hummus trio.  It's the perfect place for a casual evening out with the girls if you want to avoid the bar scene. I found my "Cheers".
3	It was alright not the best and one of the staff members had a pretty poor attitude for the morning, when I get my coffee I expect friendly people in the mornings kinda puts a damper on the day when someone is a sourpuss. But the coffee is pretty good I would buy their wine over the coffee though.
3	3/5
5	Very cute little artsy coffee shop offering a large variety of coffees as well as wine. They also offer lots of local made treats, cupcakes desserts.
3	Third trip to this place. Pluses:Fair prices. Seating is really good. Some nooks with two seater tables some out in the open tables and a few cushy chairs and a couch. Lots of windows to look out. Lots of comfortable seating outside. Good piped in modern music. Staff are very very polite and welcoming. Great giant cupcake selection of high quality and high satisfaction. Real plates and forks for pastries. Minuses:Regular coffee is often stale tasting like it had been in the carafe a little too long. Have to ask for creamer. Poundcake slices are dry and have a little preservative taste to them. Outside seating is noisy because it is near the shopping center entrance. I keep coming back because those cupcakes are so darn good, the staff are so darn friendly and I keep hoping that the coffee will be darn better than the last visit.
