5	Enjoyed Blu Burger for the first time today.  Service in one word was AMAZING!  Haven't had such wonderful service in years!  Food was fantastic, they were down one cook so it was a little slower so they brought us out some french fries to hold us over.  Food is very well priced ohh and the sweet potato fries are some of the best I've ever had.
5	Best burger around these parts.  I had a turkey burger that was moist and flavorful, not easy to do with turkey.  I really like how you pick everything on your burger from the bun to condiments, some of the choices are interesting and tasty (raw jalapenos-hot!).  Onion rings were not greasy, but had tons of taste-didn't even need ranch or something to dip them in.My dining guest had the veggie sandwich that was also near perfection, maybe just a touch too much oil on the veggies.  Only problem for this place is that the center is dead.  6 PM on a Friday and the place was not even 25% capacity.  I hope it makes it as this is a great place to grab a bite.
3	burger was good, service was great, the set up is ok but nothing i would expect for a high end burger joint. too institutional feel for me, too bright or too something i just don't know?
5	This place is great! I have been there several times and the service has always been excellant. I had a problem with my burger once and the management took care of it right away! Two thumbs up!
2	While the food was ok it was just that.  It's hard to make a burger taste bad I mean it's a burger add bacon and cheese and you are good to go.  Blu burger is a new joint in park west over at northern ave on the west side.  The decor is nothing fancy painted blue inside all over and it is pretty basic I thought it would be a little bit more trendy.  The service was absolutly terrible the waitress too ten minutes to ask fir our drinks ten minutes to bring them then she left and ten minutes later she came back for our order after a manager asked if we had put it in.  Food arived quick my burger while tasty wasn't worth 11 bucks I had the blu burger which is the angus half pounder with bacon and grilled onions and cheese.  My side was sweet potatoe fries and they were good but cold.  The waitress never asked if I wanted ranch or hot sauce or anything.  In all I would say for a gourmet burger this isn't your place it's ok at most.  If u want a burger before the movie it may work for you.
5	The food was great! My burger was perfectly cooked and seasoned. I had a side salad and the balsamic dressing was probably the best I've ever tasted. The wings were great. Moist, crunchy, and the sauce had a nice little kick to it. Our waitress was great. She was very friendly, made great recommendations and most importantly, kept our drinks filled!My only complaint was the decor.  As the name implies, everything was blue. The walls were all blue, every other window was tinted blue, so your food appeared to have a blue tint to it. It was a little off-putting.  They should rethink the blue and just have pops of blue with neutral walls and non-tinted windows. It would make the food more appealing to look at. I still give it 5 stars though!
4	Love this place for many reasons: 1. you can get any kind of "meat" you want2. you can put everything but the kitchen sink on it3. sweet potato fries!They have great burgers, yummy fries and the best dirty martini I've had in a long time! Is it gourmet? Nope. But I've also been to Deluxe, and wasn't impressed. BlueBurger is a great burger joint.
4	Best burger I've had in a long time. There are lots of killer toppings as well.
4	I love Blu Burger, but I'll admit, I get excited over it mainly because of its location in the West Valley. It's nice to have an upscale burger place nearby. I always get the veggie burger here, and it is actually really good for a veggie burger. Most restaurants serve a run-of-the-mill veggie burger that tastes like its been in the freezer for 10 months waiting for someone to come in and order it. But Blu Burger's are great and very fresh, and unique tasting. It keeps me coming back for more, when I am in the neighborhood. If i had to pick one thing i don't like about this restaurant, it would be the aesthetics. The over-saturation of the color blue is a bit much. I don't really like everything to have a blue tint to it (including my food), but that's just me. For one thing, people look horrible in that kind of lighting too. Wouldn't want to go on a first date here!!! The blue windows need to go. It's a bit much...too harsh. But all in all, great service, great food, and great location. Two thumbs up!!!
4	(Shhh, I'm trying to stay awake at work, so writing this review!) Last Saturday, out-of-town friends and I found ourselves in this neck of the woods for the first time to visit the monstrosity that is the sports arenas/shopping malls. (NEVER AGAIN!!!)Made our first mistake going to a Yelp approved Mexican joint that made us pay a cover charge to enter, that promised they'd have seating inside, but didn't.We were hungry, so we were happy to find that this place had seating and was not crawling with drunken wrestling fans.  I was particularly thrilled with their milkshakes for $3.50!  My Bison Burger was HUGE (1/2 pounder), but I think I made a mistake and should have built more toppings into it, because it was overall a bit dry.  For you non Beef eaters, they also have saladsOwner and Servers were friendly, and I liked the blue, clean ambiance.  It did it's job well!
4	3.5 starsThe overly blue decor did not bug me, as it has some previous reviews, but I will admit the space is lacking a bit. The service was super friendly and attentive, but then again there were only 2 other tables there when we arrived, so a drink never went empty which is always nice.I love the build your own concept for a burger. I love burgers and it is nice to have creative control. I also really liked that they had sharp cheddar as a cheese option, I really love sharp cheddar on a burger. I went with the standard Angus and the burger was juicy and tender. I asked for medium and I ended up with medium well, but it was still good. The husband went with the Kobe Beef and couldn't pick out a huge difference between his and mine- something to consider if you don't feel like spending $3 more.My biggest concern are the fries. I went with regular fries, and maybe I am becoming a fry snob, but I wish that they were fresh cut. I knew right off the bat that they were from a freezer bag and while they weren't bad, I would of loved some fresh cut potatoes with a bit of skin- it would of added to the whole experience for me.Overall tasty burger with a lot of options. I hope they start picking up with business, it is nice to have a good burger place nearby.
3	We decided to go here because it was close to the theatre.  I have to say we were thoroughly dissapointed.  The burger was not very hot the bun ws cold the fries were cold.  The server was decent it just wasnt that good of an experience.  If you are lookin for a good burger check out Smash Burger.http://www.yelp.com/biz/smashburger-avondale
4	Great burger place,went there tonight with my family and was very pleased with the food as well as the service, the buns are very tasty also. I got the california burger which was cooked perfectly and juicy.the herb mayo is yummy and love how they put mixed field greens atop the burger instead of some romain or iceburg lettuce. they have a kids menu which I didnt know before we went but was pleased when they brought a couple out for the kids with crayons,the hubby got a BYOB burger which is build your own burger, he got a bunch of toppings and the waitress even pointed out after we got our food that he didnt get a sauce so she went and got him some chipotle mayo which he liked alot. the kids menu consists of chicken fingers,grilled cheese,mini burger,or pb&j all with french fries for 5 bucks. I didnt have any problem with the lighting which I heard made your food blue but not for us,even if my food was blue I wouldnt care because it was awesome! the only reason there are not 5 stars here is partially my own fault, I ordered the sweet potato fries but I had never had sweet potatoes before, I know now that I dont like them but the regular fries are very good. all in all a great place to eat and I would really recommend this place to anyone who loves a good burger.
3	Let me start by saying I don't eat a lot of burgers, however, I still love some me good eats.  I was really looking forward to trying the Blu Burger Grille.  My love of all things blue (the color, the cheese, the fruit, etc.) had me ready to add Blu Burger Grille to my list.  While I can't say it was my favorite burger of all time, I can say they have a great concept and a tasty burger.As many other reviews have mentioned, the decor is very blue and yet plain otherwise.  Not really a big deal, I don't like clutter anyway.  The Build Your Own Burger concept is great!  I could spend twenty minutes deciding what I'm going to order and discussing with the group what they are going to order.  With so many different options for the patty, the bun (or bun substitute), the sauce, the toppings, and the extras the combinations are almost limitless.  For those of us that can take too long to make decisions (guilty), they have a few suggestions for burger combos, another great idea!  Also, the option of salad, sweet potato fries, or onion rings as a side make a great menu in my book!My California Burger with swiss, sauteed mushrooms, and avocado was pretty good.  The bottom part of the wheat bun got soggy quicker than I would have liked and the top seamed like a lot of bread, but the burger tasted good; I was too busy eating to bother mentioning it to the table.  Sweet potato fries were decent.  I also got to try a BYOB turkey burger and a Blu Burger.  I was very impressed with the moistness of the turkey burger and thought the amount of blue cheese on the Blu Burger was a little overpowering.  As I said, I love stinky blue cheese, but it is a strong cheese and you really don't need much to get the flavor across.Overall, the options are fun, the burgers are good, service is fine and I left satisfied with no regrets.  Next time I'm in Peoria and craving a burger, I'd go back.
5	I love the color blue.  So when I walked in, I fell instantly in love with the decor.  We were greet immediately and sat in the tables in the middle of the room.  Review the menus and cool idea, Build Your Own Burger!  Total of 6 steps...  Pretty cool, since I am kind of a picky eater.  I got the angus beef (well, no moo-ing), wheat bun, swiss cheese, and mayo.  There are a ton of other selections to add, but I am a plain jane when burgers come into play.  Got the side of fries.  For a burger that is well, it was still very juicy and tasty.  Not dried and hockey puck style.  I was very happy...  Then...  dessert time...  Got the pizza cookie!    Very good...  The comb of half baked cookie and ice cream with all the good food put me into a food coma...  Our server was great and attentive.  The manager stepped in to help the server during a slight rush of people, he was attentive and funny.  Loved the personal attention we received.  Great food + great service = excellent dining experience!
4	UPDATE.....I rated Blu Burger a while back and said that I did not see a colored tint to my burger which is true but I went back a few days ago and we sat in a different spot and my whole burger patty was GREEN! lol it was weird at first but I knew it wasnt rotten or anything it was just the lighting,hubbys salmon wrap was also green. It was still delicious though! so pretty much it depends on where you sit and what time of the day it is,the later it is the more colored your patty will be and if you sit more towards the back in the booths I found thats when your patty turns green :)
4	I was craving a burger.  So I went to Blu Burger and boy did it hit the spot.  The ingredients were fresh and tasty. I really enjoyed the location.  You can bring dogs on the patio. So next time my dogs will join me. :)
4	Order the blu burger, it is wonderful, the combination of caramelized onions, gorgonzola cheese and applewood bacon is divine.   They also have a build your own burger options which is nice.   The sweet potato fries are excellent and the service is fabulous.   They are now serving breakfast on Saturdays and Sundays, can't wait to try it.
5	My daughter & I just happened to find this place one night & I am so glad we did!  Absolutely one of my favorite places!  We usually get the turkey burger w/goat cheese & a fried egg & sweet potatoe fries.  They are more than happy to split the plate for $2 which you then get your own portion of fries.  They have a great chipolte mayo & red pepper sauce which we use for dipping our fries in which is super nummy.  Then for desert they have a chocolate chip pizza....basically cc cookie dough thats not quite all the way cooked with 2 scoops of vanilla ice cream....to die for!!!  I can't recommond this place enough.  It's not a real big place & the service is good.  Go to the Blu Burger & thank me later. :O)
4	We tried their signature Blu Burger and a build your own with the Kobe beef. They were both great and very large. We tried regular fries, zucchini fries and onion rings. The zucchini fries were awesome! The only bummer was there weren't very many. The sides are definitely not for sharing. Another con is that they actually have a split plate charge of $2. That really bothered me. Overall, great service and good food! Next time I am trying a $3.50 milkshake.
5	Yummy burgers!!  And guess what?!  They do breakfast and you can bring your dog for patio dining too!!  They have awesome omletes and protein pancakes for those who are cutting calories.  Burgers and salad are awesome, its a lot of good so beware!  Try the sweet potatoe fries too. You have to try the burger with goat cheese its so good, it sounds gross but its not!  Pizza cookie dessert is like heaven served in a baking pan.
5	Burger lover's dream! Try the blu burger & sweet potato fries. They also have "build you own" burger options and various apps. Their chips & salsa was delish! Great selection of beers on tap including a beer brewed in Flagstaff. Definitely going back again soon.
3	Considering this place allows you to create your own burger I was expecting something a lot better. But maybe I was just setting my expectations too high. My husband had the angus burger and I opted for the bison on wheat with spinach, caramelized onions, jalapenos, chipotle mayo and a side of zucchini fries. The fries were excellent, but they serve you such a small portion. 5-6 fries and gone! Burgers were satisfying, but not sure if they were worth the price. For that price for a burger and a tiny portion of a side I'd much rather go to Delux or Fez.
4	Walking into the Blu Burger is a little disorienting.  It's almost oppressively blue.  At first I couldn't stand it, but after a while it kind of grows on you.In general the entire place is a little bit confused.  It's decorated up to be modern and sets the expectation of modern American, but then it centers around a bar and has a lot of bar elements like a chalkboard menu and tons of taps and wide assortment of fried foods.  It just leaves you feeling like the Clampetts, which... isn't always a bad thing.  The service is phenomenal.  They have that end down to science.  The food has a lot going for it.  It's fresh for the most part.  I had a bison burger with zucchini fries and it was all very good.  The cooking technique wasn't overly impressive.  They drown out the burger in a bun and it just isn't the way I would do it, but it's not bad.  I almost want to take them to Delux and show them how a good bun enhances the burger, but theirs just kind of blands the burger out a little too much.  The zucchini was solid, the dressing was a little uninspired, but it worked well.   Overall I like it because it's very American.  It's a blend of ideas, it's unusual, but the people there work very hard and it shows.  It has a ways to go to become a great place, but for dropping in to catch some fried food and a burger it beats a lot of other options out there.
4	I was very pleased with Blu Burger. The service was good, the food was good and I liked the atmosphere. I got the habanero burger with onion rings. The waitress said the habo sauce was very hot and it would be best if it was put on the side. I said sure. I'm glad she did as it wasnt too hot, but I didnt really care for the flavor. A1 as the sauce, much better. The wife got the American burger. I got a bite of that and it was very good also. She got regular fries and the were good with malt vinegar. We split a fried cheesecake desert with caramel sauce. I'm not much on sweet things, but it was very good as well. Next time I think I'll get a Kobe burger. It is quite a bit more expensive than your average sit down burger joint.  I think its probably third on my list. 5 guys and Fuddruckers. 5 guys is the best hands down. This isnt really part of the review, but I just kept thinking, Grimaldi's is next door. Oh how I live Grimaldi's. Strong 4 stars. It was like $40 with tip and we didnt get any alcohol. I read on their website, mon and tues are buy one burger get one free with buying 2 drinks.
4	Very good service, the food was good, the sweet potato fries really hit the spot and the atmosphere is also very inviting. My only peeve was the the decor was a little weird, but I'm not eating the decor so I could handle it. I do go here very often and enjoy it every time
4	Although today was my first  "check in" at Blu Burger, I have been there several times. Today, however, was unlike any other. Normally when I visit BBG I down a turkey burger with a side of fries and I still somehow manage to shove a pizza cookie down my throat. Today I was lured to try the portobello mushroom burger... I will never eat a turkey burger from BBG again. Aside from all of the delicious condiments that you can choose to put on your burger, the portobello is marinated in a great balsamic dressing, which leaves it absolutely juicy and perfect. I did not even bother to ruin the luscious flavor with other condiments. Every time I visit BBG the staff is warm and welcoming. They are very fast and your food never takes too long to get to your table. It is a great place to hang out with friends or even go on a date.Needless to say, my "check in's" at Blu Burger will continuously grow.
4	Groupon lured me in here, and I'm so glad! I'm not that "into" burgers, but my sweetie is, so I couldn't pass up the deal. The place is very clean and cool looking with the brightly painted murals on the wall. I liked that the menu wasn't over crowded with random options but still had something for everyone. We both chose build-your-own grass-fed burgers on onion buns, medium rare with different accoutrements. Everything turned out great! Burgers were cooked perfectly, just the right amount of toppings applied, and they came out just as we ordered. Plus the servers were on the ball and super friendly. Also great were the sides! I got sweet potato fries but ate more of my dates zucchini fries instead. This worked out bc he ate more of mine than his. I LOVED the zucchini fries SO much, I will go back just for them. A great experience except for one tiny thing. It smelled funny inside! We got used to it eventually, but upon first being seated we both commented on the funny  aroma of the place. Hopefully this is not the norm. I thought it smelled fishy and could be attributed to the salmon patties I saw on the menu, but who knows. I will smell it again next time.
4	During a day of shopping, my best friend suggested that we grab some food from Blu Burger Grill... I had never heard of it before, and I wasn't exactly sure what to think... considering I'm usually very picky about my burgers. I decided to go with the "Build Your Own" Triple Mini Burgers and O-M-G. I LOVE them. Perfect size, perfect portions. And their pizza cookie is excellent as well!Overall, this place is awesome. Excellent service, and excellent food. What more could you ask for?My only problem with this place is that if you go for a booth, make sure you get it next to a window that doesn't have the blue film over it. You will start to find yourself feeling a little dizzy before too long.
3	We went to the movie right door , we just decided to try it out. The place was cute love the patio especially with the great weather we are having . The server where trying to figure who was going to take our order , finally we got a server . It took  about 40 minutes to get our burgers. They were ok .  I did had to send mine back to cook some more it was rare.Our bill came to  $36 for 2 burger,fries, and 2 sodas. Are you serious!!!
5	This place serves delicious burgers and the Scottsdale location is small but intimate. They have many varieties and their french fries, toppings, and sauces are amazing.
3	Blu Burger is A-OK for me. I like the fact that they offer grass fed beef and bison burgers.  You can create your own, which is what I would  recommend.  Both their grass fed and bison burgers are very good.  You have several choices of toppings starting with their bun - wheat, onion or white.  I do think their buns are too big and found myself removing the top bun so I could enjoy the taste of the beef and bison.  Get their roasted red pepper sauce and add a few toppings to go with it.  Skip their fries, they tasted pre-frozen and go for their zucchini fries.  They are a bit mushy inside but crispy on the outside.
4	We had a great experience at this Blu Burger Grille location the other day, so they are a 3.5 to a 4 star rating and nothing "blue" about it ; -) Restaurant ~ as stated in other Yelp reviews, this place is literary "blue" everywhere. Even if your not a fan of the blue color, the blueness starts to fade after a while and a few drinks.  It is conveniently located in the Park West Plaza ~ 101hwy & Northern in front of the movie theater.Service ~ was great. Our server knew their menu well and was able to answer all of our questions.  She was very attentive to our needs and kept our drinks filled.Food ~ they offer Angus beef  and turkey patties for their standard burgers.  They also have a build your own burger where you can choose grass fed beef and bison as well.  We went with the grass fed beef and the bison burgers.  The meat was cook very well and was mouthwatering delicious.  We chose their onion and white buns for our burgers.  They were a bit too big for the burgers but tasted ok.  They have several choices for burger toppings to choose from.  Your burger comes with fries, but I upgraded my fries to zucchini fries.  Both were unappetizing and needed to be doused in catchup or ranch dressing. Their onion rings and sweet potato fries were not really any better.  Their salad was very fresh and flavorsome. Side note ~ I love blue cheese on my burgers, but if you order their grass fed beef or bison burgers you may want to skip ordering the blue cheese because it can mute the taste of the beef.  You don't want that beefy goodness to restrained or diminished in any way. Recommendation ~ give this Blu Burger Grille a try next time your in the area and craving for a tasty burger.  Go for the grass fed beef or the bison, skip the fries and go for a side salad.  You won't be disappointed.
4	I love this place! I took my father here today for his birthday dinner. I knew he would love the Bison burger. He liked the waitress more (by his smile). The place was empty and it was just after their happy hour 3-6 (I'm going try to get there for it one day) The burger was delish, mine medium rare and wrapped in lettuce with tomato, goat cheese and herb mayo on the side. I also got the zucchini fries. (A nice departure from the sweet potato fries everyone serves.. even here.  They have a portabello burger and a ostrich burger that are next on my list to try. The staff were polite and attentive without hovering, the mango tea is great too it's unsweetened which seems hard to find.
4	My bf and I both got make-your-own burgers (I ordered bison and he ordered kobe) and thought they were absolutely amazing.  There are so many choices. Make sure you go when you're hungry bc it is a LOT of burger! Service was fantastic
4	Well, my brother came back early from NYC and came over so we decided to go out to eat and we have been wanting to try Blu Burger for a while now.  It is a higher end burger place but casual.  They are a Build Your Own Burger restaurant.  My wife got the Angus Burger, my brother got the Turkey burger and I got the Chicken breast.  We all added the toppings we liked and all gave it 4 stars.  On mine, I got BBQ sauce, jalapeno, habanero sauce, and gorgonzola  cheese on a whole wheat bun with sweet potato fries.  The presentation was very good and the food was delicious.  My wife likes her burgers medium rare, and a lot of restaurants wont do this any more so she was happy they would.  She said it was cooked right and was very juicy.  Service was good and we will definitely be back.
5	I love this place still!  It's amazing and for they have a delicious portobella burger and some very yummy salads!  Service was once again great, and I'm happy to see some place so consistently good in the west valley that seems to be hard to find out here.
2	I walked in and thought they forgot to put the lid on a blender full of smurfs... BLUE... EVERYWHERE..... After I got past the atrocious decor, I ordered Wings mild, a appletini, kobe Burger and Sweet potato fries. The wings - they only had mild and hot when it came to "buffalo" flavors. I ordered mild, but preferred a little more kick. They were really good and juicy. The martini - ick ick ick too much crown royal.... wouldn't think I would complain about too much alcohol in my drink. I told the waitress and she didn't do anything. didn't offer to replace it or take it off my bill.The Kobe burger - hmmmm I ordered medium rare and it came out "gray." It tasted ok, but something just wasn't right with the meat. and I was disappointed that it was over cooked. The sweet potato fries- excellent, but you get a very small amount as a side to you burger. I would possibly go back and try a different burger.
5	I work in Park west and stopped by tonight.  The girls are sweet and the food is good.  Simple as that.
4	My wife and I stopped in for a lunch here and found this to be a nice, convenient lunch stop with good food and good service.  Burger was cooked to temp perfectly.  I had their namesake burger appropriately called the "Blu Burger" and it rocked.  Worth a repeat visit!  Nothing I would do differently.
4	The grilled chicken sandwich here has me almost aroused. It's two slices of the most amazing sourdough bread that's been toasted to perfection, with a succulent grilled chicken breast, under lettuce, tomato, and mustard. A bite of this sandwich feels like sheer perfection in my mouth. The bread alone had me asking them where it comes from, it's a local bakery, go figure. It comes with a side of fries and they are nice and crispy. The decor is very blue....but I like to sit outside anyway.
3	I have been here twice, both times great food short wait. This time they are  slow in the kitchen... due to a table of 8.... and they were short a cook. The owner put on an apron and got to work...Gordon Ramsey would commend him! The staff kept their cool and when people left before their food came they apologized and said Merry Christmas! I WILL CONTINUE TO SUPPORT THIS PLACE!!!!
4	I went here on a Thursday afternoon. There were about four other people there. However I think we just got there before the rush because at least 3 other groups of people showed up after us. I had the habanero burger with sweet potato fries. The burger had the flavor of habanero but lacked the heat, which I liked. The sweet potato fries were well done. I ordered the burger Medium well and it was cooked to perfection.The staff was very friendly and service was fast. The only thing I can say bad about it is they only had one table for six people. So I guess if you want to go here, bring only 5 people. When it's all said and done, I'd definitely go here again.
1	We out the other night with my Girlfriend, and was craving a good burger.  Since this place is right next to where I live, we walked over.  Couldn't walk out fast enough.  If you are in the mood for a bland burger....this is your place.And if you are looking for a place where the decor is as annoying as the bad service....this is definately your place!****UPDATE****So, after writing this, I received an email from a person claiming to be the owner of the restaurant.  They said they were sorry for the bad experience, and would like for me to come back, all the while informing me that they had a hard time believing that the burger was just as I said....bland.  (Rule #1 in business.....Your clients perception is their reality)  After a few emails, this person asked for my mailing address, and again asked me to come back sometime.  To this day, I have not received whatever it may be that I was suppose to receive by mail.  I would encourage anyone who chooses to go to Blu Burger to just look for another spot.  In my opinion, your $ will be better spent elsewhere.
1	Went to go have a nice dinner with my husband before we went to the movies. It was 7:44 when we walked up to the door and were yelled that they were closed very rudely by the manager. We asked what time they closed he replied 8. We brought it to his attention that is was before 8. He said he didn't care And we couldn't eat. I have never been treated so rude before.
5	They don't just have great burgers.. I love the chicken sliders-mmmYum! But  what really has me yelping is the sign I read that said Pets Welcome :))) next time I go to the BluBurger, my beagle MaddyMay is going too!
5	I'm not generally a big fan of burgers, but I love this place!  Their "blu burger" is amazing!  Bleu cheese crumbles, carmelized onions and thick, crispy bacon on an awesome onion bun, oh my!  I highly recommend adding avocado to it as well.  I can't speak for the other sandwiches because I love the blu burger too much to order anything new. Heh.The zucchini fries are a thing of beauty AND they allow well-behaved dogs to hang out with you on the patio while you enjoy your meal.  They even brought my little guy a disposable water bowl!I've also had great luck with their waitstaff, everyone is friendly and on task.  It's pretty busy on a Friday or Saturday night, but just perfect for a Saturday afternoon lunch.
5	Yum :) best burger I've had in a long time. Even my daughter who always just picks at her plate managed to chow down every last bite.
4	I had the chance to talk to the owner after a few missed communication attempts and was able to let him know my experience happened before my review and was pleased to receive an apology and that was greatly appreciated!!! In my opinion just reaching out shows that he cares and values his customers opinion. I will defantly give them a try again.
4	Cheap happy hour specials 3 and 4 dollar plates. Typical bar food except somehow the Buffalo Chips were slightly addicting. They sounded gross but I could not stop eating them. Homemade chips, hot sauce, and mild blue cheese. For my meal I got the Kolbe Burger which was delicious.
4	Prices are ok, but the burgers and portions are huge! Free wifi... awesome location... I can't find anything bad to say about this place. I wish happy hour was better...
4	Food was good as always.  The atmosphere is so cool with everything being blue inside.
5	Great Amercian Burger! Amazing service! Brilliant interior! The burger was delicious but it was a little big. It's a great restraunt good for any occasion.
4	Solid burger place. Gave it a 4 b/c only one burger place in my opinion is a 5 in this world and that Kuma's Corner in Chicago. If you're ever in Chicago go there no matter how long the line is...its 100% worth it! Anyway back to this place...started off with the wings which were okay. I'm more a dry rub kind of guy when it comes to wings and these wings were swimming in sauce. The wings I thought were cooked well just to "wet" for me. I then had the bleu burger which was really good. The burger was huge which is always a plus in my book and then caramelized onions, nice thick bacon, and blue cheese all worked really well together. Finished the meal off with a "pizza cookie" or "cookie pizza"..something like that..which was essentially a huge cookie in a small pizza pan type of dish with vanilla ice cream. It was a nice sweet way to end the meal. Bottom line if I want a burger I would def. come back here. Only downfall I really experienced was that getting the food out to us was a bit slow in my opinion and I'm not sure if our waitress had a hearing problem or something but I had to keep repeating my order. Anyway that stuff wouldn't keep me from coming back here. Solid place.
4	I am giving this place 4 stars because it is called blu burger not blu chicken. I must say that I have been here 3 times and haven't had anything bad but prefer the chicken sandwiches to the burgers. Although there is a large selection of toppings, I am rating the quality of the burger itself. The burger is nothing specials but the array of toppings make it pretty good. I enjoy the fact that they are pet friendly because I might stop in after the doggie wash or some other outing that includes my fur baby. I personally prefer a few other places for burgers. A chicken sandwich with gorgonzola, bacon, caramelized onion and anyone of their delicious mayos is a great meal and large enough for me to eat twice!
4	Let me start out by saying that as someone who has come here about every 2 weeks or so for the last year, I think they have one of the best (if not the best) burgers and onion rings in the valley. If I was basing this just on food, it would get a 4.5 or 5 stars. The customer service, however, that I have been getting recently has been increasingly terrible. Today was the straw that finally broke the camel's back so to speak and I finally had to post about it. To sum it up, when ordering,I asked for habanero sauce on the side of my to-go habanero burger so as to not have a saggy bun when i got home. When I got home, I had received none so I naturally called them up and explained it to the lady that answered the phone. She got the girl that took my order and the first thing she does is to accuse me of not asking for it on the side in a very annoyed tone. This was complete BS as I remembered the exact conversation as the lady interrupted my order initially when I was asking for the habanero sauce on the side. In the end she asked what I wanted her to do. I asked her what they normally do. I was offered the choice to either come back and get it (really?) or get credit for the free sauce next time. Needless to say I hung up laughing/in disbelief.The whole conversion was very unprofessional. I have worked retail for 10 years and I would have been HORRIFIED if I overheard a fellow coworker acting like she did. This type of service has unfortunately become much more common. This once loyal customer is now starting to try and find a comparable burger place with better service.Most of the food is AMAZING. However, you are taking a russian roulette-esque chance as far as customer service.Edit: I don't think the owner endorses this type of behavior, however, more care needs to be taken when hiring employees. I have personally spoken with the owner in the past when his cell phone number was accidentally posted on the web instead of the Blu Burger number and he was a really nice guy that was engaging to talk to in a funny circumstance.Edit #2: Recieved an apology from both the owner as well as the waitress in question. I gave them another try and they made the same mistake. I spoke with the owner over the phonne who was very apologetic, gave me his personal cell phone number, and refunded the meal this time. The owner is really amazing I have to say, but they have made errors at a high rate. This has the potential to be a 5-star place if they make less mistakes than I have been witness to.  TBD...
3	If my rating was strictly based on food, I would rate this place 4-4.5 stars. The burger I had was good but the decor made it difficult to stay and eat. I understand the name of this place is Blu Burger Grille but does everything have to be blue? I wanted to give 4 stars but I really couldn't because the decor made it unsettling. The server (Stephanie I believe her name was) did a nice job and the food tasted great, so if that is all you need to enjoy your dinner, then this place is for you. In my opinion, if they added some other colors to off-set the blue the restaurant would be much more visually appealing and I would return but as it currently stands I don't think I will be returning to dine in.
4	Great service.  Walked in, greeted immediately and seated in a booth.  Wait staff was attentive and made sure the drinks were always full.  Food was good.  Variety of burgers and toppings were plenty.  Price is OK.  The burger prices are reasonable.  For the price of the sides, I would have expected larger portions.
4	Another fun visit! I am a big fan of the Pear Chicken salad. Lovely goat cheese that gets all melty from the warm grilled chicken...mmmmm. The mango iced tea is nice too. Not too sweet or too fruity. It's nice to have healthy choices amid the movie theater and Grimaldis..which I love. :) Definitely hit this place up. The burgers are yum and definitely give this salad a try!
3	Expect to pay $10-12 for a decent burger and fries in a tacky, blue-themed interior in cafeteria-style tables and seats.The happy hours isn't bad, as it boasts some reasonable and fun appetizers along with $2.50 IPA drafts, among other options.The service was decent, but not great, and the ambiance as a whole didn't seem to be worth the prices on the dinner menu.  At least, I can think of several better options.
5	Awesome burger! I stopped by Blu Burger last week for lunch and absolutely loved their signature Blu Burger with Kobe beef. Definitely order their sweet potato fries with chipotle sauce....amazing!Service was great, we were in a bit of hurry and had no problem getting in and out.
2	Built my own bison burger which was delicious you can't really go wrong with a burger. Meat was cooked just as I wanted. Ordered a side of sweet potato fries and was disappointed. They were dry and over cooked. They were more like sweet potato chips because they were hard and crunchy. Service was alright not the best I've had. The decor is hideous the blue windows can really hurt the eyes. I would recommend eating outside, inside smells terrible like they have a bad sewer line. You think they would fix the problem.
5	5 out of 5 stars simply for the fact that it was the best burger I've ever eaten. Kobe beef, any bun, blue cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato, pickle, a1 sauce. Off the chain!!!
5	Heard a lot about this place and thought to give it a try today with my wife. I Loved the bison burger, very flavourful and jucy. my wife ordered the kobe and said the best burger she has ever had. Will definitely be back.
4	I love being able to build your own burger and eat sweet potato fries! I love all the options available to you while eating and my daughter loves the kids menu too!
4	We went in for Mother's Day without a reservation.  The manager meet us at the door and was able to seat us right away.  Our waitress was named Stephanie and she was so awesome. She was very friendly and took the time to small talk with us even though they were crazy busy. She provided me with my free Mother's Day mimosa and gave us time to look over the menu.  We did the Mother's Day special and had the bruschetta, green chili burger and the BBQ burger with brownie for desert. The bruschetta was pretty good nothing to special but good.  The green chili burger was decent, the pico de gallo on the burger was a bit too much for me.  The BBQ burger was flippin amazing, I found myself hoping my boyfriend would get full so I could eat some of his (he did share).  The brownie was amazing and warm with warm chocolate drizzle that went amazing with the vanilla ice cream.
5	The atmosphere is good, the food is delicious. The portions are large, good value. The location is fun. The wait is short. We have enjoyed going. The wait staff is good.very enjoyable. We look forward to going back.
3	Just starting out on vacation and not knowing our way around AZ, I turned to Yelp for a decent lunch spot for 5 hungry (borderline hangry) people. One doesn't eat health-food, or even vegetables really; One is nearly a vegetarian. Three of us would've eaten our own fists at this point. Enter Blu Burger Grill. This spot seemed perfect, as they offered sandwiches, salads and the most enticing thing - build your own burger, where a 'burger' includes Beef, Kobe Beef, Bison, Turkey, Salmon Filet, Veggie Burger or a Grilled Portabella Mushroom. Sigh. Of. Relief.This location is set up at a mall and seemed relatively new-ish. The decor (as mentioned in previous reviews) is hideous. But, we were seated right away and all seemed to find something we liked on the menu.I went with the Build-Your-Own Bison Burger ($14) and was a little underwhelmed. They offer a lot of topping options, but the really good stuff is all $1 extra per topping. I got some veggies, cheese and added guacamole for $1 anyway and asked for the herb mayo on the side (sauce was a freebie). I thought my burger was okay but the bun was way too big for the amount of meat. Super bready and kind of hard - I ended up leaving behind over half of the bun. They didn't put much guac on and forgot the herb mayo, which I was pretty much over at that point. I opted for zucchini fries as my side and enjoyed them, though I thought they were a little stingy on the portion. Everyone seemed pretty satisfied while eating (like I said, we were all starving) and I have to say the sandwich that looked the best was a Chicken Sandwich on what looked like sourdough. The service was kind of slow, it was pretty packed and I think only 1 or 2 servers were working. Luckily we got our order in before the rush. Overall, I'm glad we went - everyone found something they liked and no one had to compromise.
5	Great service.  Great food!  Great times.  Outside is wonderful in the evening and especially on the weekend.  Inside is very enjoyable.  The game is always on on the numerous flat screen TVs hung about the place.  I truly enjoy it here.
4	There was a point where I was considering giving up on Blu Burger. Apparently when they first opened, the place was quite upscale and pricey. My aunt told me that you could get some really high end burgers here but to expect to spend $20-30 per person.If that is the case, we never went when it was like that. The current menu has been in place for a few years and I'm a fan of that. I will say that the American Kobe (which is a pet peeve. Kobe is from Kobe, Japan! The breed of cow is wagyu. I wish restaurants would call it wagyu!) was good but I didn't find it worth the increased price. The selection of toppings is great but some of the upgrades do cost extra. I personally wish caramelized didn't cost extra but that's not a huge deal. The fries and onion rings are both great. The sweet potato fries are not bad. For a while all of these sides were pretty bad. Everything tasted mushy. I have not tried the fried zucchini since the last time I ordered it. But that was back when I was thinking this place had gone downhill.My last 2 visits were far better. I'm not a fan of the 50s decor but the food has gotten back to the point I remember when we first started going. My favorite burger is med rare. I like goat cheese, lettuce, caramelized onions, and whatever aioli strikes my fancy that day.
4	Solid burgers and better food than there used to be. We've had some quality issues here before, but went again for their anniversary special and were pretty impressed. My burger came out as ordered and the toppings were nice and fresh. Overall, I can't complain.
3	Everything is an up charge. Both times I've been there has been good. They do tend to make your order incorrect. Will possibly try them again
4	First time I came here I thought this was so so. But going back recently at the request of a friend. I did a build your own with angus beef, ham, mushrooms, spinach, tomatoes, garlic. Really good!
2	Pricey for good, but average food. Left feeling like I spent too much for what I got. Paid for atmosphere.
4	I came here just on a whim because our movie was starting later than expected.  I had the bison burger and chicken sliders. The bison burger was delicious and a great alternative for those on a diet.  I also know bison is difficult to cook because its low in fat so the fact they managed to pull it together and make a great bison is an accomplishment.   The chicken slider were juicer and very flavorful. I would definitely com back to this place.
5	The service is always great with April, the place is always clean, and the burgers are amazing! Try this: Kobe beef, green chile, bleu cheese, buffalo sauce, lettuce, on a wheat bun. It's what I always get and I love it.
3	Came to this place a while back and, while the food was pleasant, I cannot say that there was anything to set this place apart from the other restaurants in the area. The food was good, but slightly overpriced given that you are essentially buying a burger and fries. The staff is generally good at service, but overhearing employees talk about their personal life (especially where the management joins the conversation) usually makes for an awkward time. This is a place for people looking for a new experience; otherwise, I would recommend one of the other restaurants in the area.
5	My friends and I were looking for a new place to go because we were feeling adventurous and we were so glad we found this place. It was about 4pm on a Saturday and we walk in as a group of ten and were seated right away. We were served by this super cute and fun server named Corey, I believe. He was very laid back and have us great suggestions on what to get (though I think it'd be difficult to find something on the menu that wasn't absolutely delicious). We got a ton of appetizers to share and they were all great. The green bean fries were delicious along with onion rings, french fries and sweet potato fries. We also got an order of some amazing potato skins! Then we each got a burger. There were so many options from salmon, to three kinds of beef, to portobello mushrooms! There were all kinds of toppings and condiments too! I especially have to rave about the zucchini fries that I ordered with my burger instead of french fries. PHENOMENAL. Seriously. Plus, they had a ton of beers on tap which was awesome! A lot of times you go to places advertised as "bar and grille" and they don't have a wide variety but everyone got something different! My bill (including 25% tip because of the awesome service) was about $18! Not bad, I'd say! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone! Make it a date night too because there is a movie theater within walking distance! Love it!
3	Worth the wait. Very long wait time to take our order, despite having plenty of staff. Burger was very good.
2	It's blue, like sad, food is not too good.  They copied Deluxe in Scottsdale, that place is the one to go too.  It busy, tasty, and fun.  This blu burger is not, but the fries are good.Interior is nice but I think the staff just gots to be more friendly.  I feel like I am the one being judged there, it should not feel like that.
5	Really good burgers. I love how they break everything down and you can truly create you own burger down to the meat, the bun, the toppings and the sauce. I've seen this place packed. So be sure to call ahead to see the wait time. Also sign up for the rewards you get 10% off and other great coupons!
4	Good place!!! Had the pear salad which was served in a trough and could've served everyone in the restaurant!  Was very good and thankfully the salad wasn't soggy from the warm chicken!  We had the buffalo chips and for homemade chips, they were so crispy!  I definitely will be back!
4	We were in the area to see a show in the Jobing.com Arena and this particular location was in a shopping plaza near there.  They are on the end corner close to the movie theater and this offers a decent view from both inside and the porch outside.  The ceiling feels endless in here and it's very open. There are several TVs throughout and they are playing a variety of things, but if a game is on, this wouldn't be a bad spot to sit and watch.We both created our own burgers - I had blue cheese and garlic on mine and he had caramelized onions, ketchup and cheese on his. For sides I went with fries and he opted to get onion rings for $1 more.  Everything was made to order and the burger was a perfect medium as requested.  The fries were good, as were the onion rings - although we debated the extra cost for them, but hey, it's only $1.  Our server was very nice and handled everything quickly and checked back regularly to ensure everything was good.  They had some yummy looking desserts on their menu, but we were pretty full and on a time schedule, so we skipped them this go around.Overall: ADefinitely a good burger stop off and next time we'll know to save room to try dessert!
2	Pretty sure bison burgers were frozen patties. Not great for the prices. Expected way better based on previous reviews. We will not be going back.
2	I have given this place five stars in the past but it has gone way down hill. The meat on my burger was tasteless. In my opinion when you don't toast the bun, your not even trying to make a good burger. Our waitress was very friendly, which goes a long way with me but, that burger was bad! I do realize that places have off days so I gave them another chance. Unfortunately, my burger and my husbands burger were the same. Unseasoned meat, untoasted bun = not a good burger :-( What happened to the delicious burgers they use to make? I'm giving them two stars only because our waitress was great!
4	My wife and I had a wonderful late lunch at Blu Burger Grille today.  This was our first visit.  The restaurant was very clean and inviting and the stall, especially our server Anna, were friendly, knowledgeable and helpful.  My wife had a signature burger and regular fries and I had a "build-a-burger" and sweet potato fries.  Both burgers were gourmet in every sense!  My sweet potato fries were the best I've had!If you can't find (or build) the burger of your dreams at Blu Burger Grille it would be amazing.  We will definitely come back!
3	Had dinner here last night. Cute place but for what you spend on a couple burgers, fries and beers you could do better elsewhere. I only gave this place 3 Stars due to the prices, long waits to be acknowledged at the bar, and getting our first round. Started out with the buffalo wings, with mild sauce and that was pretty good because they were crispy. We were seated at the bar when I noticed the couple next to us seemed to be waiting a long time for their food. They ordered grilled cheese sandwiches and that was at least 20-25 minutes.  Next we received the Burgers we ordered a few minutes after we finished the wings. Perfect timing! The Burger I had was the Angus with Bleu Cheese. Awesome!  Fries were nothing special. Luckily for me I requested 1000 Island on the side because had it been on the burger I would have left. I had a feeling that would be a wise move because after tasting it I noticed a heavy dose of cinnamon in the dressing.  Whoever had the idea to do this should be slapped. Don't overthink things people, 1000 the traditional way is what I was after. Wife had the Kobe burger. Loved it and she chose wisely with the onion rings.  I was jealous!  Way better than the boxed frozen variety. Anyway, I'd come back but this place appears to be run by amateurs. I don't want to be mean, but the lack of teamwork and everyone on the staff looks like they just do kind of whatever they want. Maybe a good candidate for Kitchen Nightmares or Bar Rescue.
4	Habenero Burger - (MR) arguably the best burger I've ever eaten. Fresh bun, flavorful habenero sauce, and everything cooked perfect from sauteed onions to a perfect medium rare. Salad was a side note with good bleu cheese dressing. Sports TV for the wandering eye or weary traveller, uh me.  Changed a TV to Rousey vs. Tate replay..... Stoked!  Full bar for those looking, doesn't jive with family friendly atmosphere or food.  Opinion - more local beers on tap and ditch the liquor, evaluate business swing either with and without.Thanks Blu, Super Good!
1	First of all I will say the place itself is nice, and our server was very pleasant. That being said, nothing edible was worth the price. This place is insanely overpriced for the quality of food you get. If you want to spend the money go anywhere else but don't go here for the food.
4	Hubby and I hadn't eaten here in a few years, but felt compelled to go check it out, again.  So glad we did!  We got there at about 3ish, the lunch crowd was clearing out, so it wasn't overly crowded.  We were greeted immediately and seated.  As soon as we were seated, we ordered our drinks and went to check out the menu.  We had both decided on the "build-your-own-burger", so that's really all we looked at.  Since the last time we were here, the options have been streamlined (a nice way of saying they cut down their menu).  But, the items still looked pretty damn good.  One thing I did notice, is they used to have a whole lotta bun choices, it has been narrowed down to 2--wheat & white (3 choices if you count lettuce wrap as a bun).We made our decisions and ordered.  I got the bison on wheat with carmelized onions and chopped garlic (yum!!!), and a side of sweet potato fries.  My hubby got the salmon (which was more of a filet than a burger) on wheat with honey mustard, and also a side of sweet potato fries.  They also offer various cheeses, but neither of us wanted them.It was a bit of a wait, but we weren't in a hurry and I'd rather everything be done right, than be rushed.  And, I must say, everything was done perfectly!  My bison burger was delicious and juicy, the onions and garlic were the perfect topping.  As was my hubby's salmon, which he really enjoyed.  Our only complaint, if you want to call it that, is the bun was huge!  I mean, my burger looked tiny inside the bun, which was an illusion.  I ended up with so much leftover bun, I could've made another one.  With that being said, the bun was very soft and held the burger wonderfully...so, just make the buns a little smaller, and it would've been a 10!  The sweet potato fries were nice and well done--crispy and not greasy, with just a hint of salt.  By the way, that's just how we like them.Our only issue, and probably the main reason the rating is a 4 instead of a 5, we didn't have any silverware or napkins.  Not that we needed silverware, which we didn't.  But, if you're serving us juicy burgers and fries, which will be eaten with our hands, please make sure there are napkins on the table.  We actually had to flag someone down to get them.  I'm looking forward to coming back here again, and hopefully, the tables will be properly dressed and the buns will be a tad bit smaller.
2	Maybe they make great burgers but we can't recommend it for drinks and munchies. The atmosphere combines the sterility of a Formica covered Greek diner with the snootiness of haute cuisine. Our waitress seemed put out by our presence when we stopped in for drinks on a Saturday night. Didn't care for the buffalo chips. Onion rings were fine.
2	Good service but disappointing food. Our California burger was dry... Which is hard to do given then mushrooms on top. The buns were stale. My pear salad was full of flavors that just don't go together. We usually don't eat at places unless they are 4 stars. We made an exception on this one and we are bummed we did.
5	Delicious and fresh, build your own hamburger and fast customer service . Definitely new favorite place
5	The food is excellent. The service is superb. They allow doggies within the patio and will provide ice water for your furry friends. I stop by after my morning hikes w/my doggie and have a burger and some type of signature drink they make with Crispin, stout (I think) and ice.  It's such a refreshing drink! I once ordered the salsa and was skeptical.  I thought it wouldn't be good since it's a burger place, not a Mexican restaurant, it was fresh, spicy and delicious!! I absolutely recommend this place.
4	We stopped by there in our way back from Las Vegas and the food was really good. I was kind of scared to try it cause ive never heard if the place but very glad I did. Burgers are huge and definately enough to share. Sweet potate fries were good butnot anything special. I would definately go again!
3	In the Phoenix market there is stiff competition. Trendy burger joints are popular. Blu Burger, while not bad, is no competition.Let's start with "American Kobe" as their 2nd meat option for a B.Y.O.B. There is NO such thing. There are people that will argue against me, but those people fall into 2 categories, those selling, and those that have been suckered into buying.The fries and onion rings came out of a bag. At this price point I expect fresh.The bacon on our burgers was great. The wings were pretty good.Overall, the food is good. There are just too many places that deliver better quality at this price for me to be impressed.
4	I really have no complaints about this place other than the time it took for our food to come out, was longer than the people next to us that sat down after we ordered. Anyways, the burgers were amazing. I got the BBQ burger with sweet potato fries and my boyfriend got the habanero burger. I tried some of his burger and I will definitely be getting that burger the next time we go. If you love spicy food, the habanero is where its at. We also started with some zucchini fries before our meal and they were delicious!
4	Ordered a Bison Burger with Zucchini Fries and Turkey Burger with Herb Mayo and reg Fries.  Also had Buffalo Chips.  The burgers were EXCELLENT!!! The Buffalo chips were MEH!  We will definitely be back.  Great burgers, great service, great time!
5	There are SO many reasons to love this place, which is why I keep going back for more! If I'm having a bad week, it's amazing how "Let's go to Blu Burger" can turn everything around. (Pathetic? A little.  But this place is truly that magical.)Reasons to love Blu Burger:1) It's family-owned.  Rather than supporting a big corporation, you're giving your business to the little guy.2) Great customer service. 3)Affordable. A burger-with-a-side is around the $10 range.  They also run a happy hour special - I believe Mon-Thursday till 6 - featuring some deep-fried appetizers and cheap drinks.4) The location.  This is a great dinner-and-a-movie place, since it is right next to Harkins.5) The food is SO GOOD.  I would like to personally recommend the buffalo chips, which are these homemade potato chips drizzled with blue cheese and buffalo sauce.  Dip them in the ranch and you will be in a food coma in no time.  The onion rings at this place are of the fat, beer-battered variety, also complimented nicely by the ranch. The sweet potato fries are delicious as well; I recommend those with chipotle mayonnaise dipping sauce. On a recent trip, I ventured outside my box and tried the wings.  Surprise! They are spectacular as well.As for the main course, you will fall in LOVE with the burgers here.  I love the bison burger with all the trimmings, but the Kobe is great as well.  If you aren't in a burger mood, the "blu chicken" sandwich is a great choice (with ranch on the side for dipping).  I love how the side salads are of the leafy green variety, as opposed to the dry iceberg lettuce ones that are so common. I was never a burger person before, but this place has turned me into a snob.  It's hard to go back to white-bread, greasy burgers after having the quality this place delivers.  Worth every penny!!
5	Very high quality food at a reasonable price ... bison and kobe beef burgers with ypur own personal picks, who could ask for more
4	Good burger Bleu burger is good.Sweet potato fries are okay I prefer my fries hot not warm. Had a glass of water and added doterra peppermint drops and then saw that my glass had lip stains on it. That sucked. Overall service was ok. But not great just okay. Overall experience 6/10
3	I had their "Kobe" burger with bacon, blue cheese and A1 sauce. It was a really big burger! Everything seemed to be fresh and of good quality. But I found the meat to be kind of tasteless. It was good enough though. I'd eat there again given the opportunity. The fries were really good and so was the service.
4	I got the BLT and it was good. Greasy and when you took a bite all the bacon came out. Just to break it up and reassemble it. Good though. Had a bite of my gf's burger. SO good! The meat had a great flavor to it and the green chilli was on point! We will def be back for more. Staff was awesome.
2	Went in for lunch and was unusually slow for the location. Saw a dead cockroach in the bathroom and figured out why. Can't determine where the fowl smell is coming from but the aroma of the burger overpowered my urge to vomit in my lipstick stained glass. If that coffee was Seattle's Best I'd hate to taste their worst...wanted to sit outside but between the heat and the oxidizing white chairs, I sat inside at a booth I could watch TV In. Lots of high quality TV's but they need to get the sports package...
3	Going to update my review after actually trying this place, owner was nice enough to contact me after my first review =] ......Was going to try this place for the first time but apparently they close early if there not busy yelp says their open till 9 got here at 8:15 and it's closed with only one group inside =/
4	Love this place.  Love being able to burgers in a healthy way.  Cole slaw best I've had!
5	These are some of the best hamburgers I've ever eaten. It has a nice atmosphere located in a nice area
4	I love the small, friendly atmosphere.  Amber was great from the start and made the experience the best!  We will be back as often as we can.  The Bison burger is fabulous and worth every bite of it.  So sorry we didnt walk in after a movie before now.
5	Great food everytime. The ingredients are fresh and every wait person is super friendly and helpful. Amber is great!
5	Stopped in for a burger on an impulse and got the BBQ burger. It was absolutely amazing. I haven't been impressed with a meal in a long time. It also helped having such friendly service from my server Brandi. I will return many times.
1	The Blu Burger Survey on yellow sheet paper - I have been coming to Blu Burger for many years - I miss the Freshness it use to be - Fresh Bread - Fresh Garlic Rolls with Fresh Moist Salmon & the Fresh Green Salad. The Salmon use to cover the whole roll now its really thin & dried out & does not cover the whole roll. RIPP OFF.I was there on 08/28/2014 and as the last time my Salmon was DRIED out & the Greens were Wilty  The Bread was way to done to & it was COLD when it was served to me. The bathroom did not smell this time around.I brought my friend over here for her birthday lunch she had the Cobb Salad & she enjoy it. My meal was awful. Just saying. The owner came over to say hi & he has talked to me one other time & I shared to him what I thought.Of course he did not like constructive criticism. There was this nagging dirty fly flying around our food and as I was paying for our meal the fly fell on my receipt in the black waitress book & I told the waitress by the way the fly that has been dreadfully flying around our table dropped dead in your black book. She looked in her book & walked away - she did not say a word. I will never bring anymore friends over this way. I use t o come in with my seniors & husband for we use to take them to the movies or I go to Victoria Secret. Quality is really BAD - Prices are UP & no more Greatness or Freshness in  this place. They did managed to get all new bathroom put in - it use to be when you walk in the bathroom the drain on the floor always had water around it & it really stunk in there. I had to ask for Refills for our Water to - the waitress never came over after she served our food & ask how everything was. She came by like 20 minutes later & we had  NO Water. Bahh.... I have been coming here since 2010. My husband & I came in here all the time & it use to be FRESH & GREAT. 4 years later really went down hill usually bad Quality Food. I asked how fresh the Salmon was (always do) The owner said he orders his Salmon every 2 days. I think for this price it should be brought in daily for it's Poultry - Poultry should not be sitting around. I teach the obesity on how to eat & read ingredients & Blu Burger use to be very selective on their Quality of Food Choice. Not No more.Janine Evans
5	Love the good. The build your own options are amazing!! And the server Amber was fantastic. I will definitely be coming back. I am a burger junkie and this place is the best.
5	Amber made the visit fantastic. The portions were generous and her recommendation for the green bean fries was spot on.  We also got the Buffalo chips which were delicious. I made my own burger and it was delicious and cooked just right.
4	Food is always spot on, haven't had one bad plate yet. Club house sandwich was delicious side of sweet potatoe fries, wife had the Blu Chicken, shared each others halves. Service was good talking care of things and a water dish for the pups. Get here early as they do have early hours during the week.
5	This was an amazing meal! We started out with the green bean fries and wasabe sauce, then we both did the build your own burger. The veggie burger is the best I've ever had.  He had the Kobe beef and he loved it.
1	There are bugs in the restaurant.. Windows are disgusting! Floor looks like it is falling apart. Employees gossip about other employees in front of customers! Burgers are never cooked how they are ordered! Horrible restaurant!!!! Also just received a B rating from health department.Owner Wael, comments on every bad review saying that it is a fake review! Yes I was employed with him, I QUIT, he refuses to pay me for time worked and is now blackmailing me by saying he will release my personal information. But everything in my review is 100% true! And all of his other bad reviews were posted by others, not myself.
1	My food was "ok" too much bun for the burger and pretty greasy. The server was very friendly and attentive and so was the bus boy. I was very offended by the owner yelling at our server, who was doing a great job,  for being "too attentive"  we are regulars at other restaurants typically because we enjoy the atmosphere which the server usually has a lot to do with.  He was rude and harsh! Then came back and "acted" very nice to us after we just witnessed the way he treated her.He should have paid more attention to the 2 servers gossiping about him at the front door. (We were seated at the 1st table and could hear their very inappropriate conversation)  We will not return and will not recommend!
5	The best burger place on the west side.  Food is awesome, tried the angus burger, french fries, zucchini fries (they are the best I've had in Az), onion rings, and Friday fish special, it was all bomb!  Service was great, our waitress  Bree was great and even the busser and other waitresses brought stuff out.  TV'S are spread out all over.  Great atmosphere, can't wait to go back!
5	Great burgers. I had green chili and hubbies had Calif burgers. Both cooked to our order, medium, which was juicy good. The buns are wonderful and fresh.  The calif had fresh greens.  The zucchini fries and onion rings were also very good.  The wait staff was very responsive and friendly.  We sat on the patio and it was beautiful outside. Nothing I could complain about.  Read some of the poor reviews, and disregarded.  I heard good things from others who had been here. Glad I checked them out.  We will be back!
4	Service was great, fast and helpful. I ordered a basic cheeseburger with seasoned  fries. The burger wss thick, juicy and cooked to a perfect medium rare. Very tasty and worth the price. I will be back to try more options.
5	Awesome place! Amber was amazing! Gave suggestions very personable. Can't wait to come back. Bison burger was very good.
4	The fish and chips is the best I have ever had!!! Only 4 stars cuz service was not great.
5	Amber our server was great! Our first time here so she gave us a run down of how the place worked along with some excellent suggestions. Killer happy hour. Big portions for happy hour apps starting at $3 and $2 beers.  You can't go wrong. Great burgers too.
3	The food was delicious. I had the blu burger which had grilled onions and blue cheese on a roll and it was fantastic. My husband had the American burger with sweet potato fries. His fries and burger were also very good. The onion rings that I paid $1 extra to have were just ok. I'm just not a big fan of that style of batter, but that's a matter of opinion. So a $12 burger +$1 more for onion rings seems a little pricey to me. It seemed like we came in just as the breakfast rush was winding down so it took a long time to get our food, and also a long time to get the check. I don't think I'd go out of my way to stop at this place due to the cost and service, but not at all due to quality of the food.
1	Okay 1st time for everything, we weren't impressed. Burger and philly cheese steak were displayed nicely yet had 0 flavor, teriyaki wing appetizer were over flavored and brought out with burgers. Ordered a drink lemon drop shot the girl looked in the book & still brought out some sloppy mess. Couldn't stomach the vodka straight up w/ slimy side of lemon left it still paid for it though. Oh one table sat in the middle of the dining room un-bussed the entire 45 minutes we were there. Oh well off our list
5	I'm not usually one to write a review, but I have been to Blu Burger about 6 times and I am continuously impressed with not only the food, but the amazingly consistent and outstanding service! I love their beer selection, burgers and happy hour menu! I usually go there with my 3 kids and as a server myself, I sometimes cringe when I see a bunch of kids come in, but the staff at Blu is always friendly and extra attentive! This is by far my favorite place to take the family or grab a beer with my friends! Well done Blu Burger.... keep up the great work!
5	The menu offers chili nachos,  but I asked if they would make me some chili fries. They were so nice & accommodated my request. The best chili fries I've had! Then I ordered the California burger which was absolutely delicious.  I highly recommend it. The $1 extra charge for the zucchini fries was a steal. Blu Burger is my new goto when I'm craving a juicy,  yummy burger!
3	I usually bet burgers plain to start.   It has to stand alone first.  I got the Bison Burger, $15.00.  It was dry, I expected a dryer burger because the lack of fat in Bison.  Asked for Medium Rare, got Medium-Medium well.   I took a picture then enhanced it, to deepen the color.  I suggest you use the burger as a delivery system for toppings.  Put 3 of the strongest toppings, maximum sauces to give it flavor.   I would happily pay $5.00 or $6.00 for this burger.  I have had bison fir years, most of the time it has flavor, sometimes it tastes of feed lot....  No taste at all.    In fact I suggest you bring your own cheese, a Limburger, Maytag, or one of the strongest cheeses to give it something!   About a table spoon of Tobacco Sauce or  Dragons tongue pepper would help as well.   The burger was from frozen bison and had to have been pressed, and turned serval times to get it that dry.  For $15.00 I expect fresh not frozen meat!   The wait staff was very good.  I will not penalize the waitress to inferior food....  Or fast food quality burger.
4	We go to Blu Burger because it is close to us and close to my daughters house. Nice place to meet, talk and have a nice meal. There is out sitting that is dog friendly and my daughter and son will occasionally bring their pets. Their food is good but what I like is you can get your burger the way you want it. I know you can other places but here that is their specialty. Burgers made to order. They can get crowded at times but most times the wait is not long. One drawback is parking. Parking is never hard to find but most times it will involve a walk.
5	Went to Blu Burger on a recommendation  from a family member.  We are visiting and don't know the area enough to know where to eat.  It was a casual environment with friendly staff.  Food was delicious.   Made my own burger and everything tasted fresh.  My zucchini fries were cooked perfectly.  The burger itself was tasty and cooked exactly as ordered.  Even the kiddos meals were tasty as I sampled a couple of their regular french fries cooked crispy but not overdone.  My husband enjoyed the southwest burger as well.  Will definitely be coming again.
2	Cool atmosphere but food is terrible . Frozen burgers super over cooked and bland fries. I would stop in for a drink but not worth what they charge for burgers
