4	Pleasant little restaurant serving Italian and Turkish cuisine. The lentil soup is amazing, and the chicken shish kebab is flavorful and grilled to perfection. My dining companion raved about her baked eggplant dish, "The Imam Fainted". I'd skip dessert, though--the baklava was mushy, and better baklava can be had at other places in town.
3	Not exactly what I expected- small dining room, very un-pretentious, odd mix of turkish and italian. Somehow it works though. I had to stop myself from licking the plate my baked eggplant came on, and I swear my husband finished his whole plate of baked ziti in under 5 minutes. The service was quick and friendly. I'd come back here but probably more for a week night I don't want to cook and not for a special night out.
4	When you're in the need for cheesy comfort food, you can't beat the pasta dishes here. Unpretentious and quality food. Just like what your family would make.
4	Tucked away in a smallish strip mall next door to a Peruvian restaurant (the picture of the restaurant here is actually its former location, where the Peruvian place now is), Oliva's mix of Italian and Turkish cuisine is somewhat unexpected, but it's a good place for groups because almost everyone can find something.When you sit down, you get a small basket of Turkish bread, which isn't like pita bread but more like squares of puffy, light foccaccia. We ordered the appetizer combo ($14), which included hummus, olive tapenade, Carrot Delight, and a slightly spicy red pepper dip. For entrees, our group was evenly split between Turkish and Mediterranean. I loved my beef shish kebab, especially the flavorful rice, which sort of reminded me of dim sum sticky rice. The yogurt sauce was envied by my calzone-ordering tablemates, although they were very happy with their giant calzones. The house salad comes with a tangy lemony vinaigrette that's really good and worth trying.We came in fairly late, an hour before closing, when there was only one other table. Soon we were the only table, and from then on we were kind of obsessively stalked by our server, who was popping in every two minutes to refill the bread, ask if we needed anything else at all, and generally hurry us out the door. I didn't care for that part so much - if you're open till 9, you're open till 9. Quit bugging us about the damn bread.In addition to the shish kebab and some veggie Turkish dishes, there's also a sprinkling of traditional pasta dishes, a few salads, and individual pizzas. Prices ranged from $12-16 for dinner entrees, and it looked like they also did some pizza delivery or takeout at the counter. The vibe is casual and friendly and overall I enjoyed it... that server just needs to chill out a little.
5	Great lentil soup
5	First of all, throw away your preconceived ideas of what eggplant is like. Then go to Oliva and order "The Imam Fainted", their baked eggplant dish. They must bake the slices of eggplant for hours ahead of time, until it becomes a nutty, buttery substance that melts in your mouth. They then finish it in the oven with onions, peppers, and pine nuts, and what seems like a coulis of sun-dried tomatoes with it. The final glorious touch is the rice pilaf, which contains the most buttery perfect rice I have eaten in years. My guy had the beef kebabs, which were marinated in a complex but subtle blend of spices then perfectly grilled, and accompanied by the great rice pilaf. Although he is a committed meat eater, he loved my eggplant enough that I think he'll order it next time. Along with the meal they serve a soft, toasted turkish bread that is nothing like a pita. We got some humus to have with it and it was excellent, with something else I couldn't identify in addition to the chick peas, tahini, garlic, and lemon juice. For dessert I tried the baklava, which sadly was a little on the gooey side - the crispiness possible from the phyllo was probably lost over a few days of sitting. But aside from the baklava, this meal was superb. The waitress was genuinely interested in our opinion of the meal and was very attentive. It's a large space but had some divisions so it still feels comfortable, not cavernous.We have been back numerous times, and have always been pleased. The gyro meat is great, and my kids really like the pizzas. In fact, my son orders pizza with gyro meat on it (off menu), which he sees as the perfect meal. The service has always been great, and one of our favorite servers in town works here. She is always friendly, attentive, and makes us feel at home.
2	I've been intending to go here since it first opened (since it's been called the west side Bunky's, which is a fav of mine), but didn't get a chance until just last week. We had the olive tapenade with bread as an appetizer, which I really liked (although my dining companion was unimpressed - "it's just olives").  The bread was okay, but cold and a little hard.  I had a $2 soda (really, $2 for a glass of soda and I don't even get offered a refill?) and my date chose from the sparse beer selection. My soup came quickly, but was lukewarm.  I was expecting greatness, but it was mediocre.  I much prefer Bunky's lentil soup. I had the chicken kebab and my date had the BBQ chicken calzone.  Both were a disappointment.  Maybe because I was comparing it to Bunky's chicken shawarma, which is perfect - thinly sliced, nicely seasoned, plenty of charred vegetables, yummy rice, fabulous hummus, and great yogurt sauce.  Oliva's chicken was huge chunks, poorly seasoned, maybe 4 small pieces of onion and 1 of pepper, bland rice, no hummus, and way-too-dilly yogurt sauce.   I tried the calzone, which was okay, but we both agreed the calzones at Benvenuto's are better (and bigger) even though they aren't the greatest either. I was ready for this to be my new "go-to" place on the west side.  Guess not.
4	Been meaning to go here for ages and finally remembered it while trying to decide where to eat. last night  We wanted to go someplace on the west side, so I suggested this to my husband.The interior of the restaurant is understated.  Service was prompt and friendly.  There were a lot of options on the menu, and I had a hard time deciding what to order.  Since it was just the two of us, we decided to forgo any appetizers.  I definitely want to go back with more people and order the appetizer variety plate.  I finally settled on the falafel.  My husband got the shrimp mediterranean.We were both very pleased with our dinners and easily cleaned the plates.  I'm fairly certain it was the best falafel I have ever had, and I have tried falafel many, many places.  It was not at all dry, but super moist and perfectly flavored.  Highly recommend.  I had a bite of the shrimp dish and it was also really tasty.  Lots of vegetables and the shrimp were decently sized.I plan on returning, and I would recommend to others.
5	I love this place because I like hummus and Mediterranean food. I went here once for a birthday party. We had a good time. The complaints were: Food took too long (they were busy and had just opened), very cold draft blowing in from the front door (wear knee socks!), lighting too bright and they need to use glasses instead of plastic cups. I'm not too wild about the kind of bread they serve as an appetizer, but my date loved it. Olive oil for dipping is plentiful and good quality. The little dinner salad was a bit skimpy. Overall the food is fresh and well presented. When they are busy the restaurant has a warm atmosphere with help from the fireplace and the buzz of the patrons. The wine is good and reasonably priced as is the menu. The tiramisu is fabulous! They are locally owned and operated, the wait staff is very nice and attentive. Located off Old Sauk, next to the Alicia Ashman library across from Dean Care in the old Atlanta Bread Co. location. They outgrew the Grape & Co. location next door. 5 stars as there are not a whole lot of restaurants to choose from on the west side. If they could just tone down that lighting a few notches...
2	The lentil soup was good, although lentil soup in general is hard to mess up. I want to be very clear about the falafel, however. It was flat out awful. Didn't try the hummus. The bread was okay. The baklava was unfortunately very soggy, not very good at all. On th bright side, they let us stay til 11pm and we weren't the only ones there, the place has a good atmosphere and nice, attentive waitstaff. I wouldn't come here again for mediterranean food. Lastly, my gf had the stuffed eggplant and she said it was ok--the rice pilaf was cooked well but needed more almonds. The eggplant was nothing special.
3	We ate there for the first time last weekend, the hubs ordered the lasagna and I had the stuffed eggplant.  We also shared an appetizer sampler- the oliva tapenade was wonderful, the Turkish bread is delish- warm and fresh. The stuffed eggplant was good, as was the lasagna; however, the lasagna was steaming, so it may have been microwaved.  Not that it's a felony to do so, but it was not expected. We shared baklava for dessert- unlike a previous reviewer's experience, ours was flaky and yummy. Beer and wine only, so know before you go.
4	Dude. Oliva's is good. I really love their red lentil soup. I've had the chicken and lamb shish kebab and both are delicious - well seasoned and cooked perfectly - not dry at all. Loving eggplant, I'm really tempted to try the Imam fainted, but i enjoy so much the kebabs, i have yet to do it.  It is nice that Oliva's offers a little for everyone. The service has always been good, too.
1	This restaurant microwaves all the dishes in plastic wrap which has been known to cause cancer.I would stay away.The owners also do not like Americans, just Turkish people.
5	After a series of disappointments at restaurants stretching from here to Montana I am happy to say we finally scored some very good food at Oliva!   Not only was the food good but the atmosphere was very nice,  the settings were elegant and clean and the service was very good.We began with a serving of four slices of delicious bread that I thought he said it was pita bread.  It was light and flavorful.   We ordered two more later in the meal all complements of the house.I had an eggplant dish with pine nuts called The Imam Fainted.  It was served hot with rice and of ample proportion and full of flavor.  My companion ordered the Vegetable Stew which was equally delicious.   For desert we had the Tiramisu which was well made and very good but didn't wow me.The view outside isn't anything that spectacular.  But inside the decorations are fitting with a Mediterranean restaurant and the music was also fitting and at a perfect volume.  This is certainly a restaurant we will be back to soon.
4	I had the Imam Fainted entree for dinner.  That and the lentil soup were very tasty.
2	We went here the other day to try some place new, after looking on yelp app I saw Oliva it had good reviews, and said it was good for kids, so we went. It was not good, I expected better food for the price, it really was not a place for kids at all! The food was so bland I had the Mediterranean shrimp, it was not what i thought it'd be I could have made this 10x better at home for pennies on the dollar ($13.99), it was some rubbery shrimp sauteed onions, peppers, and tomatoes in some tomato juice, with a little garlic powder. The rice that came with it was dry and pretty tasteless they said it was seasoned with jasmine but I couldn't taste it! We had brought our kids (2 & 3) because the reviews said good for kids, they seemed very annoyed that they were there but they where accommodating. Other patrons seem upset we were there with kids also. (the kids were being well behaved occasionally knocking a fork on the table or getting a little loud giggling but that was it no screaming or crying)*All in all , I won't be back!
3	Great ethnic appetizers on this menu.  For a place that is Mediterranean and Italian, I would consider this place just your average Italian restaurant judging the entrees.  One page of the menu is dedicated to Pizza and another to Calzones.  If you are looking for someplace with a variety of ethnic choices, I would not recommend this place.Atmosphere and service excellent.
4	Being in a strip mall, it's not a place that many people consider, but it has very good food at a very reasonable price. I recommend the Gyro Doner or the Eggplant Parm, both are excellent. They have good pizza as well, which is very popular with our 5 year old.My only complaint is that they don't have a full bar, just wine and beer, and their selection is pretty limited. But again, very good food at a reasonable price.
5	The place my wife and I go most often for our date nights and we haven't been disappointed yet. We've taken friends and family there and they've all loved it. All the food we've had is really well prepared and tastes great and we end up full, many times walking out with doggy bags. Highly recommend the grape leaf wrapped salmon they regularly have as a special. Only disappointment was going on Valentine's Day without a reservation and being turned away. Also can expect to need a reservation on Friday evenings.
4	Offers Italian and Turkish cuisine, hard to go wrong when this place is just down the road. Their bread doesn't look like anything special but is excellent -- light, crisp edges, pillowy soft inside. Both loaves we received were freshly baked and still hot from the oven. Table olive oil has a delicate, wonderful flavor. For dinner (served with soup or salad), I had the Nohutlu Ishpanak (sauteed combination of vegetables and chickpeas served with excellent rice) and my dining companion the Turkish Delight (braised lamb with vegetables over hummus), and both were quite good. Prices reasonable ($13-16), nice but still casual dining ambiance. Would definitely go again.
4	Oliva is fantastic! As soon as your order is in the server will bring a basket of fresh baked bread to the table. The bread itself is rather unique in that it is both toasty and crispy and soft and chewy at the same time. The servers will keep the baskets of bread coming until your food arrives. As far as the food goes if you like stick to your ribs home cooking and Italian/Mediterranean flavors this is the place for you. I've tried their falafel appetizer, calzone, pizza, and chicken fettuccine. I have yet to be disappointed. Also the baklava is heaven! Perfect balance of pastry, filing, and honey!
1	Has Oliva changed owners? Our experience there last night was nothing like previous times. First, they no longer start you off with flatbread; instead it's your typical Italian bread. Second, they were terribly understaffed; the host was also the waiter for half the restaurant. Third, we waited for over an hour for our meal. When our food finally arrived, the chicken was unbelievably salty. Very disappointing -- I don't think we'll be going back again.
4	This place is quite a find.  A very eclectic memo and fine service.  I enjoyed a white sauce pizza and my wife enjoyed one of the nightly specials.  Service is good!
5	This is one of the best middle eastern cuisine I've had - i like everything here - baba ganouch, kababs, gyro, hummus.... my favorite thing is their freshly baked bread that they serve with the dinner.... I loved their sangria as well..... the atmosphere is quite and cosy.... really nice place to have a peaceful dinner with friends and family.....
3	It was interesting to see both Mediterranean and Italian offerings at Oliva.I'm not sure if specializing in two ethnic foods was necessarily a good idea because both sides were just average. The deluxe pizza was good as it's hard to mess up pizza in my eyes (I'm a pizza lover). The gyro platter was okay, but I've definitely had better and definitely for cheaper as well. I probably liked the stuffed eggplant the most. As for dessert, the baklava wasn't bad.I've only been here once because like I mentioned, you can get both better Mediterranean and better Italian food elsewhere. Nonetheless, if you and a friend want to get dinner together and can't decide on one or the other, then that would be a call for Oliva.
5	The red lentil soup, shrimp artichoke and imam fainted were out of the world. The service was fantastic as well
4	Hands down the best calzone I've had in the Madison area. It was a nice atmosphere and there vice was great. My wife had the gyro platter which was also delicious.If you're in the mood for some good food from the Mediterranean area, this is a great place.
4	Came here on a Friday night for dinner! Arrived here with a party of 3 and wait wasn't too bad, perhaps 30 minutes. There was a great couch and fireplace to sit and wait!The lambrosa wine from Italy is nice and bubbly! Very fruity like a fruit juice! Bread was amazing! Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside! Olive oil was great!Fried calamari was alright.Chicken kebab was great! Grilled to awesome flavor but was a little dry for my taste.Imam Fainted. eggplant with pine nuts! The sauce was basically tomato, but if you're a vegetarian fan, this is great!Lasagna was great! Light and cheesy.Side note: the waiter misunderstood our order and kindly offered to replace our dish. When we refused as there would be another 15 minutes wait, he was so thoughtful and sent us a chocolate hazelnut cake!I'm not sure if I would be back although the food was great. But there are other places in town for more authentic mediterranean (greek) and italian food.
4	If you're in the mood for gyros but looking for something a little more upscale than a trip to Parthenon, this is your place to go.  The gyro plate is served with rice and a small salad.  The red lentil soup and fresh bread is delicious.  They also serve the best calzone I have found in Madison.  Atmosphere is cozy, and service has been decent on every visit.
3	Oliva's makes a nice first impression with it's interior design. The earthy reds and greens look great with the dark hardwood floors and stone fireplace. It made me feel as if I was dining at home with close friends and family.As far as the food, I think it can be a hit or miss. We started our meal with warm, fresh Turkish bread that I dipped in olive oil. That was followed by a romaine salad that was pretty small with a bland dressing. I tried the chicken parm ($13), which was soggy and lacking in flavor. My friend had the Mediterranean shrimp ($15) and she said it was awesome. The side of rice absorbed the sauce that was packed with flavor, and she was ready to go back the next day.  The friendly service, reasonable prices, and relaxing atmosphere are enough to make me want to go back. I picked a more traditional Italian entree, but would love to try their falafel!
5	Great restaurant. Food is fresh and service is excellent. Their strengths are the mediterranean dishes. Kebabs, eggplant dishes, all good.  Their salmon weekend special is pretty wonderful too. Never been disappointed with a meal here, go try it!
4	I placed an order for pickup at this restaurant and I had to write a review about what I just ate. I asked for a chicken Kebob with a house salad ( which was on the plate instead of on the side) and white rice and everything was delicious!! The chicken was tender and it had a great grilled flavor, the salad had a wonderful house vinaigrette with some pickled onions with lime juice and basil and even the plain white rice tasted awesome! I also got some kind of ciabatta bread which I ate it with some olive oil and parmesan, I enjoyed every bite of this dish, it was exactly what I was craving for and more, I would definitely order again from this restaurant. The only reason I gave them 4 stars was the service I received, a big, bald man came to meet me at front and he was kind of rude to me.
2	Nope. Not liking this place. I've gone there 3 times just to make sure. Mostly bc we live around the corner and also bc we thought it just might have been the dishes i ordered, or the day of the week...blah, blah, blah. Nope, it really is just that the food isn't really that good or tasty.On the Italian side of the menu, the food was bland. No real depth of flavor. On the mediterian side,The falafel was mushy and tasteless. Not a typical falafel -which I don't mind creativity in presentation, but it has to taste good. Event kids didn't like their kids selection. 3 times a charm for me.
5	I went to Oliva's for my birthday lunch  I had never been there before but had passed by it often and decided I wanted to try it.I was warmly greeted and was offered a beverage while I waited for the rest of my party.  The waiting area in front of the fireplace was very nice for this cold and damp day.  The food was very good and it was difficult to make a decision.  Oliva is a mediterranean italian restaurant.  I had the gyro entree and it was delicious and the bakala was excellent.  I highly recommend it and plan to return.Also, the atmosphere is very nice.
3	UPDATE: I still love the food from this restaurant, i have to say they are pretty consistent in their food, however, they really need to work on their customer service, I have been there twice and I had placed a few orders over the phone and all the servers are rude, they make you feel you are bothering them all the time, I dont know if the owner is aware of this or not but seriously, I cannot believe how servers can treat customers bad; I dont go or call to this restaurant more often ONLY because of the rude attitude of the people who work there.
4	I had the calzone, it was a fantastic because the crust was not thick and it was crunchy- so it gave a beautiful tasty to the vegetable filling. I had one with spinach, artichoke, mushroom, and tomatoes.  The side sauce was fabulous, and I was able to get more - I'm love sauce with my calzone.  The server was fantastic and informed me that all vegetables are as fresh as can be and it tasted it as such.
4	This place rates high on atmosphere - clean, warm, with elegance and color.  Our server was efficient and not very friendly.  The free bread is incredible - soft with a hard crust and great for dipping or spreading tapenade.  I ordered the falafel, which had an unusual consistency (pasty instead of gritty) and had a good flavor.  The sides were delicious.  I would like to try the italian menu next time.  My friend and I attended on a Tuesday evening and many people were coming in as the night went on.  Must be a popular place.
4	A group of friends and I visited Oliva last friday. We ordered a few appetizers. I think Baba Ganoush, Kalamari and Charman. Kalamari was a little bland but the other two were great and very flavorful. I ordered the Beef Kebab and we shared a chocolate cheesecake, both of these dishes were delicious. We had a great time, our waitstaff was gracious and attentive. Will definitely be back!
5	This place serves and eats like a much more expensive restaurant; I stopped by here with a coworker for lunch and was thoroughly impressed. The in-house bread we were started with was fresh, steaming with warmth, and just a delight with the olive oil and grated parmesan provided. I had the Turkish coffee as well, which was excellent. Great body, strong flavor, yet not overly muddy or gritty like I have had in the past. The special today was the veggie stew, which was phenomenal. The cauliflower, carrots, potatoes and celery were saturated with flavor, and were very tender but not mushy; perfect. The chickpeas added a hummus vibe to the dish as well. The whole deal was joined with rice presented in a dome shape, a nice touch. All in all a beautiful and tasty dish. Our server Nick was very informed about the menu items, and able to use very colorful descriptors about any items we asked about. I could almost taste the flavors he was describing. Quite impressive and refreshing, much nicer than being told "it's good," as I'm used to. All this for just over $10? Wow, I am sold. I will most certainly return.
4	The Home made bread was really good with the olive oil they provided. I had the special food which the waiter recommended us. It was a grilled salmon in the green leaf and had a green sauce on the top. It's served with mediteranian style cooked rice. The flavor of all three together was just perfect.  Chef knew how to cook salmon very well.  Another dish I tried was a chicken kebab. The taste was really good as well.  However, the food portion  was a bit  small when u compared with the price. Maybe it compensates with the welcome bread they serve.
5	Just a quick review of their pizzas. We often order an extra large veggie pizza with pepperoni added. They are consistently outstanding, the crust is light and flaky (really one of the best I have had), and they are generous with the ingredients which are always very fresh. It is a great pizza that actually seems pretty healthy when we don't feel like cooking.
