5	Make the trek north as far as Scottsdale Rd. goes and reward your senses at el Pedregal.  The topography around here may make you feel like you're on Mars, and the compound that houses restaurants, shops, and a stage is reminiscent of Morocco.  It's definitely upscale and frequented by snowbirds in the winter, but it's still delightfully romantic and a must-see for all native Phoenicians.
4	Fashioned after an Old Morocco marketplace (as Josh D. eloquently noted), the unique eatery at el Pedregal Festival Marketplace is worth the drive to far-north Scottsdale. The exhibition kitchen features organic and naturally grown ingredients and is known for its seafood and regional specialties. The service is efficient without being overbearing. El Pedregal is definitely not for the budget-minded and can be crowded, but it makes an ideal location for a special-occasion dinner or romantic get-away.  Set amongst an eclectic combination of boutiques, restaurants, galleries and the Heard Museum North, a trip to el Pedregal is an ideal day trip to eat, shop, and take in the natural beauty of the Sonoran desert.
4	I give El Pedregal credit for working so hard to give North Scottsdale residents things to do close to home. With Cave Creek down the road, Pedregal cannot be forgotten as a location with places to eat, shop and activities. Pedregal is home to great restaurants like the Spotted Donkey and frozen treats like Haagen Daz. Boutiques line the perimeter and a nice courtyard and amphitheater full the interior. When the weather is nice, Pedregal hosts a variety of evening events such as live music, jazz, and even small taste events. It's a great location to spend a nice day and relax with some good dining and shopping. The shopping is definitely for a niche audience but regardless, it's always fun to browse! So, if you find yourself way up north and you're looking for something to do, stop by Pedregal because chances are, something's going on there!
3	I stayed at the Boulders Resort for 4 days, and I enjoyed escaping to the El Pedregal for a few meals.  It was an added benefit because we were able to charge it to our room.  There where a handful of stores, most of the store fronts where empty.   This could have been because of the off season, not quite sure but it wasn't a whole lot of shopping to be done at El Pedregal.We stopped in a quaint, and dainty store that had hats from long ago when ladies used to dress and go to church and wouldn't dare be seen without a hat as well as some one of a kind pieces.  She had a great jewelry stand shaped as a high heel shoe that could hold rings.  She also had some great shoes with simi-reasonable prices.  My companion and I both remarked that we could just google the retailer/designer for the shoes and jewelry box and get them for signficantly cheaper.  I googled later that evening and her items were only priced 25% more than amazon.com without factoring in shipping, so she really did have nice prices.There was a holiday store selling everything Christmas, and a salon complete with a mini boutique.  We left on Sunday morning, and they were setting up for the evening of jazz.  I would have definitely loved to stay because several people recommended it to us.I enjoyed the design and the architecture, and we took several nice pictures of the grounds for our scrapbooks :)
4	Very nice place.  all be it small,  still a nice place for an afternoon
4	Easton  ashe  playing today, it's amazing outside today.  You need to find your spot and try the wines.   We spent time at the Spotted Donkey and enjoyed a few cold beverages and yummy food.   El Pedregal is really trying to get traffic thru the plaza by bring great entertainment each and every Sunday in the Spring and Fall.    The crowds are pleasant and always a nice breeze thru the plaza to enjoy the concert.    I recommend trying a few events and visiting the merchants in the plaza.
2	El Pedegral at The Boulders has promise, unfortunately when the recession hit several years ago the complex was impacted pretty hard.  Many of the shops and galleries closed or went bankrupt.  Stefan Mann thank goodness has been able to survive.  They have a great assortment of mens and woman's leather goods and the sales staff are very very accommodating.The mineral and fossil gallery is worth checking out as well. They have some unique gift items and a nice assortment of jewelry.A new western store has opened within the last month which I hope succeeds.  It looks to be a promising business so,far.There a couple of small woman's boutiques and the golden door home has a small store with some nice items in it.Ben and Jerry's sadly were unable to stay on and had to close.  I always looked forward to some Ben and Jerry's ice cream.There are a couple of restaurants worth checking out.  I hope that the Waldorf Astoria Resort is successful in getting some more businesses to come in.  Right now its a bit of a ghost town.
