1	TERRIBLE SERVICE! Don't ever get a windshield replacement from this place, it was an absolute nightmare. After dealing with this company for 3 weeks about my windshield, due to doing a horrible job the first 2 times, I had returned to the car wash hoping my issue would finally be resolved. I show up and wait for the owner Jeff to arrive so I can point out all the black tar marks on the inside of my car from sloppy installs. After showing him about 5 black marks in my vehicle he instantly starts cursing at me, f this f that, what are you even going to school for? I've never ever dealt with such rude customer service especially from the OWNER of the company. Completely degrading me and ruining my day. After pulling away from the Beverly Hills Hand Car Wash in disappointment, I accelerate to about 35mph and notice that my windshield isn't sealed all the way making a loud whistling sound. This was one of the main reasons I came back to get fixed. So now I need to call my insurance company AGAIN and find another company with professional service. The owner only cares about money due to the fact they told me they couldn't wash my car (after it sat in their parking lot for 4 hours) because they were just about to close. After talking with them for about 10 minutes about it they washed it, but when they were almost done washing it another customer pulled up saying he would pay an extra 20$ if they would wash it, no questions asked they pulled it in after they were closed and washed it. Jeff also complained to me saying, "You know how much money I've lost from your vehicle?" Pretty much asking like it's my fault that they did a terrible job. DON'T GO HERE!!!
1	Wow, this was my first car wash and such a bad experience. $10 for literally less than 5 minutes of work!! What a rip off.  I wanted to get rid of bird droppings on my car  but the car wash either left them as they were or they moved to another location. The men did not apply soap properly and did not dry properly. They do not wipe the water that got trapped in the doors if you choose just exterior car wash.Will never go again.
1	$40 for an exterior and interior wash, I could of done a better job myself. They were done in less than 20 minutes and when I got in my car it smelled like wet dirty towel, disgusting. There were spots all over the car that were dirty inside and outside. There is a large sticker on the window that says 10% off for ASU students, I am a ASU student and asked about the discount and the owner who was at the register told me I got a good deal and the discount only applies to the diamond package. When I asked what the diamond package was he did not explain. Bad management, awful car wash. I will never be back and I advise against getting work done here.
1	RIP OFF. SCAM. CR*P! I paid $300 for what was promised to be an absolute top to bottom detail. Here's what I got: a glorified car wash. There was still dirt in the corners, the armor-all stuff was sprayed on the instrument panel, there was debris around the edges of the side-view-mirrors, and nothing bore the evidence a genuine detail. I even told the owner how much sentimentality I had toward this car, that I was expecting it to *shine*. The jackass barely looked at me again once he got my money. DON'T BE A SUCKER. DON'T FALL FOR THE LIES. I'm kicking myself for not researching better and being more careful with the businesses with whom I entrust my money. NEVER AGAIN! I will trust no one. Learn from my experience and DO NOT GIVE THIS GUY ONE RED CENT!!!!!
4	Wow, this place has quite a few bad reviews! I've been to this location a few times and I have always been pleased with the outcome.  They provide a discount to ASU students, so that's always a plus! Also, I have a truck, but they charge me for a standard size car.  The first time I went, I was a little confused about all the packages, but the owner explained each of them to me and suggested which package was best for me based on what I told him I wanted done.  I thought this was great customer service.  My most recent visit, I purchased one of their frequent wash cards, which provides 10 washes and 2 waxes.  It is a really big savings for those who cannot stand to have a dirty car.  I have recommended this place to a couple friends, who have also had good experiences.  I'd much rather support this Mom & Pop car wash over Danny's!
3	I did not experience any of the customer service nightmares the other reviewers apparently did. I was told that I could not use my $10 off with Yelp check-in offer because the greeter had already given me a discount... which technically was true so I'll give them that one. I drive a Mini Cooper and on the rare occasions I do get the top of the line wash with the hand wax I don't think its fair that I pay full price because my car is like half the size of most other people's. ;0)They did a great job on my car so I will probably give them another try if I was in the area but overall this is not my favorite car wash since there is no real waiting area other than outside. They are right on a busy street and there is very little shade.
5	Jay is the best!  I love this place and have been coming here for years.  You don't have to worry about anything being ripped off like Danny's family. Best car wash in town!!!
1	I have been to this car wash a few times now and am extremely disappointed at how this last experience went.  I talk with the attendant for 10 minutes and finally get talked into the fancy wax job ($130). After waiting an hour n a half I decide to walk over to the car to do a little inspection before they were finished to point out the missed areas.  Unfortunate enough I find a softball sized swirl scratch etched into my paint job right on the front end giving my car a perfect nose job (hard to miss).  I call the seemed to be owner (Asian guy) over and after 30 minutes of "talking" with him I got no more than "that didnt happen here" and "we don't put scratches in. We buff scratches out".  No ownership to this incident was taken and my respect for this establishment is entirely lost. This is a clear indication of how business there is run and if you decide to take your car don't expect it them to treat with care or take any liability for their negligence. NEVER going back
1	After talking to my son Kyle, I realized that I had had the same over priced/ under serviced, take no responsibility, horrible experience here.  The owner or manager..whoever came out to speak with me was horribly rude.  He does not seem remotely interested in customer service.  I will never go back, and will make sure that I tell as many people as I can to avoid this place as well.
4	Just got the "diamond" treatment and the car was ready in just a few minutes. The staff were all cordial and car looks great. No complaints.
1	HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE service! Regret not having read yelp reviews prior to going. Car was half a** washed. When confronted about not being satisfied with the service, the owner, who by the way is rude/irate/combative, spent 10+ minutes trying to argue with me about why my car was still dirty, and that it wasn't his fault......vs trying to rectify the problem with a "re-wash" or free wash for another date. I will never recommend this place to anyone. How are they still in business? Please take a class in customer service!!!!
1	The place is a complete scam. I just moved out to the area and was looking for a good detail place. They ended up charging me $290 for a complete package. They did a good job cleaning the carpets that is about it. The wrest of the car was wiped down and with armorol that  left a sticky residue. They placed some chemical on my steering where that made the buttons peal. When I asked them about it they told me I should not have asked them to detail clean the wheel .... The outside is horrible did nothing but give it a basic car wash any self service pace could do.  Said they would buff out the scratches , did not happen
4	This is my second time here. I like the way they team up on my car if they have extra hands available and get it done fast. And they do a good job. I just got my car painted so I don't want the high pressure hoses used on it. They gladly accommodate by using the regular hose. They offered to bundle and save me money when I asked for a detail on the inside.
1	I have been coming here for over 4 years on a weekly basis. They mostly did an average job. However today I went there and left my headphones on the backseat. Even when I was getting out of the car I looked at them and thought to myself no one is going to steal them, I'm a regular. Well I was wrong. When I went to grab the headphones and hour after leaving the wash they were gone, and the wash was now closed.TLDR: Stole the headphones out of my car.
5	So far I've come here twice, and it's been great.  The service is very cordial.   I drive a hearse, which falls under the limo price, but I believe it's worth it here.  The crew had a better attention to detail that others I've been to.  I strongly recommend them.
