4	It wasn't until my recent visit to Rose's Ice Cream, that I even noticed Calli's. Since then, I've driven by a few times and been meaning to check them out--mostly because I had no idea what to expect. After I (finally) finished catching up around the house on Sunday, it seemed like the perfect point to head out for dinner and do a review. A little poking around Urban Spoon suggested Calli's is open for dinner 7 days a week, so a Sunday evening visit proved quite successful.If I had to characterize the new establishment, I'd call it "low-key casual dining." The menu lists appetizers, sandwiches and a few entrees, but no salads. From over at the bar (a surprise attribute), you can order a few craft beer options in bottles with one or two on draft, and even a wine option or two. If the weather's nice, they even have a good bit of cafe seating on the side walk.What did I find? Well, Calli's has only been around for 4 or 5 short weeks (since mid-July), and they already have some key details either in order or heading in the right direction. That's not to say Regent Square's newest dining option has smoothed over all the rough edges, but I definitely expect great things from this place.There's actually a more detailed review here...http://www.foodburgh.com/2009/08/callis-regent-square
4	Walked in to look at a menu and the aroma of garlic was too much to resist. We sat down and ordered per the recommendation of our server. I ordered Meatloaf and DH ordered the Reuben. The meatloaf was a mini loaf with a nice crust and a delicious sauce. Instead of the traditional brown (thick) gravy it was served with a very flavorful pot roast type gravy brothy- I could see the slices of fresh garlic.The sauteed vegetables on the side were well done- you could tell they were freshly cut and well cooked-- not a mixed bag of frozen vegetables a la Sysco truck. My husband's Reuben was also very good, and the sweet potato fries were perfect. The prices were reasonable and the service very good. Not "gourmet" type food that you'll find on the "Best Restaurants" list, but what we ordered was good quality comfort food. I hope they do well- I like seeing small independent places succeed. Apparently it opened just this past Monday. If you're in the neighborhood and looking for something that's not bar food (I love D's) or on the pricier side (Legume) try Calli's. We're not big fans of Dunnings. They also do breakfasts which looked good on the menu- but I can't comment as I haven't been.
4	Been here for breakfast and dinner, and it was good both times. Had french toast/omelette for breakfast and Cobb Salad/Bruschetta/Turkey Jive for dinner.  Location is nice because after your meal you can take a stroll in Frick Park, and/or grab some ice cream next door.
2	Went on a Saturday afternoon and our experience was pretty hit and miss.  "Meh" summarizes our feelings.The menu was pretty diverse, but not overwhelming, and none of the food was bad, per se.  But none of the food was really noteworthy.  One couple had the bruschetta that we were pretty sure we could have made at home (toasted bread squares with some tomato on it?).The boot camp fries were ok...but a little soggy and required a fork to eat.The reuben sandwich kind of exemplified our experience -- a good effort (a large sandwich, healthy portion of meat), but fell short (not heated through).The kicker is that it took 50 minutes for this food to arrive...and we were the only ones in the restaurant.  However, this was a Saturday afternoon so maybe....I don't know.  Meh.
3	Looks like this place closed up shop. There are no trespassing signs on both of the entrance doors.
