5	I absolutely adore Dr. Claudia Garcia!!! She has been our children's pediatrician for over 4 years now. We started seeing her when she was with Foothills Pediatrics and now she has ventured out on her own and we have followed. She always explains everything in detail and has amazing patience. She explains things to the children as well. I however, am not happy with the front desk. I called to get some answers about my children's prescriptions and the phone just rang and rang. I called to leave a message and got no return phone call. Finally they called me regarding a urologist referral for my son and then I got to ask my questions. I was so frustrated!!! However, that will not keep us from taking our children to such an amazing pediatrician. We love and trust Dr. Garcia to the fullest!!! Before her, my children had never been to a regular pediatrician. They only saw a Dr. when they became ill. So finding a pediatrician was very new and terrifying, we were lucky to find such a great doctor on the first attempt. Thank you Dr. Garcia for everything!!!
1	If I could leave no stars I would. Beware- do not take your child to Dr. Claudia Garcia when you actually need your pediatrician to examine your sick child. I called My Kids Doctor on a Monday  afternoon at 12:30 asking to make a sick appointment. I was told I didn't need appointment to just walk-in before 3 pm. I took my child who was running a 100.8 fever and complaining of severe stomach cramps to the office as a "walk-in". I arrived at 2pm and was called back to an exam room at 2:45. We then sat in the exam room until 3:30 when I finally asked the nurse how much longer it would be before we would see the doctor. Meanwhile my daughter is dryheaving and crying. The Nurse tells me she would check with the doctor, she comes back and tells me it will be another 45 mins to an hour. I explained that we had been there since 2pm and she stated she was sorry but the doctor had to see her appointments first then her sick walk-ins. I asked if sick children take presidence over healthy ones and she simply said no. Wow! By now my child has vomited 3 times. I asked the Nurse a second time to get the doctor and again I was told we would have to wait our turn. I have never encountered a Pediatrician will no moral ethics or compassion. I mean their speciality is children. If you are not equipped or staffed to handle sick appointments than do not accept them. But allowing a patient to wait(a sick patient at that) that long is just unprofessional. Need less to say I left and took my child to another Pediatrician. Please don't make the same mistake I did with trusting the care of your child's health to Dr. Claudia Garcia.
1	I called on Friday morning to fill a script for my six year old son.  I never received a call back.  I called again on Monday and spoke to a nurse.  They were too busy to send a script over to Walgreens, but if Walgreens sent the request over via fax, they would handle it.  Actually, Walgreens sent the fax three times and never got a response.  It took days upon days and hours of calls just to fill a simple script for seasonal allergies.  After waiting to see the Dr. for 2 hours today, we decided to get request records and find another pediatrician.  We were told it was $6.50 for the records and handed them a $10.00 Bill.  After being told they didn't have change, the staffer physically ripped up the records they had printed right in front of us.  The service is poor, the staff is inept and rude, they have no concern for your schedule, cannot be counted on, etc.  Our experience with this Dr. was terrible.
