5	In Charlotte, I'd say this is one of the best places to go for sushi. The quality beats the other places. I go here often for lunch with my boss. The staff are very friendly and quick to serve you. The menu's got a great variety. Mostly sushi/sashimi. But they also have hibachi, some soups, and chicken wings too. The place is always clean, there are 3 flat screen TVs to watch, and you can even watch the chef in the back making the dishes with a smile on his face. I can't believe no one's reviewed this place yet. This place deserves a thumbs up for quality sushi in Charlotte. Reasonable prices too.
4	I regret giving this restaurant only 4 starts because so far, there is only one other review and it's 5 stars so I am effectively lowering the rating for a great restaurant. However, I reserve 5 stars for the absolute best and this was only very good.Service was excellent. I ate fairly early so there were only two tables with customers so the waitress didn't have too much to do but she was very attentive ... and polite! While I waited for my order, she brought me a complimentary appetizer ... I love when places do that.My sushi bill was $45 (for just me) including tip but I way over ordered. Half of that would have made a fine meal ... It's the next day and I'm still full :)p.s. I counted the flat screens against the score ...
4	I've eaten in here a few times now and I have to say I am quickly becoming a regular.  The lunch specials are crazy affordable and delicious.  There is usually a hibachi lunch special for $5.95 which includes a cup of soup, salad, chicken or steak hibachi, and two big scoops of rice.  It's quite a bit of food and it's all really good.They also have sushi specials for lunch.  The last special I got consisted of three rolls (cucumber, california, and tuna), a cup of soup and a salad for $8.45.  Everything was very fresh and tasty.The staff is very friendly, almost too friendly at times :).  If you are in the Ballantyne area at lunch I suggest you give them a try!
5	We were looking for a Japanese place to try, and after reading the reviews decided to give this place a try.  WOW!  I have had good sushi before (I lived in SoCal for three months for work) and never have I had sushi as fresh as this.  The prices are amazing, the service is fantastic, and everything was delicious, fresh, and the portions were huge!  They also gave us a free cucumber and crab salad and a 8-piece roll of avacado and eel sushi to try and both were great.  We took our two small children and they gave us free soups and salads for them too!  I wouldn't say this in in Quail Hollow (we live in Southpark) so it was a little further than we expected, but we will DEFINITELY be back, no matter the location (which is in a nice shopping center with Earthfare).  My husband and I had the Bento boxes, which were $12.95, came with soup, salad, rice, tempura vegetables, teriyaki meat, a six-piece California roll, and two goyza dumplings.  AMAZING!
4	The most awesome lunch special in Ballantyne resides here. The $4.95 hibachi chicken special. Yes, you read that right, $4.95. For that price you get: Miso Soup, Salad, HUGE portion of hibachi chicken, rice, and vegetables. I am a shrimp sauce addict, and this place has great shrimp sauce, not too tangy like many of the restaurants that don't get it quite right.The sushi chef is awesome, every time I have eaten dinner here (which is around $13 for similar portions of the hibachi chicken) the sushi chef has always sent out either a free sushi roll or appetizer for my table. This has happened on 4 separate occasions, and my friends are always impressed by the gesture.The wait staff is amazing and courteous as well.The atmosphere is the only reason I have given this place 4 stars. There have been a couple of occasions I have wanted to go, but knew that the classical music they play in the evening is too cheesy to bring my friends. The TVs always seem to be showing really odd programming. Everything else, utter perfection!
5	In from DC and staying the Ballantyne Hotel, which is a mile away. Awesome sushi - sat at the Sushi bar where the chef provided a slightly spicy cucumber and crab salad, amazing!Highly recommend!!
4	I go here a few times a month. The sushi here tastes very fresh and the portion sizes are great. The place is never too crowded on the weekends so the service is pretty fast and polite. My only wish is that they had outdoor seating. Prices are very reasonable and the sushi chef welcomes everyone who walks in. I used to go to Jade in Ballantyne which is the other sushi joint. If you want a nice scene then Jade is the place. However, if you want the best quality sushi then Tokyo is for you.  Great place to eat in or for take out.
4	Great lunch specials - Hibachi Chicken for $5.95.  Comes with soup and salad.  Portions are perfectly sized and I walked away full and happy.  Food quality was quite good.  Service was excellent.
4	Although Tokyo is a Japanese restaurant, they offered a Korean special (called Bibimbap, literally meaning "mixed meal") when I visited this week. It was a bowl of rice, sauteed vegetables and chicken coated in sesame oil served with a bowl of red chili sauce. The waiter (who was Korean) enthusiastically demonstrated how I should stir the mixture and blend in the chili sauce. Very fine. Not only did I get this big bowl of wonderful hot food (it was "bigger than my head") I was served salad with ginger dressing, Miso soup and as a treat, the chef sent out a crab and cucumber salad. I agree with Leslie Ann W. - I loved that salad. Visit soon and enjoy flavors from several Asian cuisines.
3	Ugh - these people are so friendly and nice, but the sushi just wasn't that great. On my first time there on a weeknight at 7pm I was the *only* customer. I saw at the sushi bar and the chef and the manager both chatted with me and both were really nice guys - they even gave me a free spicy tuna roll. They had a very limited selection - I asked the poor sushi chef on what he recommended and in retrospect that was pretty cruel of me since there just wasn't much for him to pick from.This place is also owned and run by Koreans so perhaps if I ended up back here I'd try the dol sot bi bim bop.
5	A lovely and authentic Japanese dining experience. Delicious food prepared by a master Chef. They are open for lunch and dinner. Reasonable pricing and a wonderfully extensive selection. You really can't go wrong with anything that you order. Throw some darts at the menu and enjoy a variety of foods.
4	This place is OUT-O-BIDNESS.  I went last Friday night for dinner, and pulled up to a dark restaurant.  There was a sign on the door explaining that they shut the door for good.BUMMER!!!  I really liked this place.
