5	I do not live in Madison, but was looking to get my hair done for a special event while in town.  I just needed an appointment near my hotel that fit my schedule and Cinema Hair Studio was able to accommodate me (and they were so helpful on the phone! great customer service!).Nikki was my stylist and she was WONDERFUL. Extremely thoughtful and diligent in her work.  I walked out of there with a great haircut and lovely styling.  Aveda products - mmmmm.  If I lived in town, Nikki at Cinema Studios would definitely have my regular business.
5	I went to Cinema as a new customer for the first time a few weeks ago. My perm was falling out, I hadn't had a cut in awhile and I described myself as the "before" girl in shampoo commercials. I just let Nicole do her thing, whatever she thought would make me look better. She gave me a fantastic cut that brought out my curls, taught me how to style my hair, and recommended a few awesome products. It has made ALL the difference! I look and feel like a rockstar again and as for my curls - I have people asking me all the time if I got it repermed!  Hehehe. She will definitely be my new go to girl. The shop itself is fabulous - it smells great, the staff is friendly, and it has a calm, relaxing environment.  And the prices are very reasonable for the level of service you get. I would recommend Cinema to anyone.
5	The rating is for the resident massage therapist.  She is the BEST in Madison hands down.  An amazing person with amazing talent and passion for what she does!
5	Went to Cinema Hair based on reviews and the particulars listed on their website. All in all, I was completely happy. Nicole cut my hair exactly the way I asked and she made inquiries along the way to ensure I was getting the cut and style I wanted. Would highly recommend to any guy, as she knows her stuff. Great service and the price was very fair.
2	Let me start by saying this rating is solely based on convenience. I actually haven't gotten a haircut there and the people I engaged with were helpful and very nice. I am new to Madison, and have a wedding this weekend that I needed a haircut for. I called and regardless of prices (which are more expensive than Chicago) I booked someone for 7pm the next day. I was required to put down a credit card and had 24 hour cancellation policy. I called the day of the appointment at 3:30 to see if I could come in earlier and was then told the stylist (for a totally acceptable reason) couldn't make it. They tried to accommodate me but I can't do the next day. My problem here is that the cancellation policy does not go both ways. I really need a haircut and now have to scramble to find another cut with a place that has less highly rated reviews. It's just disappointing when people don't practice what they preach.
5	This is a review for Nikki specifically. This girl is A-MAZING. I can't rave enough about her. I've been seeing Nikki since, 2005, in that time, I moved out of Madison and to Chicago but I still drive the two hours to have her cut and color my hair. Yes, she is that amazing.I've been in Chicago for four years and have tried and tried to get others to replace her but it's no use, she is hands down the best. Often times, I don't even think about what I want, I have so much trust in her judgment I just book a cut and color, sit in her chair and let her do whatever she wants. She will work until she gets it right, she listens and really tries to picture what would be best for you. Best of all if you come to her saying I want XYZ she will tell you honestly whether that will look good on you and will offer suggestions or alternatives. She is a perfectionist all around, amazing at her job and really cares about her clients! She comes up with great colors that are both flattering to your skin and eye color and cuts that fit your personality and style. She will even teach you how to style your hair with the products and tools you have at home. I always walk out with a huge smile on my face and a bounce in my step. Hands down, the best!
5	So, funny I just read the previous review.  I am in the same boat, i.e. I have been known to drive from Chicago to Madison to see Nicole.  I have been unable to replace her... ;-(  Her cuts and colors are consistently good.  She is great and was recently promoted to manager... kudos, she deserves it!
2	I am late in writing this review, as it was about a year ago that I got my hair cut at Cinema.  My stylist was Shiloh, and though she seemed friendly and nodded along with the requests that I made, I ended up very unhappy with the cut.  It was noticeably lopsided (I must have missed it at the salon, maybe because of how she'd styled it, but my roommate could see it as soon as I got home), and the layers were incredibly choppy and not well-blended (the one thing that I stressed as my pet peeve.)  To the salon's credit, I did not let them know that I was unhappy and did not give them a chance to fix it, which I probably should have. A few weeks later, I went to another salon not too far away and had a FAR superior experience.  While combing through my hair they concurred that the cut was sloppy, and gave me what I had been looking for in the first place.
5	Cinema Hair Studio changed my life. Before I began frequenting this business, women would say to me, "Your hair is pathetic, get a life loser" and now they never say that. Nicole cuts my hair. She has an incredible sense of style and always tells me my hair looks good at the end. Now when I attend social gatherings and various sporting events, people notice me. They'll say, "Hey you seem interesting and your hair smells good" which it does. This is all thanks to Nicole. She will often cut my hair different ways as I show her photographs of celebrities with really expensive looking hair and in the end I always look like them, even if one is Steve Carrell and the other one is Jet Li. It doesn't matter, because Nicole is a wizard of hair styling. I would never go anywhere else and if you go somewhere besides Cinema Hair Studio after reading this glowing review, I bet your hair sucks. Thank you, Nicole.
4	Love the location! I work in the Capitol so it is nice to have a place to go over my lunch break. I found this spa and just love it! Everyone is very friendly and professional. I have had several services done and never a disappointment.
5	I am still going to Cinema on a regular basis and still seeing Nicole. I love that I am able to sit down and just say "fix it" and she always makes me look fantastic! Everyone is so nice and laid back and I always feel like they listen and give me exactly what I wanted - even if I wasn't sure what I wanted when I walked in. Nicole also did my hair and makeup for my wedding in 2012 and it was beautiful! Everyone in my wedding party looked great and we were very impressed with the service we received. They even let us stop back for a free touch up after pictures as it was a very windy day. I am so happy to have found a salon and a stylist I can trust and who all provide amazing and consistent service.
1	I've been going to this salon for eye brow waxing and manicures sporadically for a couple years. What happened to me over the past two weeks cemented the fact I will never go back.On Friday (March 21), I decided to treat myself with a shellac manicure and even upgraded to a french manicure. I expected to it to be pricier than a typical shellac since I was going to a salon and spa and not a nail-specific shop. $70 later, I was satisfied with my experience I had with Amy.Let's fast forward to Monday (March 24). All my nails started to bubble and peel. I suspect because too much product was applied. I don't fault Amy for this--no chip polish is tricky. I called to see if I could have a complimentary shellac manicure since the initial polish lasted a mere 2.5 days (when typically they last me at least a week or two). The receptionist was friendly and sympathetic and had to discuss with the store owner. She called me back and said absolutely I could come in for a complimentary manicure. We scheduled the appointment for later that week on Thursday (March 27). Unfortunately, I got sick and had to reschedule (again). I was told no problem. We rescheduled for Friday (April 4)Flash forward to Thursday (April 3), I got a text from my father that he had a missed call from the salon. Why did my dad text me, you're probably wondering? Because three years prior he took over my OLD cell phone number. For some reason, Cinema still had this number in the database despite several years of using my current phone number. So, I called the salon, and the receptionist that night (different than the one I previously dealt with) assumed it was just to remind me of my appointment. No big deal.Welp. This is where the fun begins and Cinema's customer service is thrown out the window. I walked in on Friday (April 4) for my appt, and the receptionist (the one that I typically talked to) asked if I received any of her messages? I didn't, because surprise! she called a number I hadn't used in three years. She then proceeded to explain that it's been two weeks, so the polish would have been off anyways, so my complimentary service was no longer complimentary. She offered $15. (Remember, that time I paid $70 to have a service last only three days. Yeah, I do too). She said had I kept my appointment when I was sick, it would have been no problem. She didn't realize when she and I rescheduled that it would become an issue. Because she didn't know and also didn't call the correct number, I was the one being punished.I am not angry with Amy who gave me my manicure. In fact, I had a lovely time chatting with her and genuinely enjoyed my time with her. I'm slightly miffed by the receptionist for not calling the correct number and properly getting a pretty substantial message to a client. This did, however, put a terribly sour taste in my mouth overall how the situation was handled by the store owner (who never once talked to me throughout this whole thing, by the way). Customer service should be a top priority, and it clearly wasn't in the situation I endured.I plan on writing a letter to the salon as well. I don't expect a returned response. I also don't expect this review to effect Cinema's business, which is definitely not my intention, at all. What I do hope is that this sparks some sort of change, so an unfortunate situation like this doesn't happen in the future.
5	Very happy with Cinema so far! I had my first haircut here with Madeleine a few weeks ago, and she totally got what I wanted. Not only did I leave with a simple, easy, pretty cut, I also got a fantastic shoulder and head massage, and some fun conversation. And it was only about $35 with tip! Score.
4	Listen, I'm incredibly picky when it comes to salons. I've tried probably a dozen salons in the years I've lived in Madison, most of them Aveda. Unlike a lot of places here, you don't feel like you have to be dressed to the nines or covered in tattoos to get a good cut. And unlike most places, you don't have to be there all fricking day. 45 minutes-an hour for consultation, scalp massage, brow waxing, cut & dry and you're on your way. I've now been to Cinema twice and will go back again. I've seen Aimee both times. She's friendly, she listens, she's efficient, and she gives a great haircut and does an excellent job with brow waxing too. $65 + tip for a cut & brows is a little steep for Madison prices but it's worth it. I like that you can book online, that the greeters are friendly and not snooty like in so many places and offer tea or water, that I haven't had to wait for my scheduled appointment (that drives me CRAZY), and, get this: they have freshly popped bags of popcorn for you.
5	Nicole has been cutting my hair for 3 years. I usually give her a basic idea of what I want and she takes it from there. Always looks good. I have gotten 2 massages from Jennifer. She is AWESOME. Totally worth every penny. Go for the hour and you will feel completely renewed when you leave. She's a pro.
