3	In the days before Last Chance, my dad loved Marshall's. It had all of the name brand items that didn't get picked up, presumably, or did and just didn't sell. Needless to say, they have all newer but plenty of pretty awful things there. The redeemers are around, if you're lucky, or if you wear a fringe size. You can find good jeans there marked down to half or a third of the original price but the challenge is always finding the right size. My advice is to pass through Last Chance first, then, if you don't have any look finding what you're looking for, stop by Marshall's before heading to Dillard's or Nordstrom for the real deal.
4	Marshall's Rocks.I love coming by here to pick up any house stuff, stationary, decorations, wrapping supplies like gift bags, fancy soaps-- just a bunch of stuff I don't NEED but like to BUY.The shoe department is sad but the clothes are a great deal and lots of variety, you just have to go looking thru everything.  SO if you have the time, it's worth it.  But basically I purchase house stuff and crap I don't need and then I go home and look at it all and wonder why I just spent all this money of "stuff"-- but I get the shopping rush at a bargain price. What more can you ask for?
2	1 star for manager Bill who proudly proclaimed that, "as a manager, my job is not to make decisions for people but to enforce the company policy." - WOW! Thanks Bill! You're a real winner, and really helpful to boot.5 stars for the Store Manager Dave who apparently shares a different view of what being a manager means. Thanks to him, I'll definitely return at some point in the future!
4	Even in another city, Marshalls doesn't disappoint. I needed something suitable other than a purse to take to the baseball game -- I wanted one of those cinch-backpacks and thought I'd be able to find one here. Sure enough, and for $4 too!! Otherwise, it's your typical Marshalls, though this one is much cleaner than most others I've shopped. The home furnishings section seems to be larger than some other stores too. This store is in a good location on Camelback near where it intersects with N 16th Street.
4	I like coming to Marshalls when looking to save a few $$ off brand name clothes, accessories, and house hold items. They always seem to have a clearance rack that brings cost down on their shirts, shorts, pants, etc even more so than their normal value prices. They're great for picking up new work out clothes about 1/2 the cost that you would down the street at Sports Authority. I've never bought shoes here, but they're decent prices also.Most of the items they carry are last years styles, which most people wouldn't really care or notice. I like to swing by here and last chance when I'm in the discount shopping mood, you can usually find at least one or two things that work for you.Happy Shopping my friends!
5	Im obsessed with finding a great deal and I am a label whore... haha but really, its one of my favorite place to get coffee, and other nicknacks at a great price! yeah, so you may have to dig to find what you are looking for but in my eyes shopping it self is an adventure- so enjoy the treasure hunt!
1	I like coming into this store.  It's clean and always has great selection and deals.  However, me and a friend of mine went late one night to shop and I ended up finding great deals.  So I spent about $50 that night.  I walked out and my friend asked what did I get.  Well I didn't have everything in the bags so I went back inside to get it from the cashier.  The first cashier or maybe she was a manager saw me and I told her I just walked out and noticed that I was missing items.  She basically accused me of not telling the truth, gave me a dirty look like I was a thief and really didn't want help.  So I made my way back to the cashier who also denied that she had the bag and again accused me of lying since I walked out.  I think they felt I would make a scene which I would've because I was telling the truth and plus they were going to be closing within 15 minutes and there was a line!  THEN giggling the cashier, she pulls the bag from the bottom shelf by her...she totally knew that she had it and she herself was lying. I have a feeling this isn't the first time they've tried this with people. So watch your bags!   And I've worked in retail, really lame employees and actions that night.
4	This is beginning to become one of my spots in the Valley to shop. I can always count on finding a good deal on brand name items at this location. The stock is always on point...and they really have some cute "inspired " pieces too. This location seems to have a better selection, maybe because its the "Biltmore", but nonetheless, I love this spot, and recently put my boyfriend on to this spot too, and he seems to favor it as well!!! I always leave smiling, happy that I stopped thru.
3	A great place to find deals on good clothes. This location is not as organized - or clean - as some others, but it is decent and has awesome deals. I have no issues shopping here.
4	I'm a fan of this Marshall's. It's nice and clean and I've never had any issues. They carry VOSS water in the glass bottles, which is rare. They always have at least SOMEthing we can't live without. The kitchen section is fun. The housewares is nice. I love discount shopping, and this is always one of our first stops if we need something quick and don't want to spend a lot on it.
3	Marshalls has been one of my top go-to places for finding deals on decent clothes for years. I've had this one, located in the Camelback Colonnade shopping center, in my sites for a couple months now.I finally made it over here on a Thursday afternoon. The first thing I noticed was that the parking lot was a Mad House. This may have been because it was Halloween, and there's a Spirit Halloween store in the shopping center.  So I won't dwell on that, and besides, chaotic parking lots in Phoenix seems to the norm.Once inside it looked like any other Marshalls until I got to the men's section. It was definitely not as well organized as other Marshalls I've visited. The clothes on the racks weren't too bad. There were some shirts and jeans hung out of the correct size section but not too bad. It was the dress shirt section that blew my mind. I'm talking about the area with the folded, packaged button-up shirts. The ones that sometimes come all pinned up so you can prick your fingers when you're unwrapping them... yeah those ones. It was like a tornado had come through and dispersed the shirts where ever it damn well pleased. Some shirts were hanging out of packages. Very few were in the right spot and I couldn't find my size in any of the ones I liked. Not finding the right size is something that just happens at Marshalls, I get that. However, it hasn't happened to me too often. The bottom line is that dress shirt area was a disaster.  I'll still come back to find the occasional deal, but if you're looking for a store that is well organized... this is not the Marshalls you are looking for.
4	What can I say, I love Marshalls. This location is clean and always filled with a ton of great finds. My only complaint (hence the 4 stars) is that they don't have a jewelry counter. I came here to find a cute necklace for my boyfriend's mother for her birthday. NOTHING like that in this store. I settled on a cute tank for myself, but still left with no present for her. Overall, if you;re a fan of Marshalls, you'll be a fan of this location.
3	I've never been very impressed with this store.  The clothing selection is ok but not great. The customer service definitely leaves much to be desired. I don't think I've ever had any ask to help me or smile when assisting.  Despite all this I still enjoy looking here from time to time because they do have awesome deals on everything from designer label clothes, shoes, housewares, to toys for kids. I've even seen luggage sets here.
1	Terrible service from the manager Dave at this marshalls location. I tried to return something and he literally yelled at me and belittled me in front of a line full of customers for not having everything I needed to return the items. Get the hell over yourself! It blows my mind that the customer service at these establishments are so terrible considering how much competition there is in this day and age!Not only was he rude to me but also to the woman that was trying to help me do my return. Will never shop at this location or let anyone I care about give there money to this shitty store.
5	Marshall's has a lot of great prices for clothing, shoes and home stuff.  There is only a few Marshall's around Phoenix.  So, it is nice that I have a Marshall's by my house.  I like coming to this Marshalls. They always seem to have what I'm looking for and most of the time it is on clearance.  So, it is a win-win for me.  :)  Also it is nice that Marshalls is part of the TJ Maxx Company.  If you ever had something to return and you only had a TJ Maxx by you can you return your item there too.  Well if you don't really like Last Chance and are looking for a store around this area you should going to Marshalls.
