4	This is an EASY to get to, walk up atm. No deposits are accepted here, at the drive up stations, only withdrawl services.  There is one walk up atm on the opposite side of the building that does accept multi-deposits. i think this is the one closest to and from the strip, B of A anyway.
5	I've went to a couple other BofA's in Vegas and this is the only one I go to now. Despite almost always being fairly busy, they work through long lines quickly and the wait is never what it would be at other places. I'm drawing a blank on their names, but the 2 guys that help with more complicated transactions are very very helpful and caring. When my father came and visited and got his card stolen, they were awesome in helping him work through it quickly and efficiently.
5	Came into this branch to replace a debit card. Kevin was very helpful and had great customer service. Will come back to see him with all my banking needs for now on! Thanks Kevin!
5	I recently got a new debit card issued and set up the pin # over the phone with a customer service rep. For some reason or other they did not properly activate it and I have not been able to use my card. I stopped by this location and met with an employee to fix my card and pin. They were so nice and helpful and took care of the situation in about 10 minutes. My native language is spanish and I was helped by someone that spoke spanish and was very helpful. There was no line or wait. I'm just happy to get this taken care of. Great service.
5	Great service!! The tellers were very helpful and super nice!! The BoA in Belmont could learn a lot from this location!!
1	This BofA can blow it out it's a$$!   Stood in line for over 30 minutes to withdraw MY money.  As I type these words, there is one teller working and 15 people in line.... (think of Walmart).
3	I've been to worse banks/locations, and I've been to better. The inside is cavernous and upwardly lit with a soft white light more evocative of a soulless post-modern loft apartment than a bank. The carpet is only present under the waiting area and desk sections, and is oddly designed so as to appear worn for no reason when viewed from any distance. The rest of the floor--where any and all standing actually takes place--is floored with featureless tile that only serves to further enhance the permeating air of discomfort.The lines are never short, and though I wouldn't say the staff (who always seem to be in short supply) is unfriendly, they generally overdo it trying to upsell me on their services. I used to bank with them but they closed my account, and won't let me open a new one (though I owe no money). Still, every time, I get the same "Would you like to open an account?" when I come in to cash a paycheck drawn on their bank.One teller, Cynthia, got it right and asked casually where I bank, making it feel like part of the conversation while she was running the check through, instead of just blurting out a sales pitch. Same idea, sure, but that's the difference between good service and average.
4	Great service, sitting with a business rep was professional, took his time to explain, made sure that i'm leaving with all the answers that i was looking for. Thank you rey!
