4	Great food, fair prices.I had the chicken breast sandwich which was good, my wife had the italian sausage which was great. The owner took our order, was friendly and helpful. It took a little while to get our food but it was rather apparent that was because it was cooked to order.Great for lunch, definitely give it a try if you're in the area.
4	Had the Italian beef sandwich, dipped, with hot & sweet peppers and fries. The food was made to order and tasty. I don't know that it is fair to compare it to Portillo's, as it holds a special place in my heart, but this place holds up pretty well in the comparison! I'm definitely going back!
5	Well, I don't write a lot of reviews, but FINALLY! This place has the real deal. For further information on the Italian Beef (IB) sandwich from my hometown, go here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Italian_beef To preface this, I went to High School at St. Ignatius in Chicago. For those unaware, you walked out the back parking lot onto Taylor Street, with the original AL's right there. I grew up on these Muttherf&&^&% sandwiches. In my mind, that makes me an expert. I could eat them 3 times a week back home and never get tired. Sorry if that sounds a bit arrogant, but...well, just trust me. That's right. No cheese, no mushrooms, none of the other BS other places try to pass off as a real IB. This little place has managed to capture it better than Luke's (which isn't bad) and the now defunct Al's up north. Sorry to see them go, but that joint was way overpriced, and tried to do too much. The IB was shaved paper thin, and the sweet peppers were good. I asked for it dipped and on getting back to the office, it was still a bit too dry for my taste. Next time I will ask for is soaked or double dipped, or whatever they call it there. The juice was dee-licious, reminiscent of Portillos and Al's from back home. I did not get the hot peppers (not my thing), so I cannot comment on that. I also had the fries, which were foodservice, but cooked nice and crispy. Note to them: If you read this, you need to throw a bit of salt on them RIGHT AFTER leaving the fryer. Excellent service! I got trapped behind a bunch of businessmen that ordered all kind of food, including grilled chicken Sammie's. They had my to go order ready in less than 5 min. Well done. All I need now is White Castle, and a REAL deep dish pizza that isn't bought at AJ's in the frozen section, and All the Chicago staples will be here in the valley. If YOU LOVE ITALIAN BEEF, CHECK THIS PLACE OUT. Beef sandwich: $5.00 Fries: $1.00.
5	I am proud to say that the hubby and I have reached a consensus on who has the best Italian Beef sammich in the Phoenix region. Its by far and away Taylor Street!!! Forget all the rambling I did about Lobbys (that was hours before I went to Taylor Street) and Lukes it forgetful when comparing it to this gem. I will most likely downgrade the star ratings on both   :O  Taylor Street has it all: great prices (5.00 for a sammich and 1.00 for ALL of the add ons ie. onion, peppers, cheese), great tasting Italian beef, the sammiches are larger, fries rock, service was extremely friendly and fast, and establishment was clean and nice looking. I got my Italian Beef with grilled onions and sweet peppers, added ketchup (yes yes, that is my thing) and it was soooooo good. I let the low carb diet go out the window for this one and ate the whole damn sammich along with some of their crispy perfectly cooked crinkle cut fries! Hubby had the Italian Beef with hot peppers, fries, and then because we had driven so far and he wanted to try it, he ordered a Philly cheese-steak for dessert. He said that the Italian Beef is definitely the way to go at Taylor's although the cheese-steak was not bad. After trying his Italian beef, I deemed the hot peppers the way to order it rather than with sweet peppers. So to sum it up, go to Taylor Street, get the Italian beef sammich "dipped" with hot peppers and grilled onions. Add ketchup if you need that extra oomph. If you are from Chicago, you must try this place. Heck, if you like tons of meat, delicious bread, and perfectly cooked fries at low low prices, you must try this place!
4	Got the cheese steak sandwich and fries. Good food. Great service.  The owner was about to close shop, without noticing I walked in, and he was more than willing to heat up the grill again.
4	Awesome italian beef. Its flavorful and juicy on a soft and chewy bread. I had mines dipped and it was fabulous. Prices are great, much less expensive than other italian beef joints. Also, no matter how many add ons, it's only $1 extra total (cheese, hot peppers, sweet peppers...)  I had mines with sweet and hot peppers and next time I'll probably just go with the hot peppers. The sweet ones didn't really do much for me. But I'll have to get the peppers on the side next time as they are marinated in oil and a bit excessive for my liking. This way I can drain some of the oil out. Fries are the kind I like, crinkle cut, which is always a pleasure. I'll be back.
5	I am a transplanted Chicagoan and I love my Italian Beef. This place was recommended to me by the cousin of the owner, who has several beef stands in Chicago. The beef and the combo beef and sausage sandwich is the best I've had since moving from Chicago. I think you would have to look far and wide for a better beef sandwich in AZ.
4	I love that I can get Italian Beef sandwiches that remind me of my brief time spent in Chicagoland.This is a a fast-food restaurant but there's seating inside with a big screen TV. The beef is tender & flavorful. And of course, the bread is soft, fresh and delicious. I always ask for Sweet & Hot Peppers. It's a BIG sized sandwich. for only $5! (I believe it's a little extra for the hot peppers) If you like your IB Sammie dipped like a true chicagoan, you can ask for extra an jus on the side!Everything is cooked right as your order so it can take at least 10-15 minutes but I don't mind waiting for fresh, yummy food. Definitely recommend for lunch or dinner.I love the crinkly (cripsy) fries and they're usually freshly fried not sitting around. It's a one-man show most of the time (likely the owner) but he's super friendly/charming. And double checks his order.Will be back.
5	Been here several times now.  Always good service and a positive experience.  The places is clean.  The food is great and at a low price.  Being a med student, it definitely helps with the budget.  That's probably the main reason I keep going back, well....and it tastes awesome.
5	Not many afordable lunch options out there that consistently have great food but Taylor Street is one of them. Chicken is awesome!
1	I stopped by for dinner here about a month ago with my wife. It took 1/2 hour for a combo (Italian sausage & Italian Beef on a roll). The gentlemen behind the counter said he was still cooking the sausage after I inquired 10 minutes into the wait. Cooking an Italian Sausage on the spot????? Please, give me a break. You mean to tell me that you're getting a sausage out of the freezer/refrigerator and cooking it like were're at a BBQ in the backyard? This is a fast food joint, I expect my food within 5 minutes.I've been to hundreds of places serving Italian Sausages in Chicagoland, and this is the first time it took 1/2 hour to get an Italian Sausage. I remember cooking up burgers, hotdogs, brats and italian sausages at the Itasca Country Club as a cook outside during golf outings and it would only take a few minutes on the grill. My wife is convinced they had to go out to Safeway to grab the Italian Sausage. Plus they cut the sausage in half, who does that? The food wasn't the greatest and the wait was unreasonable. I bet I could get a steak from The Chop House much faster than I got my Italian Sausage cooked.This place is a complete fail. Try Lukes or Buona Beef instead.
2	I feel bad about two stars because the Italian Beef with giardineira is actually very good, but they are SO SLOW I had to take points off.  We frequently go here at lunch, and if there's a large group of us (more than three) we won't go because it takes them too long.  I appreciate that they make everything to order, but if you only have five things on the menu and you expect a steady lunch crowd, you could start a few things cooking before the lunch rush.  If you order a sausage expect to wait a LONG time.  And, don't go if you see the firetruck parked out front.  The firemen slow everything down and it will take a really long time.  Today we had a group of four that walking in at 12:15.  We waited for five minutes and nobody acknowledged our presence so we left.  I hope they speed up their service, because they do make a good sandwich and I enjoy going there.
4	Good chicago style food. Itilian beef was like what ud find in chicago and fries are good. Prices are really good too. Would definately recommend it.
5	Consistently outstanding - particularly the chicken.  In response to a couple of the negative ratings/reviews -  if want fast food there is a JacknBox across the street. The owner of the restaurant (Joel) is also the cook (7 days a week) and a lot of the time runs the entire show himself. So for any first timers out there don't be alarmed if you wait a few mins before having the privilege of ordering. This place is largely supported by regulars. Until they learned my order a couple times I waited until someone else received their food before ordering. As for concerns expressed about the greasiness of the food - I think you're better off going to a Subway buddy. As frequent customer (more than 5 times a week) I can guarantee the bread will never be soggy (maybe if you let it sit for more than hour but I regularly wait longer and have never had soggy bread). On the greasiest sale - you can expect some drips but nothing overbearing.
4	I sought out Taylor Street because I was in the mood for crinkle cut fries, and it was en route to my destination today.  The restaurant is in a small strip mall just north of the 202 on Scottsdale Road.  Miss it, and you are on your way into Tempe.The restaurant itself is very unassuming and basic.  The menu is concise and boldly displayed overhead.  Italian beef, Italian sausage, Philly cheese steak, Polish sausage and a few others.  I chose the combo beef and sausage sandwich, a small fry, and a medium drink.  I was asked if I wanted my sandwich "Chicago style", which meant the bread was served wet from the beef au jus.  I stuck with the toasted bread instead.  I asked for some gardeniera on the side.While I waited for my sandwich, I went to the fountain to get a soda...an RC Cola.  I wasn't sure they still made RC, but there it was!  I will agree the food does come out a little slow, but I knew that going in.The gentleman who took my order brought the food out to me. The crinkle cut fries were perfectly cooked, and some a little crunchy with none burned.  The sandwich was very good as well, although I wasn't sure why they chose to cut the sausage in half for the sandwich.  Never had it that way before, and while it obviously didn't change the flavor, it didn't have the normal "feel" of a combo.  I apparently pay close attention to the tactile qualities of my sandwich.  Also, there was enough juice from the beef to give it moistness without causing the bread to fall apart.  Glad I stuck with toasted.I would rate the quality of the meats used as very good.  I have had spectacular combo sandwiches in Chicago (and some not so good), and this is towards the higher end.  As I left, both gentlemen working asked how my meal was, and they seemed genuinely interested in knowing.  Big bonus there, and a locally owned restaurant always gets my preference.A couple minor points are the reason for the 4 star rating: they forgot the gardeniera (as did I until I was almost finished), the food is slow for fast food, and the chairs are a little hard.  None of these are deal-breakers, and I will definitely come back again!
5	Best sandwiches in Tempe, hands down. The place is around the corner from my apartment, and I try to stop in once a week. The Italian beef is awesome, but so is everything else. Sometimes Joel is working the grill by himself, and gets backed up if it's busy, so you may have to wait a minute, but don't get discouraged, because it's worth it. A good sandwich is worth waiting for. Plus, they have RC Cola in the fountain drinks selection. Win!
2	Good food, but they are so slow. I think they need to realize that lunch at a counter service place needs to be served quickly. I keep coming back every few months to see if they have improved, once they do I will be eating lunch here at least every week or two.
4	I think this place used to be a Quiznos. Honestly, I think I'm happier that its not. Really enjoyed my Philly Cheesesteak, the veggies on it were great. Fries are delicious and I don't like fries.
5	My wife and I go there every other Sunday.  We order the cheese steak sub with everything on it.  We also order fries as well.  Quite possibly the best cheese steak I've had out here.  The fries are delicious as well.  The best part is that our dinner comes to less then $17.00.  Best deal in Tempe.  The guy really appreciates the business as well.  Will recommend to anyone.
4	I think the owner came from Luke's originally.  Much of the same menu except it is a 1 person operation and can be slow at times.  Very good food, fries not as good as Lukes and the sandwhiches were smaller than Lukes however they were less expensive so fair value.  Same RC cola as Lukes.
4	So let's dispense with the easy one first.  It will take time to get your food.  One guy working there and he pretty much does everything so, if there's more than one person in there it might take a bit.The above being said...well worth the wait.Ordered the Chicago Dog ($2), Italian sausage ($4) and fries (whatever they cost).Start with the dog.  For whatever reason I order a Chicago dog at just about every restaurant that serves one.  Don't know why, but I just do.  Good dog.  For $2 even better.Italian sausage...REALLY good.  For $4 even way better.  I would recommend this as a reason for coming (and probably waiting) even if you ate nothing else.Fries...meh.  Crinkle cut...not my favorite.  They weren't bad, weren't impressive...just meh.All of the above being said it's still pretty darn good.
2	Not sure what everybody sees in this place. Split a cheese steak and Italian beef beef with a friend and the entire meal was lacking in flavor. I was surprised at how bland and tasteless it was, I was definitely disappointed based on the yelp reviews. I think I'll stick with Lukes of Chicago.
2	Not a big fan of Chicago's Taylor Street.Yes the food is inexpensive and certainly not bad.  I didn't even mind that there was just one person working there..The place seemed really dirty to me and I felt like an annoyance not a customer.Two stars is a generous rating.
5	Friendly people and great food.
4	I have lived near this place for a couple years. I never gave it a chance , it being the "new kid on the block". Finally I stopped in , and I am happy I did. I've tried everything on the menu , and I cant complain about anything. They have possibly the best Philly cheese steak ever. Fries are always crisped to perfection. Great prices , too.
5	Taylor Street is that hidden gem. The sandwich's are the best in the valley!!  And hands down...the chicken sandwich is the best chicken sandwich I ever had.  A group of us tried Portillos and all agreed that it doesn't even come close to the food at Taylor Street.
