3	I had high expectations - the friends I went with have raved about this place for years. And true to their word we received a warm greeting from the owner and good service throughout the meal. The decor is basic, but experience has taught me that this is rarely reflected in an Indian kitchen so my expectations kept climbing. Then the menu; all the standards, but a few dishes I had never encountered before and which were screaming out to be tried. I plumped for the Balti Chasni Gosht, a curry that promised lots of heat and flavour. Ah well, being let down by a curry is probably not the worst thing that will ever happen to me, but the sadness still lingers.. I have heard rumours of such practises, but had never before had first hand experience of what lurked in the bottom of my balti dish: Pre-cooked lamb dropped into a goo of a curry sauce and reheated. The lamb was horrid, the sauce okish, though it had a disconcerting flavour of fish. If the meal hadn't been a treat from my hosts I would have said something, but I didn't. So I am now. The stars are for the service, the prices and the hope that this was an off night.
2	The Kings Balti should be a great 4 or 5 star restaurant.The food is wonderful, especially the tandoori lamb, which is my favourate as it is cooked traditionally and always beautifully tasty. The restaurant itself is nice and modern, with an open plan kitchen and extensivly supplied bar. All of this is reasonably priced and of good quality.However, and this is a big one, the service is terrible. Enough to put me off going back ever again I am afraid. Staff are rude, slow and incompetant. No help was offered to us at all for the first 25 mins of our visit, as though we had simply been forgotten about. When we were remembered, the waiter took our drinks orders, which today we are still waiting for as our first round never arrived. The service from that point remained shocking - and as a result, our meal was ruined.Its such a shame as the food was great, even if i did have a bitter taste in my mouth.
4	King's Balti has established itself as a great place to eat in Edinburgh in my mind, and this is only after one visit.I have to concur with Jonathan's review in one sense.  The food that we had was superb.  We were a group of between 25 and 30, there for a stag party, and we were accommodated without any issue.  I had a standard chicken korma, which was creamy and delicious.  Having sampled small amounts of other people's food, it was all superb.I had a different experience to Jonathan regarding the service however.  I found their service to be, on the whole, excellent.  The waiting staff engaged us in conversation throughout the evening, often coming in to enjoy a joke or quick chit-chat.  With a lively bunch of men like we were, this added to the atmosophere, and we all left the restaurant as satisfied customers.  All our needs were attended to throughout the evening.  Perhaps going back with just a few people would yield a different result.Although the location on Buccleuch Street is perhaps slightly off the beaten track, I feel that it's worth taking the time to visit King's Balti.  Maybe you'll be able to provide another review of their service here on Yelp?
2	This place looks the business but it's a shame about the service. Like Johnathan, I had to sit and wait at least 15 minutes to get our drinks. When I did decided on what I wanted, my chicken came out stone cold, and looked a little pink.I kindly informed the waiter that I didn't order the food poisoning and he took it back and got me a new one (which was still cold, but not pink). Very sketchy...
4	I actually thought the service in Kings Balti was pretty good and had a decent meal in here with my flatmates after exams.  The waiters were friendly and took no longer to serve the food than average despite the heavy numbers which were in that night.  The general atmosphere feels warm and nice, and the decor is in keeping with this.The menu has a good range of authentic Indian dishes ranging from mild kormas to scorching tandoori dishes.  I opted for the lamb balti which was spicy, but also had a wide range of aromatic flavours.  This, along with a portion of boiled rice and a naan, came to about a tenner which was a pretty decent deal as we thought the food was excellent.  I'd come here again based on my last experience of the great food and top service.
