5	I work on the north west side and live in south Scottsdale (SoSco), so I've tried many different dry cleaners in-between over the last 20 years. These wonderful folks are the very best I've found for an affordable price. Mike and Vivian work very hard to provide great results and I've been going to them exclusively for about 8 years now. They give personal attention to "stain management" :), finding solutions for almost everything I bring them, they use the right-sized hangers and tissue/cardboard support for the right clothing item. They actually provide well pressed, ready-to-wear clothing, where other more expensive places have always required touch up. They have a quick turn-around time when needed. They do their own cleaning, so you are not paying a middle man. They actually have a second location now on Scottsdale Road just south of Oak. Neither are fancy places. And they are some of the most honest, nicest, wonderfully warm people on the planet! I always wish they did more than just dry cleaning! :)
5	first time i've ever taken anything to a dry cleaner. and i didn't get anything cleaned. however, the gentleman i spoke with was good enough to inform me that the feathers that were on a promo costume i was needing cleaned for the following day might not make it through the cleaning process. so five stars for truth in service and not just taking someone's cash even if you can't do the job. he also gave me suggestions on how i might be able to go about cleaning the garment myself which he didn't have to do. next time i need a dry cleaner again, i know where i'll be going.
5	I've been using them since I moved into the neighborhood about 8 years ago - nothing but the best! They are friendly, and my cleaning is always ready the day it's promised. Vivian also always asks about my kids and gets mad at me if I don't have them in the car when I drop off/pick up my stuff.The cleaning is affordable and if I ever have a question (for example preservation for my wife's wedding dress), they are honest and upfront about options and what's worth doing and what isn't. We may move out of the neighborhood fairly soon, and if we do I will definitely make the extra drive to use these guys.
5	What a great place. The guy who owns it is almost always at the front counter and is nice as can be- he even remembers my name when I come in. Everything I've ever taken there has been cleaned and pressed perfectly and any stains completely removed. The costs are totally reasonable and he is really flexible if you need something back quickly. I wont take my clothes anywhere else!
4	I've been using this place for a year and have found them to be affordable and pleasant.  The same people are always working and are helpful.   They also use biodegradable bags which is a bonus
5	ALWAYS take my clothes here, the owners are the ones who do the work... they genuinely care about their customers and always remember me by name.  Small businesses need to thrive and I will continue to support this laundromat.  Worth the drive every time.  Very reasonable prices, may work deals with multiple items.  Got cranberry juice out of a $300 dress shirt that sat for 2 weeks - MIRACLE
5	I am forever looking for the perfect Dry Cleaners. So when I had a very expensive suit that needed to be cleaned I could not just trust anyone to do it.So I Yelped Dry cleaners to find who was the best.What did I find??? American Dry Cleaners ! A great review from many different people. So I knew something had to be good,plus they were the only one with so many good reviews.So I took the suit there to American Dry cleaners. The lady was so nice. She assured me all would be well and the 100% made in Italy suit would not shrink.From reading the reviews I knew the couple I saw were the owners.The next week I came in to pick up the suit. Before I said a word,the lady remembered me and the item I had brought in.This had been 5 days ago! Awesome memory I say.The fire Dept was dropping off their uniforms to be cleaned and the Police were picking theirs up from being cleaned.Another really good sign.When I go the suit home,it was perfect. It did not shrink as she promised and they had hung it on a hanger that puffs it out so it does not get points ,and even stuffed the sleeves with tissue to keep it nice. This is for sure the best place to go for wonderful Dry Cleaning. They are incredible!!!The sign in the front only says Cleaners( it does not say American).So you may be thrown off at first. It is in a little shopping center next to an animal hospital and an Italian restaurant.It looks very plain inside and out. But, what a great job they do. So much to be said for local , family owned.
4	If the "price range" still shows a bunch of dollar signs, it's wrong - this place is very reasonably priced!I've had nothing but good experiences coming here. The staff is friendly, the service is prompt, and they stand by their American values: Discounts and a special desk with discounts for men and women in uniform.My dress shirts came back cleaned and pressed just right and pants were dry cleaned well too. You might not see this place from the street, but the service and value definitely stand out to me!
5	I found these cleaners through Yelp recommendations, and have been using them for about a year now. They are friendly, affordable, timely, and everything you want in a dry cleaning service. About a month ago, I dropped off a vintage coat. When I returned to pick it up, they said that they hadn't cleaned it, because the lining was damaged and they were worried that the process might damage it more. I told them that I would risk it, and left it with them again. When I returned to pick up the coat the second time, I was told that I wasn't paying for it, because of my having to come pick it up twice. I said that it was fine, but they insisted. I don't usually write reviews, but this above-and-beyond level of customer satisfaction deemed one.
5	I have tried many different dry cleaners and laundry services over the 17 years that I have lived in the Phoenix area.  "American Dry Cleaners" does an excellent job with making my clothes look like new!  Their customer service is awesome!  They have helped me out on my tight schedule by getting a tuxedo shirt done in a few hours just before a performance.   They are a real blessing!  Beware of the directions here in yelp as they are wrong!  They are actually located just North of McDowell on 82nd Place (lighted intersection) behind a pet clinic.  The side of the store says in big letters "  EANERS", as the CL are missing due to a recent window break.  Although the window was promptly repaired, the letters are missing, but it's o.k., as it adds to the character of the place which is quaint and very friendly.  LOVE this place!
5	I've been taking my dry cleaning here for the past few years and couldn't be happier.  They do good work, are fairly priced, and are nice people.  Glad to support this local business.
5	This was my first time using their services, and followed everyone's positive recommendations of this place. Everyone's positive reviews were spot on! I found the staff to be very friendly, and they did a great job on the clothes. I will definitely be returning, and would recommend their services.
5	The sweetest people! They made me feel right at home after moving to scottsdale and having no clue where to go for dry cleaning. Went here based off of previous yelp reviews. She was getting my stuff for me in the back as I was pulling up and walking in-even just after meeting me once when I dropped my stuff off. Very reasonable prices too! I will never go anywhere else!
5	They are the nicest people and run a wonderful business. This is by far the best dry cleaner I've found in the area. They really take care of my clothes and get out stains with ease. The turn around time is usually quick too and I have tendency to bring in a lot of clothes at once. Haven't gone anywhere else since I found American almost 2 years ago!
1	I was looking for a cleaners who could clean and restore a child's dress that is 46 years old.  Whoever answered hung up on me the first time and said she couldn't hear me.  The second time she was just plain out rude and I asked who she was and were they in the business of getting new business or was she having a bad day and she hung up on me again.  Totally unacceptable!!!  This person couldn't even answer a question civilly.  Sylvia S.
5	This place does an outstanding job and the prices are great too. They take great care of military and veterans. Every time I am here I see Law Enforcement folks picking up or dropping off their uniforms. Love this spot. Outstanding dry cleaning service and customer service by the lady who works here is perfection. They do accept cards but Cash is better! The location is not great just because it's easy to drive past it without noticing but definitely would recommend these guys.
4	My experience is limited but highly positive. Alterations are reasonably priced and well done. my limited but long term experiences is they are the best value in S Scottsdale
