5	Great food at a reasonable price.  Ask for a grilled chicken salad with grilled veggies.  It is outstanding!!  Great addition to the Vision Offices
5	Absolutely love this place! Their food is amazing and they also have the best presentation! The Belly rewards are a great addition as well!
5	Great food! It's a shame I didn't know about this place sooner. I live down the street  and came here for lunch...sandwich and salad was delicious. I will definitely have to come back for breakfast soon.Great prices for such quality food
5	A bit hard to find, but its a gem and totally worth it! I got the club sandwich and it was great! All the meat is fresh and very good! Definitely will be returning again soon!
5	Perfectly fresh, healthy food! Amazing lunch spot. The location is a bit odd, but the food makes it worth the trip to look for it. Try to kale salad and the carrot juice. So good!
5	This place is quite amazing!!! Their food is fresh (trust me, you can taste the freshness in every bite), and their food options are healthy (another big win for me -- yay!) So far I've had a protein shake (get "The Breakfast Jolt"), breakfast burrito, and banana nut muffin... All were excellent choices and didn't disappoint. Everything here is made in-house, fresh to order and from scratch, so you know it's not packed with icky preservatives and stuff you don't want. The owner is really awesome and friendly, as well as the staff, and they make you feel welcome... I imagine it's how Rachel, Ross, Chandler, Joey, Phoebe, and Monica felt in "Friends" when they would go to "Central Perk". All in all, it's a great place, and I highly recommend it!!!
5	Nearly impossible to find, but well worth it once you have! Great selection of salads and sandwiches, and extremely reasonable prices as well. Wife had an eggplant parmesan sandwich, and I had the Italian Meatball sandwich. Fantastic. Really tasty, authentic flavorings. Place has a laid back, cool atmosphere as well. 6 thumbs up on this joint, try it out. (Directions- From Frank Lloyd Wright heading east, turn right on Redfield, first driveway on your right gets you into the Visions Center. Park, walk to center of building, downstairs. Elevator access too).
1	My wife and I were both sick to our stomachs after eating here.
5	Nice little deli/cafe with plenty of outside seating in the shade. I had their signature sandwich which was fantastic. It's super hard to find if your not familiar with the area. Hidden Gem! I will definitely be back.
2	Heard so many good things about this place. I just wish they were open on the weekend.
2	I just don't understand how there are so many good reviews. It's average in taste, impossible to find, and offers a very limited variety of food. Wasted my time coming here I think.
4	I don't love Fox restaurants as much as the average Phoencian but this one I do really like. Great location, consistent excellent service, some dishes you can't find anywhere else around here and everything tastes wonderful.
