4	mega desert oasis resort......luxurious...clean....refreshing getaway resort with a view of the vegas strip....located about 17 miles from the strip....ultimate spa treatment....18 hole golf.....fishing...kayaks..boating..or even a lake mead cruise....pools and cabanas.....this is a change from my typical vegas strip business trip.....the biggest surprise?....no casino...no gambling...no smell of smoke in the air....it's relaxation and serenitity in vegas....but....little disappointing for me....since...i'm fond of cards and wagers....
1	As a local in las vegas, I find that the Loews Lake Las Vegas Resort is a dump. It bought out what used to be the Hyatt which was much better at running it and keeping it clean. I went there last weekend and it was dirty, with trash all over the property. Although, the resturant is okay and I've heard that the rooms are decent for the price.
4	I've stayed here twice.  Once in the summer when it was still the hyatt and once in the winter.  I loved my stay here both times.  Summer time I was able to swim in the lake with my daughter and play in the sand which she loves to do.  The rooms were great we had the suite with two room one with the bed and the other a living room area.  Love just lounging in the room and in the main hall area.  The hotel is so relaxing.  Sitting inside or outside with a drink and a snack was the best.  By the way I love how the shower curtain is pushed out which gives you so much room in their.  I'm actually going to get one for my bathroom.  Love the place, no casino which was fine for me (family relaxing trip) beautiful views of the lake. Very Kid friendly.    Four Stars.
4	A friend and I stayed here over New Years.  Loved it.  Totally dog friendly, beautiful rooms, great staff, lovely setting, deliciously comfortable beds, flat screen TVs, and a kick-ass coffee maker in the room.   There's no casino and it IS pretty remote, but I didn't mind that because it was so peaceful and relaxing.  For New Years, they put on a dandy fireworks display at midnight, so that was festive.  I've deducted a star for two reasons.  1) the Automated Express Checkout didn't work, and we were in a hurry, so that was a little irritating.  And 2) when we checked in, we asked for a garden level room, because we had dogs with us.  The desk clerk said that there weren't any garden level rooms, with that tone of voice that customer service people use when they think you're an idiot, but they don't want to show it.  So we were up on the 6th floor, which was kind of tough on my friend's little dog, who had a UTI and needed to wee constantly.  But what really tore it was that when we walked the dogs, we saw what looked like several rooms on the ground level with sliding doors that led outside.To me, that's garden level.  SO, either the desk clerk didn't know what "garden level" meant, or he meant that there weren't any available, or he inexplicably lied to us.  We didn't follow up on it, since we were only there for less than a day and a half.  Other than that, the staff and site were topnotch.
4	Stayed here for the memorial day weekend.  First time in the Lake Las Vegas Area.....impressed.  The ultimate resort for the family.  If  you have Kids....HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  Rooms are spacious enough...Decor is modern.  Everything from the pool to the restaurants are kid friendly.  Believe me....nothing worse than going to a place and getting the STARES from other patrons regarding your kids.  Here is completely different.  So refreshing.  Staff was UBER Friendly and helpful....say comparable to the Halekulani in Oahu....Negatives?  Not much other than $22 resort fees, $15 valet fees, oh yeah....for an emergency meal for the kids they charged $25 for a CUP of miso soup and side of rice from their 4-Diamond Restaurant Marssa... ................  Im not a math major, nor am I a cheapskate....  memo to Loews.....ARE  YOU F$CKING KIDDING ME?!?!?!??!
3	I live in the Lake Las Vegas area so this review is just for the pool.I stopped by the pools today with some family to enjoy music, food, and the heat. Overall, we had a great time. The water seemed more cold than normal but it wasn't unbearable, it was actually quite nice paired with the heat today. There was a DJ for the 3 hours I was there and he played music for everyone: rap, hip-hop, country, oldies, etc. I thought that was very considerate of him. We ordered food and the menu seemed cheap also. I ordered chicken tenders with ranch and fries and they were good. I also ordered a bloody mary, mild w the spice, extra olives and extra limes (I know, "WE GOT A COMPLICATED ORDER!").  My mom and I are very sensitive to hot sauce, pepper, etc. I think the only down part was our drinks being incredibly spicy, which we watered down significantly, and all the little kids running around. The little kids has nothing to do with the establishment. I'm the eldest of 7 and have not had to deal with little kids for a very long time, I'm just a jerk :). The water slide is also pretty cool!
4	I just returned home after staying here Friday - Sunday night for my fiance's yearly work retreat. I must stay I was really excited to stay here after perusing through the website, yet although the place was still very nice, it also seemed a bit of a let down. The bed however was very comfy (thank goodness since I spent one whole day sleeping) and the room nice with two flat screen tv's and a mini Keurig coffee maker. They also have a fridge and YAY 24-hour room service. Although the room service food didn't blow me away (cheeseburger) it was pretty tasty and OH MY GOSH THE PICKLE!!! It was like a mini canoe and I happily chowed away on it; a meal in itself. The grounds were nice and spread out just enough without being ridiculous. I had breakfast at Rick's Cafe this morning and had a great bagel and lox. My only complaint is that they have attack birds, so should you choose to accept your mission of eating outside, bring a weapon. THEY DO NOT FEAR YOU. As someone who generally despises LV it was nice to stay somewhere smoke and drama free. It is a good $60/30-45 minute cab ride to the strip however, so if you're planning on going for a show or anything, be mindful of travel time. I would've loved to have checked out the spa, but apparently my interests in sleeping outweighed the ability to pick up the phone and schedule anything that required me leaving the room.
5	Beatiful hotel. Nice & quiet out of Vegas but not too far
4	Very good hotel in a bankrupt depressing ghost town. I stayed here because I was traveling with a 4-month-old Border Collie puppy and he would not have appreciated the concrete and noise of the Strip. The hotel is nice, the service is good, the room service food was good (the hotel doesn't have any outdoor restaurants that allow dogs, so I ate in the room), and everyone is friendly. However, the overall Lake Las Vegas development went bankrupt, leaving behind $1 billion in debt. The hotel is surrounded by bulldozed bare earth pads that were supposed to contain condos. The condo complexes that were actually built were about 5 percent occupied in October 2010. The hotel across the lake closed. The casino across the lake closed. It feels as though the entire area is going to be taken over by coyotes within the next 5-10 years.[If you're traveling with a dog, there is a great dog park in Henderson about 10 minutes from this hotel. It is in Heritage Park on Racetrack Rd.]
5	I must say that I have never been services the way Loews Hotel staff served me. I was there for a work training 2 nights. The hotel staffs are very friendly and helpful. One of their staff took the time to show me the place even if it's all the way on the other side. Amazing customer service. Hotel is nice, service is excellent, room service is good, and the food is great. However, the only downside I think is probably that there is NO CASINO.. :-) Overall they are great and I won't hesitate to go there again next year.
5	outstanding customer service very friendly staff
5	There are no words that can express the gratitude i feel towards this amazing resort!I got married here about 6 months ago and every time I look back at on my special day - I couldn't imagine it being anywhere else!Loews is by far the most perfect venue for a wedding or even a quick getaway!  It really is a paradise in the desert....Charlie(Charlotte) and Alison were our conference manager and they are the BEST!! Not exaggerating but they really are!!!  Without them, our wedding wouldn't have been as perfect as it was!We had our wedding rehearsal dinner at Rick's Cafe, it was SOOOOO delicious! Everyone who attended said they felt like they having a wedding meal! Better than some of the weddings they've been to!  I would have to agree!  It was a great way to start off the wedding weekend!  A lot of our guests enjoyed having the breakfast buffet the morning of the wedding here as well.Now, if you ever cant decide on all the meal options when it comes to the wedding menu... CHOOSE THE STATION BUFFET!!!!  You will not regret it!  Everyone left our wedding feeling sooo satisfied and it was definitely one of the raves!  The venue even made a specialty wedding drink for us as well - Merry Me Midori Sour!Not only are they accommodating with their wedding services, by also with ALL other services!  My zipper came apart a few days before the wedding and my husband I were scheduled to do a pre wedding photo shoot.  Sure enough, the resort had their on call seamstress sew me into my gown!!!!!! It was AWESOME!!!  Everyone fears and talks about how stressful a bride can be on her special day.  Thanks to the Loews, Charlie and Allison - I truly and honestly can say that I felt nothing more than a blissful bride!  They truly took cared of everything!  Placing the menu cards, programs, favors etc... EVERYTHING!All and All, The Loews is the best thing that we could've done for our wedding.. After six months, every memory from our wedding are still so vivid!!  Thank you thank you and thank you!!!
4	My review is really more like 3.5 stars, but as that is not an option, I'll be generous and round up. I stayed here for almost a week when my company hosted an event here. The pictures on the website got me excited since it looked gorgeous. In real life, while the hotel is definitely nice and beautifully decorated, the surrounding area is a ghost town. Lake Las Vegas was built during the last stages of the real estate boom and as such was the first to fall. Gorgeous vacant homes are surrounded by brown, dying, bankrupt golf courses. There is a little "village" of shops nearby that was completely empty of shoppers and restaurant patrons on a saturday night. The casino down the road has closed as well. So, while Loews is very pretty and richly laid out, it's a bit like the one live flower in a field of dying ones. Surrounding area aside, the place is huge and the service is good. The restaurants have great (albeit pricey) food, which is good because they're going to be your only options unless you want to drive outside of the entire Lake Las Vegas area into Henderson. The bar closed super early as well, so I managed to get plenty of sleep!Overall I had a good experience, but unless I was specifically looking for a secluded, no night life vacation, I would not come to stay here outside of business.
5	We had a fantastic trip at Loews Lake Las Vegas Resort. The service was great and the food was phenmonal! There is so much to do at Lake Las Vegas up in the village and there is swimming and canoe and kayaking. We had a blast plus the view is breathtaking
4	i like it,it was a great getaway trip here,great service,great facilities,and great viewS! but it was such a dead town.but i dont mind.it's what i chose for my vacation and nothing disappoint me but the spa,not the spa but the service session...such a waste of time and money,u got nothing but light touching,i told her but nothing different.she kept on pulling the sheet to keep it tight during the service..it's ridiculous! 50mins gone fast,u know that...i felt irritated.5stars for the hotel+services3stars for spa experience.( i should have just hang out at the pool better)special thks to Bert,thks for upgrading my room.i got wonderful view with partio instead of parking lot view( which is resort view) He's there at 11pm-7am.nobody is as nice as him,not only about upgrading but also he was very sweet and welcome u.he asked me how did i know about the hotel,he said i'm gonna have a good time here,he mentioned about Hoover dam it's very close..and much more info that u dint even think about but he covers everything.and he was just a front desk person but covers all info that reservation cant even give me!!!!! How great!! i called a few time before making reservation,got totally different experience talking to other staffs.was not rude but can feel by the sound that they got irritated by my question which were very simple like prices and youperks(the perk program they have),activities and cancellation.they werent very helpful.again not helpful at all.beside one girl at the front desk in the evening around 4pm i dont know who.or her name..but she has such a wonderful attitude too!!i studied hotel management too,customers are not god but we tried to give them the best experience we could.so Bert and another girl at 4pm are the best!!!!!pools are great,drinks are bad.i mean it tasted bad LOL...but i dint mind.it's like drinking juice which i prefer but u ordered alcohol of course u expect a little bit of a liquor taste..hahaha dinning is really expensive but heard it's wonderful there.i went to strip.so i dont knowoverall will go back again cuz i can bring my pet for free with the YOUPERK  program.good deal!pets are the most expensive when u travel so this is a real deal.oh dont forget $22 resort fee,so u get wi-fi,parking,and use of hotel facilities,aminities...bring your own water cuz it's $5 a bottle.. :D
4	We've been here a few times with our boys and on our own. With or without our children the stay was enjoyable! The property is clean & beautifully located on Lake Las Vegas. It really gives you a sense of being away with the convenience of being 20 minutes out of town! They have a fantastic family pool area, a beach entrance area on the lake and a upper pool area if you're staying without the kids! The restaurants are a bit limited if you want to stay at the hotel the entire time, especially when we had our children with us. It's perfect for a "staycation", but if they want to attract someone other than locals they should try to provide some sort of evening entertainment. A Saturday night DJ or a Lakeside band would be ideal because once you've spent the day in the sun & eaten your supper there's really nothing left to do.
4	My wife and I stayed one night because we've always wanted to stay at Lake Las Vegas. We checked the place out several years ago when it was new and had a casino, restaurants, and shops.  Now it's a ghost town. Nice place if you like solitude. We drove back into Henderson to gamble, eat, and shop. The next night we stayed at the new Aria on the strip and it was fantastic. We've been to LV over 40 times so we've stayed at most of the hotels. We're glad we tried the Loews once but we like to be closer to the action so we won't be going back. We've also tried the Loews Resort in Tucson and it was very nice, but isolated too.
5	What a great little hotel.  Calm, quiet, easy.  Having a full house here this week.  We decided to crash at Loewes for a few nights while the family used the house.  Great idea.  The suite was perfect.  The alcove in the room was just neat as all gettup.  And omg... The blinds kept the sun out.  It is 9AM and pitch dark in our room.
5	If you are looking for a peaceful vacation getaway with the family, chocked full of out door amenities--multiple pools, lake activities, golf, etc.  This is your spot.  If you are looking for a romantic get away, where you can lounge, literally recline by a fountain, fire in the middle, and view a picturesque horizon, or rent a private cabana pool side.  This is your spot.  30 feet sliding glass doors bring the outside in.  And they manage it well for the temperature.  Literally every time I walked out of the hotel, whether on the one of the 3 decks over looking the lake or to my car, I just had to smile at how beautiful the desert landscape of mountains in the distance is.  Restaurants are great.  Bar Staff is awesome and amazingly can serve literally a 50 people counter service, deliver the food, and never miss a beat to serve the next person standing at the bar.  Jon is the master of the bar---remembers everyone's names and drinks, even days, months  later.   Piano Bar Karaoke some nights even makes for fun.  Great atmosphere over all.  Rooms are big and and comfy.   Request a room on the back if you can with big picture windows overlooking the lake.  Keep in mind....no gambling out that way, no night clubs.   But it is so nice to be away from the glare of the strip and just hit that when you really want it. Wifi is free in lobby and public areas and rooms. Cell coverage can be sketchy depending on what side of the building you are on.
5	Wow! What a find. This place is great for families. The pool kept our kids busy for days. My son loved the water slides, putting greens, canoes... you name it, this place had it. My wife and I would stayed for another week if we could. Our kids were so happy here.The rooms were nicely decorated in a North African theme. Located off of the strip, this resort is a reflection of the great deals you can find in Vegas these days. There isn't any gambling nearby, but who cares when you can land at a five-star resort for under $100.
3	ok-This was a good place for kids. The rooms are dated and pricey compared to newer hotels in vegas. Lots of things to do during the day. Nothing really to do at night.
5	I stayed here this past week for a conference, and it was a Las Vegas breath of fresh air.  From the moment you enter the Lake Las Vegas drive, you instantly forget that you are in the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas.  From the friendly valet and bellman, helpful front desk agents, and attentive room service operator, this hotel has top-notch, classy employees.  My favorite part about the resort was the panoramic view from the lobby over the lake.  It is truly breathtaking in the early morning if you are a morning person.  The Spa was good, but not great, but overall, I had a wonderful experience and hope to go back soon.
4	Wow! let me tell you... I go to Vegas a lot and I find it really hectic to be around all these people for New Years, but this year decided to go to this resort in Henderson and it was quite an experience. If you are more of a conservative type of person I would suggest you come check this place out!Positive: Very small and cozy resort, a lot of locals.Negatives: Far from the strip, video (poker, blackjack, ect)... although I won pretty big I prefer to know they really shuffle the cards lol.This area has a lot of mansions around the area, but I read that this area was hit hard when the recession started and that many places around the area are in debt.
2	Slow, slow, slow.  Place was a ghost town.  Service was poor, facilities seemed in need of maintenance and repair.  I wonder how long until the Lake Las Vegas hotels change brands again or just shut down altogether.  The golf course looked like they were just letting return to desert.
4	This is for the area only:The lake is awesome!  I've been here a few times and it is a beautiful sight.  Quite a ways from the city, but it's a nice drive to a little "oasis".  I've tried a few of the eats in the area and it is a bit pricey from what am used to, but the food is good nonetheless.  Also, there's a bunch of activities to partake in, no matter what your age is.  They even have ice skating here in the winter and fireworks to watch on new years.  I actually prefer their fireworks over the strip one but that's just me.  Nice place and one of these days I plan to stay on the lake and really get to experience the Loews Resort in it's entirety.
4	Spent a week at Lowes for a meeting and the hotel was great!  Didn't get to use the pools but took a walk around and they looked great!  Service and food was great throughout my time there (except the 24 hour resturant which was pretty much all pre-made food and fruit cups).  Rooms where clean and well maintained, along with the rest of the hotel.  Bartenders and waitresses where very nice and fun to talk to...  the drinks where well made too!  Here are the drawbacks however.  Way too far from the city ($90-$100 cab fair)!  They have a shuttle but it runs only 2 times a day at wierd times (who wants to come home from Vegas at 11:00pm?).  The local "town" should be call the local "ghost town" because there is no body there.  They will give a free shuttle to another local hotel so you can gamble but it is all video... including blackjack and other card games.  I don;t know about you, but I don't trust video blackjack games and everybody in our group lost!  The other let down is that they closed the golf course.  It was sad to see a yellow, dying course just sitting there!  In review... great place to get away at a good price as long as you do not want to gamble or play golf (or see many other people)!
2	We were there the first weekend that they transitioned to "Westin Lake Las Vegas"The Westin Lake Las Vegas is for one group of people. You are in this group if you have the following:-kids-love of water-love of the outside-doesn't do anything in the room but sleepAs long as you meet all of those requirements, then this resort is for you. If it rains, like it did on the second day of our trip, then you are screwed. There is nothing to do besides the pools and lake and the activities on the lake. Luckily, the Las Vegas strip is 30 minutes away, so we ditched the good ole soggy lake and hit the casino. Now I am not the type to stay away from the room. I want my room to have a garden bath tub, a view and lots of space. The Westin is none of these. Our room was small, dark, dirty and old. And we paid extra to have this room. Yeah.....like I said we ditched it after 1 night.....not just because of the rain. There were so many mosquitoes in the room that I had to stand on the bed with a wad of toilet paper and kill them. I didn't succeed in getting all of them which resulted in many bites in the morning. The rooms should come with a mosquito net. Also, I'm only 5'6....I shouldn't be able to stand on a full bed and reach the ceiling...but I guess I didn't mention the drop ceiling in our tiny room. The lake and the activities are nice, I would have liked to take the kids down to the lake for the fire and s'mores, but it's not worth the dirty room. I would rather stay in a tent.
4	I spent over a month at this location and it is an oasis in the middle of the desert.  There isn't a casino in this hotel and mainly the pool and lake are the main activities here.  They also host many conferences and workshops and have multiple meeting rooms of various sizes.  The food and bar options are decent but nothing outstanding.  There is a casino and small shopping "village" at one of the nearby hotels but it never seemed crowded in this area so if you're looking to escape the hustle and bustle of the strip then this might be the sanctuary your looking for.  Personally I found this area to be pretty boring after a few days but it would be a nice spot for families with children.
5	This is my "go to" place when I need renewal.  The view of the mountains from the rooms is spectacular.  It's an easy walk to the village.  Quiet without the flash and glitz of the Strip yet close enough to go in for a show or gambling.Food is outstanding and the bar and wait staff are the best. (try the strawberry basil mojito !)I think I just talked myself into a vacation !!!
