4	This is a preview review. I just so happened to walked by 2 hours after JoBot opened. The building itself has gone through a complete overhaul (since HoodRide vacated) and it's beautiful. There is a big looong bar lined  with bar stools so you can "belly up" while you wait for your drinks. There will be an entire room built later but for now the stools work just fine.There was wi-fi but no stereo (which I presume will be installed soon enough). Equally so far (there is another room yet to open) it's not all that laptop friendly (few outlets).JoBot is owned/run by John who owned/ran Conspire Coffee just down the street so it's the same great coffee.
5	Hands down my favorite coffee shop in town. They used to be located inside the Conspire art collective but have now moved into the old Hood Rides digs up the block and it's awesome.Plenty of seating room at the bar and also a really cool little room next door  where you can pull up a seat and hang out. From what I understand there will be seating outside too.Most importantly however is the coffee. They use a special mix roasted specially by Cartel. I'll be the first to admit I'm no coffee connoisseur but I do know this, every drink I've had, no matter who's behind the bar has been perfect. Not burnt, not too sweet, and not a hint of pretentiousness.Sooooo, why go to S-word Bucks when you can get a better cup of coffee up the street. Oh and for those of us who burn the midnight oil on more than a few occasions, they're open until 12am EVERY night.
3	First off, what a great addition to the neighborhood. We needed a coffee shop that wasn't a weird, haphazard array of junk scattered about(Conspire.) We also needed to be rid of that shiester Derek who ran Hoodride, so 5 stars for Jobot for killing two birds with one stone. This is actually a neat little coffee shop with a bar where you can sit and feel like you are at the pub but drink coffee instead. I haven't seen a coffee counter since Drip on 7th Street closed. Huge kudos for that and another five stars.Unfortunately, they were out of coffee on my visit. The guy behind the counter was very cordial and offered to brew a pot but I was in a bit of a rush to get back to work. I was happy to order an Americano, but I felt that still charging me full price for it was kind of unfortunate, and the quality and taste was less than exceptional. Generally, if a place is out of something, they will offer you something else and charge you the price of what you originally wanted. And generally, a two-shot Americano will keep me feeling awake and energetic, but this was very watered down and didn't taste that great either.I'll definitely hang out here when I need a fix, but more because it's just a neat little place, and not because of it's coffee. Otherwise, Giant and Lux are far superior when it comes to the drinks and they are a little fancier.
5	jobot is an amazing addition to downtown phoenix, and in my opinion, the best new coffee shop. also, derrick is AWESOME and if anyone needs a new bike or their old bike fixed, he is still an integral part of downtown phoenix so hit him up.....
5	Jobot serves a mean iced toddy.  I drink one daily.  It's smooth and strong, but not bitter at all.  The restoration on the former Hood Ride is amazing.  I love the color scheme, the long bar, and the patio.  It was so great to bike by there and see people on  the pation with their laptops today.  I make the effort to go here before work to get my iced toddy, and that says a lot.  I can't wait until it's FINALLY cool enough to savor some of their hot coffee drinks.
5	In love with Jo....but he's part Bot....man vs machine....can I have both?:/The new space is mighty fine.Delicious coffee! Delightful! Divine!My favorite part is the new patio a go go! and the spare room for "chillin" with your iced-mocha with soy no whip extra shot double pumped caffeine feind shaken not stirred yes please and thank you!So tute!Also..the best part, it knows what it is:  unpretentious furnishings and VIBE. I like this place. I love my Bots.
5	I had previously edited this review due to the building owner (not the business owner mind you) being very pet UNfriendly and not allowing dog on the property/patio. I guess the business owner has come to an agreement with the building owner ... not sure what that is but, the place does deserve a 5 star not withstanding.
5	I've enjoyed coffee here since before they moved next to The Lost Leaf in the old Hoodride location. The new location is sweet. You can post up at the bar with your laptop probably next to some cute girl with her laptop, or chill out front on the patio. But back to the liquid gold which is their coffee. Since I don't live to close to downtown, I usually buy a pound of beans to french press at home. When I'm in the neighborhood, I drink their Americano's which when I was recently in Seattle, I could not find one that compares to JoBots. Seriously, they take their beans serious. I've purchased some when they were roasted the day before, mmmmmmmmmm. I think they are adding food soon and are working on their kitchen now. There is also a cute little art gallery next door (in the same building) where you can sip away they day looking at Casebeer and Randals art. I think Randal is a barista there also. Best porch in Phoenix.
5	Best coffee I've had in my life. Used to enjoy it at Conspire, very happy he has a bigger location with more seating and a wonderful patio to people watch on 5th st.Did I mention best coffee I've had in my life?Great fit for the neighbourhood, glad to have you, JoBot!
5	An interesting little surprise on a First Friday--the electric blue neon letters spelled out my beacon when searching for something to drink.  Small businesses don't get much smaller.  Inside is about as unassuming as you can get.  The bar splits the old duplex's front room in a strictly utilitarian fashion.  Bottles of Monin flavor syrup crowd one side, a vintage ice machine near a single cash register and a small hand-drawn menu on the wall round the place out.   The raw entrepreneurial spirit that adds to the late night fare downtown can be pretty inspiring sometimes, and I'm kicking myself for not doing it first.  I reasoned downtown didn't need another coffee shop, and I was proven wrong with a place that fills a void I didn't know existed.What I like about this place is what's not here.  There are no knick-knacks to up-sell, nothing that beckons the over-done scenes found at coffeehouses elsewhere.  There's nothing to take away from a kickass cup of coffee when you want it except what appeared to be a delightful-looking waffle-cone carried out of the back.  The place was *swamped* on First Friday, but despite the rush it never once felt claustrophobic.  The line shuffled quickly, and my drink was made lickety split, faster than other coffee shops that have a fraction of the crowd.  It arrived so fast, I actually didn't believe it was mine, especially when it seemed the barista was new.  A good sign for his future there.  The cashier was friendly and we welcomed each other to the neighborhood.  She made sure I got my 10th JoBot Free card.  But you know what the best part was?   I casually noted the price of the large $4 latte.  I can't drink cow's milk, so I get soy.  And coffee is just boring without a flavor shot.  Anywhere else I go, that "$4" drink is at least $6.  At JoBot, it was still $4.  When she told me that, I had been repeatedly counting my dollar bills, pondering the final damage of my add-ons.  Needless to say, I didn't believe her.  Practically everything has its catch, its obnoxious little down-side.  Except JoBot.  Thank you Mr. Sagasta.10/10.
5	I am hesitant to even review JoBot Coffee.It's one of those situations where I'm caught in a catch 22: i want their business to flourish, but i want it to remain sparse and not overpopulated with d-bags.however they need the publicity and support so i will go ahead and sing my praises. JoBot for me, reprsents Israel. Now hear me out on this one Goyim:  If Phoenix is a metaphor for the world, and people like me, i.e. stylish intelligent cultured 20 something yr olds supposed hipsters persecuted as such a metaphor for the diaspora of jewish peoples than JoBot coffee would be our zion. You look about and as far as the gates of their partially sheltered courtyard extend you will see nothing but my peoples, heads bowed in solemn respect that denote caffeine addiction and apple computer usage, the cool kids vonnegut readers, cigarette tokers, friends of vegan and pescatarian alike. This place is my canaan in a fiesty world of jack boot goose stepping fascists in lifted trucks and tribal tattoo arm bands who'd just as soon shout a slur at me on my bike or rocket off a monster energy drink at the back of my head. JoBot is my shelter from the storm. and i sincerely hope it remains that way.
5	I work for the Phoenix Fire Department and you will see me here almost every Saturday night. The coffee is exceptional and the customer service is alwyas nice. Its a nonpretentious douchebag place and the vibe is no corporate. Its a nice change of pace in my life and I enjoy it. You will also find me here now on random nights with my laptop watching a movie and enjoying a coffee as I am just so relaxed when I am here.Great coffee, good atmosphere and a great addition to downtown,,
5	This is no corporate coffee house!  This is de-frickin-licious coffee!  Crepes...TRY THE CREPES!  Heaven!
4	I love the atmosphere, the indoor and outdoor seating and the crepes are OUT OF THIS WORLD!!  I would give them a five except they don't have decaf coffee of any kind.  As someone who (for health reasons) has to have decaf, this one little thing will make or break a place for me.  I know most of the coffee-drinking world doesn't care, but for me it's the difference between four and five stars.  I even toyed with the idea of giving them three because of it, but I have to give kudos for being independent, supporting local arts, and everything else about the place is wonderful.  Luckily I live in SD so the loss of my coffee dollar is not a big deal.  : )  I will, however, get at least one crepe every time I can while I'm there!!
5	It was a great pause when I looked at those stars for rating. Today would count as "as good as it gets", so I'll go with the 5 stars.I'm not a coffee maven, I'm not an urbanista, I find that people like to meet over coffee and so I generally go with it, but I'm fine with the press stuff I make at home.Well, until now.I'll make it short. I really really loved my latte, I have little to compare it to, but whatever it compares to others I enjoyed the heck out of it. It was like foam coffee ambrosia.They have crepes. I'd been hearing love poems written to their crepes by picky people, so I decided against making my own breakfast today and had their crepe THAT SHOULD BE NAMED MONTE CRISTO. Has all the correct parts; smoked turkey,melted cheese, a fried to perfection egg and crepe instead of French Toast, dusted with powdered sugar, raspberry jam on the side.Okay JoBot, I can see how cutesy pootsey names might not be part of your business strategy, but damn man, give that crepe a name and make part sound like "Monte Cristo" and you'll find us folks who pine for a good MC will be giddy about what y'all can do for crepes.I'll be back to name all the others I saw on the board and coveted, too. Rest assured.
5	Stopped @ Jobot for Beats -n-brunch after a great bike ride with some friends.  The place was slammed, which is great to see.  We pulled together several tables for our large group, but my friend who lives a few doors down had to bring some folding chairs from her house.The food:  a friend and I split the Monte Cristo crepe (canadian bacon, smoked turkey, egg, swiss cheese with a side of raspberry preserves) and the cannoli crepe (sweet ricotta, shaved almonds and chocolate chips).  Both were wonderful, but we especially loved the Monte Cristo.  The tunes were great.  I went next door to Made and bought a magazine, and we hung out for quite a while.  The pedestrian and bicycle traffic on 5th St. made us feel like we were in a real city with genuine community.  Lots of people had their small dogs on leashes, too, which was fun to see.
4	The ice coffee is SO good I drank it straight! Nuff said.
4	I love this straightforward, no nonsense approach to GOOD coffee. The neighborhood/location can't be beat if you're looking for a hip and casual spot to sip your latte. The prices seem right in the same range as all my other favorite coffee houses in town, and I love the next door art gallery where you can sit down with your brew. I've been to JoBot a couple of times, both in November, when it was a fairly new place, and the service seemed a little bit strained. Like, maybe I wasn't enough of a regular to receive the welcoming happy help that the other patrons at the bar were getting. Regardless, I would return to see how things have progressed in the last few months, and try out the patio.I haven't been in Phoenix long, but sitting in that side room of this renovated house, with open windows and curtains blowing in the breeze, that is what I imagined I was moving West for.
4	Good drip coffee. Bold.Good crepe. Big and filling.Great scone.Nice location.A bit spacey on the service.
5	Love love love.My morning addiction. Coffee is excellent, boys are always entertaining, crepes are deeeelish, music is awesome, and I can hole up in the cute little living room and work while I get jacked up on caffeine. Oh! And the oatmeal too! Mmmmm...This is a REAL coffee shop. The kind where people have conversations and you run into people you know - or meet new friends. If you suck, please don't ever, ever come here and feng up our shui. JoBot - I love you.
5	Alright, so there's no way I can get around to saying this without coming across like kind of a douche:  Jobot hits all the right notes, like a very good European coffee bar.There's enough room to hang out, but not enough room to encourage the sprawl of a Lux-esque MacBook party.  You can still get some work done, but the space just isn't set up in a way that allows to abuse their hospitality by using the bar as your office.It can also be a very social spot, with room at the bar to chat, or plenty of comfy furniture outside and in the adjoined extra room to relax,  but the baristas can all also pull a good shot of espresso (looking at you here, Fair Trade).They've got toddy - tasty, cold-brewed coffee - which is a prerequisite of being a good coffee shop in Phoenix (or anywhere in the summer, really).And the food?  The baked goods are tasty, but the crepes are fantastic, whether your craving the sweet or the savory.
4	A Phoenix coffee shop open past 9pm? Praise the baby Jesus!
4	The lattes here are great - they are my #2 favorite in all of Phoenix and are one of the reasons (Royal being the other) that I was finally able to quit Starbucks for good!  I usually get the white mocha which isn't too sweet.  I also really enjoy their chai - its not from some sugar loaded concentrate crap and you can actually taste the spices!  I've been meaning to try the toddy and will get around to it now that its warmer. Great espresso aside - going here makes me feel kind of lame.  I feel like everyone here knows each other!  The baristas all know every other customer and everyone is waving to each other and talking to each other and I'm just here  alone. Playing Scrabble on my phone. This coffee shop is one of the most hipster filled places I have ever been to and it fun to people watch and oogle at the cute fixie bikes.  On Sunday mornings they have a live DJ.
4	Alright, I should hardly be reviewing this place since all I had was one iced Chai Tea Latte and an Apple/Granola Crepe...but I had to say something about it.  What I have to say is finally!!!...There is finally a place on Roosevelt and/or 5th street that you can sit outside and eat at!  This place already has a pretty cool menu filled of crepes and coffee drinks which will sit perfectly with locals once they master their skills of service.  Things seem to still be a little "new" there but once they get it, this place won't be going anywhere. Thank you JoBot for adding an interesting little place to downtown Phoenix.
5	JoBot is the real deal. Outstanding coffee, crepes and the service is first rate. I went to JoBot on a Thursday night, meeting someone special there. Walking in, there is a long corridor, with a coffee bar and stools lining the length of the bar.I ordered an iced vanilla latte, and my partner in crime had water and a banana nutella crepe. Our drinks and crepe arrived, and the reviews saying how great everything is, are really accurate. As it slowed down a bit, the amazing employee, Shane, asked us how we were doing, and we told him how great everything was. This spawned a great conversation where we learned a ton about JoBot, and coffee in general. Shane was so cool, and he taught us about the most popular items at JoBot, specifically a toddy. We had never had one, and Shane was nice enough to make a small sample drink for us, and it was unreal. SOOOOOOOO tasty and nice, but not as great as the service and conversation with Shane.Another super cool thing about JoBot, is that they have late hours EVERY day, so when you need a drink, snack, or tasty crepe, you have a spot to get your fix. Being at JoBot, you can easily have the feeling that you are on vacation somewhere really cool, and this is one of those places that you only wish you had back in your hometown. It sounds weird, but being at JoBot feels like a vacation, it's just relaxing, you're not rushed, and it's very laid back. The great news is, we have JoBot in our backyard, and I can take a mini-vacation anytime, and go there and relax. I am really grateful that we have locally owned gems like this in the 602. I really cannot imagine a situation where I would pick a chain over JoBot, Lola, or Giant Coffee. It's really nice to have a great drink, while supporting local Mom & Pops. That is what I call a win-win. Check out JoBot, you will not be disappointed.
5	My first time going to Jobot I ate there twice in one day. I got a sweet ricotta crepe for breakfast and it was so bomb that I came back for lunch to eat a chorizo crepe. Their coffee is fantastic too. The atmosphere is awesome. My girlfriend and I sat out front on their patio w/ our dog and relaxed on a breezy April day. Pretty soon I'll be moving to Downtown and I'm going to make a habit of Jobot for sure.
1	Wow, worse service ever!  My girlfriend and I went there on Sunday morning. We traditionally frequent different coffee shops during the weekend and looked forward to their good coffee and crepes. I love the screen door and intimate feel of the place, so relaxing.So we arrived and sat down, only to wait for 15 minutes (not an exaggeration) before we decided to leave. The barista didn't even acknowledge us until half way through that time. It would be different if it was screaming busy  but there was only two other couples sitting down ahead of us. I spend alot of time in coffee shops, this place may have good coffee but compared to service at Lux and Lola's; I'll take my business elsewhere in the future.
3	I appreciate that the chai is real tea and not made from some syrup or concentrate, but the couple times I've gotten it, it hasn't been mixed to my liking. With JoBot the honey and spices seem to to always just sit sadly at the bottom of my cup.
4	Wandering around one evening I stopped in here for a cool drink on a week night, Thursday if I recall. It was after 7pm.  A few people sat chatting on the patio enjoying the warm night with a touch of a cool spring breeze. Another 5 or 6 sat inside at the counter.  The menu boards are filled with a variety of stuffed crepes (savory, sweet, meat filled or veggie).  There was a shelf holding about 3 or 4 varieties of fresh scones. I decided on an Peach Italian Soda, cool, sparkling and slightly sweet, I dropped in a straw and went on my way.  I found it slightly pricey at $4 for what it was (seltzer, splash of milk and a bit of Torani Peach flavored syrup) but mehh I paid the price to support entrepreneurial effort.  It is a great addition to the community and I look forward to going back to try the crepes.
5	Oh. Mygod. Ohmygod. I thought the first time I came here and only enjoyed coffee that it was spectacular. Then I came back for the crepes. Consider my mind blown.Not only does the outside have major curb appeal (LOVE the use of color), but you can sit at a coffee bar or outside... or in this whole other room. Come on. With that many seating options, there's something for everyone.One night I was there, a movie was playing outside. This is the kind of place people can come back to. And the kind of place that Phoenix desperately needs downtown.The stars reached their highest notch though when I went against my gut instinct and ordered the peanut butter cup crepe. See, I'm a huge fan of the Reese's cup. However, I feel it is nearly impossible to imitate. No one gets that flavor combination right and I end up being sadly disappointed.If this is your fear too... order the peanut butter cup crepe from Jobot. It was like taking a bunch of Reese's and melting them in a crepe. I will still full from dinner, but I'll be damned if I didn't eat that entire thing.The staff was super friendly, having conversations with a friend and I as we sat at the counter and indulged our sweet tooth ( is sweet teeth a word). I'll be back.. as often as I can manage :)
4	Love to have a new 'favorite' coffee spot. Too bad when Willow house left the Mcdowell area. The outdoor seating is awesone, but don't  try to get in there either with a stroller or wheelchair. There is a big step you need to get up to get in the front door. Yes, these are the old downtown houses, such a pretty neighborhood again. It has risen from the death :)Going again this weekend. Love the crepes, yummy choices, especially as a European, I am loving it when they know how to make good crepes.
4	I came here this morning with the BF to use a living social deal I had bought recently. I was really excited to try this place, as it was crazy busy the last time I was there (on first friday), so I passed on it. This place is really cool, it has a nice atmosphere and feels homey and friendly. The whole street is like a little community, so it has a good feel, and I like to support that kind of business. I ordered an iced latte and the 'cannoli' crepe (ricotta, choco chips, almonds) and the BF got a hot latte and the PB, raspberry jam, and banana crepe. They were a bit chewy, but good flavor. The coffee was very good, it is made by cartel coffee, which I always like. I would definitely come back here to try different flavors and to drink yummy coffee.
4	Great Place to grab a cup of STRONG Coffee! First off this is not your chained owed coffee shop where you need to know another language just to order a drink. The prices are reasonable and they always ask if you want the drink hot or iced. I got a endless drip coffee for $2.50. Also I like steamed milk in my coffee and they added some for no extra charge which was pretty cool of them. They have a killer selection of crepes all around $6 and are good sized. One that caught my eye was the Peanut butter, banana, and raspberry jam. They separate them into to menus the "Savory" crepes, and the "Sweet". I didn't try one this time but will for sure be back to have one. It is pretty small inside but they have a huge out side sitting area that is covered. A great place to sit and watch all the action that is going on of 5th st. On the weekend they are open till 4 am and serve their full menu till then. So if you are looking for a late night bite or a sobering cup o joe. Check out Jobot!!!
4	I don't like coffee. Wait, then why the hell am I reviewing a coffeehouse?! Oh right, because they have smashing good crepes and they're open late. You get a star just for having late night food!It's hard for me to rate JoBot without mentioning Lost Leaf next door. Only reason I ended up in JoBot is because it stays open until 12am. It's a saving grace for drunk hipsters. Be prepared for a shock of bright lights compared to Lost though if you stumble next door.I have one complaint though. Am I the only person who thinks it's hard to get late night service?! I've sat at the counter staring at the person behind it without being asked if I'd like anything. Is it my job to track down someone to take my order so they can make money? This is new to me. I'm quite confused by this behavior as it's happened more than once.Tip:Take a JoBot business card sitting on the counter. There's a 10th JoBot Free promotion on it.
5	I can't believe that I've taken so long to get around to reviewing JoBot. Maybe it's because I don't want you to know how amazing it is. They make the best coffee in CenPho and their crepes are to die for. But don't go here, seriously.
5	By far my favorite downtown coffee spot. I head here right after all my photoshoots. The crepes are fantastic and they have the best Scones I've ever had! I'm always meeting nice people and having great conversations. If you love the classic coffee shop feel then this is the place to be!
5	Tonight I had the pleasure of trying out JoBot Coffee. This trendy coffee house totally lives up to the hype for their crepes. I had the Nutella and Banana Crepe. What's not to love? It was perfect. It had just enough Nutella to give it that great hazelnut and chocolate taste. I worried that it was be caked with Nutella making it too rich to eat, but that was not the case. The bananas were great too. This was my first time at JoBot and the barista was very helpful in recommending the sweet peach tea, and the crepe. This place is very cool. It is an old house that was converted first into a bicycle shop and then the coffee house. One room has a living room type atmosphere, and there was ample seating outside. I will definitely go back to try the savory crepes and coffee.
5	I really enjoyed my first visit here! So much in fact that I spent five hours of my time here... The coffee was really good. I really dug the laid back homey vibe here. The patio is awesome...Super cozy, big, lots of misters...I'll definitely be back and would love to try the crepes. I like that it isn't obnoxiously hip too. Mmmmm, an Americano sounds good right about now!
4	We just moved to the nearby area and one afternoon we were so hungry that we thought why not give JoBot a try. We were not let down. We ordered Cappuccino and my wife really enjoyed it: not too bitter yet not too sweet, right in the spot.  The crepes were also good, although I would say the portion is not big, so it good for a quick snack while chatting with your friends.
1	I have heard great things from a handful of friends, and have lived in the Artisan Village for about a year and a half.  That being said I finally ventured over with my wife and mother in law for some of their crepes.  The owner happened to be there and the one that "helped" us.  We were first ignored for a while due to the simple disorganization of the business.  We ordered the root beer pulled pork crepe, the tuna melt, and the chorizo with egg crepe.  The owner wrote down the order but "forgot" about the tuna melt that my mother in law ordered, I have held many positions within the food service industry from server to bartender up to general manager so I understand that mistakes get made, no big deal.  He got the remainder of our order out to us and the tuna tasted like tuna right out of the can with nothing else wrapped in a crepe.  The root beer pulled pork which was the most dry pulled pork I have ever had, but the overall flavor was lacking as well.  I let the owner know of my disapointment and his response was simply "that's too bad".  I have been in the same situation many times in my experience in restaurants, the difference was the effort put in to keep a patron for repeat business which will not happen.  If you are looking for a good coffee and snack I would recomment looking into either the Tamico/M&J Bread company on Roosevelt in Artisan Village or even Conspire the funky co-op at the end of the street.  I am not one to rant or even complain, but this is not the way to treat any customers especially ones like myself and my wife who would have been frequent patrons of the establishment which is now out of the question.  It certainly is a cozy, laid back, comfortable atmosphere, I would just expect higher quality and a more genuine caring attitude towards local paying customers as a supporter of local businesses.  His complacent attitude left me wondering if we had dressed the part of a certain role we would have been better taken care of.
1	I would love to be writing a review right now of JoBot's delicious coffee and scones... but, alas, I cannot because the snob of a barista refused to even acknowledge our presence let alone actually offer to serve us a coffee.  We stumbled upon JoBot on a random Saturday driving through downtown and thought we would stop in for a drink.  There were four or five other people in the place and we took a seat up at the bar.  The barista was in the process of taking another person's order and everyone else appeared to have been served already.  We had no problems waiting while he wrapped up.  Ten minutes later... and he still hasn't said a peep to us, hasn't even made eye contact actually.  The thrill of supporting a local business waned and we eventually (13 min after arriving) got up and left.  It truly felt as though we didn't fit their desired clientele and therefore they didn't want to be bothered with us polluting their hip aesthetic.  Give me Starbucks' friendly baristas over that crap any day.
5	Yippie! I'm not a coffee drinker but I do down a gallon or so of tea a day. Today, Tara made me an iced black tea. It's nice to see the tea actually being made in front of your eyes rather than getting blended or straight from yesterday's pitcher. I give Jobot 5 stars for making a good drink, cleanliness, and hospitality. Piss on Starbucks.
2	My wife really wanted to try this place out, and I love crepes, so why not.Got iced chai, it had a really weird taste, like too much luke warm milk and the spices didn't mix well and just sat at the bottom, I took it back and just got a water, which was pretty warm actually, then I had the banana, nutella crepe, this was close to being nasty, it had the black bean flavor in it from my wifes crepe, that they cooked first and served 5 minutes before I got mine, and I'm still not sure what they used for it, I think it was flour tortilla my wife didn't think so.I give it 2 stars because my wife liked her bean crepe and ice coffee.They couldn't even serve me cold water, their not getting my business again.
4	Holy Crepes! Iced Mocha - More like iced "crack" mocha...I'm bouncing off the walls. Si Si me gusta~Banana-Nutella Crepe - Sweet Virgin Mary silhouette on my morning toast, It was heavenly!...AND a punch card?! I'll be a doughy mess in no time. Thanks yo!
4	I really love the local vibe of JoBot Coffee. They are located in a residential area where houses have been turned into businesses. It feels like some of my favorite places to go back in UT.  The artist in me wants to take my Digital Rebel with me next time to get some artistic shots of the coffee shop as well as surrounding area's.There is a great sized patio which I hear is great for the days they are super busy. I happened to go in on a day where not a lot of people were there and there were lots of seating options. As you walk into the coffee shop there is a long bar you can sit at where on the other side the barista makes your drink. The way they prepare drinks here is quite intriguing. The man who was working that day was not the most socially open person and because this place is more "hipster" and laid back, I get the impression customer service isn't high on their list of priorities. He treated us just fine and we received our food and drinks in a timely manner. But when you work at Nordstrom... ya know... you have a certain idea of what customer service should be. Thats all. I ordered an iced soy mocha latte and the black bean crepe. Holy miss moly, these crepes are huge. In my opinion, you could split a crepe between two people. When it came to the drink, the man started off by preparing our espresso shots, drizzled the chocolate syrup into our cups then poured a measurement of soy milk into the cup. While the espresso was brewing he took his time carefully stirring the chocolate into the milk. He then poured the espresso into the mixture and again slowly stirred it for a period of time. He then topped it off with ice and a little more soy milk and voila. The best iced soy mocha latte I have ever had. The crepe? pretty fantastic too! Great flavor and fresh. I will certainly be going back to try some of their dessert crepes and other coffee beverages. Hopefully I'll also get a chance to walk around the area, snap some photo's and also hang out at some of the surrounding boutiques as well.
4	I am not a coffee drinker so I cannot attest to what JoBot allegedly best but the crepes were delicious.  The menu offered crepes of a hearty variety (with meats and cheeses) and those of a desert variety (fruits, chocolate and whipped cream).  Waiting next door for a band to begin I worked up a hunger so I opted for the machaca pulled pork crepe with mozzarella and a fantastic salsa that was actually hot.  As a Michigan native I was pleased to see JoBot stocks Faygo Root Beer and was happy that I could enjoy the sweet nectar of my childhood to wash down my tasty meal.Phoenix's Roosevelt Row has much to offer.  JoBot Coffee adds to the mix very well.  I will be back.
3	More 3.5 than 3.  Went with a living social coupon, so I got to order lots of things to cover the 20.  Had the turkey pesto mozzarella crepe, and i must say, it was excellent. The  staff recommended it, and it did not disappoint.  I appreciated that he was more excited about recommending it than me ordering it.  Also ordered a vanilla scone, and it was pretty good as well.  I drank a  mocha, which I didn't find that special, hence minus 1 star.  the other star deduction was for the crazy heat inside...they don't have ac.  However, I'll say that their food is pretty solid...and, when the weather eventually cools a little, that star will go up.  I also had a machaca crepe. That was really good. The pico de gallo had amazing flavor and spice...much better than 95% of the Mexican restaurants I've been to in Phoenix.
4	I have been here twice now on the weekend for late night coffee and dessert. They have all the normal coffee drinks, scones, cookies, and lots of crepes( sweet & savory ). I have had the cinnamon & sugar crepe and the lemon and powdered sugar one. Both crepes were cooked perfectly, they could have used a little more of the flavoring in the crepes, but overall they were good. My italian creme soda they made me really hit the spot ( i am not a coffee drinker). My husband really enjoyed his iced toddy and their other hot coffees. Service was  great and this place is open 24 hours on Friday & Saturday nights...go check them out.
5	It's been over three months and we're still going strong. JoBot Coffee is phenomenal. Love the iced toddy, love the people and love the atmosphere. Always good people watching on the spacious patio and a lovely place to watch fireworks I might add. ...I knew it was love at first sight!
4	I can't wait to go try the crepes! I was only here to get a quick drink.Sooooooo glad for the patio! Can't wait to take Dexter. :}
5	Hands down, best chai in Phoenix.
5	OMG!  Had the pumpkin waffle w/marshmallow brulee, maple syrup and bacon for brunch today.  Fantastic!  Brunch-n-beats is back, and we enjoyed today's dj.  The patio was full and it was a beautiful day.  CenPho is the best!
4	I love JoBot! I've taken three different people there and my boyfriend and I go absolutely any time we're downtown. We always get the iced toddy and put a little cream it in; for some reason, it's so much better than any other toddy we've had. I've tried six different crepes and I think my favorite one (so far) is the number nine, which has turkey, a sunny side egg, raspberry , and I think swiss. It is so good. I also really like the black bean one, but in corn tortillas (I love that option!). I've only had two of the sweet crepes: the peanut chocolate and the jam and cream one. I like the jam and cream one a lot better. I had a scone once and it was pretty good...not the best I've ever had. One problem I have with JoBot  is one particular server. She usually works the night shift and she's always so lazy. She's also pretty rude--I heard her correct a customer once and then they apologized...it was awkward. She's not accommodating when she should be and she rushes you when you're ordering. Seriously, every time I've been there while she's working, I haven't enjoyed myself as much as usual. Loooove the Jarritos, too!
4	Great atmosphere, great hours, awesome location and good coffee. :-) The crepes are a great late snack and plenty filling....could be slightly better prepared. Overall, loved this place!
4	Dude at the counter was cool, but service was botched. Don't care. Crepes were effin' amazing, and ENORMOUS. Sweet or savory, doesn't matter. They're awesome. And there's enough choices to keep you busy for weeks.Cool, comfy, and unique. Would go there daily if I lived in the area. Love the converted home vibe.
5	with so many coffee options in phoenix i can say confidently that jobot is my favorite of these. an iced toddy from here makes a terrible day a great one, and if you're lucky enough to come up on an oatmeal cookie, just go home and go to bed, nothing in your day can get better than that...
5	Jobot has become my go-to coffee-fix when ever I'm downtown. The iced toddy is the perfect fix, macchiato was precisely what I remembered a macchiato is supposed to be (thanks San Francisco for ruining me for anything less than excellent coffee)... & OMG the crepes! Try 'em all! Sweet/Savory, they're all delicious & quantifiable sized. Wonderful urban/hipster vibe, even my Mom liked it, good place for a hang out w/ friends, dates even (check out the other local art scenes while you're there), good, chill, laid-back place ;) Not to forget, also, Friday & Saturday, open all night! Now that it's fall, Sunday breakfasts are on, waffles & everything!
5	This is a great local coffee shop in Downtown Phoenix. When I walk in, I immediately feel like I've walked into someone's welcoming home. There's seating at the counter and filled with friendly faces of local business people and eclectic folks sitting and conversing with each other, there are folks sitting on the patio enjoying the fresh air and there are individuals sitting and working in the open environment. It's a perfect place to sit, relax and do some work if you really must. The coffee's good, the food is delicious and offers a wide variety of items from breakfast and sandwiches to crepes and salads. I haven't tried the crepes yet but it's on my list and I promise to update my review when I do! I just wish I lived in this area so I could visit Jobot every morning!
5	Always a perfect.time to come. Never too busy and always delicious food and drinks at hand. Peaceful and wonderful. Plain and simple.
4	Jobot is a pretty cool place. I dig coffee houses for meetings and hanging out with friends because of the laid back vibe. However, I only really drink iced coffee and have never gotten into any kind of hot coffee type drinks, teas, etc. Regardless of that though, Jobot has awesome crepes! With chorizo. They - are - amazing! Like whoa. Also, I always get orange juice here. Its great in a nice big glass with ice in it and I can sit and drink on their nice big patio during the day and its pretty much heaven. They take cash and credit using Square, so I like that I dont have to carry around cash. It has a great local flavor and vibe to it. Aside from having an annoying experience with a chatty homeless person which are kind of epidemic in downtown Phoenix and Tempe, everytime Ive been here has been great. If there's a line, you may have to wait a few minutes since they usually only have one server/cashier but worth checking out since its right off Roosevelt Row next to the Lost Leaf.
5	Everyone loves jobot! Great community place to go, fun, and delicious food. Love the expansions.
2	I really, really wanted to like this place when I went, but it just didn't happen. I went on a nice peaceful Sunday morning to meet some friends and discuss an upcoming project we are working on. I parked my car and walked up to JoBot only to hear club  music blasting from a D.J. in the front sitting area. All I could think was, please let my friends be inside because I cannot listen to club music first thing in the A.M. I could only think how much worse it would be if I was hungover. Thank goodness my friends were inside. When I walked inside, I really liked the old house feel, but the place could have seriously used a good scrubbing.  It felt grimy and dingy rather than fresh and vintage.  I am a tea drinker, so I was a bit disappointed with their tea selection. It was nothing to write home about.  My friends were in the back room and as I walked over to them there was a spot in the floor I almost fell through - I'm not kidding. And I am not a heavy girl either - 115 lbs. The floor boards were stripped away and there was a thin layer of old wood between me and the crawl space. I about pissed myself when I stepped on it and felt the wood bend and start to give. Needless to say it was not the relaxing leisurely Sunday morning I had in mind.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):7 Food8 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueThe food is generally very good, though there are some duds on the menu, and I don't particularly care for their chai.  (Disclaimer: I've only ever had their savory crepes; never their sweet ones, which I need to remedy.)The service is also generally very good, though a bit inconsistent.  The patio is great, positioned perfectly along a budding 5th Street right off of the main thoroughfare (Roosevelt).A recent discovery of mine here, is Mango Jarritos.  I've always loved Jarritos, but never run across this flavor before.  mmmmmmmmm good!
4	What an amazing place! From the moment you pull up, the vibe at JoBot is unlike any other coffee shop I've been to in Phoenix (or ever, for that matter!). Located in the heart of Roosevelt Row, this lovely place fits right in to the culture and ambience of its surroundings.With a huge outdoor front patio, JoBot is a perfect place to hang with friends, get work done, or just enjoy their great coffee on the front porch. Averaged priced, you'll get more value from one cup of coffee here than your Starbucks. Plus, you'll be supporting local businesses!Get to JoBot at least once while you're in Phoenix.
4	Delicious coffee and some good food, too.  I love crepes for breakfast but I have never before had crepes with Machaca or chorizo... and served with salsa that had a good kick to it, too.  The hubby appreciated the fact that you could get all the same options with corn tortillas instead.  We did not try the scones but they looked fantastic.
4	What a nice local coffee shop! I love the atmoshphere and being able to sit outside in the nice Phoenix sunshine with Made just next door and a cute picket fence with sunflowers growing along some of the side. It's such a fresh, free environment where you can relax with a tea or coffee and read a good book, chat with friends or work on your computer. If I lived closer I would come here all the time and just sit, relax and enjoy. If I were a coffee drinker this place would be perfect, but I do enjoy their tea and they have some good food to choose from. I am hoping to try the crepes.
4	I first tried this place in order to see a friend perform with his band. The crepes brought me back for return visits, as they really really hit the spot. This place is janky in a good way... down-to-earth people serving and patronizing the joint. Just the kind of place for an indie band jam and poetry slam. And it's right next to The Lost Leaf if you need to switch from stimulants to depressants (or vice versa). The owners next door at Lost Leaf are totally cool with you bringing your awesome JoBot crepes over to consume with your beer.This is a great example of local flavor that I hope propagates in downtown Phoenix. It's places like this that make me linger longer after work and put off my commute eastward for some cool vibes with the local ilk.
4	Delicious crepes, good coffee, *excellent* hours.Both times I've been there the service has been fine and delightfully-unStarbucksy (by which I mean humans work there, not robots).
4	Good local coffee spot! Haven't found too many in Phoenix.  I Like the unique down to earth vibe and the fresh cherry chocolate scone was delish!!
5	Hands down, this is my favorite coffee shop in Phoenix. Their coffee is amazing, as well as their crepes! I have to stop here everytime I go downtown. The employees are always very friendly, and I love their cute latte art! JoBot is located in a quaint little building with adorable vintage funiture and wood floors.
4	In the land of big box retailers and urban sprawl, the little bungalow that houses JoBot Coffee was a welcome surprise. The barista was super friendly and turned out some good coffee. I could see spending time at JoBot if I lived in Phoenix.
2	Man, I REALLY love the food and the coffee here, but I don't think I've ever felt so unwelcome in a business in my life, ... seriously. So... Let me tell you how my JoBot experience went down today. This is how it went down. I ordered a couple of crepes and a coffee from the incredibly friendly gentleman with the long hair. Then I went over to the register where the bald dude (the owner) was standing. I stood there for several minutes, holding my bank card in the air, while he ignored me and continued talking to some guy next to me about cameras. After a good, long while the owner finally looked at me and said, "Why do you keep looking at me?!", in just about the shittiest tone possible without necessitating a fist fight. I was pretty taken aback. I just said, "Uh... I'd like to pay for the things I just bought." The guy next to me who witnessed this unprecedented level of snobbery said, "Wow, dude. You were so nice about it too. I'm impressed. It takes a real man to be polite after that one." Then the owner continued to process my order (17 dollars), without saying a word of any sort, let alone a thank you. I'm a very mellow guy, but after that I was so pissed I thought about walking out. I'm still angry.I make it a point to be as reasonable and polite as humanly possible with anyone in the service industry. It's part of my moral code to use only my most impeccable manners when dealing with service people as I know they put up with a lot of shit in their line of work. I just can't fathom asking any customer "Why do you keep looking at me?!", under any reasonable circumstances. I mean, WTF? I was just standing there, card in hand, waiting to give him my money. I'm going to have to do one of three things. Option A - I never go to JoBot again. Option B - I convince myself that the owner has "some sort of mental problem" and that he doesn't understand that he's being an asshole to the customers. Option C - Keep going to JoBot like nothing happened and just expect to be loudly and openly disrespected by a cackling dimwit when I go to pay for my food.
4	One of the best iced lattes I've ever had!  I drank it so fast I thought about ordering another one.  It's a good thing I didn't order a second one because I would have never gone to sleep.  I love a caffeine-filled latte.  It's in an old downtown house and there are tables in the front yard.  It was nice to relax outside and enjoy the beautful day with a delicious drink.  There's so many great reviews about the crepes, I can't wait to go back and try them!
5	excellent place to get a cup of coffee, chat with a friend, or work.
4	Ummm, ya, crunchy...groovy? Unexpected, unapologetic; it does what it wants and does it well. A random coffee house that also serves fun crepes. In the mood for something different, but worthy? Set GPS to "JoBot Coffee".
2	Went to grab a late night cup of coffee at this 24-7 spot.  The coffee is great but the service was bitchy. She really thought her coffee grounds didn't stink and seemed annoyed at our arrival. The place was thrown together in a quant old bungalow style home which has character,  but ultimately lacked class in the staff,  which is what would make a difference.  Next time I'll go somewhere else because service is half of it!
5	Pretty much the best place in Arizona. That gaping hole in the north section of the state runs a close second, but they don't have coffee and comfortable seating up there.
5	Hooray to great coffee!Came here for the first time (last night) which also happened to be First Friday. The place was PACKED! We must have come at the right time because after waiting in line for about 10 min there was a line out the door! Yes, service was slower then would have been ideal. Then again, if you're willing to wait in line to place your order, you should be willing to wait to receive said order.I had a Soy Latte and after tasting it I could have cared less how much time I waited! The coffee was delicious, something I feel is very scarce lately.I'd definitely like to come back and experience them during a normal week day.
5	I love this little street in Phoenix dubbed as the "Artsy District" by my friend who lives there. I walked in to this house that's turned in to the JoBot cafe/coffee house vibrantly playing Beats Antique and related tracks. I was instantly in love!!! I got a banana and nutella crepe to go which they wrapped up like a roti in a cup. I grabbed a few forks and knives on my way out and went to town - damn was it good. Top 5 crepes I've ever had in my entire life.5 Yelps for the location, environment, one of the 5 best crepes ever, attitude, friendliness and hipster vibe. Fantastic - my only complaint is that it took 15 minutes to make me a crepe?THIS has been a review by Gaurav
4	Came here on a Sunday morning and there was a sizeable crowd, but not too crowded. It was a colder day, so not a lot of people sitting outside. Our group of 4 was able to find a table in the back corner after ordering our crepes. There was a much larger group seated already so this place can definitely handle groups.I had the Philly crepe and the banana nutella crepe. For the price, it can't be beat. I think they have a small kitchen and thus the wait can be long. $7 for all savory crepes and $6 for sweet, the wait is worth it. The service is great and this street is cool, being inside of an old house. Parking was easy. The scene is definitely hipster.
5	I just have to give another shout-out to Jobot, my very favorite coffee joint in Phoenix.  Went there on a recent Sunday morning, and the special was "Slayer Cakes!"  This was 2 buttermilk pancakes with a bacon pentagram on top...mmm...bacon!  The place has been expanded, with additional indoor seating options, but I love the patio.  When I sit out there and watch the liveliness that is 5th St., it makes me happy.
5	Best coffee in PHX.  Bar none.  I am glad to say that I was there When evil genius John Sagasta (or as my children call him...Coffee John) was working to create the signature roast in this joint.  I have never looked at a cup of coffee the same way since.  Keep up the great work Jobot!  Espresso Sunshines all-around!
5	Iced Toddy!  Much cooler than starbucks.
4	We stumbled upon this place as it was in walking distance from where we parked and we did not have time to wait an hour for Matt's Big Breakfast. I was a little nervous as we walked down the streets to get there since the neighborhood was a bit sketchy and my mom and step-father aren't very adventurous people.  Jobot is housed in an old craftsman house. Kinda strange to first walk in but the friendly staff makes all doubts disappear. You have the option to get any combination served in a crepe, on a salad, or in 3 corn tortillas like tacos. The menu was limited but once reading over it you realize that there is something for  everyone.  I ordered the peanut butter, raspberry jam, and banana crepe (which was amazing and the perfect amount of PB), while my boyfriend & step-father had The Rancher in a crepe, and my mom ordered the Monte Cristo as tacos. Everyone cleaned their plates! The kitchen welcome substitutions, there was outside seating, their OJ was to die for, and they even had Martinelli's apple juice.We left happy & full - a perfect combination.
1	don't bother.the employees are the worst. it's quite sad actually because the espresso drinks are out of this world, amazing. still, i won't be back. ever.
4	Yet another Phoenix home converted to business. It's unconventional, and I like that, but It's still a little surreal to think I'm eating in the same place some kid probably watched Saturday morning cartoons. It's okay though because the crepes were mighty tasty (the lemon in particular), and so was the coffee, despite my public verbal displays of affection towards Starbucks. If I'm in Phoenix again, I'll definitely go back.
5	Fantastic crepes, strong Americanos, and overall great experience. The location is a small house next to Lost Leaf. While the coffee is great, the five stars are for the crepes! I always get the Nutella, banana crepe with whipped cream. While it might not be the greatest for a diet, it was well worth it!!
4	Great place in the Roosevelt neighborhood!  The savory crepes and Italian Soda were delicious.  Excited to go back for a sweet crepe next time!
4	The sweet crepe...nutella and strawberries...was just as good!  Their Italian Sodas are delicious making this a go to place in Phoenix for me!
3	Pros:Good crepesPrime location along the Roosevelt Arts DistrictGood place to study or meet up with friendsFun people-watchingCons:Feels a bit more hippie than hipsterI have gotten weird looks from staff and never a smileThe house looks/feels a bit dingy and grimy, which results in me not wanting to imbibe in drinks/food made in such a place. Cleanliness is important to me.
4	If you find yourself wandering the streets of down town phoenix late one evening, no, you're probably not homeless you were likely just hopping from bar to bar and can't remember. Don't fret because JoBot's lights are still on late into the night. While I can't say exactly just how late "late" is because I haven't payed too close attention to that minor detail and no one has posted it here on yelp yet. I can say they've been open every time I have visited after 11pm.Mental note to self, next time at JoBot find out about hours and update yelp. Is it considered a mental note if I just wrote it down? I'm also not so sure it was to self either as I plan to post this review sometime soon. Anyway.Give any of their crepes a try, they're all fairly good; although, I do prefer the savory crepes over the sweet crepes here. I truly can't believe I just said that actually, since most of my other reviews are for frozen yogurt and cupcakes, at least that's what I tried to order and was told "We don't actually serve frozen yogurt here sir. Would you like to try our crepes?"Loved the chorizo and egg crepe - twas the perfect combination of everything they combined together to make the crepe. I'm pretty sure it was part chorizo, part egg, part cheese and part crepe. But then again it was a late night and I did just swing by after visiting Lost Leaf next door.I hear they serve excellent coffee too, but I tend to stick to tea and pastries. Happy wandering my yelping friends! Hope to stumble into you sometime while chowing down on one of their tasty crepes.
1	Positives: open late, free wi-fi, free entomology lessons (if that's your thing...read on)Negatives: everything elseOK WOW!  I have been meaning to write my first review for a while now, but I was basically forced to do it right now by my experience at Jobot.  Too bad my first review has to be a negative one, but I feel I owe it to all of you who so faithfully warn me to stay away from places like this, although you may have let me down on this one!So I read through most of the reviews and felt that I had a fairy good idea of what to expect.  Since many reviews seemed positive enough, I thought I'd give it a try since I am getting bored with the same old coffee joint.  So I found my way from the dark street in front of Jobot, through the dimly lit patio area, up onto the old wooden porch, to the front door, and into Jobot ready to fall in love with the place.  As I entered I was initially overwhelmed by three things.  One: the blaring punk music, two: the swamp cooler blasting air and noise directly at my head, and three: the total apathy of the staff who were conversing among themselves (ironically, about how "dead" it's been) while ignoring me.  I was eventually approached by a worker and I placed my order ($2.75 for an 8oz skim latte...more about the latte later).  While waiting for my latte, I decided to have a look at the pastry selection at the end of the coffee bar; only problem was, there were 3 employees standing there talking and blocking access to the pastry case.  I politely said "excuse me" as I tried to squeeze by them.  I kid you not...they glanced at me and then continued talking.  I squeezed thru the gaggle of employees determined to get a look at the pastries.  Once through the gauntlet of employees, I had a look at the pastries, which looked a little "run thru the mill" if you know what I mean.OK so determined to make the best of this experience, I pressed on.  While continuing to wait for my latte I poked my head into the two adjacent rooms.  The rooms are dingy and uninviting with hard, uncomfortable wooden benches and cheap metal frame stacking style chairs scattered about.  The crowd inside (two customers) was interesting.  One guy covered head to toe in tattoos hunched over an old laptop, and an older man snoozing in the corner near his empty coffee cup and book.  ...so back to waiting for my latte.  I intended to pay for it when I was intercepted by a 2 inch long cockroach crossing the floor between me and my latte.  I politely waited for it to pass.  While waiting for the roach to pass, I glanced at the guy who seemed to be in charge of the place to see how he would handle this most interesting situation.  He looked at me, shrugged his shoulders as if to say "whatcha gonna do"?  I almost laughed at the absurdity of it all, but quickly remembered I was on the hook to pony up the currency for my latte, which I did, albeit reluctantly at this point. I have taken my seat, opened my laptop, and am writing this review as we speak.  A few more shady characters have popped in and out, although they don't seem to be customers since they didn't buy any food or drink.  I assume they are friends with the owner(s).  My stomach has turned sour from the experience with the roach and having to recount the ordeal in detail as I write this review... so my latte will sit untouched as I leave in about 1 minute from now.  I hope you have enjoyed my contribution.  Thanks for sharing all of yours!
5	I love this place the food is so yummy and the workers are so friendly and the Crepes are fantastic!!!!
4	There's a special little place in my heart designated specifically for JoBot, so I'm thrilled to be the 100th person to get to sing the praises of this adorable little coffee shop/creperie/hole-in-the-wall bundle of amazing-ness.I came across JoBot by accident about a year ago while looking for a late night wi-fi spot to do some studying. It fit the bill perfectly, minus the fact that it was extremely difficult to concentrate with the loud music coming from the Lost Leaf, the interesting conversations that I couldn't help from overhearing, and the endless amount of scrumptious plates that kept parading past me. That said, I've made several "study" trips to JoBot since. While I may not be as productive as I would be at some of those quieter little coffee shops where everyone has their nose in a book or a laptop, I find that I always walk away a very happy camper, every time. Their crepes/tacos are delicious. All of them. Sometimes I feel as though the crepes are slightly undercooked, but once I dig inside to discover the tantalizing flavors that lie within, I tend to forget all about that. The root beer pork remains one of my faves followed by a strawberry/banana concoction for dessert. Yum, yum, yum.Go here if you want good coffee (the bumble bee is tasty), good eats, good conversation, good atmosphere, good prices, good entertainment, and free wi-fi at any and all hours (they don't seem to close on weekends). And if you're really feeling frisky head down a house or two for some NachoBot. Gosh I love this place.
4	Great hole in the wall, good old school music and great value! $6 for sweet crepes and $7 for savory. I ordered the rancher and soy iced latte. Loved them both!
4	Yum yum, I love me some rootbeer pork crepe with my mocha latte late night. This place is cool! Old house into hip coffee shop.
2	Unfortunately, I will not be going back to this place. I was just in there earlier and noticed a few unsanitary things about this place. The only reason I gave them 2 stars was because the coffee tasted good despite it having contaminated ice (hope I don't get sick). So this is what happened for those curious:I walked in and sat down. The girl working, who looked extremely hungover, did not greet me or say any word to me as i looked at the menu. She just stood there until I asked for something. I ordered a coffee and a crepe. While she was making my coffee, she scooped the ice out of a dingy looking ice container and just dropped the scoop back in. She did this multiple times while I was there. The germs from her hand  were all over the ice and in everyone's drinks...Then, she kept wiping down all the counters with the SAME dirty rag over and over again. And after she got done "wiping" (or spreading everything) on the counter, a guy that was working, not sure if it was the owner or not, decides to start making some drinks for people after being outside, without washing his hands. He picked up a clean spoon to mix in caramel in some coffee and threw the spoon down on the counter right in front of me. Then, when he was making another drink, he picked up the SAME spoon from the dirty counter and used it to mix someone else's drink. He was very sloppy making the drinks, which doesn't bother me until you get unsanitary with it. I am very concerned nothing is cleaned properly just by their behavior, including the bucket of ice the girl brought in to refill the ice container. I am sure this place isn't the only one that does this stuff but having it happen all in front of you is a whole other experience.I was not able to really enjoy my crepe because I was too focused on all this going down, so I will not write a review on the food. I feel sick to my stomach.
2	I like the vibe of the place and it is well known because of First Friday. But I think they rely on too much with the vibe they try to give off and not enough with customer service. They need to understand although me and other people may not be in their circle, I would like a sense of respect because I am still a paying customer. Maybe if they extended themselves outside of their inner circle, they can get more revenue.
5	Love this neighborhood! Although kind of scary at night. Jo Bots was awesome, the worker (possibly owner?) is pretty awesome and our drinks came out quite fast and delicious. The barista made us some hot chocolates out of ghardelli (I'm pretty sure I spelled that wrong) chocolate and steamed it up. This is nice place just to hang out and enjoy the company of one's friends :)
4	This is the best hipster-watching, crepe-eating, latte-drinking place I know!The hubs and I love to go to Jobot for breakfast and great coffee on the weekends.  Relaxed atmosphere, nice staff,  tasty crepes, delicious coffee, rotating artists work on the walls and free wifi.  What else could you want from your neighborhood coffee shop?
1	Two words:  SMELLY and DIRTY!  Do not, I repeat, do not go to Jobot if you are hoping for a good environment, clean areas, or a decent crowd.  Is everyone doing these reviews blind??!  I am so disappointed too because I kept hearing about Jobot from multiple people, so I really wanted to check it out and see what it was like.  The cup of iced coffee I had was good, but that is the only positive comment I can make.  The customer service was so-so, the crowd there seemed sketchy and I just generally did not feel welcome or comfortable here.  I will not be back.
4	Leaving Matt's low on caffeine and realizing Jiffy-Lube and Chase were not yet open to accomplish my afternoon errands I decided to next pay a visit to Jobot Coffee - a place I'd heard both good (music, coffee) and less-than-stellar (patrons, service) things about and pointing my GPS to the address I at first wondered if I'd mistyped; to say the least the area is residential and unassuming, but upon seeing the "Coffee" sign I assumed I was in the right place, parked, and walked in as Sigur Ros Takk played on the outdoor speakers.Half knowing what to expect from a house-come-coffee shop named the "best place to take a scenester" by the local media I entered the doors of JoBot to the aromatics of coffee and a bar populated by the partially hung-over and half-shaven but surprisingly also to smiling faces and families sitting with their Ipads as the kitchen turned out respectable looking sweet and savory crepes.  Not realizing that the space served food in addition to coffee I was greeted by a young lady at the bar who asked if I wanted a menu or if I knew what I'd like I deferred for a moment while I perused the options - eventually settling on an iced Toddy and a pair of pastries made in-house that morning - a $10 tab including a $1 tip.With the space almost intentionally run-down looking and tables, benches, and chairs strewn throughout three rooms I found bench and 2 tables near the back where a defunct piano sat alongside a family of four and after getting out my books took my first sip of the Toddy - a rich blend from Cartel with a bit of stone-fruit up front and deep chocolate notes on the finish before moving on to my pastries - a $2.50 Strawberry "DohNut" and a $4.00 slice of Dr. Pepper Cake.  Beginning first with the donut - a small ring that was possibly baked rather than fried given the total lack of grease, rich cake-like texture, and pockets of berries plus an ample coat of not-too-sweet strawberry glaze I have to say the it was more 'muffin' than donut, but all in all it was still quite good.  Moving next to the cake - dense, fudgy, and just bitter enough between the cocoa and the nuts to balance the saccharine sweetness of the soda it has been a long long time since I ordered something as simple as "chocolate cake" and while there is no doubt I could have made something like this at home it was a really nice reminder of how good 'comfort food' can sometimes be - particularly with really good coffee in a relaxed setting.
4	Coffee is fantastic and the crepes are good. Service is no different than what I've experienced at other "hipster" hangouts; it's a bit standoffish. They warm up to you after awhile though.
4	I feel like Jobots is somewhere you should really try out if you haven't. You will go back and leave satisfied:) The service can be a little slow, but be patient, they are hand crafting these masterpieces!They also always have something delicious you can munch on while posting up there as well:)
3	Having read the reviews I was super psyched to try this place. I thought it would be super eclectic, but worth it. I feel it lies somewhere between 2 and 3 stars cause it was just okay. The place itself actually seems dirty... which messes with my clean freakness.  It looks like an old house that has not been taken care of.   My coffee was the only thing worth talking about... which is probably a good thing because that's the specialty. The food was average and not very flavorful, and it took quite awhile. Was worried about how sanitary the kitchen was considering the state of  the public areas. eh.
5	Enter this place for a telecommute to some hip european city. Everything is great about this place, you'll always find a surprise. Try everything there.
2	Wasn't impressed. I usually love these little hole in the wall places owned by locals and. This place just didnt do it for me. It was a little dirty, the workers were all pretty distracted and taking their sweet time and the music was SOOOO loud for 7am.Sigh, i wish it had lived up to my expectations.
1	Undrinkable coffee. Sorry to the hipster doofus crowd but the coffee is horrible. made the mistake of listening to others who suggested this place while taking some friends from Europe through the downtown redevelopment. None of us was willing to take a second sip, our first tasting so awful. Better to grab your coffee at Lux instead.
4	This place is the perfect place for an after-ride coffee and Nutella crepe...  The crepes here are truly to die for...  I have found a nice little bike route that lets me 'hammer it out' for 50 miles and then conveniently roll on through JoBot for some caloric goodness and caffeine.  This place has a great little patio to get some sun, park your bike, and eat some yummy food just before the muscles start cramping.Give it try...
3	Great coffee, but I cannot fully relax there. It's pretty and unique place though.I would stop by and get some coffee on the way to go somewhere, but it's not the place for me to relax, or concentrate on sketch and PC works.
3	so as many yelpers know, writing a review may require some deliberation and even some soul searching, this is that kind of review.jobot is my frenemy - sometimes i want great coffee without the shitty attitude (imagine!!) and sometimes i dont care - yea its that kind of place. i know im not saying anything new here - ive been coming here since they opened & im always excited to go & then after...well its like eating donuts; excitement, anticipation, enjoyment then regret...you get the picturecoffee is pretty damn goodfood is hit or miss - quality is usually above par, but serving size varies depending on the day (?) and for the price that aint cool!service - well if you have enough gages and a tragic hair-do then youre in! but if youre like me & you love spandex and heels (dont hate im cute!!) then youre probably not in!! O well, i love good coffee!
4	i'm not sure why i haven't written a review for jobot yet- i'm there at least once a week and it has become my go to coffee shop. their toddy is the best i've had in phoenix- it's well made and a good price. the crepes are good as well- i usually get either a #2 or a #3 with an egg. i've really never had issue with the service- i'm not expecting my barista and i to be bffs. the fact that they are open late sun-thurs and 24 hours on fri and sat is a plus and so is the wifi. it's a cool spot and the crowd is way less pretentious than lux or cartel.  have only one complaint- the piano in the back room has been a source of annoyance for months now. i know it's not always being used but when it is, it makes me question whether to move onto songbird or lola...
4	Great option for coffee in the area! They also serve food as well.
4	Very interesting place. Not the crowd you'd expect but worth checking out.After seeing this place straight up popping on a Frist Friday, I knew I needed to come in and try it out. The patio is a funky mosiac of painted concrete squares with a small yard with park picnic tables all in range of some loud speaker playing music from inside. When you first walk in the place seems realy small and tight, and that's because it is. Take a left and you'll find more booth style seating but walk forward and you can prop up on the counter and order. Everything looks like its about to fall off the shelves or just fall asleep... including the guy behind the table. There's a little wall fridge of sodas and baked goods then the expresso machines and syrup racks line the backsplash of the bar area. Don't get the wrong idea, dude behind the counter is cool as hell. Came up to me and asked what I'd like, told him something sweet and he immediately starting hooking me up with options and built an bomb caramel iced coffee. Was nice and asked if I drank whole milk... how sweet.From what I saw coming from the kitch, this joint is cranking out stellar food. Wish I could have stayed for breakfast. Will def come back here on a day I'm not dressed for work and I can look like a bum too. Thanks counter guy for not making me feel weird for being the only girl in there.
4	JoBot is a tiny house of a coffee shop in the heart of phoenix on Roosevelt Street and it exemplifies the best qualities of the small business ethos: locally owned and operated. Its not perfect, but what place is? The lived-in feel with random paintings / decorations and the prospect of piano music in the back happening at any time, with always interesting guests make the place inseparable from the surrounding landscape.Out front, there are several different places to sit, such as benches, a couch, and public-park-style tables. These seating accommodations and the cozy atmosphere allow you to relax as you enjoy your drink and enjoy the passage of people walking about. I've been to this place a few times and while I don't drink Coffee, I DO enjoy Iced Tea and I've never been disappointed with their concoctions.The staff is friendly and the sort you can strike up a conversation with (if they're not busy making drinks or cooking something in their kitchen hidden away in the back), especially at late hours if you happen to be in the area.If you happen to be in the area (its just east of Central ave on Roosevelt, which is also quickly accessible from getting off the i-10 @ the 7th street exit), I'd recommend stopping by. You might have to find some parking a block away or two, especially depending on when you go (the first friday of every month is notoriously busy, so I'd go on some other night if you don't want to be around a ton of people).As far as I know they take credit cards, but cash is easier for a place like this. Bring a Lincoln if you just want a quick drink.
3	I finally visited here today after leaving church in route to FEZ for my East Coast Foodies Event.  I walked in and was pleasantly surprised by how cute and welcoming  the space is.  It is also covered in local art and there is a cool counter where one can sit and eat, read, drink, or chat with their friends or the employees.  I love the mom and pop homey feel of this place.They had some yummy looking food and sweets, but they seemed to be a little pricey for what you were getting.  Their scones were a little more than Starbucks, which is a little odd in that it is a small family owned business.I loved my cappuccino, she ran the sugar through my shots of espresso, which I had never experienced before.  I was impressed by the yummy flavor and the delectable foam that the barista created.I will go back and try the crepes next time and another drink.Cheers
4	Open 24 hours through the weekend, until midnight otherwise. Downtown is starting to have a life.Early 20th Century bungalow, as all these funky businesses on this block. Across the street tonight was an excellent jazz guitarist plucking away, alone, lost in his music, in a front yard ...The savory and sweet crepes just keep getting better, and I finally made it last Sunday to the brunch - the best light pancakes I've tasted in years served with real maple syrup and exquisite Schreiner's sausage. Nibbled over two hours of unending visits and great  Beirut-style cafe banter from downtown's notables.Life is good.
4	i dragged my friends around on foot to find this place staffed by hipsters making good coffee and good crepes. i'm sure they, like i, thought that walk was worth it.
3	Some really good coffee.. sometimes the Batista's can be a little off putting but they mean well, its just the vibe there.. every ones tr yin really hard to be all cool, hip and shit.. but regardless, the coffees good, most the people are pretty rad and the foods decent. Cant really go wrong with this spot, probably one of the best coffee houses in downtown Phoenix, if not the best.UPDATE- Ordered a hot chai latte about a week ago and received it ice cold. I asked for it to be heated and was told no. Customers come first and I've been a paying one for over 3 years. I understand you want to be "trendy" and all hipster or what not but come on! I don't know what happened to all the cool Batista's you guys used to have... hopefully you'll bring them back and get rid of the lameos currently working there.
5	Crepes are utterly fabulous!
4	Coffee, crepes and cool hipsters, You can have a taste of all there with just one stop here.Inside of a old house is JoBot, Prices are decent service is quick and nice and the crepe did not skimp on the basil. Prices are like all coffee shops which means not a great deal but I guess you pay for the experience.Inside are a few tables and chairs and a old upright piano. Outside are school style picnick tables which could really benefit from a back. Or maybe I am just getting too old to sit here.
5	Oh my gosh...the crepes...THE CREPES!!!Look for a small dilapidated shack with letters that look like broken neon, and you've found it. But for every ounce of wear and tear and hipster flair this place has, you will rack up an additional value in TASTE.  Plus, this deliciousity is available 24/7, one of the few late-night options downtown.Grab a menu off of the door (no it's not closed; you have to put some FORCE into opening that front door--but be careful in case someone is standing on the other side) and get in line.  You can sit up at the counter or just walk right up to the counter.Order your crepes by their numbers--if you're picky, this staff will actually create a new combo for you.  Too cool not to have the latest tech? Log into square and say "[Insert name here] is ready to pay" and they'll send you your ticket to pay, sign, and tip from the comfort of your phone.  $7 will get you a delicious brunch-sized crepe and $2-3 will get you the fanciest coffee you want with 4 varieties of super-trendy healthy sweeteners at the bar.If you want to sit down, head to one of the cozy tables by the windows or farther back by the piano. Don't piss off a local by taking an outlet-facing table unless you have to.  The staff is really good surprisingly about remembering names/faces, so my food almost always gets to me quickly.Not in the mood for random screenplay writing or local music?  Ask for your order to go, but remember to specify if you want a box, because the crepes are traditionally loaded in individual cups and then in a cupholder for easy portability.Are you there on the weekend?  Then why are you complaining about waiting 15 minutes?  These are custom made crepes!  Enjoy the local art posted around the place, or sit outside in the sunshine until your order is done. You'll forgive them their slowness by the time your first bite is in your mouth.
5	I love coming into JoBot for coffee on first Fridays or whenever we are in area.  The employees that worked there are always really friendly and they have a great variety of coffee and crepes.  JoBot is in a really cool old house in downtown phoenix.  They have a couple of chairs inside and tables outside the shop.  I hear that they have awesome crepes too.  One of these days I will try one. My favorite thing to drink here is just the plan coffee.  The reason why is because the coffee is always fresh. If you ever downtown for first Fridays you should head over to JoBot and have some coffee and Crepes.
3	The rating is more 3.75/5 than 3/5. Its one of those hole-in-the-walls that people go to for some latenight coffee and food. I specifically go there for only one reason - Drunk food when I am done with Lost Leaf ! oh wait or when I go to frist fridays and get drunk as well (despit eating at the bazillion food trucks :)). Why? I dont know, its one of the only real late late night food places that's open and that's not Mcdy or Jack in the box. That Said, I would still prefer Aside of Heart or Nachebot to this place for the food. I have had the crepes here before and they are good (check the pics). doesn't anything taste goooood when youz drunk? :P. wait a min, what's the yardstick to compare these crepes with? what r the other good places with crepes here? I have eaten something else here before too, I can't remember now though I think its veggie quesedilla/burrito? I liked em too. But hey you pay 7-10$ for the drunk food here
4	Excellent coffee. Very rich, deep flavor. I dig the atmosphere of this place. Ya know, the whole 'house turned coffee shop' vibe. There are tables outside on the front lawn and patio, tables scattered throughout the house and a bar in the front room. It gives the place a very comforting mood. Like going over a kooky Aunt's house.The only thing I was sketched out by was, if you look into the back room next to the bar there's a shelf covered with electrical chords plugged in and going every which way. It looks absolutely crazy, like an electrical fire waiting to happen. Makes me wonder what other crazy shit is going on back there. Other than the imminent death, the coffee was great and the scone I had was tasty. I'd definitely return.
5	Always a fan of the late night festivities that go on here when the bars close.  The food is always great but depending on the time you'll have a wait.  Just be patient and you'll love what you get.
5	Before and after pounding obscure craft beers next door, JoBot is always a good idea. The soy mocha is one of the best in the business. More importantly their menu doesn't mess around when it comes to grabbing some late night eats. I recommend the BLT, with its lemon zest cream cheese, but more importantly, the salad that comes with it. Or the vegan salad. Or the crepes. Or the tacos. Just order anything. It's all good. So just a recap, this is why I'm giving Jobot 5 stars:+Open late+Awesome patio+Quick service+Good value on quality food and joe
4	They make a good latte here, which is something I feel the need to mark after being unpleasantly surprised over and over by inexplicably disgusting results elsewhere.  (HOW HARD IS IT, LUCY AND LOLA?)  I've been here three times, and the service was fast and friendly on each visit.  I don't think I'm a fan of the crepes, not through any particular fault of Jobot, but they're just not my steeze.  I had the one with cheese, tomatoes, and onions, and it was delicious, but much too heavy and greasy for my life.  Also, what the fuck even is crepe?  Crepes aside, Jobot is a strong place.  Happy with them.
4	This place doesn't serve decaf, which is awesome.Its a cool little coffee dive in an old house with really good coffee. I recommend.
4	the rustic setting of this craftsman bungalow on 5th street acts as a cozy destination in the Roosevelt district. Upon walking up the steps and into the house amidst the sounds of folkesque alt. music wafting out to the street, you know this is a real indie kinda coffee shop/creperie. The crepes served at JoBot are delish with around 10 savories and almost the same number with the sweets. With a wide variety on their menu, a great selection of hot bevvies, some hansen natural soda types as well as a good selection of jarritos, this is a good place to stop by, sit back, eat a crepe and either have a hot drink during an odd cold night in Phoenix or sip a refreshing jarrito to recover from the hot summer day.Recommendations are the #8 machaca pulled pork, and the #9 root beer pulled pork for the savory and the go to banana with nutella for the sweet. So, if you find yourself close to JoBot and are craving a crepe, stop by because it's worth the calories and the yum factor. Open late nights weeknights, and 24 hours Fridays, Saturdays.
4	24 HOUR CREPES ON THE WEEKENDS! The lemon! The powdered sugar! The hipster organic coffee and toddys!!This is everything I want out of a coffee shop. Love you guys. A little condescending at times, and the female baristas don't seem to care much about anything, but to all the dudes working here, keep it up!
4	Loved this place, especially their weekend hours! We came right before midnight after some bar hopping and needing a late night snack. This place seems like it is in a residential neighborhood but was very welcoming with a cool vibe. There was a great selection of sweet and savory crepes - we went with one stuffed with ricotta and topped with chocolate and almonds, as well as one stuffed with peanut butter and chocolate. They were both so soft, delicious and satisfying! We took them down with some fresh coffee to cap off a great evening!
5	JoBot is the spot to go for a nice cold Chai or Iced Chamomile Tea at any time, literally their open twenty-four-seven. This place is soo uniquely cool. I like it!!Oh and they even have a cool little piano inside!! Mad nice!! It's weird how I get a look like, " What's this girl doing here?!" almost every time I come here. It's more FUNNY, than upsetting!! :) No worries, I guess I'm not their usual clientele. Oh well, they'll get use to it eventually! It might be the bright colors I sometimes frequently wear, who knows?!.
4	Good things: soy chai latte (honestly the best I've ever had, anywhere), artsy environment, outdoor seating is plentiful.Bad things: limited parking, and the crepes aren't very crepe-y. They're more like tortillas trying really really hard to be French.
4	We stumbled across this coffee shop after an all-day out and about excursion in South Mountain and Desert Botanical Garden. All I wanted was to refuel a little before meeting up with friends for dinner.  Then I saw the magical word "crepes" as the car drove by this part of downtown. I like local places, especially ones with characters. This fits the bill.  I had a giant iced coffee for $3.50 and a classic crepe (lemon juice and powder sugar) for $3.50 as well.  It beats any Starbucks or whatever chain there is. We sat outside, and see that this place must appeal to the artsy crowd. There were plenty of people drawing and doing their "thang" on their laptop.   The crepe was ok, probably should have gone with a more elaborate option (they have a lot of savory and sweet options for $8). I was at this point on a caffeine high since I sucked down that coffee like it was water.Inside wasn't air conditioned and didn't have much comfy seating options, but it offers the important function of charging my dying phone. Visitors: visit this area, there are lots of cool little joints (coffee, shops, restaurants, and a bodega) and stop by JoBot for a cup of Jo
4	Is your inner hipster screeching to come out? It is clawing at you to visit a vintage-esque/non-corporate influenced establishment? Do you want to be served coffee in a non-branded cup and drink it on the lawn of a historical house nestled in the cracks of the central city? Do you want to sit with non conformists, neo hippies. "too cool to care but I am here to be cool" type people?Go to Jobot and feed your hispter ego. It's cute, yummy and a nice little experience in the center of Roosevelt Row. Love the little hipster inside you. He/She needs love too :)
2	We've all been there.  You've been drinking a little too much and the bar closes. You get hungry (I call them the drunchies) and you are willing to eat almost anything. You just want something really good. We made the mistake of coming to JoBot Coffee for Crepes.  We ordered the #1 (Braized Beef, Mozzarella, Swiss, Caramelized Onions, Bell Pepper, Peppercini) the #2 (Chorizo, Fried Egg, Mozzarella, Spinach, Salsa) and the B. (BANANA + NUTELLA + WHIP). The crepe wasn't hot even though it was made "fresh", everything tasted bland and it was not satisfying. Decor was great, service was great and the fact they are open 24 hours on the weekend is a huge plus! However, I'd try something better for your drunchies. For some reason, all of our stomachs hurt that day right after as well. That could just be a coincidence, I suppose.
4	For now JoBot is a seedbed of Phoenix' grassroots future.  I had a sandwich.  One of the newest offers.  The roasted veggie.   If you're a person giving review stars based on car eating ease, you'll probably give the veggie sandwich 1.  For me it was a sit down and take time sandwich.  I've been eating some excellent bread recently.  JoBot serves one of the finest multi-grain rolls around.  The roasted veggies were excellent.  I feel so healthy I just had  to sit down at midnight and write it down.  I did not have coffee at the coffee shop.  I had iced Moroccan mint tea.  I've had  Moroccan mint tea in Morocco.  As with many things in our fair city, the Moroccans worked on their mint tea for centuries.  Phoenix and JoBot have not.  It's still good iced mint tea though, brewed fresh by a deft hand.  There's a lot of ideas circulating here.  I'll be back with one or two of my own.
4	JoBot coffee has on of the best cups of coffee I've had. Paired with their menu of pastries and sandwiches, this place will please your pallet. The only qualms with this place is that some of the food has a higher price than most places (although the taste does offset it a bit) and that the staff is a 5th street niche group. JoBot baristas are nice once you visit a few times, but it will take them a few trips to recognize you as a regular and not an outsider. Overall, good place to start your day, or night if you plan on pulling an all-nighter.
5	the greatest coolest place i discovered on my visit to phoenix! crepes or tacos with cool combinations that are italian or greek.. loved the concept and the food itself!
3	Walked in and ordered a coffee. Place was dead, and the guy behind the bar tells me he won't take an order from there, only over at the edge. I was right in front of him, so we'd both have to walk over there.I told him I just want a Latte, and he said he isn't listening to me unless I move over.Rude as hell, left.Update - Tried it again, much friendlier. Chai was delicious, and a good place to read a book and hang out.
1	I stopped here for my first time and ordered a mocha. It tasted like pencil shavings and was over priced. I recommend going anywhere else for mochas. The worst coffee shop I have ever been in. The week old decaf at Circle K tastes better.
5	Tasty crepes and delicious coffee! I was only in Phoenix for a day and happened to be staying in the neighborhood. This place was perfect.
5	All around sensational.
1	Eww I will never go late night here for coffee. I was even scared to use the bathroom here. There are people hanging outside of the coffee house in the late night which makes it look ghetto. The inside is gross too, I would def get my late night coffee here to go. On the plus side this place is open later than starbucks.
4	-Root beer pulled pork, jalapeno-cilantro slaw with fresh pineapple crepeIt already got me at ROOT BEER pulled pork...but the jalapenos really got Jal-Up-En-O tastebuds because the heat was the real deal! (Don't forget to use their home-made salsa.)This crepe was truly the perfect combo of fruity heat because the jalapeno and pineapple balanced each other out.  Sip on some unsweetened iced tea and cut up that next bite of heat!If you're in downtown Phoenix and you're looking for a non-touristy spot, check this out! ESPECIALLY if you are near Roosevelt Street, where all the art is. The host was also helpful with making suggestions....even told me about FREE MUSEUM WEDNESDAY at the Phoenix Art Museum and the Heard Museum.
5	My absolute favorite place to eat. I have never had anything there that I haven't liked and am gradually working my way through the entire menu lol.
3	Extremely hipster, I wanted to stay and get some reading done but it didn't feel the most welcoming. Aside from that, the baked goods were amazing! Major compliments to whoever is back there, the lavender chocolate chip cookies and lemon-rosemary cake were fantastic. Butter is certainly present, but they are worth it. I'd visit again, but keep it as a to-go order.
5	Crepe's heaven! Super hipster. nice comfy place to relax and have a bite, or some coffee. awesome service and simple atmosphere.
5	This is by far my favorite coffee shop in the Phoenix Metroplex. It's a house.They serve food. It's delicious.Get the Toddy(Cold-brewed coffee). It's my fave.
5	Crepes to die for!  Coffee made in house is amazing.. They have like 6 different teas.  Decor is in an old house, like the rest of Roosevelt Row area.Def recommend to others!
4	the cookies are so big here that your life will seem smaller in comparison.
3	Overrated and overpriced - we tried to go last week and it was jam-packed. Not sure why. The toddy was good but we had to wait to get the attention of the "barista" to get some cream and my friend had to wait after others behind us had been served to get her coffee. The half a breakfast sandwich at $5 was not worth that much but the $3.50 lemon crepe was good. It was ok but not somewhere I'd go out of my way for again.
2	Great coffee and cool atmosphere, but when they made a mistake with my breakfast first it was the employees fault for writing the order wrong and then the manager came over to my table to "clarify" with me that it wasn't their employees fault, but mine for taking the wrong food. The place was full so when she called the name out at the counter I didn't hear her clearly, but saw she was carrying a breakfast burrito, what I ordered, and thought it was mine. Who's responsibility is it to make sure customers get the right product? Theirs. Before placing food on the table it would probably be a good idea to confirm the right table is getting the right order. The employees and manager placed blame on each other and then the customer for the mistake, and were completely rude. The coffee is good, and so is their food but rude employees and bad management will ensure I never go back, and encourage others to go somewhere else.
5	My pal Dayvid recommended I check this place. DANG IT.That weird crepe with turkey breast, bacon, swiss cheese, fruit compote, powdered sugar AND a egg on top is haunting me.Nowhere in Los Angeles has something similar. Now I have to figure out how to make this.Good coffee, good vibes, keep on :)
5	I've eaten at JoBot over 200 times since they've opened. I've never been sick once from eating or drinking there. Anyone who thinks the place is "dirty" doesn't understand that it's clean where it matters: in the kitchen. Check their health inspection history for yourself . Still bothered by the practical use of reclaimed materials, unfinished construction and make-shift furniture? Please take your pampered ass back to the suburbs and drown yourself in a bath in Purell, the regulars love this place.
5	Good tea here, you can really taste the strength of the mint leaf. Great atmosphere, remind me of Silverlake back home in Los Angeles and this up and coming downtown Phoenix.Crepes are made good too, good music. I feel like I am at home, literally it's a cooler historic home converted.
4	Tried it again, much friendlier. Chai was delicious, and a good place to read a book and hang out.
4	Freaking BEST baker in AZ. Sampled the Strawberry and Almond Donuts with a friend. Both were beyond our expectations. Almond was my favorite!
5	Ate breakfast here this morning. Wonderful breakfast sandwich. Can't wait to go back!
4	I came here with my wife because of Yelp. It was great. We had fun and enjoyed ourselves. We'd definitely go back. Food and drinks were good and so was the service.
4	Dropped into JoBot Coffee several weeks ago with a friend and was pleasantly surprised to find they are located in a historic phoenix home converted into a coffee bar. The barista's were courteous and attentive and they serve a great Americano. Yeah, I'm a fan and I'll be back!!!
4	I love this place. Vintage look, neighborhood vibe, nice temperature inside, great people-watching, AWESOME food!I always get the toddy here, but not after 4pm, or I'll be up until the next day. I think that's a good thing, just plan ahead for that though. I really wanted to write this review for the food. The crepes are so much fun. No one does crepes, and they have savory and SWEET. My hubster and I usually get one of each. The salads, beet salad - taco salad - chop salad, all WONDERFUL. The presentation is great too. I do believe this is the artistry of Parris. She has been the chef typically when we come here. This is the only coffee shop open late in my neighborhood. Thanks Jobot!The only reason for a 4 rating is the number of teenagers that swarm outside several times a week. I'm allergic to teens, it must be their hormonal aura or something.
4	This place is a little too hippie/beatnik-bungalow for me, but I am still too much of a sucker for a well run local joint with a solid product to downgrade it for my bias. The atmosphere is nice, comfy, and open. The service we had on our visit was grand. The barista was friendly and informative when I asked her a few questions on the drink I ordered. And, most importantly of all, the drinks were really good.
4	If you are looking for a coffee shop where you can literally roll out of bed and into a hipster-bungalow-coffee world, in your jammies (or whatever other random attire suits your fancy), look no further than Jobot!The vibe here is different than anything else in Phoenix and seems to attract the beatnik artist/starving student type... all decked out with their journals, laptops and shared creative energy mantra.The staff is cool, the coffee is solid and I tasted a small slice of heaven while I was there (the pumpkin pie with graham cracker crust and whip - YUM TO THE MAX!)If you plan on sitting outside, you should be into, or love to be around, chain smoking.
3	I swung by this joint during the summer, and I will forewarn everybody that they only have an evaporative cooler and some fans, which I don't mind, however when I'm trying to study or do some work in my computer, haha. My husband had to do some hw and all of the outlets were taken. It's pretty hipster, rustic, kind of neat, but too hot for the summer, especially when you're trying to get work done. We pretty much just ordered some regular coffees sat down for a good 30 minutes then left because it was a little too humid and hot for us to do our work. We ended up going next door to melt, which was awesome! (Going to write a review for them). The coffees were good, we would like to visit again and try out the crepes sometime, and stay longer too of course! So I will post an update review in the near future!
4	To be completely fair... the extra star is because of the vibe alone.On my birthday I was cruising through Roosevelt Ave. on my motorized bike(R.I.P) and found this house shaped coffee shop where music from around the side of the house lured me in. They had a DJ spinning in a corner outside and bikes lined the front fence. So naturally I gravitated that direction. I walked in and it seemed fairly busy and while I waited in line I scoped out the shelves where awards and novelty items sat. The one thing that cause my eye was the award they received for a chili cook out(or something of that sort) so when my turn came-which now that I think of it took maybe a little too long, I asked if i could try it out, only to find that they didn't have it as an option. I reconstructed my self quickly after this earth shattering news and scanned the menu, at the top of the list is the Jo-Momma breakfast sandwich. Which seemed like a fun take on a classic which I am a sucker for... "An over easy egg on half a toasted torta roll, topped with tomato, spinach, cheddar cheese, pit smoked ham and house honey dijon sauce"The turn over time wasn't bad and because of the live DJ and great weather I opted to eat on the porch. My first thought when looking upon this "sandie" was it seemed like over kill with the spinach, but I pressed on. I tackled this mound-o-leaf and sandwich with a fork and knife and was hoping for some wow-ness, but instead I found I was over looking the sandwich and just trailing off in thought. The house dijon has a sweetness to it and probably lots of potential but it was lost in the leaves and the egg was a little over cooked for me, something I should have specified honestly, cause I prefer my eggs runny, like my nose, jk. Everything seemed to kind of fight with each other and there wasn't an over arching theme or sense of balance I was able to take away from it, but for the price, it filled me up and well that's a win.
4	This is going to be a simple update.I still love the crepes so I'm keeping my rating the same. Finally tried their chai though. They make them with honey so it really changes the taste. Makes them way sweeter than spicy. Trying that once was enough. I want spicy.
5	Nice place to sit n comfy
5	This place has changed slowly for the better.  They have not lost the charm of their rustic roots as they have literally opened their space to accommodate their growing fan base.   Their food is spot on.  It is not just about the crepes here you can get those same items as tacos, sandwiches or salads.  But I stick to the crepes.  Their desserts are made in house and are pretty lovely.  Their daily specials are usually my go to as I have tried just about everything on their menu.  If I could give 6 stars it would be for their CHAI!  Oh those m*th#rF*cK#rs have ruined me for life by serving me some of THE BEST CHAI EVER!! I can no longer go to any other place and have the swill they sell as chai. JoBot brews the tea fresh and they have their own spice blend that they add at the initiation of each order.  That being the case I ask for it to be extra spicy and they add a few extra shakes of that magical blend of spices.  A squeeze of honey and a half pump of vanilla syrup round out this luscious libation.  They only had 2 milk choices, soy and regular,  in the early phases of the establishment.  Now as they develop,they have added almond.  Thank you! If you are looking for a super early morning munch or super late night eats, this is one of the VERY FEW places in the area that can accommodate that need.  Don't forget your roots JoBot.  Don't loose your charm or sell out to "the man".   You are one of the businesses that anchors RoRo and represents the charm and character that is this 'hood.
4	Get the god damn biscuits and gravy! Not what I expected, but brilliantly exicuted. The chorizo gravy, and the eggs and potatoes, just perfect! Local buisness, good folks, please support this place.
3	Great, great coffee. I haven't tried the crepes but from what I've heard they are good. My hesitancy with giving it 4 or 5 stars is the cleanliness or lack there of. I like the local charm , but the owner should look to spruce things up  bit
5	CREPES! Wow they are all delish, and their the only place I know of close by that has them. Iv'e probably had everything on their menu by now and it's all amazing. (Im downtown often for coffee, school, and friday art walks.) And the best thing is - their always open whenever I go by. Coffee is great, lattes are super rich They just took out a huge main wall that separated the two rooms so now, its nice and big, and open. Always good. Always interesting people.
4	I ordered a cappuccino here.  It was fine, flavorful, with a creamy crema; quite soft, and smooth but with a nice weight to it, like a curvy girl.  The cappuccino was sized nicely right.  Open atmosphere inside and out, people hanging about doing whatnots.
4	Went here with friends while enjoying first Friday. Love the atmosphere and just relaxed with a cup of joe ;)
3	A hipsters paradise.
4	My friends and I made a late night stop to JoBot's for some tasty grub after a night of fun in downtown Phoenix. A charming, rustic American Craftsman Bungalow style home greeted us along with a chill, hipster, casual diner atmosphere. Biscuits and gravy are one of my top ten guilty food indulgences and I had been oogling over the menu for the last week over JoBot's chorizo with red gravy version. Most of my restaurant choices are premeditated, yes, strange, I know. Welcome to the life of a food obsessed person.  To my dismay, they were out of gravy. I defaulted to my second choice, the yummy Jo-Mama's breakfast sandwich and a tasty brown butter donut. JoBot's satisfied my late night cravings and I can't wait to come back and try their morning picker upper!
3	Been to this spot a few times. I judge a coffee place on their iced chai. It can't be too clovey, and you gotta be able to taste,every other thing It. jobot hits the nail on the head for this one. The food is good. Not like "oh my God imma flip" good. But it's made in house. Fresh ingredients. Can't go wrong. The atmosphere is awesome. It's in downtown Phoenix. a lot of hipsters. But once you get past that, you can be left alone while you do your homework, play boardgames with your friends, or sit on the patio and discuss basically anything to antagonize the hipsters.
4	The pancakes, though they sound like a strange combination of flavours, are actually delicious! I would definitely come here again. I also got a chai latte, which was decent but not as good as songbirds.The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is the service was pretty slow. I was completely finished my coffee by the time my breakfast finally arrived.Atmosphere is cool and if you are having breakfast or any meal alone, you won't feel like a huge loser sitting there on your own because of how it's set up. Very hipstery but that's kind of everywhere around here. Be warned you may run into the lost leaf bartender here.
4	JoBot Coffee is a very cool and hipster coffee/breakfast/lunch spot. I was in Phoenix for a few days and found this place due to high ratings. We were going on a hike, but i wanted some coffee beforehand and we ended up here. We both got two iced coffees  (it was very strong coffee) and I also bought one Pear donut that was seriously out of this world! Considering the size of the shop, they have a pretty extensive menu and everything sounds and looks good. The best part to me was the outdoor patio - coming from a city that's been under a polar vortex, I was in pure bliss sitting outside in beautiful weather, enjoying the view, and the nice crowd. There was a DJ playing some Indie Rock on the side of the building, so that just added on to the experience. It's also a dog friendly cafe which always makes me super happy since I never see that back at home. I can't wait to come back to Phoenix and when I do, JoBot will be my coffee stop!
5	I'm giving this such a high rating because of the coffee. While they don't put the ingredients in (you add the cream and sugar yourself) it's just absolutely amazing. The best ice coffee I've had in the greater Phoenix area.Seriously I feel really badly about it, like they are cheating and they are giving me something that resembles coffee but is somehow 10 times better!It's delicious and the whole place has a whole "Stay here and type on your laptop" sort of vibe... Just a wonderful spot.
5	Very retro yet hipster. Nice outdoor seating. I had Crepe C. It was excellent. Nice balance of Nutella and strawberries plus their whipped cream was great! Good portion, but if you're hungry one is not enough. Prices are very appropriate. 5 stars for a quick, cool breakfast.
5	Took the kids here for breakfast on a Sunday morning. The savory and sweet crepes we tried were delicious. Very good lattes. Enjoyed outdoor picnic tables, and walked around the neighborhood afterward. Wish we lived closer!
5	Their iced mocha is already enough reason for coming  back here. Its perfectly done, not too sweet with a generous amount of coffee (not watered down). Their ham and jalapeno scramble earns them 5 stars
4	This place is awesome!  This place is what I consider a true coffee house.Top three tips:1) excellent locally roasted beans.2) fantastic in house bakers -- amazing baked goods!!!  Best brown butter donuts ever!!!3) the exhibit local art.
3	Came here a few weeks ago with friends. Breakfast was good, tea was nice, atmosphere ok. I wasn't blown away but I also wasn't disappointed. I love the location and the interior is vintage and original. The outside was ok to have breakfast and enjoy the weather. Moderately priced.
4	Showed up this Sunday and there was a dj playing some easy techno beats that even my mother could enjoy. Very pet friendly and our newborn enjoyed the sound levels as she slept through our late morning pick me up
4	This Sunday, I decided to try the biscuits and gravy. The actual biscuits and gravy were very tasty as were the potatoes, but the eggs were a bit of a miss. One was undercooked to the point that I wondered if I should eat parts of it and the other one was slightly overlooked. I know it can be difficult to cook eggs...But try for some more consistency.
4	Well done! My girl and I were out taking a walk this morning...when she said "lets get breakfast here"...a place that she visits when she is up late studying. Admittedly I am about the furthest thing from what I'd picture the average guest here looks like...and from what I viewed walking in this morning...I would be fairly accurate. I was highly overdressed with my collared golf shirt and Old Navy jeans....but thankfully no one held that against me :pMy love had scrambled eggs with jalapenos/ cheese/chorizo and loved it. I had pecan apple bacon crepes...which were also excellent. We both liked the coffee...not to strong or SBucks bitter Most of these "artsy" places charge you mega money for tiny portions, essentially having you pay for the "experience" of being there...in which case I end up hitting up Mickey D's for a egg mcmuffin or two after I dine at such places just to fill me up, this was not the case here...fair price as well as portion size.....I am impressed....wow...whats happening to me..my GF made me drive her Prius, and now I have been seen on Roosevelt Row eating at a hippie joint...Glenn Beck....save my soul! :) Cant wait to go back and try something different!
3	Cool place in an old two-family house. Friendly staff. Cool sense if community judging from my brief visit. Coffee is custom profiled an toasted by the local Cartel Coffee Lab.  Although the drinks (house-made chai and a cortado) were yummy their technique and bar space was pretty sloppy. The house-made pastries (gluten free and vegan chocolate, doughnut and vegan almond, berry, balsamic doughnut) were awesome. Worth checking out if you're in the area.
5	Come for the cool atmosphere, stay for the amazing food!
5	Late Night Problems... there are those nights at 2 am when every thing with edible food is closed.  You pull out your mobile Yelp app.  You search for restaurants that are open now.... and just some times, you find a rare 5-Star gem and wonder,  "How could I have not found this place before today."  JoBot Coffee is one of those places.Everything about JoBot screams hipster.  It is in an ecclectic part of down town Phoenix, they serve as much local food as possible,  it sits next door to a house-pub, it is in a house itself and  the inside is retro-shic.  AND It is open 24 hours on the weekends.  I fell so deep in love with this place that I wanted to bring my cot and blanket and move in.  The selection of crepes and specials is phenomenal.   You walk up to the counter and order something good.  This IS a coffee shop, so expect brekfast-like options with tasty salads and other things.  Sit at the counter or a table inside or stroll to a table outside on the front lawn.... enjoy food.  Repeat.  Repeat.I can't wait for my return to this restaurant.  I am sure there are more exciting things about this place that I have yet to discover.
5	I am in love with this place! They have outdoor patios, so you can sit and enjoy your coffee or read a book. Also the people here are very friendly. Customer service is amazing they are willingly to help pick the prefect coffee for you. :) Best place in Phoenix. wish they had one in Tempe.
4	One of my favorite places to grab a quick coffee. The salads are very tasty and overall has a very positive vibe. The one thing that I would mention is that the baristas can be rude at times, a few times being approached with a "What do you want?" versus a polite "what can I get for you?" There is a distinction with the service and customer service but I support local business.
4	Cool place. Great coffee. Only thing I would change is the staff. They almost seem snobby or just don't really really care about making people happy. Other than that cool environment delicious coffee and green tea with munt.
5	Well, I've only been here about 10 times or so and I'm not in the habit of making reviews on Yelp simply bc I'm lazy.The fact that they have an awesome version of lentil sammich is enough for me to give 5 stars. But I'm pretty easy going and the people there are rather friendly, or at least, easy going and not uptight. Ambiance is cozy and pretty relaxed. I met a lot of randos there, which is nice, cuz I generally like talking to strangers. I like the wooden floors and tables...except for the Ikea coffee table that's near the couch. Industrial fan blowing is quite handy... given the weather tends to be hot and sticky.I like that it's quiet when they're opened 24 hours. I get a lot of work done.
3	this is a phoenix hipster spot they serve coffee drinks tea breakfast and lunch. this morning having jury duty i ventured into the big city and took the yelpers suggestion and tried this joint out ,its a cool old house in a neighborhood full of other cool old houses all turned into artsy type studios and retail.I had the choritzo gravey and bisquet w/2 eggs and yummy potatos the service was good and effeciente and friendly. personally i thought the biscuits were a bit dry but all in all i enjoyed myself
4	FINALLY we find a 24 hour coffee shop.  Tired of going out and wanting coffee after 10 pm only to find the only place is Dennys for coffee -ick.  Heard about Jobot -  nice local coffee house on the newly refurbished Roosevelt row.  Also serve food 24 hours.  Lots of artists and urban hipsters but a damn fine cup of coffee after 10 pm.
3	The coffee is good but the morning staff needs to cheer up. Smile once in awhile!
2	First time here, and will probably be the last. Ordered a mocha, asked if i wanted iced or hot, ordered iced but found out AFTER I ordered and she was already making it that the iced mochas don't come in a small. It was still pretty good. I liked the atmosphere and music but I have not seen such salty service at an establishment in quite some time. It made me feel so unwelcome that i wished i had ordered our very tasty donuts to go. I felt like I was imposing on them from the beginning. Such a shame because it appears the rest of the food would be good. I had never heard of the place, just stopped in, so i had no idea they serve full breakfast or i might have asked for a menu as i didn't see one out in the open. If they were more welcoming I might have given them more money by asking for that menu and actually enjoy a meal. There simply was no way to enjoy myself with such an uncomfortable feeling lingering. Such a shame, for a trendy place that looks like others, customer service is what makes a place stand out. I guess the way they differentiate is food with a 'tude.
5	The most AWESOMEST thing is it's open 24 hours during the weekends. This was quite handy since I had to find something not fast food nearby at 6am on a Saturday.#9 SAVORY ($8)- applewood smoked bacon & garlic herb turkey breast, jobot mixed berry compote topped with an over easy egg and powdered sugar- PERFECT blend of savory and sweet!- the turkey wasn't dry and quite flavorful- enjoyed every single bit of it.- wish I could find something like this in Los Angeles.CAPPUCCINO ($3)- solid with good coffee flavor- compliments the crepe very wellSERVICE: staff was very friendly even if it was 6am in the morning. They steered me in the right direction as to what to order since the menu is so extensive! Food was made to order and served at just the right temperature.ENVIRONMENT: very quaint setting on the corner of Roosevelt and 5th St. It actually looks like a house from the outside. There is a large outdoor seating area which is awesome for when the weather doesn't get too hot. The inside seating is more like a homey coffee shop feel. There are actually seats at the coffee bar. Some may even say it has a hipster vibe.Overall, great place to check out in the Arts District of Phoenix. May not have the same vibe as Lux and definitely not as expensive. Parking may be difficult as it's a residential area. I would definitely recommend it to others!
4	Late night munchies....Got the Starwberries,Nutella and Bananas crapes  and Vegan Salad. Salad was so delicious. Crapes was decent. Not bad.  Open til midnight and 24hrs on the weekend! Yay
5	This place is pretty legit. I had the crepes and they were pretty awesome. I'm the kind of person that loves personal touch on a place, without getting too carried away. It's a bit small inside but there's plenty of seating outside. The special last Sunday was a some kind of mexican dish that he probably won't make again but is was really freaking good and the prices are very reasonable.
5	If you're averse to hipsters, you might as well look away from this review right now.  JoBot is easily the most hipster joint I've been to downtown.  The customers, the staff, hipsters everywhere.  I've lived downtown for over a year now so I'm used to seeing them around.  And being that JoBot is located right in the heart of the super artsy Roosevelt Row, it should probably come as no surprise that you would see that type of crowd here.  Not only am I not a hipster, I don't drink coffee.  So what am I doing here for breakfast on a Sunday morning you ask?  One word.  Crepes.Just south of Roosevelt on 5th Street, JoBot Coffee occupies one of a number of old historic homes that have been converted to a number of different uses.  Melt turned a house into an ice cream parlor, Lost Leaf turned a house into an art gallery/bar with an impressive craft beer selection, while JoBot went the coffee house route.  JoBot has a nice roomy patio outside that can seat plenty, though during the summer its probably not ideal (even with the umbrellas).  Inside its fairly small, but comfortable as they do a good job keeping it cool in there.  Here you order your food and drink at the counter, then grab a seat wherever (similar to Vovomeena's breakfast setup).As I said earlier, I came to try out the crepes.  I went with Crepe F (cinnamon, apple, & granola drizzled with honey).  I also got Scramble 2 (an egg scramble with chorizo, mozzarella, & spinach).  The scramble came with a tortilla and some wicked hot salsa in case you wanna make a burrito out of it.  Also got an OJ to wash it all down.  Total price was about $15.  The crepe was absolutely awesome.  Fluffy and light while the apple and honey paired beautifully with the house made granola.  Lots of different flavors going on with this one and all of them delicious.  The scramble was also impressive.  I'm not a huge spinach guy, but mixed in with the chorizo gave the scramble a nice gentle texture and there was no shortage of cheese.  The salsa was crazy hot so i didn't mix too much of that in there, and the scramble tasted great on its own anyway.  After all was said and done, I was full and happy.  Excellent breakfast to start my Sunday.One thing that really sets this place apart from other downtown eateries is they're open around the clock on the weekends.  This is something Downtown Phoenix could use a lot more of.  And yet despite this, the place was pretty clean and orderly and the service I received was friendly and attentive (unlike Denny's and some fast food joints I've been to at early hours).So make jokes about hipsters if you must, but from my experience, the breakfast here is legit.  Great flavors, fresh tasting ingredients, and locally sourced.  A nice laid back neighborhood haunt.  They also have lunch and dinner items too which I will be sure try next time I'm here.  And yes, they even have lunch & dinner crepes.  Can you tell I'm a crepe fanatic yet?
5	Jobot is open 24hrs on Friday & Saturday with good coffee, good food, and relaxed chill atmosphere where even thou there is music playing a conversation can still be had.
5	I love coming here to work, to read, to chat with friends, or after beer next door. Best burrito I've ever had, not kidding. They're so nice, too - they lost my ticket for a BLT last time and offered me dessert on the house when my food was late, and they felt so bad! I appreciate such conscientious service. Thanks Jobot!
4	My husband and I came here for breakfast on a Sunday. We arrived around 8 and were pleased to see that there were plenty of seats. We ordered and chose a seat outside. I really enjoyed my Scramble Z (eggs, cheddar, and roasted veggies). I loved the fact that they put in zucchini and eggplant as well as green peppers and onions. It was served with a delicious flour tortilla and very spicy salsa. I also ordered a classic crepe and devoured it. My husband ordered Crepe F. He said it was a little too sweet but ate the whole thing! Then he got a scone. He really liked that. Overall, it was really good, but if you are a picky eater or like a lot of options you may be disappointed by the rather small menu.
4	Not just a great coffee shop. Amazing, creative menu for breakfast and lunch! Loved the crepes too. Don't let the exterior fool you, this place rocks!
5	This is probably my favorite place in the valley.  The coffee is awesome,  the food is awesome, and they often have really cool art.  They host fun artsy events too. If you have never been here it is a must see place in Phoenix.
5	This is a great coffee shop and a great center point for the neighborhood. At first I had my reservations about the place because I loved HoodRide that occupied the building before, but after so many years, I see how this establishment has made a huge contribution to the growth of the downtown community. I love that they are open 24 hours. I have stopped here after a hearty night out (and before driving home) on more than one occasion.This place has the very best chai that I can find in AZ, maybe even the best chai that I've ever had (outside of just about any Indian household). I respect that they make their own chai blend. You can see the bits of tea and ginger at the bottom of your cup. It is flavorful and delicious. Otherwise, the turkey, jam, and cheese crepe is my favorite (#9?), but I also order the veggie omelet and the sweet crepes from time to time.I haven't been in for brunch in a while, but when I lived downtown, I remember them having delicious specials that are not on the regular menu on the weekends.
5	A cozy little coffee shop with some of the most mouthwatering crepes I've ever experienced. If you're in the area it is worth the stop
4	I will definitely be coming back here. Even though the hipster scene isn't really my thing, this place is awesome! I loved the different types of available seating. We ended up sitting outside in a very secluded area for our business meeting. The drinks were pretty good. Service was great. And the food... SOOOOO GOOOD. I ordered the crepe with chorizo and an egg on top and I could not get over how excellent it was. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food. I also had a brown butter muffin thing which was amazing as well.
5	This place is crazy and I love it!  I've always had good Chai and coffee here.  The have some crazy good donuts and I have a salad and veggie burrito that I would definitely comeback for.  It is certainly odd inside - but a cool odd with cool odd people - open to cool odd hours.  It is just what it is and it's proud of it.  There's always a crowd here and we look forward to stopping by on Art Walk nights!  Love it!
2	The coffee is decent. The cappuccino is really good! But I won't be back. We've been there a hand full of times and every time I have been there the barista- same one - has been on the unfriendly side. The first couple of times I thought maybe she was having a rough day. That's definitely not the case. She's just rude.
4	Gotta come thru to checkout their Beats-n-BRUNCH!! Keep in mind that they encourage you to snatch drinks from next door and the DJ rocks the house from across the street.
4	Friendly staff, relaxed place, indoor and outdoor seating. Loved the crepes and Italian sodas.
5	Nice underground type of feel to this place. Good menu, good music, nice girls working, and I like anyplace that let's you bring your dog. Better than a lot of the other contrived hipster places in Phoenix.
4	We came here friday morning for crepes to celebrate my daughters birthday. We got the nutella/strawberry crepe, and the ricotta/citrus/berry jam crepe, they were delicious, large and had plenty of filling. My daughter wanted a caramel macchiato, and the lovely young woman who took our order suggested the caramel latte, since their macchiato was different than what starbucks has, so we ordered both. The latte was good and the macchiato looked good, in a tiny espresso cup, yet I didnt like its flavor so woulnt order again. Since it was her birthday, my daughters drink was free, and she loved the writing on the cup, which was just the drinks name, but very artistic.Great way to start her birthday! (they also had some delicious looking pastries!)
5	Coffee is very smooth and not too strong! crepes are very good, salads are huge and made with fresh mixed greens :) So happy this place is open so late and all night on weekends!!
4	A few of my favorite things:Places that seem hidden, crepes, and definitely coffee.This place has never disappointed. The Baristas are friendly and explain the art of coffee to you, the crepes are delightful.. The Chai was OK. but I'm rating this based on Coffee.
5	Great food and beverage!!! The service is always fast and friendly! If you haven't been here yet put it on your list! You won't be disappointed!!!
5	Love coming here with my friends!  Just to chill and catch up! Also did I mention its open 24 hours on the weekends!The Savory Crepes are soo good! And I always get an iced mocha coffee to go with it.
4	The crepes here are the best, the coffee is damn good, it's right on 5th downtown, artsy, conveniently open late at night, what is there not to like? Walking into JoBot is like walking into an art gallery on First Friday, plus you can get wired on caffeine and and carb overload on heaven. :)
4	I am giving this place 4 stars not for the food necessarily, or the coffee ... but actually for the idea, the space and the fact that its open 24/7 on the weekends! I guess this place is pretty awesome for that, a great space to share a meal, a cup of coffee and do some work at any time you feel like it. Definitely a needed concept in the Bay Area where things are busier and I do find myself wanting coffee ALMOST 24/7.I had their classic crepe, which was just lemon and sugar, but the batter I wasn't a fan of because it's way too chewy and more like ... a burrito wrap than a crepe. The flavors were just ok. The americano I had was good but it wasn't amazing. However, like I said, great place that I worked in for about 2 hours, took some meetings too!
4	I love Jobot...but...the girls really need to put their hair in nets. Pulling three long hairs off of my plate is kinda gross.That's all. Everything else is good. Portions, food, friendly staff and relaxed atmosphere.
2	The coffee here is not bad. However, the service was terrible. The barista rolled her eyes at us when we ordered an extra drink and never once smiled. She didn't greet us when we came in even though we were the only people in there. She just said, what do you want?. We were going to order food but decided not to after her attitude. The art work is cool and they have a big outdoor area.
5	Amazing food. We landed in Phoenix and the first thing we found was JoBot Coffee and did we really find a gem. My sandwich was great while the other crepes we ordered were great too.
5	It's my first time here and I'm in love! My breakfast sandwich was AMAZING! I will be craving that for the rest of the week, and my coffee was so good I couldn't leave without getting a second one to go. I highly recommend stopping in for breakfast.
4	This place fits the hipster and urban vibe perfectly!  Their italian sodas, coffee, and Chicken Chop Salad (one of the freshest salads I've ever eaten) are all amazing! I love coming there to study, hangout, and eat!! It's open basically all of the time and is pretty decently priced in general and especially for the quality.
5	Love love love! Best iced tea selection ever!  I tried the peanut butter and jelly donut and it was fluffy and delightful. Staff is always quick and friendly. Def a great place to take a stroll to.
3	Good coffee, nice crepes, interesting atmosphere, nothing special
5	So freaking good. The vibe here is really chill. The food is crazy good. I love the breakfast burrito with black beans instead of chorizo (simply because I don't eat meat) but I've heard that people love the chorizo. The coffee is on point here as well!
5	The shops on this small street are examples of repurposed real estate. I've wanted to stop in the coffee shop on the way to work. With time to spare this morning, I dropped by for my morning coffee. The shop had opened at 7 and there was already a lively conversation at the coffee bar. The menu had a good variety of coffee drinks, basic but covered the full spectrum. I decided on a cappuccino. Care was taken to remove bubbles from the steamed milk. The taste was extremely good and the expression made to perfection. By default it was put into a paper to go cup; next time I will ask for a "for here" cup. The place is comfortable. Tables inside have a 50's style chrome edge and the chairs remind me of circa 70s school cafeteria. There are plenty of places to sit (open till midnight).  Great option for those who prefer indie coffee shops.
2	some of the staff is wonderful. on the other hand some of them aren't. i am tired of not being able to smile and look at my server in the eye and say "hello". apparently that is not ok to do with some of the staff. particularly the big dude with the pony tail. i am a pretty forgiving person and i understand we all have our bad days...but after the fourth time serving me, do you still have to be rude? one time i asked what kind of teas they have and i get the look-at-the-ceiling-rolled-eyes  and he points and says "there they are." ...a few different containers of teas with labels on them which i can't read. another issue i have is that it is not always 'customer first.' if i'm standing around and don't know where to order, with a bunch of people and they don't know where to order either, help us figure it out....we are the ones ultimately PAYING your PAYCHECK. another issue is the bipolarness of some of the staff, one day the blonde chick is nice, the next she's rude. why would you be rude? i'm paying for my drink, i'm giving YOU YOUR PAYCHECK money. this is a problem that many coffee shops have, a rude staff. however, the rest of the staff is quite nice and awesome:) and really friendly. really there's only two bad eggs. if they would only be nice 95% of the time instead of 10% i would be much happier. again i am a very forgiving person so i hope that they read this and shape up.
1	I have been here twice. They didn't put espresso in my latte this time, and their food was gross both times... Not to mention all of the employees give off an elitist hippie/hipster vibe. Hate it.
1	I support local, independent, small businesses.  I also really like coffee, and I appreciate the art of making it.  It's a bummer that this cool place with decent food has probably the RUDEST employees in Phoenix.  I come from Santa Fe and Portland. I'm used to hipsters that like being rude and people that feel entitled, but is it really worth it?  You are trying to run a business.There's one employee who is nice, blonde, cool lady, kills the barista station.  But then there's the other employees.  I really wanted to like this place.  But the "I'm too cool" to be friendly or say hello thing is really lame.  I'm giving you my money for your mediocre coffee, so maybe you should learn how to be friendly.  I'm a hipster too, and guess what, I can say hello and treat people with respect.  It's not that hard.  I will spend my money at one of the many other coffee shops in the neighborhood.
4	Great coffee and food.A very lay back environment, I wasn't to fond of the customer service aspect, that is the only reason I didn't give JoBot five stars.
5	We did 2 times breakfast at this bar / restaurant and we recommend the menu. Example: American breakfast menu that includes coffee, juice, eggs, bacon and toast for $ 17. Excellent muffins at $ 2-3 and the croissants!
4	Sweet little place in Phoenix - very cozy. Counter service is very friendly and our hot cocoas were just about the best around. I had a simple lemon & powdered sugar crepe. It was cooked with a delicate hand and almost a tiny bit eggy in flavor. Smashing. Hubby had one with bacon, turkey, sweet cherries, and cheese - oh my goodness  - what an amazing combination. Sweet and savory and absolutely rich with flavor. I wouldn't hesitate to stop in again for the relaxed vibe, friendly service, and good eats.
3	Rating primarily for vibe, character of the place, location, and nice staff.  Great place to study.  I confess I was disappointed with the messy espresso shot that was pulled for me, and the coffee was just ok too.  Everything else made me happy though.
2	I've been going here for about 4 years now so I feel my review actually has a fair amount of experience here. The BIGGEST turn off is the people. If you are a hipster or snob you will fit right in! Never once in all the time I have come here has any of the staff been friendly or helpful. First, You work in a customer service oriented industry so stop moaning about how hard it is living in your parents basement because they tell you to turn down your indie records and slap a smile on your face! Second, if I'm paying $5 for a coffee it better be good service and good coffee. It's not that hard to grasp. Now on to the coffee.. It is good coffee but certainly not the best phoenix has to offer . Mocha and their chai is the best on the menu imo. It's worth at least one visit  because it's a great area to walk around and is in a funky shop inside of a historic house so there's lots of character all around. The Crepes they offer are very good if you're hungry as well as some of their fresh baked pastries. All in all Jobot is a decent coffee shop but like I said the staff and "local crowd" that hangs there is far from enjoyable.
5	Quite possibly the coolest little downtown coffee cafe!  It offers a variety of seating options in a comfortable indoor/outdoor retro throwback style. The sweet and savory crepes made with fresh from the farm ingredients are of the highest quality. Just an awesome place to spend a relaxing morning.
4	This one of my all-time favorite coffee places in downtown Phoenix! Great coffee and atmosphere!
4	Coffe was decent.  I think their major attraction is the funkiness that they provide.  Fan of funk :)
5	Great music on Sundays! Perfect if you wanna just chill & enjoy a latte. Sit on the love seat sooooo comfy.
2	Meh, it's an OK place to meet a friend for a fresh coffee or tea. They do make the teabags by hand so that's worth a visit. It is a major hipster joint and the staff have bad attitudes, even to their regular customers. I had one of their chocolate chip and peanut butter crepes which was decent. They do make a good chai latte tea and the coffees are strong. In 2014 they received a bad health dept review, so there's that. Forget about sitting outside unless you chain smoke or want to sit in something sticky. No fresh air surrounds the front door or patio, just clouds of cigarette smoke. Depending on the staff, the music can suck too. Not my favorite place but it is a local business and I'm all about supporting them.
3	I'm not a coffe drinker... Their hot chocolate is ok. The environment is very laid back.
