3	I always found it a bit off having a fishmongers in Marchmont, the hub of student living in Edinburgh. Students, who live off pot noodles and take-away, would never really bother to cook fish, but maybe they do.Although saying that, most times I walk past Shiela's, it's closed! Maybe there isn't much business after all.When it is open, however, it's a great contribution to the area. I came here and bought fresh halibut and prawns for a dinner party, and although there was a strong fishy smell (and my granny always told me if fish is smelly it's not fresh) I found the fish quite good! It wasn't amazing, but good enough for a nice meal.
3	Being a student, you may expect me to live off beans and toast and the occasional microwave meal, but I actually enjoy cooking and fresh fish is one of my favourate ingredients. As such, when I spent time in Marchmont - Shiela's was a gem of a place for something different. The fish is not of the best quality I have ever found, but it is fresh and theres always a huge choice of things to try.I must agree with Emily T. however, this place has very erratic opening hours.
4	This is a decent fishmongers that is very friendly and welcoming.   The prices aren't exceptionally good, but are on a par with most other places bar a few that are the exceptions.If you live in Marchmont it is well worth coming here as it is the best in the area and very reasonably priced through all the fish it offers which are all of good quality.However, if you are living in between Marchmont and Bruntsfield go to George Hughes & Son instead, not because this place is bad, but because that place is better and the best I've seen in Edinburgh.  That said you do get decent value for money from here and locals should certainly pay a visit.
3	The stench of fish is usually an immediate deterrent for me, but as I had just been in to the butchers next door, I decided to check out this fishmongers as well.The shop has been there for over ten years, and there are several in the Edinburgh area. I had a nice chat with the lady in there ( I couldn't work out if she was Sheila or not) and she said they've got the most skilled workers, and probably the best fish in Scotland. I've grown a little wary of self promotion, so it's up to you to decide.What I did find charming were the old fashioned cutting tables, which I'm sure have a more appropriate and technical name, and scales. They're also several donations by customers, to a certain hospice, plastered all over the wall. Nothing like a community conscious fishmongers eh?
