4	Mariscos, Las Islas Del Capitan27th Ave & CamelbackCost: $3Service: 5 of 5, sit down place and nice. Presentation: 5 of 5, came with chips and consume soup.Taste 4 of 5, Good taste, this is more for the shrimp and fish tacos.
5	The place need a bid of upgrade, but the food is awesome.  I got the Campechana cocktail.
1	The shrimp tasted fresh but the meal was WAY over priced. 10 very small shrimp, a small salad, a small portion of refried beans, and a small portion of rice for $12.95. I won't be back.
1	I had high expectations but was let down. The quality of food was nothing special. For the price I paid, I could get much more food at restaurants that prepare from scratch. I felt ripped off after paying my bill.
4	I come in at least once a month since i work close by. Fast service...ceviche is always great. Have had the sopes and flautas and i have paid more for really bad food. I think its a great spot!
3	We live a short walk from here and decided to give it a try.  It wasn't half bad, but it wasn't much more than half good.The establishment is great if you like aquatic themes and some good blasting Banda music (I hope I'm not confusing my genres...).  I'm fond of both, so that was a plus.  The place was generally clean, and the place grew progressively busier, including couples and families.The menu was large but not overwhelming.  They offered a variety of seafood.  Not much else, so if you don't like seafood...don't go?  I love seafood, so, again, good.  I tried something new: Pescado a la Veracruzana.  I thought it was pretty good, but I have no comparison point...my dinner date ordered some tacos with a side of beans and rice.  They didn't have much to say, but not because their mouth was full and tummy happy.I would say the portions seemed rather small for what was provided.  There were complimentary chips and salsa.  The salsa was good, but not awesome.  I did like that they refilled our chips and that the first basket had limes.  They also provided a shrimp soup in a styrofoam cup.  We had no idea what it was but the waitress answered when we asked and it was very yummy.  But, again, not for the anti-fishy type.Service was meh.  I think they didn't care as much since we didn't look like we spoke Spanish (and yes, I do), which is fine, I'm there for the food, but it doesn't earn any gold stars (or red in the case of Yelp :P ).  I also seemed a bit slow considering there weren't that many people there.  The time it took to come back and take our order, for example, seemed to take a looong time to arrive. And then the second basket of chips.I don't regret going, but I'm not feeling so inclined to, at least not until I've explored around some more.On a random note, we had to bands, Mariachis I suppose, one of four and one of two, roam in, but neither stuck around (I guess everyone was too cheap to request a song).
