5	A really great traditional Chinese martial arts school. Definitely the most prominent in Las Vegas, as well as the most complete, welcoming, and inclusive. The students range in age from 6 or so to elderly people, and the breadth of available classes ranges from gentle Qigong and Yang Tai Chi Chuan, through more challenging Chen family Tai Chi and Ba Gua Zhang, all the way to the most challenging acrobatic Northern Shaolin and Praying Mantis KungFu. It's not chopsuey kung fu, or one of those stripmall colored belt factories...it's the real deal, and they really do serve the local community, with lion dancing at the New Year, as well as outreach programs and a strong spiritual emphasis at the center of the curriculum. Not just a meathead asskicking school, but I wouldn't recommend you starting any shit with them either.
5	Funny about Lohan School...I went there from a suggestion of a friend of mine. This place is run by Sifu Steven Baugh and I knew that name...it turned out Sifu my friend in Jr High School's dad. Raul teaches there as well. It's a very welcoming environment. People there are friendly and teach many aspects of Kung Fu. Lohan is a non profit school which made it very appealing because they weren't trying to sell me a 200 dollar outfit or buy weapons in the black market. I loved going to the Spiritual Warrior classes. The community service they do is very admireable. I've seen them on Fox 11 news and doing lion dances during Chinese New Year, they have been to clubs to ward off the evil spirits and promote prosperity and health. I think Sifu is a great spiritual and community leader. This will be good for kids to help build their self esteem and get in shape for the great war with the Outlanders....uh whoops this isn't Mortal Kombat?
5	I have been studying with Sifu Baugh since 2003.  My only complaint is that I didn't find him before 2003.  I have been studying since the 80's, and I have studied with some disreputable teachers.  Sifu teaches: Chen Tai Chi, Yang Tai Chi, Northern and Southern forms of Kung Fu, Praying Mantis, Xing Yi, Ba Qua, and other forms of traditional Kung Fu.  Unlike other teachers and schools I have attended, Sifu Baugh is approachable and humble.  He teaches the majority of the classes, and his only concern is helping you to get better.  He is respected by other martial arts teachers in town, and he even teaches some of them. If you are looking for a traditional Kung Fu school with: experienced and qualified instructors, reasonable monthly fees, no annual contracts, many different styles and classes, no ego, and a place that you can train for the rest of your life, then this is the place to train.
5	I have been a part of the Lohan School of Shaolin for 4 years now, and it has been one of the most amazing experiences of my life. When I first heard of the school, my father took me in to watch the kung fu class and when I walked in, I felt this really strong positive energy, and right then and there, I wanted to join. The school is like a second home to me and the students are like another family. If you are looking for a good traditional kung fu school, this is definitely the place to go.
3	As for pricing, this school is affordable since I was referred by a relative to join for lessons. Despite that, I encourage anybody interested in martial arts lessons to do some research before going here. Luckily, they don't have you sign a contract or push you into testing for higher ranks. When I first joined, I didn't want to join their demonstrations group, but that changed during October of my first year. It was fun while it lasted, but unfortunately, I decided to withdraw from the demo groups b/c of words exchanged and issues with favoritism. I wanted to pursue further into lion dancing, but all that has changed and those teachings were for nothing. We had an instructor from Hawaii teaching advanced lion dance techniques, but his teachings were thrown away like it's nothing. I wanted to advance, but despite my dedication, I was denied that oppurtunity b/c I wasn't "good enough." Yet, some of those who came after me was already doing things I wanted to pursue.  What ruined my experience with the demonstrations team was two of the senior students who degraded me right of front of others, especially when I mess up in a public demonstration. Those two used their ranks as a way to bully me around. Yet, they talked to everyone else like they're friends with one another. If you're not connected with their group or a high rank, then you have no say. My seniority wasn't respected and those who came after were treated as if they had seniority over me, my dedication to go further was ignored and I resigned from there. I felt miserable being there and had to tell the grand master and his son who is a sifu that I had to make that decison. I knew they were counting on me b/c of my abilities, but with what I encountered, I had to leave the demo group. I would give this school 2 1/2 stars, but this rating system won't let me. Nothing wrong with taking lessons martial arts wise, but I'd recommend thinking twice before participating in their demonstrations.  The only thing that's keeping me on going is just the main class which is the traditional kungfu classes they have and I'd recommend that if you're looking for something on the traditional side. Lion dancing isn't my thing anymore, even when I'm at a demonstration performance, I'm just helping out  and I'd rather prefer focusing on the martial aspect instead instead of lion dancing.
