4	Lenscrafters...the standard in "while you wait" glasses, almost exclusively located in malls around the country.  My boyfriend had been wearing glasses taped together on the sides for oh, about 9 months now, so I decided to make him an appointment for new specs.  We were in and out in a matter of two hours, counting the wait time for his new glasses to be made.  The staff were knowledgable and friendly, without being pushy or trying to force him into choosing something he didn't like because they are "trendy" (it's happened to us before!)  They were also running a special, so we got $100 off the frames and lenses, which really helps when your insurance only covers the exam.  All in all, a great experience.  We will be back when I need contacts! :)
3	A-OK indeed.  I wouldn't seek this particular Lenscrafters location out, but since it's right next door to my eye doctor, it's become my Lenscrafters.  Mind you, it's pretty decent so far as these things go.  The staff is polite and helpful.  However, their selection always seems limited (although I do always manage to find something I like).  Also, they never seem to have enough people working.  This last time, my lenses were indeed ready in an hour, but I sat there for 20 minutes while I waited for one of the rushed associates to have a free minute to retrieve them.  This was on a Wednesday afternoon, so I suspect weekends are probably even crazier.
1	I was quoted a price for a new pair of glasses and lenses that were in the 50% area. Came back the next day excited to buy the glasses and was told the glasses were not on sale for 50% and that the quote someone gave me the day before was wrong. The new quote was DOUBLE what I was quoted the day before! Not only was I disappointed about the price, but the sale associate was rude and didn't care about what had happened. I will never shop at Lens Crafters ever again. What a horrible experience! I also came in many times before and the employees never helped me. They were just sitting down doing nothing. I honestly don't know how they are able to stay in business if they don't help customers or at least ask.
1	There is no doubt that the ambiance is better than many other optical's shops but the prices are very high. We saw the same product in Carolina's mall in sears Optical's at a way lower price point. I am definitely disappointed.
1	I wouldn't even give them one star at this location!! Beware Dr. Jeffrey Musler and Associates optometry group PA!!! This was the worst service and experience I have ever received!!! The ladies at the reception desk are horrible!!!! I called to order contacts and they were utterly confused. Miscommunication across the board. The receptionist said "maybe" they'll go ahead and service me and they might call me back and hung up on me! I was simply trying to order contacts as the doctor told me it would be easy as calling in to do so. Terrible place and I would not recommend this facility to anyone.
