4	I've changed my original rating from 3 to 4 stars because its a good relaxation place for those of us experiencing lots of stress.True Rest is a relatively new business in Phoenix and provides an intriguing service -- floating :) Yeah, you read it right -- floating in the water, but feels like you're in the open space!The Float itself was actually very comforting and relaxing. The Pod (thing where you float in water mixed with tons of salt - that's what makes you float) looks a bit like a stomach of a pregnant woman. So when I floated inside with the door closed and lights off, for a while I imagined how babies feel inside the womb. Feels pretty safe and comfortable! That is if you are not claustrophobic...  Then i imagined myself being an astronaut in the open space. Also, amazing - but the only problem you can only move in one dimension :) Anyhow, you can imagine anything you want or simply clear you mind and relax into the silence. Needless to say, I liked to float, but 60 minutes was a bit too long for my tastes, but I may be way too much of an active person. And, i also had to open the door of the Pod sometime in the middle of the float because I felt that i did not have enough air...Other than that, the facility is clean but not too stylish. The informational session may need to be more detailed. For example, i was not told that I had to get out of the Pod before the cleaning water stream turns on... I thought it was part of the process... and it actually felt like the "nature" was pushing me (=the baby) out to the light (=out of the Pod)! Some sort of "re-birth" :o)It was a fun experience, but I didn't feel much stress relief - maybe because i wasn't stressed that much.
5	IT IS A MIRACLE!! I had knee replacement surgery three years ago and I have had chronic pain for three years since the surgery; (much more than before the surgery) - every single day AND night. After the surgery I wasn't able to work any longer due to the chronic pain. I have been on all types of prescriptions both orally and topical - all they did was to help lessen the pain. My surgeon keeps suggesting more surgery and after this knee replacement experience, I am terrified of additional surgery. I Thank God I was fortunate enough to have experienced "floating"; not only does it feel fabulous but, I have had three days And nights of Zero Pain - No Prescriptions - No Pain! It is a True Miracle. I have been able to walk every day; twice a day and ride a bike with my son. It has been wonderful to experience life again. I felt immediate relief after my first float and after four of them I was "pain free"!!!!! I of course sleep better and am able to have a more fulfilled life with my children and able to walk to strengthen my legs. It is a Miracle!!!
5	It has been over a week since I wrote my last review and I want you to know it is still A MIRACLE!!  I STILL have close to zero pain 24/7!  I was in chronic daily pain before floating the five visits I have had.  The pain also woke me up every night.  Not anymore!  PLEASE try it for you and your family's sake!  I am walking every day and able to enjoy life more.  My leg is getting stronger every day because I can walk on it and exercise it to get it stronger and healthier.  Good Luck to you.  No more pain medications or even ibuprofen for me!!
5	Best relaxation and PAIN relief, I've had in years. I have had 2 major spinal injuries, including a grade 5 rupture of the L5-S1 disc - which had to be removed during my last microdiscectomy. TrueREST has shown me the light at the end of the tunnel. I thought I would be stuck in bed for years, ever since starting floating, I have noticed a HUGE homeostatic change in my life and body. I am not as tired as I once was, I have been able to start working out ( swimming ) and haven't really "swam" for exercise before. With TrueREST, after every float, I KNOW i'm going home for the best night of sleep, followed by a very energetic week thereafter.  The employees at TrueREST are great!, and I love the way it's set up , very quiet atmosphere , and after floating you go in to a quiet room that has minimal lighting, a Beautiful Giant fish tank, and an Oxygen Bar to use as well. - If you like a little more oxygen in the TrueREST pod, just leave the lid cracked about 6 inches to a foot, makes the breathing easier, for sure. The lighting inside the REST pod is another thing I'll comment on, I love it. There are several colors of the rainbow, and the music ( i leave it on the entire time ) is so helpful in getting your mind to relax. If there was a way to give more stars I would have, I have found TrueREST to be one of the most amazing things people in pain can do to lessen the pain ( while inside the REST pod, you're in a zero gravity state, so no pressure on any part of your body equals NO PAIN in the pod. I have had several floats now ( around 10 ) and i will continue to use this as a way to recover from my injuries, and  every other benefit I get is just a bonus! God Bless TrueREST!
5	Words can not explain how amazing of an experience this place is. Perhaps it sounds weird to those who have never done it, but if you have any type of body pain, are stressed out, or just need some "me time", you owe yourself a trip to True Rest. My husband, who is normally hunched over like an old man (he's only 41) from back and neck pain, is able to carry on pain and stiffness free for days after a float! It's something you just have to experience in order to believe it. The staff and owner are also just amazingly kind and helpful- huge plus when I'm there almost every week! I love you True Rest!
5	Like many people, I found out about floating from Joe Rogan talking about it, he's a big proponent of floating and even has his own tank in his house.A couple years ago I started looking for a place to float in AZ but the only place I could find was in Sedona, quite a trek for an hour float.Recently I did another search and found out there was finally a float center in Phoenix (North Scottsdale to be specific).  I gave it a shot and although my first float wasn't the psychedelic experience I was expecting based on Joe Rogan's descriptions, each subsequent float has been better.  My 3rd float last night was my most relaxing and I'm glad I have one of the membership packages to keep me going on a regular basis.  I'm even thinking about upgrading to the twice or even 4 times a month package.I also got to meet one of the owners last night, Nick Janicki.  He truly is passionate about floating and how it can benefit so many people.  I'm glad to see them doing well, this is something everyone should try at least a couple of times, it definitely takes practice to quiet our mind despite the constant bombardment of stimuli on a daily basis.
3	I have chronic upper back and neck pain from my job, and I heard good things about flotation therapy in relieving muscle pain.  I usually go to get massages to ease out some of my muscle tension, but I decided to try flotation therapy to see how effective it would be.At your first visit, you are shown a video which highlights the purpose of flotation therapy and some things to be aware of.  After the video, each person gets their own private room for privacy, which includes a small shower for use before and after the float.  When you first enter the float pod, the water makes your skin feel kind of slippery due to the concentration of epsom salts.As for the float itself, it took some getting used to just floating in the water in a dark, enclosed space.  It also took some time for my mind to stop thinking about random things, and tasks to do before the week is over, and to focus on relaxing.  So is flotation therapy worth it?  If you are going in to meditate and relax, flotation therapy, compared with getting a massage, is a more passive form of relaxation.  Since it is a more passive form of relaxing your muscles, part of me was wishing I had someone kneading out knots that were giving me soreness rather than letting meditation and being immersed in a weightless environment take its course.  Maybe if I try a few more floats it will become a better experience for me as I get used to this type of therapy, but for now I am more of a massage type person.
1	The boyfriend and I were intrigued by the idea of this type of relaxation. I personally thought it was a little price-y and didn't go until we went to celebrate his birthday this summer. -- All in all, this wasn't for me.We were taken in and shown how to float in the pods by the desk attendant. I gotta say -- I did not enjoy it! The water felt all thick and warm and I felt like the pod was stuffy. I kept getting salt in my eyes. Luckily, they keep a spray bottle in there for just such a trouble! I also didn't like the aurora light show they have going on! Between the awkward floating and the lights, I got a bad headache and became nauseated. After half an hour, I got out, took a shower and laid on the bench in the room to recover. They do have a neat room at the back of the spa for you to dry your hair and get made up afterward, which I thought was nice. They offered complimentary oxygen bar afterward, which we tried-- also not a fan. When we left, we were pressured by the attendant and also the owners of the store who were there to sign up for more floats. When we said "no, thanks!" he said we just didn't know how to relax "the right way" and that we should buy at least three more floats to "learn" how. We passed.In all fairness, this place was pretty busy -- so people must like it! I don't experience any chronic pain, so maybe that's why I didn't appreciate it as much as other Yelpers... I wouldn't even recommend it if you got a float for free.  In my younger years, I  used to go
5	My first float experience was a few days before Thanksgiving and I'd gotten a GroupOn so took my adult daughter as well. I'd looked it up, researched the salt float method, read reviews and since I love to float and have a stressful job, decided to go. I was excited about the first float and it surpassed my expectations. I can never meditate so after seeing the video they show you on a first visit, I decided to just count my breath to see if I could clear my mind. After showering and getting in the pod I had the music on for the first 10 minutes and kept the light on that amount of time. Then I turned off the light and the music went off and all I could hear was my breathing. I liked the humid air in the pod and I started deep breathing and counting. My mind kept going back to thoughts of the world, but I just came back to counting. After I think 30-40 minutes I realized I wasn't counting but by resperations were deep and slow. My heart rate must have been really slow and I was relaxed. I began to experience what it must have been like to be in the womb with out all the flips and jabs. You actually don't move if you stay still. It's amazing! I thought for the first time "I'm actually going to give myself this time." No one else, not kids or work or anything. I had a laminectomy 14 yrs ago and always have back pain but after that float I felt no pain for about 3 days. My second float was different because I was really upset about something. I didn't get the psychological results but I did get the physical relaxation. I'm recommending it to anyone who will be willing to try it and not to think their experience will be the same as mine. My daughter really enjoyed it too. It's for people who want the health and psychological befefits of floating with no pressure points, no sound (unless you want it) and no bombardment of technology for one peaceful hour. If you're going to have a stressful event, I recommend going the day before. It's clean, small and the owners and staff are very smart helpful people. I cannot say enough about this method. It's better than any spa treatment or massage I've ever gotten. The first time I did the oxygen bar and it's okay. You can go in the room with the bar and just relax for a few minutes at no cost. The other great thing is that there's no tipping unless you are getting a massage too. I'm impressed enough to join. :)
5	Thanks to Groupon I finally took the plunge and tried floating.  It's one of my favorite activities in the pool but not very relaxing due to fear and danger of drowning.  This sounded like a perfect way to get my water fix, floating fix and much needed relaxation time.  I teach yoga so I know relaxation techniques however something passive like floating was very appealing to me.The staff was courteous and knowledgeable.  Very good vibe, clean rooms and detailed instructions on how to "float".  I was in complete HEAVEN!  At first I thought I would feel confined, but the pods are roomy.  Ambient music played for the first 10 minutes, then golden silence for the remainder of my time.  The pods do have lights which you can leave on, off or put in color change mode.  I opted for complete darkness.  Music resumes when there is 5 minutes left. This was an unbelievable freakin' awesome experience.  While floating I meditated, silently chanted some mantra and just vegged out.  Also got in some good stretches and twists which felt amazing being suspended by the salt water.Their membership packages are a great deal, and even though this is a bit of a hike from my home, I opted to join.  This is going to be a monthly thing for me.  This Pisces gal sorely needed some water time here in the desert and True Rest delivers.
4	Tried another float here, and it relieved a lot more tension than last time!  It was like my body was more accustomed to the weightless feeling so it was easier to relax.  My back and neck felt a lot better, but it took some time for me to get the right position to rest my arms so that my shoulders would get some tension relief, so my shoulders were still a little sore.P.S.  Really bad idea to itch your nose or eyes while floating!  Stings like a b!^*#!
5	I think it helps to do a little research online and get an idea of what this floatation tank stuff is all about instead of just walking in and jumping in head first. You are laying in a tank of Epson water, if you want to spend the entire hour focusing on the fact that you're in the dark, naked, lying in water, it's weird, and you're spending money on it, then you probably won't get much out of it. Google "isolation tanks" and "benefits of Epson salts". Also, check out a few YouTube videos, especially from Joe Rogan http://y2u.be/KeqmKwsvM58. Like he says, "LET GO". I go into the pod thinking "this is mind and body therapy" and letting my mind relax and wander. I take advantage of the oxygen bar before and after if possible. I also take a long hot shower before and after the float. It is good to clean off all of the body's oils and get real clean before going in and washing the Epson water off after, and hot showers just feel good! I also relax and slow down my thoughts, start taking deep slow Yoga type breaths before the float, and focus my thoughts on drifting off out of reality for a few. John C. Lilly, a medical practitioner and neuro-psychiatrist, developed the flotation tank in 1954 use to take psychedelics like LSD and Ketamine before going in an isolation tank. I am not sure this is such a good idea to experiment with hard hallucinogens at a place of business / public place but an interesting idea.Getting in the tank I feel like Mork from that 70's show Mork and Mindy when he comes to Earth in a big white egg (pod), http://y2u.be/EbEBErvW-Uc HA! I have found that the first 10-15 minutes I am still a little distracted on the whole laying down in a pod experience. Then after 10-15 minutes I start to wander off and trip out a little about whatever is on my mind and sometimes have had dreams, but not sleeping, so I still remember everything when I leave. You know when your session is over when the water filtration kicks on like a waterfall / alarm clock. I have always left the spa feeling calm, relaxed, and de-stressed.It is hard at first to be awake and not take in any audio, visual, and touch senses. The music may seem like a good idea but I like the idea of giving the senses a break from outside distractions, so I go without. I try to embrace the fact that I don't have to focus on those senses and let my thoughts run wild. Think about it, ever met a blind person and noticed that because of sight loss they have a very acute sense of hearing? Well what about loss of sight, hearing, and touch? The mind can relax and focus on other processes like inner thoughts, ideas, dreams, or if nothing else just take a break from the everyday sensory input.It would be cool if True Rest had an unlimited monthly package for under $100 so I could go more. But, compared to buying my own tank, finding a place to store it, maintenance, buying 1,000 lbs. of Epson salts every 6 months, and running water and electricity to the pod all day then I guess the package prices aren't too bad.True Rest Spa is in an easy to find, safe location, just off the 101 with plenty of parking. I can usually get an appointment same day which is convenient, and the facility looks to be well kept and clean. The staff has always been kind and courteous. I usually bring my own towel to save a few bucks and my iPod / headphones to listen to some chill music while watching the fish tank at the oxygen bar before and after the float. Say hello to this guy next time you are in http://flic.kr/p/9kFiJnFloat... float onnnnnFloat onnnnn, float onnnnn
4	I came here because of a Groupon, but I'd initially heard about True Rest from a Facebook? ad a year or so ago. I'd looked into it, been intrigued, then never went (you know how it goes).Ran the Ragnar Del Sol last weekend so was hoping to schedule this float near that to see if it helped with soreness.So we finally went yesterday. Very...interesting.We were told ahead of time to bring a towel, or you could rent for $3. We got there, filled out a short form and watched an instructional video. I'd already prepared by reading the other Yelp reviews, so I knew a little what to expect. First thing when your session begins, is you take a shower (there's one in each flotation room) with provided shampoo and body wash. Stick your wax earplugs in before your shower so they mold better without water droplets getting in the way. Once you get in, I highly suggest not touching your face! When I climbed in and lay in the water, I kept feeling like there was as drop of water in my eyebrow from the shower that was about to run down into my eye. I managed not to touch it, and I continued getting those sensations of something on my face off and on throughout my float, which was moderately distracting.The instructional video suggests counting your breathing to try not to let your mind wander too much.  So I tried a lot of deep breathing from yoga.I had a bit of a headache and then my stomach started to feel a little iffy, which I wasn't sure if it was from floating itself (and the video says you might feel a little nauseous), or the ginormous coffee I'd had a bit earlier or the fistful of vitamins I swallowed on the way to my float... But I just tried to relax and breath through it and I noticed it would go away and return, but overall not too bad. They do say that most people have a hard time relaxing their head and neck because we just don't trust that the water will support us and I'd read the reviews about some people saying their neck becomes sore from all the head-lifting.. The video suggests clasping your hands behind your head/neck, but I found that it took work to KEEP my hands clasped or else they'd just slide apart and float down.Being a Chiropractor, I'd say I'm a little more cognizant of that my body is doing and I very purposefully tried to relax my neck, yet still felt like something wasn't letting go...I did ok keeping the lid to my pod closed the whole time, It perhaps felt a little stuffy, but not unbearable. Music plays for first 10 minutes, shuts off and then turns back on for the last 5 letting you know it's ending. The video suggests stretching for the last few minutes. So I reach to grab my leg while laying down, to stretch my hamstrings, but I throw myself off balance. SO then I try doing a symmetrical happy baby pose, which also throws me off balance except this time I almost tip over. I jolt to prevent from going under and proceed to splash my entire face with super salty water! UNpleasant! I reach for the little squirty fresh water bottle inside the tank and spray my face and hands, but it really didn't do much. They tell you to try not to move to trick your brain into relaxing. The couple times toward the end that I did move my legs a bit, I noticed my knees were stiff from being still the whole time! Last night I noticed my upper traps and neck and lower back were a little sore and I don;t know if it's from my floating position or from doing push-ups that morning which I've not done in ages...My time is up, I climb out and get back in the shower. I just had my hair highlighted the day before so now I'm wishing for Conditioner,but alas, there is none.They do have a room in the back with hair dryers and lotion and deodorant (but no spray in conditioner??)As far as relaxation goes, I'd rather have a massage or go to a nice Yahweh Yoga class.This place is 25 miles from my home in central phoenix but I'd give it another shot. They'd get one more star from me if there was conditioner :)
1	I bought a Groupon for this place as I was intrigued by a friend of mine who swears by this place.  Not for me.  I had a fantastic massage 1/2 hour before my float at the Massage Envy across the street and I'm pretty sure I ruined all the good the massage did in this float session.  Its painful through the shoulders and neck as others state its hard to let your body float the first time, but I was nausous afterwards and I just can't see how anyone would pay to feel this way.  It didn't take the pain away in my lower back as I had hoped and now my neck is all stressed along with my shoulders.  Others Yelped that the Oxogyn bar is free, I was told I could add it on for 10 bucks - passed on that.  I felt uneasy an on pins an needles all evening after floating.  I am very in tune with my body and realize that epson salts release toxins, I take them at home and also get regular massages and adjustments.  This was just too completely weird, couldn't wait to get out of there.  Also, I don't understand how they clean these things.  Apparently, some cleaning device starts up right after the float, which I heard go on, but did not see any water draining and when I left 10 minutes later, the tub was still full.  I don't think they drain the water - ew!  Oh, and you have to sign a waiver that you will pay them $500 if you pee or deficate in the tub - really?
5	Relaxation is a serious business for me, as I don't have a lot of free time.  Massage? It's nice, but I'm almost always still thinking about work or things I need to do. The very first time I tried floating, I was sold. The second time, I was enjoying the Oxygen Bar afterwards and suddenly realized I felt a bit strange. It took me a moment to recognize what I was feeling: true, complete relaxation.I love being able to turn off the outside world -- no lights, no sound, just me, floating weightlessly in deliciously warm water. As my mind begins to quiet, my breathing deepens. At some point, I can't feel the difference between my body and the water anymore. It simply gets lost in the water. And it's fabulous. Near the end of a session, I'm so relaxed I can simply turn from side to side in the water and my spine realigns painlessly. I always sleep well and dream more vividly after floating, and I try to do it every couple of weeks. If I had a tank in my house, I'd probably never get out. The membership is very affordable, with no long term contract.For me, True Rest really is as good as it gets. Try it, you'll love it.
5	As a stressed computer support guy, this float thing seemed a bit on the weird side.  I'm not a spa or yoga type of guy.  I was surprised on my first visit when all the customers waiting for their appointment were guys also.  The first float was not unpleasant, but I had a hard time staying still enough to not bump into the tank sides.  I'm originally from the gulf coast so the humid salty air in the tank was familiar to me.  I had read it takes a couple of appointments to get comfortable so I signed up for a second try.For the past six months, I have tried to visit a couple of times a month.  The second and subsequent visits were very relaxing.  Getting over the newness of the first visit did make a big difference.  After a tough day, a one hour float makes me I feel like I could knock out another eight hours.  I usually don't, but it is a good way to end "one of those days."
5	Recently I was terribly sore from working out and lifting weights. I called and made an appointment at the Float Spa. While driving to my appointment I was drifting exhausted. I did it. I floated and rested. I came out feeling great. My soreness was gone, I was re energized and I felt great. The salt had extracted all the lactic acid from my body. The next morning when I woke, I felt great. Some sense of the pain returned, but I was 90% recovered.I highly recommend the Float Spa. Now I am working on the Mind part of the float!Jeff Cameron
5	I've been willing to try True Rest Float SPA for a while. Curious about the whole idea of float therapy. Did not want to pay $80 for something I was not sure I was going to like. Got a Groupon last week and imediately signed up for an appointment. I chose a night appointment 8:30pm on a weekend because that's when my mind is not busy with work and can try to relax. Came in 15 mins earlier as instructed. Was asked to sign a waiver and watch an intro video. In my opinion, this whole process took long that needed. Then I was taken to the room and explained how to Pod works. The private rooms are basic but clean. I honestly wished for a bit more SPA-like feautures, but not really and issue. I brought with me my own ear-plugs and towel. Took a shower to get ready and slip into the Pod. The music and light were on at this point. At first, I though of leaving the pod lid open, not too feel enclosed, but once in, decided to close it and leave only about a foot open. About the lights, was not sure to leave them on, but after 5 mins decided to switch them off. There is a big black botton inside the Pod you can press easily. The first sensation is strange, you need to find a still and confortable possition. Try not to move, so your body does not drift and hit the walls. Once you get in the mood, the feeling of weightlessness can be distracted by simply having a toe or finger touch the wall. So its important that you are well centered motionless. My neck was stiff, and felt not too confortable. So decided to put my hands on my neck for a while to support it, but after a while my hands slipped by themselves and my neck pain went away. It took me a while to relax. started feeling some drops in my face (which you should not touch at no cost because of the salt water), after about 10 mins I was completely relax, almost to the point of falling sleep. Of how relaxed I was I dont recall anything else, till the filtering machine started. That waked me up. I really like the experience. Definetly will do it again. Thinking on signing for the one float a month (maybe two if my wife likes it) membership. I do a lo of cycling (mountain biking), and my legs and back get sore, so the floats will help. What I like the most, is the feeling of weighlessness. At a point I could not feel any sensation, only my mind driftiing and feeling relaxed. I left home and had one of the most deep night sleep I ever had!.
4	I'd say, must try before you die. I liked it at the time. Did it completely silently and blacked out (lid closed). However, I had fucked up hips for two days after. I think i must have tensed up without knowing it. I'm sure it's gets better during the second float but I don't know that I'd ever be interested in the second float. I did it to force myself to meditate. There must be better ways.
4	You definitely need to try this experience to see what it's like. Remember the movie "Altered States"? Well, it's a much nicer cooler pod and surroundings, and no I didn't have any altered states. I did have a very relaxing total quiet float. You can read the other Yelp reviews to get an idea how it starts from the moment you walk in the door; they are all very accurate. All very professional and "yoga-studio-like", as opposed to the "spa-like" environment I was kind of hoping for. I didn't feel weird about being naked, the keypad lock on the door makes you feel totally safe to have you and your belongings safe in the room. The first ten minutes the music plays ever so softly and a faint crack of light appears when you close the pod. After the music fads, the room and pod go totally dark (no soft blue backlighting in the room) which is a little weird. The earplugs they leave out for you, you need to mold/squish in your ear to keep the salt water out. So you feel nothing, see nothing, hear nothing (except your breathing in and out which is actually quite loud!). I was able to relax in Yoga Corpse pose and occasionally a toe or finger would float to the side. I moved a bit a few times. I felt like a rotated a bit in the pod too. I was not able to fall asleep which was fine. The hour went fairly fast. I don't remember many thoughts in my head. I enjoyed the quiet. When the music comes back on, it's very faint, but they tell you to get out soon, as the filtration system does start up after 5 min of music. Yes, you do want to get out before that happens. I felt good when I got out (albeit a little slimey from the salt water) but the shower and liquid soaps took care of that. The oxygen room wasn't up and running (they have ordered more tubing) but everything else was fine. I actually slept like a baby that night, my sore back from over-twisting in a mean Power Yoga class felt like new again.  I'd like to also ask them about how regularily they change the water, how long the filtration system runs, and how they make sure they sanitize it in-between people. Is the filtration system all they do or do they check on each pod hourly and check/add chemicals or stuff. I might try this again if the price is discounted, as $79 a float is too steep. My Groupon at $39 was a good price point. My only reason I gave True Rest Float a 4/5 stars was the expectation of a "spa" as opposed to an austere yoga studio. Attention to a little more pampering would be nice and a notch up in quality of surroundings would get them a 5! (oh one last thing, turn your cell phone off, mine was set on vibrate and I heard it very faintly buzzing once - very faintly!)
5	After twenty years repairing and supporting computer systems, I have a chronic painful nerve in my right wrist and forearm.  Doctors and surgeons say it is the start of carpal tunnel syndrome.  Physical therapy and being careful has prevented the need for surgery.  After a couple of visits to float in an Epson salt saturated bath, nerve inflammation has subsided.  While not a cure, this is the first time in years I have not had a painful right arm.  I'm now a true believer in True Rest.
5	Wow. Just... WOW. Groupon sucked me into committing, but I have wanted to try a float since watching Altered States many, many... many years ago. I wish I had tried this sooner, now. All of the website info should be reviewed before taking 'the plunge', har har. Laying in an enclosed pod for an hour is not for everyone. For those who are willing to give it a shot, it may end up being an amazing experience. The facilities are very private and clean (salt notwithstanding), the staff is super friendly, informative and helpful, and the experience is just insanely transforming. That is the most I have relaxed in MONTHS. The total lack of pressure on neck and spine is deliriously delicious. The sensation of buoying on top of 1200 pounds of Epsom salts in body-temp water is incredible. The option to snuff the lights and leave the pod closed gives total enclosure and complete escape from the world. For those who prefer, the staff will be happy to leave the music on for the whole hour, and the pod can be cracked open for some cool air. I took a deeper plunge and bought a membership (no contract, month-to-month). The friend I brought for my first float loved hers too; my sis will be with me for the next one. I am so excited for her as she discovers this new experience. Highly, HIGHLY recommend.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for a while now, and they just came out with another Groupon so I had to get one!  The $39 Groupon is a fantastic price to try this out if you are a little skeptical of it.  I will preface by saying, I really don't think this is for everyone, but everyone should at least try it with an open mind.  I can think of a few people I know that would probably be horrified sitting in one of these pods in the dark for an hour.  I however, am definitely a believer!  The experience was incredible.I was a little worried that I wouldn't get the full effect on my first time, because apparently it takes a few sessions before you can fully relax and appreciate it.  This was not the case with me though.  I can safely say it was thoroughly enjoyable.After filling out first-timer paperwork and watching a short video, they take you to your private room, and you first shower, then get into the pod.  You'll be amazed at how buoyant you are in the pod, its almost impossible to get underwater.  I opted to do it with the pod closed, lights off, music off.  I highly recommend anyone trying this to do the same, I can't imagine doing it with the lights on or music playing, completely defeats the purpose of the whole thing.  For the first 10 minutes while the music is still playing, find a comfortable position that your body likes.  Ideally, you should stay in this position the entire time.  Takes some time and adjusting to figure out what is most comfortable, but once you find it...stay there.  Focus ONLY on your breathing, count each breath.  If you can successfully do this, and not let your mind wander, you will be greeted with a pleasant lucid-dream like experience about halfway in that really is hard to describe in words.  Its like sleeping, while being somewhat awake...almost out of body-like.  Afterwards, when you "wake up" you feel incredibly refreshed, relaxed, and rejuvenated.  The feeling afterward tops any good massage I've had before....incredible!From getting in the pod my thoughts went in a progression from:-"Umm...ok, I have to sit in this thing for an hour?"-"Well lets just play along and do the breathing thing..."-"Ok, I'm relaxed...its not so bad, but still, an hour of this??"-"*FOCUS* on breathing Blake!!" A matter of minutes pass where I successfully stopped thinking about things and all I could think about was the sound of my breathing and my heartbeat.  The mere idea of thinking about NOTHING, and having ZERO stimuli around me actually gave me a wave of anxiety, almost to the point where I thought ok, I might need to get out of this thing.  But I fought that and continued to focus back on breathing and quickly began relax again.  What resulted was an incredible lucid dream-like state, where I was essentially asleep, yet awake.  I wasn't seeing things like in a dream per-say, it was a dream of nothingness...all I could hear was my faint heartbeat, and that's all that existed in my head and world at that point.  Words really can't explain it very well...but it was fantastic.I have a suspicion that a good majority of people will not let go of their mind and thoughts enough to relax to this degree, but it is certainly worth the effort to try.  I highly recommend trying True REST out...and do so with an open mind, open enough to leave your thoughts and worries behind!So why not 5-stars you say?  Well upon recent, I've been pretty stingy giving out 5-star reviews.  The whole experience was definitely 5-star, but I feel the "spa" could be a little more spa-like.  The rooms have a damp, humid smell to them (go figure?)...maybe somehow get some lavender scent going on in the room?  Just a thought!  Not a fan of the plastic material lining the showers...re-do the showers in stone....hell if my gym can do it, so can a "spa."  These aren't really negative criticisms, just me offering up some suggestions!
3	I gave it a try for the first time and left on the edge. At one point in time I was completely relaxed and fell asleep. There were a few things that kept bugging me that left me questionable. I have really sensitive eyes and kept getting the water in my eyes and it burned like crazy. After a few times of rinsing my eyes with clean water, I was unable to completely relax again. Needless to say, I will definitely be trying it again, maybe with goggles.
5	Now I did not do this, but I gave this for an anniversary gift to my bf!! He enjoyed it!!! He has a pretty stressful job and so I thought this would be perfect instead of the typical massage. He said the facility was really nice and the staff were really friendly and knowledgeable. He commented he would do this again!! On a side note..I asked him if I woukd like it, I mean I get restless tanning, and this is for an hour...he said no I probably not enjoy it. Oh well.
5	Holy mother of Pearl! Where have you been all my life, True Rest?I was taken here by a friend as "payment" for house sitting for him a few weeks ago. Honestly, I thought the whole idea of floating in a saltwater bath was pretty hokey (this guy tends to be a little out there, if you're catching what I'm throwing) so I didn't expect to have a life-altering experience. Much to my surprise, I was completely amazed. After an orientation, completing a form (which included a notice of a $500 fee if you defecated in the water!) and watching a short video, I was off to my private room to shower and soak. The silent and dark, with the lid closed, option sounded like the best way to fully immerse myself into this experience. Here's what I discovered: We all float down here, including me; weightlessness feels great and relaxing; I carry a LOT of tension between my shoulder blades; this water burns your eyes; after 48 minutes in this environment, I become anxious; I'll be going back again.My friend Keith said I'd probably sleep better than ever that night, which wasn't the case. While my body was completely relaxed, my mind was fully ignited. I could probably have invented Post-Its if I focused on that. But I did remain physically at peace for several days thereafter. The Noob-Kit all first-timers receive includes a packet of Epsom salt so you can attempt to recreate the experience at home (I haven't tried this yet). True Rest offers packages for monthly floats.
