4	Good food, huge portions, and reasonable prices - not to mention friendly, attentive staff.  Not sure what "salty and bland" means (pick one or the other, please), but this place is neither.
5	Local, simple and delicious. This Italian restaurant is economical and family friendly. I had spaghetti and meatballs. Yum
5	Excellent Italian & Greek food selections. Large portions and economical price. Very friendly and attentive staff.
1	A wet noodle graced my menu. The sweet tea was sour. The bread was tasteless and the marinara tasted like microwaved Ragu. The ranch was watered down for my brown lettuce salad. The shrimp was like rubber. This place is a hot mess.
4	We ate dinner here tonight and really enjoyed it.  The server immediately offered us breadsticks with sauce that were yummy.  My family had a small pizza that my two girls shared, and didn't finish, a Stromboli, and some of their greek chicken.  I can say that it was all very fresh and tasty.  Our server Chelsea was very attentive, and made sure we had what we needed.  We ordered the strawberry shortcake for dessert, and this is the only thing that stood in the way of a 5 star rating.  I have a personal vendetta against the red goo used for strawberry shortcake, so it wasn't my fave.We definitely have added this place to one of new favorite joints to go to for a quick, reasonably priced meal, where all of our tastes can be accommodated.  I think next time, I'll go with the homemade carrot cake!
4	I went for lunch on a Friday. The service was exceptional, as was the calzone I had. The dough they used was delicious.
2	We eat here often and went here for dinner on 8/8/14. Food is great, but since combining Billy's barbecue menu and staff service has gone downhill. Waited for over 30 mins for food at the 1 hr 15 min mark, we asked for boxes for leftovers which never arrived.  So we paid and left as we were tired off sitting there. Waitress was nice but entire staff totally overwhelmed by Friday night crowd. We told the manager but she seemed to not really care or offer anything in response. We won't return for a long time if ever.
1	You might as well get a can of Chef Boyardee.  The sauce taste like it's out of a jar. It's so easy to get fresh produce, I don't understand why restaurants insist on using caned and frozen produce and dried herbs, but charge as much as much as a restaurant in the city. Also, the service leaves something to be desired. When the waitress wasn't helping a table, she was sitting at another table in the dining room eating. He literally yelled across the room, "can I get you anything?"I also saw a waitress pull a set of silverware off a table she had just cleaned after a couple of diners left..she inspected and decided it the silverware wasn't used, so she threw it back into bin at the front door, so it could be given to another table. How did she show the silverware wasn't dirty?
