3	We stayed here in May 2009, and we are going back to Montreal this May, but are staying somewhere less expensive with a bigger kitchenette in the same area. There were four of us who had booked a room for a music festival we flew to Montreal to see, and we all showed up with our laptops so we can stay in touch back home (cuz what is a vacation without work?) However "Complimentary High Speed internet" does not mean high speed wi-fi, so we had to take turns plugging our laptops in or dragging our shit into the lobby, which was the one place where the wi-fi actually worked (even though it was super slow, high-speed my ass!) The "Fitness Centre" consisted of a treadmill, a bike and some weights, which looked as though they had all been purchased in the 70's, and since the room had no windows you could open, it got really stuffy, really fast. I think my favourite part of our week-long stay though was the housekeeping. Now, I don't mean to blame the housekeepers, but since the hotel had given out discounts for all the out-of-town people who were staying there for festival, you would think they would not wake us up at the ungodly hour of 8am, especially since the festival went until 3am, not to mention any afterparties... In any case, we went to the front desk to see about getting a "do not disturb sign" and they told us they didn't have any. So we decided to draw a picture of us sleeping and turn it into a home-made sign. Magically, a "do not disturb" sign appeared on our door handle the next morning! Hallelujah! We were safe to sleep in for the rest of the trip!  The hotel did offer a complimentary breakfast, if you were able to drag your hungover ass down to the lobby before 10am, and honestly free doesn't always = good. Only two of the four of us were able to swallow our liquid dinners long enough to run downstairs, fill up a plate, throw it in the fridge and run back to bed, but most of the time it wasn't really worth it, unless you wanted to try and strike up a conversation with some of the other zombies who were staying for the festival too. I should have just stashed some cereal or granola bars in the hotel room. I will give the hotel props for storing our luggage on our checkout day since our flight was in the afternoon and not in the morning, I really did appreciate that. I guess the reason I am only giving this three stars is because it was pretty pricey, even split four ways, and as someone who has travelled a lot, I have experienced better.
3	Rooms: Larger than normal Holiday Inn Express rooms, complete with a kitchenette, sitting area and separate bedroom area. Much like a suite-room, the kitchenette is perfect for someone who is staying a few days, with a full sized fridge. Rooms were clean, but the bathroom sink area was a little small for two. Shower heads were CRAZY! Mine sprayed a wide area, causing the floor outside of the tub to get wet! Desk has a wired connection for free internet. Front Desk: Not as friendly as other locations but was able to service me fine. Concierge:  I must have asked them over a dozen questions about the local area, including places to eat and how far is this place from that place. They commit to any restaurants by name, but did tell me a good area to start looking at. Combined with Yelp, I was able to find some good places. Funny enough, the Front Desk deferred all questions regarding the area to the Concierge, which was 10 feet away. Guess they don' want to step on each other's toes. They offered free maps geared towards tourists, which was SUPER helpful!Breakfast: Typical, standard. Too bad they close it on time, right away. Unlike Hampton Inn, they don't leave coffee available all day. Lots of seating.Location: I thought this location was "downtown" but with any location like that, you never know what you're going to get. This location is about 2 blocks from Chinatown and is close to 2 different lines of the Metro. The hotel is close to the Saint-Laurent stop on the green line, but is a sketchy walk through an area similar to the Tenderloin in San Francisco, minus a lot of people hanging around begging for money. Many stores were boarded up and covered with pictures or concert ads. The other stop it is close to is the Champ-de-Mars on the orange line. They both equal distance from the hotel, but the walk is nicer and seemly safer to the Champ-de-Mars location. Don't be scared of the Metro either. It was very easy to get around and VERY fast. Definitely stay at a hotel close to a Metro station. The walk to Old Montreal was about 15 minutes and closer than it looked on the map. Weird: This location shares the same building as Candlewood Suites. Hmm how is that possible you might ask? Apparently, Holiday Inn Express uses floors 2-8, while the rest of the upper floors are occupied by Candlewood. Two different entrances on the same side of the building, yet elevators are used differently. Weird right? I am not sure how I feel about that. The hotel above us was a lot cheaper. In some ways, I wonder if I was bamboozled? My only comfort is that the Holiday Inn Express got better reviews on Yelp.   If you've never stayed in Montreal before, I would consider staying in Old Montreal (old school/touristy) or closer to Peel street of Downtown (bars/restaurants/shopping). I think those areas tend to be pricier, so if you have a budget this location will be just fine. I would probably not feel the comfortable staying here by myself though, knowing the area I might have to walk through at night.
4	I was a little disappointed when Hotwire returned the Holiday Inn Express for my trip to Montreal. But once we got there, we were more than pleasantly surprised.The room: Huge, clean suite. Large, eat-in kitchenette - minus a stove. We had a living room, large bedroom, and nice bathroom. Two TVs. Not fancy- it is a Holiday Inn Express afterall...Freebies: Warm breakfast (eggs, sausage or bacon, yogurt, assorted breads cereal), Internet (not wifi, and not terribly fast)Location: Awesome. We walked everywhere from here very easily - Chinatown, Old Montreal, Latin Quarter, Mile End, etc. The area itself wasn't particularly hopping, but it's safe and close to the action. Parking - $18/night valet...a bit more that i wanted to pay, but not exorbitant.All in all for $109 a night a great deal and a relaxing crash pad to enjoy the city from.
4	This is an excellent alternative hotel to book for a convention.The room was large with a kitchenette.  We booked a room with two double beds and a couch.  It was nice to have the separate living room area since we had multiple people staying in the room.  The kitchenette doesn't have a stove, but it was otherwise well equipped and convenient.  The housekeeping service did a good job as well.  The internet was free, but did not work that well in our room.The breakfast was a surprisingly good.  They had both hot items like eggs, sausage and make your own crepes and the other standard items you would expect like bagels, toast, fruits, yogurt, coffee and tea.The staff was helpful and gave us good recommendations for places to eat, and gave good directions.  I would definitely recommend staying here.
4	Nice place. Clean, great location. Can walk easily to Old Montreal. Right on the 747 bus route to the airport. Friendly staff, but sign for no pool. But hey, that's not the most fun you can have in Montreal. You can walk to anything from this location and they have great room rates.
3	Crucial info: The Days Inn the next block over has a bar.  This one doesn't.That aside, the relatively inexpensive and massive suites easily and comfortably sleep four people (for no additional charge!) with the pullout sofa.  Our showerhead dripped, and the televisions are the old-fashioned tube variety, but the beds were comfortable enough.  Oh, and there was weirdly one day when they didn't come to clean.The free continental breakfast was exciting every day though, with fresh cinnamon rolls, apples and bananas, English muffins, bagel, bread, oatmeal, four varieties of cereal, a pancake-making conveyer belt, yogurt, hard-boiled eggs, bacon or sausage, plus some egg dish (scrambled or omelettes--beware that they may have meat though!).Free wifi in the rooms, a fitness facility we didn't get a chance to check out.  We were there for a convention at the Palais de Congres, and the walk was easy and quick.The 747 bus takes you to and from the airport, but make sure you're paying attention to the stops, or you may end up at the terminus in the dark of night, sad and alone in Montreal.  In other news, a cab will cost $38.Oh, and there's no room service.  You do have to venture from your bed to be fed.
2	I've only used the conference room facilities at this location and I have to say it's not that impressive. The rooms are stuffy and humid, and it seems over all hard to properly control the temperature. Coffee that is being offered during conferences is pretty bad too. I can't say much about the hotel rooms.
3	The Holiday Inn Express was a cozy Canadian home away from my American home while vacationing in the marvelous city of Montreal... what better way to kick off my return to Yelp (after a long hiatus) with a review on this hotel?First off, the room was surprisingly big, with double beds, a TV and a small kitchen area complete with a fridge, microwave, coffeemaker, sink, and dishwasher (no stove, however). There was also another office-area, a separate room, actually, with a desk, another TV, and a sofa bed. The bathroom was okay, nothing out of the ordinary.Wifi: available and for free, but you do need to ask for a passcode.Also free: A map of Montreal!Room cards: We were four people with four cards but only one worked, and when we asked for new ones they gave us replacements that didn't work either.... not cool.Also not cool: The concierge at the front desk gave us directions to the nearest Chase bank... even though, unbeknownst to us naive tourists, there are no Chase banks in Canada. We wandered around the neighborhood for a good 2 hours before we went to another hotel to ask the front desk, and we were told "This is not New York State." Ouch. Wish OUR concierge told us that since it was after all, our first visit to Montreal. Okay... didn't want to waste a few hours going on a wild goose chase when I'm on vacation, and minutes are precious, so for making a mockery of New York tourists and wasting our time I have to deduct one star.What I liked the most about this hotel: the free continental breakfast that actually served hot food!!!! They had  a pancake machine that spat out two small pancakes at a time, eggs, bacon, sausages, and cinnamon buns! Yummmmmm........ and they had bagels and slices of bread, yogurt, cream cheese, fruit, peanut butter, and hot coffee, of course. On weekends, breakfast ends at 10 but during the week it ends at  9:30. Me and my friend found out the hard way when we stumbled into breakfast a little before 10 on a Monday only to find one of the employees cleaning up and putting stuff away. Noooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!! But she was SUPER nice and gave us some of her pancakes that she had for some of the other employees. I don't remember her name, but thank you! :)Location: Near Old Montreal, Chinatown, and Rue Sainte-Catherine and Boulevard Saint- Laurent. There's also a train station a few blocks away.So....would I stay here again? Oui!
1	This place was terrible from the second we walked into our room. I booked through Travelocity - a standard room for two adults. This equals a room with one full size bed. When I went down to ask if there had been a mistake - since we needed two beds - I was told that's what I had booked. I don't like arguing with people in customer service, since they're just doing their job - but i did ask him to check again since I would have never booked a single bed room. I was told that I had probably "not paid attention, and clicked wrong." Yeah - that's what happened... OR you have a very misleading policy, and didn't actually save the room i booked 3 months in advance.. This wasn't ever resolved, and my friend has to sleep on the pull out couch for 3 nights. That was the biggest gripe, and perhaps it tainted the rest of the experience. But really, this hotel is kind of gross. It's on par with a nice hostel (if you want to be nice) - yet you're paying a hotel rate. Everything outside of the lobby is super depressing, the elevator requires you to swipe your card each time (was there seriously a problem where people were abusing elevator usage???), the air conditioning in the rooms does not work properly (feels like a damp/humid high 70s at all times), the signs that say ice machine on each floor are taped over since there is actually only one, in the lobby (decided we didn't want ice that bad to go back to our room to get the card to use the elevator to get the ice......), there are also two stains on the couch, a dishwasher but no dishes (what's the point??? just so you can say rooms are so well equipped, they even have a dishwasher??), and elevators that don't work/ have call buttons but are annoyingly much closer than the ones that are functioning. Heads up, there's also a $50 deposit upon check-in.... you get it back as long as you dont acquire extra charges - but still, it wasn't mentioned at all during my booking process. PROS: free wifi, free continental breakfast (though they really should label their "egg dish" - had ham in it... also, would be nice if there was a sans ham option), good water pressure, location. Bottom line - I would never stay here again and would recommend friends avoided it as well. For strangers, if the rates at this hotel are SIGNIFICANTLY cheaper than the dozens of others in the area - sure, go for it. But if it's a $10 - $20 difference, I wouldn't bother risking the quality of my vacation because of a low-rate hotel.
1	If you are a fan of hotels with rooms that smell like urine, and staff that treat you like shit, then you have found your go to in Montreal!DO NOT mistake this Holiday Inn with the other Holiday Inn on Sherbrooke St.  Totally separate hotels.Let's detail experiences at this hotel.Pros:- It's walking distance to Chinatown, and Old Montreal.Cons:- The first room that we were assigned to (517) smelled like someone had just pissed all over the floor and let it marinate for a few hours.  Imagine that smell as your greeting to your hotel room.  Lovely thought isn't it?- The second room we were assigned to looked and felt dated.  Like 1995 called, and wants their carpets and furniture back.  Do you want to touch something that has been used for several decades?  I don't.- The kitchenette contains NO kitchen utensils.  WTF?  Why give me a kitchenette if you expect me to have to go out and buy my own forks and knives?  Useless.- Breakfast sucked ass.  Big time ass.- Service sucked ass.  Even bigger ass.  Basic requests (i.e., there is no remote control for the TV) took over 2 hours to complete.As you can see by the weight of the pros and the cons... this wasn't the best experience.  If you have a choice, please do yourself the favor and avoid the Holiday Inn Urine-fest on Rene-Levesque Blvd.
3	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in Montreal this summer.  The Sheraton was full, so I decided to give holiday Inn a chance.First I should go down Memory Lane, this new modern hotel is about a block away from Chinatown, where my parents always used to take us when we were kids.Our room was a "family suite"  it featured a kitchenette, sans oven, a living area with two queen beds, and a separate room with a sofabed and an office desk.  This was built as a condo.  As such it lacks Central air on the floors.  All of the units have mini-split AC units.  Great if you're going to convert the building into condos - bad if you're trying to use it as a hotel.Plusses- 5 minute walk from the Metro- 5 minute walk from the Desjardins Complex- Desjardins complex has a full grocery store in it, so you can stock up on food and drinks for your fridge- free continental breakfast- our TV broke, and the maintenance guy was there in 10 minutes and had it fixed in 30 seconds- fully bilingual staff- Rue St Catharine is just north of you and has a lot of good restaurants for dinner, and one nice creme glacee stand.Issues- The AC unit is in the separate room, so if your kid closes the door at night, the rest of you lose out on air conditioning.- there is a small parkette nearby with hobos.  We saw one hobo making out with one of the statues of a Separtist on Boulevars Rene Levesque.- wireless internet does not work too well.  It works quite well in the front lobby, but intermittently in my room.  We complained a few times to the front desk staff, but they were of no help.- the hotel cannot control this, but there are streetwalkers on Boulevard St Laurent.  Keep that in mind if you're taking an evening walk with your kids.
3	It's certainly not a luxury hotel, but I was quite satisfied with my visit. I stayed two nights, in a suite. The funny thing is, I had meant to book at the Holiday Inn Select closer to the Palais Du Congres but messed up on the Holiday Inn site. It actually turned out to be a blessing in disguiseThe good: It's very affordable. My total bill for two nights in a suite was comparable to what one night (with parking) would have been down the road at the HIS. Parking is an additional $20/day but over at the other Holiday inn (Literally less than a 10 minute walk away) would have been $27. My suite was clean, and had the normal hotel considerations. It had two large TVs (but there are only a handful of channels, and I didn't care to watch any of them. They do have both English and French channels). The staff was wonderful to deal with. No overcharges, they explained everything on my bill. I thought I'd end up getting charged for two nights parking even though I had explained I only had a car one night there, but they got that without me reminding them at checkout.The bad: The room was severely dated in the furnishings. I seriously felt as if I had stepped back into 1980 or so. It's fine, I was just staying there. The bed was clean and comfortable so I didn't care much. The heater was a bit odd in my room, it either was too warm or too cold. I didn't care that much though. They have the heaters that only come on when there's activity in the room so this could be partially at fault. The shower had some sort of stain (yes, I'm one of those who cleans the shower when I get to the hotel. you never know...even at nicer hotels). I couldn't get it off. But they included a rubber shower mat so it was fine. And the location is strange. I was there to attend a conference, so I wasn't too interested in nightlife but there is the old Red Light District within a short walk away. I guess this could be filed under "the good" too, depending on what you're going for. Also included is a breakfast. I only had breakfast one day and it was just a quick one. It was edible. I didn't care for the coffee there, but I found it very difficult to find good coffee anywhere in Montreal. The hot food was standard hotel fare. Which is about where I put the food from my high school cafeteria. It's edible and you can find enough okay stuff to eat but don't expect to be writing home about it.All in all, it's a good value. If I went to this area of Montreal again for business I'd stay here. I wouldn't use it as my romantic weekend escape plan though.
4	Our two night stay was really great here. I like that I can depend on the Holiday Inn brand for consistent experiences wherever I stay. At this particular location, the parking is a bit tricky, but it is great to have it available underground to the hotel. The rooms are clean and well kept, and the staff are friendly and helpful. The complimentary breakfast didn't disappoint either; lots of choice, including my two favorites: boiled eggs and oatmeal (yeah, not the most exciting choices, but they are reliable!)One note for this location: the elevators are older, and a bit temperamental. That's okay, but just be warned that the key card access is sometimes finicky. However, I'd rather a secure but finicky elevator over a non-secure one any day. Other good location notes:  - near Chinatown, with great options for dinner - a close walk to the St. Catherine's shopping area  - an easy bus or metro ride to the Plateau or other sights
1	Worst hotel experience of my life. We had to sign a waiver, saying we wouldn't complain about noise. The hotel booked 100s of teenagers from Ontario on a booze and drugs binge fest. The hotel reeked of weed the whole time, slow, broken, spat upon elevators. No effort to herd the children when their suitcases took up the entire lobby floor. Noise at all hours of the night.Oh, and my door was left open all day by cleaning staff!!! Several attempts to procure real plates and cutlery for my room left unanswered. Finally ended up with plastic and paper -- and a cold dinner. Stay clear.
3	Nice Place,clean, Good Locations
4	This was exactly what I wanted. A clean place to sleep, in a convenient location with courteous staff. I don't need anything fancy from a hotel, I just want a place to sleep. The only issue I had was that my keycards stopped working, several times. This wasn't a huge problem as the staff was great and always fixed it quickly. But the fact that it happened a few times, and I encountered people in the elevator with the same problem, makes it worth mentioning. But it wouldn't stop me from staying there in the future.
3	Very convenient location from which to launch a visit to Montreal, as it borders the Latin Quarter and is a few blocks from China Town and Old Montreal and a few more blocks from much of downtown. The staff are friendly and efficient and during our stay the hotel lobby, elevators, parking, entranceway, and the breakfast area were all clean and well - even with lots of folks passing through and a couple of days of wet weather.The room gave one the impression that the building had been converted from an apartment or office building perhaps in the 1960 -70's because of the odd layout of the "suite" and the dated nature of the fixtures, closets, doors and windows. It was certainly service-able but not really positive. The A/C had a musty smell so thankful we were able to open the window and take advantage of the fresher air in downtown Montreal. There was a fair amount of street noise for rooms facing the Blvd, so if you can get one on the "back" of the building that might be quieter, and try going above the Forth floor too. The bathroom could have benefited from an overall remodel or a sterilization as there was a little mildew in the corners and the lighting was too dim, and the toilet (very low to the floor) worked but was loud and ran a swirl of water for about 1 1/2 minutes very slowly. Strangely we could not book a King size bed here, even booking directly from their own website. The do have some parking space for their guests and it is directly below the hotel so that was convenient and the price was fair. The kitchen was what one might expect at an extended stay hotel, and was largely unnecessary. The furniture, it's arrangement/ placement in the rooms and the locations of the electrical outlets were quite odd as there were cords stretched to the max and some lights would not work until you moved them to a different outlet. Several of the light-switches turned nothing on-off. But the location was good.
4	I stayed in this holiday inn for three nights this December. The room I got was clean and cozy. It's on the main street but very quiet when you sleep. Pro: The staff were very nice. I arrived at about 9am in the morning asking to store my luggage, and they checked me in! The breakfast is excellent. There were plenty of fruits, milk/yogurt, bread/cake, oatmeal, pancakes, etc, of different flavor. I didn't try lunch or dinner in this hotel since there are many restaurants in the nearby China Town.Con: Internet (wifi) is not very fast, but usable.I definitely recommend this hotel if you plan to stay at downtown Montreal.
