4	Quality dance floor, vintage atmosphere, all-around cool event. Happens once a month on Saturday. Come here to learn swing dancing or just sit back and watch. The venue smells kind of funky but isn't pungent enough to significantly affect my opinion of the place. Important to note that the bar is cash only.
5	If you want to swing, lindy hop or balboa, the Saturday Night Stomp is the place to be. The adventure starts with the location. Just east of Fremont East, you get away from the neon and into the gritty old Vegas. The Knights of Columbus Hall isn't recognizable from the street: You have to look for the symbol above the door on the side of the building. The door opens to a narrow stairway, leading up to a throwback bar from the 70s, wood paneling and mirrored, panoramic Bud sign included. The bar is cash only, but  the prices are the cheapest you'll find in town. There's usually a vintage movie or dance clips playing to add to the atmosphere. There's a pool table available for non-dancers who enjoy the vintage lifestyle.After the bar, you'll find the heart of the event, the main ballroom. A perfect wood floor, 50s-style lighting, and room for dancers and tables make the ballroom comfortable for everyone.Besides an emphasis on solid, danceable, period music, the monthly theme nights get everyone on the floor. DJs rotate throughout the night, so there's always fun new music. The Vegas swing community is fun and open, so let a DJ know if you're in from out of town for your chance to jam, and ask anyone to dance. We have more follows than leads, so ladies, please ask the gentlemen to dance, and don't be offended if they ask you for the next one. The cherry on top is that proceeds go to a local charity, usually to a Knights of Columbus service project in the Downtown area. Not only are you privy to one of the best-kept secrets in Vegas, drinking cheap and good drinks, and dancing with fun people, but you're doing it for a good cause!
4	As a beginner/novice dancer, I am usually intimidated by the social dances that I go to. So much that I sometimes just stand in the corner and watch. At the Stomp I went to (well, it was actually my first time at the event!) this month, I did not feel out of place very much and had an enjoyable time.Stomp is a monthly themed event for the (swing/lindy) dancing community. Dressing up is encouraged. There is usually a lesson prior to the actual dance. The dancing area is large and spacious enough, with tables and chairs surrounding the hardwood floor for people to sit and relax. Music is "swing only!" and ranges from a variety of eras.If I had a suggestion, it would be for them to advertise more. For instance, I only found out about the guest instructor workshops that occurred during this month's event only a few hours before the workshop from a friend. Unfortunately too late for me as I had plans that afternoon, plus I did not know if it was "beginner friendly".PS You can find more updated (better?) info on Stomp at their FB page: https://www.facebook.com/SaturdayNightStomp
