1	If I could give it negative stars, I would. The only good thing about them is their price. They are also a pretty good size, but everything is cheap, broken, and poorly made. I guess if it's all you can afford and you don't mind sharing your home with hundreds (probably thousands) of roaches, then they aren't bad. We moved in almost a month ago, and have been begging management to do something about the roaches but all they do is spray on Wednesdays and that does nothing. We have sprayed and fogged and baited and nothing works. We kill between 30 and 50 a day/night. It's horrible! We even have bites from those nasty things..seriously, google it. I'm not walking back in that place besides to get my (probably roach infested) stuff out. Besides the roaches, their playground and gym and everything else is always closed. The pool is so chlorinated it burns your skin for days. And it's not the safest place to walk around at night. I would rather be poor in a decent place than try to save money at that hellhole. I could go on for days, but just ask yourself, do you really want to live in a place that doesn't care that they are completely infested with roaches. All the residents I talked to said their place was just as bad..am I the only one who can't live like that?!
1	We just recently moved out of these apartments and it was the best thing we ever did.  During our year of living in this lovely place we encountered tons of roaches, mold, and broken, run down equipment. Not to mention the management. They were the biggest jerks we have ever had to deal with. They never fixed our things in a timely matter nor did they care too. Very rude and ugly people.
5	I was a bit skeptical about these apartments because of other reviews I read. But I am very comfortable here. It is so quiet, I love it! Rent is cheap. I love my apartment... I would recommend this place. The only thing I dont like is that the mail was broken into. So I just have my mail sent to my parents house. But other than I love it here!
1	It wouldn't let me do NO STARS. These are the worst apts ever. Me and my girlfriend had problem after problem. The people in the front office are so arrogant and unhelpful. It took then 4 weeks to fix a leak in the ceiling of our bedroom, and it took them a week after we notified them of having no kitchen light to fix/replace it. I want to stand on the street corner and tell everyone to stay away from this place.
1	I was so happy when I found this place it was near my job and it was super cheap and nice I lived in the corner back so no one bothered me I had moved in right before winter ended everything looked new cabinets carpets but then it started to get hot and thats when I didnt realize I moved into a SCORPION infest place it got crazy I mostly seen them in my rest room and 2 in my room by my bed and 1 in the livingroom and everyday I found 1 outside my door and belconie . I swear I lived in fear and they only spray weds but I would call the office and they dnt give a shit cause its like normal . I probably would of stayed if I didnt have a 3 year old and 1 on the way . My niece live in the apartment s too and she said shes seen scorpions and my neighbors got stung on the neck and I know the family of a child which died from a scorpion sting . If you have kids I dont recommend you living here its not safe . The maintenance did there job and I hate the damn speed bumps .
1	I also would give this place negative stars.  I wish i would have read these before i moved in.  i have lived here a week and i am ready to pay the $800 lease break to move out.  first of all, 2 days before i move in they tell me that i have to pay a deposit of $319 for my dog plus and extra $25 per month and they don't take cash.  i moved from out of state and had no extra money and did not get to look at the place before i came.  my rent is $865 per month, but after they add this and that, i now pay almost a thousand per month.  IT IS NOT WORTH THAT!!!!!!!  then the day we move in we have ROACHES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! my parking space is not even by the apt.  my husband has to find a spot that is uncovered. which there are about 5 that people never move their cars from.  I have 7 people who live above me whose kids stampede back and forth allllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll dayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!  i plates expired on my car because i have not been able to get them switched over yet (I've been here 7 days) so they put a tow sticker on my window that took me half an hour to get off.  Cathryn, the manager i guess, gave me 4 days to get it taken care of, but i told her that i can not get  money until the 29th because we moved from out of state and my money has to sit it the bank account for 10 days.  she didn't care.  she asked if i could store my car somewhere else.  i looked at her and walked out.  there are a million speed bumps.  it took them 3 times to give me a key that actually worked in the pool.  when i called about the roaches, they did send someone on monday, who i waited until 3:30pm to show up only to tell me that, "did they tell you that we are going to bomb the place on wednesday."  no they did not.  i'm soooo glad that i sat here all day so they could tell me that.  people are not friendly.  i would not recommend this place to anyone, EVER!!!  the apt is dark and outdated.  my dishwasher was, i'm sure, made in 1975!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  they layout is so jacked that we could not even get a couch through the door.  the kitchen absolutely sucks ass and if you are short you are screwed because the shitty cabinets are sooooo, high.  this place completely sucks ass.  i can't believe that i live in this place and am working feverishly to get the hell out.  IT SUCKS DO NOT MOVE HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I did my initial tour with Mark. Super nice guy. After viewing other apartments in the area, I decided to rent a 2 bedroom 2 bath here. Stacey is who I dealt with when signing my lease. Super awesome & knowledgeable. She made everything so easy. I've lived here for 3 months now & have had no issues.  All the office staff & maintenance are always friendly & go out of their way to help. Highly recommended!
