5	First, I was only going to give this store four stars because always being asked for change is annoying.  On second thought, I realize this is part of what makes this store click so it is all the way five.A consumer needs to know some general things about the 99 Cent Only store chain.  They  really have an amazing variety of stock at nothing more than 99 cents. In some cases, you will find items for less.  (Try regular, or low sodium, V 8 juice for 59 cents a can. When I say they have a variety, I have purchased everything to computer parts to dvd's to cd's to tv antennas to alarm clocks to gift bags of all sizes to different things I have used in volunteer work with Ballet AZ.  They always have special items for the current holiday.  The Anderson Split Pea soup that is $1.47 and up at the grocery stores is 99 cents here and they have different varieties.  I never failed to be surprised when I see individual french milled soaps next to bars of lava soap. They have a gourmet section that incudes things I have absolutely no idea of what they are used for but it's nice to know they are there if i ever need them?. In season, you will find plants that are two dollars less than Bashas has the same size at the time I write this.  I admit to being a shopper so I like just spending time and perusing almost all the shelves.  One of the latest things that really surprised me were boxes of extra large condoms made in colors only!!  Add spice to your sex life in how many different colors?Now, it is time to figures out why this particular store on Indian School is unique and has the drawing power that it does for me.This is an interesting store.  The one on 12 th street that is just about the same distance to my house, is bigger and it isn't as crowded.  So why do I shop there more?  Is it because it was there first and I am used to it?  Is it because in this store I have run into people who clearly don't want to be seen shopping there-that's a biggie!  Maybe I just like the real diversity in the people that work and shop there.  Not that often do I get to use the smatterings of different languages I know with people who don't any more English than I know of their tongues.  Trying to make known that you need an alarm clock in Swahili is a challenge.  This store is truly an adventure and I love it!  It's not for the faint of heart.  And as I said before, what can be better than listening to the stammering explanation of someone who lives at Scottsdale Ranch and wouldn't  be caught dead in a place like that when you come around a corner and there they are pushing a full shopping cart.  That is as opposed to seeing someone like the dear lady I know who keeps a little winter place at the Biltmore, gushing over what terrific buys they have and being glad to see a friend. The only thing I wish they could change about this store would be to have someone there to keep the panhandlers out of the parking lot.  Even that can be interesting at times.  Someone asked me for change the other day, and the person looked at what I gave her and she told me that I could do better than that, couldn't I?  As she said, a dollar really didn't go as far as it did a year ago with the economy the way it is.  Who was I to argue with that line of thinking.  I gave her more and felt good about this budding economist.One tip about getting to this store that can save you time.  You don't ever want to make a left turn into it or out of it in rush hour traffic.  Talk about having a death wish?  Instead, go north in the parking lot and make a left and go across the parking lot pass the Arthur Murray Dance studio and out to 12th st.   There another way to go out north but it takes you through neighborhoods full of people and cars.  I am sharing my secret with you.  It is so much easier, this way,
5	Fact: Did you know they had layaway at the .99 Cent Only Store? Me neither til I saw the sign today. These are tough economic times obviously and even the .99 Cent store is affected by it!This particluar location is fabulous! Clean, well organized, and a huge selection of random, useful stuff....hardware, food, soda, home goods, plasticwear, kids stuff, DVDs, etc...all for .99 (or less). I picked up some kids educational DVDs for an upcoming road trip, books, shampoo, etc...and would have bought tons of other stuff if my 2 year old wasn't running up and down the aisles letting me know it was time to leave.They have a large selection of groceries...just be sure to check the expiration dates since some of the stuff isn't expired YET , but pretty close.
5	Years ago i went to a few dollar stores around town and hated them.  I vowed to not waste my time in one again. I likes me a bargain, but I don't like a store full of crap, and that's what I saw.Then, last year my sister was talkin' up the 99Cent Only Store.  She insisted I go to one and I decided to give it a shot.  Wow!  I was shocked.  THIS store wasn't like the dumps I tried earlier- it actually had merchandise worth buying, real deals--!  Sure, there is crap in there- but it's in the eye of the beholder.  Most recent visit on Jan 11. The best deals (in my opinion) are on the produce.  I make it a routine to stop in to get lettuce, red peppers, and other produce items year-round.  Where else can i get organic lettuce bags for 99cents?  Good selection of food overall- you're sure to find some good deals.Some of the cleaning products are good values.  The Awesome line is great, and gets rid of laundry stains as well as the $4.00 varieties.This particular location is fine.  It is well organized, courteous help and  clientele.  No worries folks, it's a good shopping experience.  The other commentary is accurate (reviews earlier than mine).  If you've been avoiding the dollar store experience, give this chain a shot.  You may be pleasantly surprised!
1	I brought in my own shopping bag & the unprofessional sloppy heavy set girl looked at me like I was crazy & made me pack my items myself. Ummmm what's your job description again?... Also what's annoying is being rushed by beggers who get nasty when you don't acknowledge them. Park close and don't go alone.
5	99cent stuff is always good however the store is wayyy overstocked in a bad wayy when you go in the stuff is piled in aisles you barely can get by not enough cashiers 5 stars is only for the price of everything but its totally a 1 star joint haha
3	Never fails to find ur need and cheap!  need i say more?  watch out walmart!
4	Move here and have nothing? This is the best place for stuff like plastic baskets, glass kitchenware like cups, bowls, and the serving stuff. Also all the the small stuff you need for your kitchen and bbathroom. And where else can you get a package of 50 pairs of chopsticks for $1?The products are decent if a bit unfamiliar. Use your own judgement. I wouldn't buy their condoms unless I was ging to use them as ballons....
4	If you are on a tight budget, one can find some great buys here if you go at the right time. Weekends..don't go.  Weekdays ..early mornings when they are stocking up YES!  Pretty clean and the staff has always been friendly. I recently went and got cabbage, green onions(giant), 5 avocados, spinach, sweet peppers, mushrooms, chopped onions, Kraft shredded cheese(don't buy any other..it doesn't melt!) and some other stuff for only $16! And I made a tasty quiche with what I got that day! Who says you can't make yummy entrees with a tiny budget! Certain items I would not buy eggs, meats, some of the breads.. but if your cashflow isn't that great lately, toilet paper, silverware, and a pair of sandals "your grandpa" style ....ONLY 99 CENTS!
3	Was going to get something, but I went during lunch time on a Saturday afternoon.  Decided to go somewhere else and buy it.  Huge parking lot, but not a safe neighborhood.  Before you buy anything you are going to consume, make sure you check for mold and expiration dates.  I only go for non-food items.
5	the selection is good at this location,  great finds at a discounted price that otherwise would of been much higher at other locations.   Will definitly be back,   love that they carry pepsi max for 99 cents where at walmart is 1.49 for a 2 liter.  snack slection is good.   produce can have issues at times but not a big deal.
5	Very cheap dog food and other essentials that are needed in my house. A great way to save money
5	Fresh veggies usually overage from sprouts/fancy stores. This is part of my weekly shopping routine! Just get here early for the best produce!
