5	I would highly recommend Dr. Casey. I have been a patient of his for a couple of years. I had an emergency with my eye this morning and I called his office and they got me right in. I have always been very pleased with him and his office.  I hear him talk to his patients and I can't help but think, " What a great Doctor".   My son who has a cornea problem also goes to Dr. Casey and he has received the best possible care. I can't say enough about him. The best thing I can say is, I trust him with my eyesight and that is saying it all.....
4	The staff at this office were wonderful!  The lobby was comfortable with updated magazines.  They also have cookies and coffee for patients which is totally awesome!!  There was a long wait before I got called back and there were not very many patients.
5	I chose Dr Stewart Park based on his excellent qualifications, credentials and patient reviews, which I found on the Vitals and HealthGrades websites. The office was conveniently located, and offered a comfortable waiting area. Friendly, professional associates performed basic tests, and then Dr Park examined my eyes further and went over the test results. Due to insurance regulations, I had to return another day for a new lens prescription evaluation. Not a problem for me, as I am retired. I thought Dr Park was very professional, highly intelligent, and pleasant but not overly chatty. While I waited for my appointments, I was able to shop for new eyeglass frames in the dispensary that shares the office space. The admin staff was efficient and friendly. I highly recommend Dr Park and Nevada Eye Care for your eye care.
5	I have been a paitent of this pratice for years and have seen almost every doctor there and I love them. Dr Casey is my current doc and he is amazing I would not trust any other eye doctors with my peepers. I had the PRK lasik done by him and he was so amazing. recently I came down with a case of pink eye and it was on a saturday I called his service and he called me right away and called in a script for me. not many eye doctors would be on call on their weekend.  they truly care about their patients.
1	Pretty nice place, but staff could be rude and argumentive. I had and eye infection, when in like 5 times for the same thing, the drops that the doctor prescribed never worked all five times. Went to cvs got some over the canter eye drops. Took about week and half and my eyes have no more infection.
2	I have been here once for an eye injury. They treated me well, I felt comfortable and my eye healed perfectly. I decided to go for a Lasik consult assuming it would be the same level of care. Not so much. I'm not confident that my request for Lasik was top priority. I was seen by 4 different people, in 4 different waiting areas, only one shook my hand & gave me her name. I don't even know the name of the doctor that did my consult, and while he was very friendly, he only spent a couple minutes with me. Booking agent for Lasik is not friendly. She told me how much it cost for 2 eyes, when I only had requested Lasik in one. She then told me she would have to call to find out when I could be put on the schedule, but their scheduler is hard to reach, so she would get back to me. I asked for a quote in writing. She literally took a business card and wrote "Both eyes for $3600" on the back. I received a call from her 4 business days later with one date of when I could have the procedure. By this time, I had already seen another doctor & scheduled Lasik, and I am MUCH more comfortable there. I was in one room and saw one assistant and one doctor. I will spend a little more money here, but worth it for my comfort and knowing that this doctor and his staff have my best interest at heart. Won't return to these offices.
1	This place deleted my last review. But you should all be warned before coming here so I'm rewriting a summary.Worst doctor I've ever been to. The technicians put their hands on you without your permission and it take the doctor 30 minutes to just sign a piece of paper cause everyone that works for him is an idiot. I was literally there for 3 hours. Thank God my insurance has other places that I can go to cause I refuse to torture myself with this crap place ever again.
