3	For the price, the pizzas is pretty good. A WHOLE lot better than Dominos, which costs about the same. Their wings are good too. Unfortunately they raised prices recently. Wings are a bit on the high side but the pizza is still competitively priced. Still pretty good pizza.
3	I use these guys for delivery, OK on prices but I gotta say I have experienced some sticker shock on occasion. My favorite thing? Believe it or not, the salads are pretty decent, although you could get more for your $$. Pizza? Eh! Just OK... Wings? Don't go by me, I'm a thigh man.
4	Ok, I am biased because I went to them soliciting a donation for our school's Red Ribbon Week, and they were one of the few businesses who generously donated.  I love that they are a family business.  I like their pizza, but I REALLY like their wings.  I ordered them hot, and they were the perfect.  The right amount of sauce, too (I hate when the sauce is skimpy).  I am picky when it comes to hot wings, so I'm glad I tried them out.
5	AMAZING! Very happy. I didn't actually get to enjoy the pizza, because I called from out of state for my friends that had a dead battery and had not eaten all day. All I have to say is that this place was great. After I told them about the situation and that I was out of state, but ordering for people that were there, they were extremely accommodating. Took us a minute to get through the credit card thing, so I would suggest ordering and having the people pay with cash if they can, or get the credit card of the people picking it up. But all in all, the hungry guys got their food, and said that it was wonderful. I recommend this place, even though I haven't eaten there. If I am ever in Glendale AZ...
5	Oh Sardella's how I love you. This is the only pizza we ever eat. The crust, sauce and cheese are a perfect  harmony. We always get delivery and when the pizza arrives it's always fresh,hot and gooey. The Gold Fever wings are awesome a honey mustard with a kick. Honey BBQ is great too. It is a little on the pricey side though..for delivery of a large pepperoni, xtra cheese and 20 wings its about $30. They do charge a small delivery fee, I think it's $2.50. If you don't want to cook, order Sardella's.
4	Try the Pomodoro - tomato, basil, garlic, ricotta, and Italian spices.  It's quite good!We grabbed a pizza from here last Monday - ALL pizzas (including the specialty ones) are half off on Mondays.  That's a terrific deal, so we got a piping hot Medium Pomodoro for less than $5 after tax - yeah, less than I would pay for a frozen DiGiornio's cheese pizza at Fry's around the corner.  If you're going to use this deal, be aware that your order needs to be over $10 to order online, and they don't process credit cards on their website for pickup orders.  They tell you both of these important pieces of information at the VERY LAST stage in the ordering process.  Oops.  So just call 20 minutes ahead of time, pick it up, and enjoy that rare gem - cheap, delicious pizza.
2	I had them deliver four pizzas for an event with a client in their area. Delivery was fine and the price was within reason, but I've never had a more bland pizza in my life. The sauce had zero flavor. Horrible!
2	Sardella's is just ok. My biggest complaint is in the value. They charge $1.50 per topping on a large pizza and then REALLY SKIMP on them. The other day I ordered a large pepperoni, onion, mushroom , hot pepper and had it delivered. With delivery charge and a decent tip this was $25. I was shocked when I opened the box to find a total of 8 hot pepper rings on the entire pizza. The other toppings were nearly as sparse. I figure for 1.50 per topping, they could at least put 2-3 of everything on each slice of pie. Not a dismal 1. I probably wont spend my money here again.
4	Called to order the Mini Ultimate and was told they no longer have Gold Fever wings..bummer. They were our favorite.
3	Loved my spaghetti with meatballs.  Others had calzones.  Only comments...would have preferred traditional garlic bread with spaghetti instead of garlic knots but daughter loved garlic knots.  Son-in-law paid $1 extra for olives in calzone but they forgot.  Great way to get Italian food other than pizza after restaurants have closed.  I ordered extra meatballs and I had enough for left overs the next day.  Reheated spaghetti sauce was even better.
2	Waitin for takeout i see a dine in customer go up to the counter. One of the workers talks to customer then yelled to another worker " you messed up again!" im thinkin oh geez i hope they didnt screw my order up too. Sure enough... I got thin crust when i had asked for hand tossed. Even though the girl who took my order was sugary sweet, Still not a good first impression that they cant work together to do things accurately.as for the pizza: It really looked appetizing but the cheese overpowered everything, very strong orange cheese type flavor. It was so dry I didnt taste the sauce at all.
4	If you're looking for pizza that doesn't sacrifice taste for price, head to Sardella's. Even their topping-naked cheese pizza has a good blend of flavor. If you go in on a Monday, you'll be happy to find most food half-price. It makes Sardella's a Monday-must for me, most weeks.Their 2-slice and drink lunch special makes for a filling meal at the same pricetag as most pizza joints' single slices. My only complaint is that it isn't as fast as it could be, given its name. I'm willing to wait a few minutes for pizza if it's Sardellas, though. Order some garlic knots while you're waiting. They're don't skimp on the garlic.
5	The staff is great and the food is even better. We've been twice since moving to AZ and each time the pizza was fantastic!!
4	Pretty good pizza for not a lot of money.  Seating is nothing fancy.  We were there on a Friday night and the place was busy from the time we walked in until we left.  I thought we would have a longer wait for our order since they were so busy but no - pizza was delivered much faster than expected.  We will be back!
5	Went for dinner and brought a few buddies of mine along. Told them how great of service I always got there. We ended up having to wait a few minutes for my pizza because they messed up the toppings, but all of a sudden they said they were making me a new pizza and to keep the other one as well :-) was very happy, and then to top it off for having to wait still for the new pizza, which wasn't necessary but greatly appreciated,  they ended up being us out dessert to. Made the night perfect.  We were very full, and very happy with the service and how they took care of their customers!  They will remain my favorite pizza place to go!
5	This is, hands down, our favorite pizza place.  Never tried the pasta or wings so can't comment on that, but the pizza is fabulous, and even more so on Monday at half price.  We generally get a couple of large pizzas whenever we go in, as we live so far away, and we take home what's left after a meal and freeze it.  It's just as wonderful reheated.  We always take our out-of-town company up there too.
4	Their chicken wings are very yummy and very meaty. The pizza was so good and the service was great. I love the fact that the pineapple was juicy and not dry, that's such a Pet peeve for me when getting pizza. Also, tried the garlic knots, not a new concept I get them all the time when I eat at my local pizzeria in California. I love the fact that they had whole garlic on it but I wish the knots itself would be a little softer. Would get them again though :)
2	Haven't ever order from Sardello's before. The email confirm said the order was placed & paid for it at 6:30pm with 54  minutes delivery time. However the food never arrived. I just called back a 9:30 pm (3 hours later) to check on the pie order. The guy tells me they have a wrong address but a right phone number. They clamied to have called to confirm the address but my cell phone shows, no incoming calls from Sardella's. If didn't leave a message.  I discussed my disappointment with the lack of a followup and no pizza thr  or remedies for a first time customer, out four hours of time. I will ee hours later. They offered no remedies or apologies to appease the situation. They just asked if I still wanted to order the pizza. Not sure about these guys. Reserving an extra star because I haven't tasted the pie yet. I still ordered it but was put off by the lack of ownership of the situation. Bad first time experience.
3	I found the food here to be comparable to the food you might get at a Chuck E Cheese or something similar. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't super great, and it reminded me of the kind of food I used to get as a kid at event places. The pizza was tasty, but it was a little doughy, completely smothered in cheese, and light on the sauce. While I enjoyed it, it was a little blah. I got the boneless wings with the spicy BBQ sauce, and my boyfriend got the medium hot wings (bone-in). I was very disappointed that my boneless wings came with the sauce on the side, which left me with the feeling that I was eating chicken nuggets from McDonald's. I'm not the biggest fan of bone-in wings, but my boyfriend let me try some of his, and they were pretty good. Last, but not least, we tried some of the famous garlic knots that are supposed to be oh-so-good. In my opinion, they were undercooked bland pieces of dough slathered in some form of fake butter with bits of garlic sprinkled on top, in my boyfriend's friend's opinion, they were the best thing on the table....so to each his own, I suppose.
5	Good Pizza and Wings. I'd rather have Sardella's than Pizza Hut or Domino's.They also have great week day specials.  Excellent customer service is a plus!!!!
5	Their pizza is pretty good, but I come here for the calzones.
5	great place, staff and food, plus 50% off every monday on pizzas and toppings.
5	First time here...came here for lunch with our son's basketball game before their game. We ordered a thin crust pepperoni pizza and garlic knots...both were delicious...food came fast...good service and good price.
5	I love sardellas pizza. I have been eating this pizza since I was a kid. Never had a bad pizza yet.
5	One of the first places I eat at when I'm back in town, the chicken wings are so yummy and spicy!! I still wish they would open up some shops in Southern California!!
5	Just good food. Fast and awesome. Try the Calzones!!!!  Very good. Friendly with fast delivery
4	First time, new to the area. Received a complimentary pizza coupon so I checked it out. Picked up a pepperoni and place was packed which is a good sign. Smelled good on the ride home. Gotta say, it's pretty solid. They'll definitely win my return business. I'll review again if necessary.
5	Ordered dinner from here tonight. DELISH! Garlic knots were garlicky and so tasty!  I had the Pomodoro pizza with thin crust...again very delicious!  I will order from them again!
3	the pizza is pretty average. not as bad as Hut/John's/Domino's but not quality NY-style pizza. doughy. light on sauce. cheap food-service toppings.wings were also average.Slices are really small and not cheap. $9 for 5 wings and a tiny slice.the rave reviews say more about the state of pizza in AZ than about this place.
4	Perfect place to grab a quick slice. Pizza was tasty and fast. The garlic knots were very garlicky (perfect!!!). The wings were decent. Not the best I've ever had but still good. The service was friendly. It's a quaint little place but had a nice comfortable vibe to it. I'll definitely come back!!
1	I don't even want to give this place one star!!! If it was optional they would get  -5 stars from me I am so disgusted with the pizza I was served last night it was the NASTIEST pizza I have ever had in my entire life!!! Then they charge $20 for a two topping large pizza? I'd rather go to the grochrey store. If you order here YOU ARE WAISTING YOUR LONEY. GO ELSEWHERE ITS THE MOST HORRIBLE PIZZA!!!
