3	Unfortunately, I had a not-so-great experience with Alterations Express. I took 4 shirts there to be tailored, and they pinned up 2 on me at the store as model shirts to do tailor the other 2 after. The two that they had actually pinned on me in person were fine, but the 2 they had based on the models were pretty screwed up, and the arms were so tight that I couldn't bend my arms. I'd like to think its from my muscles massively growing after a trip or two to the gym - but lets face it, that's not true.On the plus side, they stood behind their work and refunded me the cost of alterations on the 2 botched shirts, as well as the original cost I had paid to purchase them. I got a check sent in the mail within a few weeks.Sadly, they were on sale at the time of purchase and I couldn't get them at the same price again. Oh well, it was worth a gamble. So, if you're not *super* attached to the clothing you're having altered, it may be worth a shot. The prices are fair and the staff was very friendly when I went in.  But, if its a one-of-a-kind irreplaceable item, it may be worth spending a bit more somewhere else.
4	I had a great experience at Alterations Express!I nervously procrastinated getting a dress altered for a wedding that I attended on Friday. I kept searching Yelp for an alterations place with good reviews, and the only places that I could find had long waits or were for more custom jobs. I just needed a very simple alteration done. So, I dilly-dallied until Monday (4 days before the wedding) and went to Alterations Express.I went in Monday to drop the dress off. The girl initially fitting me called one of the ladies back who would be doing the alterations to confirm that the dress was being pinned properly. They made sure that I understood what was going to be done and was OK with it. I paid 30% extra to pick up the dress Wednesday evening. Their typical lead times are 4 days, but you can pay 10% extra for 3 days, 30% extra for 2 days, etc. When I returned, the dress fit more beautifully than I could have imagined. One of the cashiers even remembered me from Monday evening and asked how the dress looked. I was so pleased with their work and the customer service. I'll definitely come back!
1	Worst place ever for alterations. They ruined 4 shirts and two pairs of pants. They took out to material and didn't leave enough room for future changes. Stay away!!!!!
