1	The WIFI barely worked the entire time we were there. They turn off the AC at night and it gets SUPER hot in the rooms. The "continental breakfast" was a jar of nutella and a jar of peanutbutter with a loaf of bread still in the bag, oh, and an empty box of Raisin Bran. It was worse than a Frat house kitchen on a Monday morning.  There was nothing good about this hotel except for its location on St. Denis. And for the pricetag... GO ELSEWHERE!
2	They really deserve a 2.5. We stayed here after M Montreal which is clearly nicer, but of course more pricey. They had open beds, and it was a busy weekend. The breakfast wasn't bad, just unorganized with everyone attacking it. The beds were a little uncomfortably thin and the AC was iffy, and WIFI doesn't work. Don't come here and expect much else then a (hopefully) clean bed in the heart of downtown Montreal.
3	I was traveling and I decided to visit Montreal. Usually I plan/book my accommodations well in advance, but for this trip I did a lot of last minute traveling, including going to Montreal. I didn't realize The Grand Prix was on, so most places were already booked. Luckily Le Jazz St. Denis had a room in a four bed female dorm available. I paid $164 (approx with tax) for a 3 night stay, which is much higher than I would normally pay at a hostel, but again it was Grand Prix, and my fault I should have been a bit more prepared. The room was a dorm room with two bunk beds (a ladder was include on the bed, which surprising doesn't happen all the time for bunk beds). There was a private bathroom in the room itself, which is nice compared to having to share a bathroom with a bunch of other dorm rooms. I had a roommate for the first night, but the rest of my stay I was the only person in the room, so it was kind of like having a private room. The beds aren't super comfortable, but they're ok. It's a hostel so you kind of having to know what to expect. I always wish hostel pillows had a little bit more padding to them - they always seem flat. There are lockers in the room, just make sure to bring your own lock Wifi was free and easy to connect to. I didn't have any issue with the WiFi connect (as Mae C did). I was actually able to watch netflix the one night, and finish some assignments I was working on. Breakfast is pretty basic, cereal, fruit, toast, jam, etc, but it's enough to get you started for the day.  The staff seemed very friendly, and like I found during my time in Montreal were perfectly fine to speak English (I haven't spoken French since 2002, and my comprehension beyond the basic oui, non, merci is pretty rusty).Best part of the hostel is definitely the location. There are a ton of restaurants, cafes, and stores in the area (Latin Quarter). The Sherbrooke station is only a few blocks away, and Montreal's Metro is easy to use, and can take you all over the city. There are also Bixi bike stations near by, like at the Square Saint-Louis. I liked my time in Montreal so much I ended up extending my stay by a couple of days. This is a decent, and basic hostel, but the price was pretty steep for my stay, which is why it's at a 3 star rating instead of maybe a 4.
