5	This place will not disappoint... You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. My favorite is the sampler platter because you get a variety. The restaurant is always clean, the workers are very friendly and the whole dining experience was a plus. I recommend this place to everyone
3	Ok, I'll start with the atmosphere it was nice. A nice little family owned place. Real nice people that work there real friendly. Now on to the food. So, I Had The Catfish Po Boy, My friend had The Shrimp Po Boy my other friend had The Tilapia Po Boy. I can only comment on what I ate but they said they enjoyed theirs also. The bread was soft witch is a good thing the Fish had a good seasoning to it. I had them put there Spicy sauce on it witch mad a big different good flavor had a nice spicy to it. If you like spicy food make sure you ask for it.. The only thing about this place could have been better was if they gave you more food. other then that it's a cool place they only been open for a couple months so I'm sure it will get better. Just like another review said it does take awhile for the food to get to you but wasn't a big deal was enjoying the conversation I was having with my friends anyway.Don't really live close to this place but I'm sure I'll be back again
5	My mother had tried their shrimp po'boy and said it was amazing, so I figured I should give it a shot. I have a gluten intolerance, so I wasn't able to try that, and in general can have a rough time going out to eat.Hanzy's seafood items are all done in cornmeal (no flour, however, the wings do use flour), so this was definitely relieving to me, to find someplace near me that gives me more potential options.I was surely not at all disappointed either. All of their fried foods (which, really, is everything but a few of their side items) come out completely non-greasy, to the point where we all commented on it as we were eating it. I had the Catfish, potato salad, and some collard greens, and everything was way better than expected. My girlfriend got the Tilapia, though, and I have to say, I have definitely found my regular item there. (just as a matter of preference of the flavor of Tilapia over Catfish). The fish itself was perfectly cooked, and had a wonderful flavor. I would definitely recommend Hanzy's highly to anyone who asked, and perhaps some that didn't. Living in the middle of nowhere, it is always such a great thing to find a local restaurant that stands out and gives a non-chain option.Few things to definitely try: Potato Salad - has a slightly spicy flavor to it, and has a really good dill flavor. One of the better potato salads I've tried.Fried Tilapia - If you don't really like that bitter taste that catfish can have, the Tilapia is definitely a great alternative. It still has the wonderful Louisiana fried catfish flavor, though.Spicy Tartar - This one just baffled me and I thought I had misheard him, but this was one of the best condiments I've ever had on anything. If you like a little bit of spicy (everything that I tried with the exception of the fries had a little heat to it, but not enough to keep it burning long after eating) and enjoy tartar, definitely ask for extra. Overall, I will definitely go there fairly regularly. The only downside (which in reality can be seen as an upside) is that the food can take quite a while to cook, so if you can think about it, call ahead 15 or so minutes prior to pickup. They cook all the food to order, and it really is run as a mom and pop type shop, where quality and customer satisfaction is chosen over speedy food. And all of the people there were really pleasant, ready to answer any questions I had about their food, and seemed rather well to know what they were doing in the kitchen. Although, it can be a tad pricey (10-15 dollars) but the prices aren't really that far off from what you would expect from some decent seafood. They do have lunch specials, though, that are much more reasonably priced if you're worried about your wallet, but you definitely get what you pay for here: a good amount of good quality food. We shared 3 meals between 4 people and still had leftovers, and we're not really the lightest eaters ever.One of my favorite finds in the East Valley in years.
5	Seriously good....don't pass up the greens! Awesome family run restaurant. Get the sampler it won't disappoint, you get a taste of everything.
1	Our first visit on 2/1/13. This place has been open for about a month. We were very excited to try. Several good reviews from fellow YelpersThis a small business tuck in a back corner. Limited seating. It has more of a take out feel.   Food is comfort Southern. They basically offer three choices, Tilapia, Catfish, or Shrimp.  They also have chicken wings.  Lunch menu offers a Po-Boy Sandwich that is not on the Dinner menu. We were lucky to get in early. Two other tables already occupied. We were nicely greeted by a nice young man. Even took a minute to ask if this as our first time.  When we ordered, it was clear his focus was split between taking orders and getting drinks out to tables already seated.  So distracted, that he forgot to point out the specials dishes of Mac-N-Cheese and Collared Greens.  Unfortunately these are not available as a side dish. The reviews about it taking a while are NOT exaggerated!!  As I am drafting this review I am going on 20 minutes. And the large table next to us who was seated when we walked in are just getting food. And it is coming out one plate at a time for a party of five.  We finally got our food in front of another table that had also been seated before us about 30 minutes after ordering. Our orders were for the Catfish plate. Three pieces Catfish, 2 Side Dishes and 6 "Critters" (their version of hush puppies.)  My sides were Potato Salad and Coleslaw.  Girlfriend had fries and coleslaw.  Fries were mushy cold when they came out.  Hush puppies also cold.  Catfish was hot.  Pieces ranged from nice and meaty to very thin with little meat.  They were very small pieces. I would not call them fillets but more fingers strips.  Potato Salad was o.k. to me but not the best. Coleslaw was nothing special either. I also ordered 6 Wings - spicy.  They were not spicy and not very good.  They were fatty and lacked flavor.  Our total meal ticket was $38.00 for the two of us. $13.00 for the Catfish plate and $6.00 for the Chicken Wings.Queen Creek is in need of new restaurants.  And a good restaurant will make a killing!!  This location is tucked into a back corner with little visibility.  So the only they have going is quality.   For me there always has to be a balance of quality vs. cost  vs. speed.  I don't mind waiting a few extra minutes if it is good.  But fried food should not take 30 minutes to get out.  And if it does, it better be exceptional.  I also don't mind paying a pricey amount if it is good.  But again, this was not. I doubt I will go back.  If it is still open in 6 months, maybe will give it a second chance on have a Po-Boy for lunch.  But then again....
1	Went for dinner on 2/1/13.  Not many new restaurants open here in Queen Creek so we looked forward to something different.  We were greatly disappointed.We were greeted by a friendly young man who took our order at the counter, which we had to repeat a couple of times because he was apparently distracted. After he had totaled our bill, I asked about the availability of greens.  He said they did in fact have them available and then proceeded to close our tab, not even bothering to ask if I wanted to add them, same response to BF's inquiry about mac n cheese.We both ordered fried catfish dinners which came with "critters", Hanzy's version of jazzed up hushpuppies and choice of 2 sides.  Between us we chose fries, potato salad and coleslaw.  My BF placed an order for 6 of their spicy wings.As instructed, we proceeded to a table to await our food.  And wait we did. It took a good half hour before our orders arrived. Considering we were one of only 3 tables of customers when we arrived, this was an excessive amount of time. Fries were cold, "critters" were cold, chicken wings were missing and when they did arrive, were not spicy.  The catfish was hot and fresh, however, the three small pieces were mostly cornmeal breading (see pic), certainly not worth the $40  price charged.We ended up leaving most of our meal on the plate.  If things don't drastically change, I don't see this restaurant being around in another couple of months.  I would not recommend this business.
5	What a gem to find in Queen Creek.  I was curious, so I took my daughter-in-law who's from Louisiana to check this place out.  We ordered catfish, which was cooked perfectly.  I would like a little larger portion, but that's only because it was soooooo good!The hush puppies - excellent ... Red beans and rice, awesome!! ..- The collards were as good as my mother use to make.I've seen reviews where it is mentioned the length of time it takes to bring the food.  This is not a fast food restaurant where food is precooked and placed under a heat lamp.  Each meal is privately prepared.I will definitely recommend Hanzys to my friends ...
5	Wow Wow Wow is all I could keep saying while my Husband and I stopped in for lunch on Good Friday!!!  We  wanted seafood fresh and good and that is what we got.  Yes it can take a bit of time to get your order but that is because everything is made to order.  The critters (hush puppies) you will have to try to believe me just how good they are.  I had the catfish poboy spicy and it was not overpowering.  Love that the fish is not caked in batter before frying. Coleslaw was really good too.  Collard Greens well haven't had any that good since we moved back to AZ from Texas.  Husband had a catfish/shrimp combo and it too did not disappoint.  We order a slime of the lemon pie and let me just tell you that I couldn't put my fork down we split it but next time I'm not sharing.  She had a candid yams that day and of course I got some to go cause it's my daughter's favorite.  Well my Husband had to take the bowl away from me in order for her to get some.This is a place we will be back to regularly.....Thank you for sharing your families favorite recipes with us.  So So Good...
5	The catfish was very good...the fries, hush puppies and mac & cheese were very good as well. Staff was very friendly and were constantly filling our drinks. I got some banana pudding w/ strawberries to go and it just made for a great ending for a wonderful "southern" dinner! Can't wait to go back!!!
4	Really, really good food - genuine Louisiana stuff. You've got to try the "critters" (hush puppies) with the spicy tartar sauce. The service was excellent, as well. We'll definitely be going back soon.
5	Amazing food, they have a broad selection, and all of the choices on the menu are unlike any other restaurant in the valley. Not only was the food amazing, the staff and atmosphere is equally a impressive!
2	Over priced, takes to long and food is mediocre at best.  To bad, we are always excited for new restaurants in Queen Creek. We probably won't go back.
5	Great food.., highly recommend.  Note this is not fast food.  Everything was made fresh so you cannot expect it fast.  Really enjoyed talking to the owner and loved the catfish po'boy and hush puppies (called critters).  We will be back!
5	Great food takes time.  Worth the wait.  Very friendly staff.  Po'boy sandwich is fantastic.   Previously reviewed but new to Yelp so didn't post right.  Highly recommend.  Everything is made fresh to order.  Not a fast food restaurant.  Great choices for gluten free folks.   Critters are spicy hush puppies.
4	This is one of my favorite food spots for my visits to the East Valley. The ladies running the place are charming and the eatery itself has a whimsical Louisiana theme. Food is made fresh to order so it takes a bit of time to prepare, so I wouldn't consider this to be a fast food place. But the wait is definitely worth it.. The ladies serve really tasty fare, my favorite being their really good crunchy fried catfish lightly dredged in cornmeal.
4	I have been here a few times, and will continue to come back, as long as they are open I suppose.  I am not sure how they stay in business, but they seem to be hanging in there.The good:  The food is generally good, the chicken wings are the best I have ever had (fried whole chicken wings, not sauced up wing parts like most restaraunt sell).  They call themselves "seafood" but they seem more like "southern food".  They have shrimp, Talapia and catfish.  All fried.  and they have chicken wings.  Then they have sides.  For me the shrimp and chicken wings are great, and the sides are also all great.   The shrimp and wings seem freshy breaded.  We also had a lemon pie that was great once.  Seems family run and they are really nice and provide good service with a smileThe bad: The food does take a while to make, I guess that is because the food is prepared for you, rather than sitting around.  They are a bit pricey, not too expensive, but pricey.  I wish there was more variety in chicken and fish.  I am not a fan of catfish or Tilapia, but have eaten it here and it is ok (again I am not a fan of it to start with).  The food is not greesy, but the deep fried nature of the meats is heavy (even though the breading is light).It seems like a strange menu for Queen Creek, and they are hidden in a corner, so I am not sure how long they will last, but in a bigger place with a bigger menu, I think they could do great.   Regardless, I hope they stick around long enough to expand.
