5	My dog has been going to Rea Road Animal Hospital for the past three years and we love it! The staff is courteous and caring and is very prompt with appointments so you're not waiting too long to be seen.The doctors are caring and happy to answer any questions and concerns I may have with my pup. I love that they have their own pet portal online so you can book appointments, renew medications, etc. right there without going in. They also have boarding services but I never used them but seem to be reasonable prices and you can also book online. My dog goes to the bathroom every time we walk in there (even though he just went outside) but I like to think it's due to him being excited since they all love him (and don't mind cleaning it up.....or so they make it seem!) After every appointment, they give you a bag of Lean Treats which my dog gobbles up right away. I no longer live in Ballantyne but will still go there due to the terrific service they offer. If you want a caring vet with flexible hours--go here!
1	Today is SaturdayMy wife called at 930 to have our cat seen for a absest tooth after we noticed him drooling and some infection.My wife and kids were very upset and we were looking for help.The young voice on the phone responded we close at noon...why don't you just take him to an emergency vet.She seemed more interested in starting her weekend than helping someone in need.Shame on you Rea Animal Hospital
4	We brought our dog here for several years and he received very good care. They didn't upsell meds, vitamins, procedures, etc. and they always had convenient appointment times and availability. Dr. Gillis is our favorite vet and the support staff is so kind, gentle and loving to our dog. We had to put our dog down this week and the dr's and staff at Rea Rd Animal Hospital went above and beyond to comfort us and treat us with sensitivity and compassion. They had an imprint of his paw made for us with his name stamped on it and a ribbon tied above and we picked it up today. So thoughtful and precious to us.
5	When my dog broke her leg I saved at least $700 from what I was told by other vets it would cost. She's never had any issue from the plate or screw that had to be put in her leg and that's been over 3 years. Very friendly staff and a great place to board if needed.
4	We take both our dogs to Rea Road Animal Hospital and truly appreciate the expertise of the vets we've seen (Dr. Gilles and Dr. Bryant), as well as the friendly staff that remembers our names and much-appreciated follow-through. They always call post-visit to make sure everything is going OK. Our Bernese Mountain Dog has a lot of allergy issues, and I greatly appreciate the partnership we have with Dr. Bryant in troubleshooting the issue. She makes all of the options available and we have had lengthy discussions about which course to take. I NEVER feel rushed. It's just great, and the easy-to-find location is a huge plus. Highly recommend!
5	I am an animal lover and I like the fact that the Rea Road Animal Hospital staff take care of stray pets until they can find a home for them. I adopted a kitten from them and they are now the health care provider for my four pets. I am new to Charlotte, so my pets needed a vet. Dr. Bryant is my pet's new vet. She gave my adopted kitten the required shots and performed the annual exam on my dog. She is kind to the pets and makes them feel more comfortable in a stressful situation. The staff is friendly and they make you and your pets feel comfortable at their facility.
2	I hesitate to give 1 star but I would really love to. I'm giving 2 stars because the girl who actually checked me out was nice and the Vet tech was nice and handled my cat with care. I'm going to be honest this visit started out on a sour note. My cat had been acting weird and her fur had gotten gross/matted etc. Obviously something was wrong with her and I didn't have a current Vet so I called the closest one to me. They got me in that afternoon which was awesome (another reason for an extra star), however nothing really good came after that. I left work early and went to wrangle my cat into her carrier, ended up at the office early. So I sat to wait. Two of the women who sit at the front desk were disgusting people. Seriously the older women sat up there and talked crap about every single person who called or walked in. I mean hateful vile crap... I was horrified that an establishment would allow such behavior. They are nice as can be to people's face (sort of) but the minute they walk out or hang up it's just cattiness at it's worst. I absolutely almost walked out right then. My appt. was at 4 and they called me back about 415-420 at that point I'd been there for 45 minutes or so listening and watching them be catty. The vet tech comes in and I warn her that my cat doesn't like to be held etc. so she suggests they wait for the Dr. So the Dr comes in and honestly I felt like she didn't know much about cats. She kept looking at me like I was crazy when explaining what was going on with my cat. Basically treated me like I was wasting her time and all she kept saying was wow I wouldn't expect her to be so strong and fast at her age. In process of getting my cat to the vet her tooth came out this obviously, must have been what was wrong with her as she's better now (you'd think the Dr would have mentioned that as a possible source of issue). The Dr. said do we have your permission to do blood work, urine sample etc. I agreed to it as I truly wanted to know what was wrong with her. They said they'd call me back the next day with the results... so I got a call from a different Doctor who said well she has some elevations here and there but nothing definitive and well we can't really tell anything. If you want to bring her back you can but not much we can do or tell. Basically they knew NOTHING, not even a small indication of what could be wrong. Honestly I felt like they wasted my time and my money to tell me absolutely nothing, and to do absolutely nothing. Well I guess the only good thing from this office visit was that my cat lost her tooth and appears to be feeling soo much better, her fur is already starting to brighten up etc. Sorry sooo long but my suggestion to anyone looking for a Vet's office is to avoid this one. I got no sense of security in them caring for my pets, I didn't feel they were knowledgeable and any office or Doctors who would let those two women be the face of their customer service and support obviously have issues. Those women were the most awful people I have met in a long time!!
