3	I have gone to the Einstein Bros Bagels location in South End over the years before they opened in Myers Park, as the only two Charlotte locations previously were South End or in downtown.  The chain has expanded recently in the Charlotte area, opening in various locations.  This location is closer to my home so I dropped in.The Myers Park Einstein Bros might not have the charm of being in a converted 1970s gas station, but what it lacks in charm or originality (looks like a knockoff Panera from years past) it redeems itself with its spaciousness and comfort.  I ordered a Nova Lox & Bagel with coffee for breakfast and was pleasantly surprised (nowhere near Zabar's quality, of course).  When you are craving bagels and lox, this hits the spot pretty decently.  The coffee was on the watery side, but otherwise had a decent flavor.  Einstein has never particularly had good coffee anyway, but their bagels are good.  It's called Einstein Bros Bagels, not Einstein Bros Coffee.  The staff was pleasant, but the space lacks a designated opening space to get the food to the patrons, which forced me to walk past people in line to get to the food.Overall it is good for what it is, and you'll get what you expect to.
3	New location for this expanding franchise chain with a nice up-fit that improves customer traffic flow and offers plenty of seating options indoors and out.  Looking for a fresh baked bagel with all the topping options you could reasonably expect to put on your little piece of carb heaven?  Einstein is here to serve along with an assortment of coffees and other cold beverages.  Simply put, this is a chain with the same menu you'll find at any other Einstein Bros.  Same set-up, you order at one end of the counter and then pay and receive your order at the other end.  What's improved upon here is the dedicated beverage space away from the otherwise busy counter.  There is plenty of room to move around and fix your coffee or beverage to your specifications.  You are not forced into the path of other customers just to get a coffee refill, as at other locations.  The inside is down right roomy, with a number of long booths and tables along the adjacent wall.  During the warmer months there are also a number of small cast-iron tables and chairs just outside the front door, though the view out onto Providence Road is not exactly serene.Looking for a little news with your breakfast or lunch?  This location has you covered by jumping onto the band wagon of placing a flat screen TV in the dining space.  The 24 hours news cycle lives up to its title here.  Luckily, the space is roomy enough you can stay informed without crowding into your neighbor's personal space.
2	I havent been to Einstein Bros in a long time, typically I go to Bruggers or Poppys Bagels since they are closer. I wasnt impressed this trip... went a little after 1030 a lot of the bagels were sold out so my selection was limited, I got the pumpernickle with honey almond cream cheese and it was eh... I had the bagel toasted which it didnt seem very toasty, guy behind me asked for his double toasted so that must be they key... the bagel didnt have a strong pumpernickle flavor and the outside didnt have the cripsyness that non-store bought bagels typically have. The cream cheese was decent. I left wishing I hadnt driven past Poppys/Bruggers to go here.
2	My friends and I have a tradition where on Friday mornings we take turns getting breakfast, and it's usually a dozen bagels from Einsteins. While normally we just run over the South end location, we decided to go to this location instead, and actually order some breakfast sandwiches. We ordered our food and moved down to the end of the counter, where there was already a group of people waiting. We grabbed our drinks and sit down while we waited for our food to be ready...... waited for 20 mins. They ran out of everything bagels and didn't let us know until after we ordered. We waited some more and then they finally called our names.They made 2/3 meals wrong and left out key ingredients. At that point we had waited so long and were so hungry, we didn't even bother to say anything. Point blank, I think we will stick to our normal dozen and return to the South End location.
