4	Pretty good but I really like this new location!  I keep weird hours and I wish they were open 24hrs but its Fountain Hills. Not a lot stays open super late here.
2	OMG.... I have been coming to the original location for many years.... Just had some drama at the new location with the cashier... She couldn't understand my English and had to correct the order and was very upset!   Come to find out SHE 'S THE MANAGER!!! Funny!  And to think she's the one training others in customer service!I want the business to survive so I hope she improves ..... Or someone helps her move on!
5	Oh how I was over-joyed when my beloved Senor Taco opened a 2nd location in Fountain Hills!!You guys/gals really do "get it right". I have made several referrals to visiting company (from out of state) and have rec'd rave reviews from them on their dining experience.Extra EXTRA hungry? Then try the Senor Burro. I dare you. Soooo delish and sooo huge. I'm serious, that thing comes out and I swear it weighs a couple of lbs. It looks like a 2-year old's leg! Ok, so I don't eat the whole thing in one setting. I can squeeze out a good 3-4 meals from this menu must have! Shrimp Burrito is another fave of mine. Lovely. And the churros?? OMG... thought I'd died and gone to heaven. Those are always served FRESH out of the fryer and have the perfect combo of cinnamon/sugar. Be careful - too much enthusiasm will yield burn blisters on top of your mouth. You have been warned.
4	First time here, and impressed that they opened a second restaurant in our small town where restaurants have a hard time surviving--but now I know why! We had the shrimp soft tacos, fajita-style quesadilla (carne asada--steak) and a carnitas (pork) red chile burrito, enchilada-style all for about $22 after a 10% coupon from the local newspaper. Immediately the freshness of the food was apparent especially with the fresh green bell peppers, fantastic succulent shrimp, and nicely seasoned steak. The tortillas themselves tasted freshly-made. We used to go to Taco Hell when we needed a fast fix, but never again--for the same price you get high-def vs old B&W analog, more meat versus less junk-indiscernible filling, and what seems a lot more fresh versus a lot more frozen. Their salsas are worth filling up on, too! Two in particular: the green salsa verde had a generous amount garlic that made it quite nice and full-flavored, and an clear, oil-based one that had a very rich roasted and slightly smokey flavor that produced a nice growing hot sensation during the after-taste. The more you used, the warner your mouth got! My new favorite. The reason for the four versus five stars was the pork, although very generous and moist, to both me and my wife, tasted a bit too salty. Summary: this is the quality and freshness of Baja Fresh, and the quantity of Filibertos, and at a good price. Can't wait to go back and check out how they make chicken!
5	Best Mexican take out ever!
4	Pretty good~ would eat here again.
5	As god made man and woman, he also made delicious Mexican restaurants. The truly glorious as rare as finding the end of a rainbow.... Behold friends, the end of the rainbow!The California Burrito is made of pixie dust, love, and unicorn meat. This burrito is so good it is haunted by the spirit of Johnny Cash.... Yeah, that good. Do it, do it....... Do it
4	We just moved to Fountain Hills, we were familiar with Senor Taco having been to the location just off Shea. We truly like Senor Taco, but I dare say that this one is better than the other... just slightly. We aren't fans of fast food in general, and this isnt exactly fast food. Its made to order and quick food. You can tell that this is fresh and good quality.  It is super yummy. It's really close to the house. We will definitely be back to this location!
5	Really good food and customer service. Love this place. Price is very reasonable. Lots of seating at this location.
2	This makes me sad to have to write this one.  This second location in Fountain Hills seems to not be consistently providing quality recently.  I got my favorite El Diablo Shrimp Burrito.  Normally they are huge and loaded with shrimp and lots of rice and sauce.  Two weeks ago, there was barely any filling at all.  It was mostly eating a tortilla.  Ok, one off day - no big deal.  Went in a week later and ordered it again.  It was burned.  Filling volume was better, but it looked all dark spotted inside and just didn't taste right.  And the bag of chips I bought was stale.  The main reason to have to write the review is what was seen while waiting for the takeout order. The woman making a margarita for a dine in guest stuck her bare, unwashed hand deep into the lime bin on the customer salsa bar, touching numerous lime wedges on the salsa bar to grab one to use in making the drink.  She didn't use the tongs that were present there in the container, but stuck her bare hand down in it.  I hope the manager of this location revisits food safety and procedures with staff as well as need for consistent quality of items going out the door.  Please get the quality, consistency and cleanliness back to where it should be...I want to LOVE Senior Taco again and specifically this location...
5	You have to try their diablo sauce! I always go there mostly for just that sometines but their burritos, tostadas and enchiladas are pretty good and reasonably priced! The hotsauce alone is worth the trip. Great mexican spot.
4	This is the hole in the wall Mexican joint of my dreams. Good value, clean, a salsa bar and pretty good too.The 1.99 fish tacos on special were quite large. The fish was decently crisp on the outside and tender on the insides. It was dressed nicly with the pico and salsas.For a real kick try the roasted Serrano chilies at the salsa bar they are quite warm.I salute you Senior Taco!
2	I have been eating at Senor Taco for years. Lately the service and the quality of the food has been dropping. Often the drive thru is a frustration and the barely warm food is disappointing. This is an ongoing issue at this particular location. I often order a burrito and the cheese inside is ice cold and not melted.
5	Our go to Mexican restaurant in Fountain Hills. Great quality & quantity any time of day or night. Love it!!  When family visits from the Midwest this is where they want to eat
