5	Patty is an absolutely amazing dog walker/sitter! I do not know what me our my two pups would do without her. She walks my two Aussies every day while I'm at work and is my first choice for overnight stays when I go out of town. Here are just a few reasons to love Patty:1) She truly cares for your pets - my dogs know her by name and I feel 100% comfortable leaving them with her.  They are high energy dogs and she always gives them vigorous exercise.  2) She is always in touch - every day I get a text update on how their walk was; when she's staying overnight, I get pics! It makes such a difference when I'm gone and brings a smile to my face.3) She goes above and beyond - Patty takes great care of my house; she waters my plants without me asking, she alerts me if there's a worker at the house, and always leaves my house in great condition, even after a several night stay.4) You can trust her - Patty is so reliable, she always checks in to confirm plans, and is trustworthy in your home. Its a big deal to give someone access to your house when you're not there and believe me, you have nothing to worry about with Patty!Patty has been a godsend for me and my two dogs and I can't recommend her highly enough.
5	I can't say enough about Patty & Perfectly Poochy!  The most important thing I want to say is that when you own two high energy dogs & you don't have the time on certain days to walk them..call Perfectly Poochy.  She always texts me updates and sends pics at each visit.  They are Happy & content when I arrive home.  Luv that!  She also waters my plants and takes care of things even without me asking.
5	I recently moved to Arizona from the southeast. Patty has been amazing with our dog Wylie! I couldn't have asked for a better pet sitter and walker. She's extremely professional, truly loves your pet, and always reliable. Patty sends pictures and texts when she visits which really puts me at ease when we are gone overnight. I would highly recommends her to anyone looking for a pet sitter who will love your dog as much as you do!
5	Patty's been my pet sitter since she started at Elite Pets and she is just the best! She takes great care of my two kitties and two parrots, making their breakfast in the morning, and cleaning up everyone's wet food dishes in the afternoon. She's great at making sure they have the same daily routine that they are accustomed to.She also does extras like putting out the trash, and pulling in the Fedex packages, and is always considerate in running the dishwasher before I get home to clean all the bird bowls. And she's always easy to get a hold of, and very accommodating of changes in plans.I highly recommend Patty for anyone needing a kitty and birdie pet sitter!
5	I have two kitties, one of which needs to be fed at least twice/day due to a health issue.  Before last year, whenever I would go out of town, I would have to orchestrate an elaborate plan with various friends stopping by at different times/days, etc.  It was always complicated, I always felt bad for asking my friends, and I was always worried when I traveled that my friends might even forget to check on my kitties.  Then I discovered Patty, and life, as they say, has never been the same since!  I was a little nervous about having a pet-sitter at first, but on her initial visit, Patty demonstrated that she was good with cats and knew exactly what they needed.  She is even certified to administer medications, if need be.  Patty really understood how important my kitties are to me, and puts my mind at ease by sending me updates about them when I am traveling.  I no longer have to bug my friends to make sure my kitties are okay when I'm gone!I can't speak highly enough of Patty or her dedication to this job.  If you have "fur kids" that you love as much as I love mine, you can definitely trust Patty to take care of them when you're out of town.
5	My girlfriend and I are both nurses who work 12 hour shifts and Patty has been a lifesaver for us and our dog Benji.  She has been very reliable since the beginning and we can always rely on her in a pinch.  As nurses, we get called into work unexpectedly and every time Patty has been available on a moments notice.  She has also helped us on holidays that we had to work!!!!!  She always sends me update texts when she lets out benji, and she leaves him treats all the time.  I would recommend Patty and Perfectly Poochy to anybody!
5	Every time our mommy and daddy go out of town, which is a lot, they call Perfectly Poochy to watch us! We love Miss Patty and so do our parents. They never have to worry about us while they are gone, and we have so much fun playing with Patty! She is very nice, will throw our toys a ton and even waters the plants! There is no on other then her that we would ever want to watch us. Thank you Miss Patty for being the best sitter in the entire world! We can't wait for mom and dad to leave again so we can play. Love Molly and Sophie, the Dogs and Rulers of the House XOXOXOXO
5	Patty has been my pet sitter since 2010 and I couldn't be happier with her services.  I feel very at ease when on vacation knowing that she is taking such good care of them.  She sends texts, emails and pictures during the time we are gone so that I know they are happy.  Her prices are reasonable especially when you consider the quality of her service.  She goes out of her way to make sure the dogs are safe.  I was a day short on dog food during one trip and Patty went out of her way to purchase some dog food for them.   That made her my pet sitter for life.I always come home to a clean house.  One of my dogs sheds a ton and my house is fur free even after a ten day trip.  Thanks Patty for taking such good care of my babies.  Our vacations wouldn't be nearly as relaxing and stress free without you.
5	We moved to Arizona from the east coast back in February 2013 with our two dogs. We did not know a soul, and needed someone to look after our dogs when we frequently had to fly back east.  I was wary about letting a stranger take care of our babies, but  after meeting Patty in person, I had a very good feeling she was going to take amazing care of them. She did not disappoint. Our dogs are our babies, and when we leave them in Patty's care, I do not worry for one minute. She has been watching our pups for almost two years now, whether we are gone for a week or just a night. She is incredibly trustworthy, reliable, and most importantly takes care and loves our pets.  She goes above and beyond, and I don't know what we would do without her! I HIGHLY recommend.
5	I just recently moved to the Scottsdale area and travel very frequently for work. Patty has been nothing but amazing in helping me with my cat, Wayne!!! I was very hesitant at first, as I have never left him for extended periods of time, but my worries have been put at ease with the reassurance and assistance from Perfectly Poochy. Patty is extremely good in remembering details and small requests. She has been flexible and has worked with my ever changing schedule! I love the picture updates I receive to affirm that Wayne is being cared for, and being watched for when I'm away. I cannot speak more highly about the services I've received, and am so happy I stumbled across Perfectly Poochy!
5	My dog Billy just loves it when Patty comes by to take care of him.  We don't use her that often but we can always trust that Billy will be taken care of.  He always comes back clean and had a better attitude, I swear she teaches him things while she has him, not just watches after him.In my book she is Scottsdale's Dog Whisperer!
