5	I'd been keeping tabs on this place for some months and waiting for them to open, so when we found ourselves out in the area of Tivoli Village and needing a meal, I was pleased to see that Bottles & Burgers had finally arrived. Today, it turns out, was their first official day of opening -- having unofficially kicked things off with some freebie food on the preceding two days. I was even happier after we glanced over the menu and both my picky self and my vegetarian wife found many appealing options.We decided not to hold back and ordered the "Pearfection" salad to share. We also shared a serve of the beer rings and Helix Fries with our burgers. The wife got a Veg-Out burger and I went with the Block 16 with chipotle aioli.The first things to arrive were our salads - Before you say "but wait, Michael, didn't you just say you shared a salad" -- the people in the kitchen evidently decided to split our salad into individual bowls (very thoughtful!) so we each had a half sized Pearfection salad, complete with spiced, grilled pears, walnuts, some sort of leafy greens, and a delicious vinaigrette. The salad was really intriguing and made a mockery of my problematic relationship with pears. These were not at all mushy as you'd expect from a pear that's been anywhere near a heat source, but remained crisp and light. The walnuts added some real complexity and I had soon cleaned my bowl.My burger was cooked just as I had requested and at a mere $9 was, to my mind, an absolute bargain. Yes, sure, you don't get any fries or sides with your burgers here, but at only $4 for the quite outstandingly spiced and cooked Helix Fries, it's still a great deal considering this is easily the best burger I have eaten in five years in the Las Vegas Valley. A few days ago I paid $18 for a "HK Burger" at Fleur at Mandalay Bay, but this burger from B&B knocked that one into a cocked hat - at half the price. The meat was delicious, the aioli added that bit of moisture without turning things into a dripping mess, and the brioche bun was that perfect mixture of freshness and denseness, maintaining its shape throughout the experience. The burger isn't a monster, but it's hardly "slider sized" as some have suggested - think "larger than a Big Mac, but not as big as a double whopper" (and a lot better tasting than both).The onion rings were good, but I felt they were superfluous to our experience and I probably wouldn't order them again. They tasted good and I appreciated the presentation, but I usually prefer slightly thinner cut rings than these monsters. your view may differ. I think part of my problem was that I just couldn't stop eating the fries!As this was only their first day of full opening, there were a few understandable glitches. The speciality sodas aren't due in until tomorrow so we couldn't sample those. Also the brownies to be featured in one of the fascinating sounding deserts were also not available at this time. We also had a minor issue where the order didn't print out quite right and our onion rings were delayed - despite all this, the staff handled everything to perfection. No fewer than three managerial types came past and asked us about our experience and our waiter apologised profusely for the glitches and suggested alternatives for unavailable menu items. In a couple of days, when they have ironed everything out, I can see this level of service really turning a trip here into a meal to remember.Bottles & Burgers is a really great addition to the pretty, but otherwise pretty spartan, Tivoli Village. These are some high-end burgers at a fraction of the price you'd pay at some less impressive Strip locations and the menu offers enough variety and customisation features to keep any burger fan coming back for more.
2	Burgers and fries were tasty.  French fries do not come with burgers.  Burger arrived on a plate alone and the plate looked bare.  Very odd layout for a restaurant.  There are about six tables that are right by the kitchen.  We were seated at the table across from the kitchen doors.  It was loud and chaotic as all the servers were passing our table within arms reach of us.  We could see in to the kitchen.  The doors leading in to the kitchen are black and had greasy hand prints all over them which was grossing me out as I ate.  The bars sits somewhat out in the middle of the restaurant so the back tables see the back of the bar.  There is an additional beverage/dessert bar that is waste of space.  The women's bathroom feels like an outhouse.  I am willing to pay a buck for a burger but I need a bit more atmosphere.  Went there on the first weekend or second they opened so overstaffed and hectic.  Even the hostesses were confused.  What appeared to be the owner or manager walked around using his cell phone most of the time looking overly anxious.
2	I went here on a Thursday evening to find this place busy, but disappointing. I found the interior decor very confusing. I felt like I was in a warehouse, very tall ceilings, no wall decorations and concrete floors. We sat at a table and couldn't help but slide around constantly because of the slippery floor and chairs. Also in the middle on the restaurant there is a weird ice cream bar. Not sure who thought putting a 50's diner bar in a contemporary restaurant was a good idea. As for food; it tasted good, but the portions were terribly small. The burger was the size of something you would see in a kids meal and cost $10 without fries. Drinks were also very expensive, $15 for a whiskey and coke. Service was slow, however the bus boy was very helpful. In summary there are many better burger choices in town for a lot less money. The only reason I gave two stars was because it was tasty. I will not be going back.
2	I was looking forward to eating at this new place, but nothing really wowed me.The burger was very small, it looked like a slider, the ceasar salad was not impressive, and the lobster roll was blah.the only thing i liked was the Baltimore fries. The truffle fries sucked. I thought maybe the banana split would make feel better, but the bananas were not ripe. All in all save your money and go to yard house, or smash burger.
5	This just opened about one month ago and is a great burger place. It is nice and airy food is excellent . They also serve salads and have a vegetarian burger. You should try one of their "adult" milkshakes.
2	Well, I really wanted to like this place...but it was just ok.  I would give it three stars, but the fact that a valet driver almost killed me on the way out really just added to my disappointment in this place, so two stars it is.Service: We sat in the bar booths.  Our waitress came by right away to take our drink order and wanted to take our food order, but we had barely looked at the menu.  We told her we needed a few minutes to decide, and then she didn't come back for almost 15 minutes!Food: I very much enjoyed my veggie burger and the order of Baltimore Fries (read: fries smothered in brown gravy).  My husband, however did not enjoy his bacon and bleu burger.  He ordered it medium rare and it came out well done.  No pink at all.  The bacon was burnt and too crispy for a burger.  You could tell the bacon had just been sitting back in the kitchen.  The burgers were $9 and came with a small serving of potato chips, which I thought was a fair price.  The fries, however, were $5 and such a small serving!  Disappointing.  Also disappointing were the drinks.  I ordered their take on an Old Fashioned which didn't resemble an Old Fashioned at all.  It was really basically just a bourbon and ginger.  And it was $10!!  Man, I can go down to the Strip and get a better drink for that price.  This is a burger place!  In a shopping mall!  $10 for a drink?  Oh, and the sliders are $8 for TWO of them.  Are you kidding me?  This place is flat out too expensive.Setting:  If you sit in the bar booths, be very careful because the bottom of the booths are extremely raw and sharp!  I was wearing skinny jeans and flat, so my ankles were exposed.  At one point my ankle grazed the bottom of the booth and it hurt!  I thought, "Geez, they need to sand down the edges or something."  When I got home, I realized my ankle was still stinging.  I looked down and there was dried blood on my ankle!!  The booth freaking cut me!!Valet:  When you walk out of the restaurant, it is located right next to the valet parking lot.  As my husband and I were crossing the street, a valet driver came screaming out of the lot like a bat out of hell and literally drove straight toward me, slamming on the brakes and stopping just inches from me.  I am not exaggerating.  I looked at him and cursed at him.  He didn't respond, just slammed on the gas as soon as I stepped out of the way and then he cut off another car.  What a horribe valet driver!  No remorse for almost hitting me or cutting off another vehicle.Lackluster food/drink and a near death experience left a bad taste in my mouth.  Not sure if I'd go back.
2	Disappointed. Portions are small, prices are high. I started out with a pomegranate gimlet which had a very good taste, I don't like flavored liqueur, and this was gin and pom juice and lime juice, but I basically paid $10 for juice, same with my second cocktail.  I'm a lightweight so I can tell when there is alcohol or no alcohol in my drinks. For my meal I had the pluck university stuffed which was ground chicken stuffed with mozzarella with a red chili chutney, slaw and a taro bun. Sounds good on paper, right? It fell apart immediately and I had to eat it with a knife and fork, and the chutney was too strong for this "burger". My sweet potato fries were burnt, not edible. The entire table got a different order of fries so we could all try them, the gravy fries were probably the best. Our server needed some extra training, we had a table of 7 girls, he acted very scared to approach us, he would drop stuff and run, as if he was nervous to ask if we needed anything else. Not sure if he is new or what, but needs some people skills. The overall con census at the table was this place isn't worth it. If I want a burger I will stick with bachi burger or the burger bar.
4	Gourmet burgers and sides designed to pair well with wine.  WIN!  Well maybe just "win".Another case of an unfocused restaurant trying to please everyone.  The decor is cool, retro chic.  They offer retro sodas, drinks, and even "adult" milkshakes.  Great.  The problem, nothing makes these gourmet burgers and fries taste as good as wine.  The food is so wine centric, playing off the natural acidity and refreshing, clean fruit finish  that drinking anything else doesn't work.  If you are a wine lover, this place elevates the humble burger and fries to a new level of enjoyment.For beef lovers, the double helix stuffed burger is excellent.  A traditional burger stuffed with very flavorful braised short ribs and finished with horseradish.  Juicy, beefy goodness.  For veggie lovers, the quinoa and mushroom burger with charred tomatoes watercress cheddar cheese and an explosively flavorful rosemary aioli is a must try.  Even this hard core carnivore loved it.The fries, while not the crispiest or fluffiest, come with toppings and dips that make them good eats.  Parmesan with truffle aioli. Small selection of fresh but simple salads (the salad of poached pear, fresh mozzarella and candies walnuts on a bed of arugula with the vanilla infused champagne vinaigrette is outstanding; creamy, peppery, tart, sweet and a nice play of textures).Note:  If you are not enjoying some wine or other calorie laden drink, you will find the portions small.The local service (as opposed to the [insert adjective] service of the Strip) is quick and friendly.Very good selection of well priced half bottles.  Great concept that would benefit from some editing and relocation to the Strip.  Great for wine lovers but not worth the drive for the casual Vegas visitor or those living in Henderson for the food alone.
4	I came here for a pre-fixe menu for Valentine's Day. It was actually pretty fun.  It's a casual place, don't expect anything fancy.  Diner type tables and decor.We started out with the cheese and charcuterie plate, which was pretty good.  Nice prosciutto.  The brie it came with was a little boring.  Next we had the garden of Eden salad, which was pretty tasty.  A nice light salad with lots of vegetables.  Then we got to try three different sliders: blazin', BBQ pork, and Mama's meatball.  The BBQ pork blew them all away.  Yummy, tender goodness. The blazin' was pretty good, but just a typical slider with bacon.  The Mama's meatball was bland and hard to eat.  A round meatball in a tiny bun with a little bit of tomato sauce is not the best idea in the world.They also gave us regular fries and sweet potato fries (what they call Southern fries) with some sort of pink dipping sauce.  I'm usually a fry fiend, but these things were not too good.The dinner came with samplings of the Double Helix wine - sparking wine, chardonnay, and zinfandel.  I wouldn't recommend it.  Definitely get something else besides the house wine. The best part was the Hostess with the Mostess adult milkshake.  They blend a Hostess cupcake with ice cream and cake flavored vodka.  It sounds disgusting, but it was actually pretty amazing.  It looks like they have a strong beer selection on tap.  A dedicated kegerator for Stella and some selections from Stone and other craft brews.  Service was good and enthusiastic.  I definitely want to come back to try more of the adult milkshakes and other booze.  Maybe a few sliders.  Glad its in the neighborhood.
2	The Good: Burgers are on the small side but tasty.  Quality of the beef was excellent.  Table service was first-rate and very attentive.  The Bad and the Ugly: Hostess walked us past numerous empty tables to the very back of the restaurant, then around the corner and sat us adjacent to the back door, totally out of sight from the main rooms. The "decor" back there consisted of stacked high chairs, stacked Sysco boxes and the fire extinguisher.  WTF? I could see if the main room was packed, or maybe if we had a bunch of mangy kids with us, but there is no reason to put anyone all the way back there when you have other empty tables, unless the reason is that you do not want them returning to your establishment.
2	Went there for lunch on a Wednesday, were seated and served very quickly. Ordered the lobster roll which was good, and then had the bacon bleu burger and the stuffed chicken burger and the baltimore fries (gravy and cheese on them). The burgers were ok (I've made much better at home), but the taste did not match the presentation: the chutney on my bleu burger soaked through the bottom bun making it a soggy mess and they drizzled this weird honey concoction on the chicken burger which just dripped everywhere making a giant sticky mess. If you have to go wash your face half way through the meal, there's something wrong with the ingredients. There are definitely better places to go for a burger, like the Red Rock, especially for the price.
3	There are moments in life when I am sitting in a restaurant wonder how the f* I got there and why I'm even paying that much money for eh service and eh food.  Although B&B is decent, I was somewhat deflated after the experience and hoped for just a touch better.  First, their menu is pretty enticing.  I've never tried short ribs stuffed into a burger before, so I went for it.  I even ordered a Cesar salad and some fried risotto to start.  My other half ordered the classic burger and we shared some parmesan fries.  First off, the cesar was just a salad, nothing special, something bottled, so we weren't impressed.  Next, the fried risotto balls were okay, but they weren't something I'd go nuts over or dream about.Here's the kicker.I was hoping that my first short rib stuffed burger experience would be great.  Unfortunately, it was just okay. I think if they mixed the short ribs in to the burger patty, it would've been a better result.  In the end it was okay, but not something I'd come back for over and over again.We decided to try the soda fountain, so we ordered an old fashioned soda.  It came in a bottle.  I was somewhat confused because I assumed the soda counter had the club soda and the syrups to mix by order, but I guess not.  Oh well.In the end it's another trendy burger joint with unique menu items. The end.
1	I work at Tivoli Village and have been here on three occassions. I really wanted to like it, but it was simply a poor experience each and every time. The decor is confusing; part soda shop, part modern bistro, part old world italian....did a professional designer get paid for this project? The service was completely disorganized; orders came out wrong over and over. I was offered scotch and wine at 11:30am, while dressed in a suit and tie. I know this is Vegas, but really? The menu reads great, but the actual product was underwhelming. Burgers are petite, nearly flavorless, and bare almost no resemblance to those described on the menu. The Southern Fries (sweet potato) were actually pretty good. The highly touted milkshakes are over-priced and just so so. Bottomline: go to In n Out instead, or if your must overpay for a burger, do so at Lbs at RedRock or Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay.
5	Well this was my 1st officials visit, I came before at a preview. I was a bit surprised they took out the jute box. The foods was delicious. However three suggestions:The Happy Hour wasn't much of a happy hour. Every where else in the village was packed. This seems to be the only difference. How about 1/2 off appitizers?Offer basic fries or side with the burger, then price the difference to upgrade. The fellini fries had a truffle aioli sauce, it was only a half full - should be completely full. The price was MUCH cheaper than DeMarco.
1	Horrible dining experience. First off the decor is all over the place, and was the painter color blind. Second the food, I have read some bad and good reviews so was kinda skeptical. I have to agree with the bad reviews, first off my burger was over cooked. Then it doesn't help when it has no flavor. I ordered the bootlegger and expected the whiskey onions to be great but it was only a couple of chopped up onions and some runny gravy. The fries are good but you can tell they are frozen. Boyfriend had the salmon salad and must say it looked like it was only a couple of uncles. When he asked the server about it she said that's how they come disappointing, and extremely overcooked.  One last thing the manager with the the hair piece needs to get their money back.
4	Having been disappointed by the many "gourmet burger" places I arrived at Bottles and Burgers with high hopes but deep inside expecting to be disappointed.  I mean whenever you tag the word burger with the word gourmet it seems that means over priced and poorly executed as was my experience with the burger bar which is both overpriced and poorly executed with inattentive wait staff, small portions and unwieldy dining area. But I digress, this is a review of Bottles and Burgers, one of the more delightful food choices in Las Vegas.  To begin, the atmosphere is like that of an upscale 50's diner.  One bar for the adults and a milkshake bar for the kids.  Yes, you can bring your kids and seat them at the bar!.  You also won't miss the big game as they had several flat screens scattered around the bar area.  I had checked out the menu on line but the prices aren't available so I expected this to be another 20 dollar burger place.  Boy was I wrong.  The burgers are reasonably priced between $8.00 and $15.00 with the $15.00 burger stuffed with ribs.  You can also make your own burger starting at $7.00 with a $1.00 per topping charge.  The meat is all Angus.  We tried the Sweet Bacon Blue and the Bootlegger after an appetizer of arancini (fried Risotto balls with truffle oil)  We also got the Baltimore Fries (gravy and cheese).  The Risotto balls were perfect, even my 7 1/2 year old loved them.  The Sweet Bacon Blue is a must have, cooked perfectly.  The Bootlegger was a little blander than I could have hoped but still quite tasty.   We wanted to try the Double Helix (burger stuffed with ribs) but we can only eat so much in one visit.  They also have interesting salads (try pearfection) and sliders to try our next visit.The service was excellent.  Our waiter Eric was the best, not just because he has a great name or that he looks like Wilmer Valderrama but because he was honest, attentive and informative.  He even brought us an extra scoop of icecream for my birthday desert because we couldn't decide between vanilla or white chocolate caramel.Bottles and Burgers just misses the 5 star category for one reason.  The portions seem a little small. To me they were just right because I am dieting and also always seem to have leftovers at the larger burger places like Islands or Fuddruckers, but it was the one complaint I observed and I can't argue with it.  Still, with wine we got out of there with a party of three for about $50.00 which isn't bad for the great meal we had.  Definitely worth a return visit for that Double Helix.
2	Hard to find the entrance.I hate the "Bottles and Burgers by Double Helix" name.  First off, when I hear bottles and burgers i think beer and beef and buns, not wine and beef and buns.  They have wine pairings for the friggin french fries for crying out loud?  Please.  Stop.  I know that the 16 dollar burger joints are all the rage, but stop with the wine pairings and upscalifying of it.  If you're gonna charge that much for a burger and then $4.50 for an order of fries they better be badass.  My burger was overcooked and underseasoned  and underwhelming.  Not bad, but small and overly precious.I also hate when joints like this serve their food on a fancy plate to make it look fancy.  They have these fry server things with a sauce receptacle that makes an order of fries 18 inches tall and all fancy-looking.  Problem is there's only 20 fries and the fancy aioli sucked in spite of the special serving containter.  Fries with champagne and shallots?  No thanks.So, the concept is wrong.  The value is not there.  The portion sizes are laughable.  The food is ok at best.  The room is schizophrenic.  Is it a bar, a restaurant, a soda fountain?  The accoustics stunk and the room stunk.One last beef.  What's with the "by Double Helix" in the name?  Is that a household name?  Is that a signifier of quality dining?  Is that a trustable brand that everyone recognizes?  Nope.  It's a struggling wine bar for tourists @ a casino that 99 percent of locals don't know about  and a newly opened, lame rehash of a wine bar @ Town Square.  Don't get ahead of yourselves, rich guy restanteurs.  You haven't proven anything yet except that you have enough money to burn to open a few restaurants.Check out Shake Shack in New York if you want to see how this idea should be executed.
4	I had  the build your own burger that came with a handful of homemade chips.  The burger and chips  were delicious ! I think the size of the burger would be best with not a sample of chips but a normal side of chips. Island's can get away with giving you a sample side  because their burgers are HUGE. The burgers here are a little smaller than your average gourmet burger. We wanted some fries so we ordered the Fellini Fries. The fries were yummy with the truffle aioli but there wasn't enough aioli for all of the fries. The aioli only filled up the lower bottom of the sauce cup. I think they should at least fill the cup half way. The aioli is what makes the fries tasty so they shouldn't be stingy with it.We typically end our meal with a shared dessert but we opted to share their Pearfection Salad.  I've had this salad at their other restaurant Double Helix and I think it's better than dessert! It has baby arugula, poached pears, bufala mozzarella, candied walnuts,  vanilla champagne vinaigrette with balsamic syrup. It was sweet pearfection!
4	This was my first visit, and I immediately appreciated the fact that I could order a medium rare burger (if I'm gonna eat red meat, which is rarely, I don't want it burnt black). I had the "Block 16" which includes sharp cheddar. The burgers seem small compared to the gigantic versions you get at other restaurants, but they are actually the right size, I believe. The bun tasted good and didn't steal the show. The homemade potato chips were large and not over-salted. I could have eaten a larger portion of those and skipped the fries. The garlic fries were yummy but not special at all. The burger was oh, so juicy! Juicy the way my dad used to make them when I was a kid- that man is a genius in the kitchen. The decor of the place is pleasant, industrial chic, brightly colored but still sophisticated. The booth was comfortable. The flatscreen TVs were unobtrusive and all showed sports events. I liked that they showed a variety, including Lacrosse, instead of having all the TVs show the same channel.The servers were friendly (although the hostess came off coldly) and added to the nice experience.  As I'm not much of a meat eater I can't say I'll be back any time soon, but I'd suggest this place to friends wanting a burger cooked nicely, in a pleasant environment.
5	Bottles & Burgers, its like the perfect marriage! They have an amazing beer selection (Innis and Gunn, Delirium, Chimay Blue...etc) and half bottles of wine! You can order great bottles of wines and not be inebriated after the first bottle. That way I am able to try all the great selections! And they have half price bottle of wine on Mondays. I mean half price on Caymus? Half price on half bottle is cheaper than a single glass? Count me in! Food is great. Definitely LOVE LOVE LOVE the Sweet Bacon Bleu, i mean blue cheese and apple wood smoked bacon? You cannot go wrong. Absolutely try the Baltimore Fries (steak cut fries smothered in cheese and gravy)Happy Hour is awesome; $2 drafts, $4 sliders, $5 wines by the glass. You can have happy hour at 4, dinner at 8 and late night happy hour at 9! I'm think I'm in love...
5	I didnt try the food since I wasnt hungry and just came for drinks. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about their wines which was great help. Also, the adult milkshakes were delicious. I really want to come back and try their food.
4	Happy Hour is awesome and the Cucumber Martini is terrific! (I put a pic on Yelp of it)I'd give it 5 stars but something I can't put my finger on is off with the ambience - but other than that it's great.Staff is very nice.Good outdoor patios.The sliders are fantastic!
3	I came here the other day with my cousin to check out the happy hour. I gotta say when I heard bottles I thought beer bottles, not wine bottles. So I was a little disappointed by the beer selection here. I'm a huge microbrew fan so I was hoping to try some local Vegas brews, but alas, it wasn't meant to be. We tried some of their blended drinks and the peach bellini was totally yummers!! The banana one was too banana-y. We had the bacon and bleu cheese burgers with chips and they were pretty good. The appetizer fries (I forgot what they were called) were awesome!! And they were hella cheap during happy hour. I highly recommend those!! This place was nice to check out, but I'm gonna need them to step up their drink selection before I come around again.
3	A few months back I decided to go out for a burger on a Sunday night.  It was good, well pretty close to great.  Half a bottle of a great Bordeaux to go with the burger.  Service was a bit off, but I decided maybe it was because I was just alone and a potentially small tip table.  Due to the awesome burger, and the fabulous farmer's market...  ended up in again today for lunch.  Cocktails awesome!  Waiter excellent!  Food deliver utter chaos!!  No other word for it CHAOS!  Five of us, three orders of fries, and four burgers and one order of sliders.  Some food got delivered to another table, sides came out a good 5 minutes after the burgers.  Requests for mayo and ranch were met with complete confusion and the inability to deliver on the request.  The food is awesome, I can't say that enough.  Amazing to be honest.  But there gotta figure out there expedition of their food, it is a nightmare.
4	I was there on 5/10. Regarding the food, it was excellent!  Burgers are top quality and the fries to die for!  They also serve "chips" with the burgers which are homemade.  However, we did have an issue at first with the hostess.  Me and my two friends were interested in the Happy Hour menu.  We were seated at a booth by the bar and the hostess left.  One friend has a weight issue and could not fit into the booth.  I went back out and asked the hostress if we could have a table as my friend couldn't fit into the booth.  She said yes, however, we couldn't partake in the Happy Hour menu unless we sat in the bar.  I repeated that my friend could not fit into the booth and she repeated that we had to sit in the bar for Happy Hour.  I said so we are penalized and she said no, we could also sit on the patio.  We decided to try it even though there had been smoke and wind blowing all day but it turned out to be surprisely pleasant.  The bigger issue was the hostess was like a robot, reading from a script.  She showed no compassion for my friend or any interest in finding out if an exception could be made in this case.  There are tables just on the other side of the booth and it wasn't busy.  If the weather had proved too much on the patio, we would not have been able to partake in Happy Hour.  Hopefully someone in a wheelchair gets treated better.   On the other hand, our wait service was excellent, along with the food, so we decided not to complain to the manager.  Feeling good about the rest of the evening, we did say goodbye to the hostess on the way out but the incident still bothers me.  The hostess is the first introduction to the restaurant.  Personality is way more important than a pretty face and if a customer is getting a little upset like I was, then she should have brought in the manager and not just recited the "rules".  My friend was embarrassed enough by not fitting into the booth and felt the hostess did nothing to make it better.  My friend took her comment card with her to send in to ensure her comments get to the right person.
4	This is one place that I think is underrated. It may be a notch below the top spots in town, but they still have some quality burgers at reasonable prices and a menu diverse enough to placate the pickiest eaters (adults and kids).For starters, the mascarpone and white truffle aioli added a lot of richness to an otherwise bland arancini ($8) dish. The DV tacos ($9), however, were delicious with their tender chunks of flavorful beef atop flour tortillas.The sweet bacon bleu burger ($9, certified angus beef, sweet onion marmalade, bleu cheese, arugula, roasted tomatoes, applewood bacon) was tasty but the bun was too small in comparison to the large, juicy patty. The Fellini fries ($4) were solid, especially if you're a fan of truffle oil.They've got a wide range of shakes (virgin and the adult variety) and floats, not to mention beer and wine. I tried a Blue Moon float (Blue Moon and orange sherbet) which sounded better than it tasted.My biggest complaint is about the service. It drives me crazy when waiters don't write down orders. I don't care how good they think their memories are, they have a pen and paper for a reason. So, of course our waiter doesn't write our orders down, walks away, then comes back twice to ask us about our order. I'm not sure if the guy was new or not, but he seemed to be overwhelmed by everything. All the more reason to write stuff down. There's no doubt that if I come here again I'll ask for a different waiter.
3	Service was pretty good.  Food, eh.. its okay . IVE HAD BETTER. the burgers are pretty small.  i think the fries , i believe it was the SWEET POTATO FRIES WITH CHIPOTLE SAUCE is more appetizing than the burger. Only thing i liked about it is that when we came in , we were greeted by the hostess. felt very welcomed at the place and they were helpful as well.  and the server we got was pretty helpful . its just that, the food didn't really satisfy me.  I usually finish my burgers, specially when its that small. but for some reason, this one .. idk , i only finished half of it. Over all though, 3 out of 5 stars (; yay for the service ! keep it up.
2	Sat in a booth with my wife and my friend. We had a bartender with short blond hair take our order. We ordered drinks. Drinks did not come in a timely manner. She brought me my beer  but forgot to bring my buddies margarita and my wifes adult shake. It was about 945pm and the place was not busy. I watched her go to the corner of the bar and eat a burger. Our food comes and we tell the guy that we never got our remaining drinks after 20 minutes. He took care of us and got us our drinks. My buddy tasted his drink and didn't like it. The blond came up to us and said she had a rough day and that it was 110 degrees today and people were rude. She was totally not a friendly bartender. The food was good however we won't be going back.
3	In search of a new happy hour spot we decided to try this place on a Friday night.  Had the sliders, fries and the cucumber martini.  The food and the drink were good along with the service.  My complaint about this place is size, at least inside anyways.  If your happy hour party includes more then three people you are not going to be comfortable here.  The bar area just doesn't have the room or that vibe.  I think I would like to try this place for a normal meal because the food I saw being brought out did look good.  But on this night we wound up at another spot in Tivoli that could accommodate our party of eight.
3	I returned to Bottles and Burgers for the third time. My first first was opening week and they clearly had some wrinkles to iron out. I asked the bartender "why the reference to the double helix?" Not one of the 3 bartenders could answer. I am still waiting for an answer. The Happy Hour Blazin sliders are incredible, Angus beef with an avocado and bacon. Yum!. Two slliders for $4.00. We also ordered the pulled pork sliders and  the Italian meatball sliders. The pork was great but the Meatballs were BORING. Although the lobster roll was not on Happy Hour, $12.00 we thought we would try it.  Stay away clear of this big piece of bread with some type of mixture and mayonnaise!!   The service was unforgettable;not horrible but no ne is very friendly. When in the mood for  a beef burger -hit Happy hour 4-7pm.
2	[scrunched up, pouty disappointment face & sigh] 1st & foremost, if the 1st 3pgs of your menu are drinks & the 1st drink is sangria boasting to be the best in town, it doesn't actually have to be the best in town but it does need to be somewhat delicious. When we saw the waiter bringing the $26 "carafe" for the 3 of us, we knew it was going to be trainwreck sangria. We each got a tumbler with something that tasted like watered down Sprite with a couple itty bitty pieces of fruit then the waiter poured red wine into them. From the alleged carafe that was maybe 12oz. Dear B&B, have you been to Firefly?, Tommy Bahama?, Gordon Biersch? THAT'S sangria. The restaurant itself has a nice design. The music- with the exception of Mary J. Blige's Real Love- was a downer. A total mismatch to the vibe of the restaurant. As far as the menu, this was one of the few times in my life that I had a hard time deciding... not because there were so many awesome prospects that I couldn't settle on but because I would've rather had an In-N-Out or Five Guys, after reading my options. Over & over. Hoping there was something I'd overlooked. One of my g.f.'s got the sweet bacon bleu burger, our other g.f. & I got Stan's Italian job (?) sliders & we shared fellini fries & Baltimore fries. Our entrees were good but nothing that would solely get us back in the door. On their own, the fellini fries would've been good (minus the warm parmesan/mayo'y tasting dipping sauce) but the Baltimore fries stole their thunder. When we got to B&B, were pretty shocked by how few fellow diners were there with us on a Saturday evening... by the time we left, we understood why.
4	In Tivoli Village for The Street Food Throwdown, and we were lured in by their Widowmaker the winner of the competition. But once we got inside my husband perused the menu and was easily persuaded by the description and the raves of our waiter for the Bootlegger Burger, he paired it with even more calories...the Car Bomb Float. He loved every pound he put on that day and can't wait to go back for more. I played it light since I had been eating at the food trucks, by ordering the Arancini appetizer, I was basking in my cheesy, truffled glory. And to wash my fritters downs, the Sipping Southern, an alcoholic version of the Arnold Palmer. Perfect.The place was busy so our service was a bit slow at times, but the employees were pleasant and helpful.We are going back in a week, hope it is just as good as the first time.
3	Met a friend for Happy Hour and naturally, I was late, so she was already there seated at a table.  I learned after a while that this was an accommodation:  she's in a wheelchair and Happy Hour is only in the bar area, which has high stools and booths.  Neither one works for her, so we were in the front dining area.  She said it was handled graciously and wasn't an issue.  Score one for the restaurant.She was too hungry to wait for my arrival, so she ordered the goat cheese appetizer - a mound of the cheese, surrounded by home-made potato chips.  Individually, they were both terrific, but together just doesn't work.  The chips are so light and thin that they can't be used to scoop the cheese, and even the little spoon supplied doesn't work; the chip just crumbles instantly.  The tasty goat cheese deserves a different pairing.We ordered a Build Your Own Burger from the regular menu, adding only avocado.  The burger wasn't overly large, but there was a good amount of avocado.  The burger came with -- more chips!  But the bun was the smallest I've ever seen, not much bigger than a slider bun.  We were sharing the burger since, apparently, my friend eats like a bird, and neither of us would have eaten a whole bun anyway.  Still, you'll get full from a burger from TGIF, but here you'll have to order other stuff.  I had their Sangria, made from a "Special Recipe."  When I tried to find out what was in it, the waitress said she doesn't know, it changes all the time, whatever the bartender wants to throw into it.  It was very good, and indeed, the second glass didn't taste exactly like the first!The decor is cute, kinda like an old-fashioned diner (not a NY Greek diner!), and not upscale.  The service was top-notch from start to finish.
4	Our first time eating at Bottles & Burgers and all though the food was good; we were slightly disappointed.  The burgers were supposed to be cooked medium and we were served well done. We were with other couples who had the same issue.  The burgers tasted great even though they were overcooked.  My husband felt that the double helix burger was small for the fact that it cost $15.The homemade potato chips were very good.  If you visit we highly recommend an adult milkshake.  We shared a Choco-cherry shake and it was delicious.  We also ventured to try a dessert and we were not disappointed.  The mouse cake was very light and bursting with flavor.
3	I wish I could give a 3.5...we had good food and service but the burgers are missing the mark that day, especially for the price. We had multiple people at our table and there were also a lot of over cooked burgers, my husband ordered his burger medium rare and it was brown through out, not even close. He got the Double Helix burger which had BBQ shortrib on top so the burger didn't seem dry and they are smaller than a lot of burger joints with better burgers.  We shared some Baltimore fries which were a bit disappointing, not enough gravy, not enough cheese, I'm used to messy gravy cheese fries dripping with flavor. I got the Arancini (Yum) again as well as the Rosso Bruno Caprese, fresh and flavorful! We also decided to share the Hostess with the Mostess Shake after much goading from myself...I love cake and this hit the mark.We were meeting a group of friends for this dinner, but once we got there realized it was Happy hour (4-7 everyday at the bar and firepit) so we got our drinks at the bar, the chef even brought us out blue cheese topped chips while we waited for our drinks. I got the Double Helix drink which was sweet and light. We saved half getting our drinks at the bar, there were also a lot of good food options at great happy hour prices. A friend at our table went up to the bar to get the half priced drinks after we told him about the happy hour prices, the bartender gave him a hard time about having a table, so he sat at the bar and said "Now I'm sitting here", the bartender had no argument. But it shouldn't be an issue the bar was empty, he wasn't taking his time away from someone else, and he got his tip. I hate when happy hours are only in designated areas. I would highly encourage a visit for the happy hour, if I went back that would be why. I doubt a visit for a burger is in the future, there are a better options in Vegas. And Burger Joints in Vegas are plentiful.
3	Good food!!! Service not that great considering how slow.Not very lively but my kids loved the milkshakes:-)
3	I love Tivoli Village, the European-style development in the Summerlin area of Vegas, and not just because of its charming wrought iron balconies, stone facades, water fountains, and faux boulevards.  In a city that prides itself on vast casino spaces bent on sensory overload, it's almost cozy.  Tivoli Village has a quiet energy that encourages meandering among the shops and sitting on benches sipping a cocktail under trees accented with twinkling lavender-colored lights.  It's also close to home, which doesn't hurt.All that strolling and shopping requires refueling, and Tivoli Village offers a nice variety of places to nosh. One of them is the gourmet burger joint Bottles & Burgers.  One Friday night after work, my husband and I picked up my brother-in-law and headed to B&B to get our burger on.Kicking off the weekend, the place was hoppin' ... and filled with beautiful people.  The servers are not only selected for their customer service skills, apparently, because they all looked remarkably buff and attractive.  It wasn't just the waitstaff that was easy on the eyes; a majority of the patrons were good looking as well.  Not sure how well we fit into that mix, but no one made us feel uncomfortable.Our booth was roomy but located right next to the restroom, a little too close for my taste.  More hustle and bustle than we wanted, but not too bad.We started with an order of onion rings accompanied by a creamy green salsa.  The onion rings were nicely battered and crisp, and I really enjoyed the salsa.  The creaminess gave it a body that worked well with the rings, which wouldn't have been the case with a typical salsa.  It was nice step up from the standard ketchup and mustard.I ordered a veggie burger that came with homemade potato chips.  My husband went with a nacho-style burger. My brother-in-law chose the sliders with a side order of fries and a milkshake.  The milkshake came first, along with the onion rings, and we all enjoyed a few slurps of chocolaty goodness.  It was delish!  The fries were another unqualified hit.  With both cheese sauce and gravy, they were yummy.  My bro-in-law wasn't wowed by the sliders but enjoyed them.  The homemade chips were bland enough to let the burger flavors shine... assuming they were there to shine.  My husband wasn't wild about the cheese sauce on his burger - he prefers his fromage shredded - but the tortilla chip strips stayed crunchy, and the burger was well done, just as he requested.  My veggie burger, unfortunately, was a disappointment.  It was mushy and lacked pizazz.  Even with a slice of cheese and sauteed onions and mushrooms on top, it remained blah.  I didn't finish it.I firmly believe that a meal isn't complete without a bit of sweet, and both my husband and I indulged.  My husband's banana split reached new heights - literally and figuratively - of gourmet-ness, piled with whipped cream and topped with sugar art.  No real difference in taste from the diner version, which my husband appreciated.  He likes his classics to be classic, so he was happy.  I tried the opera cake.  It sure looked lovely with cocoa polka dots, a dainty dollop of whipped cream and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  The taste was just so-so.  I was bummed because I relish my desserts, and I couldn't bring myself to finish it.  Can't win 'em all, I guess.The verdict on B&B? Fun atmosphere with interesting selections that don't always live up to their billing.  Worth a second visit.
4	This was our first time.  we had appitzer of hummus and vegtables followed by  sliders for the guys and burgers for the gals.   the cucumber martini amazing.  would come again.  next time want to try the Veg out burger. this comes highly recommended by a friend.Our waiter and hostess very friendly and fun.
5	Stopped here because our 6 yr old done was starving and we needed to go over to REI. I gave the place at least a 4 but my boy gave it a 5!  Great Fri ambience; staff was great; service quick; veggie burger great (but too much rosemary for me); Irish sliders great and kids menu perfect; the piece d' resistance has to be the double helix fries with a garlic sauce on the side-we got an extra order! The Sangria was too strong-tasted more liquor than wine. Overall nice stop for our first time at Tivoli. I could see coming back here.
2	Had a total of 6 people in my party and I wanted to try this place out at Tivolli Village in Summerlin. Bad Decision . The hostess was the only good part about the place as she greeted us with a friendly smile. Went to the table .... nice atmosphere. Ordered drinks and the waiter forgot to take my order! (Guess being in a wheelchair he thought I was part of the furniture ) He started to walk away and I said to him " What , people in wheelchairs dont get drinks? " LOL .... he was very apologetic.The food was meh ..... I had the double Helix and fries ..... My friend had a salad and a Martini for 32.00?? WTF?!?! The end of the meal we got our bill and noticed a 20 percent gratuity added ..... for 6 people ? Isnt it usually 8 people? When we asked the waiter about the bill he just said that he didnt know about it .... he just worked there. WTF?!?! Didnt do a single thing to explain the bill. That left a bad taste in my mouth and I will never go there again.
2	Our first time tonight for dinner and though I wanted to like it, I probably would skip it next time around.  I had the veggie burger which was delish and my hubby had the bootlegger burger -- both were delicious, but not unforgettable.  We ordered fries separately, but they never showed up, along with the side salad that we ordered.  My daughter ordered the kids chicken strips and it was literally two strips and 20 fries.  The kids menu was very skimpy, but perhaps that isn't what they're about.  Then out of the blue, someone brought over brownies and whipped cream as a "special treat from the chef" for my daughters which they devoured!The main reason for the 2 stars -- our service was horrible -- I don't think we've had such bad service in years!  She was nice and friendly, but forgot the salads and fries and then never returned.  We did get a genuine apology from her though as well as a credit for a beer, and so for that, I did still leave her a good tip.  :)  Numerous wait staff walked by and looked over as I'm sure we didn't do a very good job and looking busy as we waited. . . and wondered . . . . whether we'd ever get our check!In a nutshell, decent food, nice atmosphere, but overpriced for the portions and there are many better options for great burgers in the area.
5	Excellent happy hour experience.  Hubby and I had the salmon burger and the turkey burger.  We shared an order of fries as well as an order of arancini.  Cucumber martini was fantastic, as was the food and service (thanks, Whitney).  Our bill was $45 for food and for 5 drinks, which I thought was very fair.  Can't wait to return.
4	We have eaten here numerous times and have yet to have a bad experience. I am a stickler for service and that has yet to be a problem. I had the Surf and Turf (medium rare) and it was very tasty. My wife had the Turkey Burger, which she states "it was not the best but was still good". My oldest son (15) had the Calamari Salad, and the Nacho Burger. He said the salad was the bomb and the burger was very good. My youngest son (8) had the Chicken Strips. He ate them however he said he didn't care for the batter on the chicken. I dig the music and atmosphere! I will return for shizzle!!
5	I loved this place! Everything we ordered tasted amazing. I ordered the Double Helix BBQ and it was heaven. The service was great except that the fries came out a few minutes after the burgers but no big deal. They had a DJ playing music on the outside patio which was really nice. I would recommend this place hands down.
5	I just discovered this place about 2 weeks ago and absolutely love going there. The ambiance is to die for, the food taste wonderful and the staff is super friendly. I love going for happy hour mostly as its a nice place to relax after a long day at the office. I go once or twice a week and fully intend to keep going!
5	All burgers are not created equal.  The Surf and Turf burger at B&B is AMAZING.  Cooked to perfection and top quality ingredients.  You can taste the freshness of the lobster and angus beef.  Friendly hostesses, attentive and cheerful servers make it all a pleasure.  Prices are totally reasonable and the happy hour menu is great.  I play live acoustic music on Wednesdays 6-9 for Ladies Night, so they invest in entertaining their patrons which is nice.  Some might think its a biased review but I don't eat out a lot and I bring my family here a few times a month on my off time just because we love the food and service.
5	We were staying at the sun coast and after a weekend of disappointing meals we tried this place. First off we went on a Monday where all bottles of wine were half off!!! Burgers are on the small side but tasty. I was worried when the server said that the chef recommend the burgers be cooked medium but when we got them they where between medium-rare and medium. Needless to say they were very tasty and since we had hit up the very overated bellagio buffet early in the day, the food portions didn't bother us. Also, my wife had a strawberry cake vodka milkshake and downed the whole thing...fun times ahead indeed! Overall, a great place to go (especially on half off wine day) to get a great tasting burger that will give you a break from the gluttonous time you are sure to have in Vegas.
4	We originally went to Tivoli to get some pizza but as we walked by this place, we said, what the hell, let's try it.Good decision.It was 7 on a Saturday night, and honestly, the place was a little empty. Kinda strange I thought, but whatever, we got seated right away.Good selection of beers, draft and bottle, tons of wine options, full and half bottles. They have a nice house Double Helix Chardonnay as well as a good, light house Double Helix lager on draft.The burger selection was good, plus you can build your own. Would be nice to have more topping choices for the BYO, but they have the basics covered.I had the sweet bleu bacon burger, nicely cooked, great toasted brioche bun. Fries were server in one of those conical stand with the faux newspaper wrapper, keeps those bad boys hot through the entire meal. And at no time every do I consider a 1/2 pound burger small. It was cooked perfectly and definitely big enough.We got a side salad too, and the one annoying thing about that was the plate it was served on was a small rectangle shape and every time you forked a bite, stuff went flying all over the place, a bit annoying. Guys, serve it a larger plate or put it in a bowl!When we left around 8pm and there may have been 4 people in the entire place...the guy at the bar looked like he was about to cry, sorry man, it's gonna be a long night for ya! Too bad, hopefully it picks up for them, I'd go back for sure.
4	The food here was really good. Something for everyone, even non-burger lovers. I am always game for a big, juicy burger, but couldn't pass up the grilled peach and burrata salad which was as delicious as it sounds. I ordered 2 sliders to go with it and tried my friends burger as well. We didn't try a milkshake, but I couldn't pass up one of the their delicious cocktails. I got the jalapeno margarita and it was great.  My only complaint is that the atmosphere didn't seem in line with the menu, it could use a little bit of an upgrade so it looks less cheap diner and more gourmet burger restaurant and bar.  We went on a Sunday and the service was great.
4	Four of us went to B and B and had a good meal, good service and a pleasant atmosphere.The burgers and salmon very given excellent reviews, the drinks were distinctive and the fries were hot and flavorful.  Yes, the place is not cheap and therefore not a place I will be going to often but we will certainly be returning.  I want to try the onion rings along with other entrees.Most importantly the burgers were great.
2	This was my second time at B and B. Although our first experience wasn't great, my husband wanted to try it again because he was in a burger mood.  The place was almost empty...in hindsight i realize why.  The hostess seated us right away and as she walked us back to the first table in front, she pulled her skirt down with one hand as she threw, yes threw our menus down w/ the other. The menus are heavy so you could hear the sound of it slap the table as she tossed them. She then turned to us and said w/ no smile, enjoy.  Oh boy this was not how i expected our evening to start.  Our waiter than came over quickly and brought us glasses of water. As he tried to leave before asking us for a drink order, i quickly asked him if the sangria was red or white.  He looked at the bar and said its very very red, like a dark red.  Ok, i meant what kind of wine but I'll pass.  I said i was allergic to red wine and he nodded and walked away.  When he Finally returned to take our drink and food order, I asked for no avocado on my slider.  He then mumbled something and said ok, that's w/ avocado.  I then repeated NO avocado to him slowly.  I watched him with another table and saw he'd gotten their order incorrect so i braced myself for the avocado on my burger. It was right so i apologize for doubting him.You could see the kid had never been trained correctly as he struggled with the computer entry system, and he was struggling with his tables ( all two of them).B and B, you are two for two and i for one am not willing to go for the hat trick and risk bad service again.  Your food is good but the place is empty because your service is awful, your employees don't care and they're untrained.  FYI, we never saw a manager the whole time.  i'm sure she/he was too busy with the three other tables that were occupied.
4	I finally got a chance to try the happy hour at Bottles & Burgers last week.  I went with a friend, and we ordered 3 appetizers and 2 beers, and our bill was $20 before tip.  That's pretty strong!  We had the arancini, which are essentially fried rice balls, for $4.  They were good, but not very filling.  Then we had the Irish sliders, which I was disappointed that there were only 2 of.  For some reason, I was expecting 3 for $4.  Very good, though.  Then we were still a bit hungry, so we tried the Mexican dog for $6, which was super delicious, though I don't know why it wasn't $4.  It's a hot dog, and the Irish sliders have brisket.  Oh well, can't complain too much as their Double Helix draft beers were only $2.  Definitely a happy hour spot I'll be back to.  Oh yeah, was a bit disappointed their Blazin' Sliders weren't on the menu for $4 as it was listed on their web site.  Oh well.
4	love their happy hour menu!! service is great! staff very friendly! shout out to ian and gang!!
1	Went to B&B on 9 Sept. for late lunch. Got there around four. Nice place at Tivoli, too bad the service was so deplorable. From the hostess (who'd rather chat with the waite staff) to the manager. The whole time we were there it was like a social hour for the workers. The bartender(?) took our drink and food order. Two of the kitchen staff brought out the burgers which were good. We were sitting right at the end of the bar so the staff (including the manager) had to walk right by our booth. Not one time did anyone there ask if the food was ok, need another drink? etc..... I flagged down the manager for the check. He had the bartender bring it so he could continue his conversation with a newly arrived waiter about the Packers/49er's game. When the bartender brought the check THEN he asked if I wanted a beer? Really?The primary reason we went is that our friends in Solvang CA 'Sort This Out Cellars'are the suppliers of the 'Double Helix' brand wines and soda sold at this poor excuse of an eatery. When I asked about the wine they said it was 'good' and from CA but'not sure where'. Wow what a review. Did I mention that the place was almost empty.Some guy slobbering over a girl at the bar, A guy homesteading a booth with a baby in a car seat. (The baby was good.) And there was the waite staff chatting it up. The place is real nice and the play list is eclectic and enjoyable and not too loud.The location is good and the food was ok. One of the burgers was $15. For what it's worth if you want a burger AND friendly service there is an overwhelming list of good burger joints within 3 miles of this place. This place will not last long if they continue down this road. Sorry, B&B. And BTW you should try the wines they are excellent!
3	I went there for happy hour and there was no one there at 5pm. More people started arriving but it was pretty slow. Drinks during happy hr are about 5-6 bucks for sangrias, wine and martinis. The food is pretty tasty, i would recommend to have the sample platter. you actually get a lot of food for an appetizer.
4	One of my husband's friends was in town this past week so we decided to hit up a local happy hour.  B&B has their happy hour from 4-7 and seemed like the perfect spot for us to catch up.  We walked in at 6:30 on a Wednesday and were seated in a booth near the bar right away.  The server was attentive without being overbearing and our orders came out very quickly.Now for the important part:Cucumber Martini $6It was a gin Martini with a cucumber twist.  I have been on a gin kick recently so this was the perfect happy hour drink for me.  It was the perfect blend to go with my food.  DH Draft $2I wasn't sure what was on tap because this was my husband's drink and I didn't steal a sip, but $2 bucks is a pretty damn good price and he seemed to enjoy it.   Sampler $23 - Thyme wings, fancy hot dog, sliders, delicious fries, quesadilla, It was pretty much happy hour happiness.  Each of the different food items came with a different dipping sauce which I think was my favorite part.  What can I say...I'm a dipper.  My husband and I ate most of the food because our friend had a buffet for lunch earlier and just wanted to hang out, but it could have easily feed all three of us.Other details:The facility that B&B is located in is beautiful.  For those of you yelpers familiar with LA it is a little bit like a Mini Grove in Las Vegas with easier parking and hotter/colder temps outside (depending on what time of year you come).  Overall:  Good food + good service = A happy  happy  hour goer
2	The fries were FREAKING AWESOME!  We got the fries before the burgers so we were totally stoked for the burgers. Insert very sad face :( The burgers were bland and SOOOO greasy. After delicious fries the burgers were so "blech" that we were SERIOUSLY disappointed.
4	Second visit. I did not review it the first time . The first visit was shortly after it opened. One improvement is the window tinting which reduces the bright sun shining in during the early evening. The service was prompt and pleasant and the orders came out quickly. We ordered 2 wines from the Happy Hour menu. The only disappointment  is that Reisling is only available on the regular drink menu . Consequently Reisling was double the price of the other white wines on the Happy Hour drink menu. The chicken strips were great with a very nice crunch to the breading. Also the two pulled pork mini sanwiches were very tasty with just the right amount of sauce. Since there are many choices in Tivoli Village and more coming it probably will be a while before we go back. I
1	Went over 9-28-12 to have a bite and listen to some music.  Not too busy but hostess wanted to seat  us next to bar in noisiest place available. Not to happily, she move us to the back where it was quieter. Must have really ticked em off....all the waiters just walked by our table and ignored us! I did not like the burger selection on the menu, so after almost 20 minutes of being ignored, we walked  out. An adjoining table table advised us  they had been trying to order for over 30 minutes.....that's terrible service, I don't care who you are! Won't be going back
5	I brought a group of about 15 people in for happy hour the other day, and the experience was terrific.  We sat on the back patio, which was lovely (the weather was perfect).  Our server was fantastic, and with all those people, she did a great job.  Most people ordered happy hour drinks and food and were very happy.  I ordered one of their specialty burgers, which was delicious.  I would definately recommend the cucumber martini also.  Next time, I'll leave room for one of the adult milkshakes which were very tempting.
2	Friday night in Summerlin is often a challenge. There are many choices but it seems that Friday is when the entire population tries to get a table at the same time. I have started to use Open Table for reservations with varying degrees of success. the first time I booked here, I received a phone call shortly afterwards to tell me they could not seat us. This time I tried again, I waited for my phone call to cancel me but it didn't come. Good! Off we go.We arrive on time and are seated immediately. Nice.We order some drinks and some wings for an appetizer. Wings were a little crispy, I am not sure if that was the intent. OK, only OK.Wifee, myself and teenager ordered Burgers. I took the one with lobster, $5 extra for a tiny piece of crustacean and sauce. Hum? Wifee had Turkey and teen built his own. The burgers were good, cooked medium and a good size. But it's $5 extra for fries. Burgers , in my opinion, should be served with fries NOT soggy potato chips. I believe it is complete gouging to charge 50% of the burger price for the fries.Smaller son had kids chicken fingers and fries and it was ok but the portion was small.So 3 burgers, 1 kids meals 2 wine, 2 beer and 2 sodas $100 . Too much, food was ok but I can spend $100 on better.Bye.
1	Way over priced. Food waa okay, but I had a salad with four shrimp on top and a bottle of mineral water. Came to $20! For salad and water!
4	I stopped in for a quick bite at Bottles & Burgers yesterday. I had heard that they had nice Happy Hour specials. The motif was a little hard to follow -- I couldn't decide if I was in an industrial building or a 50's malt shop or a muscle car garage. The atmosphere was dull, but it was a Tuesday evening! I love it's location in Tivoli Village.The service was just okay. I was eating at the bar at it took about 6 minutes before anyone approached me with a menu. He never gave me any silverware when my food arrived.All that said, I did LOVE the food and wine that I had -- and I really loved the price. I had the Barbecue Pork Sliders and the taste was spot on. The barbecue sauce was tangy and different. The slaw had a great flavor. The fries tasted like larger, thicker In N Out fries! It was just the right amount of food and it came out quickly. I had a glass of Zinfandel to go with for 6 bucks, and it was a nice size glass. All of the happy hour wine was good quality, and you definitely got a good deal on a nice wine.I will definitely be stopping back through this restaurant for Happy Hour!
4	My husband and I came to Tivoli Village for the first time today. After checking out the Farmer's Market and noticing that there were only a few shops to browse through, we decided to stay for lunch. On a side note, I do see a lot of potential for this place. It reminds me of something I would see in my old hometown of Irvine, CA. Hopefully when the economy recovers, more stores will open up and it will be a great place to shop, eat, and hang out.We wanted to eat at Leone Cafe, but after seeing how crowded it was, we walked down a bit further and found ourselves between Brio Tuscan Grille and Bottles & Burgers. Brio also looked like it was filling up pretty quickly, so we decided to try this place out. We sat on the patio since the weather was so nice.Our server Andre was very friendly and attentive. He explained the menu very well, making suggestions from their most popular gourmet burgers, adult milkshakes, and he gave detailed descriptions of their desserts. I ordered the Blazin' Sliders (comes with 2), which were great! The Angus ground chuck was very juicy and cooked well. The bacon and guacamole also made them very tasty. The sliders came with their regular hand cut fries, which weren't very good. Most of it was soggy and didn't have much taste. I suggest ordering any of the other fries that they have on the menu, which look more delicious! My husband ordered the Double Helix BBQ burger and really enjoyed it. He said it was one of the best burgers he had ever eaten and that it was "life changing." lol. I gotta admit, it did look like a great burger because they put BBQ Short Rib on top of the Angus beef. My only complaint here was the plate they used for the sliders. It gets messy when you eat burgers and the small rectangular plates are not a good fit for that. Bigger plates please?For dessert, we ordered the Opera Cake, which was excellent. It was kind of like a Tiramisu, but with more chocolate. Thin layers of chocolate cake and a hint of coffee bisque. Not too sweet and yummy! Also served with a scoop of Vanilla ice cream. My only complaint here was that our scoop of ice cream kept moving around on our plate because they put it on top of a bed of whipped cream. Not a bad find. Prices were reasonable as well.  I would like to come back to try the BBQ Pork Sliders and more desserts! According to their website, two out of the three patios that they have are pet friendly. Yay! I wont have to worry about bringing my dog along next time!
5	Tasty Burgers, great bar staff
5	I went here with my wife on the last night of our trip recently as it was a short walk from the suncoast where we were staying. At first I thought it was gonna be a standard burger and drinks place.... I was very mistaken, it was much more! We figured we would have a few drinks and a burger... we ended up trying all the appetizers on their happy hour menu and we tried their surf and turf burger. Their wasn't a single thing we didn't love! All their drinks and food are creatively new classics. I only wish it was closer to us!!
4	So I have decided as a single diner, I belong at the bar.  It is where you get the service and the attention one deserves.  Service was amazing food was great.  Although PLEASE update your menu to reflect what you offer.  No more Hitching Post half bottles :( only one half bottle of red available.  Also no american cheese availabe... another sad face.....  I didn't ask beyond that!
5	Great food and awesome environment!!
1	Sad! Sad! Sad! Sad!  After a really poor service experience, and requesting to see a manager, she said WE were rude!We were initially greeted with a reception of "oh crap, another customer" at 7:00 pm, then no server for ten minutes, then no drink for five more and then after asking, told they were out of it. After requesting a server to come to the table, the bartender sent the bar back, to serve us. He, was totally inexperienced, and had the personality of a wet mop.  We had to coach him through the ordering process. Again after asking for our originally ordered drink we were told "Oh, we don't have any coffee". After asking for a manager, she  came out and totally looked uninterested and then left. Never to return. Had lousy service to follow.Upon leaving we asked to speak to the manager again. She came out of her office and said WE interrupted her. She said that they had a problem keeping employees and felt that they did the best to be expected. She said that the reason we could not get a coffee was because they had none. Their order did not come the day before. (wouldn't you tell your staff that?). She had no explanation for the continued poor service.  Even her own.Anyway, she said she heard we were rude to the staff and had no apology, and gave us the owner's email address and washed her hands of it.WOW! How do these people keep their jugs in this economy!?All, I can say is, won't be coming back to your restaurant  B&B.SAD, SAD, SAD!By the way the owner's email is Ray@dhvegas.com and his number is 914-621-1400 if you care to let him know how his restaurant is doing.  I have a feeling HE has no idea!
1	I ate at Bottles & Burgers with my family tonight and it was absolutely horrible. We were helped (or shall I say, not helped) by 4 different waiters, because they were all busy flirting with a cute waitress and chit chatting to help costumers. Our order was taken incorrectly, which wasn't easy to correct since it was hard to get anyone to help us. The wait time in between taking orders, receiving drinks and food was ridiculous and to top it off the only time we were asked for refills was when we received our check. It's sad that the only time we were helped was when they wanted us to leave. The food at Bottles & Burgers is good, but the service probably would have been better at In N Out. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone. Go across the street to Boca Park and eat at Cheesecake Factory. Don't waste your time or money at Bottles & Burgers.
3	Came here with hubby to check out the happy hour and were greeted by a very perky hostess.  I've been to Tivoli Village many times and have observed that it has never been busy.  Walking into B&B was no different.  I wasn't sure how to describe the vibe: there is a regular bar in the middle of the restaurant, a milkshake bar on the left side upon entering, and red booths occupying the rest of the interior space.  Four flat screen TV's beam down sports games for those inclined to watch.  Is this place a bar, a restaurant, a brewpub??Our server was nice enough and suggested we try the sampler appy plate, as it is large enough to share.  He was right!  Our appy sampler included 2 pulled pork sliders, 2 regular sliders (these were subbed for the wings, as they ran out of the wings), one Mexican hotdog (sour cream/avocado/jalapeno peppers), fries (soggy and a bit cold), and half a dozen risotto balls (deep fried....so good but so bad for you!).  Hubby ordered the DH draft for $2 and pronounced it "really good!"  Yeah, it actually was pretty good (I'm a non-beer drinker, so that's a big compliment).  The food all tasted great, with the exception of the fries, which were cold and limp.  Not too impressive.  Overall, I think B&B really wants you to like it, but can't decided how to market itself.  Would I come again?  Maybe, if only to see if the fries are hot!
4	This place is awesome. We were staying at the sun coast hotel last time we went to Vegas and this was just a short walk from the hotel. Looked very chill for the area so we decided to try it out. They had really good drinks. Even my husband tried one of those fruity drinks instead of going straight for a beer. We went during happy hour and just had some appetizers. All of them were delicious. Then we had this burger. Ok now this burger wasn't like any other burger I have ever tried before. It was their surf and turf burger that was topped with lobster and this creamy hollandaise sauce. My husband and I split it but soon after we finished our half we were highly considering ordering another. I would totally go here again when we are back in Vegas. Wish there was a location in SF.
2	This location has closed down.
4	One of the better burger joints in town. Good presentation on food and filled with flavor. Homemade potato chips were gone too quick next time will need an extra order. Then to top it off had the brownie sundae and was in heaven. Great servers and a wonderful atmosphere. Next time I have company in town will deffinetly take them there.
5	Was sad to learn this past week that Bottles & Burgers is closed and the restaurant is completely empty of all furniture.  Was very surprised given how good this place was.  I haven't heard from Double Helix or Tivoli Village why they closed.
1	that didn't take long to close! This place was way overrated the service was terrible.   I shouldn't spend $16.00 for just a burger ala cart and still leave the place hungry.   It wont be missed!
