1	Okay, this place was just horrid.  I stayed here twice.  Once on the casual traveler's floor and once up on the executive floor.  Both times I was much less than thrilled.  So let's look at my 4 important features of a good hotel, clean, good bed, location, and breakfast.First let's talk about clean.  I was willing to forgive the construction in the lobby, but the chipped doors, rusty mini-fridge door, and old Subway napkins on the desk was just too much!  And then I went and dropped a my cellphone on the floor by the bed and YIKES it was nasty between the bed and end table.Second the bed.  It was lumpy and sagging in the middle.  This was in the remodeled rooms!  I did not sleep well at this hotel during either of my stays.Location was okay.  It wasn't near the office I was working at, but it was only a short walk to the underground and then a good 10 minutes walking under the city to where I needed to be.  The access to the underground was a life saver when I was there in February.Breakfast was non-existent.  I went up to the executive level and there was no breakfast goodies what-so-ever and the restaurant in the hotel was overpriced, had poor service, and was not all that great.All in all it was a miserable experience.  To their credit they tried to make things right, but it just wasn't going to happen.  Try Le Crystal or the Hilton Bonaventure instead.
1	I stayed here with a group, so I'm sure our selection of hotels was hugely affected by the cost per room, but for a place carrying the Holiday Inn name, I had much higher expectations.To echo another review, the construction in the lobby and ACE bar/restaurant lead you to believe it's new modern, etc, but when you get to the room you realized it is not.  The room is untouched from it's previous incarnation in contrast to the nouveau lobby.  I was supposed to have 2 beds, alas I had a king sized bed and luckily the couch was a pull out.  Both were equally lumpy.  I needed bedding for the pull out, so I called housekeeping and they brought it to me - I answered the door and the guy said "oh let me put your bed together" - and then proceeded to drop a stack of sheets and blankets in a pile and then walk out of the room!  I was in shock!The fridge/mini bar was inexistent.  The pipe room was next to us and kept me up all night with it's squeals.  We had to get maintenance to come and get the A/C to work.  You can hear anything happening inside the bathroom in the room... ANYTHING.  Which leads me to the shower... if I wanted to hear a banshee wail, I would watch a movie or find a clip online - I don't need that horrendous, high pitched squeal as I'm showering!  FIX YOUR PLUMBING!
3	I didn't stay at the hotel, just ate at the ACE restaurant. The food was pretty good; ginormous portion, kinda comfort food, certainly better than 90% of any other Holiday Inn restaurants out there.
3	My boyfriend and I got here early on our day of arrival and were luckily upgraded to the executive floor. (I think it was the 18th fl.)  The room was spacious and clean.  The bathroom is small, but tidy.  The noise level wasn't because of others at in the hotel, but it was because we were literally right by the ice machine.  Otherwise, I thought it was a great value.  Plus, I thought the location was perfect for the sights we wanted to see.
3	People will yap about hotel mediocrities for a budget price. This hotel serves it's purpose, the cleaning staff were very nice, room service brought us a wine bottle opener in about 3 minutes flat, the bar is comfy and busy some nights, and breakfast at the restaurant was 2 eggs, home fries, toast, coffee, and fruit for about $5.50. Can you really beat that?
5	This hotel is a drunken 18 year old American hang out not as bad as The Hotel Lord Berri but pretty damn close but if u want a great room with some piece and quiet cough up 10 extra dollars and get yourself to the Executive Level I was in room 1805 and WOW great view of the city quiet as can be everything was brand new in the room.  This hotel got a hell of a lot better
1	I was already thrown off by a 3.5 star rating on a Holiday Inn but know some of their international locations are quite nice so reserved initial judgement until I arrived. A lot of attitude from the staff when being quite even mannered trying to find out things like what time room service ended and how to get on the wifi. The wifi was horribly unreliable on the 15th floor. The room was DIRTY and WORN and OUTDATED -- shelf in closet falling apart, old beer can behind the television, spilled coffee on the wall, stains on bed, very few power outlets (including none within reach of the coffee pot, I had to move it into the bathroom to use), very outdated bathroom and decor.  I also did not enjoy that the windows were not able to open at all.  Size was fine, sheets/mattress were comfortable. Location is perfect.  I've read in other reviews that they are in the middle of a renovation but my room on the 15th floor (needed key access so I thought would be nicer as an executive level, NOT!) wasn't lucky enough to make the transition yet.  We also had to listen to the loud ice machine (which was broken) and vending machines on floor, even though we were a few doors down from it.I can't say I'd ever stay here again nor recommend it to others.
3	Cozy lounge/bar, the bathrooms are vey small, the room seemed clean enough.Two hookers got in a fight outside of my room around 4am, despite this I still thought the hotel was okay.
3	The best thing about this hotel was the awesome staff at the bar. The rest was rather meh. Not enough outlets, the bathroom was split in half and you couldn't control the room temperature.
2	In the unlikely event the dead ever managed to get to sleep in this hotel, the toilets, flushing, would wake them.The toilet paper would take paint off walls, which, incidentally, needs doing.In most rooms, the sink is in an alcove separate from the toilet, which is problematic if you like to wash your hands after going. The water temperature in the shower ranges from scalding to ice cold, with a millimeter's difference between the two.In an 18-story hotel, the Wi-Fi doesn't work above the 9th floor.Nice lobby, friendly staff.   There's a decent pool, a dodgy-looking hot tub, and a small gym.  The bar in the hotel restaurant has great prices for shots.  There are many hotels in Montreal. Almost any of them would be better.
3	It's an average Holiday Inn in downtown Montreal.  The bathroom is split in two places (tub + toilet, and sink).  The walls are thin and you can hear other people turn on the shower, flush the toilet, etc.The rate seemed reasonable and the elevators are very fast!  I ate at the hotel restaurant for breakfast and it was cheap (compared to the US) and the bar was pretty good.For some reason, on the first day we checked in, there were no face towels.  On the second day, there was one.  WTF?  We were given two facial/hand soaps and no body soaps (for the shower).The Wi-Fi is free, but it is spotty in the rooms.
2	In case you suffer from TL;DR, this sums it up: "No word of a lie, the soundproofing is so non-existent, my husband heard one of the cretins in the room next door let out a ripping fart."For more, read on.... I broke my "never book on Hotwire for more than 1 night" rule and ended up at this hotel. And I got burned. I suppose for the price, we got what we paid for. But I should've paid more and gone elsewhere. First, the Okay bits: -Our room was clean and everything worked. Things were certainly old and worn, but serviceable. Our basic needs were met. -Mostly staff were pretty responsive. When we arrived, our coffee maker didn't have a pot, and one was brought up quickly. We asked for a fridge in our room partway through our stay and received one within an hour. -The porters were helpful and friendly when it was time to head for home, storing our luggage while we grabbed a last lunch in town and getting us into a cab quickly and efficiently. -The WiFi (on the 6th floor) was free and reliable. And now, the not-okay parts that dragged this hotel down into the crapper: HOLY GOD THIS PLACE IS SO NOISY!It appears that every room is adjoining, and joined only by single doors (rather than the more common double-doors I've seen). Those single doors are ill-fit to their frames and have large gaps top and bottom. Result? It sounds like the person in the adjoining room is actually inside your room. No word of a lie, the soundproofing is so non-existent, my husband heard one of the cretins in the room next door let out a ripping fart.Speaking of the cretins next door, this is very obviously a party hotel. The hallway floor was stained with bleach where staff had attempted to clean vomit out of it. Thursday through Saturday nights, the hallways and rooms are full of drunken 18-25 year-olds yelling at each other and talking shit. And as drunkards of any age are wont to do, (when they weren't barfing in the hall that is), using the toilets, a lot. Which wouldn't be a problem if the toilets weren't noisy enough to wake the dead. Even in our own room, we had to adopt an overnight rule of "if it's yellow, let it mellow" or we'd wake each other and our kid up every time we went. On top of that, the front-desk staff were useless. We asked where we could find a store selling diapers, and were told "uh... I think there's a gas station about 8 blocks away." We asked about a place to get a bottle of wine on a Sunday and were also told "Oh, it's Sunday, the liquor store next door is closed, they all are." Acceptable answers, until you realize there is a Provigo grocery store less than 2 blocks away selling all of the aforementioned, every day of the week from 8am-midnight. If you're looking for a cheap hotel where the norm for guests seems to be acting like a noisy, destructive arse, this is your best bet. If you'd like those who seek out such hotels to die in a fire? Stay far, far away.
5	I recently stayed there again on my trip and it was much better this time around!!! The room's temp. was much more bearable and I got to see my two favorite bartenders that work there (sadly, only for one night though:( ). Can't wait to go back and stay there!!!
2	Imagine my chagrin when I pulled up and the lobby was sea of college students on spring break. It was impossible to get an elevator because the hoards of dimwits apparently did not notice me standing there with my luggage as they shoved their way past me as the doors opened. When I was finally able to get an elevator that was at maximum capacity I got joy of listening to a non-stop floury of F-bombs.      My comfortable lounge that I have enjoyed so many visits before was invaded by a bunch of armature drinkers trying to get extra drunk before they hit the town. People were throwing up in the bathroom and it was not even 9pm.The real fun started around 1am when drunks started to return to their rooms. From 1am to about 4:30 I laid in bed listening to doors slamming, yelling in the hallways (more f-bombs) and fighting in the streets below. At 7am I wanted to get breakfast but the restaurant was filled with the last of the returning booze hounds. While there were tables available I decided walk to Tim Hortons.I want to like this hotel, I just don't like the kind of customers it attracts. The trick to staying at this hotel is to get as drunk as everyone else.
2	We stayed here in March 2011 to get to know the city. An enormous high school hockey tournament had taken over the hotel. Every elevator was packed with screaming kids. One time, we got an elevator, but there was projectile vomit on the door. We stayed for two nights. The first night included sounds of kids running up and down the hall in front of our room, laughing, shouting and kicking doors until 4am. The reason our experience gets 2 stars: The management reimbursed us for the first night after we brought up our inability to sleep. No change the next night though. The restaurants in the lobby are overpriced and uninviting. Since it's walking distance from downtown, it's good for a bargain, I guess. By no means stress-free.
5	I went in the bar late. Their drinks are pretty delicious and the bartender stephanie a great.company. They've got a casino too if you're feeling lucky :) I have no idea on the hotel itself but the bar was qiute decent. You can sit on Nice chairs and tables or on the comfy lounges. They also play music.
1	Not worth the money. Even my discounted rate from Hotwire is way too high for this place.From their website: "Our newly renovated Holiday Inn Montreal Midtown hotel offers our guests deluxe Montreal accommodations"Hotwire showed this hotel as a 3.5 star, Holiday Inn website claims it is a 4 star. Oh my, where do I start?Rooms were probably last updated in the late 80's or early 90'. Carpets were worn out and had pulls all over the room. Bathroom was bad: mold between tile, gaps between tile, between floor and wall. Bathroom door had brown stain all over it. Entrance tile hasn't been cleaned for who know how long. I don't want to mention tall mirror by the closet. When I complained to the front desk, they told me all rooms are in the same condition and they can not find a better room for me. To make things worse, there is no soundproofing at all. I've been woken up by babies crying, people drying their hair or simply talking next door.Amenities are not worth mentioning.  They do change Wi-fi password whenever they feel like it, had same password for two days, then changed twice in one day....Location is ok. We went for the Jazz fest and this hotel is only a few blocks from all the concerts (outdoor stages and indoor venues). It is an ok walk to Old Port and Old Montreal (if you don't mind walking and wearing flats, since Montreal has a "few" hills).Hotel does get very busy on the weekends. Tour buses dump people off all hours of the day and night, weddings, you name it.We did try to use a cab sitting by the front door.  Cab driver did not know the location of the restaurant, so when we tried to provide an address, he ignored us and kept talking to his buddies, trying to figure out the location, telling jokes etc...all that while we were sitting in the car and meter was running. We decided to get out after him moving about 2 feet and meter showing $5!! Overall, this hotel doesn't deserve it's rating, is very noisy and dirty.
4	I normally don't review hotels, but I wanted to say a few things about this particular one. First off, the Holiday inns in the states are pretty crappy. When I walked into this one, I was a bit amazed that the quality here was so much better in Canada. The prices were decent, the rooms were nice, and the staff were great. We were able to get a discount because we got a price match, which made it even better. The location is pretty central to everything, which made everything within walking distance, I guess that in itself is where a great deal of the value lies. Lots of hot women working here, which is always a plus. My room was missing a few of the key items that normally gets supplied, such as hand soap and cups, but it wasn't that big of a deal for me, as they were able to give us an adjoining room with my other friends and I just used theirs. One of the employees who were dropping off our invoice was a dick though, warning us: "that type of smoke" will set off the alarms and the fire department will come down and charge us $200. I don't know what smoke he was referring to, as we got moved to a smoking room (they ran out of non-smoking rooms) and I just recently smoked a cigar. I thought it was rude, especially since it was 3am and he knocked on the door. I think he just assumed we were smoking something illegal.
2	I'm trying to give it a 1 and a half but that do sent work so i gave it a 2. I found poo on the toilet seat a bloody piece of dental floss and a used coffee cup. Good thing I brought my sleeping bag because i had to sleep on the floor because my sheets where discosting. Some of the kids from my hockey team went to another hotel. It Felt like I was in a cave in the woods it was so dark. Only thing good was the lobby with the presentation room, escalator's view, ice cream, and great breakfast buffet and restaurant, I was going to say the salt water pool was good but it turned my sisters hair GREEN!
2	Ok from the moment we arrived to this hotel there was non stop issues! The staff at the main desk was tudy and rude... With a brush off style attitude ... The parking is atrocious and so is the set up! They charge u per day for parking 26$ ! On top of everything they lost my car once and another hockey players dads car as well! Food in the restaurant is decent ... Be careful of there's kids having parties cuz the chaos they make in the halls at 2-3 am is absurd ! Rooms were standard hotel rooms semi clean
1	I traveled to Montreal for two nights for businesss at nearby McGill University.  I will not stay at this hotel again.  The room was dingy, with large coffee (or some such) stains on the curtains.  The bathroom was tiny, split between the toilet & tub/shower and the sink.  You could hear every flush, and every valve opening both vertically and horizontally between rooms.  The airborne sound isolation between the rooms is non-existant, and every word is clearly audible through the poorly sealed door to the adjoing room.  Air borne sound is so totally unimpeded by the doors, that I had to look up several times to confirm that my neighbors were not actually inside my room.The hotel evidently caters to a young hockey / party crowd..  Scores of young people arrived after me, and spent one evenings shouting obscenities in the hallways, slamming into doors and walls, and kept it up until well after midnight.  Wifi in the room was very slow and periodically dropped off.  Food in the restaurant is poor.  Elevator is slow.  Desk staff is indifferent. I cannot recommend this hotel.
2	I'm staying in this hotel for a trip with my university. We were all put on the second floor. That was exciting until I realized that with the bar mitzvah and wedding reception directly downstairs, I would hear the bass line of every single bad early 2000's pop song pumping through my floor. Lo, even as I speak, Hey Ya is breaking out. The DJ is singing along over the microphone. It is 11PM.Two of the four plugs in this room do not work. With three people staying in the room, you can see how this becomes a problem quickly. The wifi is free but spotty. The AC appears to be controllable via voodoo magic and prayers. It is quite toasty in here in mid-May; I shudder to think of what it must be like in actual summer.The pool is nice at least, as is the lobby. Nice gift shop. Walking distance from a lot of shops and restaurants. It's a good choice if you're only planning on using it purely to crash in after you come in from the clubs really late at night/early in the morning.May update if experience changes, but so far it's been pretty dismal. If they try to put you on the second floor (or even the third, I'd bet), tell them you hope their clothing shrinks in the wash.
3	As far as Holiday Inns go, this one is not bad.  The units are clean .. no mold or poor plumbing or the like.  The restaurant and coffee shop+pastries on the lobby level are not bad at all.My biggest gripe with this place is that the internet is painfully slow at all hours of the day.  It's practically unusable during peak evening hours.  If I leave the office and have to get some emails and work done in the hotel, I can forget about it.  Better off finding a coffee shop.
1	The absolute worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Around 3PM, we hop in line to check-in. I was with a small group so the staff asks that a solo traveler behind us step through and get handled. His room wasn't ready... 15 minutes later, it was our turn. After another 15 minutes, we're told our rooms aren't ready and that we should have a seat. After another hour or so, without anyone from the staff fully explaining the issue, offering us any sort of compensation or apology, our rooms are ready. But only three of the four. This is now two hours after check-in. Yes, Holiday Inn, I wanted to spend my first few hours of vacation on your couch. So we head up to the rooms. Smoking floor. None of us smoke. We're assured that's what we booked and at it doesn't really smell. Inside the rooms... Where to start? Worn out rugs, musty smelling linens, lumpy beds, a commercial grade toilet (think: gas station), and more...The shower was reminiscent of summer camp as a child. The temperature varied about every five seconds from absolutely scalding to ice cold. I spent the first ten minutes of each shower trying to get comfortable before retiring to the fact that the knob didn't do anything and this was going to be a terrible shower. We were told by the front desk "if someone in a room near you is showering at the same time, you may experience temperature variations." No, really; they said that. The only thing this shower had over the camp shower that I recall is you didn't get electrocuted when you touched the nozzle, but I wouldn't be surprised if that was the case in some rooms.And the AC... I realize Montreal is pretty far to the north and air conditioning isn't a top priority, but in a hotel it needs to at least be a thought. In the middle of a July day, the room was pretty much unbearable. At night, despite it being in the 50s outside, it was a no-covers sweatfest. Luckily, we had our own beds, but if you were trying to sleep with a significant other (or insignificant other... It is Montreal, after all), you'd have a terrible time. It was so bad that we called the maintenance guy. He somehow justified the lack of air flow and coolness on the fact that "they keep me in a room that is about 90 degrees Fahrenheit." The staff has completely invalid explanations for everything. Bravo, management.Noise insulation was non-existent. From inside your room you could hear every conversation occurring in the halls as well as those in the rooms surrounding you. Not good for sleeping or telling secrets. I was here with a group; I have knowledge of about six rooms. They were all more or less the same.Of note, a green cloud (marijuana) could be seen when you exit the elevator on a smoking floor in the wee hours of the evening. They were right... Didn't smell like smoke at all!I'd rather rub my nipples off with a rusty fish hook than spend another night in this place.
2	Recently stayed here on a business trip and it was so so. My major complaint is the bathroom situation. The sink/mirror and toilet/shower were separated from each other. The bathroom itself is the size of the closet and there's no fan. What I hated most about this room was the toilet. It looked like the kind of toilet you'd find at a gas station complete with lever and all. It was loud, nasty, and not appealing.The bed itself was not up to holiday inn standards at all. They were big and stiff making them fairly uncomfortable- same goes for the pillows.What really bothered me was the noise. Paper thin walls, hearing everyone's conversations in the hallways, and everyone flushing the nasty looking toilet. The decor and carpet are out of the 80s and really requires renovations.   I was personally disappointed that there wasn't a continental breakfast.Apart from that valet parking was 26$ for the day which is decent. The staff were also very friendly and extremely kind to me and my female co-worker. My other co-workers did mention to me that the staff were much colder towards men.All in all it was a decent experience but it definitely isn't up to the Holiday Inn standards.
5	Have stayed here several times.  Management and staff polite and helpful.   Rooms always clean.  No problems.
3	I approached this hotel stay with some trepidation because the trip advisor site said it was great, but the yelp community had terrible things to say about it! I am relieved to say that the reality is somewhere in the middle.The Holiday Inn Hotel Montreal-Midtown has a great location close to McGill University and well within reach of the Ste. Catherine shopping strip and Place-des-Arts. I was able to get most of the way to my hotel from the train station using the underground concourse, although I will admit it takes some determination. The hotel itself is underwhelming on first sight - the lobby looks a bit drab and dated. The hotel rooms are a bit dated as well. I was surprised by retro touches like full-volume toilets, 80-90s era fixtures, and places here and there where it looks like the maintenance team should be paying a little more attention.But I was there for business, not for hanging around in my hotel room. It was small, clean and adequate to my needs. Room service was mixed - my first meal was pretty terrible, the second an improvement but nothing special, and the third quite good. Overall, I would say room service is nothing to get excited about and that makes me guess that the same is true of the restaurants on the first level. But you are close to lots of restaurants and you're in Montreal - go out and experience the belle cuisine of the belle province.The hotel appears to be popular with bus tours, so it is not unusual to find a crowd of people hanging out with their luggage in the lobby. I didn't find this to be a problem because it was managed efficiently and never caused me any inconvenience. Service people were professional and pleasant; nothing outstanding.My favourite thing about the hotel was the swimming pool. A lovely salt water pool with enough length to do laps, but with an extensive shallow end for splashing around with your kids. The change rooms have dry saunas, there's a hot-tub at pool level, and the gym appeared to be well-equipped.Overall, I would say that I wouldn't go out of my way to stay at this hotel again (although that pool really was nice), but I think it's fine.
1	PLEASE! PLEASE!FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!DO NOT EVER EVEN ENTERTAIN STAYING IS THIS EXCUSE FOR A HOTEL!!!Disgusting, decrepit and dirty. 2nd worst experience I've ever had.......one step up from a rat infested craphole pensione in Venice.Went this week with a group of 20 and sadly, I was one of those in our group who had a "good' room.The place was filthy. Trash in the hallways. Hot water did not work in some rooms. Gross! Condom wrapper near by bed.....other tidbits of trash all over my room. Snots wiped on my head board. Filthy bathroom. God, my skin is crawling!Disgraceful! SHAME ON HOLIDAY INN!!!!!!
3	Good Locations,Clean Place,Good  Prieces
