5	Best... Steak... EVER!!That's it. Those three simple words sum up my experience this evening. Oh, you want more?! Okay!!Upon entering the brand spankin' new Lone Butte Casino on my rez.. the Gila River Indian Community, one can find new slot machines, a lounge with waterfalls that can make someone drunk just from staring at it, fresh clean(ish) air... and my favorite amenity... the Verona Steakhouse!!Entering the nice clean and dare I say it... swanky Chophouse Steakhouse... is both casual and fine dining. Grandma's in their Blue Light special tunics and oxygen tanks sit enjoying enormous Cesar salads that was made table side (!) by well trained servers. I looooove the decor! I small found small touches that reminded me of home, the tortoise shell ceiling that melded traditional Pima basket designs with Italian decals, interesting. There's a nice mural and huge windows that with Cafe 24/7 encircle a very beautiful fountain. (I'm assuming this is to recreate a whirlwind design, which is a well known symbol to my tribe, "all crazy times are a whirlwind" - Pima proverb) If you're dining indoors, especially in the day time its very nice to have these huge windows, I kinda wished we were sitting by one of them! Our server Jessica presented us with some bread and made a dipping sauce made with Bellagio olive oil, balsamic vinegar, freshly grated parm and cracked pepper. Lovely. I couldn't get enough!I ordered the 12oz Rib eye with Squash w/pancetta for $25. I was very specific with my steak. I ordered it pan-roasted to medium and finished with butter, served with a side of blue cheese. And I got it medium and grilled on the salamander. I was disappointed when it first hit the table, and then I took a bit... oh em.. gee!!! Never, EVER - have I had a steak THIS good!! Tender, perfectly chard, flavorful, beautifully seasoned and well rested. The sign of any great steakhouse is in how well they rest their steaks before serving. I couldn't believe it was so amazing... but I can't help but to wonder how it would have been if I got it the way I wanted it! I also can't help but to wonder if the chefs in the back knew better than me! I did tell the server that the order was wrong... but that I was happy and didn't need to have it fixed or replaced. She was relieved and waited on us hand and foot afterward. My mom got the Special. An 8oz Filet Mingon with asparagus, roasted potatoes and eggplant ragu for $27! She ordered it well done! (ARGH! I know I know... ugh, some ppl! :P) But it was very good... even if they ruined it to her specifications! We ate to our hearts content and walked away very happy with our meal. I ran into my biological mom (long story) and her husband celebrating their wedding anniversary, I told the waiter and he hooked them up with a free dessert! How awesome is that?! The manager walked the front of the house asking everyone (including us) how our meals were going. They pay attention to the small details, which is something I notice and appreciate. I may not be able to afford it ALL the time... but I will DEFINATLY be back with MANY more in tow!! I wish they were open 24 hours like the other restaurant at the Casino, but alas - they have lunch and dinner service only. To my yelpers, I say... GO, GO NOW!! What are you waiting for?! I don't care if you're not in the area... GO! Its not THAT expensive... quit crying! :P Go and enjoy yourself!! Try some wine and give the Cesar salad that's prepared table side! And don't forget the cannoli! I hear it's yummy! And be sure to play a few slots on your way out! ;)
5	Just got back from the Sunday jazz brunchEvery SundayBrunchBuffet$20 per personLive jazz musicSCORE!I thought the food was fantastic!  Not bellagio great, but definitely tasty and well worth the $20I had prime rib, paella, shrimp, a custom  omelet, kahlua french toast.... pastries.... chocolate dipped strawberries.... yummmmmmmmmmmSo yes, I shall return.  Love it.
2	The only reason this place gets two stars is because of the food.We were there June 6, and around 830PM, we decided to walk in the Verona Restaurant, since we wanted a nice dinner for my husband's birthday.The hostess that sat us promptly was gracious, and said someone would be there shortly with water.We waited about 5 minutes for water. Our waiter Peter must of been having an off night, or support staff wasn't there. I cannot think of too many reasons for how were treated during our meal there.First of all, the ambiance of the restaurant is nice, the booths just a bit nicer with the nice leather seating. The ceiling has a nice alabaster light, but it seemed to be right on our table. Perhaps at a later hour they dim the lights?Before we were even acknowledged by Peter, our waiter, or anyone with a glass a water was probably a good 5-6 minutes after we sat down. At least get a person a glass of water. When Peter came over, we had plenty of time to review the menus, as the hostess had given those when we first sat down. Peter ran through the menu, offered to get drinks. My husband decided on water, and I requested a cup of coffee with cream.We placed our order, hubby had the NY steak with the Potatoes Rustica, and I had the 8oz Ribeye with Baby Vegetables(broccalini).The redeeming quality of this place WAS the food. I had to ask for my coffee again, I was just about done with dinner. We were NEVER EVEN ASKED ONCE HOW OUR FOOD WAS. NOT ONCE. I am so disappointed in this place. I thought we might of found a nice, dress up nice and have a celebration dinner, as my husband wanted a casino night for his birthday.It seemed our bread came late... while the rolls are good, you get a couple, I hesitated to even think of asking for any more.Our water glasses were never refilled(glasses completely OUT of water), wait-staff never asked how things went with us.... ANYTHING to acknowledge that we were even there. I believe it was the manager that refilled our glasses about 5 minutes before we left.Perhaps we weren't high-rollers? I don't know the answer to that one. I do know that the party next to us, had a wonderful waitress, and she communicated with them.We never asked for anything out of the ordinary, we were dressed appropriately for a nice restaurant, and we have dined in nice places before, and never been treated so poorly.  We never demanded anything, didn't order something not on the menu, we weren't demanding in any way shape or form.  WAIT! We asked for bread after the salad arrived, maybe that was it?? We had been there around 30-35 minutes when we requested bread..We almost had consumed the salad and from experience, you usually will get a selection of bread. Although, once the bread arrived, Stephen did an awesome job preparing the olive oil and balsamic vinegar. It was good.I think that perhaps they realized that things were basically not salvageable, as Peter said when he dropped off the dinner check, and hurried off, "the coffee is free" said as he passed by the table. Weird.I wouldn't go back to the restaurant. I had hoped for a place where you are treated well, and the food good.I have to say that the prices, I thought we reasonable, my 8OZ  Ribeye was 17, with one side included. We ordered an In Casa Ensalta(sp) - 8- which was pretty good. The food isn't the problem, at least not on June 6, 2009, it was either the staffing wasn't sufficent - it should've of been... It was Saturday night. They should expect more diners on a weekend night, and staff accordingly.
5	Verona is a welcome addition to the valley.  I don't care for casinos and the smarminess that seems to infuse them.  But once you pass through the smoky crowds and in to Verona, you are in a different place.  For new construction, they managed to pull off some old school steakhouse atmosphere.As for the food:  Let's start with the premise that I don't like steak.  I never order steak.  I ordered a pasta dish and my fabulous wife ordered a surf' n 'turf special with a lobster tail and an 8 oz filet mignon.Next time I'm getting that.  I told our waiter Anthony that I don't really like steak but I would come back for that steak.  Since I would order it medium well, how would they prepare it?  Anthony told me that in that case they would butterfly the cut so that it could be done to my satisfaction yet retain its tender juiciness.  And the lobstah?  I lived in New England for about 3 years before arriving in Phoenix...I've had lobstah that is moments from the boat.  Verona served up a pretty good lobstah tail, particularly considering we are in the middle of the desert.  The roasted new potatoes and asparagus that came with this dinner were delicious as well.My pasta consisted of penne pasta with a rather sweet tomato and cream reduction sort of sauce with Italian sausage and panchetta.  Very tasty but not fabulous.  In true form, this place is all about the steak.We also shared a caesar salad which had a nice and authentic caesar dressing.  By authentic I mean that the anchovy flavor came through nicely.  Oh and it comes in a bowl made of fried cheese.  Seriously.  Take a bite of that bowl.They have a nice wine list and I recommend the listed table red.  Good stuff.  We shared tiramisu for dessert.  Again, very tasty and made authentic with mascarpone cheese, not custard.Service was very good throughout.  My one small complaint was that my water glass went empty several times and it took a few minutes to get a refill.  In fairness, many restaurants miss this mark because I am one of those diners that puts down about a 1/2 gallon of water with a meal.  Just leave the a pitcher after the second or third refill.
5	I was hungry for a really good Sunday Brunch this morning, and with all the 5-Star ratings for this place, I knew I had to grab a friend and whip over there to try it!Rather than give all the same raves over again, I would just refer anyone to Iain B's excellent review of this place... except to add that that there is also delicious prime rib!If you're hungry for a really terrific Sunday Brunch with a little Jazz in the background (not too loud & just right for the place), & excellent table service, this is IT!!$19.99 (Player's Club member or not).  Age 21 up, and you need RESERVATIONS here... this place runs full, because it's THAT GOOD!  520-796-8952  See you there!=======================10/30/11 Note:  The last Sundays of the month it's now $10 more & includes Champagne.
5	My wife and I have been meaning to try Verona Chophouse since the Lone Butte Casino opened about a year ago.  Although we are not really casino people, we wanted to try the restaurant.The Sunday brunch was spectacular.  Outstanding service, incredible food and great ambiance.  The decor is trendy and appealing, and while we ate there was a duet of piano and flute adding background music.  Really nice touch.The buffet offers a great cold selection with fresh vegetables, pasta salads, seafood salad, grilled aspargus, mozzarella balls and many more dishes to try.  One the hot side was baked halibut, pasta, eggs, french toast, bacon, sausage, beef, chicken and biscuits (one of my favorite things on the entire buffet) and several other choices.  The buffet includes a prime rib carving station and omelet station, and a full table of deserts.What I really noticed about this buffet was that there was nothing really "different" about the actual food on the buffet.  Most of these items are pretty standard on buffets of this caliber.  What WAS different was the quality.  Everything was top-notch, and it was evident in the taste.  All of the food was prepared perfectly and each item was better than the next. The prime rib was delicious and the omelet may honestly have been the best that I have ever had.  I don't know what was unique about it, just that it was amazing.  The "biscuits" with the chicken and biscuits were actually light, flaky puff pastry that really went well with the flavorful chicken.The buffet includes soft drinks - try the pomegranate green tea.  For $20, I will be here on many Sundays.  There are a lot of great brunches in Phoenix, but very few of them are this good for this price.  We were extremely impressed, and cannot wait to go back to try Verona for dinner.
4	My partner and I decided we wanted a steak and wanted to try a new place. We decided on Verona Chophouse because I don't remember having a bad steak at a Casino! Anyways, we were seated right away. The ambiance was a pleasant surprise. It was dark, somewhat elegant, and there was a piano man. Our server was nice but sloooow. It took about 10 minutes to receive our drinks. I seen them at sitting at the bar and was very close to walking over and getting our drinks. We both got the 8 oz Filet-medium, I got the sauteed Spinach and my girlfriend got a baked potato. Our server brought us warm bread with oil, balsamic vinegar, pepper, and parmesan. I didn't particularly care for the balsamic vinegar and I normally really like it. Anyways, we enjoyed our view (an outdoor like setting with chairs and fireplaces separates another restaurant). Our food arrived, our waters were refilled and we began eating.My initial bite was not good. It was too crunchy, dry and tasted old (probably too cooked). As I got to the middle it was like a different steak. It was perfectly cooked and melted in my mouth. I ate the entire thing because it cost $23, so I wasn't leaving anything. The spinach was delicious. Overall, the place was good, the ambiance was great the service mediocre. One more thing..it didn't seem smokey or noisy at all for being in a casino. The booth we were in was "broken" the seat was sinking so we just moved over...
5	well the Sunday brunch is as good as it gets probably the best in the valley.They put out a spread that was fit for a king. Everything i had was cooked to perfection and the quality of food was all grade a. there is a live jazz band playing not to lound in the back ground and the service is quick and friendly.I went here with a free brunch coupon and had a great meal this one is going right near the top of my list as favorite buffets.
5	One of the BEST buffets of all time. The food is always fresh. I like the omelet/egg bar. You can get scrambled with whatever he has. I get mine with onions & cheese.. They usually have bacon & sausage as well as french toast. They also have a nice fresh fruit tray, cheese & crackers as well as some different breads. On the hot side they have a prime roast most of the time, with some other hot items as well. The desert bar is nice as well. The lemon cake is moist, flavorful and a nice way to cap off a great meal.. Most of the time they have chocolate covered strawberries.  The staff are always nice and alert and friendly. The best $20 you'll spend in a long time. Dinner is also a excellent choice. I suggest the lamb chops!
4	Great place for inexpensive Sunday brunch. The food and service are top notch. If you are a beleiver in getting what you pay for you should be as impressed as I was at the level of service and quality of food for $20.
5	After reading the Yelp reviews, we had been looking forward to trying this place. We were not disappointed.We had dinner there on a weeknight. Eventually we'll get around to trying the Sunday brunch everyone raves about. I had the ribeye and my wife had the rack of lamb. Everything was excellent, though the steak was better without the sauce the put on it. Next time I'll ask them to leave it off. Service was excellent, though we were there on a very slow night, so I cannot judge what it might be like on a Saturday or during their popular brunch. Prices were high, but actually less than I expected for the quality. With drinks and tip we spent about $80 for the two of us. But it was a rare date for us, so I did not mind too much. In all, it was a good experience.
2	We visited Verona Chophouse on Valentines Day. The food was good. That was all that was good. That is all.
5	Been here for both the brunch and dinner.  Had dinner there tonight...great server (funny too).  We started with some bread - which was very hot and fresh.  Next, a Caesar's salad and a House Salad.  Both were delicious and very well put together.  The house salad had baby tomatoes, red onion, fresh parmesan, etc...Main dishes: Rib Eye and Pollo al Mattone, sides: baked potato (sour cream, butter) and broccolini.  Everything was done perfectly and tasted heavenly.  Can't wait to visit Verona's again!
4	The only reason we even tried this restaurant was all the positive Yelp reviews. Actually, that's not the only reason - also my parents were in town and my mom loves going to the casino and Lone Butte is the closest one to my house. Even though I had read the reviews, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. The four of us had a very tasty meal that did not break the bank in a casual atmosphere and we got to play a little afterwards.The calamari appetizer was absolutely delicious! It was not overcooked at all, just a light breading with some peppers mixed in to give it flavor and was served with a ample amount of tomato based dipping sauce. I ordered the rack of lamb after reading Jason L.'s review and was not disappointed. Perfectly cooked with a wonderfully sweet sauce. It was way too much food for me so I only ate about half of it that night but the hubby enjoyed the leftovers the next day. I ordered it with the mushrooms which I thought were a bit dry and not really very good but my mom liked them. I did sample some of my husband's mashed potatoes and I thought they were fantastic so I will definitely get that as my side dish if we go back. He also enjoyed his steak and my parents liked their seafood dishes. For dessert we all shared the tiramisu. It was not a traditional tiramisu with the soggy cookies or cake layered in; instead it was a rich mousse that was served with a lovely presentation in a martini glass with small (still crispy) ladyfingers sticking out. I also had a cappuccino after dinner and was very impressed with the quality... it was done in the traditional Italian style with super strong espresso with no milk mixed in and a thick layer of foam on top. Fantastic! I was also impressed with the wine list. They had a great variety but a lot of bottles were very reasonably priced. If I am going to go out for steak, I usually prefer a bit more of a high-class place just because I like to get dressed up when we do a date night. However, even though most of the patrons in the restaurant were the traditional casino-goers (old men in Hawaiian shirts accompanied by grannies in polyester that smell heavily of tobacco smoke and bengay) and the decor was a little worn with the typical tacky casino carpeting and gaudy art on the walls I still thought it wasn't too bad of a place as far as the ambiance. We enjoyed the piano player and singer - she was amazing - but I do wish that they didn't have a speaker since it makes the music a bit too loud for comfortable conversation. But maybe they do that to cover up the ding-ding-ding from the slot machines that are just steps outside the door...
4	I visited for Jazz Brunch last Sunday, and will definitely be back!Most everything was incredibly fresh and flavorful.  The only less than perfect items were the bacon and sausage.  Pretty much tasteless.  But - the Italian sausage with peppers and onions in red sauce made up for that, IMHO.I barely touched any of the salad fixings - but they were well presented and looked super-fresh.Made to order omelettes and a prime rib carving station are expected staples at brunches - and Verona does them well.My super exciting suprise finds:  rum balls and Bailey's creme stuffed French Toast.  For a girl who doesn't do well with dairy, I decided it would be worth the price I'd be paying later.  I was right! :)The chocolate dipped strawberries were among the best I've had.As usual, I ate way too much.  Just a couple bites of this and a taste of that add up way too fast and make 2 big plates of food!  Eeek!Definitely a good brunch, whether you're a gambler or not.And to make it better, note that Happy Hour is ALL DAY Sunday in the casino.  Half price on well, house wine and beer. Bloody Mary was $3.10 at the bar, $6.20 ordered at the table.  Get there early and get your drink on!The jazz duo (vocals and piano) was well suited for the room.  Non invasive and the singer had a nice Diana Krall thing going for her.I know it was a nice brunch, because five days later, I'm still happy about it and I lost way more money than I planned on in the casino after we ate. :)
4	Visited here for the first time, yesterday for Brunch. Everything was fresh and fabulous! I like how they didn't spread themselves too thin and offer too many dishes, which usually compromises on quality and taste. There were 4 stations - 1) the salad bar, cheese & meats, incredible grilled veggies and shrimp cocktail - 2) omelette bar (which I didn't try but my husband loved it) 3): scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage (which were delicious), garlic home fries (again terrific!) french toast stuffed with cannoli filling(yum!)-followed by a pancetta mac & cheese, an asian chicken dish and prime rib. I usually don't enjoy "buffet" style prime rib but Verona's was very flavorful and enjoyable. 4) Desert - I was actually disappointed by the selections, considering I LOVE chocolate- chocolate was only used as a decorative element. The mini cannoli were really good, however the shells were a bit stale and not as fresh as I usually like them.The staff was very attentive and had a great eye for detail. There was always someone refilling dishes or tidying things up. The food was surprisingly very good and fresh and we plan on going back.The only downside is if you are not a smoker, just walking through the casino to get to and from Verona's - my clothes and my hair had that horrible "casino aroma" of cigarette smoke. Luckily, Verona Chophouse is smoke-free and did not have such a smell.
3	The Better Half and I had dinner here recently.  We were excited to give it a try.  We ordered:Fried Ravioli, $8http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=Cb5qWTxGOT-CTNHRd_Cuowhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=8SLMGwC5pH0GiMsjM-pT9wSalad, $3http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=jhtp-tVJy5UzPsx55WUs2QOnion Soup, $3http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=5Dyslao6BSIQ0VxV1_Z9pQRigatoni Al Forno (Italian Sausage, Mushrooms, Peppers, Red Onions, $16)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=US3FGoiG1caGrHhaFRgZTwFilet, $24http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=ajrFcMCfbTBkt_A-qPCoHQSide of Spaghetti, $3http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=Q7bhq4rZOvCuZuvQdHrcPwCheesecake, $4http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=u4L7008Zsgwss-u8uvih9wThe Fried Ravioli was just OK.  It was very oily and was a little bland.  Not what I expected from this dish....looked a little undercooked or the fryer's temperature was too low.The Salad and Onion Soup was pretty good.  Onion Soup was full of flavor.I had the Filet and thought it was a little tough....the flavor was good, but the Filet was not tender like I'm use to.  The Better Half had the Rigatoni and gave me a little to sample.  It was just OK too....the Sausage tasted more like a Kielbasa rather than an Italian Sausage....not what I expected.  The side of Spaghetti was decent, but again nothing spectacular.The Cheesecake was very good....nice and fluffy.The service was a little spotty.  Our server disappeared for long stretches....which was odd because there were only 3 tables in the entire restaurant with people dining.....what he was doing was beyond me.Overall, it was an average experience.  Not what we were expecting from a joint like this.  Maybe we caught them on a bad day?Return Factor - 40%
1	Been here a total of 3 times now.  As they say, three strikes and you're out!  Verona Chophouse is definitely OUT after my third visit for dinner last night!  I'm sad to say that, but 2 bad visits of 3 visits ends in NO WAY will I return again.  So, as a frequent visitor to Lone Butte Casino and Wild Horse Pass, they are kind enough to give me perks to come back to the casino (imagine that!).  One of the perks I get each month is $100 or so to spend on restaurants/food in the casino.  So, my fiancee and I decided to head out to Verona Chophouse a few different times, which I'll summarize here with the approx dates and experience we had on the 3 visits.  1st visit - Went for dinner.  Food was so-so.  Service was horrible (soooo slow) and atmosphere was nothing to comment on.2nd visit - June 2011  Food was REALLY good.  Had the filet mignon and my fiancee had the chicken parm.  Both were tasty.  The filet was juicy and soooo tender.  Chicken parm was a large portion and delicious.  Service was better than 1st visit (not spectacular, but not bad...) and we were given new hope that this could be a great place for us to eat, near home.  Also, there was a piano player and a singer there for a great ambience.3rd visit - Aug 2011  Went at 6PM and asked for a table for two.  Was told by the hostess that there was a 20 min wait.  No problem.  More gambling!  We came back 20 min later and were quickly seated, with the hostess telling us the waitress was REALLY busy delivering some food and other things and would be a few min.  About 5 minutes later, while reviewing the menu, the water/buser guy comes by to ask what we want to drink and tells us the waitress is delayed and very busy.  Next up the manager comes by to tell us the same thing.  Um, now we are getting worried and looking around to discover how there was a 20 min wait when the place is empty??!  There were a total of 8 tables with customers and the rest empty.  We chalked it up to it must be they don't have enough servers.  We finally meet our poor waitress.  She was a bit on edge and stressed and I kinda felt bad for her.  At a few times I actually saw her RUNNING through the restaurant to get to the back and run a credit card, pick up food, etc.  So, we ordered fried mozzarella and crab stuffed mushrooms as appetizers.  I ordered the filet again because the 2nd visit here it was so yummy!  My fiancee ordered penne pasta with chicken and broccoli, but asked for no broccoli.  We wait about 10 min and then our waitress comes by to ask if we want our salads first because the mushrooms take longer to cook.  We said that's fine and so shortly after that, we got our salads (I had the house salad, fiancee had the ceasar).  Both salads were pretty tasty and probably the best part of the meal.  Appetizers come out 10-15 min later.  The mushrooms were not fully cooked and were nothing special.  I really think they were frozen pre-bought from Costco that they baked in the oven.  My fiancee said the fried mozzarella tasted like fish, but I didn't taste any, so not sure.  Maybe they used a fish fryer for them?  Waiting..waiting...waiting for food.  Meanwhile, another table of 2 gets seated in our waitresses section.  She keeps walking by to serve them and telling us that it will be just a little longer as they are waiting on the filet.  About 10 min later (now about an hour into dinner...way too long for this dead place!) our food entrees arrive.  Looks like my fiancees meal is the wrong order and she confirms it is!  She did admit it was her own error and she put in the wrong order.  So now he's left returning his entree to wait another 10+ minutes for the correct entree.  Meanwhile, I'm anxiously awaiting my first bit of filet.  Blech.  It was overcharred on one side (which the chef hid by placing that side on the plate so you couldn't see it!) and had no flavor.  The broccolini was cold and what were supposed to be potato fingerlings appeared to be rocks.  Seriously.  Now she brings out the correct entree for my fiancee.  We know that the check is going to take 30 min for her to produce, given our experience thus far, so we ask for the check and tell her we are using the casino vouchers I get, as a perk.  She comes back about 10 min later and says she needs to check on something with the vouchers and should just be a minute.  10 more min later the manager (who was doing NOTHING but yelling at everyone during this whole dining experience...shouldn't she be running food and actually helping them??!!) came by to see if we needed anything.  Luckily, we didn't answer what we wanted to say!!  Told her we needed the vouchers done so we could leave.  Said it will be just another min.  The waitress returns 3-4 min later and says we're good to go.  THANK GAWD!! So, third time was not a charm and neither is Verona Chophouse.  Even if it's FREE (like our meal was) it's not worth the time or effort!  Keep gambling but don't eat here.
5	Reviewing the Sunday Brunch. It was truly excellent. My friend and I had reservations but we were about 10 minutes late because the 202 was shut down. We were seated without any problems though. Roomy table for two. Usually those are small but not here! Pleasing decor and comfy chairs, which means lingering over your brunch is a delight. There was not a single mediocre thing that I tasted. Shrimp cocktail, prime rib, salmon, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, tuxedo french toast, potatoes were all delicious. I didn't take advantage of the omelet station because I was too full. I also bypassed dessert in favor of another helping of their scrumptious salmon. My friend sampled the dessert and while there was a lack of chocolate, she loved the mini-cannolis and raspberry cake they had. I can't wait to go back and see what other things they have to offer. Due to food issues, I had to skip the salad bar but it looked fresh and plentiful. Honestly, even if I didn't have problems with the leafy greens, this would be the place I'd skip it anyway in favor of their other dishes. To me this was well worth the $19.99 cost.
5	= = = = = =  SUNDAY BRUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Wow, I can't believe it took me almost 2 1/2 years to get back to this terrific Sunday Buffet!  It's expensive ($20), but there's no excuse to take that long between visits to this great place!  As last time, I got together with Mike C. to enjoy it, & this time Robyn N. & Arlin B. joined us.  Just as before, all the food treats from the big shrimp to the tender Prime Rib were absolutely terrific, so if you enjoy a great Buffet, don't miss coming here now & then.  It runs full every week, so make reservations a week or more in advance (520-796-8952), & get ready to love it!     :-))
5	This review is for the Sunday Jazz Brunch Buffet.  This past Sunday I got together with Mike C, Rand H and Arlin B for this wonderful brunch.  Technically I'd give this review 4.5 stars - if you are a small party (less than 8) they try and seat you in one of those half oval booths.  It would be nice and comfortable for a sit down meal, but makes getting in and out for a buffet a little more difficult.  Fortunately they were able to accommodate us with a small table.  The Sun buffet brunch is reasonably priced at $19.99 and includes coffee, tea and soft drinks.  Orange juice is $2 extra and mimosa's are $5.  But don't let that stop you from coming here for the food.They have a nice selection of italian deli meats, cheeses, roasted veggies and more items for salad.  The roasted veggies were really good and a nice touch from raw and/or overcooked veggies you find other places.  Compared to other brunch buffets the selections aren't as many, but I think the quality is far above the rest.  The star of the meal was the prime rib; and not just a tiny thin slice, they will slice it nice and thick at your request.  They offer a creamy horseradish sauce with it, but it needed more horseradish as it tasted mostly like sour cream.  The scalloped potatoes were fantastic and the peas with pearl onions and bacon rounded out the plate.  Delicious!!  The have an omelet station but after the prime rib, that would have been overkill.  A small selection of okay desserts rounded out the meal. The room is dark wood, just as you might expect in a steak house - and they have a lovely outside seating area as well.  I think if it were 5-10 degrees warmer, I would much rather have sat outside.I love the jazz duet, they weren't too loud and it was a nice accompaniment to our meal.I'm definitely looking forward to coming back here again!
4	I came here from brunch yesterday with Sarah H and was delightfully surprised.  I knew it wouldn't be as good as Talking Stick, but it comes close.  (And it's cheaper!)I enjoyed more than my fair share of shrimp cocktail, an omelet filled with crab, a couple slices of prime rib, chicken with mole, poached salmon and then there were desserts...  Lemon cake, chocolate covered strawberries, pumpkin cheesecake and sugar cookies.  All this for only $20!
4	So the BF was going to take me out to celebrate my new job (yay!), but forgot one tiny detail....where we were going..... nice. So now it's 7 o clock on a Friday night and we have no reservations and everywhere we call has at least an hour wait....So I take over this situation and used Yelp power to find this place, which was lucky because they had open reservations and were very good. The people who work here really know what they are doing. They are both friendly and professional. Our waiter Vinnie was great, he made very good suggestions when asked for them and was attentive. Additionally, their prices are extremely reasonable for the type of food offered and the restaurant has a nice atmosphere...very romantic (despite being in a casino). They make all of their pasta in house which is great, but it's kind of weird because they have a lady locked in a little red box with full length windows so you can watch her make pasta. I don't know how happy that would make me....but it is cool to see. Anyway, off of my tangent, we started with soup and salad (it comes with the meal) and they were good. I had the minestrone and, at first, I didn't like it because it was a bit thin, but after a few bites it was really good! The BF had the caesar salad with dressing on the side (he can't eat caesar dressing, but I can!) and it too was tasty. For mains, I had the filet (at Vinnie's recommendation) and it was really good. It is a filet on top of a 'risotto cake' aka fried cheesy goodness with spinach, mushrooms, and a balsamic glaze on it. I ordered the filet medium well because I am a crazy person about rare meat, but this kitchen sure knows how to cook a steak. It almost fell apart...so tender, not chewy at all, and had a lot of flavor. The BF got the porterhouse and it was good (but mine was better). I don't think he would order it again, only because other things on the menu are better, although It did come with the most buttery and tasty fingerling potatoes... really tasty. Again at Vinnie's recommendation (I'm glad he put up with me....), we got the ricotta cheesecake for dessert along with coffee. It was 4$ (for real?!?!) and it was soooo goood. It was creamy and sweet without being overly sweet. It had chocolate and caramel on it with raspberry (?) sauce underneath, fresh berries on the side, and a perfect quenelle (I totally had to look up that spelling... teehee) of whipped cream....and not just like redi-whip or something, but a thick, home made (tasting at least) whipped cream. Ready for the most surprising part? All of this food was 58$! That is crazy for the amount of steak we had. I would definitely come back here (maybe next time I'll try the lamb...mmmm).
4	My husband and I come here for sunday brunch it is fantastic ..We will always take visitors here, we even enjoyed it for Easter Sunday , Service is wonderful plus u get to listen to Jazz the only thing is the jazz band (2 of thm) take way too many breaks we would like it if they stayed on set longer.
3	good waitress, but the food was definitely average.....and very limited sides with meal....on the other hand , very reasonable prices, and very nice attractive casino.
5	LOVE IT! One of the best breakfast buffets I have been to. The jazz band is so unique that it makes it better than some of the Vegas buffet experiences.  Unlike Vegas you don't have ro stand in a 45 minute line to get a seat. When I came we were immediately seated. We ate our meal inside and enjoyed the band. Since it was a beautiful day, we had our deseert in their outside area. Really enjoyed my visit. If you are a fan of hot tea, they have a large selection of teas. They will bring you the tray so you can choose any one you want.
3	After two meals at Verona, my verdict is not good. The first meal included a sumtuous soup of basil, cream, rice and chicken, it was a home run. The caesar salad was way above average, and although the pasta under the Chicken Parm was so over cooked it was inedible, the chicken itself was great. On that visit almost all the food was great, but the service was amaturish at best. My server was nice, but had no idea how to deliver a fine dining experience, from steps of service, verbage, and timing it was all just so much less then I expected it to be.Based on the teriffic food I decided to go back for what seemed like well priced steaks, the awsome cibata bread and butter, and that great Caeser salad. The Basil chicken soup wasnt available so I opted for the Ministroni soup, This soup was flavorless and almost raw. The pasta, carrots, and beans were under cooked and the broth was clear. The soup only tasted like the fistfull of fresh basil that was on top. Two bites into my Ceasear salad I had to pull a fine blond hair from my mouth, and the love affair with this salad was over. Then the steak, it a was huge Porterhouse that was requested medium yet served med-rare it could have used a few extra minutes on the grill and not served at the same time as my salad. For the most part the steak was tender, but had an odd flavor, kinda like an old peice of meat, not like aged beef, which I doubt it was based on the price. Being under cooked and the odd flavor the steak wasnt as enjoyable as I hoped.The service was ok this time around, but nobody goes to a Chop House for OK service.Although the manager offered to buy me dessert because of the hair in the salad, I paid for that caesar salad I didnt eat, and that hair remained on my bread plate til I left.I like Lone Butte and I had a lucky visit to the casino, so my odds on returning to Verona are likely. It's gonna be a roll of the dice to see if they double down with both taste and service next time.
4	Dined at Verona for my anniversary it was splendid. Wait staff was ample, food was excellent.  They gave us a very nice desert.  We'll be back.
5	Ive been twice now and keep forgetting to add my two cents.  Had fairly low expectations as you don't hear much about Verona Chophouse and I've lived in the area for about 20 years.  I am always leery about "upscale" casino restaurants as most are really hit and miss - especially those in Vegas with celebrity chefs' names attached to them.  Our first trip was well beyond our expectations, starting with a salad that appeared to be plucked from someone's garden to the perfectly cooked and seasoned filet.  The service was perfect, but a little odd in a good way.  We expected a refined and polished server with a side of arrogance, typical for a joint like this and what we got was a "motherly" type woman who was not only attentive and knowledgeable but also caring and went out of her way to make us comfortable with a bit of a dry sense of humor.  What a nice change of pace! Second trip demonstrated that the first wasn't a fluke.  I opted for the Veal Chop and my wife the Filet.  This time the Filet was unimpressive and a little smallish and perhaps overdone, but the Veal Chop was outstanding.  It was huge and so well-prepared that I had a hard time feeling sorry for my wife's sub-standard cut of beef.  Thankfully it was big enough for us to share and we both left satisfied.  The service was again fantastic and we were taken care of by another woman who valued delivering real service and comfort over playing the stereotypical server role.  This trip we noticed the doors to the beautiful outdoor patio were open and a band of some sort was getting ready to play.  Sidenote: We originally chose the Chophouse because Shula's at another casino just a few miles away was booked.  It is really hard for us to find value in Shula's after dining at Verona Chophouse.  Sure Shula's can be great, but by my estimation, you will pay about 30-40% more there and you could still get an average meal and crappy service  AND there is no way in hell Shula's could make a Veal Chop as good as Verona.
4	So I cooked at Thanksgiving and I wasn't about to do it for Christmas.  I wanted to go out and eat, drink, and be merry so we got reservations at Verona Chophouse for 11:15 on Christmas day.   This was our first visit and overall it really was a good experience.  If I'm being honest, my review is more of a 3.5.  They open at 11:00 and we got there around 11:05.  We were about 5th in line to get in.  One drawback was standing in line next to the Fairy's Mist or Bounty or some shit slot machine while Ol Lady Wild Turkey smokes her Kool 100s and waves them around and cackles about the good deals she got in Laughlin.  Good Lord....We were seated right on time.  The selections on the buffet were nice.  Some stand-outs were the prime rib, scalloped potatoes, bacon, and scrambled eggs.  I didn't go near the salad section, but it looked good and fresh from where I stood getting my plate full of bacon and eggs.  For $30 apiece I didn't think it was too bad of a value, but a cheap mimosa thrown in would have been nice.  The only thing that wasn't good on the buffet was the cubed sweet potatoes.  They were only about half cooked and had NO flavor.  A chef-type person kept walking around surveying the scene and I can't believe those sweet potatoes were put out.  Not good at all.  We also didn't use the omelet station, but we sat very close to it and it appeared that the young woman cooking was very friendly and fast and the omelets looked good.  I wasn't going to go near the dessert area, but there were a couple of things I just could not resist.  They had mini cannolis and then some small tartlets with what tasted like a peanut butter mousse.  Delicious!  Their patio area is so lovely and next time I want to be sure to sit out there if weather permits.  Our server was very attentive and friendly too.  There was one snafu I think with some of the staff trying to light one of those heaters outside or something because suddenly there was some screaming and I wondered if I needed to grab my knife and hit the deck, but it was something to do with the heater I think.  I can see what other reviewers say about the servers.  Most appear to be just fine, but I think they could take the professionalism up a notch.  This is a nice place, and they should treat it as such.  Not that they were bad, but those that have been there probably know what I mean.When we walked in we noticed the wine bar area looked really nice.  I think next time we'll try to snag a table in there.  I am optimistic that when we go back we'll have another good experience.
2	I'll just get to the point.Staff, great.  Cleanliness, great.  Food, eh.Calamari was actually the best part.  It appeared to be fresh because it was not over cooked and rubbery. However the bottom pieces were a little mushy from the grease. We had the porterhouse and filet.  They were cooked perfect (medium rare). However they had absolutely no flavor what so ever.  I tried adding salt and that just made it unflavored salty meat. It is hard to imagine and hard to describe that there was no flavor to the meat.The house salad was nice but the Caesar had way too much dressing.Needless to say we will not be going back.
1	I have gone twice and the service was as bad as the first time.  The restaurant on Sunday night had 5 tables and it took forever to get waited on and to get our food.  We ate the whole meal with dirty plates and glasses on the table and my water glass was empty most of the time.  Horrible experience once again
5	This is a hidden gem of Chandler!Hand made pasta. Good service. Super decent prices. Nice patio.I've been here several times and I always leave happy. When you have good food and good service for a great price, nothing can go wrong.I've tried the filet, caesar salad, minestrone soup, mushroom fettucini, spaghetti with meatballs, everything has always been above average. They also have a good wine selection with good pricing.It seems that they use the restaurant to attract gamblers but oh well, so be it.The only down side is that the restaurant is in the back so you have to walk to the casino and get your dose of second hand smoke which the truth being said, is not bad at all.Cheers!PS Just a sad note. By a reason that still beyond my understanding (specially because this rule doesn't apply and Wildhorsepass), kids are not allowed (I believe it's 21 and older)
4	We went there for the first time on Saturday and were very pleased with the service.  We ordered the fillet and a chicken parmesan.  The steak was fantastic, but the chicken parm was a bit overcooked.  Overall a very good experience, good atmosphere and service.  Oh yeah, prices... very reasonable!We'll be back
5	Had a great meal here, the shrimp carbonara pasta is fantastic, shrimp is fresh and pasta is cooked just right. My friend ordered the porterhouse, which is good and of a big size :) Nice environment and warm service.
5	On a whim, ate here last night while waiting to play B.A.D. Bingo (very fun btw). Service was awesome (Deborah) and the food was excellent. We started with the Verona trio appetizer, which had calamari and homemade mozzarella sticks, both excellent, and also bruschetta, olive tapanade and artichoke spread. I'm not a fan of those last two but they weren't expected, so I can't complain.My minestrone soup was very tasty and my BFs salad with pesto balsamic dressing was great.  I then had the filet, medium rare and cooked perfectly, over a crispy risotto cake. BF had salmon with gnocchi and spinach. Portions were large and I have leftover filet to eat the next day.We topped it off with a creme brulee which was perfect. Again, service was wonderful, staff was very friendly, portions were large, food was delicious, price was very reasonable! Oh, to top it off, we signed up for Players Club because I wanted to play 10 minutes on the Wolf slot....and the first spin on a 2 cent machine.....$156.....cashed out and so dinner and B.A.D. Bingo were gratis last night.
1	If I could rate zero stars, I would. This is the first time Yelp has failed us dearly. Awful service (the headchef sat us?), and the menu isn't even close to what is actually served. When we finally got our appetizer, "heirloom tomatoes" really meant hothouse tomatoes. When the soup showed up about 30 minutes later it good, the salad was not. Fast forward another 45 minutes when dinner arrives: what I expected to be something along the lines of chicken scampi arrives as chicken parmesan on a bed of spaghetti and tasted like cardboard smothered in tomato paste. I'm not one to rate low by any means, but both Yelp and Verona failed us this evening. The only thing worth coming for was the wine. I hope Sunday brunch is better, but after this scouting event, chances are I'm not going to find out.
4	Great service. A very relaxed and casual casino steakhouse which was a nice change (I'm used to atlantic city steakhouses where you still have to be dressed up). The dirty martini was strong, but not that tasty. Husband and I both got the porterhouse which we were stuffed from! A little on the fattier side, but for the price, it was totally worth it.Again, not the best steak I've had but best bang for the buck! We would both come again.
3	I'm torn on this one.  The service was great.  The ambiance is nice.  The gal playing keyboard and occasionally singing was enjoyable.  The food was great (bread, salad with yummy basil dressing (no pancetta for me) and a porterhouse steak with fingerling potatoes and asparagus).  Price was reasonable. However, having to walk through the terribly smoky casino to get in and out was HORRIBLE.  I must be allergic to smoke as my throat was not just itchy I could actually feel it swelling up.  My hair and clothes smelled so bad they had to be washed and I needed a shower right afterwards.I will for sure not go back.
1	Incredibly over cooked salmon and steak.  Lucky to get one star.  The high reviews must be a result of the location and drunkenness of the peeps.
1	Never again.Our server had no knowledge of the menu items when we asked questions. She took our drink order and did not come back, we finally flagged her down and asked if we could order and get our drinks because we had a show to be to. She claimed she put our drink order in and that someone else was responsible for bringing them out, not her.We got our appetizers and they were tasty, but we waited and waited and our entrees never arrived. At this point we had been seated for almost 2 hours. We tried to get someones attention but kept being ignored. Finally we spoke to a manager, and the manager informed us that they were extremely busy and that they would not have our entrees ready before we had to leave to make it to the show. They brought our desserts and we quickly ate them before rushing out without dinner...My biggest complaint is that everyone from the server to the manager pointed fingers and made up excuses rather than fixing the problems. Apparently 2 hours isn't long enough to serve dinner to a table of 4.
5	Going to make this quick. Left the house looking for something new. Jen wanted a burger. We drove to the Lone Butte Casino as we had never been. Walked the floor a bit looking around and came across the Verona Chophouse. Dark and brown with a quiet rustic feel. If it wasnt for the soft ringing of slot machines they probably could have charged double. We sat in the bar at the only table. A four seated high top surrounded by 8 glass chilling cabinets for wine. It was pretty cool actually and for not having reservations it was actually a better table than with the masses of blue hairs in the main dining room, lol. Although they did have a jazz trio playing mellow tunes that we could hear but not see out there. To the food. Pretty simple menu. But oh so lovely. Jen order the Veal Chop and I the Filet. Check out the pic. Jen's was the size of her fist. My filet was slightly smaller but I still was grateful that I had taken my belt off in the car, lol. (No joke)  No dessert or appetizer necessary we were stuffed. We sampled each other's dinner and OMG, both cooked perfectly and tender oh so tender. Regardless if you like to gamble, come here to eat. Our meals with salad, bread, and drinks,........only $75!  Food was 5 star restaurant worthy. I will definitely come back and rave about it to my friends.
4	Ok, I have to hand it to Verona.  I said I would NEVER go back to this place after I went there several times in 2011 and it was awful service and food.  However, it appears they DID make some significant changes that cause me to update and upgrade my review since the last one (1 star on 8/15/11).  Plus, my friend had said that the place was pretty good now and convinced me to give it another try.   Had dinner here last night with a girlfriend and we sat at the bar.  Ordered a great bottle of pinot noir and then ordered dinner.  We both started with the house salad - delicious.  Goat cheese, greens and a great dressing that was light.  I had the chicken parmesan and she had the filet.  Both were amazing!!  The filet was huge and melted in your mouth.  The chicken parmesan was also a big serving but YUMMMMY!  The best part is we were able to use mostly comps to pay for it all, making it even better - FREE.  Nicely done, Verona.  I will be back.
5	Looked online to find something new to try and came up with Verona Chophouse.  The front desk does take reservations so I figured since it was a Friday night I would go ahead and make one.  Upon arriving the restaurant was not busy at all, so reservations were not necessary but it's a good option to have just in case.  We were seated immediately.  The hostess tried to give us a table with chairs and I asked if we could have one of those big white comfy-looking booths instead so she obliged.  Within 3 minutes someone arrived with water and hot bread and butter.  As we were looking at the menu and perusing the wine list, the waiter appeared and helped us with our drink order.  They did not have the wine I selected off the wine list, so I opted for the house Cabernet...which was really good!The bread and butter were a perfect start.  The bread was delicious and the butter was whipped and soft, not that butter in the gold packets that  is cold.  Once I had that, I knew that the rest of the dinner was going to be great.  I ordered the garlic roasted chicken, which comes on whipped garlic potatoes with an au jus gravy and cippolini onions.  YUM...It was sooooo tasty. I loved every minute of it. Great flavor and perfect sized portions.  The dinner also came with a choice of soup or salad.  For the soup they had Manhattan style clam chowder.  It was good but I think I still prefer the New England style.  The salad had big chunks of bacon with blue cheese crumbles.  Comes with a vinaigrette but I opted for ranch instead.  I was very satisfied with the quality of food. Part of me worried that the food may still be "casino style"....but it really was nothing like that.  I actually thought it was better than some of the steak houses around Chandler that aren't in casinos. Pricing was a bit above average...but $42 for everything still wasn't that bad, and that included the wine. Service was great...it did seem to take longer than normal to get our entree, but the wine and the bread, soup and salad kept us busy and allowed for conversation between plates.  I had read all the reviews here before I even went to this restaurant, but I'm glad I didn't listen to the bad reviews and not go. I will definitely go back again. This is a great place to celebrate for an adult dinner, a romantic date, an anniversary, or just to go out with friends or family.  Our waiter was Thomas and he did a great job.  Thanks Verona Chophouse!
5	We had a wonderful 1st experience tonight, thanks to Daniel, our server, and Ashley, dining room manager...both of whom were very helpful and attentive.  The kitchen backed them up with excellent food and desserts.  We didn't have any pre-conceived notions or expectations but found this restaurant inside Lone Butte Casino to be worthy of our repeat business.  I had the parmesan crusted chicken and my wife had the short ribs, both were prepared and presented perfectly.  The creme brulee and chocolate cake were also amazing finishes to our dining experience.
5	Just finished an amazing anniversary dinner. Braised beef was amazing. My wife had the porterhouse and loved it.  When you go ask to seated in Heather's section. She is the most friendly and best waitress I have ever had!!
