5	Everything in this dollar store is really a dollar. It comes in very handy for every day things. They have name brand cleaning supplies that i buy often. Also, they have lighters for candles, wrapping paper, gift bags, and even stuff for wedding decorations. Sometimes, it's a hit or miss thing, they sell name brand plates, bowls and cups. If you need something cheap come here!
5	Has everything a dollar store usually has. This one is larger than most I've been to on the east coast. Much more clean and organized than the ones I've been to on east coast. I think I may have actually been at the Sun City location.
5	A good variety of merchandise and all for the bargain price of a dollar. I find myself coming here more and more recently for all sorts of stuff.Great, especially when you don't wanna splurge on things like cough drops, toiletries, greeting cards and batteries. Gotta check 'good by' dates obviously and usually have no hassles. Staff is always courteous and helpful.These stores are increasingly popular with people not just from the middle class.Best bang for the buck for a savvy buyer. I also shop at this location because of proximity
5	They have a good selection of merchandise including brand name items, too. I love coming to this location because the sales associate, Julissa always greets me with a smile and is willing to help when I can't find an item.  She consistently promotes the store's weekly sales items and surveys. She is the reason I continue to shop at this location.
4	Great variety and always a great price...and staff is the best... always very helpful and always smiling. .. Thank you so very much...
5	I wanted to stop into this dollar tree to get some snacks for our timeshare. It was very organized and clean! Everyone was very friendly and professional. This is definitely a location I would shop at again if I came back out here.
1	Unfortunately, associate forgot to pack an item that I purchased.  I called a few minutes after leaving the store and spoke to Cindy.  Cindy told me I would have to come back in.  I asked if someone could just bring it out to my car when I drove up.  She responded with "We don't provide roadside service.  If you want your candy bar you are going to have to come in and get it."  Then added that if I wanted the "calories bad enough I was going to have to come back in and get them."  I said "excuse me" in a firm voice, and she hung up on me.  I tried to call back three times and two of those times there was no answer, she just hung up.  I assume it was Cindy because the third time I called she said her name and when I asked to speak to a manager, she hung up.  The fourth time I called back a loud ring/buzz sound was given in my ear and then I was hung up on again.  I called back and the phone was left off the hook.  I tried to call back several times, but my phone call could not get through.  Long story short, I contacted corporate to report her.  I am not going back into a store where I am shamed for asking for a product that I have already paid for.  There would have been no problem had she just said I am sorry the inconvenience we cannot leave the store.  If you come in we would be happy to give you the product you PAID for.  Instead she made negative connotations about me being lazy and overweight.  Not a very good representation.
