5	Personable service, rarely a wait, reasonable prices and a good selection of OPI colors.I refer this business to my friends and family.
5	There's never a wait here and the lady who works here is sweet as can be. Her daughter is gracious and helpful as well. They're both thorough but fast. Good selection of OPI colors - overheard the daughter say she goes on pinterest to keep up on nail trends, which is great to hear. Waxing is fast and good too. I always get my eyebrows done here.
5	LOVE this nail salon! It's called Number 1 Nails for a reason. The color selection is large, which is always a plus for me. The salon is clean (which personally for me says a lot about a store), the service is fast so there's no wait, and my nails are always glowing and beautiful after the manicure/pedicure. I adore the lady who runs this nail salon --- she makes my visit very pleasant every time. Not only do I recommend this gem of a nail salon for it's nail service, I refer it for waxing also. I only get waxed here now (upper lip & eyebrows) and you really can't beat the price.
5	I've been going to this small, family-owned and operated nail salon for at least two years, and I really love it!  The salon is clean and conveniently located. They have lots of polish colors to choose from, and the prices are very reasonable.  They even have Sunday hours (yea!)  Most importantly, the owner and her daughter are really personable and do a fantastic job!  Nerissa (the owner) does amazing free-hand nail art too.
5	I live in the neighborhood and have visited both of the other options close by, but the quality here was the best. My toenails look fantastic and the owner did them exactly like I asked. I will be back!
5	Rarely a wait which works well for me.  Why does any woman want to sit and wait for a mani or pedi?  Lady here is efficient, personable, and very hard working.
5	This place is absolutely amazing! The owner is so nice, she even talked sports with my boyfriend! She really takes care of her customers! Definitely will be coming back!!!
5	Just want to thank Jeniza nails for not welcoming a walk-in which lead me to this spot. Nerissa just want to say thank you for...*being gracious and non judgmental-It had been awhile for my toes, I think  I was 1 toe away from looking like monkey paws!*being quick without the quality suffering and reasonably priced.*doing such a fantastic job on my mani\pedi...I think I lossed  5lbs in nails lol!*the pleasant conversation...you're awesome...see you next time I'm in town.
3	I stopped in today on my lunch break and I was the only customer, which was okay for me because I was pressed for time. This was my first visit, giving it a try because the yelps reviews seemed legit. It wasn't the greatest pedicure, but not bad either. The polish job was nice and detailed, and the gal working was pleasant as well. I enjoyed the massage chair and they had a good selection of colors to pick from. I am constantly wearing sandals and high heel shoes, so my heels can get a little rough. I wish they had done a better job at smoothing calluses (omg, writing that sounds like I have monster feet, and I don't, but you ladies know what I'm getting at :) like I have experienced at other places. I didn't see it listed on their service menu, so maybe they just don't do it. I also wish I had been offered nail art, as I saw a great selection on my way out.
5	Great place and good prices.  Normally I have to wait as a walk in on a Saturday but not here!  They were very friendly and even patiently put up with my friends bickering.  Highly recommended.
1	Came here based on the reviews. Very deceiving. Very limited polish selection. The girl I saw was rough and cut my foot and acted as though it was my fault. Uneven nails. Horrible. Not worth driving out of the way of my hotel for this place.
2	Rushed. Under staffed. Pedicure looks decent. Manicure not worth the money. Disappointed.
5	Started going to this little shop in my area! I very pleased with the work! They are fast if you need out quick! I'm very hard in my nails and work with my hands in water alot! Worth a try, price is right!
1	This is a horrible place for nail service, went today for pedi and a gel Mani. Can't believe I actually paid them.  The  lady worked on me and another lady at the same time!  NEVER again...
