2	My husband tans here regularly because they seem to have better beds than some salons, however the service is very inconsistent.  My husband has driven to the location at opening time and on a few occasions the person opening shows up 15+ minutes late.  Pretty unprofessional, huh? They should considering hiring a more reliable person to open the store.  The lady that showed up late, does however arrive with a cup of hot coffee.  She should probably consider skipping the coffee to arrive on time.
5	Best tanning salon I've been to! Very pleased with service and products!
2	I tried this place out yesterday. Friendly staff, pretty clean and well maintained. But I went for the Mystic tan. They had promotional offers on this : 3/$24 on Groupon and $5 for 1 on their website. But when I went there, they said that it "doesn't include the color"!!?? I read all the fine print, no where does it mention this. Seems like a pretty important part.  Like a coupon for an ice cream cone that doesn't include the ice cream. So keep in mind that whatever price they advertise  for Mystic add an extra $5-10 for EACH tan for color. Not a great business practice to hide that. Really tends to turn off the consumer.
1	My boyfriend and I both had memberships for unlimited tanning.  On many occasions they would open late.  On a few occasions they closed and hour early.  If you showed up 20 minutes to close they wouldn't let you tan.  They are closed for every holiday.  Some of the women who work there have bad attitudes.  I gave them my thirty days notice to cancel my membership.  They still drafted my account the following due date after the thirty days.  This put my account into overdraft causing the bank to deny  another transaction that caused real havoc with my bank account.  When I called the corporate office, the woman was real snotty, talking over me, exacerbating my anger.
1	Absolutely horrible.  Went to the first location at Tatum and Cave Creek.  Told her I needed spray tan.  She let me fill out paperwork while she chatted away on her phone and then told me the one sprayer they had was down. Not sure why she didn't tell me at first.  Then sent me to the location a mile away. Got to the next location and my information wasn't entered correctly from the first so she had to find someone else to fix it.  Then after paying, and 30 minutes of trying, found their sprayer was broken too. They told me I'd have to wait 2-3 days and then call back to speak with a manager about getting a refund for the services I never received. You take an hour of my life and my money and won't even refund it when you can't provide the service? Horrible. Bunch of kids running the place with a manager who has no idea what customer service is about.
1	Absolutely horrible service, I went to the location on Tatum and Cave Creek,  the girl couldn't find my name in the system, after about 10 minutes, she looked at these sheets of names on the desk and found my name on the sheet, I had purchased my spray tans when it was Diva Tanning and that's why i wasn't on the system.  She said her manager would have to look at transferring  my spray tans to the new system so If I wanted a spray tan today, I would need to pay for it, she looked and looked and told me it would be 5.00, I thought that was a great price so she ran my credit card, she then couldn't find the mystic tan on the computer, after about another 10 minutes, she said she found it under a different name, then asked me how many minutes I wanted, anywhere from 11 to 45 minutes?  i can't imagine standing in a mystic tan booth for 45 minutes??  she then asked me what level I wanted and went though more confusing questions, I said I wanted level 2 and she said that would be another 7.00, then she said she found the mystic tan in the system and it was 21.00, I was not going to pay 21.00 for 1 spray tan, I told her I would pay the additional 7.00 but before I paid the additional amount, I wanted to make sure the spray tanning machine was working, I did not have a good feeling about this and my gut feeling was correct, she went through every level on the system and it told her every level of tanning spray was out of stock.  She went to the back to try to turn on the machine but she said it didn't work.  She wanted me to go to the other location on Lone Mountain to see if I could get a spray tan there.  By this time, I wasted 45 minutes of my life and just wanted her to credit my 5.00 back, she said she couldn't do that, she said to come back at another time to see if I can get my 5.00 back, she said she didn't think that would be a problem and wouldn't know why it would be a problem?  I said it won't be a problem because you will give me my refund, I don't care if it was 1.00, I was going to get my refund.  The girl was clueless and showed no empathy at all.  Avoid this place, it's not worth the hassle and it will be a complete waste of time and money!
1	Will never go back! I had a similar experience as the other reviewer Brian A. The location at Tatum and Cave creek was recently bought and became affiliated with Celebrity Tanning and I had bought multiple spray tans a few months prior. When I went to the location at Tatum and Cave creek, I said I wanted a spray tan. She proceeded to tell me how many people weren't transferred over from the previous owner so she has no way of knowing if I have tans or not but will have someone call me. I was expecting this to be a quick in and out but now I'm filling in a form to be entered in the computer, am worried I've lost money if they don't find my tans. Then after all of that she says the machine is broken right when I think we are done and I can tan! She sends me up the road to the celebrity tan where it got worse.  It is more expensive than it ever was before. Frustrated to buy a tan when I already have some, been given the run around, I'm not in the computer and they can't call a manager about my tans. Kids running the place that have no idea about making something right with a customer. Left there leaving my phone number for the mgr to call me about my tans. They never called. I called them and they said they found I have 3 tans when I had 7. Went to use one and they have a new machine ( tatum location) and it turned me orange. Previous machine never did that. They can keep my two remaining tans that would just  make me orange. Don't give a company like this your business unless they start treating customers as they should and train and empower the kids that work there to help customers.
3	I decided to give this place another try.it is still inconsistent but I have had some good service and have had days where the computer is down and they aren't empowered to help the customer. Overall giving it a better rating and hopefully they continue to improve.
1	Their customer service pales by comparison! I was one of the original customers at the Tatum/Cave Creek location (formerly Diva Tanning) and stayed with Celebrity when they bought it last year. As a monthly subscriber, I spend nearly $1,000 a year (12 x $80/month) on tanning services. My wallet was lost over the holidays and Visa had to send me a new card. I brought it in to (manager) Nicole to update my account as soon as I received it, explained why I had to change the card number and was told 'Too late! We already tried to bill you for your monthly fee and had to charge you a $5 fee because your card would not go through.' Really? I spend nearly $1,000 a year there and you are going to lose my business for $5? I guess so. This Celebrity Tanning experience has moved to the top of my list of horrible (and incredibly short-sighted) customer service experiences ... which is a shame, as it was otherwise an okay place to tan.
5	I have been a member here for 3 months and I love it! The membership rate is very reasonable (especially for unlimited tanning). Their bulbs are frequently changed and the beds and facility are always clean. Their customer service is outstanding too; on several occasions the manager has allowed me to try different lotions and beds to see what suits my needs best, without any obligation. I would definitely recommend Celebrity Tanning in Cave Creek!
