5	Dr. Sauter and his staff are always very caring and helpful. Dr. Sauter is a very easy going doctor. He is a good listener and is willing to work out things for his patients. He answered all my questions with patience and understanding. He is also a great coach during labor and delivery, not to mention it was 2 am in the morning! I never need to worry about my bill, the office staff took good care of that with my insurance. The office has wifi, which makes waiting very tolerable, but the wait is usually not bad at all. I highly recommend Dr. Sauter to any pregnant lady out there.
1	Awful office!! I just moved to Vegas and was recommended by urgent care to see the doctor. I explained to the receptionist how I was really ill and the best she could offer me for an appointment was a month out and only with the nurse practitioner. She said she would ask the nurses if they would get me in earlier. It took over a day for them to call back and their response was no!!! Forget this office!
5	Dr. Sauter is awesome, and that is why you may have trouble getting in to see him. When we found out my son was gone before delivery, our world was destroyed. We found out after going to the hospital when my wife had not felt him move for a while. Dr. Turner was on duty there, and all she could say while looking at the ultrasound was, "I should be seeing something here."  She is part of a practice we left because we wanted a midwife instead, and she seemed glad that he was gone. My midwife called Dr. Sauter, and he came right away late at night. We were not his patients, but that did not cause any hesitation on his part. He tried to help us deliver naturally, but there were cord complications, so he delivered our son by c section.  He was a so kind and capable when we needed him. If you want a doctor to deliver your baby, get him if you can.
5	Dr. Sauter is great. He never pushed any interventions on me as a patient and was very accepting of my birth plan as well as supportive to the fact I wanted a natural unmedicated low intervention childbirth. Unfortunately he wasn't available to deliver my baby when I did go into labor but his partner was. I definitely would recommend him as an OB.
1	It took 7 weeks to get an appointment with Dr Sauter.  I had some stuff going on physically and within the 7 weeks things became worse, but I had an appoointment for today at 11am and figured I will be able to discuss what has been going on.  I got to the appointment at 1030, after 30 seconds they called me to the front desk, that is when I was told that he had an emergency at the hospital. They haven't heard from him so they don't know when he will be here.  You can choose to wait but we don't know when he is coming or if you will be seen, or you can reschedule but we have no appointments in the near future you know what it is like.  Yeah I know, I waited 7 weeks, how do you make someone wait another 7 weeks for a resched. How do you not call them either and say the doctor had an emergency???  Listen, I am from New York and went to an OBGYN on Park Avenue who was not in a practice with partners and of course he had deliveries during office hours, the staff would call and say as soon as the doctor arrives he will see patients and we will be here all night until the last one is seen.  If you choose to reschedule we can see you the next day or a day later not months and months especially after already waiting months to get an appointment.I know that if I didn't show up for my appointment I would be charged, if I was late for my appointment I would be told you were late and someone else took your appoint.The office staff did not handle this in the right way especially after I said I have some issues that need to be addressed.  You obviously don't care about patient care.If possible this doesn't even deserve a 1 star no star is more like it
4	I love this office! The entire staff is extremely friendly and always helpful. I was referred by my best friends and do not regret coming at all. I would love to give 5 stars but it is hard to get an appointment with Dr. Sauter. But other than that i love this office.l
2	I love this office and the nurses and staff.. However, Dr S was not as impressive. Every appointment he would not even look at me. Not personal at all. Never informed me I had gestational diabetes and never informed my sister until day of delivery that she had preeclampsia. I defiantly feel I was pushed into getting a c section which is not something I wanted to do originally. Expecting baby number two and I will not return to him which is such a shame because I love the ladies in the office "/
5	Dr. Sauter has been my dr for almost 6 years and i couldn't be happier with my choice.  He's kind, gentle and a fantastic dr.  With my last child I had to have a c-section because he was breech and dr sauter was so patient with all of my questions and worries (I had had 2 natural deliveries before this last one) and the surgery went great and my incision was small and has healed great, which I'm certain has to do with the fact that he's a great surgeon!  Highly recommend him!  Also great great staff!
