3	I like to get my car washed here and they usually have some good specials. What can I really say though, it's a gas station. So why 3 stars?  With no access to a pump credit card or debit card slider, you have to go inside to pay. Not a big deal but for some this might be a problem.
1	Difficult gas station to use; so I'm sure the clerk gets his fair share of people coming inside to ask how to use the pump. However, when I was walking through the door I caught the "oh, not another stupid person" look on his face, when he then went into an exasperated explanation of how use the complex pump. Meanwhile I'm trying to be happy hoping he'll change his attitude, but I needed him to clarify his last instruction which he was NOT happy about. Long story short, this station was properly named: Terrible.(See tip below for further details.)
1	I'm from Ohio and I had a dodge pickup I rented from dollar rent a car and we went here to get gas after going to lake mead heading back to MGM grand and so we pulled into this place and went to a pump and I got out and got my chevron credit card out and started to insert my card till I seen a sign all payments must be made with cashier and so I went inside and told the cashier I need gas on pump 5 and she say ok and she said its ready and come back for a reciept and so I went back outside and I picked up the regular gas pump nozzle and it wouldn't pump no gas and so I went back and she said she activated pump 5 supreme and I said no I only wanted regular and she said oh you have to get the pump number on top of the regular pump and so I said well that's a little odd and wield and she states its just because we have older pumps and I said I'll just go down the street to a different station and told her to cancel my transaction.BEWARE THEY HAVE 1980's GAS PUMPS THAT DOES NOT HAVE CREDIT CARD MACHINES.
2	Came here again after my last review and we had to get gas for our rental van and so I pulled up to a pump and I went inside and said the the same lady I seen last time if I could get $120 on pump 2 regular and she said its ready and if u need change or/and receipt come back inside and so I went back outside and put the nozzle into my tank and lifted the nozzle holder on the pump and I talked to my family while getting gas in the car and after the pump clicked off at $100.10 i went back Inside for my change and the lady gave my my change and receipt and I ask her if there car wash was ever going to reopen an the lady said yes it's going to reopen in a month and we are going to have new gas pumps and another gas island and I said ok and thank you. This place is now improving. My last review was on this place and I said to stay away. But I will give this place 2 more times.
5	This station is now out of the 80's. New gas pumps with vapor nozzles (like in California)
2	Dysfunctional gas machines. Good price though.
1	Stopped for gas at about 8:50 am on Tuesday. The clerk was extremely rude. He was texting behind the counter and looked at me as if I was waisting his time. He proceeded to text as he charged me for my gas. I really hope he is not the store owner.
