4	I've been to this restaurant 4 times now; all four times for dinner. It's a small, cozy, unimposing place. Service is relatively fast and very friendly - although all the times that I've been, the restaurant was not busy. They have a good selection of fish dishes which I'm a huge fan of. Their burgers are mediocre, but then again, I'm not really a burger person. Their stir-fry is pretty good, be-it on the sweet side, but they definitely don't skimp on veggies or toppings. I highly recommend getting something off their specials board. It's usually full of creative foods that have lots of season ingredients and this, from my experience, usually means a more flavorful meal. Marbles is a solid choice if you're looking for a casual meal with good service under 20/pp.
2	I don't know why people say this place has good service. The food always takes ages to come, e.g. waiting upwards of an hour for a lunchtime salad and soup. The last time I was there I had a salad adorned with recently thawed pre-shredded cheese. Um, no thanks.
2	I ordered pasta and was very disappointed. The cream sauce was lumpy and very heavy; the salad tasted as if it had been sitting in a poorly cooled fridge all day. Considering the place was only half full and I was at  a table by myself, my food took a very long time to arrive.
4	Potato chip pickerel = YUM!!Good service - fast
4	The atmosphere is great, the food is too great and the servers are so nice. Super recommended.
4	Just returned from a work lunch here and had a lovely time.  There was a good variety of lunches available and a the portions were generous.   The service was excellent - there were quite a few work parties at the same time as ours and we were treated to speedy and friendly service.    I had a salad with goat cheese and an incredible apple/raspberry crisp for dessert.Would definitiely go back there.
3	I've been to Marbles a few times now. Their food on the menu is decent. They also have specials listed on the chalkboard which I appreciate since sometimes you want to try something new. What I really like coming to Marbles for is the dessert. Every time I've been here they have had apple crisp prepared with a seasonal twist. I have had the apple strawberry crisp a few times and it is very good. The size is pretty large and perfect for sharing. Not your cup of tea? They also have other tasty looking desserts on the specials board.
3	Remember in the movie Hook when Toodles kept babbling about how he'd lost his marbles? Well this is where they ended up and no unfortunately it's not Never Never Land. Marbles is hidden away just off of King Street in uptown Waterloo in lovely building. It's definitely a place that peaks a person's interest as you drive bay with its old industrial brick architecture and quaint patio out front. Unfortunately the exterior is a lot more appealing than the interior. The interior is nice but could benefit from a few aesthetic improvements but it does feature a plexiglas top bar with, you guessed it, marbles underneath. Service was good with attentive wait-staff that were knowledgeable about both the food and drink menu.Anyways onto the food! The menu offers a nice selection without suffering from being too expensive and includes a decent gluten-free section if that's a concern for you. That being said if you plan on ordering a main expect to pay a little bit above your average restaurant price at around $18. Myself being poor and decided to go with the sandwich/burger part of the menu and as a fan of lamb had the lamb burger which was quite good complimented by goats cheese and a cranberry or raspberry sauce. My companion enjoyed some ratatouille which was not spectacular but had a home cooked feel to it and was still enjoyable. My over-all opinion of the restaurant is that it's a visually appealing place with a cozy vibe and a decent menu. Personally I feel like I'd only come back here for lunch or for a few drinks with a special lady or my mates. Going forward I will try to make use of the patio as much as possible.
