5	Absolutely my favorite show that I've seen at ASU Gammage! A burlesque, acrobatic, musical and magical  comedy that had the audience laughing, cheering, gasping with amazement and even singing along! The crazy King stole the beginning of the show with his delightful humor, the naughty grandma was funny and fabulous swinging in the air, the acrobats were phenomenal and the singing superb! Pippen took us on a wonderful journey & I loved every minute, even the ending that made us misty eyed with a reminder to find the extraordinary in the ordinary moments of everyday life! Prior to the show we received yelptastic swag, vouchers for food and cocktails to use at the snack bar. We exchanged white elephant gifts and cookie recipes. Thank you yelp, Lindsey, and ASU Gammage for a night to remember!
5	I have been to ASU Gammage a few times.  However, this time I couldn't find the main entrance. I was glad to see Rachel and other Yelpers next to the Yelp booth when I finally found the correct entrance. She handed me a Yelp swag bag filled with a PiPPIN gift, other Yelp goodies, and the hot ticket. The fun just started.Lindsey handed us more Yelp swags.  A Yelp earbuds, santa stache bag filled with candy canes, and a cute journal to write cookie recipes. I can't wait to attempt to make them all.  It was time for the white elephant exchange.  There wasn't much fighting for the the gifts exception for Monica J. Boo! =PThe fun fact folder provided by ASU Gammage is always interesting.  You can learn so much about the show and the performers.  They also offered us a $10 voucher for food and drink. ASU Gammage, you Rock!  Who knew circus act - Cirque du Soleil, singing, and smart jokes would make an sensational musical. I guess you might find it in one of PINK's concerts. The aerial circus act, touching storyline, vocals, and performances were perfection! It's no wonder why this musical has been thrilling audiences for 40 years. The performers would come down off of the stage to engage with audiences.There were so many highlights throughout the show. I especially enjoyed the grandma with Pippin scene and all the acrobatics. Sasha Allen as the Leading Player had unbelievable pipes!  She was meant to be on Broadway. I think Christmas really started early for me. Thank you ASU Gammage, Yelp, Lindsey, Rachel for the generous gifts, ticket, and food/drink! Looking forward for the next performance at ASU Gammage!
5	I always think it is an incredible gift when Yelp gets us free tickets to performances around town. Even better when it is at Gammage since that is so close to work it is easy to do on a weeknight. But best of all was that we had our own little pre-show party just for Yelpers. Some drinks and snacks, Yelp swag, and a cookie recipe swap. I stole the lottery ticket from Linda in the white elephant gift exchange hoping to become a millionaire but alas I did not win a cent. Other than that, it was a great night! My hubby and I both really enjoyed the show and it was great to see it with a cool group of Yelp friends.
5	Oh. Mah. God.... What an awesome treat to see this show! I am a broadway fan, but had never seen this play ( and had no idea what it was about). When we arrived, we were greeted with some awesome Yelp and Pippin items, a 10$ credit (which I used for a delish san tan hef), and tickets on the first balcony (which I had never sat on, has a great view, and is better than my usual seats in the nose bleeds). This show was packed with great music, amazing performers, and jaw dropping acrobatics... I even said it was better than cirque du soleil... by far! Thank you so much to Yelp, Lindsey, and Gammage for allowing me to see this fantastic show!
5	I managed to miss the yelp reception and swag bags due to us being insanely late (doctors can choose to see you 1.5 hours late and there's nothing you can do about it!) but thankfully our awesome hostess with the mostess was checking her email and passed off our tickets to will call!...and then our tickets ended up being sat in by other folks so the lovely Gammage ladies got us re-seated quite quickly. Besides all that drama, I have to say this was my most favorite show I've ever seen at Gammage! I was blown away by the performance, the choreography and the insane acrobatics! (Clearly I hadn't fully researched the show as I had NO CLUE what we were in for!  Definitely a top notch performance and as always, you can only love and be grateful for the awesome yelp hookup!
5	I was invited by a friend to attend this event. First I was not sure I should go as I am not a big fan of musical performance but I went anyway and I was glad I did. Wow, Wow, Wow what an amazing show. The acrobat was incredible, it also has magic, the dance, and the act was all so awesome. I was in awe during the whole show. Now I changed my mind how I perceive Broadway shows. Thanks Yelp for a gift bag swag when check-in. Then we has a reception, some brought a gag gift for gift exchange. We also receive $10 voucher to spend for the night. The incredible host Lindsey as always was so organized and we had a great time.
