4	Ok, ok. I know it's not local but it was the cheapest I had found and I could get an appointment the next day at any time I wanted! Their hours are really a selling point as they will see people late into the evening and on weekends. They also accept walk-in's rather often. As far as the facility, yeah it is sort of the McDonalds of massage; a franchise opportunity of sterile massage pleasure. In all the interior is clean and calm, no frills but also no personality.  You get the customary serene sounds massage music, the dark room, the "drink lots of water" talk at the end. The whole deal. The prices for a first time massage are almost impossibly cheap, but after that the prices go right up to what I would consider a little above the standard rate for massage. The gimmick behind this is to join with a massage membership. Prices for that are around $50 a month, which isn't bad since it includes an hour massage monthly plus some other perks.  The person who checks you out is undoubtedly a sales person first and a receptionist second. Both times that I've been there in the last few years I have left after having a great massage, although this last time definitely shines as the better of the two. My massage therapist, James, was so in tune with my body. He listened to exactly what was wrong and instead of just diving in with the most pressure and the deepest massage he really focused his energy and left me with a massage that continued to help days and days later. If you've already had your first time massage there and the prices are going to go up for you, I implore you to try and find a local business to frequent. Small locally owned spas exist here in Pittsburgh and they can really benefit from customers choosing them. If it's your first time and you're near Squirrel Hill, definitely call them even at a moment's notice for a massage.
2	Not many deep tissue folks.  And if you want to change the location of your massage envy membership, not easy to do.
4	I was pulled in again by Massage Envy's ability to see me at a moment's notice. I love that convenience since I so often make snap decisions like that.While sitting in the waiting room I went to check in on Yelp and noticed a 10$ off an aromatherapy massage. Seeing as how I was there for an hour massage anyway and aromatherapy is $15 for non members, I added it. (Thanks, Yelp and Massage Envy!!)The receptionist was very informative and friendly. I met my massage therapist for the day, Anne. She was very polite although I could tell from the onset that she was very pressed for time. That's one of the things with chains like this. The therapist are booked very tight in their schedule on the weekend.I talked briefly with her about my problem areas and the amount of pressure I wanted (very firm/deep) and she left so I could disrobe. The massage was 50 minutes (which btw most larger massage chains do provide, as a rule of thumb 1 hour = 50 minutes plus 10 minutes to discuss problem areas dress/undress) and she used really deep pressure like I asked. My only real complaint, it was apparent she was rushed. I don't like that feeling. Anyone who knows even a little bit about the energy you give off as a human knows you can feel that without a doubt. It made it harder to relax.Caitlin at the front desk did such a great job talking up the membership to someone else while I was waiting that I actually finally joined as a member. $49/month for a year that gets me an hour massage every month (if you don't use it, it rolls to the next month!), member prices on amazing stuff like 1.5 hr and 2 hr massages, facials, and member prices for friends and family. While I don't know if I've found my therapist of choice, I'm stoked about monthly massages.
5	This is a great place for a massage
3	Well I was very excited to receive a $100 giftcard to Massage Envy for Christmas.  I booked an hour long massage followed by an hour long facial at my nearest Massage Envy (which happened to be Squirrel Hill).  I was greeted at the door by a very nice gentlemen who asked me to take a seat while he explained what exactly to expect.     The massage was great. My masseuse was great, applying just the right amount of pressure and adjusting the cold room as I asked him.  My only complaint would be that they use TONS of lotion that smells horrible. It was some kind of orange citris crap in a bottle, but to each their own. So I said nothing.     Next, my facial went great. She took the time to assess my skin and gave what she thought would be the best ingredients for me.  I was so impressed with her knowledge that I spent $50 on a cream she recommended prior to leaving.     My measly three stars come from the receptionist, Kathryn, as I payed.  She took both of my giftcards, calculated what my total came to, and decided that what was left over would be sufficient for a tip. Now, I'm no light tipper. I always give 20% for great service. More if they went beyond their duty.  However, she decided, without asking me, that I will give about a 30% tip to each the masseur and the esthetician. Then I would just pay for my cream seperately. After I gracefully said I would rather just give a 20% tip to each she actually ARGUED with me. I dont' mean a snide remark, but an actual argument about that wasn't enough.  The other receptionist was actually noticebly embarassed and uncomfortable.      I have never been anywhere that has forced someone to tip whatever they feel suitable. As if the fifteen signs in the wating area and the friendly calculation for you at the desk isn't enough to let you know that tipping is encouraged, I don't need a receptionist forcing it down my throat. I won't be visiting this Massage envy again. Thank you Kathryn.     I should of listened to the review I read prior to booking my appointment about this same complaint.
1	I have had my fair share of visiting Message Envy's in my hometown, so this was my first visit to a Pittsburgh location and I was truly disappointed with this establishment.The minute I set foot into their offices, I was pounced on with myriads of irrelevant questions about my schedule and work location and profession (aside from the health and history, which I completely understand due to precaution and safety reasons.) However, once they began to ask how many times I'd wish to have a massage in a month, I jokingly said I would love to have it weekly because who wouldn't?! Well, they took that as a welcoming to have every one of their employees I met (4 for me) to harass me with membership benefit information which I told was not needed from the start. As previously mentioned, I have been to many Massage Envy locations, so I think that I'd be a member by now if I chose to. It was awkward to have to give the same explanation as to why I DON'T want to be a member to each of them when they were all 2 feet away from each other every time I was approached. I've never had this problem at any other location and it is truly a deal breaker when they have to do this before and after your massage. Overall, the experience was uncomfortable and their sales tactic was extremely ridiculous. The masseuse shouldn't have to talk to me how great their membership program during the last 5 minutes of relaxation the clients pay for. Now I will visit the only other location in Pittsburgh next time.
2	The two stars are simply for the the front desk's cheerfulness and willingness to work with you on scheduling.I love massages and have them frequently, and I've always wanted to try this place - mostly because of its location.  Not worth the money, not worth the times I checked in to see if there was a spot for me.The masseuse was lovely and quite personable, but not actually good at massage.  In addition, I specifically requested areas be worked on and they weren't.  I was shocked, as well, at the fact that a half hour massage (42$) was not actually a half hour - it was more like a little less than 20 minutes by the time they talked to you, gave you a whole bunch of time to get situated, etc.  Usually studios build those times in and don't charge you for them.  (Yeah yeah, 'the food was so bad, and the portions were so small...'  I'm not sure whether an extra ten minutes might have helped...)In addition, let me say this:  NO I DON'T WANT A MEMBERSHIP, OKAY?!  I certainly don't want to TALK ABOUT THE MEMBERSHIP WHILE I AM RECEIVING MY SHODDY AND OVERPRICED MASSAGE.
3	I recieved a Massage Envy gift card last Christmas, and I finally had time to cash it in and get my hot stone massage on my birthday 06/01.Thanks to my sweet hubby,  he gifted it to me :)Yeah a girl be busy.Okay, so the staff at the reception desk were cheerful and up beat. The massage therapist was professional but she seems stand offish. Also she did nothing to personalize my massage. The ambiance of Massage Envy, is not very tranquil, it's more of a gym-membership environment. So I was not immediately relaxed and felt a little crammed into the front desk area.  They massage thearpy used an unscented massage oil, maybe some people like that, but I think that aromatherapy is extra and only if you request it.  So that's a strike against them. I had specifially requested to have mostly neck and shoulder work, and also to have my hands massaged. And I feel as if that my requestes were not fufilled.Yes the massage was good, but unfortunately not good enough to turn me into a repeat customer. Hey massages are expensive, so I want the best, but Massage Envy just didn't deliever.
3	Well I will say that I had a better experience this time.I recieved another gift card for Massage Envy.A pro,  I was able to get an appointment the very next day. I really did enjoy myself there and they even gave me a secondary introduction rate massage.  Instead of doing hot stone I choose a swedish massage with a cheaper price tag. Something about massage envy just rubs me the wrong way. However I will continue to go if I get gift certificates but I woudn't like to spend my own cash lol.With this being my second trip now I am able to confirm that Massage Envy does not believe in a customized massage.   I feel like the masseur was really holding back.  Now I that it has happened on two seperate occassion I think this is just the way that Massage Envy does business. I have also confirmed that aromatherapy in fact does cost an additional $8.00!!! I am already paying $100.00 you don't have to soak me for another $8.00 bucks.
4	I realize that there's a lot of controversy about how Massage Envy works, and whether or not it's good for their employees.  I'll try to set that aside in this review.I find the prices reasonable; although I must admit I'm a little turned off by the "system"; the therapists there really need that $15-$20 tip to make it work, I wish they'd just charge everyone $15-$20 more and have a no-tipping policy.  I always tip fairly, but I don't like the way it's so in your face.That's basically why they don't get five stars; but in the long run, it's really about your therapist, and while it may take a few visits to find one who works for you, once you do, it's a really great experience.
5	Reading the other reviews of this Massage Envy, I am a bit surprised.  I have had nothing but pleasant experiences which led me to become a member.  The front desk staff is very nice and cheery and willing to help in any way.  I have been seeing Patty for a year or more now (once per month), and she has always asked me what areas to focus on and then completely focused on that area.  I would definitely recommend this location for someone looking for a massage.
5	I am so confused about the negative reviews here and wouldn't have even bothered to put up a review--but since I've been going here pretty regularly for 4-years, I felt like I had to say something. Yes, Massage Envy works in a weird way in that they slightly under-charge you upfront for a massage and essentially pray that you will be a good-tipper to the therapist--that's how they get people in the door, and I don't fault them for it!  Come on, people, you are getting what would be at least 1.5x the price (if not more) elsewhere, and the trade-off is that you should do what's right anyway and tip your therapist appropriately? I'll take it.  Most places 1-hr massages are upwards of $75, and even with the increased price you still have to tip your therapist.  With ME's membership, I can even get an extra massage at month at $39.  To be completely fair, I will agree that the $49 rate for a 50-minute massage actually makes the rate equivalent to many other places, but the convenience of getting in at last minute's notice, etc is worth it to me.  The 50-minute thing (instead of a full hour) used to tick me off quite a bit because I haven't been to any other place that does this, but I think over time I've just come to accept it as a part of their lower cost; and I will say that this policy really does allow them to stick to starting pretty much on time for all their clients (which I really appreciate).That general comment on their practices aside, I've seriously had no complaints about this location--the staff members at the front desk are cheery (though the turnover rate has surprised me and I've lost several of my favorites), and they've never been anything but courteous & accommodating.  Regarding the massages: seriously, when I was first trying to figure out the best-fit therapist for me, I must have tried out at least 8 therapists!  From that many, I only didn't like 1 massage, and I regularly see about 3 of their therapists (since my schedule is all over the place, I can't just stick with one person).  I always get deep-tissue, and I disagree with one of the previous posts that says they don't have many/good deep-tissue therapists--my favorites: neck/back: Julie, Miyumi; full-body: Monica, Jaime; trigger-point: Ashley--and all these people do good deep-tissue work (and believe me, I like it deeeep!)For all those strongly worded posts about them selling their membership: Yes, there is a lot of potential for having to hear a long sales-pitch after your first massage...but the Membership is what their entire business model is based on, so if you know and understand this before you go in, you can politely decline.
4	I've been coming to this location for years. Always a great experience. Always on time and always professional. I see Sarah on a regular basis and she does an amazing job. If you're looking for a great place to get a monthly massage (they have membership packages), then I would say definitely check this location out. They go above and beyond. Jeff and Rogella are great at running this location.
1	I scheduled a facial about two weeks in advance, and it was canceled by the facility the day of. I rescheduled for the following morning (with no discount, even though I had to provide a credit card number at booking so that the facility could charge me full price if I cancelled day of). When I arrived 15 minutes early as requested, the facility seemed to have just opened and the reception area was a bit chaotic.The treatment room was not welcoming (so cold I had goosebumps), the products were harsh and inexpertly applied (the esthetician got glycolic acid exfoliator in my eye, didn't fully wipe all the product off of my face at the end of the service, and got lots of product in my hair because she couldn't figure out how to fasten the terrycloth headband), the massage portion was short, strange (arms and hands only,  no neck and shoulders) and poorly done, and the whole treatment, which was supposed to be a 60 minute facial, took less than 45 minutes including consultation.Not worth the money.
4	Massage Envy is an odd sort of chain.  It's a massage chain. I have been twice and found both times with two different people to be just fine.  I got a sports massage and I don't see what makes them special but I found them to be well done and the staff are competent.  It really is a chain place though and you know what you are getting.  I'm not looking to be buddies with my massage therapist so it works for me.  Some folks won't like that.  I like that the place is clean, professional and the staff are always pleasant.  The prices are fair and the hours are good.I like to go here because a lot of massage places here in Pittsburgh don't seem to be interested in massages.
5	Brad has the hands of God. Through a friend's recommendation, I booked in to see Brad at Massage Envy. He was brilliant! I requested a deep tissue massage and he did an amazing job. As he moves around the table, Brad keeps one hand on you so you know where he is. The only part exposed is the section being massaged and enquiries were made to ensure that I was comfortable with the amount of exposure. We chatted briefly at the start and then were silent for the rest of the session. I can't remember the last time I felt that relaxed.
3	the massage was ordinary and a bit rushed.. I requested "just to relax" and the therapist felt the need to keep talking even when i didn't respond...
5	Had a wonderful message with Jennie great deep tissue message. I was a mess since new year's & she took out all the kinks & gave me pointers to follow. Too bad she is not in NJ to keep seeing her. Great job!
