4	Had dinner here tonight. They just opened this week. Currently they do not have a credit card machine, so they are only taking cash. They also do not have their liquor license yet. Those things to detract one star. I had enchiladas verdes. They were fresh and good tasting. The best part about this particular restaurant is the four salsas that they bring to the table when you sit down. They also bring cheese dip, pico de gallo, and chips. I would have been happy to make my meal of the salsa verde, pico gallo and cheese dip! Note that additional baskets of chips cost $1 each. The decor in the restaurant leaves much to be desired, as it looks like a generic hotel restaurant. They have not had the opportunity to update the decor in order to give it a Mexican flare. My waitress spoke very little English however she made a valiant attempt to understand my southern accent. I finally gave up at halfway through the meal and started speaking to her in what semi broken Spanish I could. I will happily come back in a week or so to see how things have progressed. Hopefully they will be taking credit cards by then and will be able to serve margaritas.
4	Took 2 friends with me for dinner here tonight (Sunday 4-6-2014). Everything was as good as it was when I was there last Tuesday. They finally got their credit card machine! Yay! No more having to carry cash!Dinner was unexpectedly inexpensive tonight! All tacos were $1. The chicken tacos were juicy and well seasoned. Coupled with the free salsas, guacamole, and cheese dip, an unbeatable value!  All 3 of us left full and happy for well under $20 plus tip.
5	This place is fantastic.  I hope they stay in business because the portions are huge.
1	Not good in my opinion. Sure, it is plentiful and cheap, but that is not really my first priority with food.Went for lunch with a few friends and two of us ordered the barbacoa burrito. It was gross. Not only did it not taste anything like barbacoa, but just looking at the meat was gag inducing. It was gray and gelatinous. Not good at all. Our waitress was very nice but also very incompetent. She brought out the chips and salsas, which are served in small carafes, but brought no bowls. She had trouble taking the order, she didn't check on us, never informed us that the checks go to the desk and you pay there - she just wasn't great. Additionally, and everyone has their opinions, but I find the location to be pretty shifty. There are people in and near that hotel that don't seem on the up and up!  Park at your own risk!
5	Excellent little out of the way Mexican restaurant. It is inside the Clarion hotel but has outside access. Portions are large, salsa & queso are served for free. You can even mix your own salsa b/c they bring you a small bowl of pico to mix in. The meal was excellent and the place was nice and clean.
1	They use deli chicken instead of real chicken. I could not stand processed chicken,even KFC has better quality chicken than this place. "Chicken" taste like rubber. The servers were not nice at all.Food takes a while also, the tomato salsa is basically like marinara sauce. The avocado salsa is good and spicy though but everything else about this place just not worth coming back.
4	Lots of good here.  Most important, the food is tasty and plentiful.  Good value, but more importantly, authentic and fresh.  The hook is the free cheese dip, if you value queso that is.  I liked the multi spicy salsas. The verde was just zippy enough, while the rojo was full of chunky veggies.  I didn't try the mild, why would I?  We didn't get the pico de gallo as advertised, but I was indulging the spicy stuff, so it wasn't missed much.  My cohorts had quesadillas, I had the flautas.  The pollo was good, flavorful, tender.  Guacamole was good, not great but rarely is in the states.  They advertise no refills, I'm guessing that was just for soda, sweet tea was refilled gratis.  They currently have 3 domestic beers at $2 a bottle, righteous.  Altogether, if you want good mex, reasonably priced, tasty and mostly authentic, bring it.  Atmosphere is what I like about most real Mexican places, bright colors, kinda thrift store furniture and not pretentious.  The wait staff is ok, not great, but friendly.  I recommend for those who want flavor at value, not surroundings.
4	Delicioso! Their 3 salsas + a queso dip is a delightful start to a meal.Good chips, too! We had quesadillas, both of which were very tasty. Can't wait to go back and try more.Decor looks like...well, the restaurant of a Clarion hotel, but the food rose above that.
5	Awesome place!! I never write reviews but this place is worth the effort. The salsa was amazing and I didn't even eat the other three types that came with the meal. Great service! Inexpensive! Great staff! Clearance clean! Everything was fresh! You have to try this!
5	This place is a tad more expensive compared to your typical Mexican restaurant, but it is worth it. They do not shove you into a seat and out the door like most Mexican restaurants do. We had great service. They really took the time to make sure we had everything we needed. All of the staff members were extremely friendly. The food was AWESOME. They give you chips, salsa, and a green dip (cilantro salsa) when you first sit down which tasted great. I ordered the La Unica Burrito without the red sauce, with beef, and a side of rice and beans. It tasted great. Rice was probably the best rice I have had at a Mexican restaurant. My boyfriend ordered the pollo fundido. He always orders this at every Mexican restuarant. He said he was disappointed that the cheese on it was shredded/melted instead of the cheese dip, so you may want to request the cheese dip instead. Overall a great experience. We sat at the bar and they let us put the game on we wanted to watch and gave us the remote to turn up the volume. I will go back for sure. We stayed at the Best Western and walked right over. Super awesome. We did both order margaritas. There was too much sweet and sour mix for my taste. I am just not a big fan of places that pre-make their mix with the alcohol already in it. They were not super strong, but not super weak either. I think next time I will ask for an extra shot in it though. Try it out.
2	The food was great, the facility clean. The waiter was rude.  Bad customer service ruined the whole trip.  Won't be back.
