4	I think the City of Madison and I are a pretty good fit.  It has a low-key pace and sense of community that I really enjoy. Madison's laid back, liberal, outdoor-minded, slightly self-involved and soaked in booze.  Just like me.  However, when evaluating my place here I always run into a "chicken or the egg" question: was I pre-disposed to like Madison before I moved here or has my residence here for the last six years affected me in such a way that I'm comfortable in this midwestern town?  Either way, it's worth a visit.
5	Madison is where my heart belongs.  It is a city of balance....great food, nightlife, music, decent shopping, and wonderful culture.  The campus is at the heart of the city, and the students (like me!) make up an integral part of Madison....we are treated as we should be and not as second- class citizens.  I am never board, and I don't feel walled in like in New York.  Clean, safe, and full of things to do, I would definitely consider raising a family here.  5 stars!!
5	Quite possibly the most awesome place I've ever lived or even been to, and I've been around....
5	Madison sweet Madison, I miss almost everything about this place except the freezing winters.  I go back here once a year and go crazy.  So lucky to have gone to college here!!!
5	There is a reason that Money magazine ranks it as one of the best cities in the country.  It is so pedestrian and bicycle friendly and the downtown is perfect the way that it is sandwiched in between two lakes.  Sometimes the downtown feels like a big adult playground to me.  To me everything that is great about living in a city can be found here.  I miss it every single day and look forward to the time when I decide to settle down, which will be in Madison.
4	It isn't perfect, but Madison is still a shining jewel among Midwestern towns. I went to college here, and I liked it, but I decided my destiny lay elsewhere--nonetheless, I'll still enjoy going back. Recommended.
5	Madison is the only place in the whole world I would move to without a second thought. Don't get me wrong, MInneapolis, I do love you. It's just that Madison makes me feel....good about myself. She's prettier and smaller and is full of bat shit crazy drunkos (and not just the bloated, pasty ones you have.) I'm not breaking up with you, Minneapolis, but that doesn't mean I'm going to stop cheating on you anytime soon.
5	Madison is beautiful and no doubt a great place to live.  Leans a bit to the left, politically.
5	Madison has one big problem.  They can't put in a public urinal without debating it for 10 years.  And this may be a good thing!  Though they seem to have trouble getting things done they do keep this town in rather beautiful shape.   The amenities of the town are everything I have time for and we love it here.  UW Madison is wonderful, Government is here with the beautiful capitol building.   Three, used to be 4 hospitals.  Two great book stores and numerous used book stores.  A variety of restaurants.  Beautiful women and handsome men.  Who could ask for more?  I ask for more and better restaurants or at least just raise the bar on the ones that exist and everything would be like heaven here.
5	Madison was the city that I arrived when I first came to the US for school almost 10 years ago. This is the very first place I called home in the US.  This is the city that my dad, my mom, my brother, and my sister once called home. This is where all we once lived.Madison is great. It's not too big and not too small, and it has everything that you will need. Madison in Summer is so amazingly fun. Madison in Winter is yes very cold but still not that bad since you dont need to drive far to long to fight snow. Madison in Autumn and Spring is very beautiful.I wouldnt hesitate to move back here. No matter where I live in the US, i will always consider Madison as my first home.
5	Best city ever. I never want to live anyplace else.
5	I've never lived in Madison, but I LOVE Madison!  It has the perfect Combination of everything!!! Every time I come here, I just feel good.  There is an energy that is hard to understand unless you experience it for yourself.Maybe every College Town is like this, but I've spent a lot of time in, "College Towns" and Madison has them all beat.  5 Stars for sure!!!
5	Recently, our little family took a vacation that included going to Madison for the first time. We stayed 3 nights there and LOVED it!  This place is so awesome!I would never think of Madison as being somewhere cool to go for vacation but it really is!  I love the atmosphere of the entire city.  Everything is so very "green" with most people walking, running or biking to get everywhere on one of the MANY trails set aside for that reason.  The water... the river... the shopping... it's all so wonderful!  State Street is a definite "Must see"... a street that's been blocked off to automobile traffic to make it easier for shoppers to move about on food, taking in loads of shopping, local performers and local cafes.  Most of the educational things to do there are free or minimal fee admission; museums, zoos, etc.  I didn't think it'd be the case, but I actually love it in Madison!!
5	Madison.....an absolutely fantastic college town!  I love to go back and visit!  Madison has it all, great food scene, great night life, fantastic lake scenes, etc., I could go on and on.  Some things to do and see in Madison, the University of Wisconsin, the Capitol, just about any of the restaurants, the Memorial Union Terrace, the Monona Terrace, any bar around campus, State Street....again, I could go on and on.  There is just so much to do that I don't think I could list everything in one review.  If you want to get an idea of a great city in Wisconsin, Madison is the place to do it!
5	This is an interesting city. It is very unique. Kind of like a cross between Washington DC and San Francisco and unfortunately without the trains. I suggest visiting during the summer and staying for at least a weekend.
4	I went all throughout the Madison night life and met quite a few badgers.  It's a legitimate party school and while not one bar stuck out it was made fun by the crowd.   Also you should visit during Halloween.  Don't believe me? Google it.
3	This would be 5 stars- because I love the restaurants, the farmer's market, the Union, and most of the people I know here (including some family members) but beware: Madison hates dogs! They don't really post this, but they have rules against dogs in about 95% of their public parks, even on a leash!! Some ranger with nothing to do threatened us about our (leashed) dog and when I wrote to his supervisor, I got more condescension and attitude. We were polite, taken aback and law-abiding for virtually any other city in the world, but hippie-loving Madison, with its local, natural, holistic, peace-loving citizenship really employs some douchbags to run their city. I hope some resident takes control over Dudley Dooright rangers because the power tripping is a real turn-off.
