4	We love the pizza here. The Barro's Special is our favorite. The employees are friendly. Arrive before 3 p.m. for killer lunch deals.
5	Really amazing pizza. We've tried the pepperoni and the hot wings pizza and both are excellent. The crust is delicious.
3	The service at counter sucked! The girl that took my order was very rude and not helpful at all. Seem like she didn't want to be there. The food was great, I recommend the family special wich includes a large pizza and wings. Very good! I recommend the food just disappointed with the service.
4	Delivery: Pizza and PastaPhone order was convenient and friendly.1/2 chkn Supreme 1/2 vege2 pastas w/ special order saucePredicted 45min (right on time!)*Pizza and pasta arrived purrrrfect temperatures.*Pizza was made incorrectly (Vege = Barro's Supreme) so my partner could not eat... (pork was poo-poo'd by the gods, says Moses et al.)minus one star for wrong orderManager willing to make things right (reasonable).Warm/Fresh: put pizza in oven at 150F to keep it yummyI enjoyed the whole pizza to myself ;)Delicious!Chow!Ciao,dj
4	This place is great! The pizza is so yummy, thick chewy crust and good sauce makes it one of my go to places for pie. The wings are fantastic with a diverse amount of different sauces to choose, from the classic mild, medium, and hot to BBQ, honey hot and my favorite sweet baby rays sweet chili.The interior of the restaurant is large and nicely decorated with lots of wood trim and there is a kids play area and TV's to watch sports and such. Sit outside in the patio or take it to go.
3	The pizza was really good, also had a dinner salad which was kind of so-so. I knocked off a couple of stars for inconsistency. I called there a couple of weeks ago for a delivery and was told they didn't deliver that far, but when I called this Saturday suddenly they did. I wonder what will happen when I call next time.....
3	Barro's is a nice place to go for a decent pizza at the "run-of-the-mill" prices.  We go once in a blue moon for pizza.  Our favorite is the meat lover's/mega meat/meatapalooza, whatever it's called.  We usually get an order of cheese sticks which are just the regular frozen cheese sticks, nothing fancey.  We go when we are in the area but would not go out of the way.  The one things that I don't like is paying for everything ahead of time.  If I want more than one beer I have to either pay ahead and guess or pay as I go.  I just don't like the idea.
5	I've had Barro's before and never not liked it so when we were out and about, I decided it would be the first pizza I would eat since being sick from a more popular chain. Ordered 6 spicy barbeque boneless wings and a large mega meats. Everything came fresh, hot, and delicious. Wings were crisp, tender, and saucy. Pizza was loaded with toppings and the crust was crisp, yet had a very light doughiness to it. We will be back.
2	Ordered a small pizza to go, ended up waiting over 30 minutes since they somehow forgot to tell me when it was done.  The pizza itself was super greasy and a lower quality than I've come to expect from Barro's.  I'll be avoiding this one from now on.
1	This location in particular I thought was completely disrespectful towards it's Military Veterans. I used to be a loyal customer of this restaurant until I experienced the lack of professional customer service, Considering the temperature was cold out I decided to wear my camouflage jacket which it had on the right shoulder an American Flag patch with the stars and stripes facing forward as it should be when wearing it on the right shoulder anyways. While standing aside the line next to the counter from a distance this moron of a parasite of society, another typical slob decided to comment on how my flag patch was supposedly on the wrong side and how the stars/stripes should be reversed...then again of course before kissing the ass of the manager. The slob mentioned this to him saying "I love how people wear their flag patches on the wrong way/Side" the Manager then responds to agree with him. I let the manager know my Father and I are boycotting them...my Father also being a Veteran as well. Both parties were in the wrong and as guilty as charged what an insult for someone who has never even been in the Military have any knowledge about anything about the Military. Even the kids who play paintball and Airsoft know more than that douchebag.Also, another thing that has turned me off was their "No Firearms Allowed" policy signs. If you don't support the 2nd amendment I find no such reason to spend my cash there and rather do business with their competitors.
4	Veggie pizza was delicious! Fresh veggies and yummy chewy crunchy crust. New server was extremely slow. My friend and I shared a Bazookie that was yummy goey goodness. I would definitely eat here again.
5	Came from a friend telling us we had to come. They were so right! It was so yummy! And service was amazing. Thank you!! Wish we lived near by so we could come back. Whenever we are in the area of a Barro's we will eat there!!
4	Love love love the veggie pizza! They let you change the ingredients so I ask for no mushrooms or black olives and substitute pepperoncini and green olives. Delicious. They usually don't have enough people working in the store though.
2	Have ate there several times since my last review and the food has always been amazing. There have been a few minor customer service issues but able to overlook due to the quality of the food. Today though, I placed a delivery order and it took an hour and fifteen minutes to arrive and was mostly cold on arrival.
2	Mediocre pizza at a high price.Salads are full of brown lettuce.Mild Wings are so-so, hot honey is good though.Beer selection could be improved.Staff is nice enough if you just hand over cash and that's the end of your interaction.  But extremely uninterested in doing anything other than ringing you up for a pickup order, questions are met with snide tones and rolled eyes. I'm sorry, if giving out extra napkins isn't in your job description.  Please get back to your conversation with your friends.
5	After a long day, we invited our staff for a relaxing and enjoyable evening at Barro's in Casa Grande.  First time to dine inside and everything was perfect!  The service was quick and professional.  The food was  delightful and tasteful.  Highly recommended!
