5	I loved this place! They did such a good job giving it a low key little brewery vibe. It's in an old garage so you might think it's old and grungy but they scrubbed it up and it's so nice! The bar is nice and big, they have wine barrel tables to enjoy your beer at (either inside or outside on their nice sunny deck!) Speaking of their deck--it's nice and secluded -- nothing special about the view, but it's tucked back in a neighborhood so it's pretty peaceful. They offer cornhole and hot dogs (or chilli dogs!) like any good microbrewery should.Pros:*Great beer!*Sunshiney deck*Friendly staff/ownersCons:*it's a little hard to find--you won't just happen upon it
4	I stopped by here this past Saturday evening with my fiance.  I had recently read about Grist House Brewing on Yelp and so whenever my fiance and I found ourselves with some free time on a Saturday evening we decided to visit.  I wasn't too sure of where it was actually located at so Whenever we got into Millvale I decided to park on Grant and figured we could walk down Spencer in order to find it.  Unfortunately that sounds easier than it was and we had a hard time locating it.  Even whenever we put it into Google Maps which correctly identified its location, we had a hard time finding it as it is behind some other buildings while its driveway is on the street.  Eventually we did see a sign in front of their driveway and walked in.I was surprised as the place was absolutely packed on this evening.  As a matter of a fact my fiance and I were lucky to get the last table available and that was out on the deck.  Grist House Brewing has a pretty nice set up going with a decent sized seating area on a deck outside and then a seating area and bar inside which overlooks their fermentation tanks.  The tables are made up up of old barrels and there was also a game of corn hole going on outside the day we were there. Since I had never been here before and also had never tried any of their beers I decided to go with their sampler.  This consisted of the four beers that they had on tap as well as a choice of one of the two beers that they had on nitro.  Overall all of the beer was solid but none were good enough that I would go out of my way to get them again.  My favorite ended up being the Camp Slap Red which I had in both regular and nitro versions.  It was actually sort of cool to be able to get the difference between the two and I thought that the nitro version went down a bit smoother.  My fiance ended up picking the session pale ale as her favorite of the bunch.The bottom line for me is that I would come here again in the future.  The beer is decent and what I really like about this place is how they have it set up.  It's nice to be able to be sit outside on the deck as well as to see most of their equipment whenever you are inside.
4	Searching for a brewery that was open on Sundays and came upon Grist.  They have an awesome patio area to enjoy a few brews and the inside is inviting and feels like you're hanging out with a few friends.  Makes sense since the staff/owners are exceptionally friendly down to earth peeps!The place wasn't hard to find as we saw the sign from the road but I can see how it may be tricky depending on where you're coming from.  Plenty of parking in their gravel lot.  We tried the sampler for $10 and it came with a wheat beer, pale ale, brown ale, red, and a porter.  Definitely enough for 2 people to share if you don't mind sharing glasses.  I really enjoyed the pale ale - it was lighter than what I was expecting with a mild hoppiness following by a floral aftertaste.  I got a full glass after trying the sampler.  All the beers were good and I really liked the atmosphere.  The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is b/c all the beers were milder than expected and I typically expect craft breweries to push the envelope a bit on the beers they offer.  I'm hopeful that since Grist is still new that they may have some ideas in mind for an edgier beer.  They have hot dogs, chilli dogs and this pepper/veggie medley in olive oil with baguette slices to order.  But they also mentioned that you can call places to deliver.  Definitely worth checking out!  Also very friendly dogs so don't be intimidated if you hear them barking as you walk up.
4	I love to see places going into neighborhoods like Millvale because it will only help it grow.  Great and friendly staff.  Love their beers and I am also a huge fan of the visiting food trucks.  Will definitely go back.
5	Great beer, friendly crowd and owners. Chill atmosphere where people can hang outside on the deck or even spill over to the parking lot. Occasional food trucks and live music add to the ambiance.
5	Great new spot! I love this place! The atmosphere is great, it's dog-friendly, the owners are really nice and the beers are amazing. Definitely recommend checking this place out. We will be back!
4	Grist House Brewing was a little difficult to find only because the location doesn't look like what we expected.  Coming down Sherman Street the fenced parking lot just didn't shout BREWERY.  On closer look there is the big number 10, and a sign mounted to the chain link fence.  Entering around back a nice big deck with a canopy waits for guests to sit outdoors to enjoy their brew.  Inside the cool industrial look of the place is unpretentious and friendly.  The board of offerings is large and a flight of 5 is $10.  A Growler to go is $5.A patron at the bar even had the bartender blend two craft beers together for his liking.  There are a few big screen TV's view Pittsburgh Sports Teams.  We learned that the location was originally a slaughter house and 95% of the inside is newly refinished.  On Thursdays and Friday's we were told food trucks come on site.Patrons are encouraged to BYOF (bring your own food).This place is such a treat, friendly and inviting and a chances are very good you will find a brew or two that appeal to you.
5	Great beers brewed on-site, dog-friendly, sports on TV, cornhole out back and a big deck to chill on. The staff is super friendly and happy to educate about their brewing process if you're interested (I was, thanks Kyle!) I will be returning next time I'm in town to check out the food trucks!
5	Yes...  I love this place.Is it quirky?  Yes.  Could the bar area be a little bigger?  Yes.  Could the parking lot not be a mud pit at times?  Yes.  Does it matter at all?  No.We finally ventured out to Grist House on a Saturday afternoon to watch Penn State football game.  The brewery, sporting its preference for Blue & White, has consistently opened early for PSU football games, bringing in food trucks and decking the bar (and bartenders) in Happy Valley gear.  While I've been to plenty of Steelers, Penguins, Penn State, etc. bars both within and outside of Pittsburgh...  this is by far the first brewery that has adopted the theme.Situated in what used to be an old slaughterhouse/meat packing building in Millvale, the space itself is unique (still sporting the travelling cranes and loading docks that oddly suits it well for brewing.  Everyone there was great and the vibe resided somewhere between industrial hip (read chalkboard walls, reuse lights, etc.) and country pride (camo hats and gear).Having had their beer at a few bars and local brew-fests, I wasn't surprised that most of their brews were pleasing.  My favorite by far were their pair of tripels, each sporting the same grain/hop bill but one rocking an Abbey yeast strain and the other sporting a Trappist yeast strain.  It's a great beer trick that truly demonstrates the impact yeast have on a final product.Overall, I can see this turning into a regular Saturday gig anytime we don't have anything going on.  Add in the fact that it's dog friendly (don't have one, but enjoy them being around) and Grist House is a welcome addition to the Pittsburgh brewing community.
4	There's lots to love about this place. I only wish I'd discovered it a few months earlier, because when I finally made it over to Millvale to check it out, it was a chills-you-to-the-bone cold November day and we couldn't take advantage of what looks like an awesome outdoor space. The inside is warm and cosy though. We showed up on a Friday night and it was bustling and energetic. The tap room has a sizable bar and a fair number of tables. I tried the Double IPA which was reasonably priced for a high gravity beer and wasn't disappointed. The BBQ truck they had outside was serving some delicious pulled pork sammies as well, but I suppose that's for another review. Unfortunately, we had a show at Mr. Smalls to catch so I only sampled the one beer, but I'll be back for sure. Never you worry.
5	How have I not reviewed this place when I was the one that told Yelp it existed?  I sincerely apologize for the oversight, both to Grist House Brewing and to Yelp.  I have no excuse.  I do, however, have nothing but wonderful things to say about Grist House.  I was happy to check this place out shortly after they opened and meet the brewers and enjoyed a sampler of their initial offerings.  It has since become one of my favorite places to hang out and get a good beer (whether it's inside at the bar, outside on the deck or in the small yard area set up with picnic tables and cornhole games).  The location is the perfect place for me to meet my brothers who live nearby and also enjoy good beer.  The bar and deck area is not that spacious, but the atmosphere created at Grist House makes you feel like one of the family.As Grist House has grown, they've offered different brews and have invited food trucks to park outside.  It's been a wonderful pairing.The location is kind of hidden because the building is not right on Sherman Street.  They have a small area for a few cars inside their fence and there is street parking.  I've never had a problem finding a spot.  Once you find it, you'll be glad you did.
5	Really like this place.  Great beers.  My only problem with it, is the relatively small size of the bar area.  I left after only one beer last night, as I just couldn't stand any longer.  The outdoor area was open, and maybe with a heater and curtains, it probably could have been used by people.  Great to see the Food Trucks showing up there - was hoping to get some good German food, but there would've been nowhere to eat it.
