5	I work in the Biltmore area and I was happy to see this place open.  My hair was cut by a gentleman named Nate and this was simply one of the best, if not the best, haircut I received in quite sometime.   If you're looking for a good cut at prices that are not outrageous then I highly recommend this place.  I'll review my shaving experience in about a week.
5	Nate is now my new barber.  He is simply amazing at what he does.  He's also a down to earth guy and easy to talk to and joke around with.  I love the Groom Room because it has a relaxed atmosphere and you can shoot the shit with the guys working there, like a true barbershop should be.  I promised a review on my shave and it was great!  You start out with a hot towel wrapped around your face (don't worry, they don't cover your nose) to relax your skin, open up your pores, and relax the whiskers.  Then a pre-shave oil is spread onto your face followed by the shaving cream.  Next, the shaving proceeds.  Throughout the shave, Nate asked if the pressure he was applying was to much or to little.  After the shave, a cold towel is wrapped around your face to close the pores followed by after shave being applied.  Overall, my shave experience was phenomenal.  My overall experience with the Groom Room has been exceptional.  I have now had my hair cut by Nate 4 times and will continue to come back.
5	I went here yesterday for the first time and had an excellent experience. Bad with names, I don't recall the name of my barber, but she was very thorough, asking me detailed questions about how I wanted my hair cut, and skillfully gave me the quality haircut I requested. Quite honestly, my experience trying to find a decent barber in the Valley has been a lesson in disappointment. It's easy to get out the electric clippers, but electric clippers alone do not make a good haircut, and some of us are not interested in looking like we are on leave from the military. My barber gave me an excellent haircut, using a rare contraption called "scissors" to make it even and to give my hair a sense of texture. This is my barber shop in the Valley from now on, and I am glad that their location is an easy walk from my house.
5	This space is fantastic, great prices and great service.  Willy is the only barber I will go to from now on.  Best fade and straight razor on the valley.  I am sure that everyone at the shop is fantastic but Willy has bar none given me the best cut I have had in a long time.
5	I found Groom Room on Yelp.  A classy barbershop at the Biltmore.  Fairly inexpensive, I paid $25 for the cut and tipped a $5.  I'm satisfied with my purchase and would recommend this establishment to 1st timers who aren't really sure where to go to have their hair cleaned up. I walked in with out an appointment at 4:00 pm and was done before 5pm.  Had my hair done by Willie who did a good job, and it looked like the other employees had their game together as well.  Glad I found it!
5	I moved to PHX from Portland in July and have been searching for a legitimate place to get a clean, stylish haircut since. In PDX, it was easy to find a great cut. In PHX, not so much. After trying a bunch of those franchise shops like Sports Clips and getting my hair butchered by girls in a hurry to have me out the door and on my way, I went to Yelp for help. I found Groom Room and decided to give it a shot. Needless to say, I was not disappointed. I was greeted with friendliness and instantly seated in a chair. The shop has a nice, classic to feel to it and the TVs are always a good touch to get your sports fix while in the chair. Willie was my barber. I showed him a couple pics on my phone of old pics of myself with haircuts I had prior to getting my hair butchered in AZ, which Willie took and ran with. He gave me a killer fade that felt great as he completed it to the finest detail. He executed the rest of the cut perfectly with thoroughness-no stray hair gone untouched. A good conversationalist and skilled barber, I'll be sure to go back to Willie in the future. I paid $25 bucks for the cut, and left him a $5 tip with the promise that I'll be seeing him in the future. Only negative thing I have to say is I almost got lost trying to find it tucked away in the Biltmore, but my instincts guided me to the shop as if this was fate. This is the best men's haircut spot in Phoenix, look no further fellas.
5	Incredible service. Awesome music. Real pros!  It's the way a haircut and shave should feel. All men need to try this place!
5	Moving here from California I was in desperate need of a new barber in the Phoenix area. Since Christmas was around the corner I decided to go on yelp and search for a classic barbershop and the Groom Room was the first one that popped up. I called in and made an appointment for a beard trim and a haircut. I believe my barber was Yuri, a young man eager to strive for perfection. He made sure everything was groomed properly and all the edges were clean cut. I was nervous about the "vacuum" attached to the clippers at first, but by the end of the haircut I realized that this was the greatest thing ever. Not having hair all over your face while you're getting a haircut is awesome! Long story short, I definitely recommend this spot to any man who cares about their appearance.
5	Willie is a legend, if I was still in Phoenix I would be coming back time and time again. Sucks I have to find someone as good as him again. I dont like my hair being cut but he did the best job and I was always happy. Keep it up!
5	I found this place while looking for a new barbershop on yelp. The groom room was the first to pop up and based on the reviews I decided to give it a try. All I can say is that I had a fantastic experience. Family friendly staff and the wait time was not too long. Haircut was $25 and I tipped the guy $10 for a great cut. Keep it up guys!
5	JD took care of me and my grizzly beard that had not been touched by a professional in over two years. I felt comfortable in his hands and let him do his magic. He asked questions each step of the way and after I told him to take the reigns he still explained everything he was doing. The shop itself was immaculate and I was still apologized to because they were doing unseen improvements. It was a steal for the time, attention, and proficiency of the cut/trim at $20. Great experience.
2	I recently moved to the Biltmore area and was looking for a new barbershop. Going off of the excellent Yelp reviews, I decided to give this place a shot. I have a pretty simple style--short with a little spiky in front, and a beard that I keep trimmed. You don't have to make an appointment, and I had no problem getting right in. The barber I had was probably the oldest in the shop (I do remember his name, but I'm choosing not to post it) and seemed to be in charge. The chair and shop were clean. He listened to me when I said how I like it cut, but then disagreed on my style. I think he said it "won't fly," but I'm not exactly sure what that was supposed to mean. You will notice right away that all the barbers talk loudly to one another in what sounds like Russian to my untrained ear. No English except to the customers. The haircut was done mostly with an electric trimmer and then scissors on top. When he was done he tried using a blow dryer to style it how I like, but it became quite clear he was not used to using one, and was unable to achieve what takes me about 15 seconds at home. He offered to put some product in it, so I pointed to one of the Crew containers on his counter. He did not know how to apply it correctly and used about 5 times more than necessary.The real trouble began when he started on my beard. Now remember, this is a barbershop, so trimming a man's beard should not be a problem. When he was halfway through my beard he had another customer arrive. One of the other barbers asked of he could take the man, and my barber got angry, argued, and told him NO, and said he was almost done with me. The length of the beard came out fine, but the lines were butchered. I only realized how bad it was when I got home: the neck line looks zigzag, and one cheek is about an inch lower than the other. Unbelievable!! I tried to fix it the best I could but I'm now seriously considering shaving the whole thing and starting over. The actual haircut was also quite poor--he did not taper/fade smoothly, so I can see a line.This haircut cost me $35 plus tip. The Groom Room is an absolute joke. I've had far better cuts at Sport Clips. If you are in the Biltmore you'd be better off going to Camelback Barbershop, they are not the friendliest but they know what they are doing.2 stars, and I'm being really generous.
5	Great Barber Shop. Not much more needs saying, but I will. I've been a long time customer of one of the barbers there, Joe, and was happy to follow him when he moved here. Why? Well, he gives one hell of a flattop, that's why. This cut is a little tricky for some people, but not for him. It's perfect every time. I don't know about the other barbers there because I only let Joe touch my hair.The place is tastefully decorated. It feels a little like what I imagine an old school barber shop might have been like, but more modern, of course. Everyone is friendly and you feel like they all know what they're doing. They offer various services and the prices are posted a board. I just usually get a cut. I do get a warm towel on the head and then a massage afterwards, which adds to the overall experience but not to the cost. It's those extras that I really like. At this point, I've been there a dozen times or more. I've never waited for my appoint, not once. That's awesome for those of us who are on the go and need to get in and out! Call ahead, I imagine it's a time saver. What can I say. Love this place and hope it's around a very very long time.
5	Great location! Very professional and friendly staff.
1	Don't go here if you are a girl or want to get your haircut by sexist a-holes.  I have short hair and usually go to a salon but I just needed the sides of my hair trimmed.  Nothing complicated or special.  I was hesitant to go to a barber but figured I would give it a try since a lot of women have short hair now and other women have told me to try it out.I came here based off of reviews.  I walked in and immediately felt a bad vibe.  I was directed to the receptionist who I asked if the barbers there cut girl's hair.  She said yes but was not very confident in her answer.  At that time the head barber or owner, I assume, came out from the back.  He asked what I was looking for and I told him.  He started speaking, in another language, to one of the barbers who was not cutting anyone's hair at the time and before he even finished the barber shook his head saying no.  The head barber tried to explain that I only wanted my sides trimmed and he again shook his head.  At that point I told the head barber that I don't want him to cut my hair if he doesn't want to.  He then called over another barber and he immediately said he doesn't cut female hair. At that point I decided to go somewhere else.  I was extremely uncomfortable and never felt welcomed.  I ended up going to Public Cuts N Styles and they were awesome!!
5	The review that convinced me to come in was the girl who bashed the place for wanting to cut only mens hair.Guys require different techniques than girls.  And a good barber can't be beat.My barber was Jacob.  This guy is the real deal!  I had almost given up hope finding a good spot in Phoenix - I was used to the amazing barbers in Chicago.This is the place to go for an amazing cut, beard trim, and razor finish.  Nice work guys!
5	My last review was from about a month ago.  I just came back in, got Jacob, and again the best cut and bear clean up I have been able to find in Phoenix.This place is great - everyone there is very friendly, and great to hang out with while they make to I look good.Finally found my barber.
5	I've been going to Jacob for a few months now and I could not be happier. This guy knows how to cut hair better than anyone I have ever been to, being from Phoenix. Every time I go in and see him, he treats me like family and is nothing but polite. He listens to what you want, and makes it happen. If you are looking for a side part, or even a traditional, professional hair cut, Jacob is your guy.
5	My last review was from about a month ago.  I just came back in, got Jacob, and again the best cut and bear clean up I have been able to find in Phoenix.This place is great - everyone there is very friendly, and great to hang out with while they make to I look good.Finally found my barber!Nice.
