5	"Lead me not into temptation, for I can find it all by myself!"  And, indeed, I have!!!  Looks like Santa arrived early this year... on Nov 18 to be exact, since that's the day Michael Kors opened its outlet store just 20 mins from my house at Concord Mills.  I went in on last Sunday and was immediately thrown into a sea of luscious handbag nirvana, and dared to safely swim back to shore without making a purchase.  And, I did... well, almost!Ontonya, one of their well-trained "retail seducers" was kind enough to put a purse on hold for me while I went home to contemplate the financial sin I was about to commit.  And, after careful deliberation, and a call to my financial advisor (my BFF), I returned to the Garden of Eden on last night.  However, unbeknownst to me, I would not encounter the serpent, but instead there was Erin, store manager and "head seductress in charge."  She is not to be played with...she has years of retail experience on how to take your cash, and she's not afraid to use it!  So, after she laid on her kinder, gentler tactics of persuasion (not that it took much) of an additional 20% off as an early black Friday discount, on top of the already posted 40% discount, I was leaving the store with a lighter wallet and two, not one, handbags.   I tell ya... how do I repeatedly get myself into these situations (so very rhetorical)???Well, all I can say is if you have to deliberately go against the advice of your financial advisor, you may as well go with reckless abandon at a new spot that still has the new store smell, fantastic and accommodating staff, and an oh-so-enticing selection to lure you into loosening your purse strings (pun intended... hee-hee).  And, in this particular instance, that would unquestionably be the new Michael Kors outlet store at the Mills of Concord... loves it!!!So, I encourage you all to go, shop, purchase, and be merry!  Please join me in retail therapy... because my type of (retail) misery definitely loves company!  Now, if I could just get a David Yurman outlet brought a little closer to me, it would be paradise fulfilled... wink!
1	Make sure..if you buy it, you keep it. No Returns or Refunds..only exchange or store credit
