3	After scoring some last minutes tickets to Hypnosis Gone Wild, I was definitely curious about what the night would entail.It's open seating at this event for the most part and we were seated center staged.  Depending on the night, you'll get either Terry Stokes or Michael Johns.After a few entertaining laughs, the hypnotist will start gathering audience members to join him onstage to see if they can get hypnotized.  The night we went, it took a little while for volunteers to get up there.As he does his little monologue to start the hypnosis process, you can start looking around the audience members and you'll notice a couple of people fade out too.  He'll end up choosing those that have fallen the hardest and begin 'suggesting' different scenarios for the volunteers.  I don't want to give away all the details, but I was definitely laughing.  There's always at least one person who really falls hard and you can't believe what people will do up there! The downside is that if you volunteer and you're chosen, you're on stage the whole time.  The only way for you to see what happened is to buy the DVD from that performance.  And for your sake, you probably should, otherwise you'll never really understand why all your friends will continue laughing at you!  It would probably be interesting to watch this again to see how different people react under the hypnosis.Hypnosis Gone Wild has shows nightly at 11 pm everyday.  21 and over only.  Tickets are $39.95/pp.Sidenote: I also saw "Mesmerized" and found that one to be a bit more entertaining.
5	I love Terry's shows, I've seen him countless times at the Sacramento state fair, and on this adventure, I actually got to go up and be on stage.It was amazing (ok, so what I've seen from the video) and a ton of fun, not only for me, but for all the people who were with us.You can get tickets to this show from Tickets for Tonight, and save yourself some $.   Way way fun, and it's never the same show twice.
2	BORING!  I went there because Tropicana gave me free tickets.  Its a small dingy little performance room, with a barely cobbled together stage.  The guy gets a few laughs out - but is hardly original or witty.  Its more like 13 year old sex-based knock knock jokes.  Would not recommend anyone to waste their time watching this "'show'" even if you get cheap tickets.
5	I went to the show out of scientific curiosity and with a lot of skepsis. Well, I witnessed that after a couple of minutes a group of seemingly intelligent people is transformed into a bunch of suggestible zombies that do nasty things. Beware: this is an adult show. If you're easily offended, don't go there.  As for December '09 the show is called "Hypnosis Unleashed" and is performed in Las Vegas Tropicana
