4	Finally! I've found a good smoothie place in the area! The smoothie I got here was awesome, and (gasp) made with real fruit!! They've got so many selections to choose from and they all sound delicious. I got one from their 'healthy' menu, it was called Blueberry Heaven - it was blueberries, banana, Protein Blend & honey. I couldn't drink the thing fast enough! Total brain freeze, but so worth it. My second choice would have been pomegranate punch, which had apple juice and soy protien, and for my third it would probably be the Go Goji, which had kiwi and mango in it. They also sell Luna Bars, Clif Bars and other power bars and healthy snacks. Reasonably priced, really clean, and friendly staff. I will be going back for more smoothies!
4	Smoothie King is located on the 2nd floor of the Epicenter, right next door to Breugger's Bagels. They open conveniently at 7am, and the service was prompt and friendly.The smoothies are waaaaay better than Robeks or Jamba. But like any smoothie place I find it extremely expensive. My 20 ouncer came out to a whopping $5.... I could have gotten a coffee AND a bagel sandwich at Breugger's next door. There are 3 sizes, plenty of smoothie varieties and enhancers (99 cents each). They also sell snacks like cookies, protein bars, Luna Bars (yum!), and banana breads - but they're all marked up and pretty high in calories. For cheap energy bars, go to Trader Joes.Make sure you order your smoothies without their added sugar and you'll save 100+ calories. I haven't tasted it with the Turbinado, but without the added sugar it tastes plenty sweet.
4	Despite the earlier review, this Smoothie King is actually located in the One Wachovia (now Wells Fargo) building, on the plaza level.  Since it is adjacent to the Childress Klien YMCA, I am often drawn here for a healthy post-workout shake.The 'King is a chain, with several other locations throughout the area.  The menu is a standardized but plentiful list of fruit-based smoothies broken down by general category of what you might be looking for.  For example, if you are looking for a sweet splurge, try the Indulgence category.  Want something lighter?  Try the Trim Down category.  Along with your mix of fruits and juices you can also add on any of an number of supplements or 'enhancers.'  All the usual suspects here- vitamins, caffeine, anti-oxidants, fiber-blend.  If this is your bag, you can pump up the nutritional value (and price) of your smoothie.  You can also ask to have any smoothie made "skinny" whereby they leave out the honey and/or turbinado.  I actually prefer this, as you can taste the actual fruit in the drinks and they are not so cloyingly sweet.  For those a little more hard-core, they also offer smoothies with the powdered supplement packages such as MetRx meal replacements.  You have a choice among three different sizes and the prices go up as you go bigger and the hike is not a good deal till you get to the biggest monster, a 40 oz. but then what single person needs a 2.5 pound smoothie?Besides smoothies, the store also has a small bulk food set-up with snacks such as gummies, yogurt covered pretzels and a number of fruit and nut mixes.  Prices are by the ounce and can get a little pricey as there is no nearby scale to check your purchase till you get to the register.  They also sell of host of supplement bars and others snacks, many vegan or low carb.  All preparation is quick and, unless there is a line, I am rarely in the store more than 5 minutes.  Nice and snappy, and the staff doesn't spend time trying to up-sell anything.  Just know that even the small size smoothie is going to run you about $4.50.  At about $2,00 to step up to a medium.  Prices of other snacks are also a little higher than you might find elsewhere.  This tends to be the going rate, however, at other smoothie shops in the area.  Makes me want to grab my Vitamixer and set up shop somewhere, but such is the price for convenience I suppose.
3	Noone is really friendly here, they act like highschool kids and this is their only job option.  BUT if you need a smoothie this is a great location located right outside Arthurs.  A medium is huge so I would not recommend the large unless you are splitting it with someone (and add some rum while you are at it!!)I only go when I have bogos because they are very expensive, the medium Angel Food is at least $7 bucks but keep the addons low and it wont get too pricey.
4	I love the smoothies, even though the cost is outrageous.  The skinny angel food is my personal favorite - around 250 calories for the smallest size.  Still a hefty amount of calories to expend on a drink, but it's very filling.  I tried it with the protein booster, but that diluted the flavor considerably.  The small size is around $4.50 (20 oz).  Right now (April 2015), they're running a Friday special:  $5 for a 32 oz. which is a great deal.  Service is fast and friendly.  Location is convenient (overstreet mall level of One Wells Fargo).
