5	This is easily my favourite Chinese restaurant in Edinburgh.  It's hugely popular with the local Chinese community who flock here every night of the week because the food is just so authentic.  When I first came here it was unlike any other dining experience I've had.  The reason it's got 'Hotpot' in the name is because they stick a steaming cauldron of salted broth in front of you and you then order raw ingredients which you then cook inside it.  Now, surely this defeats the point of going out for a meal, but it's actually a great concept.  It's a lot easier than it sounds and you just stick in whatever you think might work (they offer recommendations)  and then eat it when you think it's ready.  I went for chicken with lemongrass, chilli and coriander which was actually really tasty and didn't take as long as I expected for it to cook.  They have a very plush wine list and some seriously stylish decor inside.  However, it certainly isn't pretensious and it's a great place to come for a meal off the beaten track.
4	My husband and I love going to Hot Pot places and only get the opportunity when we are in a big city like Edinburgh or London. Xiang Bala had a decent selection for the all-you-can-eat menu and had a nice choice of broths, although we saw the special board after we ordered.  I give it 4 stars considering all restaurant experiences in Edinburgh, but only 3 stars as a Hot Pot venue.  I like the buffet of sauces, but I didn't like the inconsistency of portion size.  The first time we ordered 2 meats, they shared a plate, the next time we ordered 2 meats we received two full plates, twice as much!  I felt bad that we didn't eat it all and wasted food.  I'd definitely go again, but wouldn't be my main hot pot spot if I were in NYC Chinatown or even London.
1	To be honest, the food there is not very clean, all the food you ordered is in one big plate, no matter it is seafood or vegetables. In addition, the tables are greasy. They still charged 2 pounds for 2 person's set. I felt sick in half eating but continued to finish. The waiter was nice, but the hot pot was really not tasty. I will give it 40 out of 100.
