5	Amazing! I got the salted carmel and chocolate chip, they were both delicious.i was lucky enough to meet the owner during my visit, she was very friendly and accommodating. I have found my new go-to gelato spot:)
4	Salty carmel was great, so different that I've ever had, and had it with some lemon.  What a great combination.  the lady there even let me use my Groupon that I had bought for their Mesa location.  She was really nice and i do appreciate the great service and wonderful gelato.
5	The Gelato place in the East Valley!  Family owned, delicious and they have some unique flavors.  Try this place if you like Gelato!
2	Good Gelato, but the atmosphere leaves much to be desired.  The bathroom was a mess, the decor is unpainted plywood, and the owner/server is not a pleasant personality.  She hurried my 4yr old daughter's selection in an unfriendly manner, even though there was no one else in the shop, and there is a lot to choose from.Puzzling when you realize that there is another Gelato shop nearby that provides a much better experience.
5	Friendly staff and good gelato, what more could you ask for.
5	Thanks to my friend Groupon, I found the best gelato shop in Arizona. I have tried a lot of different gelato shops over these past few months and this one is by far the best most authentic gelato shop I have been to, that wasn't in Italy. The owners of this shop and the one located in Mesa, learned to make gelato and worked in gelato shops in Italy, making this the most authentic gelato you will find on this side of the Atlantic. We came in here the first time a couple of weeks ago to redeem our groupon. There was no one else in here at the time, and I will admit the owner seemed a little unfriendly at first, but she warmed up eventually. My husband and I both got large sizes with three flavors each. I got root beer, pistachio, and amaretto. All were amazing. The flavor and texture of the gelato was the best I have ever had. The crispy cookie that is stuck in your gelato is so good! So flaky and delicious. We also decided to get a cannelloni, which is filled on site while you wait. We should have eaten it right away but we took it home and stuck it in the fridge to eat the next day, which just made the pastry soggy and I didn't enjoy it that much. I have never really been a fan of cannelloni anyways. The second time we came was this weekend after dinner. This time I decided on a waffle cone with roasted almond, pumpkin, and amaretto again. All flavors were delicious. The cone houses way too much ice cream though. I had to struggle to finish the whole thing. So I probably wont get such a large size again. My husband got a gelato shake, and my mom and niece shared a single cone with chocolate gelato. The price of the gelato here is the cheapest out of any shop I have been to. Which makes it easy to go for the larger sizes. The flavors are also color coded to indicate what ingredients are in each flavor (for food allergies). There is a sign on the counter detailing what each of the colors mean. This shop is pretty far from our house, and the one in Mesa isn't any closer either. Hopefully one day they will open a shop in Chandler! *Cross my fingers*. This gelato is amazing, and you wont be disappointed.
5	Phenomenal gelato! We love to come here every couple of weeks, even got a birthday cake thing that was amazing and they're family owned which we always try to support first!
2	There's a new sheriff in town, and it isn't this place.First, there was an odd smell when we first walked in.  No idea what it was, but it wasn't a "fresh" smell, shall we say.  The display fruit that was supposed to show the flavors of the various offerings were rotten. Possibly an oversight except when we tried to be helpful and point it out the lady (owner?) seemed annoyed instead of appreciative or even embarrassed.   I mean, seriously...the orange slice was dried-out.  The mango half was nearly black.  Yuck.  And it was resting on top of the mango gelato.  Double-yuck.On to the gelato. It was ok. The flavors were mild but nice.  My wife did make mention that the pistachio was very good.  My limoncello was very mild.  Not bad, but not bold either.  Usually gelato flavors are bolder.The portion was much smaller than one normally gets in a gelato shop.  I'd estimate 30% less than typical in most places. Frankly, there is a much better shop with friendlier employees, tastier gelato, and bigger cups (at almost the same price) less than a mile away. This shop may have been the best in the area before, but they definitely aren't now.  Yes, there's a new sheriff in town, and they're less than a mile up the road from Dolce Vita.As I said, the gelato was ok. But the bar has been raised, and Dolce Vita just doesn't clear it.  Not impressed.
3	Good gelato. I've been in twice once I bought a cupcake next door and wanted espresso to go with it. They said they couldn't sell it because it was sold next door. So I took my cupcake next door and asked her if I could get an espresso then asked if I could eat my cupcake in the store with it, she gave me a very annoyed 'yes'. A few months later, I took my boys after school one day we got gelatos and I got an espresso. The woman was the same one as previous so I asked if she was the owner she said yes, I asked how was business (I come from a small business family) she made it clear it was none of my business to be asking! Okay. No problem. (I really wasn't asking for your balance sheet - just friendly conversation - it's okay to lie.)Luckily the gelato is good. I bought the groupon too. I guess I'll be going back. One more time at least.
5	Always friendly and always good!  Love the variety of flavor options. I especially like trying the new ones. Their coconut is the best!!
5	Love love love!!! The gelato is great and the staff is always friendly!
5	My daughter and I love this place. The owner isn't the overly friendly but she is polite and always willing to let us try several flavors since they are constantly putting out new ones. The decor is simple and even has a little play area for kids. The Gelato is AWESOME so flavorful and always a big variety of flavors. We have also gotten a Gelato cake that was delicious but that was kind of pricey.
2	The gelato was good but the service wasnt. a rudeteenager helped us. She was annoyed when weasked for samples and hounded us to keep our spoons. veryunpleasant
5	Great gelato. The lemoncello was refreshing on a hot day. The girl behind the counter was very friendly and more than willing to let us sample several of the flavors. Next time we're in the area and want gelato we know where to go.
3	Yup, ok just about sums it up. There was nothing stand-out about this shop other than the little play area for kids, but as a happily childless woman, this does nothing for me.At least this place knows how to cater to their target demographic: Gilbert housewives wiling away time at San Tan. This is why I was mostly disappointed with Gelato Dolce Vita. Not enough authentic Italian flavors. Instead, there's Oreo, Snickers, and Butterfinger. At least have the decency to stock pistachio!I ended up getting the amaretto (good) and salted caramel which didn't have any salt flavor and tasted mostly like butter. Their gelato isn't as rich as I would expect. It's more like ice cream.I saw another comment about the smell in the shop, and I agree that something is off. It smells like a bleach cleaning solution instead of having that enticing sweet aroma of an ice cream shop.
2	Not my favorite gelato place by far.  The gelato was icy and was more like the consistency for ice cream of frozen yogurt.  Felt rushed by the person at the counter.  Not really any reason to go back but not terrible.
5	We were having dinner near our motel in Gilbert and happen to notice Gelato Dolce Vita across from the restaurant.  After dinner we wandered over for a little dessert and are we glad we did!   The espresso gelato was probably the best i've ever had.  It was light and flavorful.    I asked the owner where they got the gelato from and she said they made it there!   A very nice selection of flavors also.  It was hard to decide but she offered us samples of any flavor we wanted before we decided.    If you are in the neighborhood, it's worth a stop!
