4	This is only for their shoe collection and most importantly, customer service.So I was in need of some black knee length boots for work and a good place to go to is Hottie's World.  It's right next to Target off of Maryland Pkwy and Flamingo. When I went in there, I was so happy they have boots that's left over from the winter season so I quickly bought them without any hesitation. During checkout I notice there's a big sign saying, "NO CASH OR CREDIT REFUND. ONLY EXCHANGE AND STORE CREDIT." And I thought I wasn't gonna return it but it didn't match well with my working outfit thus I had to go back to HW the following day. Even without my receipt, they still happily accept my shoes and welcome me to try out other items. So I stayed for couple hours this time to see if I can find the perfect work heels for another place I work at. And my goodness, the collection of heels that they have is TO DIE FOR and inexpensive too! So much to choose from, so much to try on.. this will be staple as one of the best place to shop for stylish shoes. One of the retail associates, I forgot to ask for her name but she was this cute, young African American female who was so patient and friendly with me that accompanied me with every pairs of shoes that I wanted to try on and this went on for like an hour or so. (Ya can't really blame a girl for wanting comfortable AND sexy heels. It's hard to find. -_-)  But anyways, she was such a sweetheart! I should of gave her a tip! (Yes I do tip retail associates.) And at last, I finally picked my absolute ideal work shoes! Hurray hurray! Exchanges are final but I have no intentions in returning my heels other than spending my remaining credits on something else which expires in 90 months. Boy I never felt so satisfied and happy from shopping at a clothing store for such a long time! Definitely returning soon!!!
4	Their clothes are decent but some of their really cute jeans are like 98 bucks! The jewels on them look like they will fall off! But it has some really cute clothes for cheap but the employees will ask you if you need help once and then hide.
3	There are some cute chother but the quality is somewhat cheap. Some of the clothes are over priced for the low quality. The staff and service is ok but they seem to be MIA at the dressing room. I had to search for someone to help me into a dressing room. Its ok and nothing to write home about.
3	When you're going to Target, make a quick stop here, too.Cheap and cute dresses, shoes, purses, eyelashes and bling for the clubs. Cute flats for around $20. Standard clubbing clothes for around $15-30.
4	This place always has cute stuff & plenty of stuff on sale. If you are looking for a quick easy CHEAP club look, this is the place for you! Lots of accesories, sunglasses, shoes, even a big selection of eyelashes!
1	I bought a pair of shoes there... They gave me the right shoe the correct size and the left one is a size smaller... They refuse to exchange them or give me the correct size because it was a final sale... It's my fault the shoes are different sizes...
4	There shoe collection is great! It's more of a club/stripper store! So keep that in mind. Shoe prices are affordable! I bought some 6 1/2 wedge sandals there that I'm just in love with at a great price! I'm very picky when it comes to shoes but when I went in there I literally walked out with like five pairs! They all work great except for one pair of skull gold and white wedge foam sandals that broke after a few times of wear! I'm not a huge fan of their clothes think the prices are a bit high.
