2	i have never had a nicer, happier or  friendlier server in my life. the man was a pure delight. so its somewhat painful to do this, but dont come for the lunch buffet. bland crap bland.  the highlight is the starter, which they serve you before allowing you to go to the buffet. we actually got up to hit the shit out of the buffet but were told that we had to wait til we were served the apps. all good. on the buffet the best were the condiments. the worst would have to be the food. not good. there is a much better indian lunch buffet around the corner that i will suss out and up-star.
5	I've eaten Indian food in many cities in the States. I must say that Suruchi is the best of the best. The decor (after going up narrow stairs to the second floor) and the music had just enough of an Indian feel to give a sense of place without being overwhelming.The food itself was outstanding the service was attentive without being intrusive. I'm hoping to return to Edinburgh for next year's festival, and Suruchi (being directly across from the Festival Theatre) is at the top of my "must return" list.Thanks for a memorable meal
2	I think I might have to give this place another chance - I will provide my experience here, but I can't say if this is the norm.Basically, I arrived before the rest of my fellow diners.  I didn't know if there would be four of five people in total, which apparently wasn't useful to the staff member, who instead of giving me a table which could potentially seat five, made me sit by the door until everyone else arrived.  It took a while for our waiter to take our orders, and when we finally received our food, I was not particularly impressed with what arrived, especially considering the prices.  I ordered the Navratan Kofta, and pretty sure I got the Palak Kofta Makhani instead...by the time we got our food, though, I was too hungry to send it back.  The dumplings were absurdly salty, to the point where I almost couldn't eat them.  On the other hand, my dining companions seemed to enjoy their dishes, including some tandoori shrimp.  After we finished eating, we wanted to order some desserts, but after waiting over 45 minutes to have our plates cleared (and even then we had to hail a waiter down to do that) we didn't have enough time, and just left.I think I'll stick with the Red Fort around the corner from here.
4	Been just the once but was very impressed.The restaurant itself is a little shabby around the edges but the food was delicious.  Would definitely go again.
5	Exceptional Indian food. Good service. Proportions just right. Good variety of starter, Nans, seafood, chicken and lamb. Disappointing the only Gin was Gordon's, wanted Bombay Saphire.Exceptional Indian food, fair price, good proportions, good service. Delicious sea food, chicken, lamb dishes and sppetizers. Only disappointment is they only had Gordon's Gin, wanted Beefeaters or Bombay Saphire. Highly recommended.
4	You know how curry houses can be oddly stressful in communicating your order and such? This place isn't like that. The food got good reviews from everyone at the table and we were all happy with the service and overall experience.The jalfrezi sauce is some of the best I've ever had.  Everything was consistently good. Not the best Indian overall that I've ever had, but I'm really glad we stopped in. We were a group of six and they accommodated us without any trouble or eye-rolling. Reasonably priced and delicious! It was during the Fringe, as well, so the ability to handle a bigger group was impressive.
5	Truly excellent food. Great service. An institution.
4	While I was in Edinburgh, I decided to do a curry tour - to hit a new Indian joint every night in search of the most flavorful and spiciest curry. See, I eat spicy food like most people breathe air. Back home, I get Indian take-away and add both Habaneros and Ghost Pepper Hot Sauce before I eat. So... you know, use that as a frame of reference. Anyway.This was an elegant and classy looking restaurant that had a laid-back and accommodating staff. The prices here were comparable to many in the area but higher than a few gems that I found. Even so, it was a quiet and intimate environment, and the food was GREAT. The flavor of the Vindaloo was excellent. It wasn't, however, very spicy at all. At least to me. I had to request they bring me something to spice up the dish more. When I did, though, they brought me a huge dish of pure chile pepper sauce that - after mixing with my vindaloo - DID make the dish at least moderately spicy. That made me happy.So.... nowhere near the spiciest curry in Edinburgh but a good restaurant that takes care of its customers, and definitely a staff that knows how to make a proper tasting vindaloo. I'd visit again next time I'm in the city.
