5	Do you ever get the feeling when you step into a new business and immediately know you're going to love it? Sweet Lorraine's was like that for me. This bakery just opened (though the official grand opening is on July 14th) and everything is not only made from scratch the day of, but they locally source their ingredients.  For example, the coffee, is roasted right here in Charlotte. The family who owns this business haas such a tremendous story. Michelle told me she's a pharmacist, and her sister was a bond trader in NYC. After their mother passed away, their father sat down to talk to them about the importance of doing what you love. Michelle's sister went to culinary school, worked in NYC, and moved to CLT to be with family.  Fast forward to today and their dream has come true! The location is lovely and bright with big windows and a bit of seating. All the staff are friendly and genuine, and oh yes, the baked goods are simp delicious! I planned on getting only one item, but was tempted to get three. Since the sticky buns were so popular they had sold out and a fresh batch was being baked. So instead, I got a fruit tart, a lemon blueberry muffin and a banana pudding- type dessert. Each and every one of these was fantastic.  The tart was not too sweet with a nice smooth pastry cream base. The fruits were fresh and not over glazed. The crust not too thick either (some places make it like a hockey puck). The muffin, which was recommended to me too was excellent.  Obviously there are real blueberries dotted throughout. But the muffin itself was moist, the top had a nice chew and clean flavor. No strange mouthfeel afterwards when you buy one of those packaged muffins, or ones from Panera.The banana dessert, I only had one bite.  It was fabulous and creamy and flavorful, but after consuming a fruit tart and big muffin, I need a break! (I'll save this for after dinner...or as dinner replacement.)Bottom line, I'm really excited to have Sweet Lorraine open here in Charlotte. In a city saturated with frozen yogurt and cupcakes and day-old baked goods pass as acceptable (I don't even buy the ones at Dean & Deluca, and even when the WF opens, they'll keep pastry in their case for a few days.) Sweet Lorraine's is a great change of pace. Good luck you guys...I'll be back for the cookies, breads, cupcakes and that deliciously shiny and golden brioche that was sitting on the counter. Mmmm!
5	Oh my. I may never need to bake again. I can't say enough about the extreme deliciousness that awaits you at this wonderful new spot.  The raspberry croissant was to die for, as was the bacon cheddar scone. The blueberry and banana muffins were perfect in every way - moist, loaded with fresh fruit, and just sweet enough. I can't wait to go back.  Sweet Lorraine's is just what Dilworth needed!
4	I came to the grand opening and absolutely loved the bread pudding!  I was lucky to get one straight from the oven!  The owner of this joint has such an inspiring story as to why she opened this bakery- make sure you get a chance to chat with her when you go!They offer the most delightful chocolates as well!  Hopefully they'd reorganize their shelving soon so you won't have to kneel down in order to see their chocolate variety.
4	Sweet Lorraine's Bakery opened in Dilworth on East Boulevard last month. This is a very welcome addition to my neighborhood! I attended the Grand Opening and enjoyed tasting lots of the pastry and bread offerings. My favorites include the prosciutto bread, the pecan sticky bun and the cannoli as well as the signature Sweet Lorraine bar - a brownie and blondie stacked together - what could be better? I look forward to returning to try the cupcakes, scones and muffins as well as the cookies. Coffee is available and there are several tables so you can enjoy right there in the store. Chocolates from Courtney Paul Chocolates are also for sale, including a luscious passion fruit ganache in dark chocolate. Welcome to the neighborhood, Sweet Lorraine's!
3	So glad to have a bakery in the Dilworth Southend area!! I wish it were in FreeMoreWest, but probably better for my waistline that it isn't. So my husband is a big fan- he went 7 times in the first week. He raved about the good coffee and pecan sticky buns but complained about the hard-to-see cases (you have to bend way down to see what's in there) and uncomfortable seating.I went in and tried a couple things and hopefully it will be another Amelie's or Sunflour bakery where they add to their offerings and figure out along the way what they're best at and what people respond to.  The pecan sticky bun was, indeed, delicious.  Hubs had raved about their plain croissant and that it was most similar to ones we'd had in France of all places in Charlotte, and they had said it was because they are the only folks in town that hand roll the dough (don't know if that's the case or not). However, when I had it, it was soft and not flaky at all. Perhaps humidity or day old croissant?? Je ne sais pas. We also tried a roll and it was quite dry and dense, so those were half eaten.  Pecan bars are good.  I look forward to trying more and them improving. Their seating is cute but uncomfortable, which is unfortunate because I'd love to meet clients there for meetings.  I think a little tweaking of the arrangement and seating offering could make this place a neighborhood gem. I sure do hope they make it.
3	All right, first of all, I am happy to see another independent bakery open up in Charlotte and I hope Sweet Lorraine's succeeds.Let's start with the GOOD:Attractive and clean interior. Tons of windows with great views of East Boulevard. Baked goods are clearly and attractively displayed. Big variety of baked goods: cookies, muffins, tarts, mini pies, biscotti, bars, bread pudding, mini poundcake loaves, bread loaves, and cake slices. Friendly staff.BAD:Coffee was standard, unsatisfying , and unmemorable. Tea selection consists of bagged Lipton and Tazo. Lipton for goodness sakes! I can get that at home. How about classing up the place a bit with a few loose leaf teas?  For my pastry selection, I got a rainbow bar which was described to me as almond flavored sponge cake with layers of raspberry and apricot jam topped with chocolate ganache. I expected the cake to be light and easy to break apart, but it was not. It was more like a very dense cheesecake and all the flavors mentioned above were immensely subtle. I expected a burst of sensation, but instead I struggled to finish it because I was bored. It was definitely fresh and homemade though. The seating: 5 small circular tables with 2 chairs. It actually reminded me of fancy patio furniture. A couple of chairs spread about, but not really "nesting" chairs. So like I said above, I appreciate a new privately owned bakery, but Sweet Lorraine's is not a place that I would make a special trip to. Perhaps if I were in the neighborhood and I had a baked goods craving I would stop in,  but definitely not  for the coffee or tea.
4	All I have to say is bacon, black pepper scone. Please and thank you.
4	So cozy and yummy desserts. Great place to relax, bring a date, or with a group of friends for a good time. Staff was super nice!
5	I was all set and ready not to like Sweet Lorraine's. I haven't even stepped inside yet and already I have had the.best.cupcake.ever. A friend brought these to a party to I have only sampled this one treat.I love Polka Dot and Cupcake Delirium truck and not so much Gigi's (icing overload). I wasn't going to like this new girl Lorraine with old fashioned name. Holy chocolate covered bacon. I've had this deliciously before but never as perfected balanced of salty and sweet. Not overpowering icing- Jack Daniels cupcake????   I was licking my fingers.
4	Ver nice bakery,the staff very friendly.They have a nice variety of good looking desserts and more.My only complain is that we bought a woopie pie we were told it was caramel pecan and when we got home and try it was pumpkin spice,I can lie I was disappointed.
4	Probably the best 'sweets' bakery I have been to so far in Charlotte.  (Polka Dot Bakeshop has my favorite cupcakes) Most of these bakeries run together and nothing stands out, but I am 3 for 3 with standout items at this place.  1) Tres Leches cupcakes (most unique)2) Napolean (crispy layers) 3) Pecan bar (best staple item) ...oh..and the staff is as nice and friendly as they come.
3	Very good pecan bar-- just the right amount of sweetness and nuts. Flaky crust. The staff was friendly, just not as knowledgeable of the products. Will probably return and try some of the other treats.
5	Fresh breads, souffles, cookies, cupcakes, scones....and the mammoth Sweet Lorraine (brownie on top, cookie on bottom, cookie dough in the middle) -- a hybrid dessert that will improve the general quality of life. All these found under one cozy roof off of East Blvd. I was in the market for something a little sweet and savory to share with my wife and happily found both. I grabbed a small souffle to go along with the Sweet Lorraine. It was small, but packed a ton of flavor. Bacon, eggs, peppers, ham, cheese. Pretty much breakfast in the palm of your hand. They can heat them there or you can take them home to do so yourself. I'd get one again if I stumbled in for an earlier visit. The Sweet Lorraine is awesome. Much better if split between two, maybe three, people and also a glass of milk, cup of coffee, or biscuit. The mix of cookie and brownie works well and the soft center really brings the crispier edges together for an overall welcoming texture. Yes, please, and thank you very much. Prices are very fair. Sweet Lorraine is $4 and is about the size of a softball. Huge. Seriously, good luck eating one by yourself without inducing a sugar coma or rattling teeth. Looking forward to checking out some of the breads and coffee upon next visit. The owner, a native NY transplant, has a neat little concept going here. Ample space to sit down and enjoy a cup of coffee, answer some emails, or just enjoy the cars passing by on East. I'm looking forward to stopping in for an afternoon in the fall and hanging out for a bit. Welcome to the neighborhood, Sweet Lorraines!
4	Hit or miss. This is by far my fav bakery in the Dilworth area (not a fan of Nova at all). Working in the area, my coworkers and I have tried A LOT!  Here is my take:HitCookies, croissants on days the heat does not affect the dough, muffins, almond croissants, cupcakes, sticky buns, browniesMissCakes, scones, fruit tart (not the best crust, a lil too thick)The could def. improve the seating situation and get rid of the rod iron chairs and provide some more comfy seating. Cute spot, really nice staff. I found the owner a bit rude and I've lived in NYC - so no excuse.This is the carolina's...leave your jersey at home lady.
4	Finally made it to the store itself and grabbed a few treats for a dinner party. My chief complaint is that there are no prices listed. They offer coffee but, there is no menu board to know what to order. Yes, I know just ask- but price listing for the treats and drinks would be nice.
5	Mmmmmm!  The Baked goods are Incredible!  Each time I have been here they have new items, some seasonal!  Today (Black Friday) I got a "Chocolate Crinkle" Cookie, covered with Powdered Sugar, incredibly soft and Fresh as they say everything here is!Here are a few of what I have eaten here since my first couple of visits : : Gingerbread, Almond Biscotti, Bacon and Black Pepper Scone, Almond Croissant, Chocolate Croissant, Spiced Rolade Roll and the "Sweet Loraine" one of my favorites [ Imagine a Brownie and Chocolate Chip Cookie combined and you will have something - that is a "Sweet Loraine"] Fantastick!!!Napoleon Wars! Mille-Feuille (The Napoleon) is my Favorite Treat here and even Beats Amelie's Chocolate Dipped Napoleon!This is a comfortable shop to relax and eat sweets!  I Love Bakeries!  My Girlfriend got the Coffee and it is good.  The Service is always Friendly and helpful!Best Ginger Cookies I have EVER Eaten!  Fantastic!The Chocolates I'm not going to review because they might be making their own now...???  They might be really good!?  Someone who works there said they are made in house, so I guess I'll find out more next time when I take my Girlfriend (the truth seems to always come out then)!  The Chocolates they had on my first visit the lady working here said someone locally made them and I thought they were good, not great!
4	I am only able to review the red velvet cupcake I happened to order during a quick drop in after lunch with a friend.  When I first arrived, I was expecting to order a more unique, elegant looking pastry, but then I noticed the red velvet cupcakes and made a quick decision to go for that instead.It wasn't the BEST red velvet cupcake I've ever had, but it was pretty high up there.  The cake was moist and the cream cheese frosting pretty much melted in my mouth.  Definitely 4 stars.The interior of this place would also warrant a 4 star rating.  It was very cute and French-inspired, which I just love.  The guy who helped us out was also very friendly.  Overall, recommended!
5	Seriously phenomenal! I adore sweet treats. So, finding a place that truly is the best of the best and has a huge variety is amazing. The decor was adorable, the staff was friendly and  knowledgeable and the assortment of treats was massive! They had a christmas tree decorated with a variety of ornaments, lots of them being cupcakes and other sweet confections. Between my friends and I, we had the peppermint parfait, red velvet cheesecake and creme brulee. They were all delicious and had us excited about coming back.
4	I came here on my most recent visit to Charlotte.  The place is super cute.  I shared a few desserts with my family.  The napoleon had a great cream, but it's definitely big enough to share with someone else.  The cannoli was rich and delicious, very fresh.  The oreo dessert I had was a little too sweet for me, actually for all of us we could only handle one or two teaspoons of it.  They have an assortment of cupcakes and chocolates but we didn't try any of those.
3	I stopped in here with a friend to get a quick, tasty treat after eating lunch. I'd been wanting to try this place since it is located behind where I work. The atmosphere is cute and there are places to sit in comfy chairs and enjoy your treats however I wasn't that impressed with their selection. I was expecting more options and wasn't that overwhelemd with what they had. I ended up getting a cinnamon roll and my friend had the red velvet cupcake. Both were good but again, nothing that would send me back for more. Good enough, but I was looking for something that I would have to talk myself out of every time I passed their store. Oh well, I guess it's better for this diet I keep trying to start.
4	Sweet Lorraine's is, as it happens, sweetly seated amongst others of its kin of Quirky Businesses in Nifty Houses that line the edges of East Blvd. The inside is charming, cozy but light-filled, and makes good use of the available space. There is not an excess of seating room, but there are a few tables and chairs there for those who wish to stay and dine on their treats. The bakery case is full of temptations of all shapes, sizes and flavors. One suggested improvement that could make the experience that much nicer for this Yelper would be more and improved signage, both in terms of item descriptions and pricing. The woman who helped me was great about answering all of my questions, but I wouldn't have had as many if a few more signs were posted (for example, indicating the day's cupcake flavors, or explaining what the item labeled "Sweet Lorraine" is (a bar composed of a brownie-bottom and chocolate-chip-cookie top)). More signage could have also prevented my slight sticker shock when my two Tres Leches cupcakes rang up for a total of $9.12 (backwards mathing, I guess around $4.25/each? No price had been posted, else I might have scaled back my order.)After some conversation in which I learned that the Tres Leches cupcake is one of their most popular items, and which, in fact, had been demanded to return by customers during a brief period during the holidays when it was removed from the menu, I decided to try this much beloved dessert.Yes, the price is a bit high for a cupcake, but this is no ordinary cupcake. Baked in aluminum cupcake tins, each one clocks in around the size of a baseball - quite a bit larger than their standard cupcakes (which sell for $2.95).  There is a mound of cinnamon-sprinkled whipped cream piped on top of a silky, milk-soaked mess of cake. You cannot peel off the wrapper and eat it with your hands. You cannot rip it in half and turn it into a cupcake sandwich. This is a delicacy that requires a spoon, several napkins, and time for savoring. Where you dig in, sugary cream immediately spills out to fill the void. It is extremely rich; one is enough for a two- or three-part treat, though you would also do well to split it with a loved one. I have about two-thirds of mine left in the fridge for a later date - not because I did not *want* to eat more, but because I could not.I will return to Sweet Lorraine's in the future to try some of their other sweets, many of which come in sizes large enough for sharing, but not so big that they would take days and days to finish off. It is a truly welcome addition to the neighborhood.
5	As a "sweets" person, I am ever fond of local bakeries.  AND *sigh* I have fallen in love with this one.  First off, the staff is always helpful and friendly and the bakery itself just puts a smile on your face as soon as you step inside the "home".  It smells incredible and the line of treats that are decadently displayed just make your mouth water!!!  Oh my!  Their signature treat, the Sweet Lorraine is a delectable combination of buttercream, chocolate chip cookie and brownie....You have been warned, you wil never be the same.
4	I am definitely behind the crowd when it comes to this place! Our office recently bought a cake from here for a co-worker's birthday and it was so wonderful! I went back this week and bought more for my mom's birthday and they were a hit! When I visited, they had many sweets prepared and ready for consumption. They did not have a lot of any one thing (unlike places like Amelie's), but they did have a little of a lot and it made the decision on what to eat much harder. All in all, I believe this is a great find and I can't wait to go back!
4	We saw this bakery while driving to the Charlotte Trolley Museum, and decided to stop on our way back. While at the bakery itself, we sampled a macaron and a chocolate eclair, which were delightful. We took home a raspberry crumb bar and a sort of brownie muffin topped with a chocolate chip cookie and baked together. The crumb bar was OK, but the brownie-cookie was fantastic, rich and complex. I would definitely stop here again!
5	Whoa... I could become diabetic here. And I don't even have a sweet tooth. But occasionally I have a craving for something sweet and Lorraine's can satisfy that. Lets jump right into it - order the signature treat, the Sweet Lorraine. Oh wow this is a delectable combination of a brownie on top, cookie on bottom and sweet buttercream gracing the middle of this sandwich. I usually wrap up half of it, or split it with my friend if they are lucky. You're dentist will thank you for not eating the entire thing in one sugary sitting. And the service is wonderful - these folks really love what they do and appreciate the business. Looking forward to stopping in and sampling the freshly-made bread or maybe a scone (let be honest... both) next time I swing by East Blvd.
5	What a great treat to the Dilworth area. The owners/staff were so sweet! We ordered a variety of treats, and loved them all. Look forward to going back.
5	I went to Sweet Lorraine's Bakery (had a bad experience at Jazzy Cheesecakes, but it was a true blessing in disguise) and will DEFINITELY order from them in the future, as well as refer our friends and family there - they have GREAT costumer service, made an Amazing Custom banana pudding cheesecake at the last minute for us, and were very communicative.
4	Adorable shop, friendly service, and delicious baked goods.  I have tried their Sweet Lorraine (brownie/cookie combo) and it was very good.  I have also tried their baguettes.  The baguette had a nice chewy texture and good flavor.  My favorite item is the Almond Croissant.  It was out-of-this-world delicious!  If I recall correctly, I believe I moaned when I took my first bite...yep, it's THAT good!  It was buttery and nutty and it had crispy edges with a tender flaky inside...perfect!  I'm a big croissant fan and this was one of the best that I have ever had!
5	Sweet Lorraine's saved the day when I had a custom order gone wrong with another bakery in the Charlotte area. They were able to create my custom order in  24 hours, wrap them and even tie up a sweet pink bow.  The cookies were absolutely perfect! Everyone who saw them loved how cute they were and commented on the attention to detail that was paid to every cookie. And they tasted great!The customer service was excellent. Everyone was very helpful and friendly. Thank you thank you thank you for your help in my cookie emergency and I look forward to coming back soon!
5	We couldn't ignore this adorable little place when we walked to brunch at 300 East, so we stopped by afterwards despite being full. It was pretty obvious to the very friendly staff/owner that it was our first time there, and they were more than happy to talk to us about the desserts and baked goods they were selling. The decor and look of the place definitely added to the appeal as well.I ended up buying an opera cake to eat at home, which was placed in a neat little paper box. It definitely looked like quality time was put in to making it look nice (and it tasted good too!). If you have a sweet tooth and are in the area, I definitely recommend a visit!
3	The service, location and interior of Sweet Lorraine's is great!  5 stars.  It's so welcoming inside, although it's oddly quiet (background music might be nice).  I tried a lot of the sweets, but unfortunately wasn't super impressed.  SWEET LORRAINE - This is a combo item with a brownie on bottom and a chocolate chip cookie on top.  It was so dry and hard I found it almost inedible.  In fact, 3/4 of it is still sitting on my counter with no takers.  I could tell that the flavors were nice, but it was either overcooked or too stale.  I actually really love crispy brownies and cookies, but not so hard that I can't cut it with a sharp knife.  While this was touted as one of their specialties, I'd skip it.TRES LECHES CUPCAKE - Also proclaimed a specialty of this bakery, I was excited to try it.  I found it wet and bland.  My brother thought it was good and tasted like Cinnamon Toast Cruch cereal, but I didn't get that.  The cake part is pretty wet and liquid-y, as one would expect from a Leche cake.  The "frosting" was either a marshmallow or merengue. Interesting, but not amazing.LEMON BAR - This was actually perfect.  5 Stars.  Tart and sweet, with a rich buttery crust.  If you like lemon bars, get this.  It's great.  And best eaten cold.COOKIE - Unfortunately, the best thing I had from here was a cookie that I didn't photograph and can't remember the flavor.  It had pecans, like their version of a pecan sandie.  It was so good I couldn't stop myself from stuffing it in my face like I was starving.  CUPCAKES - STRAWBERRY with GANACHE FILLING and CHOCOLATE BUTTERCREAM - Generally, I didn't think the buttercream frostings were very flavorful.  They were light and creamy, but didn't have the rich butter flavor I like in a good buttercream frosting.  The strawberry flavor was indiscernible and the ganache was too small of an amount to taste.  Not a fan of this flavor.  Although I will admit that all of the cupcakes I tried were soft and fresh.  Which unfortunately is sometimes unusual at cupcakeries.  PASSIONFRUIT with BUTTERCREAM FROSTING - Again, the buttercream was tasteless, but the passionfruit cake was really tasty!  Tart and citrusy, the flavor of the cake really shone.  RED VELVET with WHITE CHOCOLATE CREAM CHEESE FROSTING - The cake was not memorable, but the frosting was very good.  I'd love to get a passionfruit cupcake with this white chocolate cream cheese frosting.  If I had, maybe I'd have given 5 stars.  LEMON BLUEBERRY MUFFIN - The flavors were really great.  I definitely tasted the lemon, and the fresh blueberries popped.  But it was hard.  :/  The whole muffin was dense and hard.  I was not tempted to eat a second bite.  Because the service was so nice and the interior was so welcoming, and because I can tell this is a local shop that I'd love to support, I will be back to try a few different items.  Hopefully I will find a few that I can't live without.
4	I stopped here on my way back from a friends place. Tres leeches cupcake was fantastic. Super moist and great flavor. I'll be back.
4	A bit too sweet for my taste, but has a pretty good selection.
1	I placed a special order for my sisters baby shower and I currently live out of town...emailed exactly what I wanted with "instructions as to how to make the special design I requested" - I sent this email with the question if they could successfully recreate the cupcakes in the instructional and they were confident they could...only to arrive the day of the shower to hear "we couldn't do the design you requested with the icing we use, it's too soft so here's a white chocolate disc placed on top of the icing on the cupcake...plus the red velvet cupcakes were separating on top and sides of the cupcake from over baking. Given that I emailed 2 weeks in advance and requested the specific design and was told it could be done, I even more so feel that I should have been contacted to inform me that they could not give me what I asked for so I could have called other places but hey, at least they got their money (minus the extra charge for the design - how nice of them to remove that)...apparently that was all that mattered...not that these were for a special occasion and the customer was completely dissatisfied...I will be moving to the Charlotte area soon but I can assure you, I won't be coming back here...
3	Went here on a whim with a buddy because we were craving cheesecake. But alas they didn't have any cheesecake at that moment (although the kind woman behind the counter said they usually do). Great location on east boulevard. The inside is fairly small and nothing too aesthetically pleasing.I waffled back and forth between the naked cake and the dream cake. Ended up going with the dream cake which had a pink outer layer made of marzipan, a white cake middle with coconut cream and apricot gel. It sounded amazing! The only thing was... It was WAY too sweet. I could only stomach a few bites. I know I know, it's a cake... It's supposed to be sweet. But I think I got a cavity on the first bite. Maybe next time I'll try a cookie... They looked good! All in all it was a good experience. The employees were kind and as an added bonus we noticed a bunch of people gathering on east boulevard and ended up finding ourselves at the Greek festival!
4	What a great bakery!!  I cannot believe it took me so long to stop in!!  I had the most difficult time trying to pick just one or two things to try.  Everything looked awesome and they had some very unique baked goods!  I saw a cinnabun muffin/cupcake thing that looked delicious!  It was oozing icing and screaming my name.  I refrained....at least from that one.  I sarted just drooling over the cupcakes, the cookies (chocolate crinkle, sugar, chocolate chip, snickerdoodle, etc.)  Then I saw lemon bars and cream cheese filled danishes, croissants, mini s'mores pies, oh my!I ended up with a couple cookies and what they call the "sweet Lorraine."  I can totally see what this yummy goodness is named after their entire shop.  It deserves that name.  It deserves to have a shop named after it.  It deserves to be the signature sweet of Charlotte.  I can't quite describe it but it was like a brownie/cookie combo.  It was like a deep dish brownie with a chewy chocolate chip cookie topper.  It was everything you want in a cookie and brownie but yet combined.  It was heaven.The owners are so friendly and work hard to make everything unique and top of the line in terms of quality.  The price is right too!  Also, check out their homemade granola.  One bag for $5 and it looked great!!
5	I love Sweet Lorraine's! As previously mentioned the staff are too sweet and definitely recommended a great selection on my last visit. So, my Mom was in the hospital the week before Thanksgiving so having to cook the entire meal I knew Sweet Lorraine's would deliver and allow me to cheat on something for the meal. I arrived Wednesday prior to the big day around 1:00, without placing an order. No worries there, they had the case stocked with a variety of sweet treats, in addition to their daily breakfast pastries, cookies, etc.  I decided to try a variety of items as they had mini pies. I ordered two pumpkin pies, a s'more pie, the pumpkin roulade and cannoli'so for Wednesday night, as we enjoy an Italian meal the night before Thanksgiving.  Unlike other bakeries the cannoli'so were not pre-filled. They were filled fresh upon ordering.As for the taste, OMG. I truly loved the cannoli and s'mores pie! And, the other treats were great too! I will be sure to take a trip to East Blvd. next time I need a sweet treat!
