3	I'm not a huge fan of the Mills but happen to be picking up something from Neimans and I decided to do a lap since there weren't too many people around. I'm glad I walked through and saw this place because it saved me the trip of going down to Mojo on Mill. They charge .39cents an oz. you serve your self, kind of a copycat Mojo, but who cares right, all these yogurt places seem to be alike. Interesting flavors to choose from like Horchata and the Ever Amazing Honeydew Tart!! Actually they had quite a few tart flavors I can't recall at the moment but after tasting several I decided to go with a trio of Original Tart, Honeydew Tart and Sugar Free Blueberry (see pics) I didn't get any toppings because quite frankly the fruit ones were not that fresh looking and honestly I've been preferring my yogurt without any lately anyway. The Yogurt was delicious and the creamy blueberry was a perfect match to cut through the two tarts that joined it. I have to dock stars for the not so fresh fruit and unfortunately the location.But I would venture back in for that Honeydew Tart!
5	I was visiting some family in the area and was happy to stumble upon some self-serve yogurt. I'm a huge fan of yogurt, but i hate those places that charge you a ridiculous amount for each topping you pick. I love that you get to pick which toppings you want and how much of each you want. This was great yogurt for a very affordable price. I would recommend checking out this place...just be careful about going over board with the toppings. i always seem to get overly excited with picking my own toppings and get more than i can eat :)
3	It was pretty good, I had the mixed berries,original tart and honeydew with mochi and strawberries. Fruit was frozen though :-sI like tart yogurt, sweet not as much ( although I loved the taro flavor from Zwirl) so pretty much I am a fan of all this yogurt places:) Still, Pinkberry is the best in my book, so I'm still hoping for one to open in AZ
3	Was it good? Yes. Very satisfying given the heat and my tiredness. However, in comparison to the plethora of delicious frozen yogurt places that dot the Phoenix/Valley landscape. I wasn't super impressed. They only had about 8 flavors, and nothing creative or interesting, which is what I've grown to love about local fro-yo places.I do give them credit for having not one, not two, but THREE mochi flavors...however, the cost, lack of yogurt flavors, and the high schooler texting on her cell phone when I walked into the shop keep it down at a respectable three stars.
1	In the mall and decided to get some Thai tea from Yoyo. Tea was not ready and took 20 min to make. Upon receiving our Thai tea it was not sweet at all ( made wrong ). If something is on the menu staff really should know how to make it right. Ended up throwing it away after a couple sips. Yes, I should have know better then to buy Thai tea from a non Thai restaurant.
1	HORRIBLE owner, learn some customer service skills please!!!
