1	HORRIBLE!! i would like to give this place 0 stars! went in and ordered 2 slices of pepperoni pizza and a chicken parm sandwich...they told us it would be 25 mins! we paid and sat there for over 45 MINUTES!! this unorganized crappy service pizza joint is garbage...the delivery driver made 2 deliveries while we were sitting there waiting on 2 slices and a sandwich CMON really...so i thought maybe the food was worth the wait. NOPE the pizza tasted kinda rubbery and the chicken parm wasnt even chicken parm, it was some chicken thigh pieces that were coated w a grip of cheese and sauce-no breading...and the bread was sogggggyyyyy...worst ever! im not a big review person but i gotta warn people. only went here bc someone wrote a good review- they were sooo lying...dont waste your time or money!!!
3	I was spoiled growing up in Buffalo, NY. Every mom and pop shop in town had the BEST pizza and the BEST wings. Living out here in Vegas we have struggled to find something similar. We are still searching. That being said, the pizza at 911 is decent (we have ordered it a couple of times from here). The sauce is good and they don't skimp on the cheese. Recently we tried the hot wings. We ordered them extra crispy (this is how every wing in Buffalo is served) and they were far from it! (they seemed baked rather then fried too). The flavor was good but they were NOTHING like a real Buffalo wing. We also tried the potato skins...pretty good, but a little too heavy on the bacon. We will probably still order here on occasion (meaning football Sundays) because like I said, the pizza is decent and the delivery is free.Oh....and they have an item on the menu called chicken cordon bleu balls!! Makes me laugh just saying it!!!
4	Great pizza!!!! Very friendly staff!!! Lots of bang for your buck.If you are looking for great pizza in SW las Vegas, look no further. Why pay for crappy pizza from pizza hut or dominos?Support our local businesses.Save American business. Shop local!!!Don't give your $$$ to giant corporations. Thanks 911 pizza!!!
4	Had 2 pizzas and some sides delivered, it was somewhat expensive, at like $57. The Pizza was pretty good, but I didn't feel like it was that much for your buck. Overall, pretty good pizza, a little expensive.
