5	This is a shaved ice hut, that is fast, friendly and great. The usually have buy 1 get another free coupons in mailers and the Sunday paper. This helps on the price. BEWARE. They are closed on Sunday. We found this out walking over from Sushi Creek (same plaza, has happy hour all day Sunday) for dessert. What they call a bahama mama is a shaved ice with blue bell ice cream in the bottom. It's worth the extra 1.50$. Our favorite so far is "rootbeer float". It's a scary green/yellow color but tastes amazing.
5	Bahama bucks is a great place with nice employees. Clean shop (the shop chain is kept up very well) and easy going. I can get 2 smalls (one small is sufficient for one person) for about $6.50.
3	My friends know of my sweet affinity, ok maybe it is an obsession with shaved ice.   So much so that I have a small ice shaver at home, make my own syrups and if I am out I can't pass up the opportunity.  Whether it is a snow cone at the fair, a Mexican Raspado, Hawaiian Shave Ice, Asian Diamond Ice or ...hell just about every culture has some form of icy treat...I was jonesin' at work for a shaved ice one super hot weekend and after a quick online search I found this to be the closest place.  Tucked in to the corner of a strip mall with mostly closed shops it can be easy to miss. I walk in to a list of so many flavors flavors.  The kid at the place couldn't have been  barely 16.   He was distracted by the movie Gnomio and Juliet playing in the dinning/seating area behind me. Initially it didn't bother me because I was trying to decide what flavors I wanted. But when I mentioned I wanted the super sized 44oz Shaved ice the movie kept distracting him from his shaving duties.  The ice was shaved just right, soft, light and smooth.  But I should have known better than to go 44 oz of High Fructose Corn Syrup flavor, I am so spoiled with my own natural concoctions.  I decided on Tuti Fruity and Marshmallow.   The marshmallow was good the tuti fruity tasted like chemicals and 2 hours later, my skin was crawling as I came down from my HFCS fix. If jonesin' I would go back...
