4	Great selection here, it's sort of a bitch to park but you'll figure it out. Supporters of local glass pieces is what i like, they got local glass native to AZ. & also some top notch Oregon glass too. The staff is cool, not trying to make sales on you but ready to provide assistance & knowledge of products within the place. This place blows away crap like Trails or Hippie Gypsy. You get better prices, more unique pieces, and don't have to deal with a shit ton of morons shopping for patchouli incense.
4	So I don't smoke weed or cigarettes but occasionally I do like to bust out my Hookah or Shisha when my friends are over. I was introduced to the Hookah almost 10 years ago and over the past year I have developed a renewed interest in it.My friends and I have stopped in at Coughing Canary (the Smoke Shop) a handful of times to pick up some tobacco and charcoal. We've never been disappointed....although on 2 separate occasions while smoking in my living room, I dumped over the Hookah and spilled the lit coals, burning my carpet. Dang. That's my fault. Maybe with the cooler weather I'll figure out a set-up on my patio.Last night we ran up to Coughing Canary again for the usual and to try some new flavors. The guy working there was so concerned with his mobile that he was really of no help at all. Also, we wanted to buy a second hose for my Hookah, but I noticed that the only adaptor he showed me was too large in diameter to fit mine. He assured me it was universal. Well it didn't work. I went back today, just sure as hell that I was gonna have to become irate because the 2 pieces I bought were useless. On the contrary, I was told that the store was under new ownership and they are determined to elevate their customer service. (The guy from last night wasn't there today.) So, they made it right. Kickass!When I can afford it, I plan on upgrading to a better quality Hookah and this will more than likely be where I buy it. Until then, my friends and I will continue buying our tobacco and tobacco accessories from Coughing Canary!
5	These guys rock. Top notch customer service and a great price. We don't go anywhere else.
4	This locally owned smoke shop was surprisingly opened late as I needed to grab a pack of elements after leaving a nearby bar.They had a variety of options for me to choose from and the staff was very helpful. The shop can be seen off the main road but parking is located in the back. I only knew because i was next door at yucca. They do not offer discounts to marijuana card holders but I haven't found a headshop in Az that does.
5	This is my favorite smoke shop.They have the best deals and the best products. Their pieces are so well blown and there are so many different designs and shapes and colors. The employees areAwesome too. Always helpful and chill. They're also open until 2 am on weekends which is real convenient. 12 on weekdays I believe. Check this place out you won't regret it.
5	I've watched this family owned business open it's doors and now has turned into THE head shop. You should have no problems finding what you WANT and in STOCK.
3	First off I want to say this store has an amazing selection. Also really nice products. Prices seem a bit high but then again they have a lot of staff.Their staff however leaves a lot to be desired. I'll focus on each point.Grooming and hygiene: Most of the staff, I should say male staff, look like they just rolled out of bed. Almost always seem like they are half asleep. Clothes are stained or have holes. Noticeable worn with no continuity for a professional look.Attitude: Most of them have a terrible attitude and will insult each other in front of you at anytime. It is obvious it's not playful banter. Very few smiles and almost all of them are slouching at all times.Customer Service: Good luck trying to get them to make and maintain eye contact with you. I was treated mostly as an annoyance then a valued customer. Very unwilling to answer questions and if they don't know, rather then finding the answer or seeking assistance, they'd rather leave it at 'I don't know". I got sighed at, waved off by the guy sitting at the entrance, passed to another representative without a proper salutation. Basically treated as a big inconvenience.Story: It's Black Friday. My friends and I came in with the full intent on purchasing an e-cig for my friends birthday. We wanted it to be nice. A 'damn the expense' sort of mindset. After going in we go directly to the e-cig counter and told the merchant we would like to purchase an e-cig and immediately started looking at the most expensive one in the store. We wanted to be sold here. With re-assurance that what were purchasing was exactly what we wanted. The merchant treated us like a mass inconvenience. We had questions, concerns, and most of all we wanted to be sold. We did not get that experience at all. We basically had to look at every e-cig they had and do bits of research right there on our phones. The merchant treated us with a "hurry up and buy" sort of attitude. But we're spending a lot of money here. It's not like I was spending only $3 bucks. Finally another merchant came to reassure us our purchase but we were already pretty upset. Our first merchant just passed us along without any so much as a "he'll take care of you!" We finally got it and was pleased with the purchase. I just wished I was treated a bit better. It wasn't a small purchase by any means. Hopefully the manager will read this and make corrections as necessary. The store has a lot of potential.
4	Place still has quite a great selection by far. I have noticed improvements.1. Staff is now more attentive and takes time to personally make you satisfied.2. They have a much better attitude.
3	I went in there to buy an atmos vaporizer. I was totally going to buy it but then the owner just started talking my ear off, telling me how I should buy something else that more than doubled the price n wouldn't even let me get a word in. It pissed me off so much that the other guy working felt bad and steered me back to positivity. So Idk probably wont go to buy anything if that owner dude is in there :( but I really like everyone else and the merch.
5	My go to place for anything smoke related, great prices, friendly staff, great quality products, can't ask for anything else!
5	Awesome smoke shop, come here for anything even if it'a out if the way. Staff is very friendly and usually remember you each visit.  I have made some friends there for sure, the prices are also great there and they have mad deals on random stuff all the time.  I bring my hommies here to show it off every time they come to town. Def give these guys your business, they will thank and appreciate you more than any other place.
5	I go here all the time, and I finally decided it was time to put a review. Every time I go into Sky High, it's always a excellent experience. Everyone who works there is friendly and says hi as soon as you walk in. On top of that they are eager to help you. They don't rush you when you try and make a decision, and they are really helpful if you don't know what you're looking for.Tonight I went in with my boyfriend because I sadly broke my two hookahs within 12 hours of each other. With that aside we went in to get a new one. We knew exactly what we wanted, and they knew what to show us. They even caught on that we liked the green hookahs so they only showed us those ones, and best of all, in our price range that we stated. They weren't pushy about getting us to by more expensive things. One of the owners, Casey, gave us deals upon deals. He gave us 15% off just because, and gave us 2 hookah cleaners for free. I'm not writing this review because I got free things; I'm writing this review because everyone needs to know that this place is worth checking out. You won't be sorry. Their selection on everything is large, and there is always someone there that can answer all the questions you throw at them. Thank you Sky High for tending to my needs with patience and kindness.
1	For as often as I shop at this store you would think they would remember me, or I would learn a lesson. Every single time I go to purchase something the pricing changes. When you call then go into the store its the same thing. I really think they just make a majority of the pricing up off the top of their heads regardless of the stickers. I called to see if they carried a particular item and the guy told me over the phone one price and said " yeah, come on down and we can give you a discount too." When I got there it was a completely different price, more and guess what? No discount. Imagine that. I think from now on I will just take my business someplace else because that isn't a good way to run a business, let alone keep your customers happy. Another thing that might also help with that whole "customer service" aspect is actually being knowledgable on the products the store sells. Yeah I get theres quite a bit of stuff in that store but theres always a group of guys working. I'm sure someone knows something they can teach the others. C'mon guys, I don't like leaving bad reviews about places I normally shop from but this is just getting old.
5	Never have I ever had a poor experience here. The staff is extremely personable/friendly, knowledgable and professional. The selection is exceptional, and I always leave w/ phenomenal merchandise and an ego boost thanks to all the positive recognition of my tattoos.You really can't go wrong at Sky High
5	I called about a vaporizer (divinci ascent.) There was some confusion. I honestly heard the price incorrectly on the phone, not his fault. All I know, he delivered on the price. I'm a beyond satisfied customer. He did not have to do that for me. Thank you! I love the new divinci. Worth every penny! This morning started off with a broken favorite piece. Thank you for turning my day around and hooking me up. It means a great deal, to be treated kindly for MY mistake. That takes a special type of person. Thanks again. I'll be back, no discount required.
