4	Christmas Day...I was feeling hungover....and since some of my kids weren't up yet, hubby and I decided to see if that Foot Massage place that is in our neighborhood was open.  We were so happy that it was open!  We decided on the 1.5 hour package that was only $55.00.  It started out with a scalp massage as your feet are soaking in very warm soothing water.  After that I don't know what order but I think they massaged my arms before my feet.  Then they flip you over and do your back, legs, butt.That chair lays down to a massage bed which was kind of cool.I was in a state of almost nodding off when the guy was massaging my feet.  (Hubby was softly snoring...ha!)When I flipped over it was a different story....Warning:  This is NOT a spa massage!  This is a kneading and pounding of the muscles.  It was  GREAT!  Kind of like a it hurt so good!  A workout because you feel so deflated and couldn't get out of that chair/bed for awhile...I felt invigorated after this massage,  (or torture!) This was hubby's second time and i will no doubt go again probably though not as often as my "spa" massage.
4	I received a 30-minute gift card to this place for Christmas. I've only ever had one foot massage before, and that was at Rex's Best Foot Spa. With that experience in my memory, I figured that 30 minutes couldn't possibly be enough, so I paid the extra $20 to get a full hour.The lady that gave me my massage was Jenny. I can't say that she was better or not better than Rex. They both have their strengths - literally. I think overall, I like Rex's routine better. He seems to really go over every area thoroughly and methodically. With Jenny, she kind of spent a lot of time in some areas and not so much in others.On the positive side, she was able to put in a good amount of pressure. She even got on my back with her knees. At least I think she did anyway. Also, I actually fell asleep when Jenny was working on my feet. I think my snore woke me up as I dozed off! I can't say I reached that level of relaxation with Rex.Still, I'd have to give the slight edge to Best Foot Spa, if only because they are slightly cheaper. It doesn't matter that Far East is closer to my house. The travel difference is trivial. In any case, Far East is definitely not a bad choice for a foot massage.
5	I'm in the industry here in Las Vegas, therefore I'm always on my feet and in heels 8 -10 hours at a time.  With that said it is important to take care of my achy tired feet and so I always treat myself, near twice a week at time to a wonderful foot reflexology house.  I've tried several locations here in Las Vegas, yet this is certainly my favorite foot reflexology spot.  Links is my favorite to go to yet Anna and Tien are amazing at what they do also.This place is clean, simple, relaxing.  You can't go wrong with a little time for yourself here...they play asian instrumental music in the background, however I bring my ipod and knock out lol.  Love this place!
5	I've been man handled. And I liked it. Anna, where have you been all my life? I can't say enough about the fantastic massage I received. It was started out with a hot foot soak while she massages my face, head and neck. Then she worked her way down to my arms and legs and then my feet. She spent some extra attention on my feet (since it is supposed to be a foot massage). Then, she flipped me over and this is where the magic happened. She jumped on my back like a spider monkey and started bending me into positions I had no idea my body could get into. Think I did the scorpion. Then she balanced herself on her knees and massaged my back with just her knees. Anna had some tricks up her sleeve and I loved them. This was comparable to a massage I had while in Thailand (except 3 times the price). I felt so good after this, and only $35 for an hour! How do you beat that!
4	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (6 of 365)In the past 3 weeks, I have already come here twice.  Nothing beats a 60-minute full body massage with emphasis on the feet/legs for $40.  You don't get a private room, but they keep good dark lighting in there and there are some separation dividers for some privacy.  You think it is $40 for a foot massage? Nope!  They do a complete full body massage and even turn you over to do your back.  They do a pretty good job at finding your sore spots and work their way through them to help relieve tension.  The person I go to is named Tian.  She's awesome!  I've even called last minute for 4 girls or 2 girls and they were always able to accomodate.  Feels good here!  If you're stressed, come to Far East!  You won't regret it!
4	Lucky me! This gem is close to my house. My husband and I drove by there several times before and always joked that Asian massage places were a front for something else. Then one day, a friend was visiting from out of town and we wanted a little R&R without the hefty spa price tag so I suggested Far East Foot Massage.Neither of us had been to a foot massage place so we had no clue what to expect. When we walked it it was quite dark and almost every seat was occupied even though it was 8:00 at night. Good thing we made an appointment. We asked for the 45 minute massage. I believe it was $30 (not sure) but I remember thinking that was a steal.The massage chairs were comfy and they placed our feet in a tub full of warm water which was so soothing.  We were surprised that they massaged our head, shoulders, back and arms quite thoroughly. My masseuse was so good at kneading and getting rid of all my tension. I advised him ahead of time that I was pregnant so I couldn't turn over for a back massage.My friend and I very so "loosey goosey" after our massages. She's from the Bay Area and said she absolutely had to find a place like Far East Foot Massage when she got home. What's even better is they have a frequent customer card which entitles you to a free massage! The only reason why I didn't give five stars is because I have nothing else to compare to since this was my first foot massage experience.
5	Super friendly. Super affordable. Super clean. and I am picky.
4	The Good: They kneaded, they didn't rub or pat.  When I go in for a massage, I expect pressure.  Also, they concentrated on areas that had knots. They didn't gloss over anything; customized their routine to address our specific needs.The Bad:There were only two employees, already with two customers (my mom and I).  When another customer walked in, one of our masseuses had to be the receptionist, talking to the new customer, calling in another employee to take care of that customer and then back to massaging.  Then another customer stopped by, same routine.  They need a dedicated receptionist.
5	This place is the BEST I have found in Vegas, For that matter one of the best ever. I travel the world and spend a lot of time in Asia, the people here are some of the best I have ever run into during my travels. I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys the art of fine foot and body massage.....
5	I was a tad skeptical trying out these foot spas but to my disbelief, I fell in love.  I decided upon receiving the 60 min massage for a very affordable price.  My therapist offered some tea and filled a lil cute bucket with warm water for my feet to soak.  During the entire massage you are fully clothed.  They hit all the spots leaving you relaxed and knot free.  Of course, special attention is directed to your feet which is a plus if you're on them all day.  The facility has massage chairs that are separated via room dividers so there is no private rooms.  The music is comforting.  Parking is plentiful.
4	Usually I'm super skeptical about these little places but I'm glad I tried this one. $40.00 for an hour and they do your WHOLE body! They soak your feet and work on your head arms and neck, then do the feet and legs and then they turn you over and do your back. It's a good pressure massage, not a weak back rub! The place is clean and accommodates about 8 people. The first two times I went I was alone and taken immediately. The third I was with a friend and we had to wait about 10 minutes. Worth it as far as I am concerned. I like the decor and it's dark and relaxing. They separate the chairs with screens for privacy which is nice. The only concern I have is if you have a question, there is not usually anyone there who speaks english to answer it. All around a great find!
5	Been here 3 times and wife twice. It was some good stuff! These places are everywhere. First your feet go in a warm bathe with whatever is in it. Then they massage away. I even went with gout in my toe like a dummy but I was hoping the Massage will help release some uric acid build up. Held in some screams! I or my wife was always alone so never seen the screens used. I always had Guy to my feet here.
4	This was my first time to a Foot Massage Spa... and was a little skeptical on what I might encounter.  But to my surprise it was awesome!  Very dark, very quiet atmosphere with soft asian music playing.  I was greeted and asked what type of massage.  I got the one hour.  As soon as she started I started thinking to myself maybe I should have gotten the 90 minute.  Anyway they not only massage your feet, they massage your forehead, ears, head, neck, back, calfs, thighs, and even your buttocks. She sat on by back and kneaded her knees into my thighs and butt.  Incredible!  It is not a soft massage, she massaged with a purpose and she was tired when she was done.  I tipped her well...she deserved it.  She was very polite and proud of her work.  Anyway this was my first and I intend to go back.
5	Low key spot with a stark interior and not a lot of chatty convo but the massage was all i was here for.  The guy I got probably spoke five total words to me and I wasn't quite sure what to do, but damn it was a good massage and a great deal to boot!Definitely will be back here!
4	Of all the Chinese foot massage places in Las Vegas, this one is my favorite. I call to make sure there is space and they are usually available. The facilitiy is clean and there's a loyalty card. I'm still trying to fill it up but I like that they value repeat business.The only thing I don't like, and this happens at all the these Chinese places, is that the staff talk to each other during and picks up the phone during the session. I think it's a cultural thing but hey, for the pricing, I can deal with it.
5	After 12 yrs of training for and running marathons and currently weight training heavy and being a bartender my feet are pretty banged up.I like it hard.I need bone crushing, fascia crunching pressure when it comes to a foot massage, and that is what I got!!!  Sunny dug deep into my stone hard feet and made them burn, just the way I like it.  Oh, and he did not show any mercy to the rest of my body (head, neck, shoulders, back, glutes, hamstrings, gastroc).  He hit all my sore spots with the perfect amount of hard pressure. You may ask why I get my reflexology so hard.  After about a day of sorness from the massage, it is bliss for next few days and my feet think they can pull doubles all week!The interior of this place is lack luster but that is not why you come here.  The people are friendly and polite and the place is clean.The exterior looks unwelcoming but that is short lived once you enter.If you pound on your feet day in and day out ask for Sunny and be prepared to wince.Oh, $40 for an hour....plus generous tip :)
5	Went back for round 2 and again Sunny was awesome and friendly.
3	I'll get to the Pros and Cons:Pros - good technique, I liked the hard pressure, clean place, as long as they have availability it's quick to get started and didn't wait long. Prices are on par to being relatively cheap like all others. Their lounge chairs are fairly comfortable with holes for when you turn over. Her accent wasn't as strong as I've experienced and I could understand her well enough.Cons - this was the deal breaker! When it came to tipping the expectation was to literally give her $20 for a $55 90 min. Massage. I had given her a $100 bill and as she gave me change she literally told me and guilted me in giving her that tip. Last time I checked tipping was optional for services rendered and she gave me a look like its expected. I will never go back just for that reason alone.I don't like the banter between them in their own language or hearing other conversations as its close quarters. The towels that they use weren't as clean as I would prefer or as soft as this is what they use to engulf you in.I could forgo the dipping your feet in soaking tub, I just don't find value in this and would prefer to get to massaging but that might be their hook on cheap price as all of these Asian foot massages do this.
5	AAMAZING!!! As other people have stated this s not your typical massage but is a half way point to extra fancy spa and a pedicure. I love the place and would come two or three times a month. They are always busy so making an appointment is smart. The rub deep and good and exactly what I need.
4	This was a great place with nice people.  I was actually given the FULL 60 minute massage and they didn't count there prep time with it.  Staff was very friendly.  I may have found my new spot for massages in the southwest.
4	I went for the 1hr massage for $35. Instead of doing the whole body, I requested just the feet and the lady granted it! I kind of wished she kneaded it harder because I'm one of those people who love acupressure/trigger point. Overall, it was a good foot massage. The ladies were nice too :)
5	My boyfriend and I come in at least once a week! Everyone is great but Angela in particular is my current fav! I love that they have a stamp card! After 9, your 10th one is comp. for the quality of service and the price it's definitely 5*! $55 for 90mins!!! $35 for an hour head to toe and front and back!!! Amazing!!
5	I am bringing all of my friends here!!! It is such a great place to relax and unwind after a stressful day at work. They only charge $35 for an hour of full body reflexology massage. All the therapists are very helpful and will concentrate on a trouble zone if you have one. Not much can be said except that this place is worth a try and surprisingly tops off many good names in massage therapy at only half the cost!
1	I went with my husband last month.  We sat next to each other, and the two women who massaged us talked and laughed the whole time.  I had just had a baby and when they went to massage my back, they actually laughed at my maternity pants.  I couldn't believe how unprofessional they were.
5	Sometimes you get MORE than what you pay for!  My boyfriend and I went to this place on the Saturday after Valentines Day because he felt guilty that my feet hurt from having me walk a long distance to dinner when it was supposed to be a short trip! They put us in a quiet dark room together. It was sooo much more than a foot massage. Loved it! We tipped really well because it was so reasonably priced. They charge $155+ to get massages in the hotel spas. The next time I go to Vegas, my schedule will be around getting to this place at least 3 times in a week.
5	The descriptions of the massage left by previous reviewers is correct. Why 5 stars? Clean, quiet (we came as a group of four), smelled good, nice music, all of us loved our massage people, they listened to what we wanted, and the energy was nice. I was on vacation, gambling on the Strip and came all this way to get a massage because the others in my group come here when on vacation in Vegas. Would I come again? Yes! Next time, I will plan the budget and time to get two of them!
3	I went to the Pot Tea hot Pot place next door after a long weekend of vegas partying..and def needed a quick massage. They're not as nice as other Chinese foot massage places I've been to. But the girls were nice. The sofa is clean and soft. They spend 30 mins massaging your head, shoulder, face, arms and hands..then 30 mins on your foot. I think if you tell them where you want them to spend the most time on, they will.
5	THE BEST EXPERIENCE EVER!! Turned out to be a lot more than we all expected! First of all they accommodated us by having 6 masseuse on hand to do all 6 of us at one time. My massage started with a face and head massage, then shoulder rub, then neck then arms. Followed by a long foot and calf massage. Once done, she had me turn over where she massaged my whole upper and lower back. Then again my shoulders. I really only expected a foot massage. I highly recommend these guys if you are in the area or needing a massage. PLUS, THEY ARE VERY AFFORDABLE!! Thank you Far East Foot Massage!! We will definitely be back!
5	I had an hr massage here couple months ago.My favorite massage go to in the city!Cheap... clean... and no wait!I'm a fan and will be back!- Miss Yelp 2014
5	Quiet, clean, very accomodating and truly the best asian foot massage establishment that ive ever been to.  Get the 90 minutes for only $55 and you wont regret it.  Its worth every penny.   I didnt get the name of the lady that took care of me but she was very kind and gave a great head to toe massage starting with a temple and head rub down, shoulders, neck, back and legs and of course feet.  I like really firm pressure and she accomodated for that being very thorough and consistent.  The background classical music was very calming and a nice touch.  When im im vegas again ill definately make a trip there again!
