4	Big 5 is a really great, quality sporting goods store! The have a great staff willing to help, gennerally a little pricier, but have great sales and every thing you need for anything outdoors. Good of a selection as most of the bigger stores, in a smaller, more convienent location. Not mant other choices at the moment out here in Centennial Hills, but even if there was, I'd still frequent here.
4	I was in this area of town on the way from hiking at Mount Charleston and I stopped to get a new [pair of hiking boots (you always need an extra pair on hand!)They had the brand and model I like--even though Hi-Tec has discontinued the model.  I got it on sale plus a discount for it being a display piece!  Boy, I'm glad I stopped!I have found the staff to be very pleasant and helpful.  It's a good Big 5.
2	So within the past year, I have turned over a new leaf on life, and started really taking care of myself. I have gotten back into being active, stopped smoking, and started eating right. To that point I have needed some new equipment so that I can participate in some of the more involved activities, like swimming, biking, and running. Thus my search began to find this new equipment.The closest sporting goods store to my house is this Big 5. Let me tell you, closer is not always better, just more convenient. The only thing this store has going for it, for me at least, is that I can drive here in 3 minutes from my house. As for everything else in this store, I was less than impressed.Upon entering the store, I immediately felt boxed in, and I am not one to get claustrophobic. There is merchandise stacked upon merchandise everywhere you look. I mean it is one thing to have extra inventory and put it on the top shelf or something, but that is not what is going on here. I felt like if i got to close, stuff would fall on me and crush me.The first time I gave this store a shot I was looking for a mountain bike, which honestly I did not expect to find here, but i thought it was worth a shot. As soon as I got to the store, I realized that it was much smaller than I expected, and that I could probably find it with a good sweep of the store. Thus, I did a once-over of the whole store, specifically looking for bikes. I did not find anything that stuck out, so i stopped at the front desk and was going to ask, because I could have missed something. The girl behind the counter had 2 people in line, was facing away from the register, and was on the phone talking to her boyfriend. The people in line were getting a little impatient and she was basically blatantly ignoring everything around her, in favor of her phone convo, which as I might add, was pretty sexual in content. I got discussed, told her so, and walked out without looking further. Very unprofessional.The last time I went in there was pretty recently. I went looking for a 'total gym' pull up doorjam attachment, so that I could practice pullups in my bedroom doorway. Of course on top of being unsafely stacked, most of the equipment seems to be just thrown in there, and not really organize like any normal thinking adult would expect. Basically you have to search through every item to see if it is the item you are looking for, because the staff is apparently to consumed with their personal lives to help you find anything, or (what would be better) to organize the darn store.I have basically given up hope on this store. I have gone there at least 5 times in the last year, and walked out with nothing, usually discussed by the attitude i have gotten from the staff. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone. Just drive the extra distance to visit a store like REI or Sports Chalet if you need anything sport related, because you sure wouldn't be able to find it here, even if they had it.
4	I only go for ammo.  Hit or miss to have it in stock but that's everywhere right now.  I'll be back to shop around for ammo.
4	I watch for the sales ads.  I get the kids tennis shoes here on sale at affordable prices.  I've bought exercise equipment here as well for decent prices.  The staff are friendly and helpful!
4	I come here a lot when I need some shotgun shells.
5	I went in the other day to get my fishing pool re-spooled with line.  I had went there before and either the spooler messed up or the line was just bad quality.  Either way, the manager made it right for me, his name was Alex.  He let me pick out better line at a discounted price.  I didn't have a receipt, he was just working off of memory or good will.
