4	If you're ever in the mood for tasty t-shirts and a side of great customer service, Chris has the recipe for all of that and THEN some here at the T-Shirt Diner! Chris and his services here came highly recommended by a friend mine because of the high quality of service and work they put into making sure their patrons are extremely happy and won't settle for anything less.  I walked in and Chris was hard at work with another customer before me. I was listening in on their conversation and Chris made sure that everything the customer wanted was incorporated.  After they ended their business talk, I was sure I came to the right place at the right time to see the right person for this job!I was already in a bind to get uniforms done for our Church softball tournament that was just a few days away. I phoned a friend of mine and she told me that she knew someone who does really good work and can possibly get the job done before the day of the tournament. She told me that Chris was able to do the job and for a great price! Not only was Chris very helpful, he already started the cutting of the vinyl before I even got there so the job took less time then I thought it would at first which is an extreme "+" for Chris and the T-Shirt Diner. He assured me that the job would be done that day in about an hour and he said he would phone me when everything was done. And he fulfilled everything he said.Chris and the T-Shirt Diner deliver! There are a bunch of custom t-shirt joints but no t-shirt joint delivers and executes such great customer service as the staff here! They have a bunch of designs on the wall that you can choose from or create your own! Very cool concept and experience! I will definitely be coming here when I need to create uniforms or come up with a witty t-shirt design like..... "I Yelp Las Vegas" ;P
3	Located in the Meadows Mall over by the JC Penny's on the 2nd floor. I've made several shirts here so far and they're awesome!!!
5	Not only are they incredibly talented, they also have amazing customer service. They definitely know what they're doing and have a great eye for what looks good. I've gone here numerous times to get custom shirts made and they're always super nice. This was the first time I met this particular person (Mike?) I was feeling faint because of the heat so I don't quite remember his name. He didn't have to, but he got me water bottles and cliff bars to make me feel better. It was really nice to meet someone that nice. You can train an employee to have great customer service but you can't teach empathy. So... if you're reading this you know who you are. Thank you!! I will definitely pass that forward. You're awesome.
1	I usually go to this store to get all my work shirts done and have no Problem but I went this year and the owner Chris helped me out. I asked him to make the logo all red and when I went to pick up my shirt he had made the majority white with hardly any red. When I confronted him about it he said that he didn't know and didn't hear me. Obviously I know that once the printing is done its irreversible but I asked him if I brought him another shirt if he could do it in the right color or at least give me a discount and he said there was absolutely nothing he could do about it. So I guess I'm out of luck because he wasn't paying attention and didn't hear me and now  I'm not only out of the money I paid him but the money I spent on the shirt. For being the owner I personally think he handled the situation very poorly.
5	We wanted t-shirts for a family trip... We had a very specific design that we wanted that needed altering and added artwork... We walked in and told the guy what we were thinking, he immediately started altering the images, quickly and perfectly. We had been to another screen printing place that had better yelp reviews the day before, but the girl there wasn't willing to spend the time and make the image what we wanted without a $50 "art fee" and she was rude and not helpful. Totally opposite experience at T Shirt Diner. Got our shirts the same day and they look amazing... Plus they're the same price we were going to pay the first place ($26) for way better quality and exactly what we wanted. So glad we went to T Shirt Diner!!
1	I've been coming here go get personalized shirts for 2 years and is always been a great experience until recently. I came in to get matching white tank tops with a simple picture on the front and for some reason these shirts ended up costing about 20 dollars more then I normally lay . Typically I get shirts with front and back print and glitter letters , this time I just wanted basic tanks . The two girls working the counter were very rude when I asked why stating they've never changed the price. They also opened 5 minutes late even though they saw me standing outside waiting . I ended up getting the shirts from etsy for 35 dollars cheaper for the set . I will not be buying any more overpriced shirts fromThem again .
5	Best t-shirt place ever!!! Been going here for years! ! Best customer service!! The nicest employees! They always go above and beyond  to make the exact shirt  that you want! If you need a special, one of a kind t-shirt to stand out in a crowd, this is the place to get it!!
