4	Burgers, burgers burgers.  This was the best hamburger I've had in years.  I've had most every burger on the NYC best 100 hamburger over 3 years and can say that this would rank at the top.  I'm glad Fatheads was too busy because now I know where to go for the best burger in Pittsburgh.  Try it you won't regret it.
4	I agree with the other reviewers, the burgers here rival Tessaro's.  Make sure you also check out their grilled wings. Some of the best wings in the city.
4	I agree pretty much with the other reviewers that the burgers are fantastic.  I happened upon here today for lunch and can't believe in all the years I've been hangin in the s. side I never stopped prior.  The space itself is very nice it has exposed brick a nice bar with plenty of seating and multiple booths with dark wood and leather all around.  The only one complaint that I have about my initial impression is that it did  smell a little bit like my basement used to smell after a keg party in college when I first walked in.  I was greeted warmly by one of the servers "Li Li" I believe.  She was very friendly and we chatted for a while.  The bartender was "Bear".  He was a good typical burgh' bartender.  He served me a guiness quickly and knew the point spreads for all the college and pro games.  I ordered the "ultimate burger" which I ordered medium and they let me substitute a cup of french onion soup instead of getting fries.  Incidentally, they were very amenable to all kinds of sub stitutions as I witnessed while others ordered at the bar.  The soup was forgettable.  The broth itself was tasty enough and well seasoned, but the cheese wasn't burnt, it looked like they skipped putting it under the broiler.  It really doesn't matter the burger was the main feature.  Incidentally, I had no idea that this place was known for burgers, so it looks like I lucked out with the order.  The burger arrived quick enough it was a big 8 oz. burger overflowing with brie.  The burger was served on a perfectly toasted warm italian roll.  The burger itself was cooked perfectly and had great flavor.  I'm pretty sure this meat is ground fresh daily and never frozen.  It very much reminded me of a Tessaros burger (and quite frankly maybe it was just as good, but I can't bring myself to say it).  The staff was so friendly I found myself staying for 3 guiness instead of a typical 1 beer lunch portion.  I will go again and stick to the burgers.  The rest of the menu was very reasonably priced, but again I think the burger is the star.  Incidentally, I was speaking with a friend in the restaurant business after lunch and the guy who originally opened tessaros is the current owner of city grill, so that accounts for much of the similiarity.
3	I agree with the other reviewers, the burgers here rival Tessaro's.  Make sure you also check out their grilled wings. Some of the best wings in the city.**Update - service has been decreasing in quality lately. Be prepared for loud/rude/drunk and/or slow service in exchange for the good burgers and wings.
4	The Ultimate Burger; served with brie and horseradish. Cooked to PERFECTION.I love burgers more then anyone I know, I eat them everywhere and anywhere, and this one of the most superior burgers I have ever had.The atmosphere is really mellow, especially for a joint on the southside.The menu is simple, and everything seems to be done with care.My server was great, a bit cold,but fast and accurate. Just the way a server should be.
4	Hamburgers.Really good ones.Get the Hamburger with the blue cheese on it.Soggy fries.
4	Although it's been a couple of years since I visited City Grill to eat dinner (which at the time was very enjoyable-I recall having a calamari salad), I frequently pass by it after a night out on the Southside and have discovered that it's one of the best places to get a late night snack. They offer pizza, either whole or by the slice, outside of the restaurant. It's quick and easy and if you're on the Southside to begin with, it will save you from having to drive somewhere to find a snack. It's only $1 for a piece and $6 for the whole pizza. Although toppings are limited (only cheese or pepperoni), it's always great. Not to mention that the staff is very friendly and will always let you wait inside on a cold night. A very good find!
4	I'm surprised it has taken me this long to try out City Grill.  I think the South Side has some excellent restaurants, but I always felt it was missing a middle of the road, good meal, doesn't need to be an occasion to eat there sort of place....  City Grill is that sort of place.Great burgers.  I'm not a burger expert, and I won't make comparison claims about these guys...but I really enjoyed mine.I had the Brie cheese and horseradish burger.  It was great, would order it again (BUT I had huge food envy of everyone else with their bacon cheeseburgers.)Burger was good exactly to order.  Fries were good as well.Service was also very good - bartenders and waiters alike. This restaurant is a solid place to enjoy a great burger and some beers - usually without the usual South Side Bridge and Tunnel crowd that pack all the other bars.
4	Ate here on the last night of our (Mikie, Sarah & I) Fatty Weekend trip.  We had been walking and knew we needed food before starting out drinking shenanigans but probably chose this place because of the bar we could sit at.Good grub and a cool bartender that was attentive and had a nice dry wit.  I had a tasty burger and even more tasty Jack and Coke...or 3.  I don't quite remember.  I think there were some shots too.  Right? It's probably best that I don't remember...
2	Stopped in for dinner around 7 on a Wednesday and it was very dead. I ordered the blue cheese burger after hearing that it is very similar to Tessaro's. The only similarity that it shares is that they are both grilled on a wood fired grill. The burger was unbelievably bland, the char grilling made the exterior very bitter, and the bun was rather tasteless. For my choice of side I went with fries. I was excited when they first arrived, they looked like they were going to be crunchy and delicious, unfortunately they were greasy and limp. The only positive aspect of the meal was our very friendly and attentive server. I'm not sure if I will give City Grill another shot, I just know that if I do I will skip the burger.
