4	After breakfast, we headed to the grand opening of Glendale Park 'n Swap. Located just north of the other Glendale swap meet, but completely indoors, this may well be my primary swap meet in the west valley.The first thing we noticed as we pulled into the parking lot was the entire building and outside vendor lots were surrounded with fencing that was topped with razor wire. Yikes, no stars.To our surprise, the $1 admision fee was waived over the weekend. Yippy! One star.Bounce houses in the parking lot and inside, most attended by terrific eye candy. Schwang! One star.A solid mix of crazy crap and only a small proportion of junk from China. Solid. Two stars.We all purchased items today. PnS hosts Auto Row on Wednesday nights (4-10 p.m.) and can accomodate those wanting to set up a yard sale inside (only $10 in September). We were so satisfied, we plan to return in the near future. In fact, we barely noticed the razor wire atop the fence as we walked out.
2	Pretty funky.....and you might give some thought to having a bodyguard if you go there, cause it ain't Saks Fifth Avenue.However, did pick up a white French style Corningware casserole in the larger size for $2-4 (forgot the exact price...let's just say it was cheap), so there are some goodies to be had there if you don't mind being one of the only ones with a full set of teeth walking around.
3	This Park 'n Swap could definitely be better.  Only about half of the spaces in the building have vendors and of those vendors I'd consider buying goods from one.  There was a stand selling nice quality pots and pans.  I've considered going back to buy some.  Aside from that stand, there was really no other reason to be there.  It was a fun way to spend a lazy Sunday because for a handful of change at the bottom of my purse, we were easily entertained.  We got to walk around with a beer in hand and listen to a live band and cracked plenty of jokes about the random crap we came across.  It costs a $1 to get in which I thought was kind of silly but when I paid it in change it made me feel better.  As we were leaving, my man spotted a large package of batteries and he knew I needed some for my Wii remote so he went to buy them and the guy said they were a buck.  He said "there's no way these batteries work if you're selling them for a buck" but the guy at the stand swore they did and since they were only a dollar, we scrounged up some more change to pay him and left.  Postscript: On average, the batteries will last half a day.
