4	I went to this place on Sunday with my son.  He had an iced drink and I had a regular cup of Coffee.  Both drinks were very good.  The staff was very friendly.  It could use some more decor but overall a nice LOCAL business and it beats the heck out of other National Chains.  Next time I look forward to trying the Crepes
5	Finally, a reason to just have coffee in Maricopa without having to sit in a grocery store! Seven Cups is owned by two hard working brothers ( I spoke to Mohamed) who are keen to offer Columbian coffee in variations to make you divorce your Starbucks bride. I like to test coffee houses by how well their standard house decaf is.  This place surpasses my test. I haven't tried the crepes just yet but I am happy to report that the setting works here and the service is excellent.  The best compliment I can give is that I will return and make sure that it is more often than not, welcome to the Copa!
4	I haven't tried the crepes yet, but let me tell you the coffee is delicious! If you haven't stopped by to support this local business then it is your loss! I haven't ordered any drink that I didn't love and everyone is so friendly and helpful. They also have a great assortment of decaffeinated drinks for those who don't need the jolt or for the kids. I loved them when they had their drive thru and I love them even more now. Stop in and support local!
1	Went in to order crepes and coffee for me and my wife. Went in and stood in front of 2 people and was completly ignored. A family came in after me and the owner, as I later found out, knew them and started talking to and helping them. I had to literally stand in front of the owner and ASK to be helped. The worst service ever!! First and last time I will be in seven cups!!
5	I am not a coffee drinker, but love the prickly pear iced tea!!!  I really hope they keep it year round!   Service has always been great and the owners are very friendly and engaging.  Love that they promote local artists!  Definitely an asset to Maricopa!!
5	Great little place! Coffee and atmosphere are both great for our little town with a big heart!!
5	Great place to go and have a cup of coffee and relax, or to meet a few people and have a meeting. When planning our Motorcycle Rally for Maricopa we met at Seven Cups three or four times and I think the meetings took longer due to the great coffee and people. I have yet to try the Crepes but I think I may stop in this week for some.
5	Love this place, the coffee reminds me of small coffee shops up in the Northwest.  A customer for life!
2	Did not like my dirty chai. Place is missing ambience. Free wifi! Great bagel sandwich for breakfast
5	Let me start by saying that I don't drink coffee generally.  MAYBE I'll have a cup at the end of a meal in a fine restaurant.  I never drink sugared coffee drinks...so why do I love Seven Cups?It's the crepes. Ohmygosh the crepes.  My husband introduced me to the place, and I will admit to dreaming about the place while we've been in Oregon.  I don't like a lot of sticky syrups in my crepe...it's bad enough I'm having the sweet, delectable thing in the first place.  So I explained this, and they made me one with just strawberries.  Wow.  Just wow.  I might just let them add some whipped cream next time.  You can bet I'll be there the first day I'm back in town.
4	Very good decaf coffee. Relaxed comfortable atmosphere.
5	Excellent cup of coffee.  Cappuccino had nice taste, well prepped.
2	Coffee is okay.  Crepes were cold.  The overall setting is not per code.  Not sure how they managed to get a Certificate of Occupancy.  Health rating and Occupancy not posted.  Overall felt thrown together on a serious budget.
5	Best coffee and service in town.
5	Super friendly owners and staff, awesome crepes, good coffee, and occasional concerts. This is an awesome place, my favorite in Maricopa! I'd find some way to hack the system and give them 6 stars if they'd stay open in the evenings.
