5	Fast service, efficient and nice employees. I typically order online and pick up at the store since I live close-by and my order is always ready by the time I get there. Pricing is reasonable and they typically have mid-week specials to get you to order Mon-Thurs
2	I've been to this location twice and both times, they got my order wrong. It consisted of only two toppings. I order simple pizza all the time and this is the only location thats messed up my order consistently. The service was fast, but not accurate. I think I'll search around for other places since I'm still new to the area.
3	Since relocating further to the NW, I've used PJ's multiple times for both carry out and delivery. The location is, hands down, much better than my previous PJ's experiences. I have just recently downloaded the phone app and have been impressed. I can order quickly from anywhere and have it delivered or pick it up on the way to the homestead. The double cheeseburger pizza was surprisingly tasty. The pepperoni is average and the chicken wings are as good or better than similar joints. This past time I was told fifteen to twenty-five minutes for my pies and wings and It was actually closer to thirty-five. Even hall-of-famers fall short seven out of ten times, right? I will be back, as I visit frequently when it is my night to cook.
2	Sorry Papa. My pizza was kinda bland, nothing really special about it. Instead of the Supreme maybe next time (if there is one) I'll try one of those specialty pizzas.
2	Michelle, one of the managers, at this location is extremely unfriendly, full of attitude, and very unwilling to go out of her way to help her customers. Michelle definitely makes this location look bad!
2	Bad service. I have no intentions of critiquing the shitty food -- it is the same everywhere -- but, this location consistently has poor service, and thus, my review. I complete my online order at 8:44PM and it is not until 9:55PM when my doorbell is rung. A ready time of thirty minutes my ass. No, this is not during a holiday, or the Big Game (AFL Super Bowl), or Ramadan. And, I do not live in a cabin high up on Mount Snow. I think if they are charging 15% delivery fee, on top of the tip I am going to inevitably hand the driver, they should make the food and deliver it in a timely fucking manner. But, maybe I am asking for too much. Papa John: get your shit together, hoss.
4	This location is close to my workplace, so we get pizza here on occasion. I think that it's better quality "fast food" pizza.  I always enjoy it and seem to continue coming back!I always like to check online for specials, but this location seems to be pretty helpful with finding the best specials available.My newest favorite: Giant Chocolate Chip Cookie!  If possible, put a scoop of ice cream on top for an even better tasting treat!
1	I ordered on line and it said 30-40 minutes well that was wrong took an hour. Then the pizzas are wrong and I double check my confirmation email and I was right the pizzas are wrong. I called them and they argued that I was wrong. I read my confirmation email and they said I don't know what to tell you that's not what it's says here. Go elsewhere it's not worth the hassle.
