5	If you need body work, this is the place to go!Unfortunately, I have had to take my car for body work several times in life, both in other states and here in the Valley.  I have never had an experience as impressive as this:1) The owner, Luis Gonzalez (LG), personally drove to my place of work and checked out what needed to be done.  2) LG helped coordinate my rental car (which insurance covered) so there was no time without a car.3) LG took my car and drove it to his shop, so I did not have to take time out from work to go there.4) When the car was ready, my car was returned, looking good as new, to where I work.  The interior was clean and vacuumed, with paper floormats having protected the floor from dirt, and the exterior was totally clean; the windows were all cleaned inside and out. 5) LG then drove my rental back to the agency, saving me from having to return it and lose more time.6) Best of all, he saved me money, so my out of pocket expense was lower than my deductible!Where else can you get this kind of service?   I recommend any of his locations.  He is also rated A+ by the Better Business Bureau.
4	It's been over a year since I was here and promised to leave a review. Why wait that long?  One benefit is that I can say that the work done has stood the test of time and other than the title it would be hard for someone not very well versed in used cars to tell it was ever in an accident. The process of working with LG was very good with  some phone tag, but not excessively so. There were complications from the kind of accident it was and insurance companies involvment that caused delays  plus the difficulty of getting parts from Japan at the time made it hard to get a handle on how long it would take for me to rent a car for.   In the end they helped me out on the deductible as their site says and a few days car rental so It was fair.  I'd be more than happy to take a car back here should the need arise and I'm pretty sure you'll be  in the 4-5 star range when you do.    For me 4.5
5	My third time using LG Collision Repair and once again - they exceeded my expections. They go above and beyond in their service, flawless repair and attention to detail with everything from picking up your car, working with your deductable to save lots of money and helping with any other car related issues you may have... it is like having a family member in the car business. I will never go anywhere else and tell everyone I know about their outstanding and reputable operation. I feel very fortunate that I found LG Collision!
4	Fantastic service! I had multiple claims and Mike gave me a great deal to get everything  done. They picked up/dropped my car and had it finished in a week. Any future body work will be done with LG.
5	Amazing body shop. TOP quality work for the absolute best prices you will find throughout the valley.  They were able to match exactly my incredibly difficult to match pearl black paint on my Lexus IS350, three times now!.  I am sure NO ONE could tell that I have had the car repainted several times with them, not even the most skilled eye, this is very important for the cars value and I could not be more happy with their work and low prices.     Even the most skilled and expensive body shops sometimes cannot pull this off.    Louis is a very honest man and will try to bend over backwards to make you happy.  There is no better place to go and I feel sorry for people who pay out the nose for the same or less quality work and do not know of this gem of a body shop.  I recommend them to everyone I know.
4	Sicne there's no option for half stars:  4.25 out of 5For repair/replacement-type reviews, I tend to wait a few months before commenting.  But after about 3 months, their repair to my Mustang is holding up very well.  They took steps to further brace and secure a new aftermarket bumper and paint matches perfectly.  Suspension and other non-body work had to subbed out, so there was quite a bit of delay and phone tagging.  Emails were hit or miss too.  In the end, I also had to remind about their "pay your rental car" coverage they advertised.  A longer process than we thought needed, but it ultimately worked out well.Luis and Mike were very easygoing and truly made sure we were happy as reasonable through the process.  Every detail about their in-house paint/repair was gone over thoroughly so that the detail was clearly understood.  There were no surprises, except that their work was better than a few W Valley shops I've worked with.Spot on in-house work.
5	I brought my Scion to their shop after I involved in an accident in last Novmber. I am satisfied with their job. Now 3 months passed, my car runs well without any problem. Their people are friendly and nice to talk with.
5	Impeccable customer service and follow through!  They did a great job on my front fender repair and treated me like royalty!
5	So I guess I need to mention I have had 2 cars there three times over the last 6 months, none of these repairs my fault.They make your car look AMAZING and I can't say enough about the customer service from EVERYONE there.  This last time my car was there it was over 7k in damages on a car I've only had since September of 2013, my brand new 2013 VW GLI....sniff sniff.....This is NOT the recommended shop that Geico (the insurance company of the other party) wanted me to go to, however, being that I have had past experience with them with my Jeep (of which I should have posted a review a LONG time ago), I would not hesitate to go anywhere else.  I live in far North Phoenix, and although there a lot of body shops closer, they are worth the extra drive!
5	Still 5 stars in my book!!They found damages on my car that I am sure would have been missed.  After 10,222.00 worth of damages and 42 days (not their fault, VW slowed them up on parts)...my 2013 GLI looks as good as new.  I HIGHLY recommend the team at LG!!Thanks Luis!!
5	Great service! Couldn't have been happier. I had a $1000 deductible and they worked with me so my out of pocket was minimal. I went to three other places and two of them wouldn't help at all waiving any portion of my deductible and the other place said they could try and get a hundred waived. I took my car in on a Saturday they helped arrange for my rental, went to bat for me with my insurance company and had my car back in 2 weeks and it looks brand new! Thanks for the great service, would highly recommended them and would definitely use them again!
5	Friendly, honest and professional.  Luis and his team not only repaired the damage of my vehicle at the price and during the agreed time period.  They also watch out for my safety, conduct an apprentice program that helps the community and keep you informed of all developments every step of the way.  Their facilities are safe, with the latest technology and the staff courteous and knowledgable.  They vindicate the reputation of auto body shops everywhere, or are they the exception to the rule?  I hope not to have to visit their business again however, as long as I reside in Phoenix and find my vehicle in need of auto body repairs, I wouldn't trust anybody else.
5	When LG Collision states that they provide simple, easy and affordable service-- they are right! Every aspect of working with them was exceptional and they went above and beyond to make sure everything was as easy as possible. Most importantly, the quality of the finished product was excellent!
