4	Four of us had an early dinner here and split 6 rolls and a large order of combo fried rice. Everything was very good, even the baked and fried sushi. Our only complaint was that service was slow and food even slower. In the end, the delay between rolls may have been beneficial to allow our stomachs to process all the food. We will definitely go back, but hope food service speeds up. If so, I would give 5 stars to Senor Sushi.
1	What can I say Mexicans can't make sushi lol... Being Mexican myself I should have known better than to go there my baby loves sushi so we had to take her but I must say it was disgusting..... We had the hot wings and fries tastes like fish I'm not sure if they use the same oil which would explain the taste.... We also had the rainbow rolls they where okay I guess... The carne Asada rolls where the worst ..... I had two and asked them to remove them from the table ... A normal restaurant would have token  it off the bill seeing as it was hardly eaten but not this place I must say it was the worst 53 dollars i've ever spent and will I ever come back .... I DON'T THINK SO...
3	It's an interesting concept: A sushi restaurant that plays loud Mexican music and has banks of big-screen TVs showing sporting events, a holdover from its former life as a sports bar. Interesting, but it doesn't quite gel.The sushi was good. The servers were friendly and attentive. The service was fast on our first visit; slower on our second.If you are a vegetarian as I am, you might want to ask yourself "Why am I going to a sushi restaurant?" before walking in the door. The menu has almost nothing without fish or other meat. But the server said they would be happy to customize a dish for me, which I greatly appreciated. I ordered the California Roll without crab meat. That's cucumber, avocado, and rice. Not as flavorful as their regular dishes, perhaps. But you become accustomed to making sacrifices when you're a fish out of water, so to speak.One of the few other vegetarian offerings on the menu was an edamame appetizer. I ordered it thinking it would be healthy, but it was doused in salt. I don't even want to know how much sodium I ingested.The big horseshoe bar from the former sports bar is still there, but no one was sitting at it. The big patio in front of the restaurant is nice and has one fire pit.If this restaurant sounds intriguing, I suggest you go there as soon as possible. I can't imagine it will be open a year from now. The people who run the place are trying. They really are. I suspect Senor Sushi's original restaurant in Phoenix is successful. But I don't think Casa Grande is ready for the Mexican sushi concept.
5	The bar tender was really nice, she told us were to go to watch the games and was very informative,good drinks..open till 2am AZ time, 1am Cali time..The live Sonora music was nice, going back tonight for Banda, let's see what happens??
1	i should have trusted my instinct- HOW CAN YOU TRUST AN ASIAN COOKING MEXICAN FOOD OR VICE VERSA??? but let me give you a piece of advise.. FOR you TO know if its a good sushi/asian restaurant  you HAVE  see abunch of asian in that place... the food /sushi and miso soup was cold.... service sucks, the waitress were unprofessional ....the food was expensive and the food sucks...
2	Had been hoping for a good sushi restaurant in our little town, but once again, CG has worked its dark magic & given me yet another reason to head to Phoenix. The service was seriously lacking, the menu had no drinks listed (not even soda) and the 2 menus my bf and I received were both printed differently. To continue the inconsistent theme, all of my BFs food came out at once; the rice came out last WTH, 5 minutes later PART of mine arrived, then we had to remind the waitress that I had also ordered miso soup ( which should've come out before any of the sushi). Once all that was taken care of, my bf instantly noticed the over sized slices of salmon on his roll. While more is usually a good thing, if you can't  consistently slice fish (or any food for that matter) you have NO business being a sushi chef. The thick slices threw off the flavor consistency of the roll, and he didn't even finish his food; which has never happened at a sushi restaurant... Ever! He said the flavor was OK, not bad, but the whole experience was "just off" and "not right". My Caramelo roll tasted good, but it wasn't even sliced all the way thru, so ever other time I picked up a bite, it unwrapped the next piece.  I ended up cutting the damn thing with a fork! That chef needs to go back to school and work on his knife skills PRONTO! This all happened at 2pm, so it's not as if they were busy at all. Just like every thing else in Casa Grande, Senor Sushi suffers from laziness. This town has a long way to go. Nothing will ever improve if the people don't take pride in what they do; no matter how big or small the job. The wait staff was far too casual, they acted as if they were doing someone a favor by filing in for them. They seemed lost, almost like they didn't belong. Won't be returning.
1	This is NOT SUSHI! way to much deep fried and rice can't even taste the so called sushi!
