4	This building used to be a Krispy Kreme donut shop. The new occupant is Carl's Jr. In my second time eating at Carl's Jr., on this location for lunch. This place is very clean for a fast food restaurant. When I was eating my hamburger combo. I saw one of the employee on her hands and knees scrubbing the tile floor with a scouring pad. Wow!
2	I will preface this review to say it was Christmas day and Carl's Jr was the only thing open. I had no other options and I had never been to this particular fast food chain.The location is quite clean. That is why it got 2 stars.The food is atrocious; the people are ambivalent and the fries are greasy. I will save you all from my usual banter and witty remarks. Dont go here unless you invest in pepto bismal!
4	Any fast food place can be hit or miss.I love the Charbroiled Santa Fe Chicken sandwiches. But I know to ask for an extra chile. If I didn't, I'd get a tiny chile strip which would cover 3 bites. Gotta know how to work the system.
3	Look, I love Carl's Jr.  Specifically their breakfast burger (without bacon) and the Carl's #1.  Both make me an extremely happy girl, and my life is better when eating here.But, this Carl's just isn't the best that I've been to. Yes, I get the food I want, for the most part, but this one just lacks in so many ways it's almost silly. For starters, the dining area is a weird setup.  I guess it used to be a Krispy Kreme according to a previous reviewer, which explains the large, weird exposed kitchen with the matching wood floors and the double door entry with the bathrooms in the double door area versus being inside the actual restaurant.This location seems to get a lot of riff raff, probably because it's at the end of the light rail, and located inside Christown mall.  (well, the parking lot area, at least.)  The service is somewhat slow, but not unbearable.  Food is fine, but it's the ambiance of the place that makes me go through the drive through versus eating in 99% of the time. Today I ate in because I wanted to, and didn't have time to stop at home and eat, so I dined in.Overall, not my favorite Carl's, but it does the job.  I don't mean to sound like such a hater, but there's loads of fast food in this area, and I can't put my finger on why I'm so chronically disappointed with this Carl's. I think its a combination of the riff raff crowd, overall slow service, and the weird layout. They do have outdoor seating here, so you can eat outdoors if the weather is nice.Oh, and the music here is SO freakin loud when I'm in there! Like, to the point where you sort of have to talk over it, or if your sitting alone, it's to the point where it's really annoying.
4	Average chain location with faster than average service.
4	It is so nice to be able to buy just a sandwich and a drink without the upsell of fries.  It helps me keep on track and make a decent healthful selection.  I reccomend the teriyaki turkey burger.  It had lots of flavor and was on a whole wheat bun.
4	I never write a review of fast food chains but my wife was insistent because she enjoyed her char-broiled burger so much. The meat was charred just the way she liked it. I had the teriyaki burger and enjoyed it a lot too. We've eaten at quite a few Carl's before but she said this was absolutely the best. Raved about it all day.
2	Who ever is the owner of this franchise doesn't realize or care that this place is very very SMOKEY all the time!!! Vents don't work, fix it!!! Is this a health hazard? That's my question. Employees breath this all the time, every day, for many hrs at a time. Just saying.
2	Stopped by for dinner last night. Unlike the first few times this was disappointing. Fries were soggy and the burgers were just ok. Consistency is the key for a good food joint whether a burger place our a sit down restaurant.
1	I have been to this store 3 times... and each time, I was greeted by slow, unfriendly, and apathetic cashiers. They literally act like they are doing you a favor by taking your order. I will never patronize this store, again!
1	I had only gone through the drive through at this location. The food was decent enough. Made the mistake of going inside and used the restroom first...Horrible! It is said that you can tell how clean the kitchen is by how the bathrooms are maintained. I really hope that would be untrue - but I seriously doubt it. Yuck!
2	Ordered through the drive-thru, it took 13 minutes to get my food. I don't consider this fast good on this night.  To speed up service you have to help out the team, it is a win win for everyone. To me it looked like two people in the kitchen trying to produce a lot of orders. I believe the people that were in the drive thru could of went back to help as well.  Thank For Seeing My comment, I Was A Little Concerned.  Because I love coming to this location alot.
1	Seriously, This Carl's Jr, if I'm writing a review about your franchise fast food establishment then you're doing something drastically wrong. Unfortunately, I can only explain the symptoms not the causes of your problems. The worst thing about the C'sJ is the driver thru service. As others have mentioned, it's slow. And not like, "oh this place is so busy that I'll have to wait." Rather, it's a "One car ahead of me? Three? Four? It doesn't matter -- I'd better clear out 14 minutes to get my order." I'd twice waited so long at this drive thru that, after the car in front of me pulled out, I just continued past the window. Well, before Sunday, that is, when I [foolishly] tried to make a 'quick' visit to their drive thru. There was one vehicle pulling away from the speaker when I rolled up. I promptly gave my order, pulled forward, then waited....waited...waited...watched the vehicle receive it's order -- A SINGLE BAG AND TWO DRINKS -- and pull away. I checked my clock, saw that I had spent 14 minutes trapped in their drive thru, and just drove off. Who knew how long they would have needed to actually complete my order -- that could have easily been a 30 minute drive thru trip! I don't what the line of cars now waiting behind me did but I'm sure any guess is accurate. Does this location not staff? Is the staff not trained? Does the staff not care? Does it not have equipment? Is the equipment not functional? Does the equipment not care?  Honestly, I don't know, but it's pretty amazing that this location -- which I see does a lot of business in a premium location -- hasn't thought it might be worthwhile to operate efficiently. For me, I'll probably just call it quits on Carl's Jr because this one just isn't worth the hassle. Thanks, This Carl's Jr, now I'm a guy who Yelps about fast food.
