5	Classic huge Philly pizza slices and cheesesteaks. Grew up on their original store on Baxter Avenue and was stoked to see one open up in Tempe. Open until five like the other ones and they brought the cheap orders of their delicious fried Oreos to Mill Ave too. Haven't tried delivery yet but, like their other locations in Louisville, this is a place I typically visit late at night after a show for a few slices and Oreos. Finally a LATE night spot in Tempe where you can sit down in a comfortable place.
4	We're am I? Philly? Maybe, I've never been. but if I were my cheese steak would taste like this. So good.Pepper, onion ratios were perfect. The steak was great and the cheese wiz was tasty. The bread is brought in from Philly. Soft with a crunchy shell. Nice.The pizza is also fresh and hand tossed. The big slices are filling.But Spinelli's is more than that. They have appetizers, salads, desserts, Stromboli and other sandwiches. Bummed, no brew yet but any day now. Mac and cheese bites are a good app choice.Last words... authentic, relaxing and non pretenses. Enjoy.
4	Chris, the owner, and staff are super nice and friendly! The artwork inside is unique. The pizza crust, ranch, & fried Oreos were delicious. Would've like more cheese on the pizza. Other than that it was yummy. We will definitely be back! Can't wait till they can serve booze :-)
5	I used to pretty much live at PSC and I ate Phillys at least 3 or 4 days a week. I've had a lot of sandwiches. The meat used here is better tasting, and a higher quality cut. The bread is phenomenal. Had a sandwich last night and the bread was toasted to perfection. Cheez whiz is cheez whiz. Their pizza bites were bomb. Looking forward to when they can serve booze as well. Staff is friendly and attentive. I'll be going back for sure. The decor is pretty awesome overall as well.
5	This place is awesome. The Philly with wiz is one of the best I've ever had. I'm also a huge fan of the pizza. The slices are humongous and I actually really enjoy the thin style. Some of the pizza prices seem high but that's for the entire massive pizza with quality ingredients. If you still want to pinch pennies, they can be sold in slices and are very reasonable. One of the owners, Sean, is a genuinely nice hardworking guy. Ive had the pleasure of speaking with him several times now when I go in. He's very passionate and told my friend and I about the fresh hand made pizza dough, authentic sweet tea from Philadelphia and commitment to quality. I've enjoyed every visit thus far and everyone I've taken or told to go has been very impressed. I highly recommend everyone give it a shot.
5	I have lived in Tempe for the last 5 years and I have tried everything. 2 years ago I finally found out that I would only order from oreganos for the pizza. Until tonight I ordered spinellis....it is the best pizza I have to ever had. I would recommend it to everyone!
5	Whoa. This place is amazing. The cheesesteak was the best I have ever had, with the bread setting it apart. Apparently they fly in their bread from the same place that makes bread for Pats in Philly. Pizza was great too, super thin, but with tons of flavor. Can't wait will they serve alcohol soon. What's even more amazing is they are open and deliver until 5am, crazy! I'm going to need to limit myself to how often I come here, it's that good. Service was great and the graffiti / decorations are awesome. Free 1 hour parking at Hayden square parking garage.
1	We had horrible service. The employee stated any speciality pizza could be ordered by slice but failed to mention that you were charged per topping. Paid $25 for 2 slices and 2 drinks. Employees were swearing while we were seated behind them. And everyone unprofessional. Seemed at the time only employees friends were in the restaurant. Pizza was not worth the money
5	Wow! And by "wow," I mean WOW! This is easily one of the best pizza/cheesesteak joints in the area. Just ordered delivery from here. I've visited before as well, but wanted to sample a bunch of different things before a verdict. I got a slice of pizza, a cheesesteak, some mac and cheese bites, chicken fingers, and a fried s'more. I know it sounds like a lot - that's because it is a lot. I tend to order too much when I buy things online, also I was planning on leftovers and sharing with the gf. The pizza "slice" was 1/4 of a pizza. I'm not kidding. It was literally just a slice from a pizza cut into 4ths. Not sure if that's normal or what, but that's what I got. Pepperoni and Sausage - the dough is fantastic. And for a slice (which at most places would be a pizza that sat around for awhile re-heated - though I suspect they might have just made a fresh pie for my order), the dough was fresh with the right amount of chewy. The Sausage was very likely hand made because some pieces were gigantic and others were smaller. Great flavor - I prefer sausage to be a bit more spicy, but they were generous and it was definitely flavorful and delicious. The Pepperoni as well was abundant and traditional. The whole thing smacked of top quality ingredients. And for a slice, it was like getting a whole personal pizza. It was so big I thought there was a mistake.The Philly was very authentic. Wit wiz and it didn't come with onions or peppers - just how I like it - you can add those things, but at most places I have to request they leave them off as I'm not a fan of onions. The meat was succulent and flavorful. The bread I think was imported from Philly and you could tell the difference. I haven't had bread like that locally. I know a couple other places in the Vally import Philly bread, but this was definitely unique and very good.The chicken "fingers" was a huge portion of fried chicken. Also very good. Mac and cheese bites - they weren't the frozen triangle sort - I think they made them in house? I'm not sure. They were excellent either way. I'm waiting on the s'more. I have to digest first - I merely sampled everything, and I'm filled to the gills with tons of extra food left over. It wasn't that expensive either. I feel like i would've paid about this for half as much food at most places. Delivery was within the promised time, and the driver was super nice. As for my visit - the inside is decked out in really cool murals. They have a definite punk rock vibe here. It's very clean and modern, but meant to look kinda divey at the same time. I liked the atmosphere. They had patches up front (like punk kids would put on their jackets back in the day) with recognizable old school punk band logos but with the restaurant's name instead. Thought that was really cool and they let me take a few home. It gave me the nostalgia feels in my guts. I met the owner as well, and he was great. We chatted for a bit about the business and about old punk rock stuff. He seemed to be very passionate about the place. That's one of the best signs a place will stay clean, do well and have good food - the owner that gives a shit. I say that in many reviews, and it's consistently true. Apparently there are a handful of other locations in another State, but this is the first one in Arizona. I really hope more pop up here - I think that's the plan. This is a very welcome addition to the local pizza scene. I am now a future regular here. And by the way - after reading some of the ridiculous orange head one star reviews for this place, I'm pretty convinced they are angry Pizza Hut or Domino's employees or something wondering where all their orders went (I thought yelp was supposed to filter out fakes). Mill Avenue Pizza game is strong right now with this and a handful of other great local joints. This place is totally legit, and top notch. Shop local - eat local. :)
2	I have worked across the street at a bar for almost a year. This place opened and was convenient and the food was really good. However they take forever to get you anthing. Their service is horrible.  I have ordered for delivery twice now and it has taken well over an hour for one pizza. I live ten minutes from the place. Every time I call to see where it is at they say it has just left... I told the girl who answered you said that 25 minutes ago... she said "well it will get there". Not professional and won't order again.
5	Excellent pizza and cheese bites! When entering, we were greeted and the customer service did not stop until leaving! Top notch place to eat!
5	So if your on Mill Ave on a Tuesday this place is a must with their 75cent 16oz PBR! That's a deal! Not to mention their slices are 'bigger than your face' and that's not a understatement, unless your name is Andre the Giant, and even then it might be accurate! For being a new face on Mill Ave I think they're going to fit in nicely.
4	Fun place to grab a bite with TV ' S and music blaring thru the restaurant. The decor is skateboard and fun.Shared a slice of Sicilian Pizza and Philly Cheesesteak Hoagie with deep fried mac and cheese along with deep fried oreos.I thought the Sicilian Pizza came with toppings but I guess I should have asked. The Philly Cheesesteak was good and hot with plenty of meat. Probably the best thing was the mac and cheese bites and the deep fried oreos.the drinks were in red plastic cups and the food was in paper lined plastic baskets. The waitress was awesome she made sure we were taken care of and the owner came by and thanked us for choosing to eat there.Will come back and try the other food.Enjoyed the experience
1	Went here for the first time today, never again. Bought the veggie Stromboli and it is by far the worst meal I have had. Overpriced, excessive wait time (took 40 min for my order) and horrible food. The Stromboli was greasy and weirdly soggy. The dough has no flavor whatsoever and after 40 min I was served undercooked dough. Ended up throwing the Stromboli away because it was not even close to edible. After spending $10 on lunch, hungry was the last thing I expected to feel. Avoid this place if you want good food. I would give this place negative stars if I could. My friend ended up throwing his second slice of pizza as well.
1	I think this is either the first or second time I have left a review for somebody but I felt I really needed to make the effort.  We were having to stay a few nights in Scottsdale and after a real tough day decided to just go to our hotel room and order a pizza.  I was able to order online and they gave us a delivery time.  A few minutes later that time was changed to an additional half hour but we excepted it.  We ordered the Supreme pizza which I think is the most expensive one on the menu and then were charge a delivery fee plus had to pay the gratuity online with a suggested 15%.  This made this the most expensive pizza either of us had ever ordered.  We were alright with that because we were hungry and tired and just wanted good food delivered.   This ended up being the the most expensive and worst pizza we had ever had.  We both agreed that a dollar microwavable pizza would have been better.  We threw out over half of the pizza because there was hardly any toppings on it and it was hard.  While eating it my tooth started to hurt and the next day I noticed I had actually broken the tooth on the pizza, which happened to be attached to a bridge so will eventually cost be lots of money.  We will continue to tell everybody we know in the Phoenix area to stay away.
5	Andris is a great manager. Always on point and as quick as can be with customers. Kibee is a great bartender. Tatum is extremely kind sweet and very nice when she is bar tending and serving. Great people and the food is amazing. Yes they do pizza amazingly here but it doesn't stop there. The Philly cheese steaks are great, deep fried Oreos (OMG) and all food here is great. Small but good selection of beers. Slices that can be ordered on the spot.
1	I LOVE pizza, and was looking forward to picking up a pie last night.  I'm sadly on a carb restricted diet, so I save up my calories for weekly treats like this, and this fell way short.  The pizza was undercooked, the sauce was way to sweet, and the cheese only covered half the pizza.  I would say that Gus's Pizza in Tempe is comparable, or probably actually better, but Spinelli's prices were about twice as high. I don't mind paying for good pizza (Cibo, Joe's NY Pizza, Ciao Grazie, Il Bosco, etc.) but this pizza just made me sad and angry.Taking a look at the reviews it looks like an even mix between customers that shared my experience, and fake reviews from people that clearly must be friends of employees here.
5	The owner, manager and employees of Spinelli's truly go above and beyond expectations. Since discovering this place I've ordered delivery twice and dined in 3 times .. This was a week and a half ago, my girlfriend and I tell all our friends about it for a few reasons: amazing atmosphere, very cool graffiti and urban decor everywhere, perfect customer service, they even made a minor mistake on an order and the manager made up for it 10 fold by paying for the whole meal. They really do care what you feel like when you're in the place and want you to love the food and truly use quality ingredients (best Philly cheese steaks in Arizona). Definitely would recommend to anyone and they deliver till 5AM!! They really do draw all types of people but could especially be seen as a new spot for more alternative crowds as they are heavily involved in supporting the music and tattoo crowd, but don't let that shy you away if it's not your thing. The drink prices and quality of food alone is worth the trip any day... Very happy this place opened up!
5	Popped in for a couple drinks, didn't get to try the food but everyone there was pretty fkn cool. Gracious and super attentive, they're doing it right. Gotta go back for some pizza and deep fried goodness
1	Went here on a Friday night, and it was busy. Not a big deal, it's Mill Ave on a Friday night. Everywhere is busy. It's a college town. My friends and I sat down, and waited 15 minutes for service. The only reason the server finally came over, is because we got another employee to bring someone over. I had gone up to the bar and asked if I could order food there, and was told no. Only for takeout. Well, that guy lied to me because I saw several people going up there and getting pizza slices and bringing them back to their tables. I ordered two beers since they were having specials, and was asked for my ID again even though I had on a wristband they made me get. Okay, fine. Then when I go back to get two more beers, I'm told I can only get one at a time. I said I just got two, and they try to tell me the liquor law states that I can only get one at a time. ANOTHER LIE. Seriously. You really expect every single person in the party to go up separately to get drinks when it's that busy? I just wanted two beers. I've been to bars all over Phoenix and nobody else has ever pulled that crap. Then we finally get to order, and it takes OVER AN HOUR for us to get some pizza slices. We were pissed. Then, on top of the wait time, the pizza was HORRIBLE. I've eaten at so many different pizza places in the Valley, and I swear to god even Pizza Hut has better pizza than this place. You can't even use being busy as an excuse for the pizza slices taking so long. All we had was cheese, and I have been to Venezia's Pizzeria in Tempe hundreds of times, and even on a super busy Friday night, I have never waited more than 10 minutes for my order when dining in. No excuses. Servers/bartenders were rude, food was terrible, and the atmosphere is pretty douche-y/pretentious. I will never waste my money here ever again. Your business won't last long if you keep this crap up. You need servers that know how to handle several tables at once and can keep things organized. Seriously... I know this wasn't your first Friday night on Mill Ave. I have no idea how you don't have your crap together.
1	Poop
5	Just ordered some pizza tonight after a long night out. Introduced spinellis pizza to some new friends and they loved it. They will be regulars of spinellis from here on out. Delivery was quick as could be with how busy they were and I will be ordering again when needed. Loving the late night hours.
4	Omg, the food was so delicious, haven't had great strombolli in years sooo happy;-) would gladly come back:-)
1	Terrible customer service, you have to wait for the bartenders at least 10 minutes. And they are pretty rude and condescending
5	I love this place. Been here 3 times so far, for a post-mill bite. Every single time I've been here, the staff has been very courteous and just plain awesome! The pizza is always fresh, interesting, and delicious. Most people who are reviewing negatively don't realize that you order pizza from the counter. Derp, pay attention. Anyways, make sure you do that. Don't just sit down cause that's not how it works. The ranch I'd also fantastic! Give this place a try for sure!
5	I ordered online for delivery last night and had to call in to clarify on some details about my order and I found the staff extremely accommodating. Delivery time was a little long compared to other places but it's really not a big deal considering the time I placed my order. The pizza slice is ridiculously large and fit for a giant; it was delicious. I ordered a Caesar salad along with my pizza and its like any other Caesar salad, portion also very large. To top off my order, I got 2 fried smores but I wasn't able to break into them since my food stuffed me up. :( I left it in the oven and I'll have to try it for my late afternoon snack. All in all, I will definitely order from this place again! P.S. It might seem pricey but for as much food as you're getting, it's really freaking cheap.
4	This place is pretty cool. Honestly come here because it's the only place open till 5am on weekday that isn't utter garbage but stay here for the relaxed staff, cool art, and for the fact that they sell deep fried Oreos. This place has a ton of food that is good enough to justify going in during the day and their prices aren't too bad. The pizza was good, the Mac and cheese bites were great, the pizza fries are only good if you're high and the deep fried Oreos are incredible. It's worth the trip but it is on mill so just be careful if you come fucked up. Always use a DD.
