5	I cant say enough good things about this place. I do not tan regularly but was going on a trip and didn't want to burn. I purchased a groupon and was treated very well.I have never been to a tanning salon where the girls work so hard and are so efficient. They quickly asked the right questions so that I wouldn't burn and got me into a bed. The few times I have had to wait was less than 12 mins and they quickly cleaned the bed as soon as it was open. They offered me specials and products. Always checking to make sure I had and was happy with the lotion I was using but I never felt pressured into buying anything.They have really great regular rates even if you don't purchase a contract. I will definitely be back.
4	This review is for the Versa spray tan machine. This spray tan could not be any simpler. Rotate through 4 positions - front, back, sides - and 2 minutes later you're done.  Definitely the easiest and quickest spray tan I've ever gotten. However, the tan is not the best quality. As a first time customer, I got a buy one get one free spray tan. I also purchased a groupon - $30 for 2. So I will be getting 4 tans for $15/ea, which is totally worth it. I would not pay $30 (reg price). You don't need an appointment, and the shop stays open until 11 pm. Great hours!
5	The staff here is very friendly and helpful. They are constantly running amazing specials. I've been coming here a few months and never had to pay full price. I should mention that full price is still cheaper than anywhere else around. They have 5 different levels of beds and spray tanning available. I have tried them all and am impressed. They change the bulbs often and always let you know so you don't burn. Check them out and watch for deals!
2	Faulty equipment and rude service!! I've come here before and had good service but this time was awful. I ask for 12 min, I go to my room, get undressed, press start button for my bed. First of all the numbers for the time aren't working on my bed. So I'm like ok I'll just count to make sure I'm in an appropriate amt of time. Then after being in the bed for just one minuet my bed turns off. So then I'm naked calling out the door from help. One of the girls comes to help me . She resets it...but when I press start the  numbers come back up but I can't tell what they are...I'm calling for her again naked behind my door she says it's for 8. I said my cut off at just 1 min after getting in...I should at least get 11. She then tells me I should switch beds. So now I get dressed and go to another room. We talk in the hallway I ask her to set it for 11. Go in my room, press start and it's for 10 min. Naked again and calling behind the door, she comes back and I ask her if she can set it for 11 like I asked because I had originally ordered 12 and the bed cut off after 1 min. She says no she can't reset it. I got upset, i had been naked, being shuffled to different rooms and not getting the time i asked and paid for. She would not reset it. I don't know why I as the customer have to get less time because of faulty equipment of the business. I just wanted the time I asked and paid for. Faulty equipment and sucky service. Any recommendations for other tanning places in Charlotte?
1	I tried this place a few times. Every time I went in they would try and sell me a membership even though I wouldn't have benefitted from it. The last time I went to buy a few sessions package and ended up leaving because they kept adding on fees. You have to bring your own goggles and show them or they make you buy ones. I'll never go back.
