3	I have played hockey here for years.The facilities are decent and the employees are friendly and helpful, I have become friends with many of them.The league prices are reasonable, compared to other facilities in town.There is a decent amount of teams and leagues for all levels.The game times for league hockey and pick-up hockey can be demanding, late times during the week, some after 10 pm. The priority is public skating and high school hockey. I guess they realize they can get away with it.The ice is usually pretty good, the locker rooms fairly clean. There is a pro shop with a limited supply of hockey/skating products for sale and the prices are pretty steep.Never had anything from the snack bar, but they offer items from hot chocolate to nachos. Kids birthday parties are available as well as private bookings and ice rental.
4	http://www.arcadiaice.com/I discovered Arcadia Ice Arena after responding to a Craigslist ad looking for a Program Director who knew how to ice skate.  I responded, and scheduled an interview with Jim - the owner.Let me begin by saying by Jim is one of the most inspirational and community-minded people I've ever met - and I've met quite a few.  He began working at the arena as a young teen, and continued to do so while he pursued his college degree in Accounting.  He went on to play pro hockey, winning a championship, and returned to the arena after a spending a short time as an accountant - because Arcadia Ice Arena means everything to him.Plain and simple - this place is still open because Jim loves hockey and he knows creative accounting.  He pours his heart and soul into this arena, and employs teens that could use a little mentoring.  Arcadia is lucky to have him.Yeah - the facilities are a little rough around the edges but that's hockey.  Jim showed me locker room repairs he'd made just a few days prior, explaining to me that its an impossible task to keep kids from smashing hockey sticks into everything; as a former child skater, I can relate wholeheartedly.Anyway, here's the best part.  At the rear of the arena, tucked behind the buildings, is my favorite bar in all of Phoenix.  Its a little divey, but its something special.  There's a few games, a free-standing fireplace, along with cold beer and an always-friendly bartender.  Behind her is a wall of glass, allowing you to watch the action on the rink from your bar stool.  I've never seen anything like it, and I guarantee you haven't either.  Its a must-visit.One more thing: Jim is open to any event or gathering that you could possibly dream up.  We talked about doing some roller-rink style parties come late spring, so stay tuned!
4	Last night I learned that I should have applied myself to ice skating at a young age. I am a naturally graceful and beautiful figure skater. I skated backwards, I did twirls and even executed a highly skilled jump, and I have not even been on a pair of skates for sixteen years.The pro shop did not have gloves, but quickly after getting on the ice I realized that I wouldn't need them because I was going to spend my time upright versus laying on the ice like I had anticipating before realizing how highly skilled of a skater I am. $8.25 (I think) paid my admission for two hours of skating and got me some sweet rental skates. I really wanted some graceful white ones, but I got brown. Fortunately I had leg warmers to complete my ensemble and tie everything together. Brown has never looked so good with sparkly gray tights before. There were plenty of places to pop a squat to put on your skates or take a break and they have lockers to stash your shoes and hand bags. It also appears they have a snack bar and vending machines, but I did not partake in any of those offerings. I did, however, partake in some libations at the Ice House, located at the east end of the rink. I love that my friends and acquaintances sat inside the bar sipping their bourbon watching us skaters from the comfort of their warm seats. I'm certain they were too intimidated by my amazing skating skills to join on the ice.If you thought THAT was impressive, just you wait... I am going to take lessons and next time we have an ice skating #pfn I will blow all of you away with my triple quadruple axle spin jumps.
4	One lap around the rink and my feet were cracking! How is it that everyone else around me can strap on a pair of skates and hit the ice without any sign of fear and with confident poise and precision?  Unfortunately, I would not be singing the phrase, look mom no hands, during this ice skating field trip as my attempt was a total fail.  It's a good thing I had Julia T. at my side to help guide me hand in hand during my 10 min lap. Her calming voice in my left ear reminding not to chip at the ice, glide from side to side, hold your balance, you're doing good, come on you got it, yea right! This was much easier said than done and I was happy to get off the ice after one, full, long, torturous lap around the arena.        So other than my lackluster debut, I'm giving a positive nod to AIA for a few very good reasons. Bringing me in out from the 113 degree heat, a very affordable activity, and for the quick getaway to the Ice House to partake in a before/after refreshment where next time, I'll be skating vicariously through my oh so cool friends. I'll be grinning from spectator box.
3	They didn't have my size in hockey skates, which actually worked out ok b/c the size smaller fit fine.  Blades were not sharp, but that's no surprise.  Price was entirely affordable.  I was a little intrigued that the open skate time was only two hours, fairly early, on a Friday night - obviously this place favors the hockey players, not that I have anything against that at all.  Anyway it translated out to a sizeable group of partially drunk Yelpers and Twitterers, a few junior high kids, and families w/ kids.  I didn't run anyone over this time, so that was a bonus.  Fairly cheap, too (my credit card says $8).  I'd do it again, just not all the time.  The location looks a little spooky, but it's really not too bad.
4	This is the best way to get out of the summer heat. I am not all that good of a skater; but who are we kidding neither are you :-) The rink is full regulation and they offer open public skate everyday. Prices are reasonable. The owner is a wonderful guy; who keeps the ice in awesome shape! I recommend checking the schedule for open skate times, and where a sweater or hoodie. It can be a little chilly inside!
4	From June to September, this is a great place to escape the heat.  You ideally need to bring a sweater and perhaps some gloves to keep you comfortable. When looking for this place, remember it's towards the back of the shopping plaza and is a few retailers East of the Wal-Mart. + + +'s = escaping the heat, friendly workers, nice rink, can hold parties. - - - 's = beaten up rental shoes (similar to other rinks and bowling alleys, maybe they sell them like that), not much to do beyond skating (i.e. old video arcade games)For a skate and an escape from the heat, this is a good place.
4	Decent ice but no good shinny times.  I'd be a much bigger fan if they had evening shinny available, even just once a week.
5	I read the reviews and met Jim and must agree that he IS the reason the rink is open and surviving- One heck of a nice guy and pasionate about the rink...must be a throw back to canada, eh?  It's not the newest most beautiful rink in town but the one I prefer to skate at. If you ahve not checked it out you should do so
1	This place is definitely showing its age. It has withstood time in that it is still in operation, but it is in dire need of some serious renovation.The "warm room", which is the snack bar, is often a disaster area.There is some sort of "camp" for kids, which apparently meets up in the warm room. Then destroys it. Then leaves it like that.I paid $2.50 for a "deluxe mocha", which was instant coffee, and powdered cocoa. How that constitutes "deluxe" I'll probably never know.There is no comfortable seating to be found anywhere.The skates were considerably aged.Ostensibly in an attempt to clear the condensation on the viewing glass (but failing miserably) there was a large fan blowing the cold air down toward the seating, just to ensure you weren't able to be warm at all. (Not a major problem the day I went, as it was approaching supernova temps outside)There was actually a diaper on the floor in the "warm room", that remained there for the entire duration I was at the rink, which was almost 3 hours.I would sooner pay the cost to go to the Ice Den. It is far cleaner, much more maintained, has comfortable seating, much more, and much better amenities.
2	I should start off by saying that we have taken the kids ice skating a few times at the Alltel ice den in N. Scottsdale.  A friend said we should try this place because it is a lot less crowded, which sounded nice because the open skate at the ice den can be chaotic and too crowded.  I should also say that I really wanted to like this place.  When we got there, it was not very clear where we pay for open skate and rent the skates.  We finally figured out that you have to go into the shop, so we went in and there was only one worker who was helping someone pick out skates, we had to wait a long time before she could ring us up to skate.  Then she didn't tell us where to go to get our skates, I had to ask her.  She pointed where to go, then she said she would be right there.  Is this a one-man operation??  So, again, we had to wait for her to come around.  The ice skates were in horrible condition, in my opinion, they seemed 30 years old!! We also rented some trainers for the kids.  (I couldn't believe we had to pay $5 each for them, they were made out of pvc pipe!!)The ice was incredibly choppy and was hard to skate on and the place was just kind of yucky.  The only good thing I can say about it is that there weren't a lot of people, but I can see why!  I really don't think it's any cheaper than the ice den, in fact, their trainers definitely cost more and are way less sturdy.  Even though the ice den is more crowded, we will go there next time...
3	Is a bar in an ice skating rink a good idea?  I'm not too sure it is, but I had no idea there was a bar when I took my kids here.  I noticed there were a bunch of adults sitting behind glass, but I thought they were just being lazy parents.  Crap!  I think I may have done better skating had I been a bit tipsy.  Oh well, next time!I had a groupon that was about to expire so we went on a Saturday during open skate.  There were 2 birthday parties going on at the same time so it was pretty packed.  I noticed that to pay for the skate assist walkers, you had to go inside the shop, pay, and then go out to the skate rental to get the walkers.  We had to wait 20 minutes to rent them because when we went to pay, there wasn't any available and the guy working the counter wouldn't take our $ until some were turned in.  The problem was, everytime one was turned in an adult would hurry to the rental counter saying they had paid, and they were just handing them out without double checking.  I finally had to convince the kid at the counter to just let me pay for it and I would stand at the rental counter and wait.  If it wasn't for my morals as well as setting a good example for my kids, I would have done the same thing as everyone else.  Paying $5ea for 3 kids to have walkers, when everyone else was getting them for free kind of sucked! My kids loved this place.  They had a lot of fun, and it was a cool break.  Other reviews said to bring gloves, sweaters, etc...  I didn't have the experience of being extra cold.  In fact, it was pretty warm, and no gloves are needed as long as you don't fall down.I agree, with other reviews that the ice isn't as smooth as it should be, the building is old and the facilities are shabby.  The outskirts of the rink are dirty and cluttered.  There is nothing nice or fancy about this place at all, but I would go back again because my kids had a good time and it was reasonably priced for skate time and rental.  Cheaper than going to the movies, and healthier for the kids.
1	This place is a train wreck in a refrigerator. Its very cold (which is to be expected) but also extremely dilapidated. The ceiling is falling in, its old and worn, and worst of all, there is NO ONE to control the children.  The children (which are more like teenagers) are running a muck, creating cracks in the ice and throwing it at other people. I don't like the ice throwing, and I don't like cold ceilings falling in. When asked if you should go to Arcadia say, "No!"
3	Once a month, I come to watch my friend's  hockey team play here after it has closed to the general public. At night, the parking lot is extra sketchy. Inside, it smells like a men's locker room. Or maybe the smell is coming from the actual players? The employees are friendly and it's relatively clean (no trash on ground). I never use the public restrooms. They have a bar!
4	Decent little place considering ice skating rinks are a moribund enterprise. Only open Saturday nights but it's cheap, $8 an hour, skates are kinda old and hurt my feet but other than that it was a fun time.
5	I absolutely love this place. I moved to Arizona a year ago and was looking to find a place to play hockey when I found Arcadia. The employees were super friendly and the ice conditions were great. I now play at least three times a week there and help coach on the weekends. I love the people and the humble feel Arcadia welcomes. It is not the prettiest rink but the manager just had the walls repainted. The area is kind of sketchy at night but I have never felt unsafe. I have skated at other rinks now like the Polar Ice Rinks,  the Ice Den, and even Jobbing.com and I can't get enough of the ice and family feel at Arcadia. I give it 5 stars.
4	Sometimes, an establishment gets an extra star boost for being unique. As the only ice rink in Phoenix, Arcadia Ice Arena is just that kind of place. And, needless to say, in an area that is consistently warm and a goddamn inferno in several months of the year, why shouldn't I reward a place that allows me to enter frigid temperatures and relax by taking a few spins around the ice? Granted, the place is in a moderately sketchy shopping center and the arena itself is rundown, but the staff is generally nice, the ice is well maintained and the prices are affordable (even before the recent slurry of Groupons). And, yes, I did just use a ice-related word. The best part about Arcadia Ice Arena? The fantastic bar, Ice House, featuring a ton of different local and craft beers, microwave popcorn, live music on weekend nights, darts and a great view of the rink. What a one-of-a-kind experience to have here in the Valley of the Sun!
1	DONT COME HERE! Groupon users beware! I saw a sweet deal on groupon (15$ for four people for open skate) that was only a sweet deal online. The skates were so worn our feet had bruises on them afterwards. The lady who helped us with our skate size gave us all a size up even when we asked for a smaller size! It was so uncomfortable and very difficult to skate it in. As we managed to make the best of it  but could not bare we headed off the ice and a hockey coach saw our shoes were to big and mentioned next time we should get smaller skates on our way out. We also got off the ice because they rushed us off by starting to cleaning the ice 20 minutes before our time was up. Oh yeah It's also very hidden and hard to find.
4	Before pop culture coined the term tween; but only by about a year or two, I had the privilege of playing ice hockey as a young teen. I had a few 'wordy' on ice debates over this or that during a peewee season. "I think you'll like they way I use 'Pow!', 'Bam!', and 'Zap!' in a sentence." I 'politely' explained to the defense-man, alas, I was cordially invited to take a 'break' from the sport I so loved. Time marches on, or so the song goes, and fifteen years later I still hadn't picked it back up.Shazam! I got this wonder-brained idea about a year ago, I'm going to play ice hockey again! Fifteen years later, the call to get back on the ice was overwhelming, I felt like Uncle Sam himself was calling me to serve my country, do my duty, stand up and take action! I spent a few months debating weather I would do it or not and decided to take the plunge.Being the frugal person I am, I chose to pay the entire season instead of game by game. You'll spend closer to $20 per league game, instead of $25 by paying it upfront. I picked up a few new pieces of necessary gear I didn't already own, a helmet, gloves, athletic protector (those boys are sensitive you know) ;-), and away I went. Suiting up that first time, brought back that feeling of sporting camaraderie you can't find anywhere, at least outside of a locker room. Taped the hockey stick, laced up the skates, pulled on the jersey, buttoned up the helmet, and away I went. The puck dropped for my first rotation on the ice, I skated my heart out, and holy cr*p! What the heck was I thinking! OMG, I think I'm about to die, right here, on the ice.I looked up at the clock, and it was only about 67 seconds into the game, go figure. My next thought was "I knew I shouldn't have paid the 'entire' season. Now I have to come back :-/ "Fast forward nine months, I'm still going back week after week. I can finally make it back to the car after a game without limping the entire way there, and no longer feel like I'm punishing myself for the future possibility of keeping up in Adult League Ice Hockey.I've been told by a number of skaters that while Arcadia doesn't have the best facility, they've got one of the better patches of ice in the valley. Lucky for me, I live only a few miles from here, short commute!Check them out for a free skate, drop in for an open hockey, or join me for C-League. There's always a beginner class happening on the weekend for anyone interested, they'll even loan you out some gear if you'd like to 'try before you buy' so to speak.Happy Yelping Phoenix, see you on the ice!
5	I like coming to Arcadia Ice Den for two reasons.  The first one is that I love ice skating and second my husband plays hockey here.  Patently this ice rank is the best one in town.  It may not be in the best around of town.  But the ice rank is really nice. So if you want to go ice skating somewhere and are in the arcadia area you should come here to ice skate.
5	We'd been to Arcadia ice a couple of times before deciding to have our 6 year old's birthday party there. Although far less flashy than the ice den in northern scottsdale, Arcadia has the essentials down. Their equipment is fairly old and worn out - but the issues I found with the skates and facilities were solely aesthetic issues. The skates work well and the ice surface is well maintained. The staff is helpful and the place has a genuine neighborhood feel. The public skates we've attended at Arcadia don't have the frenetic feel of those we've attended at the ice den, as they limit the number of participants to what appears to me to be a reasonable number.The party we had was reasonably priced (at least a hundred dollars cheaper than the offering at the ice den), and the staff was very helpful and dedicated. From our party helper who handled skate fitting and pizza serving, to the instructor who gathered our kids and have a lesson, to the Zammboni driver who conversed with our 6 yr old the entire ride; everyone involved made the day great. As long as you can stomach a slightly non-polished experience, save your money and avoid the crowds at Arcadia ice.
5	I've been going there for a number of years and it's a great place to be away from the 100 degree heat for awhile.  I definitely agree with Craig about the aesthetics, it's an old rink, not flashy; it's homey to me -- reminds me a little bit of the McFetridge Sports Center in Chicago, but without the inside bar.The only things I care about are (not necessarily in that order, but must be present): * my skates are sharpened just right at the right price (yay!)* a place to lock up my stuff, glide/fall numerous times on the ice, afterwards get a beer at the bar (tucked way in the back so the kids don't see it) *consistently friendly staff*happy kids and parents as a bonus (I don't mind lookin' out for the kids as they zip by me at 10mph)
5	Great rink no matter what level of skater you are.  Open skates are not crowded. I learned how to play hockey here as an adult and now my daughter is learning here.  They follow USA Hockey's ADM program giving my daughter a solid base to thrive on. They always have the Kids First program giving kids 4 weeks of hockey(skating) lessons for free. Great way to try it out without having to spend a lot of money.
5	I took my five year old skating for the first time. While trying to teach her to skate I noticed an advertisement for the now, Little Howlers, program. I inquired and was surprised that they offer free skating lessons to kids for 4 Saturdays during the month. This includes skates, helmet, all pads, and a jersey. You can  take your kid to practice in between classes and they won't get hurt while wearing the equipment. A big thanks to the Coyotes who sponsor the class and make this happen. The staff is really amazing, friendly, and helpful. My daughter is very shy so I have been getting her involved in a lot of activities to try and break her shy barrier. I expected her to cry but what I wasn't expecting was the personalized attention she got from one of the ice skating coaches, Michelle Clarke. Thanks to Michelle my daughter absolutely loves ice skating. Many thanks to the other coaches who are teaching as well. She can't stop talking about going back.
1	Awful. Just awful. We spent the majority of our visit trying to find a pair of skates that fit, which never happened. After coming to terms with the fact that these decrepit old skates were never going to fit properly we hit the "ice". I say it that way because this was more like lumpy bumpy broken glass. The zamboni didn't make an appearance until free skate was over and it was time for us to leave. The blades on the skates were so dull that when paired with the ice rink that was mostly snow cone by now it was near impossible to skate. So my feet are wrecked and I skated for a probable collective fifteen minutes. Run down dirty old facility that obviously isn't very well up kept. Had it not been for the groupon we'd have never come and we won't be returning. #myfeethurt #ghettoice
2	This place was so dingy.  The skates looked disgusting like someone or something had been chewing on them.  The facility really needs an uplift.  The ice was really choppy too. Almost could not find the location and no parking at the front of venue, only on the side or back. This was just weird since the place is in large shopping center.
