5	I have gone through many nail salons and I can undoubtedly say that Q Nails & Spa is the best. Q and his staff are so friendly and always make my experience there worth while. All of the equipment is new and the store is very clean. I've taken my bestfriends, coworkers, mom, and sister there and they all love Q and his staff. I would definitely recommend this shop to anyone looking for great quality nails and an exceptional experience to go with it!
5	Love Q!!!  He is amazing, he really takes pride in his work.  I have been getting my nails done with Q for 5 years and I will not go to anywhere else.  Super clean and nice.  You can come and relax here.  Come and see Q, you won't be disappointed.
5	Q is awesome, check them out.
5	Great service! Clean! Loved my pedicure and gel manicure. The first visit, they even stayed late to do all the services that I wanted.
5	Q was awesome! Walked in and they took care of me.  Very clean and relaxing.  Took the extra time on my desert feet! Even changed my toe polish when I decided I liked a different color better than my first choice.  I will definitely be going back.
5	Love this place!!!! Super clean and the people working are sweet!!! Q is awesome  and accommodating!!
5	Q and Mimi are the best! The environment is very welcoming and tranquil. Cleanest nail salon in town. It's the best way to spend an afternoon!
5	This has got to be the BEST nail salon in Vegas! I send all of my girlfriends here and will continue to do so long as Mimi and Q continue to take such awesome care of me and my nail beds :) I moved here from Texas where I'm used to getting my nails done regularly and not having to pay a pinky toe to do so... their  prices are super decent for the atmosphere and the quality of nails they do. Mimi does my shellac mani and most all other places I have gone to, it chips and peels within a week, but since I've been going to Mimi, the shellac stays chip free for 3 weeks! Q Nails is the only place I'll go for my nails as long as I live in Vegas :)
3	This salon was nice, clean, and they had a wide variety of nail polish and gels. They also sat you down in massage chairs while you got your pedicure, very cool! I decided to check this place out because they were advertising $20 for gels, so I thought  that I would be able to get a gel manicure for $20, but the owner explained that a gel manicure would actually cost $30.  Oh well,  I decided to get the $35 mani pedi without the gel. The problem I had with this place was that they 'nickled and dimed' me. Since I live in a desert and wear flip flops all the time, the skin on the soles of my feet get really dry so I like to get pedicures in order to remove it. The lady giving my a pedicure told me that it would be an extra $5! Um .. no other place has ever charged me extra... Then I had some residual gel nail polish on 3  of my fingers so she charged me another $5 to remove it. ( Is that normal? )So my mani pedi ended up costing me $45 instead of $35.   I write my reviews with the intention of improving someone's business. I am giving this place the benefit of the doubt ( I struggled between giving them 2 stars or 3 stars)  but I just thought I would give you all a heads up.
5	This is place is great. Q is awesome. The staff is always friendly and welcoming. Products and quality of the work can't be beat. I wouldn't go any where else!!!
5	I love this salon, they are good at pink & white nails. I had perfect nails on the evening party last Saturday. Thank yu.
4	PROSvery nice/friendly staffVery cleanused new tools from sealed bagnice new massage chairsCONSPricey $45 for gel spa pedi +$5 for glitter colorannoying music playingtv on but no soundI would go back just wish they would play dvds or a popular radio station
5	I'm sold. This is my new nail place. I've tried numerous nail salons around town, and frankly haven't been impressed by most of them. Some of the salons have rude staff, some skimp on services in an attempt to rush you out the door, and others just do poor quality work in general. My experience at Q Nails has been the exact opposite. Everyone who works there is super friendly and they genuinely care about getting to know their clients. They take their time and the quality of work is amazing. I got a regular pedicure (not gel) and it still looks absolutely flawless 2 weeks later.
5	After hitting at least 4 nail salons I've finally found my nail place. Moving is stressful enough - finding all of the entities hair, nails, dry cleaners, grocers adds to the disarray. I was about ready to give up - go au natural. On fluke found Q Nails - called for an immediate appt. - got in and am feeling an attachment growing. Clean, easy to access, professional, great vibe - I'm staying!
5	They were the most friendly nail ladies I have ever gone to, you could see that it was clean , and they did a great job!! The only CON would be that thy charge $5 for every little thing extra, but that's just about everywhere that does that! Am I right??
5	It's been over two weeks since I've visited Q Nails and my pedicure still looks perfect. My manicure barely just started chipping and peeling in the past few days and I finally removed the polish. They have excellent quality mani/pedis here, the best I have had in a while. The price is a little bit higher than normal, especially compared to Los Angeles, but the quality makes it all worth it. Q makes you feel like you've known thisplace for years. Everyone is cordial, polite, and once you get comfy, that's when they start cracking jokes and teasing you about silly stuff, like relationship statuses and where to find hot guys in Vegas!
4	Great service, awesome people and AWESOME job with my nails :)
5	This is my favorite nail salon!! They always do a fantastic job. Very friendly and personable. Clean salon, and they don't settle for less than perfection!! Acrylic nails are very thin - huge selection of gel colors and glitter!!  price point is a little above average, but you get what you pay for. It's worth it!
5	This is a great place to get your nails done. It's very clean and they sanitize their tools before using on a client. Great customer service; they offer you a drink before starting.
5	Ive lived in vegas my whole life and have been to however many spas, no place has ever done acrylics as well as they have. I see Mary for everything and every single time I am the happiest little girl. You can really tell they put in their time, and care about the quality of work they do. Anyone who has anything bad to say about this place honestly was more than likely rude and demanding. Anyone who says they are over priced are just conflicted by the fact you have to pay more for better service. You wouldnt go to mcdonalds for a gourmet burger would you??? Ive had pedicure, facials, manicure, and full sets done here and every service has been great. The staff is incredibly welcoming and makes sure you are comfortable and enjoying yourself.
5	First time at this nail place. Went here based on yelp reviews.... and I'm very much impressed with my technician's pedicure service. The owner, Q, did my gel nails and did a superb job!
5	Amazing customer service! Definitely coming back! Reasonable prices and discounts. I got a gel mani for $35 which isn't bad for me. Staff were really friendly and offered beverage while we waited. It's better to make an appointment rather than a walk in. They also do eyelash extensions and waxing which is cool.
5	Well the 22 reviews prior to mine absolutely live up to the expectations.... This place is exactly how I wish nail service was everywhere!  the greeting from Q was of someone who was excited to meet new clients and please them.  The nail job was impeccable... My French tip pedi and pink and white mani look amazing.  Everything in clean and organized - go here.
5	I am a regular at this nail salon for the past few months now and I just realized that I have not yet written a review ! So here it goes... I have tried many salons since I have been in vegas and this one is by far the best! My nails do not lift ! I can go almost three weeks without a fill, and the pedicures are wonderful! Besides the amazing job they do on my nails , there customer service is excellent ! They take care of there customers and they are extremely friendly and personable , hopefully this will be my nail salon for as long as I am here .
5	They do an awesome job every time we go. Being diabetic they take real good care of me. Lee is done mine the past two times  and done awesome.
5	Impeccable service + perfect nails! The entire shop is very clean. Things I appreciated: good quality massage chairs, a UV machine separate for each hand (so you don't have to keep shuffling it around), and the nice personalities of and warm welcome from the staff. Will definitely have to make it back here
2	I give this place 2 stars. The shop was clean and decorated for christmas. Customer service was great and I was  out in the right amount of time. I unfortunately got the new guy and it was not a good experience. I have four cuts and he filed my nails down as far as they could go which was not requested. He was very rough and you could tell he was new. The girl who was doing my friends nails had to correct his work and finish my nails. I won't be back because if him....
5	I will never go anywhere else!I went to Q Nails for the first time today and am so glad I did.  The place was spotless and comfortable.  Every member of their staff was so welcoming and concerned with the quality of service.  JoJo did my pedicure and was AWESOME!  I have never had such impeccably trimmed cuticles.  So great! BONUS:  They have a rewards program!  Per every so many stamps on your card you get $5 off.  Highly recommend!
5	5 stars for this place! Amazing service! The best nail salon I have gone to so far & the best pedicure ever!
