5	Moved to Chicago 6 months ago. I am in desperate need to find pizza like Napoli's has! I can't find it! This place has great pizza and wings - I miss it. I think I am going to cry.....
5	Pizza By Napoli how I love thee.This is how I would picture a little mom and pop shop in the big city back east.  Everyone speaking in thick italian accents and the type of people you would love to have as friends.I always order the large meatball pie and my friends, it fuggin rules.  Thin slices of what you know are a great italian grandmas recipe passed on for generations.  Great mild sauce and thin and crispy crust.  This is in my top 5 pizza joints in AZ falling only to Nellos.The dine in experience is a must, old school booths, old school arcade games, sports on the TV.  It reminds me of a time before the 30 minutes or its free delivery craze.  When people would sit down and enjoy a pie right out of the oven.  Even the high chairs are old school and full of metal.If you call in take out, remember your assigned number given on the phone.  They'll love you for it.In closing, Napoli kicks arse frenz....................
3	I completely agree with what the other reviewers have written about the staff here and the interior. The interior obviously hasn't been changed in ages. But that's great, because it reminds me so much of a pizza parlor my family used to frequent when I was a kid. The guy behind the counter was totally an extra from a mob movie. I wouldn't be surprised if he was in the Witness Protection Program. He called me "sweetheart" a lot, and it was very endearing and not offensive. It's all about the tone, you know?As for the food, the pizza crust and sauce were top notch. I loved the crust especially. It was more on the thin side, and light and crispy. A sign in the shop boasts that they make their dough daily. I believe it.Other items didn't fare as well. The toppings were sub-par. The Italian sausage was weird little BBs of meat, and they use canned mushrooms. Canned mushrooms are a peeve of mine, yet I always forget to ask if that's what they use.The antipasto salad was 90% iceberg lettuce, with a few thin shavings of sub meat and cheese on top, a tablespoon of black olives, and one pepperoncini. The dressing was of the goopy Italian variety, like you'd find at a salad bar.I would go back, but would just have pizza, and I would choose my toppings carefully.
4	If ye on thee west side, ye must indulge thine's hunger with Pizza by Napoli.This is your basic pizza joint.  Nothing special, just damn good NY style pizza.They have cheap lunch slice specials.  Anytime I'm over in this area I'll hit up a couple of slices here... they still remember me from when I lived in the area and it's been like 3 years.Ironically, the family that owns it looks mobster like, but they're from Albania, not Sicily.
3	Make Great Success, The Pizza By Napoli Way!1. Find a major road (in this case Thunderbird) and set up shop at the nearest available crossroads. Don't worry about location, though. Given the size of Phoenix, the chances that you'll be a five-minute drive from AT LEAST THREE other dine-in pizza places is pretty low.2. Decorate the place once, and leave it. In the pizza game, you can never look too "vintage".3. The one or two guys with the heaviest accents? Put them on the register. You want to look authentic.4. Don't waste time worrying about a "diverse menu". Just serve the same pizza and wings as your competition. People don't eat pizza for the taste, they eat it for nostalgia, and with that decades-old decor and Old World accents, NOBODY will be more nostalgic than you, baby!5. Charge extra for everything. Soda refills. Ranch cups. When they gotta pay fifty cents more for it, it tastes better. It's science. 6. Since you're right by ASU West, why don't you offer a lunch special for all of those hungry students? Hey now, don't get ahead of yourself. Just offer two slices of your most generic (in this case, cheese) pie at a "reduced" price. If you make the slices light enough, they'll spring for a third or some wings. After eating Aramark food the other four days a week, college students will pay stupid coin for "authentic" pizza with a quirky "retro" feel. 7. Don't tell anyone that you're actually from Albania, and not Sicily. You'll lose your street cred.8. Uh...we thought we could stretch this out to 10 but that's really all you need. Oh, if you want you can set up an arcade machine (preferably one of a, yup, you guessed it, a 2D fighter...see? You're getting where we're coming from) in the corner just in case they don't want to spend their fifty cents to refill their mountain dew. You'll get those bastards one way or another.9...Very nice!?
4	Great lunch spot that we frequent quite a bit. The calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect. No frills with this place, just simple and good food.
3	Pizza here is actually really good. The crust is nice and crisp, just like i like it. Refills are not free (soda) and their other menu items are not impressive. Get the pizza!
5	Better lunch prices than the fast food chains.I've been coming here for years.  Actually, back in the day when I still lived on this side of town, I ate here 3-6 times per week.  My favs include the antipasto salad, steak special + jalapenos sub, and fried mushrooms.  You can't beat the 2 slice lunch special for like 4 bucks i think. The pizza &  wing special is classic.  Family owned by Italian guys with humor.  Sheck 'em out!I wish they had one of these on the Eastside and then I wouldn't have 2 wonder what I'm having 4 dinner everynite.     ;' (
4	Oh yeah this place is so good! The italian guys who run this place are way cool and they will totally remember you after a few visits. I order my pizza well done and when I get there to pick up the pizza they always make sure it looks just the way I want it. Great Crust! The wings are great and the pizza is even better. Its hard to believe that people order crap like Pizza Hut, Dominos, and Papa Johns when you can get Good pizza at Napoli for the same price or cheaper. Whatever. Great lunch specials and the sandwiches are great to. I feel like im in a pizza joint in New York when I go here.
5	A family owned restaurant that has great prices, great food and a great atmosphere.Someone mentioned that the inside is kinda "meh." But when you go into this place you will understand that it is just a mom and pops place. It has a lot of character and most importantly THEY KEEP IT CLEAN.Their crust is always crunchy and their pizza is fresh. They are kind and love what they do. Try their calazones and their hot sandwiches. To die for.Priced right for lunch or dinner and great to get for sport events at the house.
4	Another great pizza from this place. This  pic is the Sicilian with pepperoni.
5	Pizza by Napoli will always have a place in my heart. I have been frequenting this place for over 7 years now and NOT ONCE has it compromised in taste, style or service. I know when I go there years from now, I will get to enjoy every reason that makes this place special for me. Taste-wise, I can speak for the pizza, wings and beer as this is all I ever want when I go...BECAUSE THERE SO DAMN GOOD!!! The pizza has an amazing taste to the sauce that can only be experienced and that will hopefully one day be recognized as the sauce all pizza should use! The wings have a nice crunchiness but are still traditionally bathed in an awesome wing sauce and worth every bit of mess you make of yourself. The beer is served right and makes the food that much better. When I say served right; I'm speaking of the thick, LARGE, glass pitcher that you could use to battle any incoming zombies or just use it to fill up the ice dripping mugs! Keep in mind, this place has a huge menu so don't think there only as good as pizza and wings. Best of all is it is very affordable as I have never thought I paid too much and if your looking for a cheap lunch special, they have it! As for atmosphere, it is very down to earth, no frills, just some beer signs and simple pictures of Napoli or some far off Italian hillside. The exact same group of guys has been there every time I have went and I actually don't know if they ever leave. Every time you see them they are cleaning or breaking down some machine to clean because it took a beating during lunch time. These guys have an awesome "tough as nails" Italian attitude and can come off pushy when placing your order for lunch but for god sake it's lunch time; it's busy, live with it! For dinner, you order it up front and then they bring it to you instead of picking it up from the front and don't worry, at this time the guys are all very gracious. Overall, this place is a classic and if your looking for great pizza in Phoenix; this is your place, if you just feel like something a little better for a pizza to take home; this is your place; if you want a genuine, down to earth experience; this is your place!
5	If you like your non chain pizza restaurants then this is the place to go! This is your typical family owned place that servers awesome pizza and calzones. There calzones are huge and I always have left overs. The prices are excellent and they offer quite a few specials! Give it a shot, you wont be disappointed!
4	I had been wanting to try Pizza by Napoli for a while now, so when we were in the area this evening we just had to stop in. Located in a strip adjacent to Fry's, its windows are covered in neon painted specials; perhaps not as aesthetically pleasing as one might expect. Do not let this deter you! The inside is just as unfancy shmancy as the out, but the owner and staff are extremely welcoming and make you feel right at home.We ordered a siciliana half pepperoni half red pepper, a small (15 (!), the smallest quantity the offer) order of medium wings, and the hubs ordered a bottle of Miller High Life. We took a seat and waited probably 20 minutes or so (seemingly longer because we were so hungry), and were greeted with an enormous plate of wings and an equally large pizza. The pizza? Different than most, I'd say. The sauce was heavily spiced and had an intensely robust flavor. Not at all what I expected but still delicious. The wings? YUM. I could live on hot wings and am always on the prowl for the best, and these come pretty close. Perfectly fried and extra crispy, the sauce was spicy (though I'll order 'hot' next time) and flavorful. After stuffing ourselves silly we still packed up 3/4 of the pizza and over half the wings to go. And guess what? Our tab came to a whopping $26. Please, sense the sarcasm. $26 for a massive amount of food? Right on. Also, I feel terrible for not carrying cash, because I wasn't able to leave a tip at the table, and credit card receipts don't give the option for tips (nor did I see a tip jar anywhere). For all I know they're humbled and don't expect them, but next time I'll be sure to bring a few bucks to leave behind.For a laid back evening of pizza, wings, and beer, we'll so be back to Napoli's. I'm also looking forward to trying the hoagies and salads. Do yourself a favor, if you're on the west side stop in for a pizza and wings (or take them to go!), you'll be thanking me later.
4	Nice homey feeling at this family ran business.  Found it on yelp looking for a place to have some pizza on a side of phoenix I want familiar with.  The pizza was great with its big slices, im a big guy and was filled up after two, but the hot wings stole the show. Nice and crispy just the way we like them with just enough sauce. The service was warm and inviting and we will definitely go back if ever on that side of town again.
1	YIKES!  There is no way this place deserves five stars!  The pizza was so bad I had to go to Fry's to get something else for lunch... but then again, I guess at $4 for two slices and a drink, you get what you pay for.'Homey' is not a word I would use to describe this place.  The family of aggressively accented men who run the place are probably the most interesting thing about it... but it's not enough to make up for the rest of it.  I am definitely not coming back.  Just gross.
4	After finding it on Yelp and reading the reviews I decided to try it.  Its a small, local place located on the West side of the Fry's shopping center.  Its around on the side that faces 35th so its a bit remote to find.   I had to make an effort to locate it but glad I did.  Lots of local customers, many appear Italian and it is a simple place that is very comfortable.I really liked the crust, slightly thin, crispy on the bottom a bit soft on the top.  I had two slices of Pepperoni and a 20oz soda, total with tax under $5.  Some excessive oil, probably from the pepperoni so I think next time I'll try something different like veggies, perhaps mushrooms or olives
4	Ordered a large mushroom and olive Napoliatana style pizza and it was far better than the pepperoni I had last time.  The herbs in the sauce came through much better and the crust was wonderful.
3	Eaten here a few times over the years. It's owned/run by actual New Yorkers (though not 100% sure if they're Italian) and the style of food reflects that. The pizza slices are thin, greasy and huge - REAL pizza - and then reheated in a brick oven to order as well as new pizza baked fresh throughout the day. I got two large cheese slices and a drink for less than $4. Good food, good deal.
4	I grew up eating Ray's Pizza at 59th/Greenway.  I find the pizza at Napoli to be quite similar if not exactly the same.  I think Napoli does the crust better.  Wings are good too.
5	Always a treat. Family owned and it's been the same people for as long as I can remember. Their food is tasty and is perfect for a quick bite or for watching any sporting event at the house. The pizza and wings special is delicious. Best way to order their pizza/wings is 'well-done'. Great sandwiches too. I've witnessed them cleaning every inch of the kitchen area on multiple occasions, even as far behind major appliances as they can go on a nightly basis.
3	I love pizza but didnt like howthe edges of the deep dish were so hard :( next time will order thin crust, sauce is really good here:)
4	Very good thin crust pizza.
4	I've gone to Napoli a few times in the past month and I'm still digging them...a lot! First a word on my ratings; I rate within the genre.  So when I give something four or five stars, I'm taking into consideration the type of joint I'm reviewing.I've had slices of the thin crust cheese, sausage and meatball pizza so far and have tried the meatball and sausage calzones.  All were seriously good, with the meatball being my favorite of both.  However my wife loves the sausage (...hmm, no good way to write that one).  We've had the wings once and although there were very good, they are the reason why I didn't rate this place a five.  They were extra heavy on the vinegar, but that may have just been an anomaly so I'll be giving them another go. This place has replaced Lucky's Pizza as my go to calzone spot and just may replace my preferred wing place too.  Time will tell.One last thing, I've read some reviews by people attesting to the fact that the owners are authentic Italian immigrants.  I hate to break it to you but despite what you've heard or even what the owners told you themselves, they're actually Albanian.  But don't let that bother you though, you don't have to be Italian to make good pie!
5	The pizza here is excellent! It's super thin and crunchy, great sauce. Really quick, friendly and relaxed service. I had a pepperoni slice and it was great!
5	Are you having a craving for some thin crispy crusted delicious pizza?  Well this is the place that I go to.  They have some great specials (2 slices of cheese pizza and a pop for like 5 bucks) and some great food.  I've only had the calzones and the slices of pizza here, but they have a good bit of other stuff too.
5	Our family LOVED the Pizzas.  The staff was very friendly to us.  We ordered Pepperoni & Sausage and a Cheese Pizza. The crusts was crunchy!  Even the bottom of the pizza!  By far the best meal we had on our AZ vacation.  Too bad we found it on our last night.  We will be back again next year during our Spring Training vacation.  Leaving there left me craving more!   It was not crowded and it was quiet.  Very comfy and casual.
5	I have been going to this awesome little pizza joint for over 15 years.  It might not be as long as some others who have reviewed this restaurant but I think it is enough to say I have eaten here a few times before.The first thing I started eating was very simple, pizza and wings.  It really is a great combo and I have never been disappointed.  Cheese to the works will surely satisfy.  My wife likes getting sausage and mushroom while I am just fine with a pepperoni topping.  I have to say whatever we get I really don't mind because it will be good.  The wings are just as good as the pizza.  They are well cooked, the sauces are graded just right between the desired flavor and heat and just like the pizza they have never disappointed.  Don't question if you should get them, just how many.After a few years of pizza and wings I looked up one day while at the counter and noticed they had a menu!  On that menu is everything you can think of in a pizzeria style restaurant.  Subs, salads, calzones, fried cheese sticks, and the list goes on.  I will only touch on a couple of items.  The next thing I really was addicted to was the steak and cheese.  I started eating them with mushrooms and peppers but over time I ended eating them with just the steak and cheese.  Hot, delicious steak, perfectly melted cheese all stuffed into wonderful bread which is then toasted at the end.  Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.  I also have been known to get a calzone from time to time.  I have had them all and each is about the size of a couch cushion.  I have never been able to finish one in a single sitting but the flavor really tempts you to try.  No bother; take it home and finish it when your appetite returns.  Reheating is a sin but not taking the rest home to finish it is a bigger sin.I would be remiss if I didn't talk about the family that runs the restaurant.  Having gone here for over 15 years I have grown with them almost.  I have literally seen their children grow up and now a few of them can be seen behind the counter giving you the same great service I have known all this time.  Those who go enough know that you get a little extra conversation when you walk through the doors.  I try and understand everything they say but I rarely get everything between the thick accents.Overall a great place to go get your meal.  Lunch or dinner, alone or with the family, you will get great food.  I have a warning though; you may not want to go to Pizza by Napoli if you live far away.  I moved away and now have to drive 20 miles to get my old favorite.  Small price to pay.
4	Only had the lunch special (2 slices and a drink).  Had it a few times and it's a great value and a decent slice of pizza.  They don't skimp on the toppings either.I used to eat at Lucky's in North Peoria all the time and this place really reminds me them.  Thin crispy crust with a nice amount of crunch and chew.  Nothing like the pre-made garbage you get at the chains.  You can tell this dough is made fresh.Don't expect high end fixtures or fancy toppings, just good basic pizza at a good price.
4	Kids and I had the pizza and wings special. The hot wings were crispy perfect and just hot enough. The pizza came out shortly after the wings. The sauce was the best I've tasted in a long time with a hint of oregano but not overpowering. The price was definitely right and the kids gave the final seal of approval with both of them saying "we have to come back here". Needless to say, we will be back!
4	I dig this place. It has been around for as long as I can remember. My parents used to get it when I was a kid, but money was tight and they opted for Little Caesars usually. I live in the area again and wanted to try this place out again.The pizza was phenomenal! The crust was so good, my kid was even eating it (usually gives her scrapes to me). Everyone in my family enjoyed it, we will be going back here for sure.
3	I have one complaint. I ordered a pizza with green peppers on it and they were the worst green peppers I've had in my life. I picked them all off and the pizza was pretty good.  So I'll go there again and just avoid the green peppers.
2	I had a craving for spaghetti with meatballs, salad and garlic bread but didn't want to sit in a restaurant alone so I stopped at Napoli for to go order.  Disappointment multipled.  Unappealing flavor for spaghetti sauce, pasta not done enough, garlic bread turned out to be a sub roll that I had to turn into garlic bread at home myself, no salad included in take out orders and so so meatballs.  Frowny faces from the guys working there.  Only bright light was the woman who smiled out me when she handed me my drink.
4	Since the sale of and subsequent closure of Paesanos on 43rd Ave and T-bird, I've been in search of a replacement. While nothing will really be Paesanos, Pizza by Napoli is a decent enough substitute in the Glendale area that satisfies the craving and doesn't make leave you disappointed. Crust is just crusty on the outside with a little doughiness on the inside...just right. The sauce is just the right balance of acid and sweet. The cheese is very fresh and not overwhelming. The pepperoni wasn't greasy at all so you know that they get the good stuff. Overall, a nice pie that makes you look forward to more!
4	I have eaten here for lunch many times, and the lunch special is a great value and a decent slice of pizza.  They don't skimp on the toppings either.  I have tried most of the menu since I first wrote this.  Calzones are quite good, but a little different than most I have tried.  They put a little bit of cream cheese in the ricotta mix and I really like it.  Wings are fairly standard pizza joint wings.  Nothing really sets them apart, but they are good.  The sandwiches I have tried have all been good as well.  The meatball sub is tons better than the chain right next door.  Large meatballs, real mozz, and a good amount of sauce.  I used to eat at Lucky's in North Peoria all the time and this place really reminds me them.  Thin crispy crust with a nice amount of crunch and chew.  Nothing like the pre-made garbage you get at the chains.  You can tell this dough is made fresh.  Don't expect high end fixtures or fancy toppings, just good basic pizza at a good price.
4	I like this spot, tastes good compared to other pizzerias I tried in AZ, bread is not rubbery, their regular slices are good, but I really didn't like their vege pizza which mostly had onions and bell peppers, no broccoli no mushrooms, but I would still recommend it!
5	Giving five stars because pizza was so good!  Inside seating is nothing to rave about but I was there for the pie.  Can't speak to anything else on the menu because I've only had their pizza.  Reasonably priced, good pizza, close to home - what else could I ask for?
5	I am lucky I moved close to this place a few years ago, or I may never have known about this gem! The place is run by family and the pizza is the best in the valley. You can never go wrong with a pie from here and the service is top notch!!! Don't miss out on this joint. I promise, you will not be disappointed!
5	The greatest place in the world. When the hot pizza hits my lips I get a warm sensation of hope and the light of the lord shines down upon thee.
5	There is a pizza God, for prayers have been answered I didn't even know I was making. These folks are authentic.That was the best darn veggie and chicken pizza I have ever had. I can't even begin to explain the difficulty I have with finding pizza exactly the way I want it since I'm pollo-pescetarian. It's so freaking hard to find places with chicken as an option. Tender chicken, big fresh vegetables, lots of cheese, crispy on the bottom... hell yes! Btw, there's beer too.
5	Just moved here from CA and we were hoping to find a pizza joint in the area  that was as awesome as some of the ones back home. Well, this place didn't disappoint! Their pizzas are HUGE. We got the sicilian and it's totally enough for 3-4 people. Crunchy on the bottom, soft in the middle, with real pepperoni on top. This place is definitely getting our return business. We can't wait to go back and try everything else! The pizza did take quite a while to get out to us, but that's just because it's fresh. And there's a small arcade!
4	Pizza is good. Pretty normal flavor for this type of place.  The charging for refills annoys me and the service is subpar but they have a cheap lunch special.They do have an outstanding ranch though.  I don't know what the secret is but it's the bomb.
1	I noticed one of the employees pulling lettuce out of a tub to make my salad without washing his hands first.  When I approached him about it he became defensive and frustrated as if I was being a jerk. Then they were obstinant when it came to rectifying the situation. I said I didn't want the salad and paid without any sort of apology.
5	I normally don't give 5 stars unless it really deserves it. I love this place, they have great pizza, beer, arcade, and always have the D'Backs on when I come in. They have just one beer on tap, Bud Light. Its ice cold and delicious. The hot wings are awesome. The Sicilian pizza is outstanding. I have tried the pasta it is amazing and it's like a full meal for four people. If you come here it might take a few minutes to get the pizza but it is damn worth it.!!
4	Yumm!!! Seriously tasty pizza and wings. I usually order my food to go. They are fast and friendly. Pizza is always made fresh, not that rubbery chewy pizza from chain restaurants.
4	I was on vacation and I found this particular restaurant through Yelp and what a great find it was!  My wife and I had lasagna and then we got a pizza to go. Both items were absolutely delicious. We also tried the house dressing on our salads. It was a kind of thick creamy Italian dressing and it was excellent.It's a small family run operation. The kind of place where you walk in and order at the counter and then have a seat. The place is very clean and well lit. It is located in a shopping center so there is plenty of parking. So if you are looking for a good fairly priced Italian restaurant without any pretense check this one out. You won't be disappointed.
5	Love their pizza! Wings were super meaty and tasted perfect. The guys who run the place always make me laugh and I love the service here.
5	I have been coming to this pizza place for years. They never disappoint. The regular pizza is great but the Sicilian is divine. They've mastered the art a crispy chewy crust. So good! The toppings are fresh and the meats aren't the cheapo kind that leave the pizza swimming in grease. I'm not a fan of hot wings but my family seems to like them. Their only complaint is that the hot wings aren't really hot and they don't serve them with blue cheese and ranch.
4	I've been coming here for years. I like to stop by when I have to make a Fry's Electronics run. My favorite, beside a slice and salad, is their eggplant parm sandwich. I think they are one of the best in the in the Valley. (See my photo) I order the eggplant sandwich with a side of pepperchinies. Highly recommended. Staff is always friendly. A real family operated business, and alwaysfriendly.
4	Great wings, good pizza, great service. Overall, a positive experience. The dining area is very small and cramped but it's not a big deal (just try to avoid going with parties larger than 6... (4 is the best number for the seating they have available)Also, they have only one beer on tap: Bud Light. But it's only $7.50 a pitcher (which also happens to be just a $1.50 more than a pitcher of soda) so the price is right at least. I definitely want to go back to try them again.
2	A bit of an upset. 20 min after i placed my order, went to pick my pizza and wings. The pizza looked and tasted like it had been sitting out for an hour. The wings were still hot but unfortunately not as tasteful as they looked. Thought I'd try something new in the area but now I'll stick to what i know.
5	My boyfriend eats here often. I'm not a big pizza or calzone fan like him. But I love a meatball sub. I came here tonight cuz the subway next door was closed. I didn't realize I could get such a bettrr sandwich next door. And they were open late! Totally  recommend!
5	I have been coming here for years, and there's a very good reason for it! There are tons of pizza joints, but if you want better pizza than in NYC, GO TO NAPOLI'S! I could live off of their wings alone. The place is family-run, and it's local, so they keep everything tasty and fresh. They are loyal to loyal customers and really get to know you, if you go enough! It's fun for a date, friends, or to-go! The thin-slice pizza (with any topping) is great and so is their ranch. Can't get enough.
