4	There's a little gem tucked away in "downtown" Litchfield Park. Brewery is a little bit of a misnomer here as it's actually a tap-room and there isn't any beer being brewed in the modest space.(EDIT: I've been informed they actually do brew the beer here so the batches must be pretty small)  The interior is spartan, with high top tables that are just slightly too close together and a couple of chalk boards to give you the low down.I tried the "Red Ale", "Pale Ale" and the "Chocolate Oatmeal Stout".  Clever names to come, I'm sure.  They were all very good.  The stout was rich, the Pale was malty, and the Red was flavorful.  This place doesn't have a restaurant attached to it, but the ladies who work here will happily make \ a sandwich or provide a meat and cheese tray at a moderate price. Too bad the beer is so good, as I was hoping I wouldn't have to make the long drive more than once. I guess I'll have to make the pilgrimage on occasion to make sure they stay in business.
3	Small place but not worth the drive as a destination spot to visit. Sandwiches are priced more than Subways and offer fewer choices but tasted fine. Have 8 taps but only had 4 beers on.  Beers were priced reasonably but really tasted like mediocre homebrew instead of artisinal craft beer. The oatmeal stout was sickly sweet for a stout and was marked 5 IBU's. It was clean and should do well out there even with the limited menu and mediocre beer as there is certainly nothing else around to compete with.
5	The Litchfield Tap Room for Peoria Artisan Brewery gets five stars for being a great tasting room for local beer. While many tasting rooms have no food, they do have serviceable sandwiches and a meat and cheese platter - decent fare for paring with beer but not a family lunch or dinner spot. As someone who has tasted his fair share of craft brew, it's safe to say that you will not be disappointed (well, unless you consider the adjunct yellow swill that abinbev and miller sab produce in copious amounts as beer, but then you have other problems). I look forward to the new beers that they will roll out along with ironing out the wrinkles as they just established their location this month.
4	Great craft beers! Owner is very approachable and not a beer snob while knowing a lot. I am a huge fan of the Superior Chocolate Stout but they said their most popular seems to the Haboob Black IPA.Food is what you would expect from a small craft beer pub. You come here to sample the artists work, not evaluate the Brie lol
4	Great little nano-brewery close to home with hand crafted beers.  Attention to detail is obvious and delivers high quality beers.  Can't wait to go back to try more!
4	Finally had an excuse to drive here and it as worth it.  Great selection of beer on tap (I had the flight and then the Brown).  Their small kitchen does a good job on some very basic food items.  They now have a pizza food truck stopping by.  This could be a real habit if it were closer to me.And you have to try the Haboob IPA.  Full flavor and a great finish.  No bitter beer IPA taste for this beer. It's a little hidden but hopefully both the locals and the hotel guests in the area will give it a good following.
5	Awesome Neighborhood Brewery!! Owner Neil is awesome and friendly. Ask for him to say HI! Great selection of beer and good atmosphere. Always people to talk too and staff if awesome! Will keep coming back! Spread the word on this place :)  Neil all I ask is maybe open later on weekends!! But other then that we love the place!!
5	We had heard of a new brewery in the area and wanted to check it out. We did not find the one we were looking for, but we happened upon this one and we were so happy that we did. It is located in a quiet area that I would never think of to look for a brewery. We walked in and were greeted right away by the bartender and the owner.  They were both really friendly and extremely helpful. We started with one flight of 4 beers for $8 and those beers were so good that we had to get another flight to try some more, then the owner threw in the one beer we didn't get to try with the flights. Such a nice gesture! And to our surprise, all of their 9 beers on tap were excellent!! Usually there is one or two at any brewery that are not good, but we really enjoyed them all. It was so difficult to pick which one we wanted to get a pint of! Definitely check this place out. All their beer is great! Definitely try the Haboob Black IPA! We did not try any of their food, but it looked pretty good.
5	My hubby has been here 4 times and we were finally able to make it out together last Friday. We finally found an IPA that we both like-- the Red IPA was great. I also enjoyed the Pale Ale as I was just in the mood for a smooth, light beer that night. The food want tempting enough for me to want to try, it looked like something I could make at home easily and just a "had to have" menu. Maybe a signature appetizer would be helpful (hot, soft pretzels or fancy chips??) in keeping people snacking and drinking longer?Small space, great beers, friendly service, light eats are the main things here. Also available are growlers to take home and enjoy. Give this local place a try!
5	We are in love!!  We come here several times a week....for the beer, the food, and the camaraderie.  Neal's talent for brewing beer has ruined us for all other beers.   The red IPA and chocolate stout are stellar.  On the menu is a grilled cheese sandwich beyond compare.....3 types of cheese, caramelized onions, sweet spicy mustard....yum!!!  The A-team behind the bar complete the ensemble. The taproom is a true gem and not to be missed.
5	So happy to find a brewery and taste room near us!!! Olde town brown and artisan amber are delicious!
4	As someone who has visits as many Arizona breweries as possible, I've seen quite a few. Peoria Artisan is a small (very small) brewery and taproom with only a few tables and bar. However, it is a very well kept and designed; cosy and pleasant little place to relax with a few beers. Since it was our time; we ordered a flight. We tried the IPArk; A very low-hoppy IPA but smooth and drinkable, my favorite. Paul's Pale Ale; smooth and tasty, bready tasting & second favorite. The Heritage Red Ale, which was surprisingly good because I normally don't like reds. And the Fields Forever, a strawberry wheat that had only a very very subtle strawberry hint to it. Overall, the place is very far from me so probably won't go out of my way to go back, but if I find myself nearby, I would absolutely duck in for a beer or two.
4	My boyfriend and I visited this brewery after some family fun in the West Valley, why else would I be so far from home?! I was very impressed by the cleaniness and hospitality of the brewey and staff. The beer list is quite impressive for such a small location and didn't disappoint. I'm usually not a big hefe fan but I loved the strawberry fields. My biggest complaint was the IPA which didn't give enough of the expected hoppy flavor. We were sure to purchase some pint glasses before we left to support this local business. Wish them all the best and success!
5	Being from Colorado, I have been searching for a long time for a great microbrewery in Arizona that compares to what I used to frequent at home. And finally that search as ended. A spectacular beer selection - you can't go wrong especially with any of the IPAs. A cool, cozy place with a friendly staff and amazing beer? What more do you need?! Reasonable prices with a variety of food options also add to the experience. A must try for beer lovers from both sides of the valley. Well worth the drive!
5	God, good, good good, good beer!   Uhh, it's good.  Go there now.
