1	You pay a fee to get in. You pick your own parts then they charge you gold prices for used steel. I wanted 2 brackets & the price started at a rediculous $75. I bawked & the price dropped 2 more times. I still ended up paying way too much for sum lousy brackets. I inquired about some other parts I wanted and for a couple bucks more I should just buy brand new with a warranty. Crazy huh!!!
4	It's a junkyard. It's close-ish to my home.  Usually has what I need and prices are always negotiable :)Talk to Chupacabra if you need specific items pulled or big items, slip him a couple bucks and he'll get it done for you.
1	Will never go here again! Was at their Phoenix Broadway location on Friday and the manager there called the manager of this location inquiring about a specific type of car. Manager in Mesa said that they had the car and to come on over and grab the parts I needed.I left and drove direct from the Phoenix yard and 15 miles later arrived at this location. They told me to "look in row ##" and so I walked out in the yard. 20 wasted minutes later in 106 degree heat I returned inside and asked again where the car was located? Cooled off for a bit and finally talked with someone else at the front desk and she said "wait a minute while she looked at a list".... then told me "oh we just crushed that car a few minutes ago!!!" Excuse me? We just called from the other location, manager to manager... and they knew I was coming over but guess they do not give a chit about customers and just crushed it anyways while I was standing there... . Returned to the Broadway location today and ran into the manager there and he told me that he was perturbed at the Mesa manager and had called her after he heard of what happened to me. She got mad at HIM for questioning her actions! Guess she does not care about customers... they get in her way and ask silly questions. Sorry folks, please go to the Pick A Part over on Broadway street and you will find a great bunch of guys working there who do an excellent job of helping you. The people working here do not care about you, only about your $$. You can do better...
1	I was told by a few people to come here to get headlights, and a few small things for my 1996 Isuzu Rodeo.  The summary of below is they will try to charge you more than retail, and call you a b*tch in Spanish for not wanting to pay more than what the parts cost new.   Do not pay what they try to charge.  HAGGLE! And know what the prices are new and used before going there.  If you're a woman bring a man.  It's unfortunate, but it's how it is. They charge you $3 just to get in, and look.   This is not a retail store.  It is a scrap yard.  They even buy scrap metal. They do look up the cars and tell you where they are at, but it's still a pain to find them, and you have no idea if what you need will be on left.  I brought a bunch of tools, but I had a hard time getting one of the headlights off.  Apparently I was doing it the hard way.  There is someone who will help you with this, but he charges.  The man at the front counter actually helped me for free, and even offered to get the other light off for me.  It took him only a couple minutes, but I thought, oh wow, what a great a place.  How wrong I was....Brought my 2 headlights off a 1995 Honda Passport, lock/window button frame thingy, and side light.  The same guy who helped me before, and didn't charge me rang my items up.  $90!  I was shocked.  That's why he didn't charge me for the helping with the one headlight... I found new ones online for about $55 plus shipping for 2 headlights.   I told him this, he went down to $75. I told him no.  He finally went down to $60.  I said maybe. I had to run out to the atm to grab the cash, that was my fault.  I talked to the people at the Valero down the street and they both agreed I was being ripped off, and told me to pay no more than $40.  I brought back $40.  The guy acted like he wasn't going to take it, and I was in the wrong.  This is pick-a-part, not Auto Zone.  I had to go remove the headlights, and other parts myself.  This is a scrap yard, not a retail store.  He turns around to the woman,  they start speaking in Spanish, because I'm white so therefore I know no Spanish, at least that's what they seem to think.  He complains about how I don't want to pay what he's charging, and her response is to call me a B*tch in Spanish.  The same woman I spoke to before, who was also super nice and helpful.  Guy turns around, and takes the $40.  Of course he does. It was a fair price for 2 20 year old headlights.
