3	this low carb diet is especially painful when literally everyone around me is devouring stacks of yummy looking pancakes smothered in fruit and whipped cream. my chorizo and eggs didn't look as appetizing as those pancakes, but it did the job, and our server didn't balk at substituting cottage cheese for the hashbrowns and tortillas. the chorizo was definitively better than what jack-in-the-box claims is chorizo but fell quite short of the filiberto's version. the eggs were just dandy and my cottage cheese was overflowing in it's dish. ihop's coffee was fresh, hot and tasty. i can't complain about the service, and that's really saying something. there was a wait when we got there, but we were seated in 5 minutes and were out in just under an hour. i expect to be back - ihop is quick, close to home and perfect for a cheap breakfast. they're open 24 hours too.
5	I've only been here after 2AM, but the food and service has always been great!  The late-night staff is definitely the main reason why we come here.
4	Just like another reviewer said, it's the late night staff that keeps my friend and I coming back. I've only been there once during the day and I don't remember anything bad about the experience, but for some reason the 2 AM crew is fantastic. It is still an IHOP, so the food is fine but not amazing, although it does seem to really hit the spot in the middle of the night. And for the price, it's hard to complain.
5	This Ihop is the best. We go in after 10 pm at least once a week and the server Clayton is fantastic.
3	I had the three egg and three pancake meal for lunch today. The food was good and my server was attentive and did a great job. The Manager/Cashier asked me how was everything. I told him that I had a thimble of butter that was as hard as a rock. And maybe IHOP should consider softening the butter and also give enough butter to cover your pancakes. He channeled the Corporate Voice of IHOP and proceeded to apoligize about the rock hard butter and it's the health code that requires restaurants to serve rock hard butter, blah, blah, blah. I told him to check out The Waffle House, they know how to serve butter with a meal. This guy just decided to continue to be part of the problem instead of part of the solution by continuing his spiel about the health department. So, I'm going to apoligize in advance, I won't be dinning there anymore.
5	My husband and I are quickly becoming regulars here. The staff is really inviting and make sure all the customers are happy even when it isn't their own table/section. Menu is diverse which is a big plus for me as I don't care for traditional breakfast foods.
5	Ah iHop...this is a regular stopping place for us on a Saturday/Sunday morning before hitting the movie theatre at Norterra.The food is generally good, our son loves the pancakes here, and I am a big fan of the crepes. The service is typically good but can be a little slow.
4	This place is the example of great service.  Our waitress was extremely attentive on a busy Sunday morning.  One of the waitresses cleared a table for another waitress and received a big thank you from her.  Great teamwork.  Management came by and was extremely interested in how our breakfast was going.  Whoever is managing this place is doing an OUTSTANDING job.
5	Breakfast for lunch or dinner? What could be better?!!??! We have become regulars at this location being the closest to my house... pre-Yelp checkin', I have been here a TON of times!I am not a morning person, and rarely eat breakfast. So, when I crave an omelette for lunch - this is the go-to place. I always tend to order the same thing... it's a craving right??? Bacon Temptation Omelette -- ya right! BACON! And this place knows how to make them.. because I think they put extra bacon...  crispy bacon, cheese sauce, jack and cheddar cheeses and diced tomatoes - and BACON. ;)Service at this location has always been quick, efficient, and the servers know how to chit-chat while having a good time.Lastly - and if you read my other reviews you will notice I always comment on bathrooms.... I have kids. The Bathrooms in this place have been clean on every visit! Actually amazing since most of the times we have been there were busy. Nice to know a place can maintain even with an overflow of customers.
5	Heck yes. Why go anywhere else?
4	Great breakfast spot, pancakes were delicious, service was great.
1	I don't expect much from diners, but GEEZ give me a break!  We went on a Saturday morning and yes it was busy but ALL 3 meals were COLD as ice and my husbands eggs weren't over easy, they were over raw.  I expect over easy eggs to be runny and maybe some white portions not perfect but they were clear!  I almost lost it while watching him try to eat around it.  My daughter's pancakes were cold, my french toast was cold and none of it could even melt the butter a little bit.  When they ask if everything's ok they are literally walking past and you just know if you asked to heat it up who knows when you might get it back and how it would be then.  It was a big disappointment because really, how hard is it to get warm french toast and pancakes at an IHOP?  So so sad...
4	Have to say I was pleasantly surprised by this Ihop.  Large line on a Sunday morning but it didn't take long to get seated.  Food was very good, service was excellent, and the pricing was acceptable.
3	Not really one of my favourite breakfast spots but since my company where in the mood for pancakes and this place was close by we ended up here anyway. "Regular" pancakes with syrup and jam is a bit boring and i think the ones at Ihop are the same. This time i tried the Red Velvet Pancakes with frosting between the layers of pancakes and these where actually quite good. Its more of a dessert or maybe a decadent weekent breakfast as i see it but anyway nice grub!  Prices are fair as any other Ihop and the staff is friendly.
4	Clean, great service and food hot and tasty.
5	This location is neat and clean, not too busy, food is fast and good, same for service. It's also easy to get to, and parking is plentiful.
4	I really like this place. I go there almost every weekend with my mom and sisters. The staff is always friendly and the wait is never too long even though it's usually pretty busy.
1	This location needs a lot of help. My dad and I sat at our table for close to 20 minutes before we even spoke to anyone. If they were busy, I would understand but they were close to dead. We ordered our food and coffee at the same time and when they brought us our coffee, the container was almost empty and the coffee was watered down. We informed our server of it and he said he would bring us more. Well, food came out, we ate it all and still no coffee. Then they had the nerve to try to charge us for it. The food was terrible. Hash browns were raw. Won't be back because this isn't the first time I've had a bad experience at this location. Prices keep going up, quality keeps going down.
2	I used to be a regular. I grew up going to IHOP in So Cal. Since moving here I have gone to this location dozens of times. The last 4 times it has been for dinner and each visit had issues with service and food quality. This visit is my last. I use the three strikes rule and they struck out. Comping meals is not a remedy for lousy service and poorly prepared meals. I hope I find a better location because I really have enjoyed IHOP over the years. FYI: I did call corporate and they gave me the ph# of the local franchisee and they NEVER got back to me.  Kind of answers my questions about the store level problems... if they don't care why would the employees...
5	Holy pancakes! The best of the best! Everything was FRESH, service friendly and fast, unbelieveable! They can turn breakfast into breakFEAST! Carmen guided us through our order and kept us in the know! Who knew that an eggwhite omelette with fresh spinach and mushrooms could be soooo tasty. Hubby had the sampler and didnt speak til his buttermilk pancakes were finished. My fork barely left my hand as I enjoyed it all!
1	Ok, where to start... I'll start by saying the food is good. That's the only positive I have. As far as the employees go, they're shit! Who teaches these people customer sevrice? Nobody! That's who.. Nobody makes eye contact, and they avoid you at all costs. The gomer they have running the front should be in a helmet and have a coloring book. All he knows how to say is "Welcome to IHOP, table or booth?' Then when I say "To go order" he goes full retard... Takes my money (which was a chore in itself) and just stands there. I said "Well wheres the food?" "OH" he says, and goes to get it. Then he comes back empty handed and says it's not ready.... Mind you I placed the order on the phone 20 MINUTES PRIOR! And when I called, he told me it would be done in 10. So I sit. And wait. And wait some more. Then I asked again, "What's the word on that order?" He looked at me like he'd never seen me before and said "what order?.... Oh yeah" and walked away. Then, I assume it was the manager, finally brought out my food. Which was hot. Meaning they JUST made it. 32 minutes after placing the order on the phone, I finally got it. This is the SECOND bad service experience I've had at this IHOP.
5	Made a trip to this IHOP today a Sunday and ran into a packed parking lot. Now this isn't a indication of good food, but in this instance I didn't want to drive elsewhere. They are located next to a Jack in the Box and have a private lot that fills up on Sunday's. I dropped my wife off at the front to get our name on the waiting list and looked for a parking spot. Not wanting to get towed I excluded the Box and within  minutes a spot opened up. They have spots inside and outside to sit while waiting and I had barely sat down before we were called and seated. The waitress promptly requested drink orders which were placed and we took a look a there offerings. Pictures and a description of their dishes made ordering easy. Now I love eggs and don't usually order French toast with my eggs but the strawberry and banana French toast was  a change and I ran with my whim. Now my wife doesn't care about eggs and as usual orders what I call eggs for people who don't like eggs, an omelet filled with steak, cheese a few veggies and hash browns. Our waitress was very nice and shortly returned with my 3 eggs over medium, bacon and hash browns. Now that would have been enough but she placed 4 slices of French Toast with fresh banana and what appeared to be canned strawberries down and asked if we needed anything else. I dug into my expertly cooked over medium eggs. The just right bacon and hash browns were some of the best I've had in quite a few outings. The French toast was good and I remembered why I don't order pancakes or French toast, no matter how good they are, they are  to sweet to compliment eggs. This being said lets move onto my wife's order. This is the biggest omelet I've seen and she liked everything but the hash browns that it contained. This being said I tasted it and also was reminded why I don't order stuffed omelets. Now IMO omelets are fine with cheese but packed full of things that make the egg experience disappear just don't do it for me. This being said I had a wonderful experience and will definitely return for a try at there dinner menu items.
1	We have been going to this location for about two years and service has always been decent until very recently.  Two days ago my husband got a drink that had lipstick on the rim from the previous user.  Since we had never had problems before and they gave us $25 off our next trip we shrugged it off.  Bad stuff happens and I wouldn't give them the bad press if it had not been for our trip this morning.... The service was incredibly slow and with three small children in your family slow is the worst.  I got chicken and waffles. The waffles were ok but the chicken came out on its own plate with cooking grease splattered all over the plate. The grease was old and in dire need of being changed. This made the chicken taste terrible and is the suspected culprit in stomach issues I experienced throughout the day.  My husband couldn't order what he wanted because they changed what they stock before they change their menu.  The kids couldn't order their build a scary face pancake that was advertised all over the restaurant because they hadn't got the stuff in to make them yet.  And the food got out to the table cold.  I sincerely regretted going.  I didn't bother to complain as I don't want to get incentive to give them yet anther try.  My stomach and my family regret the trip and won't be returning.
5	First time at this IHOP. Been going to them for decades though. I arrived around 8:45 on a Monday morning and it was about one quarter full, which was good to see.My server quickly greeted me, offered coffee and asked for my drink order. After she brought my juice and water she took my order. I got the country fried steak and eggs. I asked for extra gravy and toast instead of pancakes which she efficiently complied to. The order took 12 minutes, so I guess they had to batter the steak since it should only take about 4 minutes to fry it. My plate arrived with the steak on top of the hash browns. At first I was stumped but then realized that there wouldn't have been room for the large portions otherwise.  The eggs were fluffy and buttery, the steak was fried to perfection, the hash browns were nicely crisped but tender on the inside and there was lots of gravy. Good meal.
