5	I love Bikram Yoga, and I especially love this studio.Because of some recent changes in my life, I've committed myself to doing certain things to improve myself as a person. I've done yoga in the past on a regular basis - and those were the times I felt spiritually and physically lighter. If you're not familiar with Bikram, he's this Indian yogi who came up with a series of asanas, or poses, which are designed to increase blood flow to all the organs and muscles and tissues. The focus required is very mind clearing. The poses, performed in a 107 or so degree room, are designed to compress and stretch muscles and organs - compressing to push out blood, and stretching to fill them with fresh blood. Your body will eliminate many stored toxins. You'll lose weight and develop better muscle tone and you will feel mentally wonderful. The closest thing i can describe the feeling I have after 90 minutes of Bikram is to being high on drugs. Only you aren't - you've done something wonderful for yourself. This particular studio is a Bikram franchise run by a lovely woman named Brooke. She has been practicing Yoga for years and when you meet her you'll see how it's effects radiate outward from her. There's a very inspirational story in an old New Times about her and how she came to do yoga. Literally - it saved her life. The studio is at Central and Camelback, near AJ's, way way in the back corner and very easy to miss. Just to to the corner, past the fountain, and look to your left. All the instructors are superb - they all have to be officially certified to teach Bikram. The studio is very clean. It is a very comfortable and peaceful environment. The instructors and other students are very friendly. The mens and womens dressing rooms are equipped with showers. You will sweat like you have never sweated before.They have all kinds of specials for new members, and a number of different membership types ranging from blocks of classes to unlimited monthly membership. If you're starting out I suggest reading about Bikram Yoga first so you're prepared. Bring water, bring a large towel, bring a small towel. Dress comfortably. Take your shoes off at the door. You can rent a yoga mat if you're just trying it out for a couple dollars. I've been to a few other studios around town and this one is my absolute favorite.
1	I've been practicing bikram yoga for about eight years and have had the opportunity to attend classes all over the US and abroad. It's always fun to try a new studio and experience new teachers. Unfortunately, Bikram's Yoga College of India in Central Phoenix was one of the worst classes and studios I've ever experienced. The smell of the studio was so absolutely disgusting (dirty, wet dog combined with urine) that I nearly lost it when I walked in. I opted to stay because I really wanted to get a class in. On top of the awful stench, the teacher sucked. She had us hold poses longer  the second time through and shorter the first time. Many of the students had really poor technique (I know, you shouldn't worry about others...it's your own practice), however, I thought it was an indication about the poor quality of instruction.It's unfortunate the hygiene wasn't up to par. It's bad for bikram and damn, it's really inconvenient for me. I travel to PHX a lot and I love to grab a class. Well, I'm going to try out one of the other studios in town. Thank goodness they've got some competition!
5	I Love this studio!! The teachers are awesome. The room is hot and humid, perfect for my practice. Also, when I have gone on Wednesday nights there has been an acupuncturist giving affordable treatments. I am so grateful for this studio and the owner rocks!!
5	This is where I started doing Bikram yoga.  I've tried other studios for their 30 day deals, but always come back here.  This is by FAR the best bikram studio in the valley.  Its got the best vibe, the best staff, and the best environment.  Other places I've tried were super crowded.  I walked away more stressed than when I walked in.  While lying in savasana at the end of a class in Scottsdale people were hurdling over me and vying for spots for the next class.  Not fun.   If you want an awesome, relaxing, fulfilling experience this is the spot.I'm not a connoisseur of other people's technique  . . . ahem, but from what I've seen and experienced, the teachers are knowledgeable and friendly and the other practitioners seem happy and healthy and hey, isn't that the point?
5	I do a lot of traveling and during a quick trip to Phoenix, I was able to get two classes in at their studio. It was very clean and the people were friendly. I did think the studio was excessively hot my second class but everyone else seemed to be ok with it so perhaps it was just me. I would defiantly return if I were in the area again.
3	I'm still trying to decide if I'm a fan of Bikram Yoga in general, but overall the studio was pretty nice. I bought the Groupon for $15 unlimited for 30 days and mostly sat through my first class. It's tough if you've never tried it!Think 30 sweaty people in a 105 degree room contorting themselves into crazy positions and that's what you get with Bikram. It was strangely relaxing though (could have been that I laid on my mat most the class) and the teacher had a really soothing voice and gave great descriptions of what to do next. I'll give it another shot sometime, but think I'll try some other forms of yoga too.
5	Based on past yoga/pilates experiences, I was extremely nervous to try this place but am always willing to try new things. My beef with previous experiences has been that the instructors would push beginners too much and tailor their classes to experienced students. Very intimidating. My husband bought me a 30 day pass he got on Groupon for $15. So, if there was ever a time to try it, this would be it. I had been really stressed at work and needed some purification! My first class was on a Sat at 2pm. The 2pm weekend classes tend to be slowest and apparently the midday classes during the week. I wouldn't know about midday during the week since I work a normal 9-5 job but that was what the instructor told me. I have also gone to their mid-week 7pm classes that tend to be very busy. But, I don't feel this hindered me at all. The classes are 90 minutes and apparently you can burn 800-1200 calories during a session. The sessions can be intense but what was really nice was how accepting the instructors are towards beginners. They are more concerned with doing the posture right than how far you can push yourself. They are also okay if you need to sit down as long as you try to stay in the room the whole time. This is such a friendly studio and I agree with the other review that the instructors/employees seem genuinely uplifted and happy. They love what they do and it shows. Come hydrated, be prepared to sweat buckets, and take advantage of all this studio has to offer.
4	So this was my first crack at Yoga. I went on a free pass, and ended up buying a package. I was all self conscious thinking I'd either A) be the only dude in there with a bunch of chicks or B) be surrounded by total yoga robots that would obliterate my existence. Not so, not at all. The classes have been great, with a healthy mix of rookies like myself and full on pretzel people. No seriously, I'm pretty convinced this one girl is a pretzel person from the planet pretzelator in the pretzelatonian galaxy. (and that's a compliment)I've been to roughly 6 classes and enjoy it every single time. The instructors are very patient and helpful. The classes truly seem to welcome you with open arms, which is great.
4	I received a 30-day pass as a birthday present from one of my besties. I was so excited, I have been wanting to try yoga for a very long time and never could round up a workout partner (when attempting something new for the first time, it's always nice to have a friendly cohort along to help you limp off into the sunset!)...so we went to our first class on my birthday and it was pretty awesome. I recently broke my ankle so wasn't able to do some of the poses very well, but the instructor was a brilliant cheerleader for the wounded and was awesome at making me, as a newbie, not feel like a complete putz for nearly falling on my face while trying to lift my leg over my back around my neck across my chest and around my ankle. (okay, that's an exaggeration...kind of!) The workout is intense and exhilarating (or maybe that's just because I'm new to it? I dunno) and I felt worn out by the time I shuffled out of the room (maybe that was because of the temperature?) but by the time I made it up to the front desk, I felt like a new woman and was so full of renewed energy that I started car-dancing on the way home (car-dancing is when your favorite song from the 90's comes on the radio and you start singing/rapping/yodeling...and doing all of your favorite old school dances from...okay, you get the point I'm sure). I'm looking forward to my next class!
4	I used to make jokes about how I'd someday like to open a yoga studio called Extreme Yoga (everything had its turn being marketed to us as "Extreme" for a while there in the early 90s didn't it?)There would be intense, muscle-building poses (this was before i'd heard of the genius of joe pilates), a drill-instructor-like leader barking orders for the next pose "I SAID RELAAAAX, MAGGOTS!!!, and criticizing you for being a weak little mealy-mouthed wuss if you couldn't get or keep your balance, etc.Good times.Well, someone practically stole my idea and opened Bikram Yoga studios all over the place!  Just kidding, but not really.The process of signing in as a first timer was so painlessly simply I thought sure I was skipping something, but nope.  Even as a Groupon customer, there was only a slight upsell mention of how purchasing an additional block of time during the first week would mean a better price than getting it afterwards.  The price of 'renting' a towel must be designed to be purposely prohibitive so that they can avoid too much volume with their commercial towel cleaning service, because I don't think $2 is a very fair price at all for what you're getting (NOT getting, just borrowing), and they'd much rather have everyone bring their own towel.  Nice that it's available though.The facility is clean and seems spacious from the lobby, but the limited square footage of the studio room itself filled up very quickly with bodies.A shower/restroom/not-lockers-but-cubby-holes room is decent, and apparently kept stocked with soap/shampoo by volunteer donations.Two instructors on different days gave a similar, but varied class.  Each having a slightly different style, both being competent and thorough in their directions -- I just felt that I could do without hearing about chakras and such related subject matter (i know it's part of the territory, but i think the lack of focus on the spiritual side is why i like joe pilates so much)The class itself it pretty butt-kicking.  The advice to sit, but at least stay in the room, is good for when you feel the need to rest.  A newbie surely will need to sit for some of the standing balancing poses.  I did, but in only two classes, I showed a marked improvement in that i only sat down twice the second class -- meaning a 3x improvement over the virgin visit!  MORE NEWBIE ADVICE:~drink a lot of water beforehand, and do not eat too much greasy food - you will sweat it out and it will give an odor like french fries, believe me.which brings us to:~take a shower IMMEDIATELY prior to class, or as close as possible, because you will sweat about 2.3 buckets, and as the wonderful instructor mentioned, the skin is an organ of elimination and this sweating is about releasing toxins, and toxins are stinky~sniff your towel first, if you rent one - some of them, although clean, still have a lingering french fry odor permeating the cotton ( i wasn't the only one oozing grease, i guess)~prepare to be sore.  this is a real workout, not some tai chi, ol' lady smooth flow stretch yoga crap.  put effort into a program like this and you won't need weight training.I absolutely got a lot out of just these two visits, and plan to detox more during the next 3 weeks.Considering the price of this place (outside of the groupon), I don't think the excessive charges for the towels or the BYOsoap is very appropriate.   That would have to be figured in when I decide if I want to continue with the membership after the initial period expires.For now, I'll just keep stinking up my corner of the studio with french fry and chinese food sweat (beer, too!), and hope it doesn't disturb the folks on the neighboring mats all that much by harshing their mellow with fantasies of grease and carbs. 8^ )I love being healthy.
2	Checked this place out after it showed up on Groupon and took a few classes. Decided that hot yoga wasn't for me but it wasn't a bad experience.There were only a few things that didn't sit well with me: (1) carpet is used in the studio (that can't be really sanitary) and (2) classes are packed wall to wall. With the amount of members coming in, seems like they should have an appointment block for each class to limit the amount of people in the studio and make for a more pleasant class experience. It wasn't for me but then again, I'd likely not try a hot yoga class again.
3	Tuesday morning, in my email inbox lay an offer so alluring and deceptive that it begged to be opened and read, and once i had i was sucked right in: 30 days of Bikram Yoga for a mere $15. i was flabbergasted and slack jawed in amazement. Bikram Yoga is something i'd heard about but never really considered, being the dual facts that i've always considered yoga something that wasnt for me and secondly that im way too poor for the dues it requires. Groupon eliminated my fears and with a devil may care shrug of the shoulders i purchased their offer. I went with a very special lady friend of mine who raves about the benefits of yoga, and Bikram in particular like a kool aid drinking follower of jim jones. Well i have come to not only love that kool-aid but to eagerly offer it to others. Bikram Yoga is probably one of the hardest things i've ever done and it was more rewarding than a freshly packed bowl of the stickiest icky. I felt high on life and my back pain was eased to the point of me almost not noticing it!Bikrams Yoga College of India Central Phoenix is a great little studio, the owner is friendly and welcoming as are the teachers who lead the classes. This was my 3rd time doing yoga in general and in no way did i feel out of place or foolish due to my low skill level. in fact the class had a great mix of newb and vet. I'd recommend anyone to try out a class just to get a feel of it, im positive if they stick it out the full 90 min they'll walk out feeling brand new. and @ $17 a class anyone can jump in and try it out, however thanks to groupon im happy to call this place MY yoga studio for the next 24 days!
4	I just started here recently because I bought a Groupon for $15 for an unlimited month. It is usually $160 for an unlimited month. I have been addicted and have attended class 4 our of the last 6 days. Remember to pace yourself and drink a lot of water, and be prepared to sweat! I was told that you usually sweat out a liter of water in each class. By day 2, I had it down and didn't have to stop to rest or for extra water. The instructors are fantastic and the owner is a sweetheart. Due to the large number of Groupon buyers, classes are huge, yet they conveniently added an additional noon class each day to accommodate. The experience is amazing and relieving. I would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting an invigorating experience. However, it is pricey. Normally, it is $17/class, $160/unlimited month, and have other package deals as well.
4	I am in love with Bikram yoga now.  I'm not much of a routine person or exerciser but i can work with this.Before you go, HYDRATE, HYDRATE, HYDRATE! When I didn't, I definitely felt it and not only almost fainted in class several times but had a nasty headache following the class all day!!!!Bikram is a series of 26 asanas (postures) in a 104 degree room. Some days feel a little warmer than others. Not sure if that's me or the room temps.I suggest reading Bikram Chouhoury's book (got it from the phx library) to study the postures and get great tips if you're concerned about whether you're doing them right as its not common to receive personal corrections during class.I love that they have early morning hours. The 6 am class is a goddess-send when I have to work 10 hour shifts. There is a script Bikram has his instructors say for the most part. That kind of gets monotonous but some change it up and keep it funny and interesting.Bathrooms, shower and dressing room are clean.If you forget your water or dont have a mat, you can rent/buy here but don't forget to bring a long towel to lie over your mat and a hand towel to dab all that sweat your gonna be drippin'.A.M. Instructors are friendly and cool, especially Sabre. Love her! (can't speak for the others because I only go in the mornings)If you commit for a year with autopay, you get an awesome unadvertised price of $100/month unlimited. Totally worth every penny and then some. Downsides at this studio:* Not sure the carpet is cleaned often enough. The smell of feet and mold can be distracting and a turn off during practice. (UPDATE: May 2011 - Carpet is no longer stinky so they must have increased the cleanings. Thank you. Makes all the difference, guys)* One shower stall for how many girls?*Website is unimpressive and could use revamping to reflect all of the instructors bios and specials offered.  *There is no option to pay online. To auto pay monthly, one of the instructors inputs my card info manually each time. I trust him, but its just not secure enough for my tastes.* No store in studio to purchase special hot yoga clothing and accessories.*What, no Twitter or FB page?* People who do not use deodorant and other personal body odors. YUCK!That may look like a lot of downsides but I Love this place and the new friends I have met and have committed to an annual practice. Do this yoga and grow into the poses at your own pace, pushing yourself to your own personal limits and you will be rewarded greatly for your resolve!
5	Like a lot of other people, I went for a one month stint  (*cough* groupon *cough*). Most amazing yoga experience of my life. If I had the dough and lived closer to this amazing little nirvana-esque studio, this would be my place. Some studios get too corny with their faux new-agey vibe....but here I feel like the vibe and ' heart' is organic and unforced.  Brooke the owner is an AMAZING instructor. She provides useful information about the transformative effects of each pose and it pushes me to complete each section with dignity, grace, willpower and determination like no other. I've never advanced so rapidly (in as short as four sessions) both mentally and physically. I also went during August  and it helped me tolerate the insane mind melting heat with more aplomb than in past summers. You know they say that once you go Bikram, you never go back-ram ( I know that was corny with a 'k'). But seriously try it.
5	I am in love with this yoga studio. I just starting Bikram yoga a week ago (usually do Anusara yoga). I was really hesitant to try Bikram, but my doctor kept suggesting it. It is a wonderful workout and meditation. The first two classes took a little getting used to with the heat, but by the third and forth it felt much more natural. The instructors and staff here are wonderful. They are always open to any questions you have after class and even talked to me about what types of hydration are good (I suggest coconut water in addition to regular water). The studio is really calming. In the room where you come in before class there are comfortable places to sit with lots of books on meditation. It is a wonderful environment. They also do a $20 two week intro with unlimited classes you you can see if Bikram is right for you. I suggest it to anyone who has been considering giving Bikram a try.
5	My wife and I had a good experience practicing Bikram Yoga on an unlimited month pass we bought using Groupon. It was a heck of a deal. Every instructor we had is great. They each have their own unique way of giving the class. I would like to attend more sessions but work has gotten a little too hectic. The 5:15 class in the afternoon is really popular and gets really packed but they know how to fit as many people in a class that they can.  Hopefully when things calm down at work we can purchase another package.
5	I had very good experiences at this studio. I took about 11 classes there from 2009-2011 (before I had a consistent yoga practice) to help with sciatic pain. The instructors were very encouraging. I really liked Gemma's classes because she integrates nice readings into the class and thoroughly explained the physical and mental benefits of each posture. I also enjoyed Stella, Emily and Kevin's classes (those are the 4 instructors I've had). I recommend this studio to all Phoenicians seeking a good Bikram studio. I no longer practice here only because I've since moved.
4	I tried Bikram for the first time a few weeks ago after purchasing the amazing $19.00 unlimited month through Groupon. I was very apprehensive about trying yoga this "hardcore" since I have always used yoga as a gentle/restorative compliment to my running & weightlifting. I loved it. The instructors I had (Kevin, Leah, and Stella) were VERY good at explaining everything and I felt encouraged in each of the poses during the classes. They made a point to learn your name which goes a long way (I think). I think the teachers make the class and I felt encouraged and successful enough to keep coming back (about 3 times a week for a few weeks). Even during the 2nd class, I found myself improving in the poses and it just got better and better. The Friday afternoon 4:30 pm class was packed both times I went , but I wasn't really surprised. The office staff was always very friendly and helpful.The only bad thing I noticed (as did other Yelpers on here) is the carpet in the studio. It reeks. Not as bad if you take a Monday morning class but by Friday afternoon...nasty. Also, some of the poses have you stand (to start) off of your towel and so....everyone's dripping all over the already nasty carpet...gross. If the class is crowded...even worse. I'm not sure why someone would choose to carpet a yoga studio, let alone a Bikram studio but ...oh well. Overall, great instructors, great yoga, great Groupon deal...not sure I'll have the time to continue Bikram while working full time but I really had a good experience at this studio.
4	I was a bit nervous and excited to try Bikram yoga.  I've heard a lot about it ranging from it's the best thing ever to no way.  The whole experience was great.  My instructor was Jen and she pulled all of newbies aside and explained what to expect and most importantly we don't need to be heros - listen to our bodies and take breaks as needed.  She continously talked through the entire class; walking us through each step and breath.  She corrected form as needed and provided the encouragement to get through each pose.  I'm hooked!!!
5	Holy Amazing Workout!I had SUCH a positive experience at Bikram's Yoga of Central Phoenix! From the moment I walked in I was greeted by one of the most friendly people I have ever met! She explained to me how to check in and a little bit of what to expect for the workout. The studio itself is nothing special  - just another space in a strip mall type facility but it gets the job done.I had taken a few "regular" yoga classes before but would not consider myself to be an expert by any means.So... I laid out my mat, got situated, and relaxed before the class started. Being slightly self conscious I of course started out with my shirt on... that lasted about 3.2 seconds into the workout. Our instructor lead us through all the poses over the 1.5 hour session. She was informative, helpful, and encouraging. As it was my first time, I had no idea what to expect but I can tell you that I didn't expect to sweat THAT much or to have that great of a workout! I felt comfortable just sitting down when I was getting overheated or unable to do a pose and enjoyed watching all of the skill throughout the room.While it sounds like a really unpleasant time (or maybe it doesn't and I'm actually convincing you to try it out) it was seriously one of the most challenging AND relaxing workout I had ever done. You don't need to be super in shape as there were people of all different body types and fitness levels.I'm excited to go back on a more regular basis when I move closer to the studio.Tip: make sure you bring a LARGE towel to place over your yoga mat. If you're like me it'll be about 5 lbs heavier after the workout... yeah - I sweat that much!You should totally try it out! You'll probably hate it during but love it SO much after!
2	After purchasing a daily deal here I did a month of yoga going about 4 or 5 times a week.  The instructors are great and I felt amazing after every class. The downside is that the studio seems a little dirty and always had a stinky foot odor in the studio due to the carpet and sweat combo that goes on. Yikes. Also, I am not sure Bikram is for me because of the strictness of the practice. I desperately missed my down dogs. So as this studio is not for me it is worth a try if you are interested in hot yoga.
3	I wanted to know what all the buzz was about, so after receiving a groupon I took advantage of the deal and went to an evening class.  Pretty crowded and yes hot hot hot. Almost too hot for me.  I just didn't click with it, but if you like taking a class that is the same routine every time and like hot hot hot than you will be very happy
4	A friend brought me here to try bikram for the first time. The studio is a good size....but then again what do I know in terms of yoga studios? The dressing room is cute, a couple bathrooms. The yoga room was a little stinky but what do you expect for hot yoga? Everyone's sweating their ass off in there, it's going to be a little stinky. I attended two classes, both instructors were great, and seemed enthusiastic about teaching. They made newbies feel welcomed but not singled-out which is very important. It was cool! Got me interested, enjoyed trying something new!
4	I came to Bikram Yoga at Phoenix with a Groupon.  When I joined, it was the last day to use the Groupon, and the place looked like a zoo.  I was worried that every class was going to be crowded like my experiences at Bikram Yoga Instiute.  Every class afterwards was much more relaxing and peaceful.  I really felt like I was meditating with myself with the teachers here.  In addition, they have Silent Yoga late at night.  The classes are 15 minutes faster, and there is less rest in between sets as a result.  You had a little music playing, and the instructors are not barking as many instructions.  I like this class because it feels like it is meant more or intermediate students. Lastly, they have cleaning supplies to clean off the mats, and I thought that was unique as well.
4	Just finished my first class here and I was pleasantly surprised! I was nervous about trying a different studio (I normally practice at Bikram Yoga Institute but I bought the Groupon for BYP), but I was totally comfortable and felt that the class was not only really similar, but the room smelled a lot better! Julie was my instructor today and she was sweet and helpful and made sure I was okay since I was a new student here. I had a great class and am looking forward to my month-long package!
4	I have become a huge fan of Bikram Yoga. I find the asanas flow nicely and I love the heat. At 104 degrees I begin sweating within about 10 minutes of class. This studio is large and well equipped. There are changing rooms and showers and it is well kept up. If you happen to forget the bare necessities when coming to class you can rent a towel and they will provide you with water. I can't for the life of me see how this happens, but they have you covered if it does. The instructors are all a bit different, and all very capable. (Gemma is my favorite).I keep coming back here over other places in the valley because I really enjoy the class packages. You can buy 1, 5, 10, 25, monthly ect.. It is very flexible and there is no time limit on them (obviously other than the monthly packages..) They often run specials 10-20% off so signing up for the mailing lists is fruitful. If you have never tried Bikram before make sure you bring your mat, a towel and water and come WELL HYDRATED. Good luck, and Namaste!
4	I decided to try the Bikram Yoga Studio in Phoenix and I have to say I am very happy with it.  This location is very conveniently located in Uptown Plaza next to AJ's.  Right off the light rail too.   I've been going for about a month now. My first class was with MJ who I think is awesome!  In fact all the instructors I've had, while all different, are pretty good in their own way.  They are great about keeping to the dialog and explaining the postures, and their benefits. They make sure to keep you reaching for more and I have noticed a major improvement in myself. The studio is a good size but I will say I would prefer more studio space and less lobby space since the classes can be pretty large at times.  It's not a deal breaker by any means.   I think the cleanliness is pretty good.  I know past reviews have said it's not which makes me think they may have done something to improve because I don't feel it's bad at all.  But this is a Bikram studio, so not sure what people are expecting. People are sweating non stop all day in there.  For that alone, it's amazing how clean it is. I like that they supply a cleaner & towels to clean your mat after class.  This is handy and probably helps them make sure the class will have clean mats attending.The men's locker room (which is all I can review) is actually very nice.  It's clean, a good size and it has nice cubes for your belongings.If I had one compliant it wouldn't really be about the studio itself, but more about some of the new people attending.  I wish they would give the new students upon signing up, a run down of Bikram etiquette.  I have heard far too many people chatting in the studio before the instructor comes in.  Many students use the time before class to quietly meditate and center themselves as they prepare for class. With Groupons coming out, there tend to be a lot of "first timers" so it's important they know the etiquette before they enter the room.  Also leaving the room should be for emergencies only.  We are all dizzy and want to vomit, get past it!  Once a girl walked into class well into our second set of breathing exercises.  That was a little shocking since in most studios that is a huge No No!   When the class starts if you are late...No class for you.   It's a great feeling and I am glad I have found something I really enjoy doing.  I am always looking forward to my next class!
5	This has been my home studio for 2 1/2 years now.  The owner Brooke, has the most beautiful spirit, and the whole place just vibrates a wonderful energy.  It's a place I know I can go and always feel good.  The teachers are helpful, informative, and very skilled.  Kevin makes me smile every time, his classes Rock!!!  I also love it when I can catch the occasional gong meditation.  Keep up the good work - and Thanks!!!
4	It was a very hot (sweltering) and sweaty (soaked head to toe) experience. The temperature read was 114* and the added humidity made it feel like hellfire. I was miserable fifteen minutes into the class and I wanted to bail but I didn't want to give up because I had to prove my endurance and sustainability to my friend. A respectable guest doesn't just up and quit!  Every minuet felt like twenty and there I was stretching, pulling, bending, twisting, arching AND SWEATING for 90 full minuets. No Pain - No Gain and in the end I found it to be fantastic. Kinda like when you  feel like your gonna die and you make a deal with God that if you so happen to survive that you will never do...(insert most recent transgression here)  and then you actually survive and go on to be a better person spreading, love, peace and happiness. Yeah, just like that.The Triangle and the Standing Bow Pose were my favorites but the Eagle and Floor Bow crushed me. Did my mind and body good. Party~
4	Although I've practiced other forms of yoga for years and years I never tried Bikram until I took a leap of faith via Groupon and committed myself to a month of classes at Bikram Yoga Phoenix.  When I stepped in to the studio it was very obviously unlike any yoga studio I'd been to.  The place is wall-to-wall carpet (gross), even in the practice room (triple gross), and the decor leaves something to be desired.  Determined to live up to my "I'll Try Anything Once" mantra, I sucked it up, kicked my sandals aside and made my way into the practice room after a brief tour from the very pleasant desk attendant.It was an awesome, life-changing experience!  If you're familiar with the world of yoga at all you know that Bikram gets a little bit of a bad rap for some of its rules and techniques.  My perception was that it was very strict, which I suppose it is in some ways, but the instructors quickly dispelled the myth.  I had this image in my head of this super svelte instructor slapping me with a ruler to deepen my experience in trikonasana. This is not at all accurate.  The instructors here are all so genuine,  understanding, helpful (not corrective or punishing as I'd thought) and I always feel like I'm doing a great job, even if I'm not really.  The classes are so peaceful and meditative but also physically and mentally challenging.  I find myself relaxed and happy in class and I know a lot of that is due to the instructors and how wonderful they are.  While I'm sure some of the euphoria I felt during the class was due to the 5000 degree temperature, there is something to be said for the collective energy of the other students and the instructors that makes it so amazing.As other Yelpers have noted, the smell is something wicked but you get used to it once you start moving around. Take one class and you'll understand the smell and how it is seriously unavoidable! You can't really mark them down for that, it's just the way it is.  One word of warning if you're new to Bikram.  I made the unfortunate error of signing up for the Silent Bikram Yoga class as my first.  To me, "silent" meant there was no music but I couldn't have been more wrong! SILENT means there's no instruction.  So there I was, slipping around in my own sweat trying to keep my eye on the other students so I could keep up.  Thankfully I've done so much yoga that I knew the poses, I just didn't know the sequence.  Learn from my mistake: do not take the silent class as your first.All-in-all, this is a great studio to try out Bikram.  The people are very helpful, the environment is friendly, location is perfect, and they offer lots of classes at times that can accommodate anyone's schedule.  Give it a whirl, if for no other reason than it's the only thing you can do in Phoenix in the summer that makes the weather outside seem "cold."
5	I have never done any form of yoga let alone Bikram.  On top of that, I have not been exercising in years and recently started to lose weight  and work out again with dance.  I got this amazing deal from Amazon.com at the recommendation of a friend.I went in the room and thought I was going to die from the heat and humidity.  These were all the reasons I had left the Midwest.  The instructor, Emily, was so sweet and very understanding.  I am shocked that I made it through 90 minutes of heat.  I actually forgot it after a while.Bring your own towel, mat, and freeze your water in a few bottles in advance.  Hydrate x 10 the day before and the day during.  This will push your body beyond the limits.Yes, the room smells.  I expected it to smell.  It won't be roses with that kind of heat but there are worse scents out there, e.g. sewage.Don't be afraid to try this, even if you are out of shape or have never done this.  I am very challenged when it comes to exercise and even worse with balance.  Give this a go!Do wear a tank top, sleevless and tighter fitting exercise shorts.  Get ready to sweat, sweat, sweat!
2	I'm disappointed. I've practiced Bikram but this was my first time at this studio. There are a few things I totally expected: carpeted floors (not uncommon), sweltering heat (fully expected), and the smell of sweat (you can't avoid it). I'm familiar with the odor that permeates the Bikram studios but the stench at this particular studio was AWFUL! When was the last time they cleaned the carpets? Why are there tiny bugs crawling on the floor? My former studio definitely had a smell but it was nothing like this. A few other things I was disappointed with - I know people are afraid of the strictness that's associated with Bikram but there are definitely a few "ground rules" that I appreciate. This particular studio didn't set those rules and I was really disappointed by that. 1. students new to Bikram were allowed to practice in the front row. When I first started Bikram, I was politely asked to stand at the back of the room so I could learn from someone in the front row with more experience and so my wiggling and moving wouldn't distract everyone else. Now I understand the importance of this. 2. they didn't explain at the start of class the importance of following ONLY the poses that the teacher instructed. Some guy was doing sit-ups?? 3. They didn't ask people to sit silently through class if they were tired. People were walking in and out of the room throughout class. This is NOT one of those easy, relaxing yoga classes that one might expect. It's often referred to as "Bikram's torture chamber" and for good reason.  I just want to practice in a studio where everyone has the same goal in mind (to heal the body and to build an energy with everyone else in the room). What I did like about the studio - there was plenty of seating outside the room to relax and prepare your mind for class. The teacher was great. She was calm and encouraging. The class was actually less crowded than some I've been to although I'm sure that won't always be true. And most of the people in class were very respectful and focused which definitely helped the energy.I bought the LivingSocial deal and so I'll complete my 20 classes but I may try another studio at the end of it. I was really excited to start Bikram in a new city, as I just moved to Phoenix, but I'm just disappointed with my experience at this studio.
5	Back in July, a few of us girls at work found a living social coupon for this place for $20 for $20 classes.  Being that we all could use a little more exercise in our lives, I bought the coupon and started going to classes.The Yoga studio is tucked away in a shopping center off Central and Camelback behind AJ's fine foods, and next to a hair salon.  The basis of "hot" yoga is to do 26 yoga positions in a room held at 105 degrees with 40% humidity for 90 minutes.  This allows you to flush all the toxins from your body, speeds up your metabolism, reduces stress levels and basically cleanses your whole body while you get a good healthy workout. Intense? Yes, but not impossible.  You will sweat everything out, literally. I admit, like others here, you feel like quitting 15 minutes in because you think your going to die from the heat and your sweaty as hell, but KEEP GOING. IT GETS EASIER/BETTER. I cannot begin to tell you how awesome I felt after my first class. Just amazing!For starters, even if your a beginner, like me, do not be intimidated! The class is welcoming to students of ALL levels. I've only been to one other yoga class before in my life, and that was 4 years ago.  Here are a few pointers to help you out and tell you more about the studio itself.A) drink an enourmous amount of water before, during and after class! Especially  the day before class. The day before drink, drink drink! You will sweat like no other during class, and you need to stay hydrated.  Drink a lot of water after class, as your body is going to be dehydrated and you will be flushing toxins out of your body.  Also, when you bring water to class, make sure its frozen before hand.  If you don't, it'll be warm in 5 minutes and useless.  The studio does sell water bottles, but its like $3 a bottle.  You can go to Circle K and get one for a dollar, throw it in your freezer, and take it to class with you.B) bring a big towel to put over your mat.  Your going to need it to collect the sweat, and to wipe your face and body periodically during class.  It also allows you not to slip on your mat when you do the standing poses for the first half of class.  The studio does rent towels, but it costs a few bucks. I bring a beach towel with me and it gets soaked by the end of class from sweating!The studio itself is spacious, but fills up quickly.  You want to make sure you get a spot where you can see yourself in the mirror while you work out.  It allows you to perfect your poses as the instructor talks you through the class, helps you become more limber and stay focused.  I personally like to sit off to the right side because during class while the instructor is walking through the studio, they will open the doors and you can get a blast of cool air.  This my friends, is the most refreshing thing ever.  Sit off to the side near the door! You will thank me later!The instructors themselves are really positive and encouraging.  My first class ever was with this girl Melissa, and she made me feel right at home, explaining everything! Each pose has a benefit for your body, and she (along with the other instructors) will tell you what its for. For example, there's one where you lay on your back and pull your legs to your chest- that's great for digestion, another for reducing anxiety, others for expanding your lungs and so on.  They also tell you to work at your own pace. Don't kill yourself! There's skill levels of all kinds here, and you'll notice it in class. I would go to classes with my friend Nicolle from work, and we had a blast. Each instructor brings their own personality to class, but you follow the same routine every single time. Some will work you harder then others, but again, go at your own pace.  If you feel like you need a break, lay down on your mat, or do the downward dog position like I do and pick up at the next position after you regain your composure.The only downside to the studio is the studio itself smells funky! I wish they would spray some febreeze in here or something, because I think it smells! Aside from that, I really enjoyed my time here, and would love to go back in a heartbeat. Staff was awesome, positive and encouraging.  Plenty of class times available, and a great way to get back in shape.
5	Having never done yoga before, I was a bit apprehensive when a few of us decided to take advantage of a $20 for 20 classes Living Social coupon. To jump straight into Bikram was a bit scary! And I have to admit the first session was brutal as I kept glancing at the clock and wondering why it was taking so long for 90 minutes to pass!I have to say it gets better though as you go on, I only managed to go three times I believe and by the three time the class passed by in a whirl as I was already getting the hang of it down!The nice thing about this studio is that Bikram is the only thing they offer and their classes are always the same so eventually you can get into a rhythm and know what moves you have coming up without having to glance around the room wondering what everyone is doing next. Not that the direction isn't good, it's great! I experienced three different teachers and each of them was very informative, informing us what the position was called and how to move into it. I just have mild right-left confusion so I had to spy on my classmates to make sure I was doing everything right.The thing I liked the most is that these classes attract a variety of people so you don't have to feel like you're the newbie slinking in to a class of yoga masters in great shape. To say that that would have been intimidating is an understatement. They're very encouraging of newcomers and actually the first time we went the instructor overheard we were new and had everyone give us a round of applause for surviving the class. Classes are available daily at different times to suit those of you who don't work during the day and those who do. There is only one room since there's only one class going at a time but it's spacious and there's room for a lot of people. The room does smell but with everyone sweating in there constantly I'm not too surprised. They provide some sprays to wipe your mat down with after class and the instructor usually hangs out at the front desk if you want to have a quick chat or say thanks. Even though my coupon is up I can see myself coming back here if I'm ever wanting a Bikram fix. The nice thing is that they have class packages you can purchase through their site that you don't have to worry about using up in a certain time. I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a great Bikram only studio.
1	The carpet is completely unsanitary and a breeding ground for MRSA. The instructor only verbally ran the class, never demonstrated one pose OR even made rounds to correct those doing them wrong. Lots of people that hadn't done yoga before because of the groupon and it's unfortunate they have been thought incorrectly. This instruction method is going to cause people injuries. FYI never do a jerking twisting motion with your upper body to try and square your hips!!! The instructor even told me and another girl NOT to drink water at the moment we did! So not OK, always listen to your bodies needs.
1	All I can say is thank GOODNESS I paid $15 for this Groupon!  This place does not even deserve a one star! I recently moved to the Phoenix area from California and have been searching for a good yoga studio. I LOVE Groupon and was happy to see several studios I can try out before I purchase a membership.  I have been practicing yoga for several years and have never been so offended during my yoga practice. While I understand that there is a particular flow for Hatha/Bikram yoga (which I prefer Vinyasa Flow), I always try to push myself a little farther with what I have learned in my previous practices at different studios. In the middle of class, I attempted a slightly different pose from what was being taught (without interrupting my fellow yogi's) and the teacher called me out in the middle of class saying "Can you please do the same pose as the rest of the class?" (in a derogatory tone) I was absolutely offended by his gesture so I rolled up my mat and walked right out of the class. I sincerely apologize to the other yogi's there for walking out in the middle of class and interrupting their practice but he could have been a bit more tactful with his approach. Perhaps pulling me aside after class and letting me know this was not okay with him would have been more appropriate. So rude! Perhaps it was rude of me to assume I can try and progress my yoga style during his class but I always had encouragment from my previous teachers for pushing myself to evolve in my practice.In addition, because of the Groupon, the class was extremely packed and there was no room to move or do the poses correctly.  Also, the studio has carpet (which is different than what I am used to) and it is really disgusting! Sweaty, dirty, nasty and probably filled with bacteria. eew! I was already planning on looking for another studio and this incident made me look sooner!I will never visit this place again and will never recommend this place to anyone. Take my advice and keep looking for another studio!
1	Im very sorry that I spent money on a groupon before attending a class but alas, you live and learn. The staff is very rude especially if you had purchased the groupon (THE NERVE!) because apparently, you need to know ALL THE BIKRAM. Not a good place for beginners or anyone with a sense of smell for that matter. The carpet really is a health hazard and I left feeling sick from the stench. The instructor didnt bother to take one second to explain things carefully or slowly, just reciting the poses SO FAST it was hard to keep up. How can one relax and focus when they dont know what to do? HORRIBLE. I wouldn't ever recommend this to anyone. Sick.
5	Overweight, asthma and bad back...I have been going to this studio for a little over a year. If I can do Bikram Yoga most anyone can. The heat is hard to get used to in the beginning but the heat makes it possible to stretch beyond what I thought was possible. The proprietor and her staff have created an atmosphere where everyone should feel welcome no matter what your body type or physical ability. The studio is constantly being renovated and upgraded. The recent replacement of the ceiling and the addition of ozone machine shows the management's commitment to the yogi students. I give 5 stars. Namaste!
3	I, like many others, found Bikram Phoenix through the 15$ groupon. This is a wonderful deal! So a couple friends and I bought the Groupon and started going. The studio is ok, but has carpet on the floor which I find sort of disgusting. I have heard that this is the way Bikram is 'supposed' to be....but to me, that doesn't seem sanitary. The room had a distinct smell, but it wasn't 'bad,' certainly better than expected due to the carpet and the sweat. The room is large and they cram a lot of people in there. At times, there were more than 50 people in a class (so many that a couple times I got someone else's sweaty foot on my head which made me not thrilled to say the least). I suppose the Hatha or Bikram yoga styles are not really my favorite as I didn't love it at Yogini's and, although it was better here than there, I still didn't love it here. It is a lot more of the spiritual yoga and deep breathing that I know a lot of people love, but it always makes me feel odd. Also, the room at the 5:15 pm class is extremely humid, more so than other hot yoga places I have been to (which actually isn't necessarily a bad thing, but don't go thinking you won't be soaked at the end). Anyway, the teachers and employees of this location were friendly, the bathrooms were small, but clean enough, and they offer a lot of class times which makes it easy to attend around your work schedule. I would go back here if I had a deal of some sort, but I don't think I would pay 17$ a class for it.
3	Like many others, I bought a groupon for this studio. I waited until the last moment to utilize it, but finally dragged myself to the depths of Phoenix. My dad warned me to bring mace as it's quite tucked in to a little shopping center. To be honest I was a bit scared because the shops nearby are that of pawn shops and a funky little lightbulb shop. The directions on my iPhone were a little funky as this place wasn't popping up. I walked in and the lady at the front desk was very nice. I said I was new to bikram but had been practicing other forms of yoga for quite some time. She told me where I could put my stuff and that I could buy towels/water. When it came time to enter the class, I felt really lost. I eventually came back to her to ask her to kind of guide me. The class smelled awful. I sort of expected that, since you are supposed to have carpet for bikram yoga, but it just smelled like they took 20 football players and stuffed them into a car in AZ without heat and a bowl of garlic shrimp. I ended up feeling uncomfortable in the class. She singled out the newbies to not do certain poses when I was actually familiar with one of the poses that she told us not to do and was particularly excited to do. But I didn't. She even said my name in front of the entire class and I would have appreciated her coming over to me and quietly talking to me rather than stating my name in front of the whole class. I will not give up hope though, it was very relaxing. I will just try another teacher. And get used to the stench. Ways it could have been better: Possibly have the room refreshed somehow between classes.Ways it was awesome: The schedule was very flexible.
4	I love that this studio offers so many classes.  They make it impossible to use the schedule as an excuse not to practice! The do a TON of Groupon and Living Social  deals, so the studio always has new faces. I think it's terrific, but be prepared for PACKED classes!Pros- Classes start at 6 am and run all the way until late evening.  There is literally a time for everyone.- Lots of great teachers. Only one is worth avoiding. 3 I would adjust my schedule to practice with.- Great Central location.-Friendly staffCons- The hot room needs to have the carpet replaced more frequently. I have practiced at several studios, and this one is just a little "funkier" than necessary.- Only 1 shower?  You MUST be kidding. The "locker room" for women is terrible.  I would prefer to be able to rinse off before leaving.  If there were more showers, I would have the option of practicing and showering before work.- I would really like another wall of mirrors, or reflective tint on the wall of windows.  A ballet bar for pre-class stretching would also be great. -The hot room is small. Get there EARLY.  And you still will have mats 8 inches from yours depending on the class.
4	I have been practicing yoga for 9 years and am a yoga teacher.  This place is very special to me.  Relative to other Bikram studios, Bikram Phoenix has a more tranquil feel.  There is an altar with two of the most revered modern yoga masters on the planet.  There are tea lights around the studio, helping to create the tranquility.   The owner, Brooke Sterling, has managed to keep Cystic Fibrosis in check for more than 40 years.  She claims Bikram Yoga is part of the reason.  The staff here is friendly.  I love it.
5	I've had a few friends over the last few years that have mentioned I try Bikram yoga. I had reservations, felt as a guy I'm not sure if I could be comfortable doing hot yoga. Well last month my friend suggested this studio that she also attends class. So I finally worked up the courage and came to a class with her. This studio offers a $20 2 week unlimited intro. I have been going 2-3 times a week ever since. It has been about a month at the moment I'm writing this review.Everyone has their own favorite instructors, Justin is my favorite. I have since lowered my blood pressure dramatically and can feel my stress levels decreasing. I think that partially has to do with one, the cardio I've been receiving from the class and partially the knowledge I've come to learn about how I deal with my stress and how I can let it go, remembering what I've learned in yoga. They say at this studio yoga, true yoga starts when you leave class. I really believe that now. I would recommend this studio to anyone.
5	I have been practicing at Brooke's studio for years and it is, hands down, my favorite Bikram studio! I do not use all of the amenities and cannot speak to locker room space and shower facilities. I live nearby so I come in, practice, and leave. The staff is wonderful, the teachers are awesome, and everyone truly seems happy to be there. Brooke is warm and welcoming and that carries over to her staff. Thank you for being so consistent and though I may take a break or take advantage of a Groupon elsewhere....I always feel at home in this studio. It is my happy place:)
1	Oh geeze I loathe this place. It smells like a sweaty swamp full of mold, yeast, day old balls and other unidentified bodily odors. The fluorescent lights blare while the instructors yawn and fan themselves with the list of asanas they repeat session after session ad nauseum. Did I mention it's also 100 degrees and 95 percent humidity in there? You will also huddle together as there is always a groupon bringing in the hordes. Don't worry, you will be able to see every inch of everyone's nearly naked body for only a few minutes as the mirrors quickly fog up with your collective sweat.
1	Do not go here! This place simply nasty. I have been to any hot yoga classes and this studio is by far the worst. They have mold and such a stench that lingers through the entire place. Honestly, made me sick. It is so unkempt and dirty!I would never suggest this place to anyone.
5	Phenomenal! Brooke and her staff are educated, motivating, encouraging and knowledgeable.  Get there early, the room fills up fast.  Is that a sign???  I would say so.  Keep it up guys are you are awesome.
1	Smelly, moldy and just plain gross! It is difficult to say you're doing something healthy when you're staring at the ceiling and all the mold is staring right back at you... The yoga itself is great however it is hard to get over the unbearable smell of sweat that slaps you in the face the moment you walk in.. I'm sure there are better places to try in town!
