3	I appreciated that the drive-thru guy was genuinely apologetic on THE DAY BEFORE CHRISTMAS that there wasn't a more reasonably priced way to get a veggie burger and onion rings. He hinted that a "meal" would be set-up in the near future, thereby allowing greater value. We'll see my friend, when I'm back in town, if this has happened. Until then, you were incredibly pleasant to buy a somewhat decadent meal from and it's no bother spending an extra few dollars to Have It My Way.
3	Burger King is a good alternative for.... (fill in the blank).   Their broiling of burgers offers a distinctive taste and for the most part the food and service is good.  This particular location is convenient to FLW and Shea Blvd and we have found their employees to be very nice.
2	Slow service, dirty dining area, medicore food.  Not one of the better BK's in the Scottsdale area.  Play area for kids is decent though.
4	This service here has been very friendly. The manager at the time was this super friendly old man that kind of reminded me of Santa Claus.On one particular occasion, one of the workers screwed up my combo and didn't give me fries. Like what the hell, right? Anyways I walk inside the store, and some scumbag just gives me the stink eye. Then out of nowhere, BOOM Santa Claus comes in and gives me a large for free.If you're wavering on what fast food eat, come here just because of Santa Claus working here.
1	I wish I could leave negative stars. This establishment is by far the worst fast food restaurant I've ever been in - and I've been in a lot.The employees here clearly hate their jobs. I always hope it would change, because let's face it, sometimes you want a dang Whopper. That was the case for me tonight. I walk in - hear the door chime to alert people I was there. I stood at the empty counter and waited. No one shows up. So I shift a little bit since there's an employee there washing trays. She makes eye contact with me then quickly looks away. I wait a few minutes longer. So after more than 5 minutes of waiting to have my order taken... I just decided to leave.This is not the first bad experience I've had here. It's gone through a few management changes over the past few years, I always thought the service would change... but it never has. Their slogan is "have it your way", so why is that me, as a customer, asking for the fries to be cooked longer is mocked by the manager? DO YOU THINK WE CAN'T HEAR YOU? Additionally, please know that just because a person looks a certain ethnicity doesn't mean we don't understand Spanish ;) The floors are almost always sticky. The trash usually overflows. It's just horribly ran.
3	everything was good, service was good, the restaurant itself is very old and dingy and needs major work. major turn off from ever going back. this place needs a serious remodel.
