5	The Shadyside area is filled with expensive salons which cater mostly to the ladies. Alder Street Barber is a throwback to the classic barber shop. No appointment needed. Just show up and get a cut. Adam does a great job of giving you exactly what you want. The atmosphere is relaxed and the other customers I have encountered have been outgoing and friendly. This is the kind of place where you can hang out and shoot the breeze while waiting your turn. The price is over half what I usually pay in Shadyside and the best part is I can swing by, get a haircut, and be out the door in 20 minutes. Very glad I found this place. Alder Street Barber fills a much needed niche in Shadyside.
5	Adam runs a serious barber shop without all the pretense of Shadyside salons.  Best haircut and shave.  Forget the price because I think he should charge more, the service is top notch the location is centralized and well I just can't say enough.
5	Solid haircut for a solid price ($15). Also the only place in Pittsburgh where you can get a haircut in an upscale garage while listening to jazz. CASH ONLY, contrary to the Yelp page
5	The lone men's barbershop in a sea of Shadyside salons. You can get a great men's cut at a reasonable price ($15). The shop has a real cool vibe and Adam (owner/barber) keeps good tunes flowing.Straight razor shaves are offered as well. It's located in a garage behind Pizza Perfecta.
5	Solid shop for a haircut. I've been going there for a few months now since switching from my old spot in Oakland. It's barely a two minute walk from my front door. Adam does a great job and responds really well to feedback. Relaxed atmosphere and good music. Highly recommend giving it a shot.
5	This is one of the very few reviews I have ever written on Yelp!, but after getting my haircut at Adam's shop for the last couple of months I had to post one.  This is by far the coolest barber shop I have ever been too, and it has top quality.  It truly adds to the character of Shadyside.  Adam does a fantastic job and really establishes rapport with his customer.  He does a great job making sure it's exactly how you wanted and shows he appreciates your business.  If you haven't gotten your hair cut here, you probably should give it a try.  You won't be disappointed!
5	I really liked the haircut my boyfriend got here :)
5	Great barber shop. Really relaxed atmosphere. Very reasonably priced and Adam definitely knows what he's doing. Great rapport with customers. Always satisfied with my haircut.
5	New to the area and searched for a place to get a haircut on google maps. I got a sweet cut for a great price. Definitely recommend this place to all guys looking a good value.
5	Nothing fussy or complicated about this place. The Barber simply asked what I wanted Once I told him, he began his work like a true craftsman. He cut my hair with such precision and concentration. In all my life I have never had a haircut I was satisfied with, however after this I feel like God has smiled upon me. The price was incredible ($15) and you pay for just that the cut and not all the fuss of a salon and all the trappings, I will definitely return here.
5	Just got a great haircut here for a great price. There is a huge difference between a barber and a place that cuts hair. I would suggest this to any guy who wants a great haircut. Old school meets new!
5	Simply a great experience.  I was in town for work and needed a haircut.  Not a trim, a full blown cut.  The beard needed work as well...I was basically a cave-man looking for some help.Found the shop on Yelp, and the reviews seemed strong enough to make me make an appointment.  Spoke to Adam directly, he asked what I was coming in for and then fit me right in.Showed up 5 minutes early, easy parking, and walked into an awesome little shop.  Relaxed feel in the place, I hung out for a couple of minutes while the previous client finished up - he was clearly a regular, and left happy.Stepping into the chair, Adam was friendly and asked what I wanted to do, and then actually listened to what I wanted.  After that he went to work, and he did an excellent job.  He's clearly capable in giving you any type of modern or popular style that you'd want, while still having a unique touch that'll make your look killer, and the price is definitely right.Highly recommend, I'm going to stop in again before heading home.
5	This is great place for the guys. Adam, the owner, has created a very hip and inviting space that makes you feel right at home. Fun decorations, plants, and wide garage door windows provide great light value make the place very comfortable. Fun tunes fill the room that can be switched to whatever at a moment's notice.Adam also gives great haircuts, as his photos as well as many of my own friends and acquaintances can attest. He's happy to accommodate to whatever you're looking for. His prices also beat what you can find at conventional salons, which generally cater to women.For the quality of his work, the great ambiance, and the price, Alder Street Butler can't be beat. Once you go here, you'll have trouble finding a better place to go.
5	Finally someone that can make me look like a decent human! Adam is the best. Plus complimentary refreshments, good music and conversation. Killer A++
5	Amazing hair cut, great guy, way better service then I've ever gotten at any chain barber. Will definitely be going back!
5	Just had my first cut from Adam and will be going back. He did a great job and is super easy going. Price is right, cut is great and it's quick without being rushed.  It's in a cool little spot too being right off Highland.  Definitely give his shop a visit if you need tight haircut, couldn't recommend more.
5	You should've seen my hair before the cut. This guy know what he is doing. I was like a completely different person after the cut. Best cut I've ever gotten.
2	I'd read about these hipster-Brooklyn barber shops in the NYTimes so after checking this place out online, I was real hyped up about coming here. Looked really cool outside & in (dimly lit, Apple computer, street art books, jazz playing), & the happy customer photos made me want to be like Mike. So I got a cut & shave ($25) & it was a very mixed experience. Long story short: I got home, looked in the mirror, & busted out w/ the scissors, Mach razor, & hand mirror. Hair-wise, there were a lot of missed spots (tufts, not strands) on the top/sides/back & shave-wise, the lower portion of my face felt & looked like a prickly cactus. I was pissed & vowed never to fall for the hype again, but at the same time, I enjoyed sitting in that chair & being taken care of (while there, I tried to be as hopeful & positive as possible but the tsunami of reality hit me like a 2 x 4). I was shocked & disappointed. I don't want to micromanage people who should be more knowledgeable than me. I just want to sit, chill, & enjoy the experience, then get up, pay, & walk away looking like a million bucks, not a food stamp card.The irony of this experience is that I was hoping to find an escape from the bad haircuts you get at chain stores full of beginner I-don't-know-what-I-want-to-do-with-my-life hacks who can't cut it (pun intended) anywhere else. Also from the old barbers who give you outdated hairstyles & offer you porn and the beauty salons full of estrogen. This place izza RZA fo' shizza hack in hip clothing.The search continues for an intuitive barber... #OnwardAndUpward!This is more of a one-time novelty thing that curious guys (remember what happened to the cat?) need to get out of their system just to say that they tried it, but did not inhale. Thumbs down.Customer, beware. In the ongoing battle between Style vs. Substance, I say, "Go Substance! Go elsewhere" (yes, it was that bad).The only good thing that came out of this mess was the compliments I got on Monday at work about how nice I looked after shaving my face & cutting my own hair.Moral of this story: Anything you can do, I can do better (and I lived happily ever after).The End.
5	Adam is the best! I have known him a very long time and sent my boyfriend to see him at the shop. He loves it and has recommended it to all of his friends. The spot is relaxing and stylish and Adam is great at cutting many different hair types! I am always happy to recommend Alder Street Barber and no one has been disappointed yet! Great job Adam! Thank you for being a great example of entrepreneurship and a positive example in the community!
5	I just moved to the area and of course needed a haircut right away. I was worried about having to get my haircut by an unknown barber (even one with fantastic reviews); however, a few minutes of talking with Adam quickly put me at ease. I received the best haircut of my life and will definitely be going back. Give Alder Street Barber a chance and you will not be disappointed.
5	Adam's calming spirit, at-ease demeanor and dedication to a great overall barbering experience has earned him a happy, loyal customer here! I had a bad day in which I lost a lost of money by way of a wicked ATM incident. I was late for my appointment and set his schedule way off. Adam was very understanding and compassionate. He made my day-from-hell all better by hearing me out and (unexpectedly) offering me a high-quality cut ON THE HOUSE! And it brings me great comfort to know that if I have a suggestion for whatever style, he is all ears and ready to do what it takes to seal the deal!
5	I gave adam a vague description of what I was looking for and it was like he read my mind. Definitely a great hair cut.
5	Been going to Adam since day one but finally got around to writing a review. He's a super talented barber and has a great little shop. Cool, friendly vibes and you'll walk out looking better than you were before.  Definitely recommend.
5	Adam is the manFirst time he got it rightHe listens and then cuts it the way you like itFive star!!!!
5	One of the better haircuts I have got in a long time at a reasonable price. Recommending this place to all my friends.
2	I liked Adam - he's a real charming guy and his shop is really cool. But he gave me a crappy haircut, and he did the same thing to my friend! I told him I wanted it trimmed all around, not too short on the back, and not too long on top. Well, he gave me a classic hipster haircut - super short on the back and super long on top. Exactly what I didn't want.
