5	I just had two of my guitars upgraded and set up by the guys at Bronson. I had recently taken my Ibanez AX for a setup at Guitar Center and even though it played nicely, the frets still buzzed. Mark Bronson explained to me why the setups at larger music stores are usually ok  but aren't tailored for each customer. After getting my guitar back I understand exactly what he meant! He did everything possible including sanding and polishing the frets, which made a huge difference (I didn't even know it was an option, I always played guitars with sharp fret ends... Not any more). I also brought my G&L Rampage in for a pickup upgrade which made the instrument sound phenomenal! Needless to say, I won't be going anywhere else for service again.Mark and John really know their stuff. They were both extremely knowledgeable, polite, fair and objective when advising on what I should do to improve my guitars. I have since started receiving lessons from Richard Carbajal, one of the teachers at Bronson who, within two lessons, has improved my ability to play and listen to music. I definitely recommend this shop to anyone that needs their instruments serviced, anyone looking for advice or just plain guitar fans!!
5	My aunt gave me her old guitar more than 30 years ago and I've finally decided that I should learn to play it. However, one of the first things I found out that I needed to do was get it set up properly. Luckily I stumbled upon Bronson Guitar Works. They took my old acoustic guitar, cleaned it up, fixed the action, replaced the strings, and made it feel like something brand new. Mark Bronson also appreciated the fact that I know nothing about guitars and took the time to explain everything he had done.However, don't take my word for it. Consider the fact that when he's not touring with Bruce Springsteen you might see Nils Lofgren here. You also might find George Benson taking some licks on a guitar or just shooting the breeze. Other artists who trust Bronson Guitar Works include B.B. King, Bruce Springsteen, and Robin Wilson of the Gin Blossoms. Clearly these guys know their stuff and they love working on great instruments.But they also put just as much work into the guitars of those of us who aren't rock stars, even those of us who are just beginning. And that's because most importantly, they love music and this is a great place for anyone who loves music.Highly, highly recommended!
5	Over the years I've taken guitars and amps to a lot of different shops and luthiers with mixed results. I also worked in a guitar repair shop, and have done a lot of my own work on my guitars when it came to tuneups and wiring and pickup changes. The guys at Bronson are the only ones I trust with my acoustics and electrics, and know they'll do the job right. They have two of mine right now, because I'd rather let them do it right, than me have to stress over it. They understand guitars and what they mean to us, and take the time to go over the options when it isn't a simple solution.I recommend them highly.
5	This is a neat guitar shop with just about everything you'd want in such a little space.  I came to get my guitar set up and it was evident that they are knowledgeable and responsible people.  They're awesome.  Get your guitars wherever, but for set ups and repairs, this is the place to go to!
5	These guys are Rockstar's.  I have a beautiful green Modulus funk bass of which the paint was badly chipped after some fools broke into my house threw the instrument to the ground.  Anyway, John and Mark accepted the challenge to restore the bass to it's original speckled luster.  The completed work was nothing less than masterful.  I'm a customer for life.
5	I've been bringing my guitars and my former band mates guitars/basses here for years. From a Floyd rose set up to installing EMGs to a new rebuild everything was done professionally, in a reasonable amount of time and at a great cost. These guys truly know what they are doing. Always a pleasure doing business with them.
5	I bought a Epiphone Masterbuilt guitar from Sweetwater about 3 months ago, and am very happy with the purchase. Sweetwater dose a 55 point inspection and set up before they ship the guitar. I was happy at first, buy over a period of about 10 weeks or so my index finger was so painful when I played that I couldtn't finger a c or d7 cord. Like I mentioned earlier I was very happy with the Masterbuilt. So I went to the internet, to find some one that might be able to correct the problem.I found Bronson Guitar Works. After reading their reviews along with several others I decided to give Bronson a go. They suggested another set up, and lowering the action I took their advice, and had the work done. I got the guitar back today, brought it home, and played for a couple of hours. The difference is amazing. I know a couple hours may not be a good time for evaluation, but I have been playing my arch top while Bronson had my acoustic, and that has about the same size strings as the acoustic. I didn't have any pain issues while I was playing today, and I'm sure I will not in the future. The guitar is so much easier to play now I can't  thank Bronson enough. If you need some thing done to your guitar that you can't or don't want to do yourself give Bronson Guitar Works a try, you won't be dissapointed.
5	The Bronson brothers are awesome! Mark and John have been helping out with my basses for a few years now. Every time I go in, it turns into a great learning experience and my instruments are returned sounding better than ever. If you're looking to get any guitar repairs or setups, definitely come here!
