2	You want Old Vegas, this is Old Vegas.  As in Grandmother-old.  It looks like a little Greek Village on the outside.  On the inside, it looks like it belongs in a little Greek Village.  This place is downright scary.  I can't speak to the hotel itself, as we didn't stay - turns out we were supposed to be next door.  We didn't even want to eat in this place.  It was pretty bad, though.  I'd imagine Steve Wynn will expand and tear it down before long.
4	I can understand why TOURISTS may not like this place but it really reminds of a local casino except it's old.  There's a small lounge, small gambling area and a cafe. It's small. It's not the Wynn or an 1/8 of it. But what makes this place cool *gasp* Karaoke.Dollar shots.Dollar beer.Locals. Drunk friendly locals. Drunk friendly locals that sing rockband karaoke and who work the behind the scenes.---- So remember you meanie tourists. The guy who thinks he can sing black hole sun next to you might be a guy who works in your swanky casino.---
5	First of all you have to go see ignite it's a real hot show! the karaoke rocks and the drinks are only $1.00 and they are good not watered down. They have a mixed crowd young and old its not cheesy. Its old but it's fun and the bartenders are nice! Don't liste to people just check it out your self you'll have fun. It great place to take friends out  to. Especially, if they are from out of town you can get all your friends drinks for under $100.00 It totally rocks! they also give a show discout to locals on the ignite don't quote me but i think its $20.00 for locals. Oh yeah and they have karaoke and the sound system is preaty good too!
4	The good:  the room was clean and comfortable.  The bathroom was clean.  The view was nice.  In-house security.  THE PRICE.The bad: lobby smells like stale smoke.  Only one clerk when the band showed up as we were checking out (don't recommend the band, they were pricks).  Looks like the place is under renovation.We didn't use the pool, but it looked nice.If you take a 5 star hotel and age it about 40 years, you have the Greek Isle.
1	I wish I could give 1 and 1/2 stars because there was a bonus to my visit.First. let me say that I did NOT stay at the hotel, so this review is only based on my quick visit to the "casino" and I use the word lightly. Staying next door at the Marriott, I decided to walk over to check out Greek Isles. When I walked into the casino section, I was shocked. It was not very large and it was practically empty - at 9pm at night. There were maybe 5 people in the casino, including me and my date. It seemed more like a bar with rows of slot machines than a casino.There was a bonus though: most of the machines were actual coin slots, which I have been missing and I ever found a nickel Let It Ride video poker machine, which I have not seen in about 10-15 years. The nostalgia factor gives this place 1 and 1/2 STARS, but we decided to leave once the man sitting behind us started to drool uncontrolably on his machine (I wish I was making this up).
4	I stayed here on a Saturday night 9/12, and was impressed with how convenient and inexpensive this hotel was.  Firstly, the hotel is well within walking distance of the northern Strip and also a short walk to the Monorail station.The casino they have at this hotel barely counts as a casino -- its just a few rows of slot machines and a bar.The hotel itself is pretty dated, and the rooms are of standard size.  But, my room had a good view south towards the Strip.  Also, the hotel staff was courteous and don't charge hidden "resort" fees like most places do on the Strip.The night I stayed, all the shows there happen to be dark (on a Saturday night??) so I didn't get to see any.The best part about this hotel was the price.  I pre-paid an online reservation and stayed for $23 including taxes -- on a Saturday night!  That's one heck of a steal for being so close to the Strip.
4	A previous review stated that you could assume that this place was a 5 Star hotel and casino when it first opened. I definitely agree, and that's not necessarily a bad thing. I was a guest here for 2 weeks while working here in Vegas. I really enjoyed my stay here. The rooms are large and clean, the staff is helpful, the location is quiet but close to the strip and the slots are decent. I couldn't really ask for more during my time there.06/24/2011 UPDATE: I was going through my old reviews and I saw that The Greek Isles was bought out by Clarion. The hotel still stands, so as long as they keep the place as clean as before and have a nice staff, I'm sure it's worth checking out.
