4	This is an excellent location for a Cigar Shop / Bar....This location is in the Ballantyne Village.They offer a very wide selection of Cigars, gifts, and novelty items for the distinguished cigar smoker.With a very knowledge staff willing to assist, these folks will be able to help with your purchases, and can even make some nice interesting choices.They do offer a membership program for the Bar / Lounge for a monthly fee.From the website:Beginning MARCH 1, 2011  Guest passes are $20 includes a cigar from our house selections.  $10 CUTTING FEE per person for your own cigars!Very nice.....NCFoodGuy
4	I wouldn't say that I'm suddenly a cigar aficionado. I've smoked less than ten in my life and one was yesterday after I bought it here at Outland. A friend of mine -is- an expert and as a birthday present, I picked up a couple of his favorite brand.I knew better than to try and look like I knew what I was doing. As I walked up to the counter, I said that I needed some help. The man behind the counter (serious 'gun show' going on) introduced himself as Scott and brought me into the walk-in humidor. He suggested that the one I was getting for my friend might be a bit too strong for a newbie like myself and recommended a different brand. I took his recommendation and later that evening, was very pleased with it. I'll get that one again.Lots of cigar accessories as well as cigars that are all available as gifts. A great stop if you're looking for something for someone.
5	If you are looking for the HTF cigars, this is your heaven. Outland has a well stocked humidor, an expert staff and an amazing lounge area. Outland Cigars has two locations and both have knowledgeable, friendly staff that will assist you in finding the right stick. Don't overlook Outland Cigars if you are in the Charlotte area. They have memberships and lockers available for frequent guests (membership fees apply).
4	Outland is an enigma for me. I have had both good and bad experiences there; however, lately, the shop has gotten much better. The new staff that I have run into are very knowledgeable and don't treat me badly because of my age (I am 21). There are quite a few hard to find cigars there, as well as a decent selection of pipes. I have sat in the lounge before, and it is very nice, although it is private. I will be coming back to get the hard to find cigars that they have.
