4	I'd heard about this place a few times, and then it got the highest rating for food in the Las Vegas Zagat guide, so I figured it had to be worth a try.  However, I made a big mistake by not inquiring how far away this place is from the Strip -- from Mandalay, it's about a $25 cab ride (that's each way).  Be warned!  The cabbie who drove us back told us that the drivers LOVE taking people there from the Strip.  Heh.The food IS really good, though.  They have a $45 prix fixe deal for 3 courses, which is good if you think you can eat that much.  The appetizers, salads, and entrees are sized pretty well, so keep that in mind.  The husband really enjoyed the Asian slaw that accompanied his seared tuna (he's an addict, what can I say?), and my scallops were tasty and not overcooked, although slightly overseasoned.  We went on a Sunday night, which conveniently happened to be their 1/2 price bottles of wine night.  HUGE plus for that!  And they have a cab company who sends drivers very quickly at the end of your meal, so at least you don't have to wait long for the ride back.
5	A FABULOUS choice for lunch on weekdays, if you can steal away for a moment for the five star service and delicious food!  They are two choices for lunch - a la carte or the prix-fix menu at $25!  And at $25, what a steal!  How could I resist?  I have already heard great things about this place by my Vegas go to man, so how can I say no?!  (I tried going on a weekend and only discovered then that they weren't open for lunch on weekends!  Wow!)  At Rosemary's, there is a good selection of starters, entrees, and desserts to choose from for the prix-fix menu, making this place an ideal choice for a variety of palates.To start, I had the recommended Dry Aged Beef & Maytag Blue Cheese Carpaccio with Arugula & Granny Smith Apple Salad, Candied Walnuts & Port Wine Drizzles.  What a fabulous and light salad to start with!  The cheese is swirled into the beef and has an amazing mix of flavors going on in your mouth!  Yum yum!My entree was the Soy Marinated Bistro Filet Kabobs with Prosciutto-Wild Mushroom Hash, Micro Greens & Caramelized Shallot Reduction Sauce.  The kabobs came on two skewer sticks.  They were small pieces of beef, but full of flavor.  The mix of mushrooms and greens complemented the dish well.  My companion had his favorite - the Crispy Leg of Duck Confit on a bed of French Green Lentils with a Brandy Green Peppercorn Sauce. The crispy skin of the duck was full of flavor, but the dish wasn't a particular favorite of mine.  I was more pleased with my beef kabobs.For dessert, I closed with the Chocolate Flourless Cake with Scotch Caramel Sauce and Vanilla Ice Cream.  I noticed they were offering Peppermint Ice Cream in another dessert and asked if they could substitute the vanilla for peppermint and it was done!  The toasted almond slivers added a nice crunch to the cake and sweet ice cream.  The cookie underneath the ice cream also added a nice bite to the lovely dessert as well.  I was pleased with my choice!  My companion had the Goat Cheese Cheesecake with Scotch Caramel Sauce.  The goat cheese was a bit heavy for me, especially after my very filling starter and entree, so I was glad I stuck with my chocolate cake.  He seemed quite content with the stronger tasting and pungent dessert than I.Service - amazingly fabulous!  Servers here are particularly anal and I love it!  The old school way of serving from the left and taking from the right applies here!  And my favorite - the waiters wait until all plates are present and they are set down in front of each diner at the same time.  Love it!  They also fold your napkin and push in your chair should you use the restroom during your meal.  This place works fabulously as a team and they get FIVE stars on service alone!  (This was just for lunch too!)  I can't wait to go back for more!Side note: Check out their website for various promotions going on like half price wine night on Sundays and ladies' night on Wednesdays, which means half off!  You can even purchase $100 GC for $79.99 at Las Vegas Costcos!Update!  02/02/08 - Had the pleasure of having their prix-fix lunch here again today and couldn't pass up the "Dry Aged Beef & Maytag Blue Cheese Carpaccio with Arugula & Granny Smith Apple Salad, Candied Walnuts & Port Wine Drizzles."  It's so good that the BF and I each order our own plate.  (We usually like to get different things and share, but this one is so good we just want our own!)For the main, I had the "Creole Seasoned Shrimp with Anson Mills Carolina Cheesy Quick Grits, Andouille Red Bean Sauce & Grilled Green Onion."  It was so much food!  Embarrassingly, I couldn't finish it all!  Too much grits!  The BF had "Rosie's Monte Cristo - Ham, Turkey & Cantal Cheese on Battered Dipped Brioche with Crispy Onion Crust."  I especially liked his flaky and light onion rings.  Again, very plentiful and he couldn't finish it all either!The BF ordered some kind of dessert that I forgot the name of.  The waiter said it was really good, but it was alright to us.  (You can check out the photos from the business profile and tell me what it was!)  I had the trio of seasonal sorbets because you can never go wrong with seasonal sorbets!  Yum yum!We had to sit in the front this time since there were no tables available where we could sit side by side.  Service was still good for the most part, but I think it's a bit better when you're inside.  And I should mention the yummy bread rolls they give you in the beginning, oh so good!
5	this has to be one of the best places to have lunch in vegas.  this place is ridiculously busy for lunch.  this place is away from the strip and located in a strip mall, so it's very delicious, easy to get to, plenty of parking, and a great deal.  For only $25 at lunch, you get a choice of an appetizer, a main course, and dessert.  you'd think you would only have a minimal selection in each couse, but actually there are quite a bit of choices and any specials of the day can be included.  i mean there are things like bbq shrimp, butternut squash soup for starters.  there are grilled mah-mahi, filet kabobs (which my lovely date enjoyed), and stuffed eggplant for entrees.  Finally, they have chocolate flourless cake, creme brulee, and coconut bread pudding.my favorite appetizer that i recommend anybody to start with is the dry aged beef with maytag blue cheese carpaccio with a arugula & granny smith apple salad and dabbled with candied walnuts.  if you get each item in your mouth it's just a wonderful medley.i always follow with the really really crispy leg of duck confit on a bed of lentils with brandy green peppercorn sauce.   i just love the crispiness and saltiness of the meat.  i just wish they would put another duck leg in there for all the lentils they put on that dish.  usually i end the meal w/a very light dessert like the trio of sorbet, but this time i decided to go heavy with the goat cheesecake.  it had a lot more kick because of strong flavor of the goat cheese and was sweetened up by the scotch caramel sauce.my lovely date, also pointed out that the service was "amazingly fabulous!"  they work as a team.  they are very attentive to pushing your chair in, folding your napkins when you leave, refilling your water, delivering your food, and setting up your table.i highly recommend this place to anybody who lives or is visiting Vegas...
5	Bauer's list in hand, I made my way through most of the five star restaurants in San Francisco, Masa's, Fleur de Lys, Fifth Floor, Michael Mina, the works.  My meal at Rosemary's blew all of these places away. First, the restaurant buys locally grown food. Second, the pan seared honey glazed salmon was in my top three of best fish dishes I have ever had. Nice wine list with a broad range, including beer pairings.  A six course tasting menu for $75.00...that's right...$75.00. Sunday nights they have half bottles of wine available.  The desserts were similarly delectable, including an unbelievable icebox lemon pie.  Well worth the twenty minute cab drive out of Vegas. I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. I would take a trip back to Vegas just to go there.
5	This was one of the vendors at the "Taste of the Nations" last year and I had been meaning to try the actual restaurant for many months. I am so glad to have gone for lunch today! From start to finish .. everything was absolutely spectacular! The wait-staff are friendly, knowledgable and professional! We started with the Dry Aged Beef & Maytag Blue Cheese Carpaccio with Arugula & Granny Smith Apple Salad, Candied Walnuts & Port Wine Drizzles .. I have to say it's one of the best Carpaccio appetizers I have had in Vegas. The flavors blend wonderfully in you mouth and the thinly sliced beef just melts in your mouth. They also offered the Yellowfin Tuna Carpaccio and it was a tough decision between the two. I overheard the woman at the next table say the Tuna was also delicious! The Angel Hair Pasta was yummy as well, but the Coconut Bread Pudding was to die for! It's comes out warm, and is topped with chocolate and has a side of vanilla icecream .. it kinda reminds me of a cross between a coconut macaroon and butter mochi. YUM. All of that (and believe me we were stuffed) was only $25 per person! Will definitely be back .. soon!
5	I've never been to a restaurant off the Vegas Strip and this restaurant exceeded all of my expectations.   Fantastic food and service at a great price.  I had better food and a better time here than at Wynn's Daniel last time (food was good there but service was a bit stuffy).We went on a Wednesday so it was Ladies Night which meant everything (except alcohol) was 50% off for ladies.  My party of four each got the 5-course chef's tasting menu (normally $65) and it was absolutely delicious.  We started off with rich salmon tartare topped with American caviar, followed by a giant bacon crusted scallop on top of yam and chestnut puree (yuMMMM), grilled sea bass, a medium rare grilled filet of beef (super tender and meaty in taste), and a trio of desserts.  Their goat cheese cheesecake is to die for - it's super smooth and rich in taste but the sweetness is not so overpowering that you want to wash it down with coffee immediately.   I wonder if I can order it via mail...hmmmmm.  Their service also exceeded my expectation - attentive, friendly, and not overly pretentious (which I find annoying at Strip restaurants).  There's no sommelier pressuring you to order the most expensive wine on the list.  They were great with getting your chair every time we got up, replacing utensils at each course, etc.  Tables were nicely spaced so you can talk at a normal voice level without feeling like the next table is sitting in your lap.  Basically, laugh out loud if you want =)I would definitely go back for dinner and also try their lunch prix-fixe ($25) on the weekdays if I have a chance.   Sunday is also half-price wine night!Rosemary's is about 20 minutes from the Strip (calculating from the Wynn) and kind of obscurely located in a giant strip mall but it was definitely worth the drive.  Parking is free and plentiful.
4	I found a promotion on their website for a $20 prix fixe weekday lunch (normally it is $25...still a good deal), so while I was on xmas vacation, I took my parents here. It's location was a bit off putting, being in a strip mall and all, but once you go inside, you find it is very pleasant inside. The service was good, although the waiter seemed a bit young (maybe im getting old). Maybe seeing a young kid act as stodgy as he could was sort of amusing. As always, my parents took forever to choose what they wanted, and the servers were patient. We decided to order as many different things as possible. This is what I hadAppetizer: Hugo's Texas BBQ Shrimp with Maytag Blue Cheese Coleslaw.Entree:  Grilled Wild King Salmon on a Granny Smith Cabbage Slaw with Candied Walnuts...Dessert: Coconut Bread Pudding with Coconut Sorbet and Dark Chocolate SauceThe appetizer I had read about on ahem...Chowhound to overwhelming accolades, but i found it to be overrated. The BBQ sauce was overly sweet and the blue cheese a bit gimmicky. Tasty but unspectacular. The entree was substantial and robust, tho I actually enjoyed my moms choice best, which was the Pan Seared Hawaiian Mahi Mahi. It was very succulent. By dessert, we were already stuffed but they stood out as the highlight. The Chocolate Flourless Cake was a surprise favorite. The Rustic Apple Tart would have been better served warm. The Coconut Bread Pudding was very sweet and very good. I had successfully won over my buffet-obsessed and skeptical parents, and they ended up crowing all last week to their friends about the place. Great value for very good food.
4	Friendly people, locally-sourced produce and products (or at least, they get real food, as opposed to some lame tomato way out of season), and a nice change from the Strip.  Gigantic portions.  I'd do a redo on the design, and go sleeker because it's a bit of a throwback, but it's a very agreeable place.   A good meal, even by San Francisco standards, and a terrific one by Vegas standards.
4	This is a great restaurant in LV that's not in a large hotel! Not only do they do wine pairings, but they also do beer pairings. How cool is that?? Besides, it is so close to my name that I had to try it! I still have yet to try RM @ Mandalay...LOL. =)A lot of the items on their menu just sound ridiculously good. Their Foie Gras was excellent. I came here for dinner, but it sounds like lunch or ladies' night is the way to go if you can get a table.I'm sure I will be back to this fine restaurant!
5	Date: November 18, 2005Location: 8125 W. Sahara, #110Corkage: $15Cost: $140 - Seven Course Tasting Menu (inclusive of tax, tip & corkage)Phone: 702.869.2251I've not heard of this restaurant before, not until I flipped through the WS Restaurant Guide and spotted this Award of Excellence recipient. Decided to check out the website, happy to see that they regularly offers a three course prix-fixe and also 1/2 price wine on Sunday evenings, both good signs to the restaurant's food quality and wine friendliness.After contacting Jennifer Hollifield, their Sales & Catering Director, a seven course tasting menu was setup for 13 happy winos. The menu itself was $95 and we were able to come to an all inclusive price of just under $140 per person, can't ask for any better in Vegas. The restaurant setup a separate table for all our wines, Nick Hetzel, Sommelier/Restaurant Manager took great care on all aspects of the service for the entire evening, especially considering our party size and the amount of stems and decanters we went through.All 13 plates for each course always arrived at the same time for all guests.We were brought fresh stems matched to varietal for every single wine we brought in, which I found out from Nick we went through 252 stems to be exact. Decanting were promptly suggested if necessary without any of us asking.The only surprise of the evening was the amount of food per course, lesson learned here but this in no way shape or form a negative thing. Figuring all tasting menu are build the same, at least portion wise, I asked for a seven course menu. When the price came back to be $95 for the menu, I didn't even think about it twice that the portion size would be out of ordinary, boy, am I dead wrong on this.I think by the time we finished the amuse and the first two course, I started to get yelled and questioned at, "how hungry were you when you planned this menu?"  The amount of food on each plate was at least two times as much as I expected for a seven course menu, the rack of lamb at the end was about three times as much. The really amazing thing here was Anwar was able to finish two servings of the rack of lamb after cleaning every single plate that was put in front of him for the night.  We finally cleared out of the place close to 1:00am, a huge thank you to the staff of the restaurant with Nick and Jennifer in particular to make this wonderful evening possible and went off without a hitch.Rosemary's will be my go to restaurant for any future wine dinners in Vegas, just have to remember to down size the menu so we won't require stretchers to get us out of the restaurant.  For those of you that's not been to Rosemary's before, please do so on your next visit to Vegas. It's a bit out of the way, but definitely worth the taxi ride or drive to seek the restaurant out. On top of that, the time you spend at this restaurant will definitely save you money on the blackjack table.  Tasting MenuAmuseFried Potato Qunelle with Ostera Caviar & Traditional GarnishesCreole Poached LobsterWith Tomato Concasse, Watercress Tossed in Toasted Pecan Vinaigrette, Grilled Green Onion & New Orleans Style Remoulade SauceSeared Hudson Valley Foie GrasToasted Brioche, Duck Confit, Garlic Spinach, Dried Cherry Port Wine Reduction SauceCrispy Striped BassOn a Fingerling Potato Andouille Hash with Southern Style Hushpuppies & Creole Meuniere SauceGrilled Loin of Pork ChopHoppin' John & a Stone Ground Mustard ReductionRosemary's Roasted Rack of LambOn a Toasted Pine Nut Couscous with Fried Arugula Leaves & Balsamic Meat JuicesCheese PlateGrafton, Maytag Blue & Camembert with Walnut Bread, Toasted Nuts, Dried Cherries, Port Wine Syrup & Onion MarmaladeDessert StormWine List1985 Krug Brut Champagne2000 Etienne Sauzet Puligny-Montrachet Les Combottes 1er Cru2001 Kistler Chardonnay Russian River Valley Vine Hill Vineyard (CORKED)1975 Rieussec Sauternes1990 Rieussec Sauternes1997 Zind-Humbrecht Gewrztraminer Alsace Grand Cru Gueberschwihr Goldert2002 M. Chapoutier Ermitage White de l'Ore2003 Kongsgaard Viognier/Rousanne2002 Domaine des Perdrix chzeaux2001 Rochioli Pinot Noir East Block (CORKED)2002 Sine Qua Non Hollerin' M Shea Vineyard2002 M. Chapoutier Ermitage L'Ermite1999 d'Arenberg Shiraz McLaren Vale The Dead Arm1975 Penfolds Grange Hermitage South Australia Bin 952000 Sloan Napa Valley2001 Sloan Napa Valley2003 Brancaia Maremma Toscana Ilatraia1975 Graham Vintage Port2002 Domaine des Baumard Quarts de Chaume
4	Great food, great drink, great service.  I was introduced to this place by one of my buddies who's a Vegas local... (Thanks Arv!)  You'll find French inspired American cuisine here, open M-F for lunch and every day for dinner.  The service we received here was top notch and the food was super tasty.  I had the Roasted Rack of Lamb with Rosemary Bordelaise Sauce and Kalamata Olive Mashed Potatoes... Mmmmm it was excellent.  Everyone ordered something different and all agreed that the food rocked.  Supposedly their menu varies so if you want to check it out ahead of time it's usually posted on their site.  The next time you're looking for an awesome meal with great service off the hustle and bustle of the strip, definitely check this place out.  Taaaa-STY! =)
4	I don't know for how long Rosemary's has been in existence, but it feels like forever.  In Las Vegas terms, that means more than five years.  Husband and wife chefs Michael and Wendy Jordan oversee a neighborhood restaurant that just happens to serve excellent food.  Just a few years ago, Rosemary's would sometimes be called the best restaurant in Las Vegas.  That's no longer the case, but only because the city has seen an explosion of top notch restaurants.  By all accounts, Rosemary's is as good as ever.The biggest problem for a visitor is that the restaurant is located way off the Strip - a 30 minute drive.  However, prices are so much lower than at comparable strip restaurants that you can still come out ahead.I've only eaten there once, but can vouch for everything I tried:  Hugo's Texas BBQ shrimp and Maytag blue cheese cole slaw (sounds weird, tastes great); pan seared Hawaiian mahi mahi; goat cheese cheesecake.  The food is served in large portions and is very rich.
5	How can you say this is the best place for a meal in Las Vegas, and have other people believe you!!???I'm not sure, but I'm certainly going to try.The first thing I would say, is you must must must go do dinner here. There is no excuse. Sunday is half price bottle of wine night, enough said. Seriously, this husband and wife chef team opened a place on the west side of town that is sublime. Order ANYTHING on the menu, in fact close your eyes and randomly point to things on the menu and have the dedicated amazing staff bring it out to you, I promise, you will eat every bite. The salmon tare tare I dream about sometimes. The cold soup, maybe potato or something, is to die for!!!!The staff of this place treats you with the utmost care, I haven't been to a place in a casino that treats you this way. It is really an experience and I haven't seen another off strip property do this well. Make sure you make a reservation because the locals know this is the place for dinner. I'm getting hungry just writing this.....
4	The food ranges from very good to outstanding. Their foie gras was sinfully rich and a huge portion. (You might not want to order it unless you're going to split it!) The Maytag Blue Cheese Slaw might sound bizarre but it is a standout dish which should not be missed. Their menu offers ala carte or prix fixe options and is very flexible. The staff are friendly and helpful. Best of all, no Strip traffic for locals!This is an excellent restaurant and the prices are not reasonable for what it is.
5	OH YES ITS LADIES NIGHT....OH WHAT A NIGHT!! What a night I had here last night indeed! My girlfriends and I celebrated a birthday here on Rosemary's infamous "ladies night" which is every wed. 50% OFF for all of us....music to my ears!! The girls and I all decided to indulge with their pre-fix menu (app., salad, entree and dessert of your choice).  The food is amazing here. One of the best meals I have ever had. Luckily, we all had different items and I was able to try many of what this place has to offer. My favorites: Salmon Tartar, Veal Sweetbreads with artichoke pilaf, Parmesan Souffle, Smoked Duck Breast Salad, Flat-Iron Steak with Fingerling Potatoes ( cooked to perfection with a great homemade steak sauce). Must-Have: Hugo Texas BBQ Shrimp!! Amazing maytag blue cheese slaw that I could probably eat everyday for the rest of my life!!Service was outstanding. Best I have ever had. The entire staff were all very courteous. Because the girls and I are all lushes, we fell in love with the wine list. The wine sommelier was very knowledgeable and helped us pick out great bottles of wine to go with our fabulous meals. Plus, I loved the fact that every time one of us got up from the table, the napkin was folded by one of the staff members and upon returning, it was graciously placed back on our laps. I had a wonderful meal and experience here and will definitely be back!!
4	The attention is in the details.From the dark napkins for the ladies so that they don't get white lint on their dress to the exceptional service by the wait staff - this place stands out by its service. Warm and friendly, they are knowledgable about what they are serving and are eager to assist you in anyway.This is the reason why this restaurant is consistently packed. The food is quite delicious too. The dishes are bold in flavor - perhaps a little to strong at times (which is why they get 4 instead of 5 stars) however this does not detract from the quality of the cuisine. Be forewarned though! - the food is rich so order accordingly.  And of course, my favorite - their dessert storm is fantastic. There were three flavors of ice cream/sorbet, cookies, goat cheese cheese cake (amazing), cake - it was over the top really. At a $65 price tag for the tasting menu for dinner - it's a steal really! (if there is a lady in your party, on Wednesday - it's a 50% discount off her meal).The only thing about this place is that if you are tourists, this is a little far from the Strip. But if you are willing to venture beyond the Strip to try some good cookin' for a good price, this is definitely a stop to make.
5	Rosemary's deserves the full 5 stars for more than one reason. I had read about Rosemary's and liked some of the different dishes on their menu and so had booked a meal at this off Strip restaurant, allowing lots of time to get to Penn & Teller at the Rio for their evening performance.Unfortunately, the cab driver from my hotel had no idea where he was going and dropped me off in the wrong place. After 15 minutes of searching, I found out that I was in the wrong place, miles from the restaurant. As I hate being late for reservations, I rang Rosemary's to advise them about my delay and that I would try to get another cab. Well, I must have caught the companies at peak period and there wasn't a cab to be had for love nor money.After 30 minutes of increasingly desperate ringing, I rang Rosemary's back. The person on the end of the phone said not to worry and that they would try and get me a cab and they would ring me back. After 5 minutes, she rang back to say that they couldn't get a cab but that one of their regulars was on her way to pick me up!!!! A delightful lady duly arrived and we had a great natter in the car on the way over to the restaurant. What unbelievable service!At the restaurant, they assured me that they would serve my food in time for me to catch my show and that they had already sorted out a cab for my trip to the Rio. If that was all they did, I would already be tempted to award them 5 stars for customer service above and beyond the call of duty alone.However, the food just reinforced the 5 star rating. I gather that Rosemary's used to be located at one of the big hotels - well, it's their loss. This food is vibrant, it's full of flavour, it's different and it's confident in itself.I plumped for the prix fixe dinner where there is a good choice of appetizers and entree with some choices attracting a supplementary charge. At my server's suggestion, I settled for one of the restaurant's signature appetizers - Hugo's Texas BBQ Shrimp. A flavourful interpretation of an old american favourite. I had the rack of lamb for entree and the meat was cooked perfectly. I'm afraid I can't remember the name of my dessert but a lovely sweet ending to the meal.As it was such a fraught evening for me, the restaurant gave me some special home made chocolates to take away and enjoy at the show. Special people and definitely worth the trip off the Strip.
5	This restaurant is a perennial winner in the Best of Las Vegas poll and was accorded a AAA 3 Diamond rating in 2006. We had called ahead and the first available seating was at 8:15PM. Unbeknown to us Wednesday is Ladies night where all ladies "only" tables receive 50% off their entres plus happy hour prices all night long. Several ladies at nearby tables seemed to be very happy, very happy. We each received a complementary dollop of whitefish (tunafish?) salad on a crouton. Our entrees were honey Creole mustard glazed salmon served with a watercress sweet onion salad, spiced pumpkin seeds and a butternut coulis. At the conclusion of dinner we received a small plate with complimentary chocolate and peanut butter truffles - they were out of the delicious lemon ones - damn.
4	We had dinner at Rosemary's on a Sunday last month.I arrived early and peppered the hostesses with questions on dishes they would recommend, the art on the walls (from local independent artists and available for purchase), and the age of the restaurant. I also found out they offer full-service catering. The hostesses were friendly (they put up with me) and knowledgeable.The place eventually became crowded. It was somewhat hilarious (and a little offensive) how one kid was watching a DVD at the table (who brings their kid - and their personal player - to a place like Rosemary's?). It was all the more obvious since the room was dim (relatively speaking: the tables in the front bar area were better lit). Our dining room suffered from "mood lighting" and would benefit from seat or table spotlights; I like to see what I'm eating. Others may argue that they don't want to see their date, so this place may be good for you!Service was outstanding. Our primary server and his assistant explained every dish (even the beer selections). Like Perrier's Le Bec-Fin, the servers were enthusiastic and placed the dishes on the table in unison. Unlike LBF, the servers didn't buzz around the table like insects.I was running on an hour of sleep, so I (wisely) refrained from having alcohol but a friend had the beer-meal pairings, which he enjoyed.A few of us ordered the chef's tasting menu ($70). Compared to typical tasting menus, the overall package was a generous size and we weren't able to finish it all. The courses which grabbed my attention (even through my sleepy stupor) were:- l'amuse bouche (I was amused)- First course: salmon tartar appetizer with watercress, caviar, crackers and a saffron sauce- Fourth course: rack of lamb with Kalamata olive mashed potatoes, fried arugula, and a rosemary bordelaise sauce (mmmmmm - quite savory and the lamb was oh-so-tender)Lackluster courses:- Second course: Panko crab boulettes with marinated cucumbers (flavorless)- Third course: Crispy skin striped bass with hushpuppies and a creole meuniere sauce (not too much flavor, and not a fan of fish)- Dessert: I don't remember the dessert - not my thing anyway.Rosemary's is 30-40 minutes from the Strip, but worth the cab ride there. It's popular and is booked quickly, so reserve your table in advance!
4	It was my first time here this past Friday night after my sister highlt recommended this restaurant. The host and hostess were the best and very welcoming. Though the service was slow in the start (we didn't get our menus until after sitting there for 10 minutes and asking for them), it picked up and turned out to be better at the end. We decided to go with the Chef's tasting menu and my boyfriend added the Beer Tasting with that. First course - Salmon Tartare, Second course - proscutto wrapped goat cheese with pesto sauce, Third course - Texas Red Fish with pecans and Fourth course - Pork tenderloins with crab apples and sweet potates. Every course was wonderful and very tasty. We weren't too crazy over the desserts. We were so full and content with this meal and definetly come again on our next visit to Vegas.
5	Not much else has to be said here. Amazing food, great beer selection, good wine list, great service. The only drawback for me is the decor and layout. Not the coziest or most romantic space, but the food makes up for it.The sweetbreads really impressed me. The texture was perfect, as was the accoutrement. Both times I ordered these, it was the second course in a three course meal, and I should have learned my lesson the first time and had my main course first. Followed up by the striped bass, I was too full and there was slightly too much time between courses and I could not finish my entree. It was still amazing reheated the next day, though.
5	Absolutely Fantastic.   Everyone has been telling me I have to go, and I was excited to try the place..... but then I drive up and it's in a strip mall, and I thought something must be wrong.....  yep.... I was wrong.The food was amazing, the wait staff was great and it wasn't as expensive as the same quality of food elsewhere, so that was a nice surprise.Go.  Eat!
5	As we pulled up to the restaurant, I was a little perplexed. I was in Vegas for my cousin's wedding. A couple people in our group had been to Rosemary's before and recommended it. But we were pulling up to a strip mall. We were going to be having the celebratory wedding dinner in a strip mall? Enter confusion. Though only for a few minutes until we got inside.Since we had a large group, we were eating off a predetermined menu with a couple choices for each course. Wine was ordered, poured, and drunk happily by the masses at the table. This is the kind of place where all the meals are served simultaneously. For our large party, that meant around 10 servers each holding two plates, and putting the meals down in unison. It's a touch that you don't necessarily want every time you go out, but one that screams class, definitely appropriate for the wedding dinner. The food was excellent. The service was superb. Definitely worth the trip off the strip for dinner.
5	Ahhhhh........Rosemary's. It's the first dinner my hubs and I can remember having together. This was 5 years ago when Rosemary's was still paying an exorbitant rent in the Rio.They have since moved 6 miles out away from the strip on Sahara/Cimmaron in a strip mall between Steinmart and the Dollar Tree. But, don't let this unassuming location fool you-- Rosemary's is the real deal and was voted Best Restaurant in NEVADA 2007 for a reason.Sentimental us, we had to go back for a visit while in town for a trade show.  I can tell you that I also came back for the goat cheese cheesecake, but left loving the twice baked parmesan souffle in a garlic cream sauce the best. My husband and I opted for the $55 prix fixe menu which included 3 courses of your choice.Hubs ordered:* Hugo's Texas BBQ Shrimp w/Maytag Blue Cheese Slaw* Grilled Pork Chop w/Hoppin' John & Creole Mustard Reduction Sauce* A side of cheese grits(exra dish outside prix fixe)* Carrot Cake (deconstructed and delicious)I ordered:* Twice Baked Parmesan Souffle w/Golden Chanterelles & Roasted Garlic Cream* Brick Chicken w/Haricots Vert, Shoestring Potatoes & Dijonaisse Sauce* Goat Cheese CheesecakeThe 2 things I loved the most were the cheese grits and the parmesan souffle. Maybe that says something about my love for comfort food, I'm not sure. But both of these dishes simply melt in your mouth and are the best in their class.I should also mention the service-- a little stiff, but overall excellent. When dining out, I don't want stuffy-- I want an experience, I want to hear stories, I want to know WHY the food got on the menu. I really hope Rosemary's doesn't lose it's charm that they've been known for in trying to defend themselves against arrogant, snobbish foodies who tend to miss the point.Fair warning- this is a $30 cab ride one way from the strip (+tip). And it was worth every penny.
5	Best restaurant in Vegas, HANDS DOWN. And I'm a total food snob, so that's about as good of an endorsement as I'll ever give a place. I have never had a bad dish here, and I can't say that about a single restaurant I've been to, other than French Laundry in Napa (but that's not really a fair comparison).
5	We finally tried this restaurant last night and it was as advertised...one of the best restaurants I have been to in Las Vegas.  The food and service was top notch...no need to expound upon the fact that every dish was great.  However, I am surpised that they dont move to a bigger free standing location. It was a little strange to arrive early for our reservation and be able to kill time in the Dollar Tree two doors away.  Regardless, even though Rosemary's  is in a strip it is worth the trip.
5	What do you do if you don't smoke, gamble, drink to excess or feel like hanging with the sleaze on the Strip in Vegas? YOU EAT (however, not to excess) and don't let the fact that Rosemary's is sandwiched between Stein Mart and Dollar Tree scare you away. I think the owners had a REASON for placing this treasure 30 minutes from Las Vegas Blvd. Don't get me wrong, we've eaten at many of the "Celebrity Chef" places in the various casinos, but whoever said Rosemary's was the best HANDS DOWN in Vegas, was right.Without knowing Sunday was 1/2 price wine night, we made reservations for Sunday, March 30th. Our Wait Staff, Justin & Katie, were about the best we've had anywhere. Attentive, without hovering, friendly, knowledgeable and obviously very well trained - Not once did anyone say "How ya guys doing tonight?' I HATE THAT!!! I overheard one of the other Wait Staff telling of the history of Rosemary's and how the restaurant was named after the owner's Mother and how they had moved to the present location about 9 years ago, etc. I LOVE stuff like that!We opted for the 3-course prix fixe menu and splurged on a bottle of wine - an Australian sauvignon blanc that we'd had before - since it was 1/2 price. We did try the signature Texas BBQ shrimp even though the thought of shrimp paired with blue cheese seemed...odd... and it was FABULOUS! The warm white chocolate dinner rolls (yes, white chocolate) were orgasmic; Katie even tucked 4 extra into a box for us to take back to our hotel to have with our coffee in the morning. WOW, a sweet reminder of the night before.Rosemary's is romantic and the dining room was dimly lit. If I had to say one negative thing, it's a very minor negative, the portions are really generous, so show up hungry if you decide on the 3-course or 5-course prix fixe menus. We didn't have room for dessert but a small plate of sweets came at the end of our meal: 2 dark chocolate truffles, 2 lemon squares and 2 buckeyes. A perfect ending.I'd give Rosemary's more stars but Yelp only goes up to 5 and I'd give 5 stars just for the service alone. When we go back, and we will, I hope Justin and Katie are still there.
5	I'm so glad to know about this place now... I come out to Vegas a few times a year for business and typically wind up in the over-priced packed and noisy restaurants on the strip. But you can do much better at Rosemary's.My wife and I taxi'd out on a Sat. night (downside -- it's about 15-minute cab ride from the strip, so will cost $25-30 each way). As others note, the strip mall location is not impressive, but once you step inside you forget about that.I chose their Texas Shrimp appetizer, which was a bunch of bbq shrimp on a pile of coleslaw which had been mixed with bleu cheese. Fantastic, I'd go back for that alone. My entree was the pork chop, which was the only non-stellar part of the meal (it was however very good). Next time out, I'm going for the lamb chops. Dessert was fantastic, I got some kind of chocolate bomb. We waddled out to the taxi at the end of the meal.The wait staff are very attentive and will take all the time you need to explain dishes to you. The wine selection is excellent, and although I did drink wine, I noted they have some excellent beer on tap as well.Definitely check this out if you want a great meal away from the strip, but do make reservations for sure.
5	I love this place! It's a nice restaurant without being too pom-pus which I really love. And it's worth the drive from the strip. Nice change of pace from all the trumpery. If you sign up for their email list they send out coupons which is courteous of them and they love it when you use them. They have a beer selection for the food which is awesome for beer lovers. I have to admit it is small but it's very cozy. Me and my husband make it a priority to come here while in Vegas.
5	The taxi ride was longer than I remembered, but that was probably because any recollection I had of Rosemary's was about the food. Twenty minutes off the Strip, Rosemary's graces its own strip (mall), where Chefs Michael and Wendy Jordan continue to rival any contortionist Cirque show for creativity and flawless execution. A flash of Mary Poppins extracting a coat rack from her carpetbag flooded my mind as I stepped from molten asphalt into a bath of beige and black. Somehow this desert mirage remained immune to the venom Vegas spit on the Strip. There was a whiff of reality here (along with deep breaths of garlic) and our initial steps inward lowered our temperature 10 degrees. They had expanded the space since my last visit in 2003 and it suited them well. An outstretched bar beckoned us with an array of elixirs and Venetian tendencies (as in Venice, Italy, not the Venetian, Vegas), basing neutral hues behind vibrant artwork. This "breath of fresh air entrance" flowed into the warm yellows and soft sconces of the dining room. Our twenty something waitress was enthusiastic, but much too comfortable with her use of the word "sucked," which hacked through the fine dcor like a pick axe. Her dialectic destruction was buffed out by the open arms of an amuse bouche and I accepted the crispy wanton topped with salmon mousse and citrus aioli as a refreshing, bite-sized "welcome". Choices of bread like pecan wheat or macadamia white chocolate also opened with gregarious "how-do-you- dos." Besides "gutter mouth gal", service was a highlight here and a main reason for my return. Collaboration of courses played out in a choreographed routine, where waiters lifted silver covers and distributed plates in unison. Jazz hands- appetizers had arrived. Smitten as kittens we mewed with delight at the saucers placed before us, but upon tasting the first option, hissing (and spitting) became more our demeanor. Hugo's Texas BBQ shrimp with Maytag blue cheese slaw was a Hugo disappointment. Smokey was the bandit, unmentioned and unwelcome, in the barbeque sauce with its distinct embers lingering on my palate like match-heads. I was more disappointed by an insufficient menu description than the actual dish (some people like smoky) and this formidable food decision weighed on my mind as heavily as the soggy, blue cheese slaw accompanying it. The grass wasn't much greener on the salad side. I thought I was down at the boon docks with the smell that emanated from my Caesar and though anchovies are a necessary component for this classic, they in no way should be the prominent flavor (or smell). I hesitated to think that maybe my idea of the food was remembered too grandly from either multiple bottles of wine or a love for this opulent oasis, but then it appeared as a bird? A plane? No...Fabulous Fig! Donning a proscuitto cape and accompanied by his goat cheese sidekick (stuffed, snuggly inside), this salty, sweet superhero saved the day (a triumphant cheer went out over the crowd) and just like that, the cogs of this well (olive) oiled machine slid back into place. Possibly to make up for my prior disappointments, culinary karma delivered one of the most prolific entres ever to grace my lips. I believe that day my journal entry read, "Today I became a woman." Their veal filet had me throwing my head back and grunting involuntarily, similar to the overplayed scene from "When Harry met Sally..." Green lentils exploded like salty sparklers and bacon confetti rained on the sherry mustard butter sauce like it was a holiday- it sure felt like one. This could possibly be the best piece of meat I've ever had (#1 meat entree nationwide). The rack of lamb also managed magnificent feats of flavor, seeping natural juices into Kalamata olive mashed potatoes and blending with the rosemary bordelaise (a reduction of red wine, shallots and demi-glace) to form a potent jus.We didn't have room for dessert, but that didn't matter- they brought it anyway. Peanut butter truffles, dark chocolate truffles and lemon squares were presented as their "after dinner amuse bouche" and was a tasty metaphor that symbolized what Rosemary's brought to the table- tangible appreciation. Playing to each olfactory sense, Rosemary's fine tuned performance gave an experience, rather than a meal. Even our two unfavorable selections were forgiven like a teenager's bad attitude, squashed by the overall success of the show. Somehow Rosemary's continues to elicit one of Vegas's most jaw dropping (and closing) illusions, where humble elegance outshines the neon bulbs.Coined as a rarity here, Rosemary's elcits one of Vegas's most jaw dropping (and closing) illusions, where humble elegance outshines the neon bulbs.
5	I've been hearing about this place for years and finally had a chance to experience Rosemary's.  I tried not to but my expectations were very high....and they still blew me away.  It wasn't about being compared to the taste and quality of likes of French Laundry.  It's more like being a darn good fancy food place at a fraction of the cost of Masa's or French Laundry.  We ordered 2 pre-fixe dinners and not a drop was left on the plates.  Multi-course dinner for 2 including drinks for less than 100 per person!?!!?  and the portions were not small!  What i'm still tasting on my tongue are the complex flavors of all the sauces associate with each plate.  Wow...
5	Wedding Reception,The staff is top notch and amazing. I asked one to recommend me a beer because they were out of Stella Artois and what he brought back made Stella look like a Bud Lite. Food is amazing and i cant remember half of it due to how much exotic beers i've been drinking. A best kept secret of Las Vegas. The location itself threw me off, wedged between some kind of discount goods store and a nail place but inside is classy and food deserves a six star rating.
5	Amazing food.  Outstanding, attentive, knowledgeable service!  The bartender was amazing also, very friendly & welcoming!  It's a little bit on the pricey side, but you definitely get your moneys worth between the food AND the service.I have also been told about 1/2 price wine nights (Sunday, I believe) and Ladies night (Wed??)- which is an amazing deal for a place like this!!
5	This place is fantastic! We decided that during this trip to Vegas, we would stay away from the strip's overpriced restaurants. We found this one on trusty Yelp and you guys got it right! We chose this place for dinner on a Monday night at 5:30pm to celebrate our wedding anniversary. I decided on the 3 course pre-fixe for $55 per person. I had the bbq shrimp with bleu cheese slaw, the halibut over a bed of spinach, and the molten chocolate cake for dessert. My husband had the carpaccio and the rack of lamb. At the end of our meal, the chef sent out a special plate of desserts with "happy anniversary" written across the plate. It was thoughtful and yummy!This place is a real gem. Thanks Rosemary's for a fantastic dining experience! ps. We also received a call from the restaurant the day after our meal to ensure that we enjoyed our dining experience. Amazing!
5	As we left the strip to head to Rosemary's, I was excited for a tasty dinner for my birthday. As the taxi meter kept climbing, I started to be less excited because I was starting to worry it would not be worth the trip. BELIEVE ME, IT'S TOTALLY WORTH THE TAXI RIDE!We had 3 people and we all did the $55 prix-fixe dinner. I did the Parmesan Souffle for the appetizer, the Flat Iron Steak for the entree, and the Creme Brulee for dessert. The Parmesan Souffle was a great starter - light, fluffy, flavorful with this amazing shitake mushroom cream sauce and creamed leeks on the side. The Flat Iron Steak fell short - a little dry and covered in "Rosemary's Own Steak Sauce". This sauce just tasted like A1 to me, but maybe I don't have a refined palette. I did enjoy the mushrooms and asparagus on the sides and the dish was plated beautifully. Lastly the Creme Brulee - Simple and very tasty. They also wrote Happy Birthday along the edge of the plate and served it with a candle.The service was amazing. They pull the chair out for you and slide it under you as you sit. They give you a black napkin for dark pants, and white for light pants. They bring all of the food at the same time in a choreographed fashion. The waitress was extremely nice and very helpful in explaining the menu. What was important was that I felt comfortable despite getting all this great service. The restaurant has a very comforting ambiance, almost like a quiet country home. We ended up spending $100/person since we had wine and my friend ordered Foie Gras (tasted amazing from the one bite I had) which had a surcharge for some reason. Despite the cost, the overall experience was amazing. 5 stars!
5	We had a coupon for the $23 prix fixe lunch and what a ridiculously awesome lunch it was!!!!  3 courses and you can also opt for 2 appetizers if you don't want dessert and vice versa.  Its hard to decide whether this place or Tinoco's is my fav place for a gourment lunch but the fact that they offer wine flights and have an awesome staff here just might sway me a bit more this way.  I can't believe a restaurant this good is tucked away in some blah looking plaza on Sahara!!
5	A friend of mine took me here for my birthday.  We were greeted with a great table, excellent service (we had THREE servers attending to us), and the food was amazing.  The atmosphere is simple yet elegant.  The place was completely full but not too loud.  The servers seemed to have good knowledge of the menu and drinks, and were always within earshot.  The food came quickly and was some of the best I have eaten in Las Vegas.  If you are a visitor or a local, Rosemary's is not to be missed.  I look forward to returning soon!Rosemary's has coupons on restaurant.com, and ladies get half off their food on Wednesdays!  It's very affordable for the quality.
5	Question: Where do two foodies go for their wedding reception, just after they get married by Elvis in Vegas?Answer: Rosemary's!My friends rented out the main room for the evening. Everything was superb (this is one of those times I need more than 5 stars). We had a delicious seven course tasting menu. Both wine and beer pairings were offered. I've never heard of a beer pairing and thought that was an awesome idea, especially for the non wine-drinkers.The service was impeccable. The coolest part? Even though our table was a table of 14, we all got served at the exact same time. No, really! Each waiter had 2 plates and they placed them at the same time.  That was an excellent touch!One waiter was especially in charge of my friend and practically jumped over tables to make sure she never had to pull out her chair and also that she and her new hub were perfectly happy. They were.When we pulled up (in a big, huge bus, mind you!), a few of us were taken aback by the strip mall and the green neon. Don't let the Krazy Buffet or Stein Mart in the same lot fool you!  The atmosphere was lovely and we soon forgot we were tucked away in such a lovely little restaurant. Everything about the evening was perfect.
5	If  there is a Heaven, I fully expect chef Michael Jordan to be waiting for me at the pearly gates.  For me, there would be no moment closer to Nirvana than for him to say, "Hi, Stacey.  What can I fix you to eat?"  The dining experience at Rosemary's can only be described as sublime.  I do not have the priviledge of eating at high-end restaurants on a regular basis.  However, I do get to Las Vegas quite often, and I would gladly save my restaurant dollars to visit Rosemary's as often as possible.Rosemary's has achieved the rare accomplishment of serving unbelievably delicious food and delivering superb service in a upscale, but completely unpretentious atmosphere.  Eating at this restaurant feels as if your best friend happens to be one of the most talented gourmet chefs in town, and he has invited you over for dinner (or lunch).When I made reservations here for our 20th anniversary, my husband and I  were fawned over like rock stars.  Today we went over there for lunch, and for a price that was half of what we spent at Terra Rossa the night before (see my two-star review), we had one of the finest meals we've experienced in LV.I am not exaggerating when I tell you that if you are wavering about whether to rent a car on your next trip to Vegas, do it, if only to make  it easier for you to get to Rosemary's.  Plus, you will get to go home and tell your friends that the best restaurant in Las Vegas is in a strip mall way west of The Strip beween a SteinMart and a dollar store.
5	If you're willing to venture 20 minutes off the strip Rosemary's is a wonderful treat.  It's very intimate with simple decorations and candles...a far cry from the gratuitous luxury of the strip.  The food was DELICIOUS...I still think about the steak and the tartare...  The wait staff were incredible though, so friendly (but not up in our business).  We were there for a friend's birthday and they actually hooked us up with a limo to drive us around the strip for awhile.  It was such a nice night, I definitely recommend taking one day from your vacation for a quiet and and beautiful dinner...and then afterwards you head right back to get your PARTY OOON!
5	I must admit that as we drove 15-20 minutes away from the strip, I began to think that we were heading the wrong way. I thought, "there is no way a fancy restaurant would be located here!" Then we pulled into the parking lot/plaza and thought, seriously?! It looks like a local mom & pop restaurant! I exclaimed to my hubby at how overdressed we could be for this restaurant. We shrugged it off and agreed we'd go in for the sake of trying something new! And so we did...Wow! The service was exceptional! The food was so delicious...my taste buds and brain were so happy as was my soul! I highly recommend the scallop dish! It was so full of flavor, I couldn't ask for a more tastier meal! The waiters were very respectful, friendly and provided us service that I dreamed I'd receive only if I were a celebrity! The place was subtle, not overly decorated but provided an intimate home-y atmosphere, and the staff treated us as if we were the only ones there! To welcome us for our first visit, we were showered with delicious treats from appetizers to desserts! The food was on the pricey end (about $30-$50 plates) but very much worth it! The restaurant also has a prefixed menu for $55/person that includes appetizer, salad, main dish and dessert!
3	Can someone from Vegas explain to me why restaurants are closed for lunch on weekends?  Is everyone recovering from their hangover?  Well, Rosemary's Bloody Mary's will definitely cure that.Rosemary's, my third favorite restaurant in Vegas (after Robuchon's Mansion and Lotus of Siam), overs lunch for $23 on weekdays and none on weekends (what the eff?), and $55 prixe fixe dinner daily.Each dish offers great presentation, wonderful flavour, and tons of originality.  I really, really like this place.Before you go, check out there promotions online: http://www.rosemarysrestaurant.com/promotions.htmIt'll save you enough for tip. :)
5	Rosemary's is a little gem about 10 miles away from the strip... in the middle of a questionable shopping center.  Like the other reviews have advised, ignore the Krazy Oriental Buffet and Steinmart randomness... this place is amazing. SO GOOD.  My family has been here a few times (minus me... jerks!) and I was finally able to try it this week.  We all went with the fixed menu for lunch ($28... but you can buy discounted gift certificates at Costco.com).I ordrered:Appetizer:  BBQ Shrimp & Maytag Cole SlawMain Course: Mahi Mahi with assorted citrus fruits and chopped veggiesDessert: Flourless chocolate cake and vanilla ice creamAll three of these things were absolutely amazing. The BBQ sauce for the shrimp was the perfect combination of tangy and sweet, the mahi mahi was tender and juicy and was complimented by the citrus and veggies, and the cake... well.  It was super rich and so chocolatey, I was only able to finish half.A few other dishes I tasted but didn't order:Appetizer: Dried Beef & Carpaccio salad (a strong taste... different but tasty)Main course: chicken main course (I forgot what was on it, but the chicken was super juicy and flavorful), Angel hair pasta (probably my least favorite option out of all the dishes... but still, not too bad... just not very exciting)Dessert: Sorbet trio (it was mango, pineapple, and coconut... TASTY), creme brulee (very creamy)Seriously. So good. Go eat there. Definitely worth the money.Also, I've never had better service at any other restaurant. EVER.  The waiter called me "Miss" about 20x throughout the course of our lunch.
4	Off strip deliciousness, top notch service.  It's simple.  And that's good.
5	This might be the best restaurant that I've ever been to. It was that good. If you are in Vegas, it is definitely worth the trip off the strip. My wife and I went there on a Sunday, which happened to be half price wine night. We both ordered the prix-fixe special, which was only $50. The service was perfect because our waitress was attentive but not pushy, friendly and not pretentious, and she had an amazing knowledge of the food that was on the menu. From now on, I will always make a trip to Rosemary's when in Vegas.
5	I've been to Rosemary's twice and it has not dissapointed. My family came in from Europe and we decided to take them here. They said this is one of the best restaurants they've ever been too. The service and food are unbeliveable. We even received a call two days after visit to see how we liked our dinner. I highly recommend this to everyone. It is worth the drive from The Strip!
5	We love Rosemary's!!  The service and food are outstanding.  This restaurant does not deserve anything less than 5 stars.  I can't say enough about their beer selection and pairing with the food.  I would recommend Rosemary's to anyone.
5	Rosemary's is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas.  It is worth every penny of the cab ride from The Strip.  I Love the Wild Mushroom Gratin, Prosciutto wrapped Salmon and anything they do with Scallops.  Service is always excellent and the Sommelier is very helpful and seems to remember my likes and dislikes even though I only get there once or twice a year.  I can't wait to go back.
5	one of the best restaurants in Vegas!The Foie Gras is world class, and half price wine on Sundays makes it hard not to spurge.
5	By far, one of the best restaurants I have ever eaten in in quite a while. It was refreshing to get off the Las Vegas strip and find this hidden gem. Although they offer a Prix-Fixe Dinner, you will find a surcharge when ordering Rack of Lamb & Fillet of Beef.The Prosciutto Wrapped Goat Cheese Stuffed Figs was out of this world. Also, the Creole Grilled Center Cut New York Strip with Crystal Red Onion Crust & Rosemary's Own Steak Sauce was unbelievable. The spiciness of the onions combined with the sauce kept me wanting more and more.
3	Dined there twice for dinner. Tried the prefix the first time and tried the BBQ Shrimp, veal tenderloin, and lemon tart for desert. The second time i ordered the foie gras with the fillet of beef. The veal was very good and heard many good thing about it. The bbq shrimp was quite tiny and was just ok. The service was really courteous with our waiters. However i think this place deserves a 3-star because of my seating experiences. Both times i was being seated near the kitchen and both times i had requested another seat but the girl at the front did not response to that. The first time i was there it was quite busy, but i had made a request prior my second visit. I must say that i find the size of the dinning room/ kitchen to be quite tiny and the kitchen here is just not aesthetic enough to look at all night. The restaurant is located in a strip mall setting, and i honestly hope for something a little more in its decor /ambiance in consistency with the food. For almost the same price you would pay at hotels etc i will choose a place that offers more.
5	hey you. yea i'm talking to you. don't judge this restaurant because: a) its outside of the las vegas strip b) its located in a uninviting strip mall. you need to start exploring outside of las vegas blvd. and see what else vegas has to offer. and don't forget this restaurant has killer deals ($45 3 course menu, coupons online www.rosemarysrestaurant.com, weekly specials). also, the menu changes seasonally. what are you waiting for?
5	Vibrant food, solidly executed! If Michelin gave half stars this would have it.
4	I had heard about Rosemary's for a long time and tried to make reservations but they were sold out.Finally, tried it on Christmas eve.  Somewhat over attentive service if that is possible.  Every sentence ended in sir.  Much better than dude and shows serious waiter training here.The food is what brings customers back and the appetizer of bbq shrimp with a killer sauce.  How good was the sauce?  My dinner companion used the bread to soak every bit of it.Both of us had salmon.  Excellent quality and cooked perfectly.Again, both of us had apple tart and cinnamon ice cream.  Sounded much better than the taste.  It was good but did not match the previous dishes.Wine prices quite high prevents me from giving this place 5 stars.  They shouldn't try to soak customers this way.Highly recommend place.
5	yum. yum. yum. As well as, ahh, so nice to get off the strip. Much better than many of the restaurants you'll go to in Vegas. So many strip restaurants tout that they "fly this in from Alaska" and "this in from Maine", but when it comes down to it, the menu and flavors at Rosemary's are top notch. We came here after I read so many wonderful recommendations. It is about 30-45 minutes off the strip, which can be a costly limo ride, but it's all worth it if you have a sophisticated palate. The wine list will not disappoint. I suggest sharing, as there are so many worthy plates.Enjoy!
5	(Written by BF)We've heard so many rave reviews about Rosemary's online and noticed that it is the #2 Restaurant in the U.S. on tripadvisor.com. A short 20 min drive away from Vegas strip in 110+ degree weather in an unassuming strip mall lies the mythical restaurant. Doesn't look like much, but there is plentiful parking right in front.We arrived a few mins early for our 6:30 reservation and the restaurant was already full w/ a bunch of people waiting. We decided to bide our time at the bar and have a drink. The bar seemed extremely well stocked with multiple wine refrigerators and a plethora of various drinks. Patrons around the bar were chowing on some dinner plates and swigging booze having a grand ol' time in the wild west of vegas. So what do you order for a drink in vegas? A Mojito of course! Great drink, lots of lime and mint leaves just the way I like it. The host accidentally got us confused w/ a large group (16 ppl) of Asian people. But no problem, only 7 mins lost, a quick fix and we were seated promptly. The nice thing, the hostess pulled out the seats for each of us and even gave us napkins color coordinated to our outfits. A bus boy comes out at this point and introduces himself. He lets us know who our waiter will be for the evening, nice touch, very professional. He then brings out the dinner rolls which were delicious especially the white chocolate pecan roll.At this point, our waiter arrives and really has good energy and a good vibe about him, no attitude at all and really willing to genuinely help us w/ our orders. He helps us order both our drinks, appetizers, and main courses in one fell swoop. For the drinks, he quickly consults the sommelier who's always lurking in the background making sure everyone is getting the best possible drinks.  We also notice two busboys walk in and then strategically serving the amouse bouch to the both of us in perfect synchronicity!BBQ shrimp w/ Maytag blue cheese slaw. This is one to die for! From the first bite of the slaw, I was immediately hooked. Slaw this rich and flavorful w/ perfect crisp contrasting against the tangy shrimp w/ bbq sauce just works perfectly. Salmon Tartar, watercress, saffron sauce and caraway crackers. This one was excellent as well. A bit salty from the capers, but something about the various textures of the dish worked.Both main entree dishes were once again brought out in perfect synchronicty by two different waitstaff. When the dishes arrive, it's an event! We even saw a table w/ 8 people and 8 different waitstaff who all rushed in w/ plates in hand, stood next to their customers, and when the tension built up a tad, and upon a slight non-verbal que by the lead waitstaff, presented the dishes in perfect synchronicity!For the Roasted Rack of Lamb, this has got to be one of the best racks of lamb I've ever had! You know those racks where you're nibbling on every last remaining piece of lamb stuck to the bone even after you're finished... well, this was one of them. Almost put me in a hypnotic state... yes, this was one of them. Almost put me in a hypnotic state... yes, it was that good!Pan Seared Mahi Mahi was an excellent dish. Fish was cooked perfectly w/ just enough citrus bite to cut through the fat of the fish while the cous cous was flavorful and the apricots were an excellent surprise.  Rustic Apple Tart with caramel sauce, candied walnuts and cinnamon ice cream. The cinnamon ice cream was heaven. The apple tart wasn't too sweet, but just a tad dry... could be that Vegas humidity, or lack of. Creme Brulee was excellent. Smooth, creamy, and rich contrasting with that familiar crunch of the caramelized sugar on top. The mint leaves and cookie were a nice touch.Chocolate Nut Truffles, Peanut Butter Balls, Lemon Bars. These were gratis, but by this time in the meal, we were about to pop so we took them to go. OK, all in all, one of the best restaurant experiences I have ever had! Food, Service, and Ambience were A++. I remember at one point going to use the restroom and upon returning, I find one of the busboys with my chair pulled out waiting for me to be seated. As I sit, he slides the chair in perfectly and hands me my color coordinatd napkin that is perfectly folded. That just about sums up the service. Not at any point in time did I ever feel that I had to do the "hey, pass me the ball" wave to get the waitstaff's attention. I always felt that I was being taken care of and never needed anything since they always seemed to be one step ahead. It really did seem like everything was in perfect rhythm... wait, how many "perfects" was that? Nonetheless, We left the restaurant into that clear Vegas night with that warm buzzing feeling from our meal... We'll be back!
5	My boss and I casually heard about this place while we were working in Vegas for the week... We heard it was the best this and that and the other thing, it was in some strip mall of Sarah 15 mins from the strip, blah blah blah... We had Sunday off so we caught a movie and decided to bop over to Rosemary's. I had a beanie and a white T-Shirt on and I felt pretty confident walking into what I thought was some mom and pop restaurant next to the DOLLAR TREE in a STRIP CENTER. We opened the doors to one of the nicest restaurants I have ever set foot in. I immediately felt ashamed in my dingy Sunday-worst clothing, but strangely not uncomfortable. From the onset my boss and I were treated with the utmost respect and care. We were seated immediately on a Sunday night (half off wine night!!) around 9pm. This restaurant is highly professional and our waiter was the poster boy for professional service. We were brought rolls followed by some foie gras. The wine started flowing and our apps arrived. My boss got Hugo's Texas BBQ Shrimp, and it was incredible. 5 Shrimp... this thing was an entree! I got a Crawdad Risotto, and not only was it an entree itself  it was so incredibly rich and flavorful that I could have ordered it again and called it a night. The special of the house that night was the short ribs and my boss got that... I am not a fan of short ribs, but apparently they were wonderful. I got the Creole Grilled Center Cut New York Strip. I usually never order steak at a restaurant, but this was just perfect and cooked medium just to my liking. I couldn't even eat half of it though because of the giant apps, but it was excellent.  Fortunately, or unfortunately depending on how you look at it, we got the Prix-Fixe style meal so we HAD to get dessert. This is where Rosemary's sealed the deal for me. Three words: Goat Cheese Cheesecake. I can never eat mere COW Cheesecake again. I would consider driving back to Vegas just to eat this dessert again. My boss got some Chocolate Bread Pudding or something... GOAT CHEESE CHEESECAKE PEOPLE!  Overall this place is one of the best ever. Perfect mix of high class and casual candor, impeccable service, and extraordinary food. Take a cab, hitch a ride, or run to Rosemary's from the Strip, and you will NOT be disappointed.
5	yeah.. it's little off the strip. You might think returning to the strip while driving.. But do not. It's really worth to it.I had pre-fix lunch menu for $23 with the coupon. Regular price is $28. We had 3 appetizers1) Hugo's Texas BBQ Shrimp with Maytag Blue Cheese Coleslaw2) Dry Aged Beef & Maytag Blue Cheese Carpaccio with Arugula & Granny Smith Apple Salad,Candied Walnuts & Port Wine Drizzles3) forgot what it was.. some salad2 main dishes 1) Creole Seasoned Shrimp with Anson Mills Carolina Cheesy Quick Grits, Andouille Red Bean Sauce & Grilled Green Onion2) Soy Marinated Bistro Filet Kabobs with a Fingerling Potato, Prosciutto & Wild Mushroom Hash, Micro Greens & Caramelized Shallot Reduction Sauce1 dessert1) Rustic Pear Tart & Cinnamon Ice CreamEverything was perfect. I love it. The most of all, I love their sweet bread, I wish I had some more but I really needed to save some room for main dish and dessert. The service itself is 5 stars. amazing. Highly recommend and prepare the coupon.
4	Based on Web research I visited Rosemary's this past week when in Vegas for a birthday rest and relaxation trip.  It is indeed in an unlikely location but the decor is upscale and pleasing to the eye yet very soothing.Their three course fixed price lunch is a bargain at $28.00 but I had a Web promo printed out that brought the price down to $23.  Absolutely an outstanding bargain at either price.  Ordered a salad with arugula, poached pears, nuts and blue cheese - outstanding. Entree was duck confit with lentils.  It was not rendered for long enough and thus was a bit fattier than it should have been and wasn't quite at the optimal pull-apart stringy texture that marks a great confit but still very tasty.  Dessert was a flourless chocolate torte - very good but IMHO served a bit too cold.Service was from an attentive young staff - obviously well trained and eager (almost to eager) to please.  I likea  slightly more subdued presence that is nearly invisible but from an overall standpoint I still have to give them high marks for service.I'm very picky about food and have eaten in some very good restaurants on my travels.  I can safely recommend Rosemary's to anyone who is serious about food and service and has high expectations.    They are obviously very committed to a high level of service and focused on both the quality of food and the presentation.  It's worth the effort required to get there if you're in Vegas.
5	One of my FAVORITE restaurants by far!!! My Dad introduced me to this place (off the Vegas strip) a few years ago. It's a bit of a drive and the location is in a strip mall, but once you walk inside the decor is very elegant and classy. I've been here about 4 times (only for lunch) with my fiance and friends. We tell everyone about this place whenever we hear someone is going to Vegas. I actually tried to take my colleagues to Rosemary's during a business trip; my boss said $25 was too much for lunch, but I would have paid because the food and service are soooo worth it. I've never had wait staff place my napkin on my lap everytime I got up and sat down.Lunch Recommendations:1. Hugo's BBQ shrimp - large enough for an entree. Delicious2. Mahi Mahi - very tender3. Chocolate cake - if you're a dark chocolate lover, you'll be in heavenI can rave about this place all day. My fiance and I actually wanted to have Rosemary's cater our wedding, but the location wouldn't allow an outside caterer. Oh well, we just enjoy it when we're in town.
5	The bf wanted to take me to a restaurant...Faraway in the desert horizon, 20 minutes by cab from the Strip, sits a nondescript little restaurant right smack dab in a strip mall.Impressive is the word I would use for Rosemary's. They take courteous and warm front of house staff to pair with the elegant and comforting New American/French cuisine brought forth from the kitchen. Our party of nine had many challenges: two people didn't eat meat, one person had an aggressive food allergy (garlic, onions and dairy), we came into the establishment with one extra person, and finally, half of us needed to make a show at 9pm. We sat at 6pm in an intimate dining room made exclusive for large parties next to a nice wine cellar. I ordered the prix fixe menu, where at $55 for three courses, was an overabundant amount of food. I started with an appetizer of fried sweetbreads, then had a warm spinach salad with a fried patty of goat cheese and candied walnuts. My main was a huge slab of prime ribeye, executed to perfection (a warm, red center with char on the outside) sitting on top of a dark red pond of spicy, homemade steak sauce. The grits were creamy and smooth, and the fried onions were the perfect accessory to the meat.My bf tried carpaccio for the first time, and loved it. I decided against dessert, but would have loved to try a smidgeon of the cheese course.Did I forget to tell you everything was absolutely delicious? The vegetarians were quite happy with their choices and the allergy-prone friend had an excellent meal centered around a perfect filet.The manager helped us select two very nice grenaches, one of which had gorgeous tannins and creme caramel, and the other with the whiff of barnyard and graphite.This is not to be missed, and as good as any four star restaurant on the strip.
5	There is a reason for why this place is packed on a Monday night!  The service and food are excellent!  The $55 prixe fixe three course meal is a good value.  The Filet of Beef is an extra $10, but it is worth it!Our table had the Parmesan Souffle and Wedge Salad special to start. I highly recommend the souffle it is divine.  For entrees we had the seared scallops and filet.  The scallops were the best I have had in this desert town. I know this might be a far drive for tourists on the strip, but it perfect for locals.  There is nowhere on the strip you can get the kind of food experience that you get at Rosemary's for $55 - you will pay twice as much.
5	The $23 3 course lunch special (print the coupon on the website) is such a great way to enjoy gourmet food and superb service in this economy (or any for that matter). What a deal!Course 1: Salad with smoked salmon and quail egg.. yummy! Course 2: The best mahi mahi I've had in my life. The reisling sauce it was prepared in was fabulous. WOW. Course 3: A very light (density-wise, not calorie-wise!) double decker carrot cake with whipped cream cheese frosting. Service was awesome, and food was great! Definitely recommend printing the coupon for lunch and giving this place a shot. Be warned if you're taking a cab.. it'll be quite the cab fare from the strip. Maybe save this for one of those times you get a rental car!
3	While in Vegas we stopped by a place called Rosemary's Restaurant. Despite being located in the back of a tacky strip mall, Rosemary's was quite an elegant place to dine. The waiters brought by a black napkin to match my black pants (and refolded the napkins every time one of us got up from our chairs.) The lunch special included a choice of appetizer, main and dessert.Everything was delicious. For appetizers we tried the Texas BBQ Shrimp with Maytag blue cheese coleslaw: a healthy serving of shrimp with a tasty BBQ sauce. The blue cheese coleslaw was fresh and went perfectly with the shrimp (think buffalo chicken gone gourmet.) The salads were also excellent, the mixed baby greens tossed in a champagne vinaigrette with smoked salmon, quail egg, capers, house-made cucumbers, and drizzles of saffron aioli, was delicious as well as the arugula, endive and radicchio salad with Maytag blue cheese, Riesling poached pear, toasted hazelnuts and port wine syrup. I highly recommend both options.The vegetarian main of fresh mozzarella and slow roasted tomato stuffed eggplant "packages" with roasted red bell peppers, green olive relish, and smoked tomato butter sauce was a little disappointing. The eggplant hadn't been cooked long enough and was a bit tough and bitter. Still, the smoked tomato flavor was really delicious. The creole seasoned shrimp with Anson Mills Carolina cheesy quick grits, Andouille red bean sauce, and grilled green onion was amazing. The smokiness of the Andouille went really well with the dish. All the portions were large and it was difficult to conceive of dessert.Even so, we finished our meal with the rustic apple tart with caramel sauce, candied walnuts and cinnamon ice cream, as well as a selection of sorbet (made in-house.) All were very good, with the apple tart being particularly delicious.Rosemary's is on the pricey side, so I would recommend getting the lunch deal (and arriving hungry!)
5	The food at Rosemary's is fantastic as is the service.  We went on a Sunday night which was 1/2 price night for wine, so we took advantage and ordered an expensive bottle that we would have never ordered without the discount.My husband thought that they could take some of the tables out and have it a little more roomy, but that was the only issue we could see.  It was wonderful!
5	Rosemary's was a top restaurant in every way -- decor/art work, service, and food.  My husband and I are big foodies (we live near San Francisco) and enjoy "great" cuisine whether it's located at the top of a beautiful building or in a local strip mall.  One of our all time favorite restaurants (also a James Beard winner) was located in a strip mall...  We happened to stop by for dinner on "Ladies Night" (Wednesday) where one meal was 50% off!  No joke...  Thomas and Marin, our servers, were wonderful (extremely attentive) and made the whole experience most enjoyable.  We'll be back...
5	Awesome! We chanced upon this outstanding little restaurant on a Thursday (Ladies Night). We've had many meals two, three... nay four times as much and none were better. Don't think about the time it takes to get there from the Strip, think about the time and money wasted at other eateries!
4	I went here a few weeks ago with my wife and mother.  Food and service were good but not amazing.  Compared to other neighborhood restaurants in Vegas, Rosemary's is certainly near the top.  However there are much better restaurants on the strip in the same price range as long as you're willing to deal with traffic and parking to visit them.  Bouchon I'm thinking of you.I highly recommend trying their beer pairings with whatever dish you have.  The wine list is your standard fair but the beer list extensive and one of the best I've seen in a while.Keep an eye out for specials.  Some of their deals (25% off and up) can make Rosemary's a real bargain.
2	The restaurant is located in a strip center 2 doors down from a 99 cent store. The decor was a little cheesy. Our server and assistant were friendly but the service seemed a staged. The selection of items on the menu was very good. I ordered the special appetizer, steak tar tar. When the server placed it in front of me it looked like the chef had opened a can of dog food and plopped it on a plate. It tasted great but was a little strained to eat thinking about the canned dog food. Monday's are great they offer all their wines at 1/2 price. If you go in any other day and want to order wine be prepared to pay $40.00 and above for a bottle of wine. If you bring in your own they have a $25.00 corkage fee. All in all I think in todays times you could do much better. Our dinner with wine came to $400.00 for a party of 4. A little pricey for what you get
3	Went here on a Friday night, booking thru opentable.com and it showed only one time available. But when we were seated at our 6:45 reservation time, there were many tables that were empty. I was a little disappointed by this place. It was hyped up so much (Rachel Ray, reviews, friends) and I guess I was expecting a lot more. The decor was sub-par as others have mentioned. It's located in a strip mall on Sahara, but even with the location, I was expecting something with more ambiance and character especially since the food was so amazing and not cheap. I can't complain about any of the food we got, it was all delicious and the customer service was fantastic.
5	One of my new faves in the WORLD!I have a select few top favorite places to eat in the world including Alan Wong's (Oahu) and The Hobbit (Orange, CA)... and now Rosemary's. This place is simply suberb with food for true foodies. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll drive out from the Strip for a far superior meal at a better price. This isn't a place for quick factory food. Relax, savor each plate brought to the table. The food is your evening. Inventive, well-presented, tasty and balanced dishes come in waves by a team-service staff that really knows the dishes and truly cares about your dinner. But this isn't an intimidating place. Underdressed? No reservation? Don't know a salad fork from your dinner fork? That's okay, the staff didn't miss a beat and was wonderful at every step. Do make a reservation, though. But if you walk in, the tables near the bar have more comfy seats.
4	Rosemary's is a delightfully surprising gem tucked away in a strip mall on Sahara, about 15-20 minutes west of the Strip.  It doesn't quite offer the "show" that is expected of fine dining in Las Vegas, but Rosemary's marksmanship with food presentation and service were dead on.Our party of four arrived a few minutes late for our reservation on a Sunday night, but were seated fairly promptly in the dining room off by the bar.  The server and his assistant were always on point, anticipating our every dining need.  Each of us opted for the three-course prix fixe dinner at $55 per meal, $65 if you wanted to upgrade entrees to rack of lamb or filet of beef.  Our servers started us off with Rosemary's tasty signature dinner rolls and some cocktails.  For my dinner, I opted to start with one of the night's specials: a blended winter vegetable soup.  The taste and texture of the soup was wonderful, only to be heightened more so by the subtle scent of truffle oil drizzled as garnish on top of the soup.  The second course was seared bay scallops with a deliciously rich sauce.  My third course was the roasted rack of lamb, beautifully seared, served with a side of homemade mashed potatoes blended with fresh cut olives, a side of fried arugula and a signature bordelaise sauce.  Each course was presented so beautifully and cleanly.  By the end of dinner, we all barely had room for dessert but eventually prevailed to at least taste some of it.Rosemary's is definitely a restaurant I'd like to visit again on my next trip to Vegas, and would certainly recommend this to others!
4	I've been to Rosemary's twice now for a birthday dinner.  The food is excellent - I've had the scallops and the ribeye steak.  The fixed menu dinner with three options is very well priced for what you get.  I've walked out feeling full!  The service is really great too.  We had a Vegan and a nut-allergic friend with us (party of 9) and they were very attentive to their special needs.  Sunday nights are 1/2 price wine nights, making it difficult not to order wine.  Yes it's off the strip, but it's definitely worth it.Also, the last time we went, we had "coupons" from Costco - $50 worth of food for $40 I believe.  Great deal!
4	This is an amazing restaurant. I've never had better service and the 3 course lunch is awesome. We have family members that go to Rosemary's every time they come to Vegas and we were lucky enough to tag along this last time. I don't think there is a dish you could go wrong with honestly. I really enjoyed the cheesecake and carrot cake. :) I'd give this 5 stars, but my husband and I are compromising with a 4 star rating since he didn't enjoy it as much.
5	Excellent food and atmosphere!!  The two times I have eaten there were amazing.  Yum yum!  Food is pricey but worth it.  Service is outstanding. Desserts are delish. Don't miss this place if you want an fancy dinner in Las Vegas off the strip.
5	I am someone that enjoys a great high quality meal with the fine wine and great service to go with it.  I heard about Rosemary's on NPR during a fund drive and decided to give it a shot (a few years ago). All I can say is WOW. I've eaten at places that charge much higher prices for a good yet incomparable experience to Rosemary's.  The outside of this place is deceiving. When you walk in you are greeted to a very high end looking restaurant. The menu's are always changing and the chef's tastings never let me down.  The food is great and the 50 dollar prefix dining a definite steal.  One of the things I always tells friends to pay attention to is the detail to service.  I've went several times in a party of 2 and a few times in a party of 6 or more.  Each time, no matter how many people are in your party, the staff attends to your every detail.  When the food is ready to serve it's like a military march out of the kitchen and every plate is set on the table at exactly the same time.  I've yet to have a bad experience here.  The wine selection is great, the price is great, the food is great, the service is un beatable.  What more can you ask for?
5	I have eaten at a lot of amazing restaurants, all over the world... my husband and I both agreed that our night at Rosemary's may have very well been the best dining experince we've ever had.  Although I figured it wouldn't be acknowleged, I went ahead and wrote a note on Opentable.com about the fact that we were in Vegas for the weekend, celebrating his graduation from the LA City Fire Academy.   Not only did the staff at Rosemary's acknowledge his accomplishment; they went over and above to make us feel welcome, to congratulate him and to celebrate with us... a sure sign of a restaurant that values it's guests knows the importance of personal touch. The ambiance was warm and romantic and our server Tom, was incredibly sincere,  and just the right amount of attentive.  Now on to the food... GOOD GOD!We decided to go for it and order the chef's tasting menu with the wine pairings.  Rosemary's has a lot of different menu options from very reasonably priced to much more expensive.  Because we had such a good vibe, we really wanted to put it in the chef's hands and experience all that they had to offer... we were so very glad that we did.What followed were five courses of the most exquisite, stunning and delictely prepared food; perfectly paired with five diverse and delicious wines.  We were amazed.  Each and every dish was perfect... absolutely perfect, and so special.  To top it all off they brought out my husband's desert with a candle on it and the Chef, Michael signed a copy of the tasting menu for us. What a brilliant night.  I know there are at least a dozen really good, swanky restaurants on the strip which would have easily cost us 50-100 bucks more than Rosemary's... I'm so glad we didn't go that route.  If you're in it for the glitz and glamour, be my guest.  I'll be in a strip mall in the middle of nowhere, eating the best food I've ever had in my life and marveling at the warmth and hospitality of the staff at Rosemary's Restaurant.
5	Service was impeccable...  professional yet not snooty.  Food was deserving of all its accolades and the atmosphere was pleasant.  The only thing I wish I knew about the place was its specials: Wednesdays are ladies night where you get 50% off food and happy hour prices for drinks.  So if you're a lady and available on Wednesday, this is a great bargain!  Sundays are half off bottled wines!  Next time we're in Vegas, I'll be sure to take advantage of these specials.
1	Marche baccus is much better and less expensive.
5	We luckily were able to get reservations the same Thursday we ate at Rosemary's.  True to the "Best of Vegas Restaurants" Rosemary's was superb.  We were first seated at a two-seater table and immediately afterward, a large, loud, and already tipsy party were seated next to us.  We couldn't hear ourselves think. After we had our water and had ordered cocktails, my husband asked if we could please move to a quieter table since we were trying to celebrate our anniversary.  They discreetly moved us to a much nicer table and the waiter was so nice about it.  The wait staff was perfect; excellent service and didn't take themselves too seriously.  They were warm and attentive and friendly.The food was outstanding.  The atmosphere, lovely.  We'd recommend Rosemary's and we would return when in Vegas.
5	Dear Las Vegas, You nearly killed me this weekend with your all night gambling, drinking, dancing, and all day pool parties at pretentious spots like Tao Beach, but you revived me with a trip to Rosemary's restaurant waaayyyy off the strip!  We had a party of six and were seated in a more private part of the restaurant.  It was the best service I have ever experienced.  The multiple servers were incredibly attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.  On to the food -- delicious does not even begin to describe the food!  I decided to get the 5 course tasting menu ($80 without alcohol).  The first dish was a duo of tartars -- salmon and beef tartar.  It was served with a few capers, a light lemon yuzu, and crisps to eat all the delicious yumminess. Course two was a Panko Crusted Crab Boulettes with emulsified ravigote sauce and sweet and sour cucumbers.  They cucumbers were the perfect addition to the fried boulettes.  Course three was sesame seared arctic char served with sho-mai vegetable slaw and ginger soy butter sauce.  I could have had three servings of this because it was soooo good.  By course four, I thought I was going to die, but I had a little talk with my stomach and managed to devour the roasted rack of lamb served with kalamata olive mashed potatoes and fried arugula.  Course five was a trio of desserts -- creme brulee (perfect), a mini chocolate cream pie (good but not memorable), and a shot of a framboise shake (a take on a rootbeer float but made with framboise beer -- delicious!).  Other diners had the ribeye and said it was the best they had ever had (and they regularly dine at place like Cut, BLT, STK, Morton's, etc.)  Everyone said it was one of the best meals they had ever had.  So, Vegas, you may have taken my money at the blackjack table, but I definitely won the culinary battle.Sincerely,Still Recovering in Los Angeles
5	Excellent service, excellent food.  One of the best restaurants I have ever been to.  Always rated in the top 10 restaurants in vegas.  Try it for yourself.  I strongly suggest the prix-fixe menu so you can try it all.Hugo's Texas BBQ Shrimp was amazing, butternut squash soup that night was delightful.Seared sea scallops were tasty and to perfection.Crispy Skin Texas Striped Bass was delicious with the hushpuppies.
4	Went to Rosemary's last night and here are my quick impressions... I had the prix fixe for $55 and thought my meal was excellent. Started with the foie gras and it was cooked perfectly! The only thing I didn't like about it was the marmalade tended to take too much away from the foie gras, rather than complementing the flavor it almost took over too much. Then on to the beef & maytag bleu cheese carpaccio which was outstanding! For the main course I had the creole grilled prime ribeye which was not only cooked perfectly but was excellent in flavor & texture.My wife had the seared scallops and thought they were amazing as well. I tried one and they were cooked perfectly and I don't think they could've been made better.The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was I felt that the service was a little lacking and by that I don't mean bad. I feel that our waiter could've been a little more attentive so hopefully next time we go that will change.We will definitely be going back and I would definitely recommend this to my friends & family. The cost for one prix fixe, seared scallops and 4 drinks was roughly $120 if that helps anybody.
5	Most people already know that Rosemary's has superb food, outstanding service, and is an absolute steal for their lunch prix fixe (especially with the coupons they frequently have online).I only have one more thing to add:  This time we grabbed an entree off of their daily specials menu--"Chilled Halibut Salad Stuffed Japanese Red Tomato with Sugar Snap Peas & Saffron Beurre Blanc."Thats a lot of words, but the most important ones are SAFFRON BEURRE BLANC.  Wow!  Forget everything else on the plate--this was clearly the star.  Multidimensional, dynamic, deep, and just perfect.  Drizzle this on some old, soiled newspapers and I'll still eat it.  Its that good.I'm depressed that I might not be able to have it again since it was a special.  But at least I had it once...
3	Our dinner at Rosemary's Restaurant was a huge disappointment.  I chose this restaurant based on yelp reviews and I really felt betrayed. My husband and I went here on Father's day.  Our server told us about the 1/2 price bottles of  wine - which immediately put us in a good mood. My husband got the tasting menu and I went with the Prix Fixe menu. L'amuse bouche was goat cheese mousse on fried wonton - which was rather unimpressive - but it didn't taste bad, it just tasted as described. Next came beef tartar for my husband and beef carpaccio for me. The salad that came with the beef carpaccio tasted like the Field of Greens salad at CPK - again, it tasted good but seemed unoriginal and umimpressive.  Additionally, I didn't see the point of having the beef in this beef carpaccio - blue cheese and the sweetness of the salad dressing completely overpowered whatever beef was doing in there. My husband didn't say much about the beef tartar - which leads me to believe it was forgettable.  Then came sweetbreads for me and the Hugo BBQ shrimp for my husband. As others have commented here previously, the shrimp dish was good. Nothing about it said "fine dining" but it was good. These were followed by striped bass for my husband and baramundi for me. This was the beginning of the downhill portion of the evening. The barramundi I ordered was way over-salted where I could see the grains of salt completely covering the skin of the fish and the sauce on which the cabbage slaw and the fish were sitting was also extremely salty.  I took a few bites, but it literally was inedible.  This was the final dish of my Prix Fixe meal but my husband still had the rack of lamb to go. The lamb was well cooked - only dish of our meal that had a pleasing presentation. After mere one bite, my husband said "this doesn't taste like it was tasted before it was brought out." He said that the lamb and the Bordelaise sauce was way too salty and simply inedible.  At this point of our meal, I was extremely sad.  I really felt betrayed by yelp and just sad that I didn't stick with one of the famous chefs' restaurants on the stip but instead came to this suppsed "hidden gem."  I was so upset and disappointed that I couldn't even look at the server. When she asked how we liked our main courses, we answered honestly and for consolation prize she gave us free coffee and a piece of cheesecake. Which to me was rather offensive - considering how they served inedible dishes and they thought it will all be OK with some unoriginal, uninspired cheesecake?  I felt that this restaurant should be classified as wannabe fine dining.  In addition to some of the food being inedible, there was serious lack of attention to detail which I couldn't overlook.  For example, flour-less chocolate cake had a piece of walnut shell on it - which my husband discovered when he took a bite of the cake.  When coffee was poured, our server filled the cup to the brim - was I at a diner? Did she think I was going to drink the cream straight out of the creamer? Portion of the kitchen is visible from the dining area.  While this concept is beautifully executed at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon, at Rosemary's, you are literally looking into a commercial kitchen. Not only is it loud from pots and pans banging, it just isn't pretty nor interesting to look.  Lastly, this may actually be a positive for some, but the portion sizes were obscene. This was simply one more example of the recurring fault in our dinning experience at this restaurant - I felt that there was a lack of unity or integration of various aspects of the meal, which for me resulted in the failure to enjoy the meal both as individual components and as a whole.This restaurant is not worth the trip if you are staying on the strip and we will never come back again.
5	People always ask me where they should go eat in Vegas and I always tell them to try Rosemary's. I was just back home for a night and this is the only place I HAD to go to...it is probably one of my most favorite restaurants in the world yet alone in Las Vegas. The servers are the best, the food is beyond amazing and for what you get for your money-it's actually a great value, don't get me wrong-it's not cheap but it's not super super expensive either-again-you get way more than you pay for. I have to say though-please-try to dress a little nice-even though it's in a strip mall it's still classy. Whatever you do-you have to try the cheese grits, and if they have them the stuffed, wrapped figs are beyond amazing.
4	Great place for a drink and amazing appetizers, this I learned after a handful of dining experiences. The fish entrees have been over cooked... and the meats not so special. Go there for the atmosphere, great service, fabulous wines and spirits, and order all the appetizers, you cannot go wrong!
4	Really an outstanding experience for me and my girls (mom and grandma)!!  We had great service from 2 waiters and we were in a more private room.  The amuse was a poached pear in a port wine reduction.  I had a glass of sauvignon blanc and mom opted for the merlot.  She and I did the prix fixe and my grandma, who cannot each much due to health issues, had only an entree.My mom had salmon tartare + wilted spinach salad + striped bass with crispy skinMy grandma had veal with green beansI got foie gras on vanilla bean brioche + salmon tartare + sea scallops with yukon potato puree and corn-mushroom sauceFOIE GRAS = HEAVENLY, salmon tartare had shaved hard boiled eggs, capers, chives, and caraway crackers.  This truly was excellent and the service was great (black napkins for black pants!)I would come back on a date for sure!!!
4	well this place was'nt our first choice we were going to go to a diners,dives and drivein place we saw but when we got there it was to smokey for us to even enjoy the food,next on the list was nora's .........closed on sundays.....ok had breakfast at the hash house it said they did diner so back to the hash house......closed on sunday nites......SO I CALLED ROSEMARYS TO MAKE SURE THEY WERE OPEN  ......YES.....YEA.....my kind of place pleasant staff, we sat in the bar 1/2 price bottles of wine .....score...split a few apps goat cheese stuffed figs wraped in pruchutto,carpachio w/maytag blu cheese,sweet corn soup which they split for us, did not ask and the striped sea bass which was a large piece of fish w/corn fritters and fingerling potatos and a lovely sauce.when we passed on desert the bartender/waiter brought us a nice little selection of sweets perfect w/my espresso
3	I always research the best places to eat prior to any trip - even if I've been to the place multiple times like Vegas. There are always new places to try and for me that is pretty exciting. I read all the rave reviews about Rosemary's on 10 Best, Trip Advisor, govegas.com, yelp, and the list goes on. Based on the fairly consistent reviews I was determined to add Rosemary's to my dining list while visiting over the 4th of July weekend. The bf and I had reservations, but the snooty hostess still made us take a seat and wait it out. Our server was extremely friendly and helpful with menu selections. However, she seemed to forget about us after our order was taken. The Service - Extremely slow. And our food took forever to come out. The Food - I ordered the Barbecue Texas Shrimp which was good but did not live up to all the rave reviews. The barbecue sauce seemed to be lacking something and the coleslaw was heavy on the blue cheese - it over powered the dish. My bf ordered the chicken dish which seemed to have a light pan-fried crust just over the top - delicious! The disappointment came when after waiting an excessive period of time for my $42 rack of lamb it came out rare when I specifically requested medium well. Off to the kitchen it went for another 25 minutes. In the meantime, there was no offer to compensate for their mistake. Shame on you Rosemary's. This is definitely not good customer service. The manager did not even come to our table to apologize. Guess they were too busy hob nobing with the other surrounding tables. When the same rack of lamb finally came out 25 minutes later it was totally overcooked and dry. For dessert, I ordered the seasonal berry cobbler. I love sweets but this was a disappointment. It could have been a bit less tart. I really wanted to give this establishment 5 stars, but the slow service, overcooked lamb, tart dessert and snooty hostess left a bad taste in my mouth. The manager could also attempt to be more accommodating and concerned about the level of service. I really wanted to give Rosemary's five stars.  However, this was just not a very good first experience.  Not sure I would return.
5	This was the best dining experience I had during this summer's 5 day Vegas trip.Though the restaurant is located aggravatingly far from the strip, it is well worth the visit.  I went with a party of three and used their online coupon to get the price fixed lunch for 23 dollars a head.  It was worth far more than every penny.I highly reccomend the shrimp appetizer, mahi mahi, and pecan tart dessert.  The shrimp was in a highly disciplined barbeque sauce and served up with cole slaw that complimented it perfectly.  The mahi mahi was out of this world and the pecan tart measured up to any I've had ever before.Go here.
5	Fantastic service! I love the fact that I could get the recipe on Rosemary's website and make the bbq shrimp at home. I felt like I was a king.
5	We just had to try Rosemary's after reading so much positive feedbacks about it.  I'm sure glad we did cuz we had one of the most amazing dining experience of a lifetime.  The location and type of restaurant is something my fiance and I would have missed easily since it's really far from the strip and in a not so popular shopping complex.  I had the twice baked parmesan souffle' for appetizer which is very light and creamy, the veal tenderloin for an entree, and the flourless chocolate cake for dessert.  They were all delicious! My fiance had one of the best RibEye steak in Vegas.  I highly recommend that one.  Overall, we are very pleased with the service and food choices at Rosemary's.  We will come back again! Everyone must try it..you won't be disappointed.
5	Awesome restaurant all around...
4	a friend of our's found this place on Yelp, saying it was the #2 rated restaurant so we had to give it a try since it was close to where we live. It's in a strip mall and I would never have expected a restaurant like this to exist here. The ambiance and decor is nice. They have a pri fix menu for $55 which includes 1 entree and 2 something else (appetizer, salad, or dessert). Our favorite appetizer was the bbq shrimp ( they told us it was a signature dish). The steak was the favorite for the entree and for dessert, the coconut bread pudding tasted exactly like a warm almond joy. YUMM, this place also gave out little extra desserts at the end ( mint chocololate, peanut butter balls, and lemon thing) That's a nice touch to end the meal. The service was impeccable, almost better than any on the strip restaurant. Great restaurant!
5	Finally went here for dinner and was blown away! A few notes:*Happy Hour at the Bar ends at 7 PM. This seems to be daily. They have some off the hook cocktails and great wines by the glass. All halff off. *Appetizers: Sweetbreads were awful. Like I'm almost tempted to give this place 4 stars awful. AVOID. Foie gras was really really great. Honestly some of the most well prepared, well balanced foie gras I've had in a long time. Can't recommend the foie at Rosemary's strongly enough. *Mains: The veal and the filet of beef were both incredible. The veal was so freaking tender. The veal here actually blew away the veal we had at Daniel Boulud's just 2 nights before. Strong, strong dishes!*Dessert: Had my carrot cake again, and we also had the special  - some kind of awesome bread pudding with banana ice cream. YUM. Service was stellar. Wine list was nice and eclectic, but seemed to really be lacking on the "low end". Options were incredibly limited under $100. Kind of disappointing for an off the strip place, but then again I know they have a half price wine night! My Dad and I have eaten at many of the high name restaurants on the strip, over the years but after dining here he said it was honestly one of the best meals he had ever had in Vegas. It is that good, people!
5	I look forward to coming here for my birthday every year.  This restaurant represents the best in service and quality.  You are treated as a special guest whether it's your first time here, or you've been here many times.  The food, especially the prix fixe menu, is served in a timely manner with a wonderful presentation.  In addition, if you are a Celiac (like me!) food can be specially prepared without gluten products for you to enjoy.  This place is simply the best :)
5	My wife and I wanted to get away for a short weekend to celebrate our 10 year anniversary, so like most So Cal residents Vegas was a sure bet.  Thanks to Yelp, we found this gem of a little restaurant for our celebration dinner.  Better yet, I was also able to purchase the $ 25 gift certificate for $ 2 at Restaurant.com using a coupon code.   The only requirement in using the certificate was to just spend $ 50.   At first, my wife was a little hesitant, especially seeing that the location was off the strip.  But I showed her all the glowing reviews from fellow Yelpers, and she thought it was worth a try.  We arrived and no kidding, this place is in the middle of a strip mall...not to much to look at from the outside.  Once inside, the surroundings were very nice and classy.  The service was prompt, we were seated in a nice little corner.  To our delight, we were congratulated by the staff at least 5 times within the first 10 minutes of sitting down....nice that the make it a point to acknowledge the special occasion. Looking through the menu I was first pleasantly surprised at some of the items...Foie Gras, Sweet Breads, Aussie Barramundi...they don't mess around.  We both opted for the Prix Fixe menu.  I had the Crab Boulet to start, while my wife had a nice spinach salad topped with hazelnuts, blue cheese, and pears.   Both were delicious, the boulet was crispy on the outside and soft and chewy inside...and had a nice bit of crab in it too...reminded me of a cross between a crab cake and a hush puppy.  Honestly, I was quite full by the time I finished the third boulet....I know they give you three of these puppies!As we waited for the entree to arrive, the chef sent over a nice tasting of something he was thinking of putting on the menu....vegetable bread pudding.  Sounds a little iffy, but not at all.  This would make a great side dish!  For the main course, my wife had the halibut, and I had the grilled cajun prime rib eye steak.  Both dishes were great! The fish was cooked perfectly, a nice crispy crust while still tender and moist on the inside.   My steak...at a loss for words..da bomb.!  Easily "The" best steak I've had anywhere, to top it off this thing was huge...20 0z, and was served with a side of some incredible cheese grits, and a nice wine sauce.   Needless to say after this, we were stuffed (I was only able to polish off 1/2 of the steak at best).  Now for desert, I had the apple tart served ala mode with a side of vanilla ice cream and my wife had the chocolate bread pudding served with banana ice cream and side of peanut butter sauce.   Both deserts were great, but they wouldn't stop sending food...the chef then sent us a tasting of hand made chocolates....were in a food coma by this point. Bottom line, this is a great place for any occasion. What made the restaurant stood out was not just the eclectic menu, but most of all its the service.  I saw numerous times where the wait staff nearly tripped over themselves trying to beat a guest to their table so that they could pull out the chair!  Yeah...there are those fancy and pricey restaurants on the strip, but for 1/2 the price you get the same high quality exquisitely prepared food with a staff that will put most restaurants to shame...nuff said.
4	Absolute delight. I was pleasantly surprised by the food they serve. From the outside, it is in a non-descript strip mall far removed from the lights and glitter of the Las Vegas Strip. It almost felt like going to a Hometown Buffet. But dont let the looks from the outside fool you.Inside, you are greeted by a warm atmosphere - an elegant bar to the right, and a large dining area, with a view of the kitchen.The food was delicious. Everyone there is professional. Excellent wine list.Highly recommended.
5	Sunday night, $30 cab ride from the strip and we arrive at a strip mall.  This had horrible written all over it.  As soon as you walk through the door everything changed, like when those kids walk through the wardrobe.  $55 three course and I had the foie, sweetbreads, and veal.  Amuse bouche for starters and all three dishes were perfect.  Finished with some cookies from the kitchen and they called us a cab for the trip back (another $30). Bonus for going on sunday nights, wine is 50% off.  The service was the best I have had in a long time.  This place is a must when in Las Vegas.  I might go to vegas just to eat at Rosemary's.
4	Yes, the food here is good, but the excellent service is what sets it apart. Take advantage of the prix fixe lunch special which is a great deal! I've only been here once, but I will probably make this place a must visit whenever I'm in town. Viva Las Vegas Baby! Yeah!
5	The all time BEST restaurant I have ever had the pleasure to eat at.Great service- I mean ridiculously good. The menu is forward thinking, fresh and deelish. YES- the cab ride OFF the strip is so worth it. I always include Rosemary's everytime I go to VEGAS. Do yourself a favor- and go. It's fab.
5	I've never been able to name a favorite restaurant, but Rosemary's might have changed that.  It's located in a random strip mall but the interior is classy, yet warm and comfortable enough to assure you that you're no longer amidst the gaudy extravagance of the Strip. The prix fixe meal is a steal, $55 for a 3-course dinner of your choice, when most a la carte entrees are already over $30.  By going prix-fixe you're getting way more food than you would be for the same prices elsewhere.Dinner started off with an amuse bouche and 2 fresh, soft dinner rolls.  I ordered the ham and crawfish risotto, sweet corn soup, and halibut lindquist.  The halibut was fantastic, I was already stuffed by the time I finished my soup but I forced down the entire dish just for the taste of it, and I still enjoyed it.  Other outstanding dishes that I stole several bites of: seared sea scallops, duck confit (daily special), and the ribeye steak.Service is so polite and attentive that the water level in my glass never fell below 2/3 at any point in the meal without getting filled again.If you're visiting Vegas and only have enough budgeted for one nice meal, skip the steakhouses and buffets and go to Rosemary's instead!
4	Have heard all the raves for a while now and finally had a trip in Vegas with a rental car so had to take advantage.. Ordered the prix fixe for $55 which saves you around $5-10 if you were to order each dish a la carte.First course - Salmon Tartare - this was excellent, I've had a lot of tartares and so often they seem either under or over seasoned, but this one stood out.... it was seasoned perfectly, the saffron sauce enhanced the dish, and the texture was just right.  Second Course - Parmesan Souffle - I love everything about the ingredients.. parm, mushrooms, garlic... but the overall result was a bit of a letdown.. the flavor of parmesan did not come through for me as much as the garlic cream sauce did. It also made the souffle a soggy mess to chew. I don't know if this dish was intended to be this way, but I wouldn't order it again. Third Course - Texas Striped Bass - served with adouille, shrimp, hush puppies, potatoes, meniere sauce... almost too much going on in this plate for me. However that's a very minor complaint.  The bass itself was awesome.. skin was crisped perfectly , fish cooked well throughout, and the sauce full of flavor.  The portion of fish was very generous too.Service and presentation were excellent.  Also got to love the beer pairings offered with each course, I don't drink much wine and wish more foodie centric restaurants would offer this option.If you're a light eater I'd recommend not choosing two apps like I did and substitute one for a dessert or soup.. I've got a good appetite but I felt like I had more food than I could handle.. Overall I definitely need to come back here since I saw many dishes on the menu I'd like to try.  Very good dining experience and $$ wise a great value for the type of restaurant it is.
2	I went to this restaurant BEFORE I read all the reviews... OK I have to say me and my friends probably-might-have ordered the wrong dishes. There were 8 of us girls and we all got the prix fixe, so make no mistake there were a lot of food.  We went though and through the menu, maybe next time, if I have the opportunity to come here again, I will have a better meal. I had the risotto, some special salad of the night, and the prime rib-eye... I have to say I am like the risotto appetizer, I think we were all impressed by the appetizer, and the overall service.  Oh and, the chef gave all of us a taste of this beef angel hair cold noodle appetizer, that was great. It all went down hill after the appetizer.  The sweet corn soup my friends had was way too sweet.  The salad was too sweet, the strong flavor of the smoked bacon didn't go well with the sweetness and the oil that soaks the salad.  The steak meat quality was excellent, but the BBQ + A1 sauce was not a compliment to the steak at all, the sauce made the steak unbearable and tasted cheap, the sauce itself brought the overall quality way down, not to mention the chef did not cut off all the very fatty unedible part of the meat. The desert was not very impressive, neither... The overall decor of the restaurant is cozy and comfortable with like typical American higher-end restaurant (this is suppose to be a French restaurant?), however few of my friends are skinnier and thought the chair were uncomfortable to sit on, so I don't think it's so acceptable.  The service was great!  They match your napkin with what you are wearing.  All girls wearing black dress got black napkin, I like that.  I don't think I will come back again, partly because I live in LA and there are so many other great restaurants in Vegas.
5	My boyfriend & I arrived in Vegas on a Sunday evening and we were both starving! So he told me to yelp up some place good to eat and Rosemary's was the first place that showed up on my phone. The place is off the strip. We walked in, and they greeted us and told us that if we wanted to dine inside the other room, we would have to wait about 45 minutes. We were both starving, so we didn't want to wait so they seated us at this table in the corner of the outside room. We later understand why they did that. Apparently this is a "fine-dining" meaning, everyone supposed to dress all semi-formal-ish. Yelp didn't tell us that, so we showed up in shorts and flip-flops. OOPS. But it's okay, we had the table with the comfy chairs :)Our waitress is super nice and was willing to assist us with our menu due to the fact that this was our first time. She recommended us to the prix-fixe meal. The prix-fixe meal is $55 3-course meal of your choice. When most entrees on the menu are over  $30, by going with the prix-fixe, you're getting more food for a much better price.Now, lets talk about their service. I've never been to a place with such excellent service as Rosemary's. Everyone is so polite and attentive to your needs. I'd have to give a 5 stars for their service!
3	Great prix fixe menu but I think the items I ordered were not the top ones...parmesan roasted garlic soup was superb.  tiramisu way too rummy.  and duck confit, rather dry and the skin was not that crispy.  i enjoyed my friend's rib-eye much more.  service was great.  i'd go back and order something else like their scallops (friend ordered it and it was wonderful).
5	We usually try to go somewhere off the strip at least once for dinner while in Vegas.  Based on Yelp reviews I chose this place.  We were NOT disappointed.  Read the reviews about the location and be aware..this is pretty far from the strip.....15 minutes off.  Worth it?  Yeah.  GREAT service bordering on too formal.  Very flavorful food and pretty large portions.  Best to go with the Prixe Fixe for best value.  Our food was great and everyone around us seemed happy with theirs.  Lots of celebrating anniversaries , too.  But I wouldn't consider it romantic.  Main dining area can get a bit loud.
4	Wanted to grab a tasty dinner in Vegas, but not pay $150+ for all the celeb restaurants on the strip. I saw Rosemary's on Yelp and Chowhound and decided to check it out. Thanks to Mike C for the heads up on the restaurant.com certificate which I also used. Food roundup:Appetizer of BBQ shrimp: Nice and plump perfectly seared shrimp with bbq sauce on top. It also comes with some creamy blue cheese coleslaw, very funkalicious. Whole dish kinda creamy and rich, could've used some citrus to brighten it up. Still tasty.Entrees of seared scallops and salmon: Both of these were cooked beautifully and tasty. Parsnip puree with scallops a bit lukewarm, but loved the fried thin parsnip garnish. Sauces also were nice with these dishes.Dessert of bread pudding: I don't remember exactly what it consisted of, but it was warm and tasty with some nice ice cream.Lowdown: Great random place (strip mall) for some well-executed, straightforward, delicious food. Nothing is going to be out there, completely new, or innovative...just tasty. There's a lot of restaurants at this price level who try to do the same type of thing, but fail, Rosemary's does it right. Also, they have awesome service: asking for any food allergies, folding your napkin when you go to the restroom, just anticipating your every need and exceeding expectations. I see why locals and tourist alike come here, you're treated like royalty. I was taken a bit aback, but it's their thing. If you've got a car, nice place to go. They do a 3 course (any combo of app and/or entree and/or dessert) for $55 for dinner.
5	Just got back from an excellent meal at Rosemary's. Prix Fixe, with wilted spinach, goat cheese, and pecans, a veal entree, and chocolate bread pudding with peanut butter sauce and banana ice cream for dessert. Every bottle of wine on the menu was half off, as they are every Sunday, and all of a sudden bottles that I could never look twice at were a bargain.The exterior of Rosemary's is, well, a strip mall, but walking inside feels like opening a present wrapped in brown paper. Sure, it's boring on the outside, but who remembers the paper anyway?The service was just shy of overly attentive. Every few sips of wine our glasses were refilled. The timing of all of our courses kept us from waiting too long, while not feeling rushed at the same time.Our waitress was both professional and casual, making great suggestions, keeping up friendly banter, and ensuring that every one of our courses was to our liking.If I ever find myself in Vegas again I'd love to taste more of their menu. I'd also like to sit in the main dinning room facing the open kitchen. Thanks to Rosemary's for leaving a good taste in my mouth on my last night in Las Vegas.
5	On a recent pre-conference night my wife and I convinced four colleagues to join us for an off-the-Strip dining adventure at Rosemary's. What a night!We all went for the $55 prix fixe - what a deal! Each of us ordered something different, and we sampled and shared our dishes. Collective voting placed the prosciutto-wrapped figs and goat cheese and the shrimp with blue cheese slaw in a tie for best appetizer. Entrees were not voted on, as everyone felt that their individual choice was the best (three veal tenderloins, and one each salmon, rib eye and striped bass).  My wife saved one of her three course choices for dessert, and she ordered the lemon ice box cake and graciously requested six forks!The excellent wine list was a bit pricey but we found a very good Pinot Noir at the low end of the list. They also have an "Under $50" list which doesn't show up on the web site.  On our next visit to Vegas, I would go on a Sunday night (half-price wine) to explore some of the pricier bottles. All in all it was a fabulous meal, with service to match. (Thank you, Tony!) Every dish was meticulously seasoned and plated - and tasted as good as it looked.  When I got back to Chicago I ordered three copies of their cookbook as Christmas gifts. I'm now telling all my friends that Rosemary's should be your #1 Las Vegas dining destination.
4	After 24 hours on the Strip, you need to get away. A 15-minute drive out to an anonymous, deserted strip mall on W. Sahara you'll find Rosemary's, whose food can compete bite-for-bite w/ the Michelin 1- and 2-star restaurants at the resorts. We deferred to the prix fixe menus and were not disappointed!
5	One of my all-time favorites.  Even with all of the fine dining on and near the Strip, Rosemary's is worth the 20 minute cab ride if you are looking for a truly special evening.
5	If I smoked, I'd have walked out of Rosemary's and just started chain smoking a pack. It was THAT good. Okay, not just good but... GREAT!As previously stated, it's located in a strip mall which makes you think that the restaurant that everyone speaks so highly of may not be what you are expecting. *buzzer* WRONG! You walk into Rosemary's and the idea you had of entering a nail salon is quickly diminished. You walk in and are immediately taken to a beautiful restaurant that looks as if it is in a high-end casino and hotel. The wait staff is eager to serve you and is ready to make sure that your entire experience is a positive one.Our server, Theresa, was awesome. She went over the menu with us and explained that we could choose most anything and make it a 3-course Prix Fixe meal. While looking at the menu, hubby and I choose some appetizers. I opted for the Twice Baked Parmesan Souffle which is a regular souffle which has replaced sugar with Parmesan cheese.  Hubby chose their BBQ Shrimp. Both were mouthwatering and fantastic. You wanted to just order more of it and make it a meal. This was only after the chef gifted you with his special creation of the night. I can't remember what we were given but, just like the appetizers, you wanted more.As my main course, I chose the filet of beef. Hubby opted for the veal. While both were amazing, the filet just blew us both out of the water. When we go back, and we WILL be going back, we have both decided to have the filet. It came with asparagus and some extremely tasty potato fritters. I could not finish my meal but I could have continued eating until I made myself sick and it would have been worth every moan. My food was so good that I took it with me in hopes of getting hungry later so I could finish it. Alas, it never happened, but the thought of it was enticing.Upon completion of our meal, Theresa asked how everything was and I couldn't even vocalize just how good everything was. She quipped, "We have to try extra hard to please. I mean, we are next to a dollar store." Which is so true. It took about 15-20 minutes to get to Rosemary's since it is off the strip. To stress just how good it is, I would be willing to look at local bus schedules to get my butt there if I was without my car and the taxi drive would prove to break the bank.So if the other reviews haven't convinced you to get out to Rosemary's the next time you're in Vegas, I hope mine has. It really is not to be missed.
5	Get off the strip!  Never did a strip mall have so much appeal!  I have to say that this ugly duckling of a restaurant was one of the greatest dining experiences I've ever had.  I'm usually not a fan of prix fixe menus because they always find a way for you to have at least one course where all of the selections are equally as unappealing.  Their menu is perfect.  There are great options for each course.  I've had the pleasure of eating here three times, expecting it to get worse or for reality to set in.  Well, it has, and the place is outstanding.
3	Only in Las Vegas can a fine dining restaurant the caliber of Rosemary's exist in the same strip mall as a restaurant called the "Krazy Buffet". But once you get into Rosemary's, you realize that it's the real deal. The ambiance of the room is pleasant, basically what you'd expect from a neighborhood fine dining restaurant. Even with the open kitchen, the room was moderately lit and fairly quiet, with a clientele of mainly couples in their fifties. The bar up front is small but perfect for couples waiting for other guests to join them, with a friendly bartender and probably the best selection of Belgium beers I've seen in the city.The food we had was excellent, particularly the specials they had for the evening. My rib eye steak was delicious, though particularly fatty even for a rib eye. The other guests at our table really enjoyed their food as well, and we wanted to really like Rosemary's. Unfortunately the service was such that I doubt we'll be going back any time soon.To be fair, it all came down to our particular server, who was surly, humorless and did everything he could to make us feel uncomfortable short of being overtly rude. The service systems they have in place are excellent (all the food is brought to the table at once, offering napkins to match clothing etc.), but when your server frowns, doesn't tell you the wine selections being brought to your table and generally does everything with a sneer, by the end of the meal what should have been a great experience becomes tainted to say the least.It's a shame really, because a great fine dining restaurant off the strip is something we have been looking for. And Rosemary's could have been that place we would go back to again and again. But with so many choices in Las Vegas, we'll probably just keep on looking.
5	They're a bit off the strip, but not a far cab ride away.Haven't been back to Vegas recently, but still remember that this place is amazing. The service is blow-your-mind adorable. The wait staff is incredible and they're such sweethearts. Eventhough I found their lamb very "lamb-ie" (which "if it tastes that way, then the chef wanted it that way," ), I was still so impressed with everything else that it didn't even matter. Rosemary's is one of my FAVORITE restaurants ever.
4	Good food, casual atmosphere, off the strip, which can be nice.
5	Yummmmmm!
5	The $25 prix fixe lunch was a steal!  The food was delish and the service was impeccable!  It was by far the best service either of us have had in our lives!  The staff is very accommodating about food allergies and prepared our salad w/o crawfish.  The portions are very generous.  Here was what we ate (sans the adjectives on the menu):  Appetizers - turkey gumbo/frisee salad (no crawfish)Entree - duck confit/monte cristo sandwichDessert - trio of choc (heaven!!)/pineapple upside cakeThis place is worth a visit!  It is sort of far from the strip but worth the drive!
4	Great choice for elegant dining off the Strip.  I'd describe the menu as new American with a Southern influence as the menu featured items such as shrimp and grits, hoppin' John, and hush puppies.  If you want hot sauce, they only have Crystal's (no Tabasco).I really enjoyed my dish, and their foie gras was outstanding.  The service was excellent, and the atmosphere was relaxed and elegant.
5	Absolutely fricken amazing!!!!! You wouldn't thought that a place this this good would be here next a dollar store.  A friend of ours recommended this place and said that if we werent happy with it he would pay for our meal - We are buying him a nice bottle of wine.  We made reservations online and everything went without a hitch.  We had the 5 course meal with the wine pairing and it was worth every penny of it.  It included  lamb, beef, scallops, cucumber salad and desert plate with three kinds of desert on it. I had jokingly asked the waiter for the recipe for the lamb sauce that they made and the manager brought me a copy of it.  The service was incredible. Our waitress was very knowledgeable and friendly and very professional.   From the time  we sat down to the time we left it was an incredible experience.  The food was exceptional - cooked perfect and paired very well with the wine.  We will definitely go back again next time.
5	I was here for a birthday dinner. I think there was 10 of us.  It was amazing.  We pull up to the store front in a strip mall.  What a surprise The food is about as good as it gets.  I've been to of the top rated restaurants, and this was pleasant. The service was stellar.  No pretence.  You have to experience Rosemary's.
5	Been there twice, with 3 years in between, it just gets better, absurdly good food, at great prices.  The drinks are so so, but the service and food are just fantastic.  It is OFF THE STRIP, and I mean OFF.  This is not walking distance or anything from say, Mandalay Bay, but it IS 100% worth your time.
4	We've had Rosemary's on our list for quite a while now since we heard about it from several reliable sources as a favorite locals spot for French American fare.  Food (In order of appearance): -Vegetable Cake - A little croquette-like gift from the chef to start off the meal. Nice touch.-Hugo's Texas BBQ Shrimp w/Blue Cheese Slaw - Figured I had to try this since everyone raves about it, but not sure I would order it again.  The BBQ sauce was amazing, but everything else was just average. -Arugula salad with cranberry vinaigrette, blue cheese sauce, chantarelle mushrooms, and duck breast - There was too much going on here for my tastes. The vinaigrette was good, but too sweet.  Blue cheese sauce was too thick. Mushrooms were delicious but seemed a little out of place.  Duck breast was tender and yummy.  Not sure how all of these elements work together though. -Creole Grilled Prime Ribeye - The house made steak sauce really made this dish. It was sweet, smokey, and made the perfectly cooked medium rare ribeye taste great.-Flourless chocolate cake with peanut butter sauce and banana ice cream - Great combo. I thought the chocolate cake was going to be warm, but it wasn't. Still rich, sweet and delicious. I could have used more peanut butter sauce. -Dessert sampler - On the house. Peanut butter rice krispy bite (my favorite), lemon bar, flourless chocolate cake. Ambiance: Cozy, intimate, inviting. It is pretty much one big room with tables and chairs.  It would have been nice to have more privacy.  Service: Stellar. Attentive, efficient, friendly, knowledgeable. Couldn't ask for more.Restaurant.com gift card: We bought a $25 gift card from Restaurants.com for $10.  Restrictions - one coupon only, must spend $50 on food, excludes alcohol.  We ended up saving $15 on a $100 meal, not bad. :)
3	I heard this was the best French restaurant off the strip so I figured since I had a car I would give it a try. First piece of advice, this is not a French restaurant, it is more of a creole inspired Emeril Lagasse restaurant.We were late for out reservations but they were very kind to seat us promptly and we informed them that we had to leave within two hours to make a show. They were very receptive to this. Out waitstaff was amazing and friendly and I cannot say enough good things about them. Unfortunately the food was not so good.The two of us ordered the 3 course menu for $55- which seems like a good deal.We ordered:-BBQ shrimp which was delicious although the highlite of the dish was not the shrimp but instead the cole-slaw with blue cheese underneath.-Panko crusted scallop special served over grits. The scallops were fresh and tasty but ruined by the soggy panko mush on top and the bitter tasteless grits underneath.- Caesar salad. Worst caesar salad I have ever had! The romaine was wilted and soft, the dressing was tasteless. I actually had to eat the anchovies whole to make the salad taste like anything.- Lamb chops. Highlite of the meal. These were perfectly cooked and delicious but the mashed potato with olives  underneath were an awful combination. One bite was all I needed to make my decision on those.- Sea Bass special. The fish was fresh and tasty but the potatoes and andouille underneath was cold and mushy as if the sous chefs could not get their timing right to plate it. I would have sent it back if I wasn't in a rush to make a show.- Flourless chocolate cake. This was delicious but I have never eaten something chocolate that I didn't like.All in all I won't go out of my way to eat here again. I will stay on the strip where the prices are higher but so is the competition thus the food is more consistently good.
4	It was my first time to Rosemary's and we both selected the $55 prix fixe menus that would enable us to try as many dishes as possible.  The menu allows you to select 1 entree and 2 other courses -- your choice of appetizers or dessert, mix and match as you please. He started with the Hugo's Texas BBQ Shrimp, Sweetbreads, Cajun Ribeye Steak.  I chose the Wilted Spinach salad, Filet, and then the Coconut Bread Pudding dessert.  AMUSE BUCHE:  Whitefish salad on fried wonton chip, goat cheese mousse, roasted onion vinaigrette.  I really liked this - didn't taste the goat cheese but loved the onion dressing.  BBQ SHRIMP: the shrimp were well cooked but he felt that the bbq sauce lacked some acidity or sweetness.  I actually enjoyed the slaw with the blue cheese but he wasn't a huge fan of the dish overall. WILTED SPINACH:  This was a mound of dressed spinach leaves, with little dabs of goat cheese and pecans around it, caramelized spears of onion, and a round of fried goat cheese.  Loved the onion, wished the pecans were broken up instead of halves and thought there was too much goat cheese but liked the fried disc. SWEETBREADS:  This was well fried and well cooked.  Beware, this is a huge portion, at least fist sized!  It came with Israeli couscous, and brunoised carrot, which I actually thought was the best part of the dish. CAJUN RIBEYE:  Not sure what made this Cajun, but it wasn't as tender as we hoped and fatty.  It was served over a pile of cheesy grits. FILET OF BEEF:  Cooked as I requested, came with three little potato croquettes, which are like fancy tater tots, and 3 spears of asparagus.  This was fine but unmemorable and I was so stuffed from all the apps so really we both took the majority of our entrees home as leftovers.COCONUT BREAD PUDDING: Tom our server recommended that we take bites of both the coconut icecream and the bread pudding in the same bite to fully enjoy the dish.  The bread pudding itself is really unexpected.  It's less of a bread pudding and more of a Vietnamese coconut pudding (no bread).  It's a gelatinous coconutty pudding haphazardly decorated with huge globs of chocolate sauce, sweetened shredded coconut, and nuts -- maybe almonds?  More desserts!  The restaurant also brought out brownie bites, tiny lemon squares and peanut butter buckeyes.  All were great but we were so full that we just snuck a bit of each.  SERVICE: Excellent.  5/5.  The team of servers was well run, promptly refilled water and drinks, took away empty plates, brought new silverware.  Our actual waiter was slightly on the formal side but I guess I can't complain about that.  The food is definitely solid but nothing so memorable that I'd make it a Vegas staple.  It also gives me the impression it's a suburban place trying to be fancy by throwing in blue cheese or goat cheese wherever it can.
5	5 star service and consistently great food...a foodies place to go.
5	This place is a jewel in the desert this was our second trip to las vegas and our concierge suggested Rosemarys restaurant . I just have one word for this restaurant excellent the food presentation was amazing and once you taste the food the gates of heaven open. If you are a foody like me you must go and if you have never been to fine dinning you must go.The wine list was as impressive as the food. The service was majestic our server was very knowledgeable and gracious besides he looked exactly like dean Martin no kidding . This place knows how to take care of biz . We will be going back.
5	This is the best-run restaurant my husband and I have ever been to in our lives together and separate. The service is impeccable even before our arrival and continued after we left:-they called to confirm our reservation (nothing special, but i'm just getting started here).-took our coats when we came in the door.- pulled out BOTH our chairs at the same time. - refolded our napkins immediately after one got up to go to the restroom.- a server was going the opposite way as my husband on his way back to his seat from the restroom, server stepped aside, let him pass and turned around and followed him to his seat so that he could pull out his chair!-the for both of us not only arrived at the same time, but was always LAYED DOWN ON THE TABLE AT THE SAME TIME! and we observed larger parties around us and it's the same no matter how many people (so 3 people would bring out the food for a party of 6 so all 6 plates would touch the table at the same time)-server was knowledgeable, friendly and professional. -we tried to buy a book, but they didn't have any, so they shipped it to us for free (free shipping not free book) and had Michael sign it for us. -They called a week after our meal to get feedback and to tell us that our book was on its way--no wonder everything is perfect! It's obvious that they care very much about improving, even though I'd say there's no more room for improvement. Food was great, but it didn't blow my socks off like I thought it would, it's probably because I hyped it up too much in my head; it's not as innovative as I thought it would be, though everything is very well executed. The dessert was underwhelming. We each had a $55 prix fixe menu, it was ladies night, so my food was half off, but still we managed to end up paying $200 after tax & tip & book. I'm uploading photos of:appetizer: crabcakes (I thought pretty good, DH loved)veal sweetbread (I didn't like, DH liked very much). main course: veal (we both loved) lamb chop (I liked the rare parts very much, he liked all of it very much)desert:chocolate cake (I liked, DH liked)apple tarte (DH liked, I didn't try).
5	I have been to Rosemary's for Lunch (now only on Fridays) & Dinner multiple times in the last four years.  They always provide great food, service & value.  I like that they provide wine & beer pairings with each course.  Nice bar/lounge area where you can get a "small plates" menu or anything off the regular menu.  I recommend the BBQ shrimp & salmon tartar apps.  They also have great seasonal soups.  For entrees I like the scallops, crispy skin bass & the steaks.  Sunday nights they have half off bottles of wine.  They also have many beer & wine dinners during the year.
4	This place is a great choice off the strip for some solid food! It's diamond in the rough. I would definitely come here again. Take my word you won't be disappointed. The seafood here is cooked right, and the flavors are not overwhelming. All you need is a glass of wine and you're all set.
2	Celebrated my last birthday here with my husband. After years of praises I was stoked to finally try it for myself. Sadly, we had a very flawed experience. Everything from service to the meal itself was a letdown. Scallops were gritty and dry. Lamb was chewy and fatty. The best dish was black bean soup. We might have caught them on an off night, but it was such a disappointment I don't want to give them another chance.
4	Just about the smartest thing Jamie W. and I did on our trip to Vegas this past weekend was rent a car. Last time, we were stuck on the Strip with either extravagantly expensive restaurants trademarked by brand name chefs or the $6.99 Prime Rib special. Nothing in between...nothing. Driving eight miles west of the Strip on Sahara Drive, you can find a stylish, low-key bistro in the middle of a strip mall. Yes, a strip mall. It's called Rosemary's, and there wasn't a sign of an obnoxious out-of-town gambler in the entire place. So here's the deal - $55 for a three-course prix fixe dinner, and you don't have to get two desserts. Instead, we went with three appetizers, two entrees and shared one dessert. Bonus points to Rosemary's for allowing such flexibility for the more peckish diners. It ended up being a whole lotta food, and most of it really good. We automatically got two big rolls on our bread plates, a Glazed White Chocolate Pecan and a Potato (see photo). Freshly baked and very tasty. We tried to save one for the dinner itself, but it was hard. Then we were given an amuse-bouche, a little square of Vegetable Bread Pudding with Shaved Chives that was a homey, heavenly pop in the mouth. The appetizers turned out to be a bit more hit-and-miss. The Twice Baked Parmesan Souffle with Garlic Cream Sauce and Saute of Wild Mushrooms (see photo) was impeccably presented but could have used more kick and texture to offset the excessive creaminess. The prawns in Hugo's Texas BBQ Shrimp were really succulent covered with the thick barbecue sauce, an unusual mix that mostly worked, but the Maytag Blue Cheese Slaw was just a little too mayo-like to fully enjoy (see photo). I think a vinaigrette would have worked better. The winners among the appetizers had to be the Panko Crusted Crab Boulettes with Emulsified Ravigote Sauce and Grandma's Sweet & Sour Cucumbers (see photo) where the crunchiness of the boulette's outer crust went very well with the relish-like sauce. There was nothing wrong with the Arugula, Endive & Radicchio Salad (see photo) except for the fact that it was completely overshadowed by the showy appetizers. Our luck significantly improved with the two entrees - the Creole Grilled Prime Ribeye with Anson Mills Carolina Quick Grits, Crystal Red Onion Crust and Rosemary's Own Steak Sauce, and the Grilled Veal Tenderloin with Saute of Asparagus, Prosciutto & Maitake Mushrooms and Roasted Garlic Reduction Sauce (see photos). Both were excellent - especially the way the meat was prepared, very tender and flavorful. Jamie and I were pretty full by this time (...we already had a to-go box ready for the leftover meat), but we couldn't leave without trying their Pecan Tart with Brown Sugar Ice Cream. If that wasn't enough, they left us a little plate of little cookies with the check (see photos). As good and abundant as the food was, it was really the attentive service that was most memorable about the meal. There seemed to be a trio of guys who were making sure we were served at exactly the right time and refilling our water glasses before they were empty. I kept imagining how much this experience would have cost if the place was in the Bellagio or the Wynn. So is it the Strip or a strip mall for you? Let your palate and pocketbook decide. FOOD - 4 stars...some dishes soared, a few flailed a bit in execution, but the meat was very well prepared AMBIANCE - 4 stars...quiet, dim lights in the main dining room...the typical romantic spot SERVICE - 5 stars...truly stellar TOTAL - 4 stars...a very solid four stars overall for Rosemary's
5	My boyfriend and I took the 204 bus there, taking under 30 minutes in the early evening of a Sunday. This destination was where we planned our one splurge meal for our four-day stay in Sin City. We didn't have a reservation since we weren't sure when we'd decide to head over (about 7 miles west of Sahara), but there wasn't a problem getting our table for two at 5:45 PM. (It did get pretty bumpin' around 6:30 PM, though.)There are three styles of dining at Rosemary's:1) A la carte, which is what we are used to doing at fancy restaurants.2) Prix fixe, which was the most flexible option for a set price of $55: any entree and two other courses from the menu (except for the foie gras, which you'd just add $15 to get, and the appetizer sampler, which can only be ordered a la carte).3) Tasting menu, ranging from $80 to $125 for five courses and whether you want wine or beer pairings (or neither) with each course.We went with the prix fixe option, and I don't regret our choice:1 amuse bouche: vegetable bread pudding-- I'm a huge fan of bread pudding, so this savory take was a fresh look at a familiar texture. Add some sharp bits of caramelized onions on top, and the picture is complete.2 fresh rolls: potato and white chocolate pecan-- Fresh bread is irresistible in my book, and both of these were delectable. The white chocolate pecan sticks out in my memory since it was little dessert preview before our meal formally started. Yum!3 appetizers: Hugo's Texas BBQ shrimp, pan-fried milk-fed veal sweetbreads, and twice-baked Parmesan souffle-- My favorite out of the three was the twice-baked Parmesan souffle. Normally, you'd think of souffles as a sweet, takes at least 30 minutes after ordering to bake and arrive at your table sort of dish. But Rosemary's disrupts both of these norms. The garlic cream sauce and wild mushrooms couldn't have complemented the fluffy, savory souffle any better. (It also helps that I am a fan of both garlic and mushrooms.)-- The shrimp was quite good, but I was drawn more towards the coleslaw (actually a cheeseslaw). It strayed away from the normal sour taste of coleslaw and made me enjoy blue cheese, which I usually don't.-- The sweetbreads were fun to eat just because we don't get to very often.2 entrees: roasted rack of lamb and Creole-grilled prime ribeye-- Jon A. ordered the lamb rare, and, boy, did they deliver. They cooked the entire rack first and then sliced it, so each piece was quite obviously pink. I'm not sure how I felt about there being Kalamata olives in the mashed potatoes, but overall, this dish was satisfying.-- The ribeye was huge, especially after everything we'd already devoured thus far. The steak was cooked to a perfect medium-rare, and I couldn't get enough of the creamy grits. My absolute favorite flavor of the evening came from the fried onions on top of the steak: Rosemary's used red onions rather than the traditional white, and the batter coating the onions was seasoned with a beautiful combination of herbs and spices. Why can't all fried onions be made this way?1 dessert: goat cheese cheesecake-- A modest helping of dessert after a marathon of a meal, the goat cheese cheesecake didn't hide its origins (i.e., you can definitely taste the goat cheese if you are paying attention). A generous dollop of freshly whipped cream sat on top, and underneath was a decorative spread of Scotch caramel sauce. An excellent finale to the meal.3 mignardise:-- Just when we thought it was over, our waiter presented us with bonus desserts: peanut butter buckeyes, lemon squares, and brownie bites. My favorite of the three were the peanut butter buckeyes: they were coated in something extremely crispy, which balanced out the soft peanut butter texture.----Sunday nights is when Rosemary's offers up many of their bottles of wine (including half bottles) at 50% off. We asked our waiter for a recommendation to go with what we ordered (above), and we ended up trying a $74 bottle for $37. A super Tuscan, the Terre del Marchesato "Emilio Primo" (vintage 2005) went pretty well with every course. Unlike other reds I've had, it didn't overpower the taste of the food but did a great job clearing the palate between each bite.The service was unbeatable: they paid attention to every detail, down to pulling your chairs out at the same time when you are initially seated.The verdict: Wow, what a wonderful surprise this off-strip restaurant was! Food + service + ambiance were all stellar. I wish there were something like it closer to home. It was definitely worth the trek off the Strip.Extra hints:* Book a reservation on OpenTable if you like to accumulate points: http://www.opentable.com/rest_profile.aspx?rid=6553* Plan ahead and buy two $50 gift cards for $80 if you want to save $10 per meal: http://www.costco.com/Browse/Product.aspx?Prodid=11126571&whse=BC&topnav=&bro* Check their current promos: http://www.rosemarysrestaurant.com/promotions.htm
4	Food was very good... great flavors and a wonderful experience. The one knock I have on Rosemary's is the price! the Wine's are WAYYYY overpriced as are some of the entrees. for 2 of us, with 1 bottle of the least expensive Chardonnay, was $173- its just crazy. we will probably go back, but maybe just order like 3 or so appetizers, there portions are big enough for that to be a meal in itself, and we loved the flavors... :) Hope this helps.
5	One of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in- anywhere in the world.  All of the food is excellent and the service is unmatched.  We eat here every time we go to Vegas.  You're going to drop some cash here but it's worth it.
5	Fantastic, been multiple times and you can't beat this place anywhere on the strip.  Incredible service, great food and great prices for a meal of this caliber.  I have recommended this place to over 10 people and all of them have come back saying it was amazing.  The lunch on fridays is good too and for 25 bucks or so its a smoking deal.  Go there next time you want a nice upscale meal and don't want to break the bank.  Also don't judge a book by it's cover, it is in a strip mall and looks unremarkable from the outside but is elegant, tasteful, and understated inside.  It by no means has the flare of strip restaurants but it makes up with that with service, value, and food.    Oh ya, get the prie fix
5	One of the top restaurants in Las Vegas, on or off strip.  Fine service in the tradition of great restaurants, wonderful food, great value, particularly the 3 course price fixe.  Food is exceptional, and have always had great service and wonderful food.  Veal with lentils, veal chop, bbq shrimp, wilted spinach salad with goat cheese and balsamic shallots, sweet corn soup, salmon tartare, all great choices among others.  A true gem.  Highly recommended.
4	This place is pricey, but it's worth it if you're willing to pay the extra money. We spent around $150 for 2 people. I was looking up nice restaurants off of the strip to take my husband for his birthday. The service is great, and there is a lot of variety on the menu compared to restaurants in the same category. I had a stuffed pork chop that was a special for that evening. My husband had a filet. We shared the Texas BBQ shrimp, which was amazing! I definitely recommend that for your appetizer. The alcohol selection was quite good as well. I had a German riesling that was very nice and crisp. The atmosphere is nice and dim, so it's good for a nice date or a celebration. You can dress more casual, but most people were in business casual on a Monday evening. Definitely recommend Rosemary's.
5	I can't believe I didn't write a review before! My sister and I L.O.V.E this restaurant. Every time we're in town (we live in LA) this is a must for us ... we used to come at least once for lunch and once for dinner - however they stopped serving lunch except for Fridays :( It's a bit off the strip but so well worth it ... everyone MUST eat here!!! I swear, I died and went to heaven!! Don't let the strip mall fool ya, this is by far my FAVE restaurant EVER!! We always do either the pre fix menu or the tasting ($55 per person). Love that Wednesdays is "ladies night" and ladies get 1/2 off! Oh, and if you sit at the bar, they have a different tapas menu which is aaaaaaamazing!! The food is superb, the staff is top notch (we love that one of the waiters always remembers us! haha makes us feel like we're at home!). If you've read my reviews, you know I eat ... a lot!! hahah So my sis and I both did the prefix .. we split our 1st dish - she ordered the beef carpaccio (to die for ... we've been to France and this is served slightly different with blue cheese, apples and candied walnuts) and I ordered the twice baked souffle (our first time ordering this and it was delish! wild mushrooms with a beautiful parmesan souffle - so light and fluffy). She ordered the special appetizer beef tartar (we split it as our 2nd course) ... ohhhhhh myyyyyyy goshhhhhh, I know some people get creeped out with raw beef, but if you enjoy it and it's on the menu for the night - you have to try it ... you won't be disappointed ... i think it became my fave appetizer from here!! For our entree, she had the lamb (cooked perfectly, so tasty and love the sauce) - I had the special salmon that had a bit of a citrus-y glaze to it, over a bed of apple slaw. I ordered the special dessert - blackberry cobbler that we split, unfortunately this was the least favorite thing I've had here ... I like my cobblers to have a thick crumbly biscuit/topping and this just had little chunks of dough mixed in and the blackberries were a bit overpowering for this dish since the seeds get quite chewy. So, since we didn't want to end a fabulous meal with an average dessert, we ordered another one to split! :) Our fave dessert is the ice box cooler but they didn't have it that night so we had the trio of sorbets - they have the best sorbets and ice creams!! I have never been disappointed with this place and highly recommend it!! This makes me want to change any other place I've rated a 5 to a 4! It's as good as it gets, fine dining, great ambiance and a very reasonable price. If I lived in Vegas, I'd go every Wednesday for ladies night 1/2 off!!
4	I dined here with a group of friends for our dinner club and enjoyed the experience.  The home cooking was delicious.  I had the house salad and grilled pork chops.  The salad was very fresh and the pork chopped was cooked medium which the waitress recommended.  I also sampled my friends arugula, endive & radicchio salad which looked like coleslaw and the combination blue cheese, pears, and hazelnuts went well together.   My portion of the bill was about $60 for appetizers, salad, pork chops.  The service was excellent and thought that it was a hidden local mom and pop gem.
5	Ive eaten here many times. It's everything everyone has said before:Weird location Delectable foodGood serviceReasonably price pre-fix /$55Now go try it :)PS: It is a text book case study of everything I was taught in culinary school.
5	All I can say is WOW!! My wife and I went there on New Year's Eve and the service and food was incredible!! We will definitely be returning. I think it wa preobably the best steak I have ever had. WOW!!!
5	Had a wonderful experience...(despite the pricey cab ride getting there...going back was not bad though).  Had 5:30pm Resv. but found the place already buzzing due to 50% ladies night. Didn't even know.....50% off? Yes! extra money for the vino.  Celebrated my  wife's bday and it was worth every cent.  The apptz. were carpaccio & sweet breads- Unbelievable!.  So delicious were these choices, we actually added the foie gras - smile~tear drop!Shared Wilted Lettuce Salad- very nice refresher b/f entree.Entree was lamb for me. Terrific as everyone else has pointed out so I won't, but my wife's Butterfish in prosciutto / panko bread crumbs was "outta this world" superb. It was the best seafood dish I have ever tasted!!Wine and more wine....then nice desert to celebrate the bday which they did a great job picking this up off my 'comments' when making the reservation on line at Open Table.comHats off to our dynamic duo Servers - Matt & Tony (please forgive if i miss one of your names....it's your fault for bringing me the wine!).  They took exceptional care of us the whole night.  The thing that impressed me the most is they actually came back to ensure I meant to add more to the Tip.  I'll try to explain:Even though he explained when he brought me the check, *burp* I didn't quite grasp *burp* that he had already added the gratuity based on my wife's half price entree @ full price, then discounted the tkt.I added tip as usual....one, because I felt it was worth it & 2...the vino.  He made sure to alert me to this and offered for me to scratch out.  Instead I initialed the additional tip.  You don't typically find such honesty, unfortunately.  This was just outstanding character and a reflection of the Associates of Rosemary's.This is a special kind of place that you don't really want to keep a running total in your head of what is being spent....the pre-fix is the way to go, enjoy, splurge....skip another fancy meal some time later.  Trust me.This is a cozy place and all was great until towards the end when a table of 6 young "hotties" were seated next to us.  Personally, I am all for well dress ladies in strappy jimmy choos.....But, they lacked the proper Restaurant ettiquette by not keeping their conversation centered at their own table.  I really didn't care they were going to rent out  a villa on the strip.."oh my gawd".  Sorry for my little tangent......
4	great food,  wonderful wine list,  decor is OK, but the service and food outweighs the decor.
5	Probably one of the best places to eat in Vegas if you don't want to go to an overpriced Strip restaurant.  Rosemary's is located in a strip mall in Summerlin and from the outside it doesn't look like much.  Inside is simple as well with a the bar located in the very front and the main dining room behind it.I've probably been here 5 times and have always enjoyed myself.  The service is excellent and the food is even better.  I usually get the Prix-Fixe dinner.  I've tried the pork chop, veal tenderloin and the striped bass.  All very good.  A decent wine list as well rounds out the experience.Costco sells gift certificates for Rosemary's at $80 for $100.  Not always available at the Costco's in Vegas so order online before you go.
5	I went to Rosemary's recently with several friends on a bachelor party trip to Vegas.  The short of it is that I would definitely recommend it.Overall, the food was quite good.  We all ordered the prix fixe option, which is three courses for $55.  This is a great value, particularly for the quality and quantity of the food.  For my appetizer, I got the twice-baked Parmesan souffle.  This was the low point of the meal for me, but still not bad.  Nothing to write home about, flavor was ok.  For my entree, I got the pork chop.  I don't eat pork too much, but this was very good.  Pork seems like it's difficult to cook well, but this was well-cooked, flavorful and juicy.  Also, the portion was huge.   The best part of the meal however, was the dessert.  I ordered the dark chocolate bread pudding, which was honestly one of the best desserts I've ever had.  This was a special that they were running, but if you like dark chocolate, ask if they have it, it's AMAZING.  My three dining partners ordered the prix fixe as well, and everyone was very complimentary of their meals, two got the steak entree, one got the lamb.The only caution that I would give is that there is absolutely nothing "Vegas" about this place.  It's quite a ways from the strip, dimly lit, in a strip mall.  It was definitely an older crowd as well.  There's nothing wrong with this, but if you're looking for a trendy Vegas experience, this is definitely not it.  It's just really good food.  The only complaint I had, which is small, is that they kind of bombard you with service.  They had two people assigned to our table, and seemed to interrupt us several times to announce that they were refilling the water and stuff like that.  Good service, but a bit unsubtle for me.
5	Rosemary's has always had stellar reviews on Yelp and Chowhound so I wanted to try it for myself. The opportunity to do so came when I was in town with some girlfriends. We were staying at Red Rock so it was just a few miles away. When I walked in I thought the place looked a little suburban. I was not expecting much. Boy was I wrong!! Everything about that meal -from the food to the service to the call afterward to see if we enjoyed our meal - was amazing. We all went with the three course prix fixe menu. Since I am not a big dessert person you can order two apps and a main meal. I got the steak tartare for my first app. It was just perfect. I've had a lot of steak tartare through the years and as simple as the dish is, it is very easy to screw up. Not this time. Just perfectly seasoned and presented beautifully. It was one of the best steak tartares I have ever had. Speaking of presentation, I really enjoyed the coordinated serving of each dish. We were a group of 6 and every course was served simultaneously. I always think that is a nice touch. I then got the scallops with prosciutto and they also were great. Perfectly cooked and served over a delicious cous cous. I tried the cauliflower soup and risotto that my friends were having and both were excellent. I ordered the veal as the main dish at the waiter's recommendation. Again, it was flawless. The meat was cooked at the perfect temperature and served with the delicious lentils. I was so full from the other two dishes (the portions are very large) that I could not finish, though it did make for an excellent breakfast. The rest of our group also loved their food. We were all stuffed at the end. The service was wonderful. Roberto took very good care of us and was attentive without being too intruding or aloof. As we were driving back to LA after a fun filled weekend, Rosemary's called us to see if the meal was to our liking. I really enjoy when a restaurant goes that extra mile. There is no doubt I will be back and make the trip out to Rosemary's again. Thanks for a great meal.
4	Rosemarys was a great experience from start to finish.We got there early and had to wait at the bar during which we passed the time with the bartender discussing the merits of Tito's vodka.this is a local place and I have found that the local places in Las Vegas tend to have excellent and friendly service. Our waiter was Anthony, and he was no exception to this rule.  What I liked about him was that he was knowledgeable, offered good suggestions and left us the hell alone until we needed him.The dining area was a medium sized room with a very nice atmosphere.  A little buzz of energy and excitement, but still very relaxed.  Quite a respite from the casino crowd and ambiance.This is an expensive restaurant, but with some good options to manage costs.  And Las Vegas is all about money management, am I right?  For instance, they have a $55 fixed price option which allows you three courses. The best thing is that you do not have to include a dessert. Any appetizer, entree, desert, or salad (up to 3).  There are only one or two exceptions, but it was a great deal for $55. And w/ half price bottles of wine (no exceptions) on Sunday, it's a good deal all around for this type of food and atmosphere.The one negative, is that it is a bit far from the strip, about 20-30 minutes.  However, I have to admit that being that far from the casinos is actually a blessing.  You're in a nice neighborhood, and gives you a break from the casinos. We had appetizers of Texas BBQ Shrimp and sweetbreads, both very good. The sweetbreads were enormous.  The salads were also good, I had the Caesar. Main dish of lamb chops (wow!) And veal.  Also good. Portions are more than adequate and not overly large, although I was surprised to get 3 chops.
1	Oddly enough I wasn't looking to do any gambling on this trip to Vegas. Sadly though, the only gambling that did happen was rolling the dice on what I expected to be a sure bet (this place based off reviews/praise) and we ended up losing. I'm not even sure how to describe the nightmare of this dinner. You ever get waiter envy? You know, like you're eating at a restaurant and you happen to notice the people next to you get a waiter serving them that is so much better than the one you got? Oh man. I was so coveting my neighbors waiter! If I were to say the service was flat out horrible, that would imply that there was any level of service. There was none. This had to be the waiter experience ever. Made reservations for 8, got seated by 8:05, Waiter 2 came and took water request. Waiter 1 came by to give us menus by 8:15... disappeared for a good 20 minutes without explaining the food menu at all even though we told him that it was our first time. Also note.. two waiters? Hmmm. Okay, one was for clean up and the other was the "main waiter" Waiter 2 brings us silver wear around 8:20. 8:25 passes.. oddly enough, no water still. 8:30 I finally flag him down and ask "where's the water?" He's surprised and you can tell he forgot. He goes back and gets water quickly. Well, at least he came back. Waiter 1 still has not shown back up from giving us our menus at 8:15 and it's now 8:40I could not hear waiter when he first explained menu from my side of the table, so I get my order placed in wrongly for the three course pre-fixed menu. He ask what do we want to drink.. We never got a drink menu.. Ugh, By 8:50 we finally have our order placed. Sitting there 50 minutes and our food was barely ordered because of disappearing waiter. Was he performing at the Rio with Penn & Teller?!? He comes back with drink menu, we place order.. he comes back and tells us one drink is out.. he offers no suggestions as to what would be like it. First course comes out around 9:15 - it's pretty decent. Texas shrimp were tasty. Not too bad. NOT WORTH THE DAMN HOUR AND 15 MINUTE WAIT IT'S BEEN SO FAR! We sit there for a good 30 minutes and no one's checked on us, no one's done anything. The people to my right have the same waiter and they mention how bad the service is and how the person sitting on my side of the table couldn't hear the waiter either when he explained the menu. At this point I'm pretty damn peeved. Where's this great service? An hour and forty five minutes later I get a manager and tell them, what the hell. The lack of service was killing me. The entree finally comes out after which I've been complaining. You can tell the wait staff got a mouth full from her as there's tension there. Steak was cooked rare when ordered med, my bass was tasty, but it was made bitter from this extra long wait. At this point we just had a bad taste in our mouths and, well.. the whole night had been ruined. When traveling we generally do one "fancy meal" and this was expected to be that fancy meal. It turned out to a disaster and we just wanted out of there. What made it worse was that through the whole wait period we couldn't help but notice the table to my left who had a different waiter who was getting amazing service. She was on top of her game. She went down the menu and explained it perfectly. I mean, I couldn't even hear our waiter from the other side of the table and yet this other waiter was talking loud and clear enough that I could hear her two tables down. She also had a situation where the wine that was ordered was out and she went down a list of other recommendations as to what to replace it with in terms of same likeness. I mean, this waiter was something else. It made our situation with our waiter feel so much worse. Like; "You mean to tell me that if we only sat two tables down this whole night would have been so much better?" Now I know how it feels to piss your quarters away at a slot machine and then have the person one machine over win the jack pot. But this nightmare wasn't over yet. We were done. We didn't want to eat anymore. The appitite was so an hour and thirty minutes ago. So we asked them to box it up... Which leads to an even more awkward situation.. um.. how do I trust someone who just got a verbal ass kicking because of me? I don't think I ever trusted any left overs less than I did that box that came out...Then they asked if we wanted dessert forgetting that it came with one of the pre-fixed meals... thanks. The manager that night apologized and gave me her card. Why? I have no idea. She deducted about 60% off the bill.. But even then, $40 for what amounted to appetizers and the worse service I have ever received? Yeah, no thanks. I have 700 reviews and only 50 1 stars... that should tell you something about how I felt completely fucked coming here.Reservation for 8pm25 min for water50min to order1hr45min to get foodLeft there almost by 11pm WORSE MEAL & EXPERIENCE EVER!!
5	Ladies Night - Oh HELL yes! If you have a group of foodie girls I strongly recommend you hit up this place on a Wednesday. If you dine after 7 PM - all food is 50% off! If you dine between 5 and 7, all food AND drink is 50% off. Insane! (PS - guys can dine with you, they just won't get the 50% discount). Apparently word is out because this place was crawling with cougars - meow ! If cougars are your type this is where they are hiding on Wednesdays. On to the food... The 5 course chef's tasting menu for freaking $40 (a steal!) was too tempting to pass up. My mom and husband both got the 3 course ($55 for my husband and $27.50 for my mom). Chef's tasting:*Beef tartare - high quality but had too much wasabi for my taste*Salmon crusted with proscuitto over cheddar mashed potatoes plated in a bloody mary butter (yup, the bloody mary butter is as insanely good as it sounds!!)*BBQ shrimp - one of Rosemary's classics*Lamb chops glazed in balsalmic sauce.. MMMMthen an insane dessert consisting of a lambic raspberry float, a mini creme brulee, and a chocolate cake ! All were perfect and incredible. Then came the kahlua brownies, lemon squares and peanut butter buckeyes!!Oh I did add on the wine tasting too and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of wines they gave me. Normally I don't do wine pairings because I hate the wines they include, but the wines were interesting, unique, and of high quality at Rosemary's!Service was impeccable without being snobby ! Glad to know their quality seems consistent from visit to visit unlike many places I've tried on the strip.
5	Incredible food, and we were lucky enough to have personal attention from chef Michael Jordan himself. Don't let the strip-mall facade fool you!
5	Rosemary's, I thought you were some sort of Chuck-E-Cheese like dump when I saw you were located in a strip mall, but oh was I wrong.  You have some of the best food I have EVER eaten.  The staff were very helpful and friendly.  Service was very attentive during the meal.  We elected to have the prix fixe menu which includes one entree and two sides or desserts for $55 per person.  The meal began with fresh baked rolls, one with a white chocolate filling which was OH SO GOOD!  I had a mushroom soup that was perfectly flavored while my boyfriend had a chilled avocado shrimp soup that was also fantastic.  These were followed by an asparagus salad topped with goat/blue cheese, bacon pieces and boiled potatoes/onions.  There were so many flavors in this salad, but they blended together perfectly.  For the main course I chose the prosciutto-covered veal and my boyfriend had halibut.  Both were perfectly cooked and very flavorful.  We finished the night with their cheesecake....so light and airy.  Next time I come to Vegas I am spending all of my time here instead of watching the drunk skanks on the strip.
5	As everyone has mentioned this place is an absolute surprise based on location alone. When you pull up to a strip mall that contains a fine dining restaurant you already go into the meal with a strange feeling in your gut. That feeling is almost instantly vanquished when you enter and are greeted and sat by the courteous wait staff. Black napkins for those wearing black slacks or a dark dress was definitely a snazzy touch I was impressed by.Now, on to the most important part, the food! Our table did the Prixe Fixe menu and basically tried to share everything. I had the crawfish risotto which was melt in your mouth delicious for my starter. I honestly wished they created an entree version so I could have had more. My entree was a salmon dish which I honestly forgot the accompanying sides but every bite was memorable and this meal happened quite a few months ago. For dessert each person at the table tried something different so we could basically sample all the sweets they had to offer. The apple tart was by far my favorite and their special of the night which was a raspberry chocolate cake honestly tasted burnt. It was the definite low-light of the meal for me. Overall this place is amazing for the price, not to mention we get $25 off gift certificates randomly in the mail. Their attention to detail and excellent service is amazing. From the amuse-bouche for everyone before the meal to the complimentary desserts with the check this place is a keeper. Who wants to venture to the strip for fine dining at 5 times the price when you can feel like a king while dining in a strip mall? I certainly don't!
4	Really excellent food and drinks in a cute setting with excellent service.  The only reason it's not a 5-star is the strip-mall location makes the whole experience less than perfect.
5	This place is amazing - I wont go into a lot of detail since everyone else already has but for the price you get so much more than you would on the strip  - We had the $55 prix fixe (half off for ladies on Wed!) and the food was fabulous!  We had three appitizers (Crab Boulette, Cauliflower Soup and Cheese Souffle) two entrees (Pork chop and Filet) and one dessert that we were too full to eat (apple tart).  I would recommend Rosemary's to anyone that enjoys great food and meticulous service - I even received a call a few days later inquiring about our experience.  A definite 5 stars!!
5	Rosemary's is not only the best restaurant off the Vegas Strip, but can easily contend as one of the best in town. It's modest, unassuming location in a strip mall on W. Sahara is a drawback, but once you get there, Rosemary's delivers on all fronts. Their service is some of the best you will ever have. I found the staff to be almost too attentive at times. Their menu is simply great and the food was almost perfect. If your just visiting Rosemary's is worth the drive and if you are a Vegas resident then Rosemary's needs to be a staple in you dining rotation.
5	UnghhhhhhhhhI took one look at the prix fixe menu and immediately had a mental erection. I ordered the prix fixe menu and developed a semi. I finished every dish from the prix fixe menu, licked the plate, and went home with a full on rager.That's all I have to say about that.
5	I think its been voted best restaurant off the strip a bunch of times. I've been eating here so long that I don't remember and its ALWAYS good eats.Starting with the bar... awesome wine list and one of the best beer selections I've ever seen... coolest part is that they serve your beer with the authentic class that it was intended for it.  Very nice touch.  Also about the bar you can eat there or at the 4 or 5 two person high tops.  This makes for a nice dinner without feeling the need to be too fancy [as in the dining area].The dining room is split into two areas the first of which has the California style open kitchen.  This makes it easy to see real professional chefs at work (Michael Jordan and his wife).  Michael trained under Legase and I believe his wife in New Orleans.  The combination makes an awesome menu (which they update very often).  Whatever the Prix Fixe menu offers is always great.Just a few of my favorite standards:Hugo's Texas BBQ Shrimp (based on family recipe) - awesomeAny Risotto on the menu (changes) - awesomeProscuito Crusted Salmon (one of my fiances favorites) - awesomeMaytag Blue Cheese Slaw (one of the great sides) - superAlso important... ladies nite is Wednesday and everything is 1/2 off for them.  Sundays is 50% off all bottled wine.  Final note, sign up for the various wine and beer tasting events they have... they pair great food and great wine and I've never been sorry.  Neither will you be.Enjoy!
5	Love this place!  The food is truly Creole and reminds me of New Orleans.  Interestingly, one night I mentioned to Chef Michael Jordan that Rosemary's reminds me of Emeril's restaurant NOLA in New Orleans and Chef Jordan told me he opened that joint and was head chef there.  No wonder, the service here is reminiscent of any Emeril restaurant - just truly excellent.I recommend the Prix Fixe menu.  The Texas shrimp appetizer is always divine.  Any fish entree is very good, as well as the steaks.  I usually get full after the entree so I get my dessert to go.  The goat cheesecake never disappoints.The 3 o'clock club (http://3oclockclub.com) often has deals for Rosemary's - you can get a $100 gift card for $50. This place can surely compete with a lot of overrated and insanely expensive restaurants on the Strip.
5	Hidden Little Treasure! Service was impeccable,food was outstanding! We both had the Pre-Fixed $55 worth every penny!!! Highly Highly recommend this restaurant to not only locals but visitors as well! Well worth the trip 5 miles from the strip.
5	This one's simple: Rosemary's,at  minimum, equals any of the top restaurants on the Strip and is, without a doubt, one of the best in Las Vegas -- For us, it's even better: a ten minute ride.
5	Escape the glitz and allure of the Vegas strip restaurants for a true culinary delight at Rosemary's restaurant--worthy of any foodie's highest praise. Rosemary's is located about 3 miles west of the strip and you might wonder why in the world you were convinced to drive so far try a restaurant located within a strip mall (I can't even count how many times I've thought this as I rush to get to my reservation in time). Well...IT'S WORTH IT! GO! I almost downgraded Rosemary's to 4 stars only because, if anything, the service can be spotty. If it's not the hostess or Maitre'd, it's the server, or inattentive wait staff. But, the food is the main event and what a delicious show it is. And a rarefied bargain at $55 for the prix fixe dinner. And for that added 'oomf!'...trust them on their wine selections. I categorize the food as continental with a french emphasis--definitely fine dining. Rosemary's can't be considered an insider's culinary find anymore it is just too good not be discovered. Thank you Chef Michael and Wendy Jordan!
3	Was Rosemary's having an off-night this past weekend? The service was impeccable, and the atmosphere was decent, but the food was underwhelming. I ordered the Texas BBQ shrimp and the Cheddar Hazelnut Pesto quesadilla, and my boyfriend had the Wild Salmon on special. The Salmon was overdone and lacking flavor. The BBQ shrimp were average at best, and the quesadilla was a bit tasteless. The dinner rolls sounded exquisite - chocolate/honey and potato, but tasted like cheap white dinner rolls from the supermarket. The amuse bouche quiche sent out by the chef was lovely. The complementary desserts that they sent out were greatly appreciated, but very supermarket-like as well. I wonder if the usual chef was out that night? Will have to try again sometime.
5	We were in town for the weekend and found this place on Yelp. It took a lot of convincing to get our party of 15 to agree to travel outside the strip for dinner, but it was soooo worth it. Everything just worked out perfectly. I called that afternoon several times and finally got ahold of someone. I was so excited when they agreed to accommodate our large party at 8PM. They asked if we were celebrating any birthdays and when I told them yes, they did something special for that person for dessert.The pre-fixe menu is a great deal, but you can also order ala carte. The portions are generous, so no one left the place hungry. I had the warm spinach goat cheese salad. Yum! The crawfish risotto was apparently very good too. I ordered the angel hair pasta for dinner... I am sure there are better things on the menu, but I'm not much of a meat eater. The apple tart was very good too...though I was really very stuffed and should have stopped eating after the salad! The only odd part about the meal was the mountain of butter that they served with the rolls...seriously, I have never seen so much butter... yum!The service was top notch. The waiters take their jobs seriously and it showed. Everytime I went to the ladies room, there was someone there to greet me and pull out my chair for me when I got back to our table. I was never without wine in my glass and the dining experience was similar to what you would get at a 5 star restaurant. Believe me, you'll get over the fact that it's in a strip mall real fast.Our table was nice and roomy...we didn't feel crammed, rushed, or unwelcomed -as large parties in Vegas might sometimes feel.They served us all a delicious amuse bouche at the beginning of the meal and every dish was served all at once... no one waiting around for their dish to show up. Everything was nice and hot cooked perfectly.The cost was about $75 per person...considering we ordered 5 bottles of wine at $60 a pop...that is really inexpensive and well worth the cab ride to the restaurant.To top it off, the restaurant called me to day to find out how I enjoyed my dining experience.... how nice is that???I would definitely come back here whenever I return to Vegas...which could be awhile given my lack of luck in the casinos.
5	Impressive. Smart eclectic wine list. Great service.I have traveled to Vegas on business more times than I can remember and usually settle for one of the hundreds of destination restaurants. I was glad to have learned about this place. Rosemary's would be on the top of my list in any city. The atmosphere is "local elegant" and the food was special without being over-thought. Also, I can't say enough good things about the wine list. There were treasures from an original list of small production vineyards. The manager/sommelier was very helpful and educated - we found the right choices for the group and uncovered the last bottle of something special for the end of the evening. I finally have a restaurant that I can truly recommend in Vegas.
5	As always, Rosemary's rises to the occasion.  The most attentive and authentically caring staff ever, combined with fantastic, different food at a reasonable price.  Worth the plane ride from Chicago every time.
5	LOVE Rosemary's! It was well worth the $55 cab trip from the strip to dine here and it was so much better than even the most exclusive and pricey of Vegas Strip hotel restaurants!  We sat at the kitchen bar and conversed with the cooks and the chef while watching all the activity. Rosemary's is unusual - they pair excellent beers with their courses (of course they also pair wine for the less adventurous). We enjoyed some Belgian beer with our meal and had an interesting conversation with both the chef and the manager about their various beer choices. There was an exciting and unusual set of selections. From the Maytag Blue Cheese Carpaccio and the Tasso Ham and Crawfish Risotto appetizers, to the Salmon entree and the coconut bread pudding, we found every bite to be a delight and a wonder. I almost wish I could live in Vegas so I could go to Rosemary's regularly and try everything they make. Try it. You will LOVE it. We did! Best in Vegas!
5	We had a wonderful evening at Rosemary's. It is certainly a gem in the hole. Located 20 mins from the Strip, the taste is as good as it gets in LV hotel's fine restaurants and the price is very agreeable. My boyfriend and I had the $55 pre-fixed menu, which includes appetizer, entree and a dessert. (If you don't want a dessert you can substitute it by choosing ANOTHER appetizer. What a deal.) I did a research on Yelp and picked BBQ Shrimps, Salmon Tartar, and sea scallops as the appetizers, and Roasted Lamb and Flank Steak on duck (as a nightly special) as entree and we had trio of sorbet as our dessert. Service was phenomenal, and the timing of each dish was just right. The servers are really "providing quality service" to customer.  I loved and I didn't even regret going here.
5	I would say it is more of a dressy place. Was real impressed by wait staff. All I can say is I will be back when I come to vegas again.
5	While there are tons of great reviews here on Yelp, I feel that Rosemary's Restaurant deserves all of it so I will add mine as well. This place was soooo good, all the way around. Great service. Fantastic food. Yummy dessert. Tasty drinks. As everyone has mentioned, this place is tucked away in a strip mall about 15 minutes from the strip. Not hard to find though but off the beaten path. We dined on a Wednesday night which is ladies night so we received a 50% discount - great deal! We both opted for the 3 course tasting menu which essentially allows you to order anything you want from the menu as long as one entree is included. It's the first 'tasting menu' I have ever experienced like this. We both chose appetizers, entree, dessert but you could choose 2 appetizers and an entree and I suppose an entrees and 2 desserts if you wanted.The chef provided a bite of a FABULOUS veggie quiche sort of thing before we began our meal. It was sooo yummy - I would have loved a few more bites! Then I had the Tasso Ham and Crawfish Risotto as my starting course while M had the Caesar Salad. Both were delicious. The risotto was a little spicy but done just right - a little burn, not a big fire in my mouth. Then I chose a special entree they were offering that night which was a crispy skin striped sea bass. M chose the Ribeye. Again, both were absolutely DELICIOUS. For dessert I had the pecan tart and she had the apple tart. Yum yum yum. Again, the chef provided a dessert tasting as well which includes bites of lemon bars, brownies, and peanut butter buckeyes. The buckeyes were my favorite of the three.I also feel that I should point out the service was impeccable. Very on the ball but not overbearing. And, even though it wasn't extremely busy while we were there they had enough servers to take care of a party of 8 nearby and delivered all 8 entrees simultaneously, one server per person. The bread was good. The drinks were good. Really, there is nothing to complain about. It was one of the best dining experiences I've had in a long time!
4	This place definitely has the correct reputation as one of the best restaurants off the Strip.  The only (somewhat lame) reason I don't give this a 5 star rating is due to the somewhat uncool location and (very nice but) unforgettable atmosphere.What is not forgettable, however, is the quality service and tremendous food.  Dining here more than a couple of times, I have always noticed the chef/owners are highly involved with quality control in all aspects.  While you would expect this based on the menu prices, they deliver just right on that expectation.The chef's tasting menus have never let us down, and the wine selection is one of the best in the city.For the tourists in Vegas, it might be a $15 - $20 taxi ride (each way) in which I might not suggest it's worth that much trouble.  But if you have your own ride, it is absolutely worth the trip as it compete with any other "high end" restaurant in any of the Las Vegas Strip hotels.
4	Instead of gambling my money away in Las Vegas, I met up with my dear Yelper-friend LiLy for dinner. She suggested Rosemary's, because she has a $25.00 coupon for the restaurant. This is a classy and dressy kind of restaurant. With an atmosphere like Rosemary, this is a type of restaurant you'll never see me dine at. Once in a while, I need to use the Gold Credit Card and dine at nice places like here. We started out with endless refills of water. Our waiter suggested a Prix fixed meal for $55.00 per person. With little experience what is a Prix fixed meal and LiLy not being all that hungry, we went our separate ways and ordered a dish for ourselves. We were started with a pair of dinner rolls (one sweet and one savory). Rolls: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3m2XZFVraCiqjgLxHi5MdA?select=ZQ6rvT_g-LPIREwhOnkNiQAnd we had a small piece of a savory bread pudding made with a hint of Onion Marmalade and Tomato Vinaigrette.Side: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3m2XZFVraCiqjgLxHi5MdA?select=syNZC1ipjg0tHK370KOTfAShe ordered the Grilled Pork Chop with some spicy mustard sauce. For $35.00, her huge pork chop had a crusty outer-layer with a mixture of blended seasoning, but moist interior, and a mixed Rice and Black Eye Peas Pilaf. She also had a glass of "Old World" Cabernet with her meal. You'll need to read her review for her take on her dish.Her Pork Chop: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3m2XZFVraCiqjgLxHi5MdA?userid=675iUt7yCOg145N7JoyBugOk, my turn. Ready for this?I ordered the Rib Eye Steak. For $42.00, my Rib Eye Steak made grilled to perfection. My dish also comes with Anson Mills lumpy grits and drenched in a thick & homemade steak sauce. My higher-end steak was very moist and juicy. And the homemade steak sauce made my steak a added kick. I know, I can get an affordable Rib-eye Steak dinner elsewhere, but my presentation for my steak dinner absolutely blew me away.  I also enjoyed my dish with a "New World" Cabernet. My steak: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3m2XZFVraCiqjgLxHi5MdA?select=gpe5CHOJpUob66T-uE3-5AI also wanted to try one of the restaurant's elegant desserts, but we were too full.  We just settled with a complementary bite size dessert after our mealBrownie, Lemon tart and Profiterole: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3m2XZFVraCiqjgLxHi5MdA?select=U5y991kzIn1hG9-7JvhK8AThe service was great and efficient. And the food is definitely one tier above from my usual meals. More importantly, getting together for a wonderful evening with LiLy was an added bonus.
4	You would never imagine such a fancy place, located in a "strip mall". That's Rosemary's! As soon as you walk through the doors, you are greeted by friendly young girls and an impressive bar. After waiting about 10 minutes (after our reservation time) to be seated, I was again surprised to see the white tablecloths and formally attired waiters. We were asked immediately if we wanted any drinks, but waited too long for our menus (about 10 min) We  took advantage of the "prixe fix", where you order 3 courses of your choice for $55. Wednesday is Ladies Night, so I got my meal for half off! Great deal!  I ordered the BBQ shrimp (yummy, and perfectly cooked) and the beef carpaccio as my appetizer and salad. I didn't know what carpaccio was, but the waiter explained it so elegantly that I ordered it. It's basically, really thin sliced raw beef with chunks of bleu cheese sprinkled on them. Eh, I'm not that gourmet, so I didn't really like it, but maybe someone who has a more refined palette would. My husband ordered the crab boulettes, which, in English, are crab cakes shaped into balls. They were okay...more breading than crab. We did get a "gift" from the chef which was a ceviche type salad on a piece of wonton. We liked it, maybe more so because we were so hungry? My entree was Alaskan Halibut...yummm! Perfectly cooked and a generous portion. My husband ordered the rib eye. Again, perfectly cooked and seasoned. This came with grits (no flavor and kind of mushy)...potatoes would have been better. I didn't order a dessert since my entree made 3 choices. My husband ordered the coconut bread pudding. I do not like coconut, but I really liked this dessert! Deeelicious! We also got another "gift" from the chef which was a sampler of a cookie, a brownie and a lemon bar. They all had fancier names, but that's how I labeled them. They were all delicious! And not just cuz they were free! Overall, Rosemary's was a unique and pleasant experience. You need to have a LOT of time to dine there. Our reservations were for 8:30 and we did not leave there until 10:30. And that was not due to drinking and conversing, either. I'm all for enjoying my dining experience without feeling rushed, but this was a bit too slow for me.  That is why they get the 4 instead of a full 5 stars. I would go again on Ladies Night or with a coupon because otherwise, it's a bit expensive.
4	Both of us opted for the $55 prix fixe menu. The prix fix menu allows you to order two of either appetizers or desserts and one entree from the menu, including the special. We decided to go for 2 appetizers and an entree each.For appetizers, we ordered:Hugo's Texas BBQ ShrimpQuail egg with bacon (from the today's special menu)Prosciutto Wrapped Goat Cheese Stuffed Black Mission FigsBeef & Maytag Blue Cheese CarpaccioFor entree:Roasted Rack of LambProsciutto Wrapped Veal TenderloinThe highlight of the night have got to be the goat stuffed figs and the lamb. They were delicious and the lamb is perfectly cooked.I would definitely come back here, for $55 pp, it was definitely one of the best value meal around.
5	From the parking lot, this place didn't look like anything special.. But once you step in, its interior is much different from its cover.I started off with Foie Gras (wasn't on the menu) and must say it was different, more on the sweet side, but it was a pleasant surprise. The Tasso Ham & Crawfish Risotto was delicious.The Twice Baked Parmesan Souffle was fluffy, creamy and quite good as well. For the main course, The Cashew Crusted Salmon with the creamed potatoes and some type of butter sauce was light and executed right. I also tried the Grilled Pork Chop,it was nicely portioned and the reduction sauce went hand in hand with the chops. Creme Brulee for dessert, just plain perfectI would also like to mention that the presentation of all the dishes were beautiful. Most importantly, The Service. Let me tell you, I have never been to a restaurant where each staff member I encountered were so eager to please (and I've been to a fair share of restaurants). Their hospitality here is second to none! Examples of Outstanding Service: Our glass of water never reached half fullI had left my cocktail at the bar while waiting to be seated, went out to the parking lot, went back in the restaurant (about 15 minutes later), got seated and then the bartender approaches the table and brings me my drinkWe took a smoke break before dessert and when walking back into the restaurant there were both our napkins folded on our table and  2 servers both with our chairs pulled out waiting to slide it in as we satEverytime a plate was set on the table there were 2 servers (1 on each side) placing down our plates in sync and briefly describing the dishI took a quick bathroom break, came back to see my napkin neatly folded on the table We were brought bite sized appetizers a couple times during the meal compliments of the chef Overall, the food was Excellent and the service was Unreal
4	This place has incredibly high quality food, and is very delicious. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because it is expensive. But if you are looking for a good fine dining place and willing to spend some money, Rosemary's is perfect. The food is exceptional, and will not disappoint. It does not look like much from the outside, but inside the atmosphere is great. I must stress again that the food is fantastic. Very expensive, but I would recommend it.
5	Don't judge a book by its cover.  Located in a crappy strip mall next to Stein Mart but the food is excellent.  Definitely a gem off the strip.  The tourists don't know what they are missing!
5	This place is TOP NOTCH.  Service is an A+, the food is absolutely delicious, and the chefs are awesome!  They are always coming out w/ new things to keep the menu "fresh".  The prices are very fair for the quality of food you are getting.  Their white chocolate bread buns that they serve w/ all meals.. OOOH!  They have Wednesdays set as Ladies' Night (half price), and one other evening is for food industry staff.  I'd move in if I could!  Their desserts rock.  Totally a place to take a date or business partner you're trying to impress!
5	Hands down the best restaurant food or experience I've ever had.  I've visited 3 times had impeccable food, impeccable service and delightful ambiance.  Everyone from the seating host/hostess on down has culinary training and it shows,  The half off bottles of wine on Sundays makes trying new selections affordable.  Try the prix fix menu for delectable chef's specialties at a reasonable price and more food than you can eat comfortably -- but, you'll want every morsel.  You'll have to get over the off-the-strip strip mall location (we thought we were lost the first time), but once you open the door you're in a whole, new world!
5	After 200 plus reviews and an overall rating of 4 and a half stars, if you are still on the fence about this place, just go! This review comes a little late as I just started yelping. My boyfriend took my here for my brithday dinner last October and we both agreed it was the best dining experience of our lives! And we eat out all the time. Everything about this place was good. The service is outstanding, they really make you feel special, pulling out your chair placing your napkin in your lap, giving you a sample from the chef, etc. And the food even tops the service. A couple of friends recommended the warm spinach salad, so I took their word for it not even knowing if i liked warm spinach or goat cheese. OMG..best salad ever! The dressing was perfect, goat chesse had a light flaky crust..so delicious.  My main course was proscuitto crusted salmon..absolutely perfect! I got creme brulee for dessert,which was good but I dont feel like the dessert options were outstanding. Who cares though when you just had such a good meal. My boyfriend got the filet mignon for dinner and it was to die for. It came with some potato thingys, I dont even know how to describe them, but they were original and delicious. Probably will be heading back to Rosemary's for my birthday again next month!
5	Restaurant is in a shopping center about 3 miles off the Strip. Worth the drive (or taxi ride). A favorite place for the more well-to-do local community. Terrific food served by a well-trained and attentive staff. Rack of lamb and broiled scallops were perfectly prepared and presented. Great selection of very interesting appetizers. Parmesan souffle, salmon tartare, risotto were all nicely prepared. Too full to try desserts! Do yourself a favor and make reservations and show up dressed in appropriate attire. You will receive a much warmer welcome than if you treat it like a visit to McDonald's.
5	We specifically rented a car this trip to eat "off the strip".  Frankly, I'm in awe of a place that consistently turns out thousands (over time) of some of the most delicious and beautifully presented food. These people are some of the most talented chefs, and you can really taste and see the love and care that goes into their food...our dinner last night was yummy! We've dined here on several trips -- even bringing family...we simply love the food. Highly recommended.
2	After reading the rave reviews, I took my husband here for his birthday dinner last night. Pros: delicious prime steak (and he's a steak snob), yummy wilted spinach salad. They seated us quickly (with reservation). Nice interior atmosphere, romantic. Good rolls too. Cons: My husband got food poisoning. Thankfully, we did not share much foods, but we have narrowed it down to either the salad or steak. 5 hours after leaving he was in the bathroom all night. Which is a big bummer considering it was his birthday dinner and I surprised him with this restaurant. My entree was a pork chop, and I ordered it from the yelp recommendations and server. I didn't care for it. It was flavored well but the dish seemed cheap. Pork chops are not a nice cut of meat, and it was served with a bean/rice and bacon dish. Bacon is a cop out for flavor. I should have ordered seomthing else because I was expecting so much more.Also, the service is slow. We were really waiting for our entree, 2nd course and even the check for sometime, he was beginning to get annoyed. We ordered everything in advance, so I really don't know what took so long between courses. We also were seated next to the kitchen's in/out door, which they covered with glass but still not a pretty view from many angles. I noticed several tables seated further away probably also had this view. Its a pet peeve of mine to be at a upscale restaurant and see the kitchen and wait staff in the back. Also, there is a very limited menu. It was fine with me, but if you find yourself with a picky eater, this could be trouble. We will not be going back, mainly because of the food poisoning.
3	Superb 5-star service, especially from my waitress Katie(?)  Foodwise, the lamb chops and Texas BBQ shrimp were excellent.  Salmon tartar, NY prime and sweetbread were tasty but not wow.  I was very disappointed with the crab boulettes as there were no taste of crab and they tasted like hush puppies.  My halibat was too dry and the kitchen was kind enough to take it back.  My waitress was very nice and offered to take the entree off my bill or even swap to different dishes.  She then gave us two desserts to celebrate my mom's and my sister's bday.
5	Best restaurant I have ever eaten at.  Not the best location, but inside is great.  Service is wonderful.  The food is better than anything I have had on the strip.
4	My husband and I ate here about a month ago. I really enjoyed the food. We both got the prix fixe option of getting one entree and two items (We both chose an appetizer and dessert each.). I really enjoyed the food. I got scallops for my entree, and the sauce was superb. The dessert was good too. I got an apple tart, which is ordinary, but the flavors were still good. For my appetizer, I got something with goat cheese and fig, but don't remember exactly anymore. It was good. My husband got the cheese puff appetizer and lamb entree. He thought both were good, but seemed to enjoy my appetizer more and had better lamb elsewhere, but still thought this was good quality. I only give it 4 stars instead of 5, because for the price range, it's not quite on par with some Strip restaurants, but is a great place to go off the Strip. I'd recommend it. Oh, and as another reviewer said, it can be filling - well at least with the fixed menu we got.
5	As you can see from other reviews, this place is a gem way off the strip.  This is a great place that serves great food (not 5 star, but maybe a notch below), at reasonable prices in a very nice setting.  Of course, you won't beleive that when you get there and see it's in a mini-mall across from a Wendy's, but hey, go inside and see.  I've been here a few times.  I've always ordered their prix fixe, which is one appetizer, one main course, and one dessert.   I usually prefer getting the BBQ shrimp for the starter, ribeye or pork chop for the meal, and the chocolate something for dessert.  They usually add in-between items between courses (I know there's a name for that) that are very tasty as well.  Last time we had chocolate strawberrys and various chocolates before (or was it after) dessert.   You will leave this place full, and wonder why can't other restaurants be like this in Vegas.  Other things:  I'm not into service, generally, but they are very helpful, patient and kind.  Not snobby, very cool.This last time I went there was a Gift card you could buy at Costco for them, so you might want to see if they still have that.
5	Had my first Rosemary's experience last night, and I was blown away. This is definitely one of Las Vegas' best kept secrets.My girlfriend and I had reservations at 7:15, but we arrived at about 6:15 to take advantage of happy (4-7 everyday) hour. The service was impeccable -- and we were sitting at a bar table. We had two appetizers -- the sweet corn soup is amazing -- and six cocktails for around $70 including tip.The staff at this restaurant is absolutely amazing. One would've thought that we were at a much more expensive restaurant. Our chairs were pulled out for us when we were seated, my girl friend was given a black napkin to better match her dark dress, and those napkins were folded for us before we returned from using the restrooms.The food follows the impeccable service. Every thing melts in your mouth from the bread to the main course to dessert. The staff is very helpful offering opinions on menu options, and every menu item is paired with both a beer and wine selection that goes best with it.My girlfriend had been here before, and she knew of the amazing peanut butter buckeyes offered for dessert -- free of charge. Were talking about them when our server came to the table, and she offered to get us the restaurant's cookbook. I've never been to any other restaurant that has offered to share their recipes with their customers.Although I couldn't see coming here on a daily bases due the higher prices compared to chain restaurants, for example,  I will definitely be returning as you definitely get your money's worth and then some.There are only two minor down sides. The first is that reservations are a must. There are also tables available in the bar section that are reserved. We saw at least two couples that had to be politely turned away on a busy friday night because they did not have reservations. Secondly, the main dinning room was a bit on the cold side. This is likely due to the fact that the kitchen opens up to the dinning room -- which is another amazing feature of this restaurant.
3	3.5 stars.i got $55 prix fixe:- sweetbreads: 3.5, heavy- crab risotto: 4- scallops: 4 tasty, but had horrible stomach cramps that night and day after. may be allergic- vegetarian spaghetti: 1: so plain and flavorless- some salad with goat cheese: 4- cheese souffle: 4will come here again and give it another shot.
5	ExquisiteOrgasmicImpeccableSpeechlessPerfectionRosemary exceeded my expectations from there service, food, ambiance, and experience.  We all did the $55 prix fixe and nothing, I mean absolutely nothing disappointed our palate.  Everything was mouth watering delicious.  I have done several prix fixe and this was the first time where I was satisfied with my first two courses before my entree, because the portions were huge and tasted exquisitely perfect in each bite.  Mind you, this place is off the strip and is a good 15 to 20 min drive out, but it is definitely worth the drive and time for a very very happy tummy.  I will surely return again and again.
4	Rosemary's Restaurant has long enjoyed a reputation as one of the highest rated Las Vegas restaurants on Yelp.  With over 240 reviews and a 4.5 star average, I felt comfortable planning a reception here and was excited to finally try their food.First off though, service is definitely the attribute that distinguishes Rosemary's from the rest.  Although they are typically closed on Sundays for lunch, they agreed to open their whole restaurant for our small party and to give us a private room.  They then proceeded to customize the menu according to the favorites we had heard about on Yelp and were always quick to reply, respond, and help.  The day of the lunch, their staff was professional, friendly, and flexible.  Food came out promptly and was hot and delicious.  I personally thought the meal was quite good and was happy with all I ordered.Hugo's Texas Shrimp - this is definitely only for blue cheese fans, but the shrimp came out moist and delectable with the tasty BBQ sauce and was served on a wonderful bed of slaw flavored with blue cheese.  The blue cheese and BBQ sauce worked very well together and I see why this is a fan favorite.Rack of Lamb - Normally a dinner item, Rosemary's was happy to include it on our lunch menu for no additional charge.  Two large pieces of lamb came out that were cooked medium rare.  The sauce was a slightly sweet combination that went went with the meat.  A solid entree.  I loved the diced olived and mash potatoes that accompanied the lamb.Apple Tart - a warm apple tart was served with a cookie and caramel ice cream.  I found the tart to be lacking apple, but liked the cookie and ice cream.Despite it's strip mall location and off-the-strip location (about 10 miles), Rosemary's is definitely worth the visit.  The value here is fantastic, including prix fixe lunch menus and $55 prix fixe dinner menus and you'll definitely get more than you could at a mediocre hotel restaurant.  We look forward to returning the next time we are in Las Vegas and thank Rosemary's for their great service and hospitality.Rosemary's accepts credit cards, including American Express.
5	For amazing food and an awesome off the strip dining experience, you have to try Rosemary's Restaurant!  The nightly tasting menu is wonderful with many brilliant pairings.  The wait staff is very friendly and the service is exceptional.  Highly recommended!
5	Definitely come here with a group and get the $55 pre-fixe which includes an Entree and 2 of the following (Salad, App, Dessert).  Entrees are about 35 on average so based on value, it's the best deal.You can even pair up on salads or apps which I did so I got 2 apps and an entree.  If you come in a group order one of everything.I would classify the cuisine as Lousiana, Cajun, Southern Fine Dining fusion.Chef MJ has clearly got the goods!We ended up getting the following:Texas BBQ Shrimp with Blue Cheese Slaw - Huge portion for an appeteizer.  Pretty awesome but I've had better BBQ shrimp in Lousiana.Twin Baked Parmesan Souffle  with Mushrooms - A few more mushrooms would hit the spot.  This is also a must order.Tasso Ham and Crawfish Risotto with Tomatoe Jus - Defintely my favorite of everything I ate.  It had a great kick to it.  I could eat a huge dinner portion of this.Seared Sea Scallops w/ Parsnip Potato Puree, Apple Cider Beurre Blanc - the sauce was the boss (shout out to Cane's) and the scallops were perfectly cookedGrilled Pork Chop w/ Hoppin John and Creole Mustard Reduction Sauce - Maybe one of the juiciest pork chops i've had and the hoppin john was some tasty riceAlaskan Day Boat Halibut - NOt my favorite but good for mild fish loversCashew Crusted Salmon - Perfectly cooked, clean, with a light taste.  Desserts (i was going to pass out from a food coma)All good - we got the pecan pie, apple tart (?) - flaky and good, chocolate flourless cake (the best!!), and a coconut bread pudding - YUM YUM YUMWeds are 50% off ladies - I'll have to dress in drag.  Mondays are hotel/casino/restaurant industry night.  And they take the Restaurant.Com coupon!Will be back and by then I will have eaten everyting on the menu - Muhahahahahhahaaha!
4	We arrived about 45 minutes early for our 7:30 reservation on a Monday evening and they graciously seated us early after a ten minute wait.  Thomsas was our waiter and he and is assisting staff were excellent.  Attentive without hovering, friendly and helpful without being too casual.  Excellent wine list and an interesting vegetable quick amuse bouche started the evening off well.We opted not to do the prix fixe menu and ordered two salads, two entrees, and shared a dessert so the cost came out about the same.  My wife had the arrugula, endive, and radicchio salad and I had the wilted spinach withshallots and goat cheese.  Both were intresting and worth repeating.  She had the sea scallops with parsnip potato puree and apple cider beurre and they were excellent.  I had the veal tenderloin with fingerling potatoes and green peppercorn sauce.  A nice sized piece of veal cooked medium-rare but the sauce was overpowering.We shared a lemon ice box (?) dessert in a martini glass with berries and whipped cream.  Way too sweet and tart and I would not recommend it.
5	For any Vegas tourist, the Las Vegas strip is the main & only attraction, especially when it comes to food.  Justifiably so, the LV strip is one of the Big 4 (New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Vegas) when it comes to cities where respected celebrity chefs must have a restaurant.  But any well-informed foodie would take the $50 cab ride to visit Rosemary's.Located in a strip mall, I encourage you to not judge a book by its cover.  Once you enter the restaurant, you may still be looking for extravagant decor, so let me disappoint you now that it is just a simple dining room with a bar.  It is basic but warm and it carries no fancy misdirection from the fantastic experience of the food.The restaurant is well-priced, with a 3-course prix-fixe at $55 and a 5-course tasting menu at $75.  If you are lucky enough to be part of the fairer sex and come in for Wednesday evening's Ladies Night (half off all food), then it's the foodie deal of a lifetime.The quality of the service belongs to a restaurant that should charge much more.  All waiters and servers are attentive, helpful, and knowledgeable.  There is never a messy crumb-filled table top or an unfolded napkin while a patron visits the restroom.Whether you order just a dish or the prix-fixe, the meal begins with an amuse bouche, a bite-sized appetizer that is the chef's greeting to you.  Then a bread basket comes with a few choices of carbohydrates worth every calorie.  My favorite has been the sweet potato dinner roll, a buttery soft-baked delight with a hint of sweetness.At the risk of upsetting animal rights activists, I confess my love for the pan-fried milk-fed veal sweetbread.  For those of you thinking this is more grains, sweetbread is the culinary name for the thymus and the pancreas.  It sounds cruel and disgusting; but it only deserves the first description, because Rosemary's sweetbread is rich, flavorful, and meaty.  If you are a meat-eater, try it at least once.For the entree, though you will probably love the rib-eye or pork chop.  I urge you to try the crispy-skinned striped bass served with andouille sausage, rock shrimp, fingerling potatoes, hushpuppies and Creole sauce.  It is New Orleans on a dish, the Big Easy served for you right here in Sin City.Their wine-pairing is notable and should be included if you love wine.  But they also offer a rare beer-pairing, each unique beer a perfect compliment for each dish: an experience to be had if you are a beer-drinker.  Amidst the Thomas Kellers and the Michael Minas of Las Vegas, there are Michael and Wendy Jordan of Rosemary's, pleasantly surprising us with a real and solid dining experience beyond a city that deals in hype.
5	For the best service, make a reservation and get seated in the main dining room.  The bar & lounge is a different atmosphere, but I think the servers in the main dining room are the most attentive.I mentioned the sweetbread in the first review, but I went back with a girlfriend last night and ordered two of my other favorites: the parmesan souffle and the Caesar for Mark.  Both of which are terrific.  Parmesan souffle is extravagantly rich, great for a splurge.  If you are looking for something lighter, the Caesar for Mark is my favorite Caesar anywhere.  Every inch of every romaine leaf is tenderly touched with sauce and finely grated cheese, and a couple slices of anchovies certify the authenticity!
3	I really wanted to love this place.  From all of the reviews and buzz, I've heard. It made me think to myself, "I've got to check this place out before I move from this town."  It was good but not memorable.I arrived here on a Wednesday night at about 6:30 pm.  One hostess was nice and the other took herself way too seriously.  I told them that I knew that they were booked heavily for that evening but when could I get a table.  The evil one told me 9 pm with a serious scoff in her voice then asked if that would be suitable.  The nicer one asked if I wanted to wait there or come back.  I told them I would wait. (I didn't really want to, but I was curious as to what they would do.)  The nicer one said, "Let me see if there's a table we can get you in the bar." The evil one stopped her and said, "No, she doesn't need a table in the bar."  The nicer one, "There's no one sitting there. All I have to do is get a chair."  The evil one, "No."  The nicer one looks at me like "help me".  I smiled and told them I would be back in a bit.  I went out to my car to check my email and to see who kept calling me.  Anyone works at a 24/7 type career field will tell you that your work is never really done, so I answered emails, phone calls, and texts.  By the time I looked up, it had been 2 hours, so I went back in.  Lo and behold, the evil one was gone, and I didn't have to deal with her the rest of the night.  Thank God!I told the nice one I would be in the bar until my table was ready because I had a few more loose ends to tie up.  She smiled and told me my table was ready-- 1/2 hr early-- and started to apologize for the other girl.  I raised up my hand and told her that the gesture is appreciated but the explanation is not needed.  After I was seated, the wait staff was prompt.  I had my sparkling water and declined the drink menu.  I was driving, and I wanted to taste my food to see what the hype was about.  The waiter handed me the menu and asked if I wanted some time.  I told him I wanted the tasting menu ($80 with no wine or beer pairings. I believe it goes up to $115 for beer and $135 with wine or at least somewhere in that ballpark.).It was five courses of better than average cuisine but nothing ground breaking.  The first was the Creole Beef and Bison Tartar.  That was very fresh.  My second was the Cashew Crusted Salmon w/Wasabi Creamed Potatoes & Ginger Soy Butter Sauce.  Well executed salmon, but my favorite part of the dish was the wasabi creamed potatoes.  This was something to write home about.  Course three was Pan Fried Veal Sweetbreads w/Black Beluga Lentils & Bloody Mary Butter.  The waiter mentioned that this is one of his favorites, and it is for good reason.  My main course was Roasted Rack of Lamb w/Kalamata Olive Creamed Potatoes & Balsamic Reduction Sauce.  I must say now I know for certain that I do not like lamb, but this also was still very good.  The dessert course was a trio-- creme brulee, chocolate cake, and a framboise lambic and hazelnut float.  That chocolate cake was very rich.  I took a bite and that was plenty for an non-chocolate lover.My water was refilled periodically and kept on ice 2 tables away. They really weren't on top of that.  Service, in fact, was average at best.  Honestly, throw the wait staff from Yardhouse in different attire and give some of them European accents, and the service would have been better. The espresso I ordered after dessert was average at best.  I didn't know that I came in on ladies' night, which meant my food was 1/2 off.  That was a great surprise with the check and 18% gratuity was added in automatically even though I was dining alone.  Maybe when the food is not 1/2 off it will live up to its reputation.Overall, I would say that this place has all the dressings and presentation of a fine dining restaurant.  It has its niche following.  The ingredients were reasonably fresh and were seasoned to highlight the natural flavors but not accent them or to intrigue you.  For me, it was all a bit unimaginative... And to get on my soap box slightly, a good meal can open your eyes to another place, challenge your beliefs, make you fall in love, remind you of a time gone by, or to raise you expectations of what can really be done in a kitchen!  This why I dine out!  None of this is happening here, which means I really could have cooked all of this at home myself-- especially since I could have gotten the cookbook on disc for an additional $10.  A well-executed tasting menu can take you on a journey.  Ordering it can be like telling a chef to tell you a story and/or to show you his wares.  For me the story was ho-hum.  As for his wares, he knows how to cook and can follow a recipe but cannot challenge his guests to something more... which makes  this place grossly average.
5	Rosemary's Restaurant in our opinion is the best Restaurant inLas Vegas. The Food Ballet and Service is outstanding.The food is fresh, creative and in our opinion amazing and wonderful.We always go to Rosemary's for special occasions as well asin between.  Chef Michael Jordan and Chef Ross are the mostcharming and warm hosts and welcome guests to their fantasticrestaurant.  Can't say enough wonderful things about it.  The value is goodfor the food as well.Hannah and Wally
5	I celebrated my birthday here a couple of years ago. I had sweetbreads for my app. It was my first time eating sweetbreads, and they were quite good. I ordered a rib-eye for my main course, and it was probably the best steak I've ever had, perfectly cooked. For dessert they brought a tray of four different types of bars. My favorite was the lemon bar which was delicious. While the meal was pricey, it was definitely worth it.
3	My girlfriend and I went to chef Jordan's place about a year ago for her birthday.  I knew that the flavors were going to be heavily influenced by the south, but it was more like a hammer blow than a light touch.mayo, mustard, pecansService was strange, literally had two servers looking over our shoulder the entire meal, lost track of the amount of times they scraped crumbs from the table. Beef tenderloin was well cooked but the bourdelaise was just way too sweet, like almost ruining the meal.Dessert was uninspired and boring and not worth rememberingthe experience was ok, but in no way great
1	We used to love this place. No longer. Our dinner was in all respects awful. The pisco sour drinks were not made correctly and were undrinkable. Shrimp appetizer tasted like iodine. Stuffed figs were inedible. Steak and scallop entrees were cold and tasteless. Even the chocolate ice cream didn't taste right. Our server was wordy but nonexistent when we needed him. After many years of dining here we shall never return. Shame on you, Rosemary's!!
5	We were a little reluctant to spend the money required to eat at Rosemary's but it came highly recommended so we decided to splurge.  After eating two other meals on the strip that ended up costing even more for average food, I realize this restaurant for the amazing gift it is.  The food and service were exquisite and worth every cent.  This will become the standard to which I hold every special meal, and I fear it will be hard to match.  My only suggestion for a group of three people would be to get two prix fixe meals and another entree for a party of three.  This gives you four appetizers/desserts instead of six.  By the time our entrees came, we were completely full.  I did have a most amazing lunch with my leftovers the next day, though!
5	Great food, great service..... Only problem is the $25 cab ride from the wynn.... My wife and I thought it was well worth it.  The Veal loin, and Butterfish was incredible.  Big thumbs up....
3	Rosemary's is definitely overrated.  It gets 5 stars for great service, but only 2 1/2 to 3 for the food..My girlfriend and I both ordered from the Prix Fixe options.  She got the house salad for her first choice, while I ordered the special, which was some kind of creamy tomato soup.  We ended up switching because we liked each other's more.  The house salad was actually really good and had some crunchy crouton chips that went with it.  My girlfriend really liked the soup.  It was rich and was served with some kind of gourmet potato chips.For my second option, I got the barbecue shrimp appetizer.  It was served with a bleu cheese slaw.  The barbecue sauce was really good.  My girlfriend doesn't like shrimp, so this was the perfect amount for me.  However, the dish was too small to share.  The slaw was just ok.  We got a sampler before our entree came out.  It was some kind of fish mixture on a wonton.  They were actually pretty good.  Then the entrees came.  Neither of us were crazy about the entrees.  This is where Rosemary's and so many of these high-priced restaurants mess up is on their entrees.  My girlfriend played it safe and got the parmesan angel hair pasta.  It was good, but is something you could make on your own for much cheaper.  She got some of the fingerling potatoes.  They were ok.  There was a funny flavor to them.  I ordered the rack of lambs.  While they were cooked perfectly, the sauce gave them this awful flavor.  And the potatoes were not edible with the strong flavor of kalamata olives mixed in (probably a preference type of thing).For dessert, we got the blueberry and pear cobbler.  My girlfriend didn't like it, because it was mostly fruit and not much cobbler.  And they give you a tiny tiny tiny scoop of vanilla (seriously?!?!?! half the deliciousness of any cobbler is the vanilla ice cream)  But I ate the whole thing anyway.They also brought out a little sampler and the peanut butter buckeyes are really good.Overall, it was pleasent.  I would never go back though.
5	Absolutely Spectacular!!  Going "off the strip" is so worth it! My wife and I went there to celebrate my birthday and we read the reviews of this place so we thought we would try it out.  We are so glad we did. It is a bit of a drive off the strip ($25 cab ride) but once inside the service is wonderful and the food is exceptional. They have a prix fixed menu option which is great. You get to combine an entree with two different "sides". You can mix any cold or hot appetizer or even your dessert as the "side". Their servers know their stuff and the sommelier has great recommendations for pairing your wine with your meal. I had the lamb chops and my wife had the scallops. Both were great. I highly recommend getting off the strip and trying this restaurant. It was one of the best meals I have ever had in Las Vegas.
4	I love Rosemary's. It is by far the best place I've been to on the west side of Vegas. The food is yummy, but tends to be quite rich and meaty. It's not mind blowing food, but it is consistently good. There are lots of nice touches that makes this place worth coming back to time and time again. The menu varies with the season as does the cocktail list. There is always a complimentary amuse bouche and a mini selection of sweets after dinner. I've found the service to be excellent and the place is extremely cozy. They also have great specials such as industry night, ladies night, and a good value prix fixe. I've found myself at Rosemary's quite often, it is dangerously close to becoming my local.
5	Been here a few times already. Only have been here for dinner and I keep coming back-so that's a good sign right? We went on New Year's Eve this time. They did not accept the coupon but I used the gift cert. from Costco. We got the prix-fix for $55. When we arrived it was happy hour in the bar. Yay! The martini was just regular nothing amazing. I find service to be spectacular each time I came. I was sad they got rid of the ribeye steak even though their website menu says they have it. Would be nice if they updated their website. Oh well I was certain they would have other good things on their menu. I got the yellowtail tuna, panko crab cakes, and endive salad. Fiance got the filet with leeks beef carpaccio, and parmesan souffle. I loved his appetizers. The parm souffle was to die for. My salad was just ok and I was not a big fan of the crabcakes. The tuna was pretty good. I will surely be back since I have consistently had good meals here. I will order something else next time. For $55 for 3 courses off the strip with no hassles, I think it's a nice treat for special occasions.
4	LOVED this restaurant! Everything was top notch and the setting was beautiful. It is really a great find for foodies in Las Vegas.What I loved!1) Atmosphere was very romantic, clean, relaxing with a great view of the kitchen. I loved to watch the chef preparing all the wonderful dishes2)The service was TOP NOTCH. Our server was fantastic and always attentive to our table and needs3) The food was incredible! I had the pre fix dinner starting with the special of veal ravaoli, crispy sea bass and coconut bread pudding. Everything was perfect! The food tasted awesome!4)They bring you a little plate of 3 tiny desserts complimentary so if you are not a huge dessert fan you can get two appitizers and your meal if you like. 5) Fine dining at $55 per person pre fix (2 sides and an entree - either 2 appitizers or 1 appitizer and 1 desert) Perfect well rounded meal!What made me sad1) We mentioned to our server that we had recieved gift certificates for Christmas and when we went to use them they would only accept one. ($50 each) He said if we had had seperate tables they would have accepted both. No where on our certificates did it say that you could only use one per table. It said one per visit and this was our first time visiting (2 seperate couples). We were very frusterated since we had notified them of these prior to starting our dinner. It is not cheap to eat here and our bill was almost $300!  The manager did not even come to the table to explain which was somewhat odd. It did leave a bad taste in all our mouths since everything up to that point had been perfect! We did not understand how if we had got them as gifts and dined together it could not be used. They need to change their verbage to one per table per visit if they is what they mean. Also, make sure that if you notify the waiter they look at what you have first to eliminate the suprise at the end of your meal.Other than that though, this place was a wonderful place to dine. The chef prepared some of the tastiest food I have had in a long time. I am sure I will be back, after I get over being so bitter :)
2	Overall:Rosemary's should bill itself as "Fancy Style" because this is not an authentic "Nice Restaurant."  I would never return to Rosemary's again.  The food was unimpressive, the service wasn't as good as it should have been and the atmosphere was a mockery of a fine dining establishment.  Food:  The food was OK.  Of the eight or so things I tried I thought two were above average.  The bread they served was slathered with butter and that's always a good thing.  It was delicious, warm and a great way to start the meal.  The one thing I'd describe as memorable was the Maytag Blue Cheese Slaw.  I'd order a plate of this and go home.I tried two soups and wasn't blown away by either.  My appetizers were a beef carpachio, which was fine and sweetbreads which were chewy.  My main course was scallops, which were horribly overcooked.  My friends ordered fish which was also overcooked.  None of my friends raved about their food except for one (you'll see why under the service section).The food aimed to be "high end" but there was nothing innovative or interesting about this food. The drink selection was good, specifically beer.  The drinks were expensive but they had a top notch beer selection.Atmosphere:  Rosemary's is located in a strip-mall.  Even better, the light over the front door was flickering like one outside a cheap motel.  The artwork on the wall wasn't especially interesting or noteworthy.  There were some framed mirrors by the bar which felt like something out of Crate and Barrel.My friends who recommended the place made it sound like it was about to receive a Michelin star but nothing could be farther from the truth.  In a city like Las Vegas, which is full of world-class restaurants, Rosemary's felt like the place in a small town were folks go for their anniversary.There's a reason this place is three miles from where all the tourists are.Service:The service here aimed to be good but failed at the one thing that supposedly makes them unique.  When we were seated we were asked if there were any food allergies or requests.  This on one hand was very nice because we had several people with food differences.  On the other hand why not just wait until people order to ask such a sweeping question?  Also most people with food differences don't wait until they're asked to share so it seems like a nice question but it's actually quite dumb.Most servers, when presented with a table full of people with food challenges, would be sure to note any foods that were ordered which have "hidden meats" like chicken stock or pork.  Two people, who do not eat ham, were served food with two kinds of bacon.  The server didn't think, "Hey these people don't eat red meat... maybe that extends to bacon!"  Since she had pretended to care so deeply my friends ended up eating things they didn't want to.This place makes a big show out of being "fancy" and their servers are instructed on how to act.  They put on a good show but nothing could hide the fact that our server wasn't comfortable talking to the customers and established no report with our jovial table.  Value:Rosemary's used quality ingredients in their food but cooked them poorly, did nothing interesting with the food rendering it a waste.  For the $55 I spent on dinner I could have gone to a much higher quality place and had slightly less food.  I don't need to be stuffed with badly cooked scallops and bread to feel I got my money's worth.
4	One of the great "locals" treasures to be found off-Strip in Vegas.Rosemary's is in a strip mall a couple miles west of LV Blvd.  Its nondescript location belies the gastronomic experience that awaits those willing to endure the 10-minute (*gasp!*) cab ride from their hotel.  The place is a little slice of heaven a la American cuisine.Food, service, ambiance; all top drawer quality.  And, if you like to cook as much as you like to eat (like me) then you will be well-served to purchase the Rosemary's cookbook.
5	Living in San Francisco we have good places to eat.  Rosemary's would be at the top of the list if it was in San Francisco.  Located 10 minutes from the strip, it's well worth the effort to make the trip.  I can't believe it took us so long to find this gem.  It's so good we bought their cookbook.  Hats off to Rosemary's.
5	i love this place! been twice and it was great both times. the care of the wait staff is great and they are very attentive. this is the kind of place that if you are wearing black pants they take away your white napkin and give you a black one so you don't get lint all over yourself, I LIKE!!! both times i have been i did the chefs tasting menu, mainly because i am indecisive and it is easier to let someone else decide!, it was great. BBQ shrimp with maytag blue cheese coleslaw oh baby!! it is good. they just kept bringing it on and i got stuffed. then desert came, oh ya i got that down too. it is a little spendy for what it is but i will go back. check it out
5	I've been to this restaurant many times and I've been impressed with the quality of the food and the care put into presentation every time. Their soups are the best in town. Great job with their wine and beer pairings as well. The costco gift cards are the way to go. I've bought some coupons on restaurant.com and tried to use them a few times, but have been denied because it was a holiday. I don't really think that was fair, since it never said that restriction on the coupon.
5	Exactly, as good as it gets. It's been a while so I don't remember much details of my food but I just remember being amazing! The food just too good, service just amazing. It won't give much to this little restaurant in a shopping plaza but you will give a lot once you go through the menu and eat their food.3 stars -4stars quality
4	For years, I have longed to try this place, but somehow my friends and I had managed to miss coming here.  So, for our first time, we decided to "Go big or go home." (As my friend put it!)  We had one of everything and shared it all.  We chose to do the prix fixe menu.  This seemed like the best deal and in keeping with our mission statement to try everything.  And it was ladies night (50% off for ladies on food plus an 18% gratuity).Here's what we got:Parmaesan souffleTexas BBQ shrimp - blue cheese coleslaw was so good.  very creamy and the shrimp was cooked perfectly and not chewy like some jumbo shrimp can be.Crab Boulettes - I was not a fan.  Bland.Beef & Maytag Blue Cheese Carpaccio Salad - Order this! so good if you love carpaccio and I definitely do!Arugula, Endive & Radicchio - Excellent.  Basic saladSome other salad which was on the specials menu - Don't recall anything other than thinking it was good.Milk Fed Veal Porterhouse - I didn't try my friend's dish, but she professed her undying love to it.  Repeatedly.  So I assume it was good.Seared Sea Scallops - The scallops were cooked perfectly.  My friend had to keep stabbing me with her fork to keep me out of this.  The prosciutto really sent this over the edge into heavenly.  Very yummy.Prime NY Strip - This was excellent and a really big portion.  My friend had enough for lunch the next day.  This is one of the dishes which has an additional $5 surcharge on the prix fixe menu, but worth every penny.Striped bass - I ordered a bass dish off of the specials menu.  It had scallops and some sort of cream sauce.  I thought the fish was really well cooked but the scallops were kind of rubbery.  Especially when compared to my friends seared sea scallops.Although there were a few misses, overall I found Rosemary's to be pretty out of this world.  So glad I finally made it here.  It was nice to go to a nice restaurant off strip.  I get really tired of walking a mile in a casino for a great meal.  Four ladies, tons of food, copious amounts of alcohol and our total bill was $230.  My friends also ordered two desserts, but by that point I was out of commission.  Must have been good though, because it was all gone!
4	I grew up in Las Vegas and feel like I paid my culinary dues in long buffet lines. Unfortunately, the pickin's were slim in my youth  - not like today. When I go home I try to steer clear of the strip and go in search for the city's soul -- so when I read about Rosemary's I was intrigued. A peek at the menu and I realized this would be a splurge but not so much that I would break the bank. I took my parents, who still live in LV, and it was unanimous -- hidden behind a draped doorway, in just another innocuous strip mall, beats a culinary heart and a giving soul. Having long given up on the search for a good restaurant nearby, Mom and Dad were surprised to find a local restaurant so close to home. And, so good! From the bufala appetizer to the delicious desert cookies -- we were in heaven. The wine list offered selections that paired well with the food but didn't inspire me to explore something new -- although that's not a deal breaker -- this may be disappointing to a true vinophile. And, if it is, Rosemary's is worthy of your coveted bottle beginning with the word 'Chateau'. Bring it with you to celebrate the season of love or just to celebrate discovering an excellent new restaurant without the continuous soundtrack of mega bucks in the background.I held back from 5 stars due to the slow service. Slow and steady is fine especially when savoring flavors -- but it bordered on inattentive at times. I have a feeling Rosemary's will continue to improve their service and impress with their food  -- so I'm looking forward to returning and adding to this star.
4	There are already many detailed four-five star reviews so I am going to keep mine brief.Food, flavor, texture, creativity, quality and even quantity - AService - AKnowledge of sommelier and food server - AWine and drink selection - B+Atmosphere - BPrice - BEase of making a reservation - Perry don't make reservations (but there's always room when I go! - even if it's only in the bar)Sunday's is half-priced bottles of wine. The best day to go!
5	Dropped by during Superbowl weekend with some business associates and asked for Tony (you should too).  About the service: I continue to appreciate places that don't bother you and instinctually know when to come to the table.  Rosemary's is such a place.We had steak, sweetbreads, lambchops, wine, wine, and wine.I can't wait to go again.
5	You'd be hard pressed to find a better off the strip restaurant than Rosemary's. Despite its strip mall location, it's one of the best spots in the suburbs to have a sophisticated and elegant meal. When my wife and I moved to Las Vegas a few years ago some friends brought us here for our first "nice" meal in town. We were blown away back then and on our return visit a couple days ago we were still impressed.There wasn't a single disappointing dish. They started us off with two rolls each. The potato roll was good, but the sweet white chocolate pecan roll was delicious, with a texture like a sticky, chewy cinnamon roll.Shortly after dropping off the rolls the waiter returned with an amuse bouche of goat cheese quiche with bacon. It's salty and tart flavor was a bold way to start the meal.I opted for the $55 prix fixe option -- ordering two apps and an entree. My wife ordered a la carte, getting one app and entree. It's great that Rosemary's allows customers to either order two apps and an entree or an app, entree and dessert as part of the prix fixe. That kind of flexibility is nice for people who want to skip dessert.//Appetizers//Panko crusted crab boulettes w/ g-ma's sweet & sour cucumbers and emulsified ravigote sauce. The cucumbers were the star of the dish with its combination of sweetness and acidity. The sauce was tangy and added good flavors to the mild tasting crab.Shrimp with pistachio crusted goat cheese, avocado. This dish was a salad topped with slices of avocado, three large shrimp, and goat cheese balls. It was a deliciously refreshing and light app.Butternut squash soup with chipotle aioli, pumpkin seeds and creme fraiche. There were hints of spiciness from the chipotle aioli with a sweetness provided by the creme fraiche and a nice crunchy texture from the seeds. This was one of the best butternut squash soups you'll find.//Entrees//Seared sea scallops w/ parsnip potato puree, crispy prosciutto, parsnip strips and apple cider beurre blanc.  Delicious scallops that didn't have any hint of gritiness. The prosciutto was so light and crispy and the beurre blanc was so creamy. In combination, all the ingredients made this an excellent dish.Crispy skin Texas striped bass w/ garlic spinach, sizzled leeks and meyer lemon caper beurre blanc. The fish was meaty and perfectly cooked. I'm not usually a fan of leeks but these were delicious. Another dish with a beurre blanc sauce, however this one didn't seem as buttery or thick as the one used with the scallops.//Dessert//They dropped off a plate of mignardises to end the meal. Three bites of a lemon bar, a peanut butter dessert that was crunchy and airy, and a chocolate brownie that was dense and moist. The sweet bites were a perfect way to end the meal without leaving us feeling too full.Service was very good. There were two waiters swooping in and out setting and resetting silverware, cleaning off the table, pouring water, and checking in on us. Even though they were around a lot, they were as unintrusive as possible.The price of the meal, while not cheap, was reasonable. Armed with a $25 gift card from restaurants.com, we walked out after spending $145 (including tax tip and two drinks).
3	The butternut squash soup was delicious.  I was surprised that they served minute rice rather than real rice with the entree (Coq au Vin). Also, I had to send back my dish as I told the waiter I don't eat pork and requested it without bacon and it arrived with bacon.  Good thing I noticed the bacon right as the plate was being set down because nobody ever came to ask if our entrees were okay.  The chocolate cake was very dry, luckily it came with an espresso sauce and ice cream to soak into the cake and make it edible. The pricing was reasonable--$28 for a 3 course prix fixe lunch (I think they only serve lunch on Fridays).  The presentation of all the dishes is really nice.  I get that they are trying to keep costs down, but the place was a bit shabby (padding on seats was worn down and years of dust accumulated on light fixtures).  The older Summerlin crowd seems to love dining here.
4	What's left to be said after so many glowing reviews?Here's a summary of Rosemary's:fine dining that's not on the stripexcellent servicehigh but not extravagant pricesdelicious foodOne star off for the decor inside - a drop ceiling when people are spending $100/head??? *note: $75/person no show fee on weekend reservations!
5	Such a great find! It's off the Strip - in fact, it's stuck in a nondescript shopping plaza, but it's some of the best food in Las Vegas.  We went on a Tuesday night without a reservation and we couldn't get a table, so we ate at the bar.  The service was great, and our meal was perfect.  I had the scallops, and they were amazing. I was so impressed when they brought us little treats - delicious rolls, an amuse bouche, and a nice trio of mini desserts.  I would recommend this restaurant for any special occasion!
5	Ok Vegas if you haven't been to Rosemary's you've been missing out on one of our local jewels. But this restaurant isn't like buying a ring from Zales, it's more like Tiffany's. Partners in crime Chefs Michael and Wendy Jordan are true artisans whos "New American", or whatever is the best way to describe their deliciousness, style cuisine is an experience all to itself. It's fine dining folks so I put it as one of those places where you get dressed up to eat. Where you buy a bottle of wine and take your time. Where you compliment the chef and the staff. This place is a treat and you treat someone special and start new memories.Ok enough of the touchy feely and on to the food. Ok have you ever watched those TV cooking competitions like Top Chef or Chopped where they throw words out like confit, amuse bouche and reductions of this and that and use ingredients like foie gras and it looks super delicious but you're thinking to yourself "I don't know what the hell that is but I wish I could get some of that.!". Well here you go, here's your chance minus the pretentiousness that you think goes with eating it.  But worry not, they have totally approachable treats like pork chops, salmon, pasta and salads but it's probably the best damn chops, salmon, pasta and salad you've ever had or at least in your top 3 best. They have a small plates menu that'll knock your socks off. And again it's approachable with things like quesadillas, fries, sliders and pie but like the dinner menu it's the best damn quesadilla you'll ever have. What I love is that with each course they have suggestions of the perfectly complimentary wine or beer pairing to really make it a true dining experience. You can't say this very often but this place has class. Class Vegas, class.
5	Outstanding food and the best restaurant to enjoy a beer pairing with each course. The craft beer sommelier is of the highest caliber.It's become a "must stop" on each visit to town.
5	My wife and I had an awesome time with my wife. The food was awesome and the drink selection was impressive. The service was great, we will be back!
4	Lovely place for a romantic restaurant off the strip. It's about a 15 minute car ride off the strip in an unassuming strip mall but def worth the drive. Menu is swanky, delicious and on Wed nights ladies dinner is half price (or it used to be)....scallops were divine, steaks heavenly. The only negative is that it's a small place so tables are close together. Ours was a foot from our neighbors and it felt like we were dining with them but it was not that big a deal. Def worth the visit!
2	The last time I dined here was for my father's 80th birthday in 2004 and I remember the food was flavorful. Last night, I returned w/my family to celebrate my brother's birthday and I was gravely disappointed! The evening specials did not deserve the word "special", while the risotto was soupy and the salad was limp & overdressed. Beef carpaccio-bland. The special fish entree, a pathetic thai attempt, was boring and unforgettable, as well as the pompano on the regular menu. Meat dishes were fine, but by nature are a no brainer. It pained me to give them several hundred $ of my hard earned money after this meal. I've never experienced such a poor meal at these prices, not even in my hometown of NYC. The saving grace was a helpful sommelier and lovely Katie, our server.
5	I have been going to Rosemary's for years. I have even been there for winemaker dinners. Rosemary's is the kind of place you should go to once a year or so. I really can't describe this place. Honestly, every high end restaurant I go into, I compare to this place. The location will throw you off. It is WAY off the strip. Which is great because you don't get the crazy bachelor/bachlorette party's.This is very much a local place. It is reputation is on word of mouth. I always say it is the place you take your secretary to if you don't want your wife to know. lol
5	Normally, at a restaurant like this I don't recommend steak.  Not that steak isn't good at top notch restaurants - but you can go to a steakhouse if you want steak.  Plenty of good options in Vegas.But - I have to recommend the steak here.  If you can get a ribeye or New York go for it!  They serve it with a wonderful sauce that I would have no idea how to make as I can't make out the flavors with my useless palette.  They used to serve this wonderful lemon cake but stopped making it.  Boo!   Love the breads they give you - especially the white chocolate roll.  Other top hits include the bbq shrimp and any soup.  I even had a turnip soup there last time that was super tasty.  Do yourself a favor and buy the gift cards they sell at Costco - you basically get like 20% off your meal right away.
5	Yeah, so far Las Vegas has a great track record with me! Giving out five-star reviews left and right. Well, I don't mean to sound like the girl who yelped wolf, but Rosemary's definitely, DEFINITELY deserves five stars.It's in a strip mall about 15 minutes away from the strip (first plus). The windows are tinted, almost black even, and you can't see inside from the outside. You walk in and it's this amazingly cozy, warm atmosphere, with servers dancing (not literally) around tables making everyone's evening as pleasant as possible.I came here with my husband, daughter, husband's boss and boss' family (wife and two kids, 17 and 7). While Rosemary's is by no means a "family" restaurant, they were extremely accommodating of our party. I've come to learn just how annoying it is to have babies in restaurants sometimes. Not like I didn't already know this...but I'm always more self-conscious of it now. The staff at Rosemary's acted like the kids were the guests of honor, which was so sweet. They even brought a silver cover for my meal so it wouldn't get cold when I had to tend to the little one away from the table. Very classy all around.I should mention that the restaurant offers two different prix-fixe options nightly (app/app/entree or app/entree/dessert) in lieu of paying per item. There was also an amuse bouche, which, as I think back to all my dining experiences, I've only had a handful of times, and signals to me a special restaurant that's really got its shit together.To start, I had the cauliflower soup. I know what you're thinking: what's the big deal? It was A BIG DEAL. Delicious, rich, like nobody ever thought cauliflower could be. Creamy, with a sprinkling of parmesan and a swirl of olive oil. Decadent, really!Then I had the salmon on a bed of lentils. It was cooked PERFECTLY medium-rare (and the server mentioned this is how it is normally done and asked if that was ok). It had a flavorful, crunchy crust that was not overwhelming and didn't detract from the joy of the fish itself. The lentils were dressed lightly in some kind of lemony deliciousness. Yep, a real culinary vocabulary I've got. Anyway, they were great. I also got a really great white wine that the waiter suggested I pair with these dishes. (Pairing recommendations are offered on the menu for each dish.) For dessert, I decided not to order something else to eat, but rather, a "fifth avenue" dessert cocktail, consisting of cream, apricot brandy, and creme de cacao. Wowza! That was strong and delicious. There were a bunch of other drink options available, and the desserts looked wonderful too.Overall, Rosemary's seems like a very well-kept secret, except that the word has apparently gotten out. Go for a special evening, go for a relaxed drink at the bar ... just go!
5	The wife and I ate at Rosemary's during a Vegas excursion for our 1 year wedding anniversary. It did not disappoint. It is wise to make reservations. Although it was a Tuesday, we witnessed a few couples walk in and were informed they could not be seated for at least an hour and a half. However, there is bar and small lounge area where you can enjoy a cocktail and appetizers while you wait to be seated. We dressed "business casual" but we did see some casually dressed diners. The service was excellent and the wait staff truly works as a team to ensure your dining experience is as pleasant as possible. The food was fantastic and our bill was about $120 (we each opted for the appetizer+entree+dessert prix fixe meal at $55 a piece). We used $100 in gift certificates that only cost $80 at Costco(in Summerlin or you can order them online). I highly recommend the Tasso Ham & Crawfish Risotto hot appetizer. Our entire meal was great, but this risotto dish was the star of the night along with the creamy mash potatoes (with kalamata olives) that accompanied my tasty rack of lamb. It was superb. My wife and I had expectations that were greatly exceeded. Additionally, ending the meal with the tart and refreshing lemon box dessert only escalated this dining experience. Certainly worth the money and drive as it is only minutes from the strip.
5	It was our first time at Rosemary's Restaurant.  We went on a recommendation from a "local" for an anniversary celebration.  It was awesome.  I did the Prix-Fixe menu of 2 starters and an entree.  My two starters were sweetbreads and a risotto of tasso ham and crayfish.  The entrees of the table were salmon, veal portershouse, lamb chop and beef tenderloin.  Lastly, the service was the best I've ever experienced at any restaurant.
4	Fine dining with excellent service. We went for the first time yesterday. Located in a strip mall, we were a bit wary. Once inside it was a different world. Service almost too good, the wait staffs attentiveness was almost uncomfortable. Almost. Food was wonderful as was our  servers wine and beer recomendations. Pricey at $60 a person for the 4 couse meal, but still a good value, especially for not having to walk through a smoky casino to have a upscale gourmet meal.
5	Thank you Rosemary's! Now I infuse my own rosemary infused vodka and shake into a chilled martini glass with goat cheese stuffed olives at home.Bless you! Thank you also for your industry, and ladie's night, and for the perfect first date destination.I love your veal porterhouse wrapped in prosciutto, your mashed potatoes with kalamata olive gems, and your somm is always on point for wine suggestions.
4	Visit date 3/21/11:So this is my fiance's favorite restaurant (ie: "the best meal I've ever had")  and we were there with our friends from France. One of whom is a chef. So I was hoping this would live up to his claims. We all were going to go for the prixe fix menu until we noticed that it may be cheaper to go a la carte. I was the only one who strayed and did three appetizers. I was going to get the scallops as a main but there was a special of scallops offered as an app and I was already afraid of having too much food. Looks like I was right because even ordering three starters overfilled me. Not a happy stuffed, but an uncomfortable stuffed. The little freebie desserts weren't even touched and went straight into a box for our table. We were all overfed and would've preferred smaller portions. For the food: Overall very nice but my scallop appetizer was a miss. It was too sweet with the sweet potatoes and not a good flavor pairing. The parmesan souffle was to die for. I ordered the mixed baby greens but was brought a different salad that was delicious, so no hard feelings. It had shallots that were so good I made everyone at the table try a bite (must re-create at home!). Fiance got the veal porterhouse and it was amazing. Perfectly cooked. The desserts that others ordered were passed around but everyone could only manage a bite or two being so full from the previous two courses. I wasn't too impressed with the desserts. Nothing memorable. The two dings against the restaurant... Our friends pointed out a couple of errors with the French that was written on menu/labels. I hope they get that fixed! The second was a lady's night where girls eat half off/ free. I thought our waitress was talking about something on the strip until I realized it was for this restaurant. Kinda left a bad taste in my mouth... why cheapen your fine establishment with... ladies night? Weird. Would I return? Absolutely. I would just order two courses though.
5	F@#!$%* Perfect.I've been here twice and this place is just absolutely incredible in every aspect.The food will WOW you and they have AMAZING beer on tap. You cannot beat the price or the amazing service!
4	The rib eye is really good.
5	We have been coming to Rosemary's for 8 years now and just when I thought it couldn't be better there, we had meals we thought were even better than ever.  My soup was a garlic parmesan with shaved chives, a special of the day.  Hubby had the scallops.  Both were excellent.For entrees I had the daily special of a salmon over risotto....melt in your mouth and creamy....made me moan with the tastes it evoked.  Hubby had a fantastic veal chop over swiss chard.  Dessert was also very good, but I prefer the quality and the uniqueness of the food rather than the sweet stuff.Waiters Joe and Matt were very helpful with information to guide our decision making as so many items sounded like what we would like.  Service overall was top notch....someone always there but without the hovering we have had in some places.  And on duty also was a very pleasant, helpful maitre'd.It's one of the few restaurants we have gone to in Las Vegas where the meal is memorable and we know we will continue to return.You can't beat the fixed price of $55 for 3 courses, especially when you will be getting top notch quality.  Comfortable seating, tables nicely spaced so it's not noisy.  Make recommendations to be sure of getting in.It's a pricey cab ride from the strip...about $30...but if you have a car, don't miss going to Rosemary's.Sorry I never wrote a yelp review all these 8 years, but after last night's meal I just had to submit my highest recommendation.
4	This place seems to be a local favorite. It's tucked away in a strip mall and about a 15 minute taxi ride down the strip. My husband and I were intrigued try this place out and we quickly became "Rosemary" fans. They have a nice bar area as you first walk in with high top seating options. We sat here before our table was ready and we were lucky enough to catch happy hour (which goes till 7). The restaurant has 2 different rooms for seating (both connected though a doorway). Depending upon your mood you may want to make a request as to which one you prefer. The dining area with the kitchen in it is definitely quite a bit noisier. The evening we went I somehow had a craving for pork. When our waiter told me that their "12 oz. double cut grilled pork chop" was his favorite I couldn't resist. It's the only item on the menu that has been consistently on the menu (since the restaurant opened 12 years ago.)  Even after I had the last bite I was still craving it.  My husband ordered the risotto starter and Tasso crusted salmon. Both were delicious. Entrees are pricey here ($37 range). They also offer a chef tasting menu ($80) and a fixed prix menu ($55). Service overall here was exceptonal until the very end. Once we received dessert the waiter neglected to clear our dishes. Despite that lack of attention still a good experience.
4	If you're willing to leave the Strip for great food, this is a wonderful option.  The chef started at Emeril's, and ran the Emeril's at the MGM Grand before starting their own place.  The food is outstanding, and the service is good.  The strip mall and the interior are ordinary.  A nice bonus is that they offer their recipes on a CD, and I've since made many of their dishes.  Try the white chocolate pecan rolls, and the shrimp with blue cheese cole slaw.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I have been going to try Rosemary's for quite awhile.  It's just down the street a few miles, but I never got around to it.  I recently got a gift certificate for Rosemary's as a result of an NPR donation so off I was to try it out.  I had spoken to a friend who's been here with his wife several times, and I decided to sit where he suggested.  When I arrived about 15 minutes early, I requested a seat at the rear food bar.  There is a counter that looks directly into the cooking area with the two grills and you can watch Leonard and Jason do their magic--along with the rest.I decided to do the 5 course tasting menu.  Smart idea--it was great.  I had two amuse-bouche--an eggplant caviar on a fried wonton and sauteed mushrooms.  The courses:First:  Duo of Tartars - Beef and salmon tartars.  The beef tartar was on a soft boiled egg, part on each egg half.  Very nice plating.Second:  Pan seared pompano on a bed of sauteed spinach.  This was the first time I had pompano and I was pleased with the taste of the pompano and I liked it a lot.Third:  Texas BBQ shrimp with Maytag blue cheese slaw.  Outstanding!  The combination of BBQ sauce with the blue cheese and slaw was amazing!Fourth:  Rack of Lamb over sauteed kale.  Another winner!  Perfect rare cooking for the lamb and very tasty.  I wanted to gnaw on the bones.Fifth:  Dessert - this was a trio of desserts - creme brulee, chocolate cake, and a beer float.  Since I had no alcohol, the server asked if I'd want root beer instead of the lambic beer they use and I chose the root beer.  The trio was quite tasty, especially the creme brulee.After dessert, I was brought some mignardises, a brownie,  a lemon square, and a peanut butter cookie.Service was impeccable.  Before my iced tea was finished, the server brought me a fresh glass when I had less than 1/3 left.  He asked me again later if I need another replacement and he was there in a few moments.Some of my friends from Yelp have mentioned the saltiness of some things.  I noticed that last night, but as a person to loves salt, it was not an issue for me.  You might want to be aware of this in advance.I have to say a word about my seating.  SInce I dined alone, this was just perfect.  I enjoyed watching the kitchen staff do their thing and it was great fun to watch the ballet of grilling, searing, sauteeing, and plating that took place before me.  Even if you were there with a significant other, it would be a good place to sit but not for a romantic dinner.This was a superb dinner--5 star all the way!  I will be back!
4	Good food, customer service and atmosphere.  We had been wanting to try this restaurant for a while, and finally stopped in for a nice dinner. (No excuse...we only live about 10 minutes away)  I don't remember what we ordered, but I know we weren't disappointed...and the dinner rolls they give you are so tasty.  I'm adding this place to the list of perfect off the strip locations for a nice evening dinner!
5	Excellent food.  Great service.I've been to Rosemary's twice in the last year, but that should be prefaced with the fact that I live in Honolulu, HI and have been to Vegas only twice in the last year.  Rosemary's has fast become part of my Vegas routine.Both times I was here, I opted for a three course dinner -  you can go with an appetizer, entree, and dessert for $55 or you can go two appetizers and an entree for $65.  In my most recent visit in May 2011, my date opted to go with the chef's tasting menu- a five course dinner coupled with either a glass of beer or wine per course which was approximately $120.  The option per the menu were either all beer or all wine, but the manager was very accomodating in letting us choose one or the other per course.  I love the fact that the menu includes a recommended beer and wine pairing, with the vast assortment of beers and wines available, the recommended pairings complemented the food very well.Notable standouts - the risotto, lamb, veal, and for dessert, the "adult" ice cream float (almond ice cream with rasberry beer) and creme brulee were excellent.  I'm getting excited just thinking about my next trip to Rosemary's...
5	One of the best meals ever!My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.  We both got the prix fixe courses, this is a list of both our food choices:Hugo's Texas BBQ Shrimp-Absolutely delicious!  Must try if you love blue cheese and bbq sauceMarinated Jumbo Asparagus-Good, like a fancy breakfast saladDuo of Tartars-Very good!  I didn't try the beef but the salmon was amazingMoroccan Spiced Sea Scallops-Perfectly cooked and seasonedNightly Special Beef Filet-Amazing! Chocolate Cream Pie-So good I will go back to Vegas just for this dessertIn addition to the fantastic meal we ordered, the staff brought us a few small dishes to taste, the first was a savory bread pudding that was excellent, and the second was a trio of desserts: lemon bars, mini peanut butter cookie bites and chocolate coconut bars which were all delicious (my favorite were the chocolate coconut bars).  Also, the portions were very generous which is not always the case with fine dining.  Our server, Thomas was super helpful and knowledgeable.  The bf and I are self proclaimed foodies and love to eat and we both agreed that Rosemary's was simply stellar.  We will definitely be going back!  Thanks for the great food and excellent service!
5	What in the world took me so long to find this place??? I can't believe all of this time I have overlooked this gem of a restaurant because of the location. It is in a strip mall shared by Marie Callendars after all. Upon the advice of friends and the reluctance to want to fight traffic and parking on the strip, I visited this fine establishment for my anniversary. We arrived early for our reservations and sat at the bar to get a drink. The dirty martini I ordered was spot on perfection! It wasn't too salty or too watered down, just strong and perfect. The bartender was so warm and friendly, asking us if it were our first time dining there. We told her yes and she started rattling off suggestions for our dinner. We ordered another drink each (since it was happy hour in the bar) and followed the hostess to our table. The service was impeccable! From the moment we sat down to the moment we left, the staff made us feel that they were only there to serve us, despite the busy dining room. The chefs, knowing it was our anniversary sent out various complimentary tastings. We were served a small portion of grits (yay! i love me some grits) with wild mushrooms and shaved cheese. It was mouth watering deliciousness. Next we got a vegetable bread pudding bite with a bell pepper jelly that was equally exceptional. The appetizers we ordered came out and the suggestion from the bartender held true- the BBQ shrimp were beyond comparison. The shrimp were grilled to the point of perfect doneness, the outside was crispy and the inside still moist and mild. The BBQ sauce itself was the star of the dish, it was tangy and sweet and spicy all at the same time- perfectly balanced flavor. Although the hubby wouldn't dare try the cole slaw, I was more than eager to relieve him of it. It was maytag blue cheese after all! It was so creamy and tart, a perfect complement to the tangy BBQ sauce and shrimp. I ordered the raw trio appetizer (sorry can't remember the name), beef tar-tar, ahi tuna and smoked salmon. The beef literally melted in my mouth with a blend of spices that harmonized with the rich raw meat. The smoked salmon had capers which I appreciated and the tuna was satisfying as well. For entrees we ordered 2 red meat options since we wanted to share and the hubby won't eat most fish or lamb. I ordered the Grilled Flank Steak w/Roasted Garlic Creamers, Crystal Fried Onion Crust, & Rosemary's Steak Sauce. At first I was disappointed that the rib eye wasn't on the menu that night because I am a BIG fan of rib eyes, however the flank steak swept any disappointment away after the first bite. The texture of the steak was soft and tender, the taste was heavenly. The sauce on this dish was again a star! The hubby got the Grilled Veal Porterhouse w/Swiss Chard, Caramelized Red Onions & Bourbon Green Peppercorn Sauce. The sauce on his was tasty too, but he much preferred the sauce from the flank steak. I liked the bitter swiss chard element on his plate, it provided a nice contrast to the buttery velvet veal. After our entrees the waiter brought out a complimentary dessert plate with 6 little bites of sweets. There was a lemon bar, a brownie and a buckeye. I cursed myself for giving up desserts for lent! My hubby got to enjoy them all by himself. Once he tried one of each he sat back and declared the buckeye was the best dessert he had ever eaten. He doesn't even like peanut butter, but was proclaiming his love for the little treat. He told me to try it, even though I had managed to make it almost to Easter without breaking my lent vows. I fought back the temptation and told him to go ahead and finish it, which he quickly obliged. The whole night he couldn't stop talking about that buckeye. After all was said and done, our bill came to about $130 with tip and we left on Cloud 9. I am in love with this restaurant and can't wait to go back and try all of there creations!
5	Oh my gosh. This is the best restaurant ever. We went for our first anniversary on the recommendation of friends of ours and were thrilled that we did. We chose the three course prixe fixe meal, which includes an appetizer, entree and dessert for each person. We started with amuse bouche, which is like a little pre-appetizer. It was a delicious vegetable cake with caramelized, diced, vinegar-y onions on top. It was delicious, the sweet, tart combination of the onion and the cake was fantastic. It was followed by another, grits with mushrooms which were fantastic. The grits were creamy and fine, not gritty at all, and the mushrooms were tender and savory. James opted for the bbq shrimp with blue cheese slaw for his appetizer and I went with the duo of tartars, salmon and beef. Both were fantastic. The entrees we chose were lamb chops (James) and seared scallops (me). My scallops were simple and fantastic, served with creamed potatoes and mushrooms in a light broth that added just enough flavour. For dessert, James went with the chocolate cream pie and I had the trio of sorbets (of which the blackberry was best). Our waiter also brought out a special dessert, with the words "Happy 1st Anniversary" written in chocolate along the edge. Our meal took about 2 hours, so plan to spend time there. We never felt rushed, and even though the restaurant was a bit loud, it still felt intimate and we had no trouble talking to each other. Our waiter was attentive, but never intrusive and always asked us if we were satisfied with out orders. I had the impression that had we not been, he would have offered a different choice. It was fantastic and a lovely end to our Vegas vacation. I would definitely send others there and I would come back in a heartbeat. It is expensive, but it is worth every penny; the whole experience is stellar and the food is magnificent.
3	This is a review of their small plates lounge menu.The Skinny: Poor execution ruins what could have been a great dish (2.5), service: impeccable even at the bar with lovely touches like an amuse bouche, bread service and mignardises (4) value: due to the poor execution, the bar food isn't something I'd return for... the prixe fixe is a better tasting meal overall (2).It pains me to no end to write this review.Here's the story: it's been a while since we've hit Rosemary's (too many restaurants, so little time) so we were excited when we saw that they were putting out a small plates menu for the lounge. So the hubs dutifully went to Costco and purchased their gift certificates ($100 for $79.99). It is pretty impossible to spend all of the money on one go (it's a lot of food), so we tried about 70% of their savory menu on two visits. (please check out the pics for info on individual menu items).The good - even though we were sitting at the bar, we received great service by the staff. It was also nice that they offered amuse bouches, bread service (love the still warm white chocolate pecan roll) as well as a small plate of mignardises (lemon bars are my favs). You simply do not get this kind of service at any other happy hour bar menu anywhere else.The bad and the ugly - the best thing on the menu were the things that required the least cooking (ie, the cheese plate and the deli meat plate). Given our past experiences here, I was surprised by the quality of dishes we tasted.From the poorly grilled scallop (burnt in places, lacking a nice golden crust) served with a flavourless quinoa to the odd duo of tartars (too many ingredients mixed into the dish made you lose the aroma of the beef and salmon - plus the hard boiled egg it was scooped in kind of overwhelmed the food), there is clearly an execution issue here. Their version of a croque madame was one huge soggy mess. The quesadilla was overly heavy due to the avocado and really needed some acidity to provide balance.In addition to the execution issues, there are also problems with how certain things were thought out. Who the hell wants to eat french fries shaved so thin that it's hard to eat even with a fork (plus, it loses it's crispiness quickly)? Or have a caesar salad crouton that is so big that you can't even get your mouth around let alone cut? Or a filet slider served overloaded with weird Asian flavoured pickles (I think the burger could potential receive signals from outer space) that don't go well with the burger at all?I wanted to really love their bar menu but it was nothing but a disappointment. If it was for the service alone, I'd give this place a four but unfortunately the food just didn't hold up to standards of the dining room. For that, Rosemary's gets a  3 starred review and removed from my Vegas Hit List.
1	Attempted to eat here based on some good reviews I read.  We arrived at 5pm and all but 5 tables were open, they would not seat us or allow us to sit in the bar area without a reservation.  They informed us that the next available reservation wasn't for 1.5 hours.  We didn't want to waste so much time after driving so far so we went elsewhere.  The staff was not kind and they have lost our business regardless of how good the food is.
2	Overrated. From the reviews it sounded like the perfect Birthday restaurant for my wife. It was OK at best. Lets start from the top.Place from the outside was not the typical fine dining restaurant, it's in a strip mall but I knew that from other reviews so didn't count that. Got seated right away with reservation, received menus and then sat there for 15 mins + after we closed them and put them on the side. Food: The gifts from the chef were a nice touch, they were good. Appetizers, the Risotto was good but heavy, the parm souffle was good as well but nothing special. Entree: Flank steak, I love flank steak because it has nice texture and flavor, this one has flavor but a little tough on certain parts, I cut my pieces against the grain but still a little chewy. Lamb chops: good but a couple of pieces had a lot of fat still on it which made it more gamey, I know I could of just trimmed it but it's fine dining... The mushrooms under the lamb was over buttered. So overall the food was good so 4 stars, the service was bad for fine dining standards though. The place is not big so how is it that the waiter seemed to be busy. He walked passed us a few times with his head in the clouds and ignored us. There is a waiter and his help but the waiter is the one for orders, checks, etc. He was not to be found for most of the night. Service was cold. Right before Dessert he asks " wasn't is someone's birthday" Yeah from the different color napkin my wife had and the person making sure she spelled my wife's name right, I assumed they would put her name on the dessert plate. Didn't happen, he probably forgot and did it last minute with a pre-done plate. Overall with all the options out there not worth it.
5	My wife and I had reservations here for our 10th anniversary. Our experience can be summed up by saying that of all the places I've dined, Rosemary's had by far and away the best service. While the service was out of this world (thanks, Thomas!), the food was nearly as good. The Texas BBQ shrimp is a must order - one of the best appetizers I've ever had. We also enjoyed the smoked duck and berry salad, Dijon crusted salmon, and flank steak. All were cooked perfectly and tasted sublime.One other note - They make their own flavored rum in house. If you are a rum drinker, do yourself a favor and give their menu a try!
5	This is a wonderful restaurant to try. Sometimes, it is good to get away from the Strip.Everything we had there was cooked to perfection and tasted wonderful. Nice staff was attentive to us during the meal. The  Wine Steward provided good advice for our wine selection that went well with our dinner that night.We had reservations on a Friday night and we were seated promptly. The restaurant was busy. We tried a scallop appetizer, crawfish risotto appetizer, scallops for dinner and prosciutto encrusted halibut. All the dishes were excellent. The scallops were seared just right to ensure a good silky  texture to the center and sweet flavor. The risotto just got better with each bite as the broth was absorbed into the rice.  The halibut steak was perfectly white and a rather large portion.
5	Came here for a pre-wedding dinner with a large group. The service was excellent. The waitstaff knew exactly what we all had ordered and never once had to ask "who had this dish?" They endured our long stay as we closed the restaurant for the evening.The food was excellent. We enjoyed the tasty bites the chef prepared for us prior to our main meal orders and the little dessert squares after (not to mention the dessert we ordered).I ordered the rack of lamb with mashed potatoes and kalamatta olives. My husband ordered the milk-fed veal. Both our dishes were well cooked and tender. Others at the table ordered the pompano, scallops, bbq shrimp, and more. Everyone enjoyed the meal and we all walked out of there thoroughly stuffed.As we were getting ready to leave, we noticed a sign stating that bottles of wine are 1/2 price on Sundays. Just may have to come back some time when visiting and enjoy that special. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants a superb/gourmet meal off the strip.
5	Always try to get here when in Vegas.  It never disappoints.  I had carpaccio, halibut & flourless choc cake.  Everything beautifully prepared w great accompaniments. My honey's meal- risotto, scallops & coconut caramel bread pud also stellar.  Best service in Vegas- bar none.The menu is prix fixe but don't let that deter you.  You won't get finer Northern Italian food anywhere in Vegas and the prices are reasonable for the quality etc.
4	Heard great reviews about this place from a co-worker..its her and her husband's favorite place to dine in vegas so I thought I'd go check it out..she was right about how great this place was! Reasonable price for exceptional food..My boyfriend and I both got the pre-fixe (1 appetizer, entree and dessert). He ordered a belgium beer and I got a pineapple mojito (yum!)..some of the drinks at the bar were i think 50% off during happy hour times..also it was ladies night (wednesday) so my dinner was 50% off which you really can't go wrong with! The staff was very attentive as they asked if we had any allergies or any foods that we did not enjoy-which i thought was a thoughtful question.Before we got our appetizers, the staff brought out an amuse bouche which looked like a small quiche..my bf got nervous that this was the size of the meals..silly boy haha..it was quite yummy! they also give you complimentary bread, a potato roll and a chocolate roll..both delicious-i prefered the chocolate roll, the potato roll was a bit too salty but was still great. For my appetizer, i ordered the bbq shrimp and maytag coleslaw and my bf ordered the veal sweetbreads..i loved the shrimp, it was delicious..and usually i'm not a big fan of bbq sauce but this had a bit of tang to it which really complemented the blue cheese maytag coleslaw..my bf ordered the veal sweetbreads and I was not a fan of the taste or texture..he liked it so i guess at least one of us enjoyed it.For the main entree, i ordered the rack of lamb and my bf had ordered the duck confit..we were both getting super full from the appetizers (pretty big portions) that i could only eat one piece of lamb..i really enjoyed it as it was on top of a bed of quinoa and veggies..my bf enjoyed his duck confit as well..For dessert, i ordered the coconut bread pudding and my bf ordered the banana cheesecake..we were both so stuffed from the meals that we only had a few bites as it was also accompanied by 3 assortment of cookies..the desserts were okay, if i had the choice, i wouldn't of ordered the dessert again but hey, to each their own.This restaurant was great, even though like everyone has said, its in such a random location quite far from the strip..The only reason I put a 4 out of 5 was because of dessert as well as it being quite far from the strip..it was about a $37 cab ride including tip which almost came out to a meal in it of itself..if it were closer or you have a car, i would definitely recommend it more. Overall, great service, good food, good experience!
5	The last time I wrote a review about Rosemary's was 2009.  We just went there last week, and once again had an incredible meal. This time we brought 7 other people, and they all loved their meals. The staff was as warm and as attentive as before.  All plates were served at the same time, so serving 9 people warranted a great attention to timing and detail.The chef provided two amuse bouches and some small bite desserts at the end of the meal.  I had the lamb chops and they were delicious--a friend also ordered them cooked differently, and both plates were cooked exactly as ordered.  We all ordered a variety of dishes and we tried one another's and they were all so tasty.  The caring waitstaff and the lovely food made this once again an amazing evening.  The next day I received a phone call from the manager asking how was our dining experience.Such attention to detail! We'll come back again and again.
5	I have dined at fine restaurants all over the west coast and there is no competition for total package.  The service is classy and precise and the food and wine pairings are great. On our last visit we had the pork chops and it is hard to make a pork chop (that thick) any more perfect than these. On one of our last two visits, I arranged for a special dinner for my father. I chose a fixed menu and allowed them to pair the wine (or beer if he chose beer).  My father really only likes a limited amount of wine and yet he was blown away by how perfectly the wines chosen complimented each course. A few days after we had been there, they even called to make sure we had a great time. Thank you Rosemary's! PS this place presents like a hidden gem, tucked away in a so-so shopping center. I don't get the draped fabric across the ceiling, but it is a warm and cozy environment.
5	Sad News.... Looking forward to my second visit here since May of 2010....I called today for reservations and was told they closed for good.Very sad... awesome place!
4	Went there to use one of the three $50 gift certificates I bought at Costco years ago.  Doors closed...looked on the internet and they are out of business.  Bummer.
1	So okay...another restaurant to fall apart.  I am so bummed.  I am even more bummed since I bought a whole bunch of gift certificates at costco this year that I haven't had a chance to use...so what am I gonna do with them?  Recycle?  Any ideas?
5	Rosemary's was an amazing restaurant and it will be missed. It was not cheap but well worth the price. Their scallops were the best I have ever had...pretty much anything I have ever had here was amazing! Luckily I was able to eat here several times over the years before it closed!
5	Closed...Sniff Sniff. I couldn't afford to be a regular here, but I would have been there every week if I could afford it. Sorry to read of this closure. This was the best service combined with great food that I have ever enjoyed...and I have (in spite of a tight budget) eaten at a lot of high-end restaurants over the years. Thank you for the amazing service during my father's birthday dinner. It was very special and he still talks about it with everyone he knows to this day, months later. That takes some doing.
3	Yes, this place is in a strip mall, but don't be fulled. It is classy inside and should be
5	I will miss you! This place was AWESOME. Off the strip so prices coincided with quality and quantity of food. some hit and miss menu items but crawfish risotta is absolute CRACK! and lamb with kalmatta olive mash....freaking DOPE! Alas another great establishment bites the dust...its always the good ones that go first.
5	Quite honestly our favorite restaurant - so sorry to hear moved - did they relocate? Frank & Lori Hakspiel San Antonio, Texas
4	I came here back in April.  I was about to write a review--i know, better late than never--and found out that they closed!!!  what happened?!I remember that the food was good and the service was exceptional.  I had one of those Costco gift cards, which made the deal even sweeter.
5	tragic to learn of the closing. Been eating here for 10+ years. Where will we get BBQ Shrimp with Maytag Blue Cheese Cole Slaw?!?!?!?!
5	This is a post mortem review just to say how awesome that place was. I am french, and came to that place last november, during my trip to vegas. While I wasn't overwhelmed bt lv, that place blew my mind. So far way from the prevention of most LV's restaurants. The food was delicious. Each plate was accompanied with an incredible sauce. And the service was I M P E C C A B L E (http://youtu.be/k7EeYQ_MbOM?t=25s). The waiters would wait in a perfect line out of the kitchen, one plate in hand, and once all the plate of the table were ready they would all go at once. I also remember my waiter being extremely polite, almost too much, and the thing was pretty funny because the place itself wasn't in an 5 star hotel (it was actually in a middle of a suburban mall).I really open those guys are gonna do a follow up to that place, because I have been rethinking  a lot about this experience ever since I went there, and couldn't wait to go again.
5	Like others, I'm writing a post-mortem tribute to one of my favorite restaurants in the world.My husband and I first went to Rosemary's on our honeymoon in 2001. We've been there on every trip to LV since, and we also went to the second restaurant they had at the Rio for a while. Every  visit was a delight.Michael and Wendy, as someone who recently closed a restaurant (and is in the process of selling a second one) my heart goes out to you.  Know that you are missed, and that  I (and many many others, I'm sure) am monitoring the internet to see what you have in store for us next.~~A fan from Texas
5	Was just thinking about a trip to vegas, thinking I'd hit up Rosemary's Restaurant and am very sad to hear they have closed.  This was my hidden treasure in Vegas...and now...I don't know.  Maybe I'll go to Hawaii instead.
5	5 stars for the obama comment on the door soooooooo sad they had to close their doors!!
5	It's coming up on a year since Chef Michael Jordan closed Rosemary's, and I still cannot deal with it.I wished I'd joined Yelp before they closed because I would've rated them 10/10.This restaurant WAS that wonderful.Coming to Las Vegas with the GF is always fun but it only became magical when we came to eat here. The Jordan's food was spectacular and tasty, and the service here was the best we'd ever seen.My favorite dish was actually one of their appetizers, the Salmon Tartar with Saffron Aioli. Flavor exploded when you took a bite. Even the GF went "WOW" when I told her to take a bite. The second time we came there, I ordered two servings for myself. Glutton (but a happy one!).I was lucky to have the GF order their cookbook "Food of Love" for my birthday, and Chef Michael autographed it for me with a personalized "Happy Birthday" message. I have attempted to duplicate their Salmon Tartar many times but it was never quite as beautiful as their version was.Note: Food of Love is available for the Nook and I believe on the iTunes bookstore as well. Get it! Cook to your heart's content, people.Sad fact: Two vacations ago in September 2011, the GF and I happened to be driving by the mall where Rosemary's used to be and we both looked in their direction. Their sign was still up at the time even though they were closed, and it broke our hearts.If you Google "Rosemary's Restaurant closed" and read the comments that are associated with the articles, the word "tragic" is usually associated with it. This restaurant made eating good food fun. It was a delight to have been a part of their story.I miss this restaurant with all of my heart... and I always will.Another note: It appears that Chef Michael is now teaching at the Seattle Central Community College. I don't know how accurate that is, but they list him as one of the instructors at their Seattle Culinary Academy (http://seattlecentral.edu/seattleculinary/faculty.php). If this is the case, I'm hoping that he and his wife, Wendy, open a new restaurant soon.Chefs Michael and Wendy: If you're reading this... your customers miss you.
5	How disappointed I was to hear that the best restaurant in Vegas closed its doors forever.  When I ask myself, what is the best thing I've ever eaten?  I immediately answer...everything from Rosemary's.I've purchased the Rosemary's cookbook "Food of Love" and tried to duplicate some of the recipes.  A feew successfully, others, not so.  But knowing how much time, energy, and detail went into each and every one of their dishes, I completely understand why it was so amazing.  What I cannot understand is why they closed. Until Michael and Wendy grace Las Vegas with their talents once more, I will begrudgingly patronize one of the overpriced and played out celebrity chef locations when I visit Vegas.  C'est la vie.
5	Hang on if you're reading this!They're coming back!!! And closer to the Strip and Downtown than ever before!!!http://www.lasvegasweekly.com/news/2012/sep/07/rosemarys-restaurant-returns-planned-downtown-cafe/ETA: 2014 (but I hope much sooner)This was the greatest restaurant I've ever been to. And to hear that Chef Jordan is returning is wonderful.This has got to be the best news I've gotten all year.
4	What can I say about this place... Food was good, but it didn't blow me away.  We order the prie fixe menu. Which I thought was really nice. It comes w/ an entree  and two options you can choose from and you can mix your options (appetizer,desserts).
5	Haven't heard a peep about the new Rosemary's. Anyone know anything????Just got back from Vegas and our trips just aren't the same without Rosemary's.
