5	I have been following the owner, Trisha for four years since I moved to Arizona and she finally has her own place! I have driven miles and miles to get my nails done chasing her around. I do because she the best!  Sure I can go to the local place around the corner but why risk quality and health.  I have never seen her cut corners when it comes to sanitization which is super important especially when you see lots of interesting feet. I recommend an appointment.  They do walk ins but only 3 of the 5 staff do acrylics.  There is an abundance of gel selections, like 300 colors (no joke).  She also has these special glittery tips...a young lady was getting them put on while I was there and they were pretty spectacular. An interesting new invention her husband came up with are these giant shower caps that they line the basins with. I thought that was a great idea.They did a lovely job renovating the salon from the previous business. Give them a try! I know you will not be disappointed.  My favorite part about Trisha is I she is not shy to tell you when you are about to use a bad nail polish color. She rocks!Good luck Trisha. See you in a couple of weeks!
5	I have followed Trish the new owner of the salon the last few years. She is the best and her team and shop are amazing. It is clean, spa like and extremely professional.  If you are looking for a true spa experience in a full service nail salon and need a place to escape reality for a little while,  this is it! Stop by and check it out, you won't regret it!
5	Trish is the first and only nail tech I have had since moving to Chandler. I am in the spa industry and can honestly say her technical and artistic skills are some of the best I have experienced. She is also caring, appreciative and accommodating. I have followed her to various salons she has worked at- she is that good. She now has her own salon and it will definitely be an incredible quality and relaxing  experience for all clients. Try it and I am confident you too will be a loyal follower!
5	Looking for a place to get mani and I was glad I found this place. The staff were very courteous and friendly. I had a gel mani and the manicurist was really good and I was very satisfied with the end product. I will definitely come back in a couple of weeks!
5	I absolutely love this nail salon!! With the new ownership, you will get great customer service, quality nails and a VERY clean environment. Try it! I'm sure you will be happy too ;)
5	Very happy my daughter and I walked in 35 minutes before they closed.  I asked if they had time for 2 pedicures and they were more than willing.  My daughter is 12. Her pedicure was $15 with flowers.  I picked the middle package which was $26 + $5 for my flowers. Very clean!
1	I had been going to cloud9 since the beginning of the new management in 2014. I am a loyal customer and have always been pleased with my services, the friendly staff and management. I went in today, to get my acrylic nails removed and have gels put on. As soon as I sat down I informed the nail tech I wanted him to soak my nails instead of attempting to rip the acrylics off (I have done this before and it has been painful and would have rather sat for longer than be in pain. He disregarded what I asked and after he hurt me twice, I firmly said, "I need you to soak my nails." It took them forever. The man ended up going to the back and  a woman took over.I ended up getting a pedicure, at the woman's suggestion, while I uncomfortably soaked my nails in a single bowl of acetone. The pedicure was rushed because three walk-ins arrived right after she started the pedicure process and there were only two people working, including the lady that was doing my pedicure. When she went to put on the temporary flip flops, she wiped off some of the paint on my big toe. She painted over it quickly which left a bump of paint on my toe. After my pedicure, she proceeded to take off my nails, I told her I no longer wanted to get the gel manicure because I didn't have time. From then on her whole demeanor changed, she rushed getting my acrylics taken off, didn't file them down (they are completely uneven and there was even hanging nails) and asked me to pay. I told her my displeasure how I have never had an experience like this. I handed her my card as I was telling her, she slid it and I told her This is a service I wouldn't pay for, I could've done this myself. She told me she wouldn't charge my card and cancelled the transaction. I later got a notification of my card being charged $37 (for the nail removal and pedicure). I called Iimmediately. I told her I wanted to speak to the manager (who previously was Trisha; I was speaking to the new manager Kathy), that my card shouldn't have been charged and I want a refund. She responded by saying, "I don't have money to refund you, I just spent all that time with you." I told her that she charged my card without authorization, and she said "You come back In and I fix for you." I responded by saying I don't have time to come back in for you to fix it, nor will I come back in and have you mediocrely "fix" my nails which you ruined in the first place. She apologized and said "Happy New Year" as I told her I woll be disputing the charge with my bank. Save yourself the time, don't come here. In 2015 it was wonderful, but the new management has ruined it, not mention they charge cards when they said they wouldn't.  If I could give 0 stars, I would.
1	Probably one of the worst nail experiences I have had.  Went there thinking it was Pink Gel Nails (what it was previously called when I visited last), but it is now a new business called Cloud9. I wanted a fill.  They look horrible.  The lady couldn't even paint my nails nice.   I told her I didn't like it, and she didn't even bother to fix it.  It's so bad I need to go get my nails redone.  Don't go here. Trust me.  I've been getting my nails done for 15+ years.  This place suuuuuckkkkkssssss.  I can do a better manicure for you!
