4	Stopped by just to check them out earlier this week.  This is a family owned business, not one of the megadealers.  The staff was friendly and helpful and there was several dozen bikes on the showroom floor.
1	Service Dept needs better management.  Dropped of bike for saddle bag installation & waited 3 days for update on it.  Finally i called them.  After 1 ride of about 60 miles, the bolts were loose! Overpriced bikes & poor service dept
5	After shopping around at most of the shops in town .none of who would call back..From Tempe to Peoria....I ended up taking my bike to Coyote Honda in Avondale...even though I had a Kawasaki ...they still worked on it...Fast service ...Competitive pricing.Great communication.... if you need work done this is the place to take it to....
1	Run for your life!!!  I needed to have so much stuff done to my bike when I had it towed in, needless to say they screwed it up so bad I have to have it towed elsewhere.  They have no idea what their doing.  The gas tank rusted so they took care of that, but only removed part of the rust.  The cleaned my carb....not, the carb was never touch...but I paid for all the service they refused to correct, and they paid triple the $$$ to get it drive able.  I bought my bike from them and have been treated like shit since.  Give your business to someone you can return to, stay clear of these clowns,,,fat momma with the food stained shit might come out and yell at ya....if she can put the fork down.
3	I brought my Honda in because my turn signals wern't working. The mechanic opened up the switch and said he could make contact but it needs replacement ($160) plus labor. I took it home opened it up and sprayed some contact cleaner in it. It was just dirty and works great. I think they could have cleaned it and sent me on my way. I would then have rated them 5 stars. I'm not sure if I would bring my bike back for any repairs again, but i will say that they do have a nice showroom with a huge selection of bikes as weel as some decent priced accessories. Also, the staff is quite friendly and very helpful.
5	Been shopping for a new bike, looking at many different types, styles from Touring to Sport. Requested quotes from Coyote Honda on a couple different bikes, got them in one day, I was at the dealership the next day and Kris the sales manager helped me out, I ended up with a different bike than I requested quotes on, a 2013 Goldwing F6B. I asked for a OTD price and was satisfied with it, bought it. Some dealerships you can spend hours getting out the door, I was in and out in no time, and was not pressured into purchasing worthless extended warranties or service plans. The dealership has moved from 107TH ave to an old automobile dealership along the Papago Freeway, just around the corner from where they once were. Dealership was clean, had a good selection of Honda motorcycles, fast friendly experience. I'm very pleased with my overall experience.
2	Bought a used bike from them a couple months ago. Wouldn't let me test drive and offered no warranty. Even 5 days would be good to check it out. But trusted them as an established dealer and bought on faith. The bike runs rough when cold and they said they had cleaned the carbs but I'm beginning to doubt that. Later discovered a leaking front fork, dry rotted tire and bad chain. I should have checked closer when buying but i trusted them that it was in excellent condition. Nothing i can do but complain.Anyways, I asked if they could get me an owners manual. They said yeah. no problem. A couple weeks go by and i call again. They said it would take a while cuz it has to come all the way from Detroit. (Detroit builds honda motorcycles?) I know you can snail mail something from there to here in 5-10 business days. After 2 months i call again. He asks what year that was and he'll call me back. after 3 days and no call back i try calling them. No answer. Tried the next day no answer. I think they're gone.I also wanted to buy a luggage rack. They asked what kind of sissy bar i had. Could be cobra could be Honda. I didn't know so they asked me to bring it in. I did. They looked at it and couldn't determine. (why did they ask me to bring it in?) I asked to just order one and if it didn't fit i 'd just return it. They said they'd have to charge a restocking fee of $15.Come on people. These are trivial things and it shouldn't be this hard!!!
1	Waited 3 months for a part to get the bike on the road after a crash (not necessarily the dealer's fault).  Was notified on Wednesday, November 27 that the part was in.  Brought the bike in and got it fixed and picked it up on November 29....their LAST DAY IN BUSINESS.  Apparently they sold their franchise to a place in Goodyear.  Trouble is there were a few issues on the bike repair but now I'm stuck!
