1	I was recommended to this store by my contractor during an extensive remodel and addition of our Scottsdale home.  When I arrived, the female front desk staff were friendly and helpful.I found a large 10 ft. iron front entry door at a 'steal' of a price. My sales rep (Carla) was there to answer all of my questions. Since the door was a floor model, I had a few things I needed to know before I purchased the iron door.Question #1- Was the door complete?Answer- YESQuestion #2- Was there any damage or was anything missing? Anything I needed to know?Answer-NOQuestions #3-Was there a deadbolt and keys with the door?Answer- YesCarla mentioned that there were a few 'nicks' in the iron painted finish and would send the door out with touch up paint kit.I purchased the door on a Thursday and mentioned that my contractor had an iron door specialist to install it.  "Oh no...." Carla said, "You should use our door installer. If anything happens, we guarantee the work."  So, I agreed to use Unique building Concepts door installer. He was to install the door the following Monday. When he arrived with the door, it was missing the deadbolt & keys, the bottom sweep and the touch up paint kit. I immediately called Unique and asked to speak to Carla. She was busy and I was on hold for quite some time before she finally picked up. She told me that the door installer picked up the door too  early and they could not get the door ready for me in time. (5 days after purchase wasnt enough time??  But she blamed the installer)  Carla told me that I could get a sweep fairly cheep and the deadbolt wasnt too expensive either so not to worry! She promised to mail the touch up paint.  Wow! I thought....thats a bunch of crap! I was told the door was complete! Now your telling me to run out and take care of this stuff myself?  I mentioned to Carla that she was my sales person and she told me that the door was intact. She then told me that the owner wasnt going to help me because "I got such a good deal on the door" and her hands were tied.  Well, after installation, my contractor came over to inspect the door. The 10 ft door had half of its mounting brackets hack-sawed off by their professional door installer!The brackets were left lying on the ground on my front porch area.  He said the door was not safe to have installed that way and we all scratched our heads wondering why he removed half of the brackets?   Again, I called Unique building to speak with Carla but this time she would not take my calls. In fact, I had to call several times, over several days to get her to speak with me. (She never once called me back after I left messages and again blamed someone else in the office for this error.) When I told her about the poor installation job and how my contractor said it isnt installed safely and would not pass permits or codes, she basically said...  "Well, youll have to talk to the installer. He said its just fine, so thats between you and him!"  What happened to my guarantee with using their installer??!  Well, their installer refused to do anything different, so I had to hire a new door guy to weld the brackets back on and re-install the door. After the new installer put the deabolt on, he informed me that the door did not line up with the jam. Hence the reason no deadbolt was on the door to begin with. So, my new guy had to re-drill the jam as well.  Bottom line, they sold faulty products under false pretense and lied about everything.   To make matters worse, the owners of this business thinks it is all fine and dandy to run his business this way!  My contractor actually cancelled his account with Unique after this shady dealing because he was so appalled at their behavior.  Bad, Bad, Bad Customer Service. They were the biggest nightmare of my building and remodel!!
5	As a design professional, I work with UBC on a constant basis. They are always able to find me any product that I need and they get it to me at the best price. They are great to work with and extremely helpful. Their mosaic and travertine selection and pricing can't be beat.
4	Great design and materials shop for flooring and backsplash materials!  They manufacture many of their own products.  They will sell directly to the public, but not at the same low prices their contractor customers get.  Ask for their "preferred contractor" list if you need an installer.They have 2 design consultants on hand and my wife and I found them to be very helpful and friendly in planning our backsplash design.  We went home with several samples and ended up having our installer purchase our materials there.The store has a pretty good selection of products on display, but isn't as big as a few of the other design shops out there, thus the 4 star rating.Still, would highly recommend UBC.
