1	Smug, clickish and attitude. If you can get around that...you'll probably get a fine haircut.
5	Excellent service, artistic, relaxing setting. Hair Klaudt is the best.Karl Klaudt has been taking care of my friends and family for over 25 years. He and his team (hi Tony!) are always professional. Their hospitality is second to none - in addition to being experts in cut, color and style.It's like having your hair done by an artist, which is fitting since the salon supports local artists by featuring their work in an on-site art gallery. Understand: this is not a "supercuts". Hair Klaudt understand individual needs and gets it right the first time. Don't trust your hair to amateurs!Hair Klaudt is the best, accept no substitutes.
5	A friend recommended Tony @ Hair Klaudt and I am forever indebted! He gave me such a fun, edgy cut for this 30-something mom of 3! I felt instantly younger. Went back the next day to highlight my virgin (*gasp*) hair. He was so great about walking me through the process, helping me decide. Love the result! Can't wait to go back. The team at Hair Klaudt is warm, hospitable, fun, welcoming, and crazy talented!
5	I've been to salons all over Charlotte (it seems). Aveda, Hair Color Experts, Cutting Image...I could get one (great cut) but not the other (great coloring) or neither and some places took forever to complete the job (I only have med. length hair). A friend suggested Patrick at Hair Klaudt- and I took a chance. He did a fantastic job!!! The setting is definitely relaxing and the eclectic decor reminded me of shops in my home town (Baltimore). And....the price was super reasonable!!! I find that some other salons go overboard when pricing their services, especially for the outcome. I've made another appt. with Patrick and plan to go again and again. Try it out, you won't be dissapointed!
5	I am a stylist at Hair Klaudt and am responding to Joseph M's review. At the time his review was written there were only two people that worked at the salon(the owner Karl and myself). His station was and still is at the back of the salon and mine was and still is at the front of the salon. Karl is generally busy from beginning of the day to the end of the day with only an hour for lunch at which time he leaves. I am busy 75% of the time. Seeing that Hair Klaudt was a two man salon at the time I don't see how we could have been clickish, smug, or even have attitude.  Anyone that knows either of us in the slightest knows that we are far from any of those things. In the area that we are located there are a total of 3 salons. One of which we are directly upstairs. I have to wonder if we were confused with the salon on the first floor?I have gone back through our records around that time and for 3 months prior and post to not find anyone with the name of the person with the complaint. We do take things like this to heart and if anyone ever has an issue please don't hesitate to bring it to our attention.Thanks Tony
5	I have lived in Charlotte for sixteen years and have jumped around from hair salon to hair salon many times but I don't think I've been to a salon I loved as much as Hair Klaudt.  Other salons charge a lot for just a haircut, and I have very short hair, and most of the time the cut doesn't turn out the way I want it to.  I find Hair Klaudt's prices quite reasonable, especially since I always love how my hair turns out.  Hair Klaudt also has an enthusiastic, hospitable, easy to talk to staff and it feels like they want you to be there, and to talk to you.  And if you're tired of the usual salon decor Hair Klaudt is a nice change of pace with a more alternative look to the place.  I recommend Patrick, he's the best!
5	This place is fantastic. I moved to Charlotte from Atlanta last year and was looking for a new stylist to give me my annual permanent and a cut.  ( I like curly hair, what can I say?) I struck out at the first salon I tried, which shall not be named, and decided to wait a few months to try a different place. Fast forward 9 months. I called Hair Klaudt based solely on their website which looks totally different from any other salons in the area. Truthfully, though, the deciding factor was the bios of their stylists. They seemed experienced and creative. I went today and am writing this because I was so impressed. Doug did my permanent and cut and I can truthfully say that it is probably the best haircut/permanent I've ever had anywhere. And, I've been getting these done for a long time. He listened to what I wanted before starting, asked me questions, made suggestions and approached it as both an artist and a professional. This is a small, kind of eclectic shop with only 4 or 5 stylists. I disagree strongly with the previous reviewer on here that said the shop was "cliquish." The owner, Karl, came over when I was sitting there and chatted to me before taking his own client. Hair Klaudt has a friendly, fun, but professional attitude. Most importantly - they kick ass when it comes to hair styling. And, really, isn't that the thing that's most important? Can't wait to go back.
5	Bradley is just fantastic! Not only did he do an amazing job on my hair, but he's a good person and will keep you laughing. The salon is easy to get to and they go the extra mile.
