5	Excellent!  Great menu selection, love the ambiance and the drinks rock!  My new favorite on Market Street.
5	We had been awaiting the opening of this after watching the slow crash and burn of the former wine bar. We were hoping for a fresh new spot, with great service and a more extensive wine and food menu. The Living Room delivered! We stopped in last Friday night for a glass of wine and were shocked that there was a wait! They were able to squeeze us in the packed patio and we were able to enjoy our drinks there. Live DJ on the weekends is a nice touch. Service was good....needs some work but I will chalk it up to it being new and them working the kinks out! Hoping to try out some food next visit!
4	They REALLY need to take reservations! I called four days ago for a Bday party and they would not accommodate ahead of time. Now sitting here WAITING. But luckily, it wasn't that long and they did give us a nice patio table.
5	Amazing place; love it!
5	Amazing wine bar. Really great wine selection and food.  This is the perfect place to meet girlfriends for drinks.  Really casual environment and the best music selection on the weekends. The service is really good. This place is a must go!
3	We were big fans of Armitage and were anxious to see how The Living Room would stack up.  We've now been there 3 times.  Love the decor, fun menu, and decent wines by the glass.  The only complaint is that last night the music level was so high that our waiter couldn't hear us and vice versa.  Our table of 4 (inside) had to shout to hear one another  and ended up having to have two one-on-one conversations since a discussion involving all four of us was impossible.  I love a place with good music and the song selection here was cool, but the volume was WAY over the top and it ruined the ambiance.  Fix that and we'll be back every week.
4	I'm a fan of the Living Room in Chandler and this new location did not disappoint! The menu is the same as far as I can tell, and the interior is similarly inviting.  There is a HUGE patio, however I chose to eat inside since it was pretty chilly outside. Unfortunately it was just as cold inside...Considering I was the only person in there on a Saturday at lunch time, perhaps it would bode well for them to offer an early happy hour or lunch specials...or perhaps the word just hasn't gotten out yet.  I didn't love Armitage, but hopefully the Living Room will succeed here.
5	This place has become my ultimate favorite place to go out on the weekends! I love the set up! So chill yet full of energy! The service was amazing! The food..omg! Best place for your once a week cheat meall! Its kind of the new cool lounge to be at in North Scottsdale.
2	I hadn't been here since the other wine bar closed down.  The Living Room did a great remodel and the place is very stylish and energetic with an upscale feel.The spinach-artichoke dip and the cheeseburger sliders made for some tasty share-able appetizers.Where things went south was at the bar.  I ordered a Union Jack IPA and the female bartender charged me $7 instead of the $6 that was listed on the menu.  She said they round up after tax.  Well tax in Scottsdale is 7.95% so my drink should have been $6.48 and rounding up to $7 is a blatant ripoff.  I'm not sure if she is just a rogue bartender or there is a problem here with management.There's a lot to like about this place but keep a close eye out for bartenders lining their pockets at your expense.
5	RECOMMEND: we have heard how much fun The Living Room is, so we decided to pop in and see for ourselves. They remodeled the inside and it now looks and feels nothing like the previous wine bar. The vibe and energy are great. This type of spot is welcomed up north and they should be very successful here. The staff is friendly, especially Steven the manager. Cool guy. We grabbed a couple of seats at the bar. I love how they have seats "behind the bar".  The drinks are good and not a cup full of ice. I decided to order something to nosh on and selected the meat and cheese plate. Nice selection of meat and cheeses to choose from. We especially liked the fact that they were playing the UFC fight on TV. We will be back!
2	What a disappointment!  We went to check it out, we sat at one end of the bar where it looks like a large common table.  We had a margarita and a blueberry lemon drop.  Yuck, their well liquor must be the worst I have ever had. I imagine that is what gasoline would taste like.  We could not finish those drinks.  We decided to cut our loses and leave.
5	Great atmosphere! Our waiter suggested a really good Spanish Red Wine that went great with my Traditional and Italian Bruschetta. The French fries and the chocolate fondue for dessert is the perfect night topper! A DJ came on and played some 90's and Top 40's hits. This is a great place for a girls night.
5	First visit on a Sunday afternoon. Great wine  and apps and live acoustic music - cozy pub atmosphere. Manager David greeted us personally and made some recommendations. We will be back!
5	Such an awesome environment! Cool vibe, great service, awesome happy hour prices and Mikey is the best!!!! :)
5	I came across this place recently and it's now my primary local bar. The atmosphere and ambience of this place really sucked me in.  I'm not a fan of big crowds or loud bars, and while this place gets crowded at night you can generally enjoy a nice glass of wine before the rush at happy hour. Definitely a more sophisticated and professional clientele.  See Major League Baseball and PGA tour players here a lot.  Can't go wrong pairing the Liberty School Cabernet with The Mediterranean Board appetizer. Cheers!
3	It was an interesting evening.  It does have great ambience.  Bartenders (ladies) were not very friendly - they did their job, not saying they were bad - just not fun, when you normally visit a place.  Food was good - a bit pricey.  Happy Hour Wine was priced very well.  Introduced myself as a Concierge and, believe me, we can (or not), send a lot of people to restaurant venues and Manager could have cared less.  It was an ok evening but not at the top of my list.  We were at Flemings on Monday and it was a lot nicer.
