4	What can I write about Target that everyone doesn't already know?  The "chic" alternative to Walmart, Shopko or Kmart, Target is a one-stop shop for personal care, housewares, food, toys, and on and on.  This location was recently remodeled and now boasts a Starbucks and full pharmacy.  Oh, and a liquor aisle.  Oh Target, all grown up now, aren't we...? (takes a swig)For some reason, whenever I go to Target to pick up a few things, I end up spending $50--what the hell did I buy?  I don't know.  If you do venture out to "Tar-zhay," go during a weeknight--weekends can be soul-crushing.  Oh, and listen up single dudes--Target seems to be crawling with ladies of the female variety.  Perhaps true love is around the corner from the Bounty paper towels...
5	I know... it's Target, but it's got pretty much everything you need short of a butcher shop and babysitters. Staff is very helpful... it also houses the closest Starbucks to my home. Since we're talking about 2 miles, that's a bit sad, but oh well..
3	It's Target.....get your shop on!
4	This Target is a good one. Usually pretty well-stocked for things you need and the more recent mid-sized grocery section usually has a decent amount of stuff when you're in need of this or that and already at Target. One downside is that they usually could use a few more cashiers up front when things are busy. I've often had to wait a bit longer than seems reasonable to pay for a purchase.
2	The Mrs. went to get a blender there today. The unit she wanted was not available in a box ready for purchase, only had one on the display shelf. She asked for help. The reply from boy-flunky: "oh, they are in the back and hard to find'. Gee, could you be any more motivated? He relented and returned with negative results. Bet he looked real hard. Come on. Any you wonder why American brick and mortar commerce is failing. We are shopping on Amazon tonight.
5	It's Target, how can you go wrong?!?I have never had any complaints with this location. It's clean, convenient, and has an ok grocery section. The check-out lines can be a bit long, but they seem to be good about calling for extra cashiers when it's really busy.The one time we were looking for something and they didn't have enough of them in stock, they called the nearby Sun Prairie location and arranged it so that our order was waiting at that store when we arrived to purchase it. Very satisfied!
5	This is an actual conversation that took place in lane 11 one dreary Tuesday in October. BONNIE(Looks at six 8 1/2 X11 certificate frames with paper inside that reads "Certificate Of Excellence") Alright, alright, alright... looks like someone has some congratulating to do, am I right?!COREYActually I'm using them at an event next week, I'm printing menus and signage for this event and putting them in these frames then propping them up on tables for guests to read.BONNIEOh shoot! That's incredible, just incredible. You see that on Pinterest or something? COREYNope. I just sort of thought of it. BONNIEWell you are something, really something. Who thinks I'm going to take this frame and it's going to be a menu. That's... that's just really wild! Bonnie makes Kristen Wiig's Target Lady look lame. She's a friggin' hoot! I hope she's not seasonal because I'm at Target two to seven days a week and I hope her cheery demeanor and inquisitive nature continue well past the holiday season. The only thing that would have made my visit better, is if Bonnie busted out from behind her register and hoofed it to the home section to pick up a stack of frames for herself. I can almost hear her...BONNIEI'm having my friend Betsy over for brunch Saturday and I'm going flatten leaves and put them in these frames with our afternoon menu that I'm going to write out in cinnamon stick!
3	It's a Target. Step foot in one, and you've stepped foot in them all.- Not a Super Target+ Has larger selection of goods than most "plain" Target stores- Laid out in "reverse" of most other Targets- Smallish kitchen goods area- Light on men's grooming supplies (shampoo, etc)+ Plenty of cashiers working during busier times+ Plenty of parking spots- Weird maze of a parking lot
