3	An OK choice if you are in a rush to see KA (speaking of... see my review of KA).  The food is good... not great.  I had gnocchi which was little to write home about...  not that it was bad... just not great.  We started with the waiter recommended "POLIPO" (a citrus grilled octopus green olive "Olivada" with roasted peppers).  It was a pretty good choice (4 tentacles were served which is good to share for 2 but would be a bit small for 4).  The sauce was a bit too much of a tangy red tomato sauce and the octopus had a grilled taste to it.  Good but, not great.The portions are a decent size if you grab a salad or app before the main course.  Our waiter pushed us to add a side, so we did (we added.... Broccoli Rabe).  It was very tasty but too much food unless you are starving.  The Broccoli Rabe which is made w/ a cream, white wine sauce, ham, Broccoli Rabe, onion and maybe even pine nuts... could be a bit overwhelming  if you get a very creamy main course dish (like the gnocchi) but, it was good in any case.  Oh yea... for those who are not fans of Broccoli... it isn't your traditional broccoli... it is leafy and not stalky.We didn't do desert, so I can't speak to that.  The service was great.  We noted our rush and they took our order and got us out in ~45min.  Prices were OK... not cheap (which Vegas never is any more) and not insane (which Vegas it now).  We got out of there for $120 (w/ 20% tip) for 1app, 2 dinners and 2 drinks.  Overall an OK to Good place for a quality quick dinner.
4	Great Las Vegas DiningFiamma is what Las Vegas dining should be. Elegant, Hip, Fun, and just good food overall.  The ambiance here is straight out of a James Bond movie. The lighting and astmoshpere are done just right. The service quality here is top notch. Made reservations and was seated right away. All of the foods had excellent plating and service quality. Most of the food portions was enough for two. The one thing I would recommend is getting the Tartoffal for all you chocolate lovers. This is a great spot to come to especially before going to see KA.  Prices are on the high side averaging about $70/per person.  But I've been to places that are far more expense and would say that's about on par for Vegas.Overall Fiamma is one of the fine examples of how a resturant can offer good quality without a Celeb Chef headlining the place.
5	Fiamma is a really good place to eat.  The prices arent bad at all.  If you go be sure to try the black truffle potatos its so good.  For appetizers we had the calamari, aragosta (lobster and mushrooms) and mozzarella.  For our entries we had the spaghetti with kobe meat balls, short ribs, and the special of the night, seafood pasta.  All were excellent.The service is great, they made very good suggestions on what to order.  They even have someone standing close by to make sure to fill our glasses when our beverages got low.One of my favorite places at the MGM.
5	Never did cheese taste this good in my life. this is some of the best damn italian food ive ever had the pleasure of putting in my mouth--an i AM italian. fantastic vino selection , service was impeccable. Shout out to David (server)! Who cares about decor when Sylvester Stallone was sitting right behind me. An italian icon dude. Brawn over brains baby. fair warning: be ready to bust out some bills
5	I think this is my fav restaurant in Vegas.  This is the second time I've eaten here and I was not disappointed.  My favorite is the gnocchi, and I know my gnocchi.  I think the truffle oil is the perfect touch and the portions are the right size.    My friend had the short rib raviolini that were just little bites of heaven.  I asked for my panna cotta with strawberries instead of the figs, and they were more than happy to do it. One of the nice things about Fiamma is that it's well priced for a Las Vegas restaurant.  I thought the service was good, food was great, decor nice.  Just an overall great place to enjoy some food.
5	Of all the places we at over the 3 days, this was my favorite!  The service was just fine, but the food.....de-li-cious!  Steak ravioli?  Good!  Sausage fettuccini? Good!  Cesar salad?  Good!  Pricey, but soooo worth it!  The ambiance was nice as well.
5	I purposely stay at the Signature MGM so I can walk to this restaurant. I have eaten here countless times and have yet to have anything that was not amazing! I try to always get the same 2 servers, they know me now and I don't even have to order.
5	Not cheap, but the food was very good. We had POGLOSSO the oven roasted halibut and NODINO the veal porterhouse steak and shared an order of ARANCINE the Kobe beef appetizer.  Every dish was wonderful.  They didn't offer a kid's menu, that hurt our budget.  Our kids ordered POLLO a roasted organic chicken dish and the spaghetti with Kobe beef meatballs from the regular menu.  I was told they were very good though I have not stolen from my kids' plates.The ambiance and service was nice too.  Other dishes sent to the next table looked very appetizing too, but we didn't have room for more.  Perhaps next time.
5	Strange, came here on a whim after not having reservations anywhere in Vegas, and being extremely hungry at 8:30pm, which would have been peak hours. Guess I was lucky that night. Come to think of it, I was. I made $475 at roulette that night. Asked for a table for 3 - and immediate seating, right along the outer wall, so that we could people watch. No bad experience with 45 minute waits, or being rejected for seating. Strange group of people sifting through Vegas at those hours.Ordered a carpaccio, and a special rib-eye steak pasta.My girlfriend ordered the Calamari and Fusilli pasta, with proscuitto, peas, and truffle butter.Carpaccio - Not sure what to expect. Quite good, peppery with the peppercorns, arugula. Felt like it was missing some dressing, however. Parmesan Regianno was a bit overpowering. Seasoned mushrooms on top of the carpaccio was a good touch though.Calamari - Excellent consistency and seasoning. Not overpoweringly salty, tender calamari, but crispy batter on outside. Slight lime flavoring to accompany the taste. Basil aioli was a bit excessive, but nicely placed on the side, so completely optional. Fried pepperoncini also was quite good, made me want to eat it even though I'm not a fan of milder peppers in general.Rib-eye pasta - A very heavy pasta, using Radiatore pasta, with rib-eye steak and caramelized onions. Rib-eye was a bit overdone, in my opinion. Did not seem as tender, and did not take advantage of the natural marbling of typical rib-eye. May not have been the best cut. However, flavoring was excellent. Very hearty, like a stew. Good for a warmer day, though in Vegas, that never happens.Fusilli - Brilliant pasta dish. Although, it's not hard to mess up this one. Simple Fusilli con Piselli e Proscuitto. Though tasted so rich, likely due to truffle butter. Mmm. Truffle butter.Service was a bit weird. We had another over-excited waiter. Edged on creepy. Though he was there when we needed him, and very witty for the times - I believe he took us to be a young crowd, and adapted accordingly.5 stars - Excellent food - and reasonable prices. -1 for overcooked ribeye in pasta. +1 for immediate seating. +2 for excellent tender and yet crispy calamari (probably some of the best I've had), and truffle butter.
3	We waited until the last minute to get in to a restaurant on a Friday night around 9 pm.  Shibayu and Craftsteak were packed so we headed to Fiamma.  It started off well.  The wine was good, the bread was yummy and our insalata was good.  That was where the good dining experience ended.  Our waitress disappeared forever, the people who were seated after us were served food long before we ever saw our waitress.  When the food came, it was obvious it had been reheated since someone forgot to bring it out to us.  I wasn't impressed by the food at all.  It was ok but nothing to write home about.
3	Had to eat a late dinner and Fiamma was open.  The menu is pricey, but the food was pretty tasty.  I think everyone in our party of 5 were happy with their orders.  Felt a little pressure to order more food though...With all the choices in Vegas, I don't think I would return, but if you happen to be at the MGM, I'd definitely recommend this place over Craftsteak which is right nextdoor.
5	Overall a great dining experience.  Party of 4 with reservations with a good table and great service.  Wine list is extensive and expensive.  We brought a good central coast Viognier in and the corkage was $35.00.  Wish we had brought the other bottle of wine with us and just forked out the 2nd corkage fee because we ordered a $60.00 bottle of an Italian Red...2002 Sangiovese I think and it was horrid.  With such great food, having some good wine can make all the difference and if it means bringing in something reliable, then do it....most of the decent wine is probably at least about $100/bottle although there are  bottles which are cheaper...and I guess you get what you pay for.Anyways, more importantly, the food.  Really addicting bread with olive oil, different rustic great taste.  Ordered two appetizers for our party to share....not sure what the ladies had but the guys shared the grilled octopus which was fabulous, touch of sweetness and cooked to perfection.  Couldn't help but sop up some of the juices with the bread.For dinner I had the lobster gnocchi which was phenomenal.  I took my time to savor every bite.  Everyone else was extremely pleased with their meals as well. Didn't have room for dessert but they brought out these little pumpkin cheesecake bites or something...can't remember exactly what they were but they had that sweet pumpkin spice flavor.  We thought the dress was business casual, but you can wear nice jeans with a nice dress shirt...and we were told that dress shorts would have been okay too.  Definitely will return when I'm in Vegas and will bring a couple of good bottles of wine....maybe three bottles.  ;-)
3	The waiter didn't like fish.  So he recommended anything but the fish.  WTF?  Obviously biased.  But my ears are full of fat and listened to him and ordered the Rigitoni.  Boring and not very exciting.  The manatee is more entertaining.  The grilled octpus appetizer, however, saved this place from 2 stars.  This was ridiculous good.  It was nice and soft and had the texture of halibut.  It was very good.  We ate here for the convience and my friends are skinny.  They don't know how to eat.  There are too many good restaurants in Vegas for me to even consider returning here.  I would have rather gone to Emerils.  But definitely not Craftsteak because Tom Collichio sucks.
4	I went here once with a group and I must say that everyone left happy.  We hung out in their bar/lounge on oddly shaped couches for a bit while our table was getting ready.  Before I had time to order a drink, the table was ready, though the bar did look cool.  The menu isnt very large, but virtually all of it looked good.  In the end I shared the the kobe beef appetizer and had the lobster gnocchi, which alot of people also ordered.   The qulaity of the kobe beef was good and the sauce definitely added to the flavor.  The lobster gnocchi was in a rich cream sauce and everyone concurred that it was excellent.  Someone ordered the beef ribs which fall right off the bone, so I'll have to come back and try that.  The meals were so filling and heavy that no one could order desert. The prices were definitely reasonable by Vegas standards and I will definitely return to try other items and their deserts.
5	One of the best meals of my life. In fact, if I remember I over ate so much that night I actually had an out of body experience. Instead of an apple just stuff a big wad of black truffle potatoes in my mouth. I'm done.This restaurant was recommended to me by George Carlin. Yes, THE George Carlin, so we scooted over there one night and were seated promptly. The prices are what you'd expect for the Strip but I hadn't heard anything about the executive chef, so I wasn't expecting to have my taste buds be punched with flavor. KO.I had the Manzo that was cooked perfectly with a side of black truffle potatoes served in an all-clad pot. My wife had the lobster Gnocchi, which she talked about for days after.I had some coffee with dessert, which they brought out in a french press. Nice touch and great eye opener.I have been back several times.
3	To be honest I could take it or leave it. Maybe I am spoiled by the amazing Italian food you get in SF, but this really just didn't cut it for me. The fusilli was so rich that it almost lacked any flavor. To an unspoiled pallet it is probably very good, but it just didn't do it for me. I think I would rather pay a little more somewhere else for something truly amazing.Food aside, the staff was great and fast. We only had an our to eat and we pretty much had a 3 course meal in that time. I also loved the cocktails, a great martini selection. But still they were $14 a pop. I know, I know it's Vegas. But at least it was a healthy poor.
3	This was my 2nd time to this restaurant. The service is very friendly here and came by often to see if we need anything.I started my meal with the mixed salad and it was delicious. I had a pasta dish and it was really good to start. After taking a few bites, I found the cream sauce to be too rich.
5	Loved this place, had the lobster gnocchi here and totally fell in love with it.  Normally gnocchi for me is comfort italian food because it is so simple and hard to mess up, but the gnocchi here was phenomenal, it had such an amazing amount of flavor.  For starters i had the calamari and sample the mozzarella from my friends plate, the former was very typical and nothing really great, the mozzarella on the other hand tasted like it was made minutes before i arrived and that the tomatoes were flown in that evening and placed onto my place.  I loved this place and we also got a free dessert from our server, so overall it was a great experience.  For 4 people, the bill was a few above 200.
5	After having a more then horrible expereince at the now closed Fiamma outlet here in Scottsdale, I was very paranoid about trying this place. Thye menu sounded so yummy I couldnt resist plus with a 25 buck dining credit, well at least it was discounted if it was bad.Nothing could have been further from what happened here. Bright attentive wait staff.. super yummy well prepared and well presented food. Oh we had 5 apps and 2 entree's.. oh yeah.. portion size was good and the flavors were clean and accessible.  I will certainly go back and pay full price!
4	4.5 stars for Fiamma. I'd heard good things from a trusted foodie, and read all my fellow Yelper's reviews. I went here for my bday dinner celebration with 13 people. We waited for our table in a lounge area near the bar with an glass encased fireplace and modern couches. Had a lime martini - first one was pretty good and light on the simple syrup. The second one, not so much. Way too sweet, but was easily fixed by the bartender.Fiamma has the multiple server thing going on, almost to the point of confusion. Hmmm who should we ask for drinks, food...??? We were presented with the "bottled" or "still" water question, to which my sister stupidly said "still." For a table of 13, imagine the number of dollars, ca-ching! The table bread was odd for an Italian restaurant, it was closer to an Indian naan. It was good, but just odd. The menu had so many great sounding choices, it was hard to pick! What 3 of us decided on:RAVIOLINIShort Rib Ravioli, Barbera WineImported Pecorino Romano SPAGHETTIFresh Cut Chitarra SpaghettiKobe Meatballs, San Marzano Pomodoro AGNOLOTTIPiemonte Ravioli, Imported Bufala RicottaSpinach, Crushed Pomodori Pelati Yum, yum, and yum. We sampled each other's food. Spaghetti was definitely homemade. Raviolini was great. The Agnolotti was what I ordered and it was my favorite. Being a cheeseaholic, I loved of this dish. We got two birthday desserts but that was disappointing. I'd ordered the CIOCCOLATO: triple chocolate cake, godiva ganache, white chocolate gelato, berry gelatina, but it never made its way to the table. Instead they delivered the CROCHETTE: crispy amaretti doughnuts, chocolate ganache, dolce di latte, cinnamon glaze, which I definitely could have left. I wasn't even hungry come dessert time, but I thought it was on the house for the birthday and I figured I'd share it.  Alas, they charged for the desserts. Ridiculous even though I hadn't even wanted those little chocolate donut holes (which were not amazing at all). But after some coaxing, the server (rightfully) removed the charge. Next time, I shall get my Cicollato!!!
5	First off, this place is totally not my style. The bf and I decided to live it up for the weekend. The food was pricey but amazing!! I ordered the Gnocchi with Sauted Lobster, Baby Portobello, Roasted Leeks, Black Truffle Crema....INCREDIBLE!Good portions, Great flavors, Nice atmosphere.
3	food is ok.  a little to much salt and butter in most of my dishes.  the pulipo was the best part of the meal.  staff is young and inattentive.
4	I went here with a couple of coworkers on the last night of a weeklong business trip to Vegas (which, incidentally, is about four days longer than anyone needs to be in Vegas, ever).  It was about 9:00 on a Wednesday night, and there were only a few other parties in the restaurant, so we got our server Gabriel's undivided and extremely dedicated attention, which was especially appreciated because I was being a serious pain in the behind.  A charming serious pain in the behind, but still.To start, the three of us split the calamari appetizer.  It was perfectly fried and came with the most phenomenal basil aioli for dipping.  Entrees were slightly more complicated.  I normally have this rule where I will under no circumstances order the same thing as any of my dining companions.  I wanted the the seafood risotto, but I also sort of wanted the lobster gnocchi, and I also also sort of wanted the short ribs.   After a few minutes of consideration, I went with the risotto - no big deal, until our server came back moments later to inform my coworker that for one reason or another her chicken dish was going to take considerably longer than expected.  So she switched to the risotto, and I subsequently felt the need to debate my other options aloud for several moments before getting over it and sticking with my original choice.  I mean, it was a business dinner.  It wasn't like we were going to be eating off one another's plates (which, incidentally, is the entire motivation behind my no-duplicate-ordering philosophy).  Sadly, the risotto was just okay.  It was a little too al dente for my liking and the lobster was woefully overcooked.  My coworker who ordered it loved it though, so either she got the good one or else I've just got me one high-maintenance palate.  I'm betting on the latter.Dessert was the most impressive part of the meal by far.  The following day was one of my coworker's birthday, and we must have offhandedly mentioned it at some point during the meal while our waiter was in earshot, because he came over with her dessert all specially plated with Happy Birthday drizzled on the plate in chocolate sauce.  It was really thoughtful.  I ordered the gelato.  They have a list of several options, from which you pick three  - I don't remember specifically what they were, but they were all phenomenal and the scoops were huge.  Then, as we were wrapping up our sweets, our waiter came back over with three glasses on Limoncello, on the house, and VIP passes to Studio 54.  It was really one of the most impressively attentive service experiences I've had in a restaurant in my life.  Not to mention, he was cute.  Like really really cute.  Like my coworkers were teasing me, all "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, cute.  Just saying.So - 3 stars for the food, 5+ stars for the service.
1	Horrible to the point of inedible food and tiny portions (the cardinal sin of an Italian restaurant) made this the worst meal we had the whole time we were in Vegas.  The service was extremely slow and the wine list was limited.
5	PERFECT.This was one of the most enjoyable meals I have ever had.  The table layout in the restaurant is delightful, the restaurant has a very cool vibe, the service was phenomenal, the menu was loaded with incredible choices, and the food is absolutely perfectly balanced and executed.  We ordered the seafood risotto and the gnocchi.  Both were the best we had ever eaten.  The server and the overall service was perfect...literally, nothing you could find wrong.Fiamma is the kind of restaurant where you remember the flavors of the food for life and you will have a meal memory--remembering exactly how the restaurant felt, who you were with, the server, etc...
5	oh man...I give myself a big pat on the back and an applaud for choosing to eat here for dinner with my bf.  Italian is not his first choice but he loved it!! woo hooo score!Here's my breakdown...Location/decor:  Considering the restaurant opens up to MGM's busy walkway, I was impressed we didn't hear the hustle and bustle of the passerbys.  The restaurant was dim and decorated with strange and artsy lighting...very romantic.  Service:  Phenomenal.  Attentive Food:ooh la la.  The portions were just right. I trusted my fellow yelpers and ordered the melt in your mouth lobster gnocchi and boy was I more than satisfied.   They weren't stingy with the lobster either!  The calamari was alright, I've tasted better.  BUT you canNOT leave this restaurant without ordering the Kobe Beef risotto cake!!!!! (extra exclamation!)  Writing about this make me sad bc  I can only get this in vegas.  sooo sin city anyone?????
5	Updating with a secondary visit - still 5 stars in my book.Ordered the braised short rib this time. Freaking amazing. The short rib pretty much was separable with a fork only. The combination of the short rib, potato puree, root vegetables and saucing made it just so good. Was the envy of the table's dishes.In addition, they added shaved horseradish (not grated into a pulp, but actually shaved) on top of the actual short rib. So good.Calamari was consistent. Ordered that again this time. Still just as good.Pasta was still quite good as well, though some of the selections are a bit more heavy than I remembered last time. Lot of stuff with cheese, truffle oil, butter sauces, etc etc. Scary.
5	To those yelpers who say you have to be an unsophisticated eater to enjoy this place:  pbthhhh!  I consider myself a knowledgeable and picky eater, and Fiamma was RAPTURE.  We decided to go for the tasting menu of two appetizers, three entrees, two desserts, assuming we'd get cute little portions.  Since we loved the sound of the entire menu, this afforded a chance to try a bit more of things, and for $60 a person, seemed fair.  We had cesear salad, carpaccio, seafood risotto, rigatoni with an amazing ragu, and the shortrib, plus a chocolately dessert and a cheesecakey dessert.The flavors were sublime.  Complex, deep flavors, with nice twists (like a bit of mushroom on the carpaccio).  Everything was cooked perfectly (including perfect al dente pasta) and presented wonderfully.  A subtle hint of lemon in the risotto, the layered seasonings on the short rib, everything to perfection.The service was good--we told them we were in a hurry and they had no issue serving us quickly, but made it feel unrushed.  And the portions--lordie--we THOUGHT this was a tasting menu, with small portions, but I am pretty sure we had full servings of everything.  We had late night dessert and lunch the next day, and still had more leftovers.  Fiamma served up the best ratio of quantity to quality I've ever seen.I feel Fiamma is perfect for a special occassion, but fine for a more casual night out, good for a romantic dinner, or good for friends or business.  It can be hard to find a restaurant with such a flexible style, especially in Vegas.I REALLY wish Fiamma was here in the bay area, it would be a regular haunt.
5	The food at Fiamma is AMAZING.  It's rich and beautifully prepared.  If you like Italian then this is the place.  Try sharing the pre-fixe three-course dinner, which is a great way to try a little of everything.  I highly recommend it and would go back in a heartbeat.
4	The food is amazing and ambience is awesome. The portions were so good that neither myself or my hubby could finish our dishes. The hubby ordered the linguine which had prawns, spinach and bacon in a garlic butter sauce...his dish was absolutely delicious, mine was really good but his was amazing!!! I ordered the risotto which had lobster, shrimp and scallops in a cheesy sauce. It was amazing but once I tasted my hubby's dish I realized that his was much more flavorful. It was definitely worth our money. With two meals we spent $75 so it is a little pricey but well worth it.
4	I've dined here many times and enjoyed the food each time.  I do believe the restaurant is family owned, just by the variety, recipes and staff.  The restaurant menu is actually Italian/American cuisine.  If you want prime rib, pork, seafood and a caesar salad, you can have it here and be assured it will be as good of a choice as the Italian offerings. I usually go Italian, only because it is why I am there.  I need to get more adventurous.  The linguine with the king crab and crispy leeks with lemon butter sauce is so good!  My husband always enoys the "traditional" spahgetti and Kobe meatballs.Service is great and decor is spectacular.  They have the largest wine list I have ever seen and a huge variety of cocktails.  This is one sexy restaurant.
5	I wouldn't bother writing this since I went once and probably won't be going back anytime soon BUT! I was really impressed with their service and felt that they should be recognized for helping a girl out. I slightly freaked out when I saw the menu because everything had meat/cheese in it but when I asked the waiter if the fresh pastas had egg in them, he discreetly asked what my dietary restrictions were and went back to see what the chef could arrange as a vegan option. I very much enjoyed the salad and special veggie risotto and absolutely LOVED the polite, professional, and discreet way our server handled the situation so as to ensure a wonderful dining experience for everyone at the table. Great vibe, great location, great food, great service! Only quip is that you have to exit the restaurant and use the hotel bathroom.
5	This place is amazing. I went there alone and sat at the bar. The menu was good, I wasn't disappointed in anything I ordered. I'd recommend going for at least one of the specials of the day here...they don't hold back. Great ambiance, very laid back and easy to be in. Surprisingly not packed at all immediatley following a Cirque performance.Since I was sitting at the bar, i got to talk to some bartenders. Not only were the bartenders incredibly friendly, funny, and easy to talk to (a super plus, especially if you are going alone), but they mix up mean drinks, and can give great recommendations on the menu. Ask the bartender with a sweet ass cuff (Kerry) about it. He makes them himself. When I complimented him on it, he took measurements off my wrist and made one for me (which I just picked up from him today). I mean seriously, when is the last time you ever got talking to a bartender that well just on your first visit?? I also met this real hottie from LA and we got to chattin and drinkin and going out to another place after and ... I love Vegas.
4	Beautiful restaurant with some very nice lighting and good music to put you in the mood for a night out on the town! The best dish was the lobster gnocchi... My goodness, I would fly back just for this dish! Scallops were also tasty (and a nice serving size).Our server could've been a little more attentive but other than that... A truly delicious meal-- I'll be back!
4	The interior is really beautifully designed, the staff is pretty nice, and the food is great.  I do think it's a bit more expensive than it should be... but that's pretty much standard in Vegas.  I have eaten here twice now, and the first time they gave me grief for taking a photo in it so it can't be a 5 star (they wanted me to buy a photo of the interior... come on people you SURVIVE on tourism).
4	This is the place I took my parents during their visit to Vegas. And yummy!!! When I read these reviews I was happy that most loved this place. Go eat and enjoy.
4	We went to Fiamma for my boyfriend's birthday and let me just say, our experience was fantastic!  The calamari appetizer was so good, i almost considered ordering another one.  But the deliciousness didn't end there.  The short rib ravioli was even better - if that's possible.  I mean, the flavor was so perfect, we really wished we had just ordered two of that.  We did enjoy the sateed prawns and the insalata, but they both paled in comparison to the first two dishes.  If we hasn't lost all our money gambling, we would have definitely gone back for another helping!  On another note, the staff was very attentive without being intrusive and the whole atmosphere and experience was classy and comfortable.  Definitely a nice place for a reasonably priced romantic meal.
4	I went to Fiamma with a group for my sister's birthday.  I chose the restaurant based on the wonderful reviews on yelp.  Upon walking in I knew I would love it... the decor was absolutely charming.  High class, yet comfortable....inviting, warm and chic.  The server was outstanding.  We asked a lot of questions about a few dishes, and he was very knowledgeable about each dish.  We each ordered something different so we could have a taste of everything.  I ordered the lobster gnocchi VERY HESITANTLY considering I hate seafood.  What drew me to the dish was the description: homemade gnocchi with a truffle brown butter sauce... yum!  TRUFFLES!!!! I went on a limb and ordered it, hoping the lobster wasn't too overpowering.  It was AMAZING.  The lobster was soooo good!!!!  The gnocchi melted in my mouth and I could taste the truffles.  It was perfect.  I almost licked my plate.  Every ingredient in all of our dishes was fresh, homemade and plentiful.  We loved it.  Be prepared to spend a few bucks, as the prices are a bit up there, but not too bad!
4	Totally swank place but not snooty at all. Very nice super attentive waiter who was kind enough to check my I.D. and make me feel all young 'n shit.The crispy garlic fried potato thing? Outta this world good. Seriously. And served in a cute little metal measuring type cup. It's the little things that amuse me.My spaghetti and Kobe beef meatballs were excellent, a perfect portion size and just oh so yummy. If memory serves, the BFF got some piece of pork that was pretty good but nearly as big as her head so it was impossible to finish. No dessert for us since we were stuffed to the gills but our fantastic waiter brought us some little chocolate truffles anyway, woo!On the pricey side but I would say worth it for the quality of food, service and ambience and again, this is Vegas. We did get a discount though since we were staying at the MGM.
3	Excited about the reviews that this place had gotten, my friends and I decided to try this out as our "fancy restaurant" in Vegas.  The ambiance was very nice, and I think the ingredients they used were definitely high quality.  But somehow, just didn't quite roll off my tongue like I would've liked.I started off with the Arancine (beef risotto cake), and while the beef combined with the sauce were delicious, I was not a fan of the fried risotto.  The risotto lost the richness of its flavor, while the fried-ness was just not quite as delicious as say, on a fried chicken or fried okra.  The tomato-based sauce was splendid, however.  For my entree I got the short rib raviolini. Now, I must caveat that I was disappointed with this entree because there were mushrooms (truffles I believe) in my raviolini, and I do not like mushrooms.  However, the menu didn't SAY that there would be mushrooms, and I believe that the flavor was strong enough that it should've been warned of.  With that sad, I also tried the gnocchi, the linguine, and the rigatoni.  The rigatoni was the best out of the bite that I had... overall the entrees were pretty good, but the mushroom flavored overwhelmed my taste buds a bit and I wasn't able to enjoy the rest quite as much.While this place was reasonably good, I would definitely recommend Circo at the Bellagio over this.  Prices there were comparable from what I remember (went a few months ago), but the pastas were far more delectable.
3	went here for restaurant week. lets just say i enjoyed craftsteak a lot more. i don't know much about fiamma except that it is pretty famous in new york and it has pretty tasty italian food. menu:antipasto:calamari- quite greasy, but the fried pepperoncino was quite tastycarpaccio- had flecks of trufffle, which is the only reason why i finished this dishsecondi:chicken, polenta, asparagus- dry, flavorless, and the definition of what hotel food isrisotto with lobster, scallop, shrimp- yum! this is the only thing that filled my stomach up that nightrigatoni bolognese, parmigiano creme- to much sauce and too much cheese cream :Pdolci:blackberry swirl cheese cakechocolate mousse - both of these are not italian desserts. this is obviously coming out of the mgm pastry kitchen and not the restaurant kitchen. uninspired, laziness. i know this restaurant can be better.
5	Glory of GOD, I've died and gone to heaven...again! Recently, I visited Fiamma for my fourth time and even though I had a fever of 103 and was hacking my brains out, it still was a five star experience for me. The service is excellent, I never wanted for anything for more than a few seconds before it was promptly brought to the table. The bartender even poured us a complimentary round of a nice-er champagne because it was my boyfriend's birthday. This last time I visited we had a party of 8 (most of who were 45 minutes late) and when everyone got there, we were immediately seated without trouble even though we were past our reservations by almost an hour on a Saturday night. Now on to the food... I had the lobster gnocchi which is as decadent and indulgent as it gets (it's pretty heavy).  The gnocchi are the prefect texture and together with the lobster just melt in your mouth. Other dishes at the table were the Fillet... super tender and juicy and served with an awesome potato side, the small rib-eye and lobster which I was told was divine, and my favorite (I might or might not have had several bites) was the Nodino... a veal shank in a Cabernet mushroom sauce. The veal was succulent and flavorful and the mushrooms were to die for. The ambiance is really cool too. Nice bar/waiting area with a big roaring glass fireplace and leather couches and cubes. There is a nice amber-colored glow for lighting and deep espresso wood to break up the restaurant. Very different and very calming. All in all, this is definitely one of my favorite Vegas haunts and I highly recommend testing it out next time you want to venture to the MGM.
4	We really enjoyed this meal. I started out with a salad and the main course was the linguini with prawns.  The pasta is homemade and you can taste the difference.  My wife had a ravioli dish that she loved.  It was a success.
4	Circumstances have taken me to Vegas once a month for the last four months. No, circumstances do not include a gambling addiction. Anyway, the last two times I stayed at the MGM Grand and ate at Fiamma. Overall, a great dining experience both times. Great ambiance, great food, and great service. Reasonable prices too. I'm not sure I'd make a special trip to eat here if I wasn't staying at or near the MGM, but of the numerous restaurants at the hotel, this one is a standout. (Also, far more vegetarian friendly.)
4	I was so PISSED at Fiamma.  My HUSBAND said I could order and we could SHARE what I ordered. Yay!  Gievn carte blanche, I ordered the beef carpaccio, nom, and he wanted none of it. WHATEVS!  SNOT!Then for mains, I ordered the housemade fettucine with tiger prawns and a roasted pink snapper, the perfect balance between lean proteins and nommy carbs. SHARE FAIL!!!!!  He wouldn't let me eat the pasta and wanted none of that beautiful fish.However...service was good if a little slow and the food tasted delicious.  The drinks were a'flowing and we had a great time.I cannot inmy right mkind give Fiamma 5 stars due to having more love for both Bartolotta and Stratta at the Wynn. But I would eat here again anytime, and I won't share with anyone.
5	okay this shiet (in the good way) is expensive! but i eat VIP thanks to my dad's gambling problem.anywho, i loved everything we ordered.  ravioli with short rib filling=omg. lobster gnocci=omgomg. the scallops appetizer was soo good and scallops are hard to get right; i hate that bitter aftertaste of badly prepared scallops.  the kobe risotta cakes were bomb!calamari was too salty this time.  they removed the charge from our check.  but other times it has been goot.the gelato was refreshing (they even have an earl grey flav) and the petite donuts with various dipping sauces was delish and fun.FIAMMA, i friggin love you!  If i had to pay, i think i would still love you.
2	I only enjoyed the appetizers, which were the ARANCINE & CARPACCIO.For our main course, we had the Rigatoni with Sausage, Prosciutto Bolognese Parmigiano Crema.  I could have made it better at home.
4	his was my first time to visit Fiamma Trattoria which is an Italian restaurant inside the MGM Grand Casino and resort. Being that I'm Italian and this was the first time I was away from family during Christmas I wanted to keep up the tradition of Italian food for my Christmas dinner. We had reservations for 7PM on Christmas Night which we were late for as always . They found our reservation and seated us right away. The restaurant is beautiful however, It's very open to the hallways of MGM Grand so you can people watch. The back of the restaurant has a fire going and a lounge to have drinks. The rest is the restaurant. The place has a great feel to it and gives a very classy feeling. Also, anyone that's been to MGM Grand knows how easy it is to find anything in there...sigh . The waitress was very nice and great company to talk to. We started out with the Wine list and they have a very large and good wine list here. I'm a wine fan and was very impressed. Since I was not alone and as I would say was ballin' on a budget we went with a cheaper wine on the menu. We ordered the Corvina which is red for anyone that has not heard of it. Here is the description per the restaurant Corvina: Medium to port like with bursting black cherry, raisin, and fig. So, ordered the Valpolicella Classico, Brigaldara, Veneto 2006. The lady brought out the wine opened it and explained to my friend the best wine openers and proper way to open wine. She always made sure our wine glass were full and almost never had to pour ourselves. The bottle was $40.00 and pretty good. I was surprised how much I liked it and would most likely get it again. After this we ordered the Calamari and OMG this was the best calamari I've ever had. Was so good and I would highly suggest to anyone that likes Calamari!!! My friend ordered the Rigatoni which looked really good and she liked a lot. I went with the Raviolini which is a short rib ravioli, Barbera wine, and Imported Pecorino Romano. Wow this was so good. The waitress said this generally this is not enough food for guys and asked if I would like a salad which I declined. I can see that for some the raviolini might not be enough food so take that in mind if you ever go. The flavor of everything I ate here was top notch and so was the location and atmosphere was the same. I highly suggest this location to anyone that wants a great wine selection and awesome food. Food by no means is cheap here and meals were about 20-22 per entree. With all we ordered our bill was around $107.00 pre tip. I loved this location and will most certainly will be going back. There was just something about this place that brought out the romantic in me not sure why but it just did.
2	This place was just OK.  Ambiance was ok, but we had a very large and loud group of obnoxious drunkards behind us and it was quite annoying and it didn't seem like the management cared.  Perhaps because their tab was going to be larger than ours?  Service was slow, and considering the restaurant was half empty you'd expect snappier service.  Food was ok.  Drink were standard.  Would've been happier at a quieter olive garden.  Prices were also Grand like the MGM....
4	After doing a lot of yelp searching for an Italian Restaurant on the strip, I came across this restaurant. I went to Fiamma during CES. We ordered salads and two pasta dishes. The Kobe Beef Meatball pasta was delish! We had outstanding service, and the restaurant had a nice ambience. I will be a returning customer if I ever find myself in Vegas again and want some Italian food.
1	I haven't been here in a long time but i can still safely tell anyone NEVER GO HERE.I had been looking forward to eating here for weeks before hitting the strip and had looked through their website to figure out what i wanted. (i am that cool) Upon arrival i figured out what i wanted based on my site perusing, the same things were on their site as the physical menu. When the food came out it was completely different than what was on the menu, i had my heart set on what was described and what I got was completely different. When i tried to send it back the server gave me incredible attitude saying they had recently switched sides even after i had specifically made sure they had what i wanted.  Eventually he begrudgingly sent it back and brought me something else that was actually pretty good BUT flash forward an hour... the person i was with magically passed out stone cold, like had to be carried to the cab passed out,  all we drank was a bottle of wine and two lemonchellos for desert.(we're drinkers, that was nothing)  If it had been the wine i would have been similarly affected, the only thing it could have been was the lemonchellos as they were separate glasses and served after i complained. The next day she was sick and shaky ruining the rest of the trip. Apparently girls get randomly roofied in Vegas all the time (like that makes it normal or okay?!?!) but needles to say i went and had a very friendly chat with the server the next dayI could say that i wont let a rotten apple spoil the bunch but between menu inaccuracies and them hiring a scumbag douche who would pull that shit i will never eat here again especially at a one-two bill price tag.
4	The ambiance was very romantic, and the waitstaff friendly, and very well dressed. I'm very fond of well dressed wait staff. And they referred to me as "Miss ___" when we walked up at our reservation time. This place was suggested by the concierge at the MGM, where we happened to be staying. I am also very fond of bread, and they give you lots of yummy bread, which I inhaled. Quite literally. I had the black cod, which I've never had before, so I don't have much to compare to, but I've had fish before, and this was a yummy piece of fish. It was served with potatoes, also very yummy, and olives, which I didn't really care for, but they looked yummy. My bf had a pasta dish with sausage, which was good too (I suppose yummy, if I had to describe with one word), but the pasta was a little too al dente for our tastes. 5 starts for the food, but -1 star for the photographer lady who tried to sell us six pictures and wallets for $179.79.
4	I can definitely see how Fiamma would be very hit or miss depending on the service.  While the food is quite good, you don't get the sense that the majority of the service staff really love what they do.  This all starts at the beginning - I can only assume that a raging case of bitch had broken out at some point earlier in the evening, as when I showed up with my party for our 7:15 reservation, the two hostesses not only couldn't manage a smile, but were barely able to hold back snarls.  Not sure what was up there.  Then, they crammed our party of 5 at a table for 4 - not the most auspicious beginning.  I suspect they were pissed that we were now a party of 5, instead of 6, but come on - really?!  Had I known that our 6th diner would have gotten so sick (which would have required omniscience and a good crystal ball), I OF COURSE would have called.  Which I tried to explain but gave up given the major attitude thrown back at me.  But whatever.  Karma's a bitch, ladies.  And so were you.  Luckily, it got better from there.  We had a pretty food savvy crowd, but no one wanted anything too high end that night, so that's how we ended up at Fiamma.  In that, the concept and food worked well for our group.  We started with an appetizer bonanza.  The Polipo was a hit - tender grilled octopus in a savory olive, caper, tomato-based sauce - as were the beef carpaccio, mozzarella salad, caesar salad, calamari (the addition of the fried pepperoncini and the flash fried basil was a good one) and the evening's special, a tuna tartare.  Pretty good stuff.We all went with pasta dishes, despite my pleading that we share a few of the pastas and have dinners.  Oh well...around the table we ordered the rigatoni, linguini (2), the spaghetti, and the gnocchi.  I was able to sample a little of each - but did so at my own risk given the speed at which the plates were devoured.  The rigatoni I thought was kind of so-so, and I didn't really like the spaghetti - san marzano tomatoes don't really need extra sugar, and it definitely seemed sweeter to me than it had to be.  Perhaps it was an attempt to provide a balance to the Kobe meatballs, but all in all, just wasn't to my taste.  The person who ordered it really liked it, though, so that might just be me.  I had the lobster truffle gnocchi, which was a little saltier than it had to be, but so decadent that I almost didn't mind; the gnocchi were perfect little pillows.  I like a little salt, too.  The linguini was delicious - delicate and hearty at the same time - if you can imagine that.  We finished sharing the sorbet trio (blood orange is the best of those), and enjoyed some fresh pressed coffee, which sparked us up out of our wine and food induced comas.  The space is lovely, very warm and modern, and our server was truly a dear - almost thoroughly making up for our rather abrupt beginning to the night.  She kept our wine filled and paced the meal appropriately, and was friendly without being overly solicitous.  Portions are on the moderate size - what we ordered was perfect for us, but if we hadn't had the appetizers, I probably would have needed a little more - the pastas are intermezzi size, so that if you wanted to do a full Italian meal, you could.  So, just keep that in mind.  For the price, you could do worse, definitely.  The restaurant was not full the night we ate there, although I found myself noticing that the tables were fairly close together.  Wasn't a problem for us, but I think that if your luck ran a little differently, and you did have a louder table near you, it might be enough to pitch this meal south REALLY fast.
5	I'm really glad I got to read the other reviews about this place...I had no idea so many people shared my enthusiasm for the lobster gnocchi.  It was absolutely the best meal I've ever had.  Rich, truffle-y, amazing.  The ambiance was ok.  It was a little too sleek and pretentious for my taste.  The service was good, although the waiter conned me into a $40 truffle-shaving addition to my dish.  But in the end, I suppose it was worth it, since it was the best thing I've ever tasted.  Oh, I also had a pomegranate martini, which was delicious.Yum.
4	I came here with a group of friends on a Friday night after we saw "O" and had a great time.  They make a great manhattan.  They remembered the twist I requested (you'd be surprised how often they show up with a cherry) and it wasn't over-shaken (I don't need an ice floe diluting my drink).  My friend's old fashioned was a bit sweet though.  Bartenders of the world, lay off the sugar already! Most of us ordered their "winter tasting menu" which was a three course prix fixe meal for $45.  The options were a bit limited and most of us ended up ordering the same delicious salad (a classic of fresh greens, gorgonzola and balsamic vinaigrette) and out of this world ravioli.  The menu indicates they make their pasta fresh on premises every day and it shows.For dessert they brought out an assortment of dishes.  The tiramisu was rich and creamy and the torte was the densest brick of chocolate fudge I've ever tasted.  There was an assortment of sorbets which included blood orange (delicious) and the earl gray (interesting) flavors.Finally, the staff was outstanding.  Our waiter was very friendly and engaged us in a conversation about Seattle--it would seem our donuts (Top Pot) are famous now.
4	I am definitely a fan of Fiamma! My friends and I all jumped on their prix fixe meal. Salad was fabulous and fresh. For an entree, I had the raviolis stuffed with rib meat in a light cream sauce. It was almost a week ago and I am still thinking about how amazing those raviolis are! I think I might have a little crush on those raviolis and will think about them for years to come as that one beautiful night in Vegas that was meant to be, but not meant to last past sunrise. Those raviolis alone will get me back into Fiamma on my next Vegas trip.The server didn't even ask us what desserts we each wanted. Instead he decided to bring us an array of desserts for all of us to share. Tiramisu, sorbet, and a chocolate torte. I love that! I love it when servers make wise decisions for a table b/c we had a great time sampling each dessert. I also appreciated that he asked if any of us had any food allergies before prepping the surprise desserts. Had a great time and pretty impressed.
5	We went to Fiamma for Valentine's day and even given the crowds, everything was spot on. We both came away very, very pleased with the food, service, value and overall experience.There was a pre-fix meal that my guy took advantage of. For starters there were three large beautifully grilled and well seasoned jumbo prawns. Great start. Second was heart shaped, portobello-filled raviloli in a buttery lobster sauce. Just the right potion for not being too heavy, but also enough for me to have a bite. My truffle and lobster gnocchi arrived at the same time as his third course, just as it should. My pasta was unbelieably wonderful, the truffle salt was a perfect balance of saltiness to the buttery rich lobster. Plenty of lobster in the dish in terms of value and the noodles were perfectly cooked. His kobe was equally well cooked and seasoned. To top it off the dessert also blew us both away, a chocolate covered gnache type ball with warm sauce, and hazelnut gelatto. The second best part of the overall meal, second to the gnocchi. Our waiter was quick, respectful and pleasant.A great experience which puts Fiamma right up there as a contender for me in my Vegas dining adventures.
5	Wow, this was without a doubt one of my best dining experiences!  If you are looking for modern, sleek, yet warm and cozy place this is it.  Service from our waiter Doug D was top notch.  Now for the best part, our food.  We enjoyed a sampling of items and have to say that everything was amazing however there were some highlights: Cucumber martini, clean crisp and refreshing!  POLIPO (Char Grilled Octopus, "Livornese" with Toasted Bread Crumbs and Oregano).ARANCINE (Braised Kobe Beef Risotto Cake Pomodoro, Parmigiano Crema).AGNOLOTTI (Piemonte Ravioli, Ricotta, Spinach, Crushed Pomodori Pelati).BRASATO ("Piemontese" Braised Beef Short Rib,Potato, Caramelized Root Vegetables ).Don't forget the deserts.  We tried five of them and our table favorite was the CROCHETTE (crispy amaretti doughnuts with spiced glaze, chocolate ganache, apple butter,fontodi, vin santo del chianti classico).
4	I love homemade pasta.  AND I love spaghetti.  AND I love seafood lingine.  So it is safe to say that I really loved this place.The restaurant is decorated in a downright sexy way.  It is really truly beautiful inside.  I would recommend it to anyone that loves to dine with their eyes and their mouths.  The prices were outlandish, I know it's Vegas, but still, so that is one star off.  But the service was amazing, the food was great, and I would definitely recommend the kobe meatballs and spaghetti.  I really enjoyed it.
2	We came here hearing great things about the restaurant, it was going to be one of the fancies we'd stop at in Vegas but it was just that, fancy, if you can call it that. It's a pretty loungy place and it definitely belongs in vegas, but it's definitely one of those see and be seen places. For all the hype, the food was pretty standard italian and the service was pretty stuck up and pretentious. The server gave a stink eye when we said we weren't drinking and think about splittling an appetizer? The server had the balls to say "oh everyone else at the table is though, you're going to be sitting without food for a while." Like I didn't understand the gravity of my decision... They were lucky I stayed for the entire meal.I will admit the pasta was decent and fresh for a place of this price, why wouldn't it be. I had the rigatoni with sausage and prosciutto, and my other had the spaghetti and meatballs. The kobe meatballs were tender I guess, but have you ever had a tough meatball?To top the night off, it did not end before, the 'tard servers dumps an entire platter of champagne desserts on my freshly pressed shirt. I just had it coming that night. So bitch waitress, standard food, long waits for service, and you still have to pay up in the end.skip.
3	Too bad all that cigarette smoke from the casino just drafts in to the dining area.  For us non-smokers it really ruins the experience and interferes with the flavors on the dish.  The clusted 3-pack of waitstaff at the front desk were very distractable and could have done a much better job of getting us seated and making us feel welcome.  The FOOD was tasty but rich.  If I lived in Vegas I would have taken it home with me, but as a visitor I had to let half the plate go back to the kitchen (can't eat high volume when it's that rich).
1	This restaurant blows,  the staff were sllooowwwwwww as possible, we had to make a scene to get them to open our wine - when they finally did - they gave all 11 of us a 'taste' even when we had ordered more than one bottle,  they did 'plate' the table all at once (one star)  They restaurant was attractive (one star) the food was good (two stars) - but then the ^&*#  hit the fan when they overcharged us by almost $400 on an $1100 bill.   (minus 3 stars) (we had to send the bill back twice)-  It is kind of a crime when the auto ding you 18% tip when the staff really, (I mean actually) was terrible.   If you want to eat at MGM go to Mon Ami Gabi - the french place - get steak eat outside and watch the fountains at the Bellagio across the street.
2	I didn't care too much for Fiamma. Honestly, it was a total disappointment for a Vegas restaurant. The dishes were way overpriced for something I preferred Chef Boyardee over. I ordered the Rigatoni with Sausage & Prosciutto and although it wasn't the worst dish ever, it wasn't worth $28. Maybe I just did a bad job at choosing a more appetizing entree and maybe it's cuz we pretty much rushed through dinner to go clubbin afterwards, but I don't think I'd return. There were some Nathan hotdogs calling out to me right down the hall...
5	As one cab driver in Vegas said, "Everyone should have the seafood diet...you know you see it you eat it."  At Fiamma, seeing was believing and eating was heavenly too. The service was superb, fast, and very attentive.  Since everyone and their mama knew we were late for Chippendale, we were totally catered to..the meal courses were fired left and right to make sure that we didn't miss our show.....now who doesn't like to be pampered.   Fiamma decor is of romantic-comtemp with high ceilling wall art and dimmed lighting, a great place for dates/girls & boys gathering.  We were recommended by the friendly manager to order The Chef Choice for $55 and it was way worth it because the food was just "Excellente".  The meal was so good couldn't put my fork down.  I'm not easily satisfied to usually give a place five stars but Fiamma warrents all five and more.  My friends and I were raving about how amazing the meal was. Right when we were seated we got comlimentary champagne :0)   The Chef choice (CC) consisted of Chef surprise choosing for a five course dinner. Since all six of us chose CC  we were served each course family style.  The portions were way more than enough.  We still had a lot of food left over and we were stuffed.  First to come was a lightly breaded and fried calamari just how I like it with yummy creamy basil sauce along with a plate of soft mozarella balls flown in from Italy.  Second course, we had cesar salad (I'm usually not a fan of cesar salad but it was great). Third course,  we had pasta dishes consisting of gnocci and beef ravioli.  My fav of the night was the sweet chewy and flavorful gnocci. I'm not fan of ravioli but it was good.  Now just when when thought we were done, the main entree consisted of seabass, braised short ribs, steaks and polenta, daikon marsh patoto, and another fav for the night beet side dishes.  I would never imagine that beet would be so scrumptious ...sweet, crunchy, and  tender to taste. Lets just say I wiped both the gnocci and beet dishes cleaned.When we thought the food couldn't get any better, a huge dessert plate came out.  Wow I was so estatic and floored on how great and decadent and delicious the desserts were.  Dessert platter included one my fav Tiramisu, Mascapone Panna Cotta and Cheese cake, Croquette "donut holes" served with spicy, chocolate ganache, and apple caramel sauce, cholocate truffle, chocolate dome filled with gelato.Minor gliche, no bathroom inside the restaurant, but can't blame Fiamma so still deserves five stars in my book. When at Fiamma, the Chef Choice is defintely the way to go.  Most of my fav were in the meal, it was like the chef was reading my mind.  Usually with Italian cuising, I'm not easily impressed but I finally found my favorite Italian hot spot to my pleasing in Vegas. Next time in Vegas, Fiamma here I come.
4	That lamb shank was absolutely marvelous. Seems that everyone's food was great all around; only complaints are that it takes so freaking long to find (we may be just dumb or took the long way) and the staff wasn't attentive at all to our large party (probably figured we weren't going anywhere, which isn't entirely unreasonable).
4	Sure this place is expensive, but the food is so good(especially the pastas) that it's worth it every once in awhile. Plus the decor is big, moody and a bit glam, which makes it fun for special occasions.
5	This place was very good. My husband and I ate here before we went to see Howie Mandel. It was delicious. The food was very tasty and the service was fantastic also. I would definitely like to eat here again. It came to a little over $100 for both of us and we each had one drink with our meal and no dessert.
5	First I want to thank Fiamma for seating us so late in the evening. We showed up around 10:30pm for a late dinner and they were technically closed, but the hostess was very kind and seated us. We went with the Spring tasting menu - what a good choice. I started with the Capesante (grilled scallops, spinach, crispy onions, with a smoked bacon vinaigrette). This dish was perfect. I loved every bite and I loved the smokiness of the scallop and bacon. We also ordered the braised Kobe beef risotto cake. There were actual chunks of kobe beef rather than ground meat, which I appreciated. It tasted so good. For an entree I had the rigatoni with prosciutto, sausage bolognese and parmesan. It was delicious. The pasta was cooked to perfection and the sauce was chunky and flavorful. My wife had the gnocchi with lobster, portabello, and black truffle crema. She loved every bite of hers. We couldn't stop commenting on how good the food was. For dessert I had the tartufo--a dolce di latte gelato, with caramelized hazelnuts, a chocolate dome, and a warm chocolate sauce. It was awesome. So rich and delicious. My wife got the tiramisu and said it was one of the best she'd ever had. What a value. The service was spot on as well. Our meal was well paced, the ambiance was beautiful, kind of dark, a little moody, yet chic. Love the fireplace and loved the food. Great fine dining experience.
3	This restaurant is located right in the MGM Grand and looking in, you could tell that it is going for that trendy look. The interior is decorated with wood panels and all the waiters/bartenders wore black, which went really well with kind of a hip, young demographic atmosphere.To be honest, I felt a good vibe in the place. It was a nice place to be. I was really enjoying my company, atmosphere and ambiance, until the food arrived...First off, the portions were tiny. For the price that I was paying, I felt that the quality didn't justify these costs. I actually ended up eating a lot of the complimentary bread, which was a cheese baked dinner roll, which was actually pretty good. The ravioli that I had for my entree was definitely good, but I felt a bit cheated about the price.If you're looking for a good atmosphere to bring a date (and impress them with your spending prowess), I guess this is your place.
5	2 important things about this place: 1. They have the best fresh mozzarella (imported directly from Italy) I've ever had. It melts in your mouth. My girlfriend and I literally talk about this mozzarella on a weekly basis. 2. The lobster gnocchi dish is one of the most delicious things ever. You absolutely need to order this if you go here. Everything else served here is great as well. I've been to Vegas three times and gone to Fiamma once each trip. Awesome place!
5	This review is for the Pasta Demonstration and Luncheon that was part of Vegas Uncorked 2009. The event started with an introduction by Hugh Garvey from Bon Appetit Magazine. Then Chef Carlos took us through the process for making several types of Pasta and answered questions from the audience. I think he would make an outstanding TV Chef. He was funny, informative and engaging. Before the presentation, we got to sample some Prosecco and Arancini (little fried balls of rice that were stuffed with beef and cheese). They were both wonderful! After the demonstration we were treated to a buffet that included an antipasto platter, a wonderful pear salad with Balsamic Sherry Vinaigrette, Tortelloni, Raviolini, and some wonderful Lobster Gnocchi. The dessert section included an amazingly light Panna Cotta and an obscenely rich Chocolate Mousse. The restaurant is wheelchair accessible and the staff was very friendly and accommodating! Based on this experience I will definitely be back for dinner the next time I visit Vegas!
4	This dinner was wonderful.  I had the rigatoni and found it absolutely delicious!  My boyfriend had the lobster gnocchi and found nothing to complain about whatsoever.  I am giving this place four stars based on the food.The service was smothering.  We barely had a chance to glance over the menus before he came to our table.  He was overly helpful, making the service seem comical yet annoying.I found a few things that prevented me from giving it five stars.  I do not drink during dinner and therefore ordered a coke.  My boyfriend's beer was six dollars, my coke was 5. That is just outrageous.For a good meal, come to this restaurant.  For great service?  I have seen better.
5	Viva Las Vegas (by the way, that was Italian, not Spanish...in case you couldn't tell)My friend and I ended up here after wandering around the MGM looking for a place to eat before the Ka show that looked good yet didn't have a huge wait. We were both pleased with our choice of Fiamma.The space is very attractive. It is well decorated, lit dimly but no so dimly you can't read the menu without holding a candle to it (doncha hate that?) and it even has a nice modernist gas-burning fireplace. The staff is as attractive as the space, which is never a requirement but also appreciated, but only if they are competent as well as gorgeous. They seem to be here at Fiamma.So with all that yummy before you order a thing, how's the food? Not a disappointment! In fact, it was very good. I had the spaghetti with Kobe meatballs. It was very tasty. My only complaint was that they were a bit heavy-handed with the sauce. For dessert we had something that was basically beignets, but I forgot what they called them. Doughnut-somethings? They were delicious and came with 3-4 different dipping sauces.Finally, the prices. I feel like I say the same thing in all of my Vegas restaurant reviews.... it's a restaurant in a hotel on the Strip. Most places in the country this restaurant might be considered overpriced, but it was pretty much the norm for the Strip.
4	Came here at the request of a friend and it in no way disappointed.  I tend to think I'm a little too critical of a restaurants food, beverage, staff & ambiance and I was pleasantly surprised that Fiamma was great in all of these regards.  The host staff was very friendly and more than accommodating in our request for a different table.  Tim our server was professional yet charismatic and suggestive in dishes and beverages he liked.  The restaurant is clean and was very well maintained  throughout our two and a half hour dinner.  We ordered the Calamari for an appetizer.  This Calamari is different than most because it's served with crispy Pepperoncini that gave a great tart-vinegar balance to the fried Calamari.  It's served with a Basil Tocco sauce that was a little heavy for me but still very enjoyable - in moderation.  Both cocktails were terrific.  She loved the Blood Orange Margarita (made with puree) and the Dark Stormy cocktail I ordered was just what I was looking for.  Rarely do I ever order the same entree as my date but this deal was too good to miss.  Bone-in Ribeye Steak and Lobster for $75 each.  The steak was cooked to a perfect temperature but the meat itself was a little tough.  I still devoured it and it wasn't so bad that I once thought about sending it back.   Overall a great experience and I will definitely be back
5	My friends and I recently dined at Fiamma. To set the tone, we had eaten at Joel Robuchon on Friday and Olives on Saturday. Fiamma was by far the best food and service. Our waitress was Monica who attended to our needs including drinks; we wanted to share the food so when the items were only 3 pieces - she made sure there were 4. The manager and wine manager were very accomodating. The food was also timed perfectly.  We didn't wait 30 minutes from appetizer to entree to dessert.  They were so nice to put birthday/anniversary dessert.  I'd go back again and quite surprising for a Las Vegas restaurant.  It's a great place to take both adventurouspeople and no so.  They had the best spaghetti and kobe beef meatballs; great grilled octopus; delicious skirt steak.  I recommend sharing the plates with your party so you can try more things on the menu.
5	My friends and I recently went to Fiamma as my birthday dinner during our trip to Vegas. The restaurant was not as crowded as the others in the MGM, so this worried me at first. We sat in the bar for about twenty mins. before going to the table. The decor in this place is really awesome and a great place to get your night started. The prices are not exactly cheap, but this is Vegas. I had the summer tasting menu paired with some amazing wines. The food was AMAZING! So much flavor and appropriate size portions for an upscale restaurant. (This is more than your 1lb. mound of pasta.) The service was really great and the hostess/manager? recommended some great drinks that were well worth their price. I would definitely come back to Fiamma next time I'm in Vegas.
1	AWFUL ALERT!! With all the great restaurants in Las Vegas, why go here. The hot dog stand in the MGM is on a par with this place. Very poor service, tasteless food, and extremely small portions. I have the raviolis. The portion was so small, I thought they had the wrong dish. I would never ever go to this place again. Oh, and I might add, it was a Thursday night and the place was empty! The Mesa Grill is way better ...
5	We always eat here when visiting Vegas. Best italian food and service you will find in LV. Forget what the disgruntled former employee wrote below...this place is a 100% guaranteed winner for anybody who considers themself to be a "tough and demanding customer"...like me. Bravo MGM!
4	Swayed by my overwhelming compulsion to be FRUGAL as possible in Vegas, I convinced my girlfriends to have dinner @ Fiamma, prior to our KA showing @ 9.30 pm on a Wednesday night. Making a reservation for four a week ahead seemed silly, especially when in every restaurant, it's never full to capacity!  WTF would any one have to wait any more than 5 minutes, I can't tell you, but it beats just standing and doing nothing.  Four girls from Louisiana and we get David as our server, from Louisiana as well.  What are the odds, eh???  Anyhoo, we all opted for the summer tasting menu - three courses for $45, or with wine pairings, an extra $25 on top.  We didn't do the wine pairing, but I did get the Bellini.  I heart sweet alcoholic drinks and this was delicious!  The champagne wasn't too dry and the peach syrup was refreshing.For starters, the girls had Caesar salad and I had the grilled octopus with a tomato and olive and capers type of chutney/sauce.  The octopus was really char-grilled, and at times it overwhelmed the delicate flavor of the protein, but not at all was it chewy or rubbery.  Delicious and tender!  Entree - the girls had the grilled skirt steak and I had the salmon.  WOW was the steak delicious.  One of the girls commented how this was the best steak ever - tender, juicy, not too salty, just tasty.  And when I bit into it, I almost regretted getting the salmon - it was tasty!!!The salmon was fresh and delicious.  It was barely seasoned as the pancetta provided enough saltiness and the corn ragu added a touch of sweetness....mmmmm.....I had to force myself to finish the last bite - still bracing the fact that we had dessert coming as well.Four choices of desserts and four girls = sharing all dessert!!!  Hands down, our favorite was the chocolate tarfuto - the hazelnuts and dark chocolate poured over the caramel gelato...MMMMM. The sorbet trio was fantastic - cantaloupe tasted exactly like one!  Next favorite was the tiramisu - we found the espresso powder covering the delicate dessert to be overpowering, but still tasting.  And the least favorite was the panna cotta.  I think the girls were turned off by the figs, but the almonds and honey really brought out the marscapone in the panna cotta.Not to mention that David's fellow server, Brian was really hamming it up with us.  Prior to dessert, he sent over some miscotti or dessert wine.  It was SOOO delicious, that one of the girls took my glass and promptly finished it off.  Of course we had to thank Brian for his generosity, and even took a picture with him.  Anyhoo, Service here was fantastic, the food very tasty.  I appreciated the fact that David asked if we were on a time frame, and even though we didn't make it out in time, I thoroughly enjoyed myself.
3	I thought the food here was really good. The beef carpaccio, the pasta was good and the calamari was the best! They had a summer tasting - 3 courses for $45 so it was a great deal, although I wanted to share with my bf since I figured it was too much food and we were in a larger party, but they gave us a hard time about that. I didn't think the service was that good.
5	let me start off by saying, this is my absolute favorite restaurant to eat at, in the world. my husband and i went here - the night after we got engaged, the night of our joint bachelor/bach'ette party, and the night we (legally) tied the knot. we are self-declared foodies, and let me tell ya, the food, the service, the drinks.. i DREAM about them.first off, the cucumber martini. hands down, best drink ever.my favorite items on the menu are the beef carpaccio, the heirloom tomato salad (that mozerella is crazy good), lobster gnocchi, the short rib raviolis (my personal fave!!) and the skirt steak.for dessert, the little donuts are delicious! but you really can't go wrong, i've had almost all on the menu and they are unreal. if you want a truly amazing meal, go here.. you will not be disappointed.
5	I could have died and been perfectly content after eating the lobster gnocchi and the truffle bread with honey butter.  I'm serious, it was that good.
5	Dearest Fiamma,I apologize.  For years I ignored you and assumed you were the typical tourist restaurant, overpriced and not really that good.  And besides, I typically don't enjoy Italian food all that much.  But when I went to you for my hunger needs on Monday night, I discovered why so many people are talking about you.You were doing a $30.09 set menu for Restaurant Week... I remember it like it was yesterday, even though it was two days ago.  The crispy black tiger prawns in red pepper tocco sauce were perfect.  The carne e mare skewers had the most tender slices of beef and perfect bits of lobster.  The raviolini and agnolotti were a fantastic main course, even though I'm not a pasta guy.  The fusilli was the only thing I didn't care for, but the rest of my party liked it.Now I know you're probably a little mad at me that I didn't finish my dessert.  How am I supposed to do that when you stuffed me earlier?  I got a bite of the tartufo, the panna cotta, and the tiramisu.  Again, not my thing, but my party liked it.I hope to visit you, soon, but Ms. American Express won't be very happy if I do.
4	Myself and 14 other guys attended this restaurant after a long day of meeting for a conference we had to attend. Some of us were a bit rowdy, but the waiter was a consummate professional. He attended our needs well. Answered all of our stupid questions and was quick to refill our water glasses. The service was only matched by the quality of food. I was here during restaurant week and the restaurant offered a sampling for a great price. I opted for this along with the wine pairings. All I can say is EXCELLENT!The raviolis were perfect as was the dessert (i cant remember the names.) The appetizer was the weakest of all the items. Some of my coworkers enjoyed their food but said it wasn't worth the price, but then again everything is overpriced in Vegas. I would give the place a five stars but i HAVE tasted better, but not many. If your ever the MGM Grand, you should definitely try this place out.
4	I had the restaurant taster menu courtesy of Vegas' Restaurant week.My apps & desserts were just OK (although my salad was fantastic), but I really enjoyed my different pastas. The short-rib ravioli in particular was my favorite. It was an unexpected pairing of flavors, but very well done.
3	We had the restaurant week menu - not the one that had been advertised, they said they had run out of it and had substituted this one. For the price it was great, if I had paid more I would have basically concluded, "yeah, yeah, Vegas is overpriced, so what else is new?" But at $30 this was a great deal. We both had the grilled octopus - nice and tender but maybe too grilled - lots of smoke overpowered the delicate flavor of the octopus. It was in a Lirovnese sauce - heavy tomato and oregano, again not leaving any seafood flavor. Still, not bad. Then, we both had the skirt steak, we asked for it rare because no one can ever do rare in a restaurant, so you'll probably get it medium rare. But they delivered! If anything, my steak was a little undercooked (closer to "blue") but my partner's was perfect. Skimpy on the accompaniments - just a little mashed potato -but the steak was delicious. One problem - it's a huge restaurant, if you cook rare meat, it doesn't get all that hot. By the time our server got to it and got it to us, it was barely warm. But I suppose that's how it's going to be in a restaurant like this. One dessert, the tartufo was delicious, but the other, the panna cotta, was really fantastic. We sprung for the $20 wine pairings - two of the three wines were great, the other pretty good, and the pourings generous. Again, for the price this was a great deal.
5	Kind of a last minute decision to try this place and it is really good! They dropped off some bread right after we were seated - the garlic butter that is served with it is delicious.  We started with the Arancine which were Crispy Risotto Cakes that had Braised Kobe Beef inside with a Pomodoro sauce. Yum! Two of us has the gnocchi and lobster - the gnocchi are soft and a perfect texture - not over cooked and mushy. The lobster was served in fairly large chunks on top. Another in our group had the Branzino which is a Mediterranean Sea Bass which is served over a salad of strawberries, arugula, croutons, onions, & pistachios. The fish is marinated, too, but we can't remember what it was! My boyfriend had the Raviolini which is ravioli stuffed with braised short ribs. Delicious - really unique, we've never had anything like it and now we want to try to recreate it at home. For desert we had the Crochette which are similar to beignets and they are served with three different dipping sauces. If you like Italian we highly recommend this place! Also, if you have a prima card you can get 2 for 1 entrees here. Can't beat that!
1	So Last year I had my wedding in Vegas. I looked at all the restaurants in the area and I thought lets keep it local since I was getting married at the MGM.  Well did I choose wrong.  I reserved the private peanut shell of a room for 50 guest. When we got there the Tables weren't ready! They had no water and it was not set. Absolutely nothing.  We logged the room for 2 hours.. So that we could enjoy the evening..  The water took almost an hour to get.. Then the Salads took about 45 mins to get after that. Then the pasta Dish came out ( which was the only thing that came out tasting great and came in a reasonable time. Then The Main Course.... HORRIBLE.  Last time I checked when you serve a wedding party the Bride and Groom get served first.... But 4 hours into dinner services and we were the last ones to get served.  My Meat was so Raw that it was still beating.  So I sent it back. They asked if I wanted i anything else and I looked that the manager and was like, "are you kidding me its MIDNIGHT! and you have ruined the whole evening.. Dinner should have been served at 9pm! just bring out the damn cake so we can get the hell out of here. So they bring out my cake with adorning cup cakes.. I asked for a marble cake with buttercream.. Cake Was Dry  and the buttercream was horrible! nothing had flavor.. The best that they could do to accommodate us was give us Lemon-Cello's and mine and my new husbands dinner for free... ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!!  another thing I just remembered.. we asked for a veggie dish to be served to some of my guest and the veggies were raw and not cooked all the way through. and I had a friend who asked for no peanuts in the salad and what do they serve Peanuts in it.. Are you trying to kill my friends... Seriously. horrible experience. Understand I have worked in the Restaurant Business and there is a way to handle a wedding party and how they did it was unacceptable. Thumbs down ALL THE WAY!!!  never Again!
2	I've eaten at Fiamma twice in the last year on trips to Las Vegas.  The first time was with a group of 12 so I put the so-so experience off as the result of the group and all the dished coming out together on a busy night..  On a business trip last week, I was in the mood for Italian and thought it fair to give this eatery another go.While the pre dinner cocktails and bartender were as good and enjoyable as they had been on my first trip, the food regrettably also matched my initial experience.  The salad I ordered had clearly been made well in advance and stored, while not uncommon it was a little too obvious in this case.  While I could live with that, I had the same entree I tried months earlier as a fair comparison.  Pappardelle is one of my absolute favorites, but this version struck out for a second time.  Many of the noodles were stuck together which is a complete no-no and the sauce, a lamb ragout, was tepid at best even as it arrived.  Considering it was only 7pm and the restaurant was maybe half full, the above is unforgivable.With so many wonderful options in the MGM alone, this is not a destination I'll repeat.
5	One word summary: UnforgettableMost stunning food, SERVICE, and atmosphere experience...ever.  Let me put it this way, when you enter with your party, you feel like you are JUST there with your party, enjoying yourself.  The staff manages to be invisible, and ALL needs are satisfied immediately.  Expect to pay out what you just claimed on your friend's hand at the poker table.  But be sure to thank him for the opportunity at Fiamma Trattoria.Meal (drinks not included): $90Evening: Priceless
3	I enjoyed the prix fixe fall tasting menu at Fiamma.  I feel like it was a good value overall for the price ($49) , although not every element of the meal was outstanding.  The tiger prawn appetizer was a jumble of dressed greens (must have been sitting around dressed prior to service, which made the greens a little soggy.  I don't see this as such a huge time-saving step for the kitchen so I don't understand it) with a few halves of grilled prawns.  The prawns were smallish and overly smokey tasting, and the strawberries were almost rancid.  Kind of obvious I didn't like this portion of the meal.  The skirt steak with potato puree and spinach was pretty delicious though.  Cooked perfectly med rare as requested and the red wine reduction was wonderful.  The spinach was just a few raw leaves placed on top of the puree, like a garnish.  I would have liked the peppery kick of arugula instead.  The butter that came with the rolls was a very strangely sweet truffle butter.  I couldn't decide if I liked it or hated it.  I don't know that I enjoy sweet with the pungent truffle.The panna cotta with figs was very nice.  The cool and velvety panna cotta was complemented by the rich morsels of dried figs and honey.  Service was polite and prompt, when I went it was early and there was only a half dozen other diners.  I sat by the front and enjoyed people watching.
4	I had the linguine with shrimp and cream sauce. So. Good. I forget the menu description now, but there were crispy shallots or something tossed with the pasta. Usually when you think cream sauce you think an amorphous mass of rich and heavy heart disease, so the first bite was a pleasant surprise. It's like discovering the joy of crunchy hamburger buns at In 'n Out. I'm a brokeass college student who generally frowns on paying upwards of $20 on a small plate of pasta. This was a good sweet spot between the stuff-your-face madness of Vegas buffets and an expensive restaurant. It still hurts after a day of losing at blackjack, but it hurts good. Service was prompt and helpful, something that seems rare in Vegas unless you're paying hundreds of dollars. As for dessert, the extent of my cake eating stops at cheap chinese bakeries (sheng kee represent!). Hence my amazement at the tiramisu. I'm not sure there was even cake in there. I can't articulate myself. Yum.
4	I forget what kind of butter they gave us for the bread, but I think it had the words honey, truffle, and butter folded in there somewhere. Needless to say, if their free items were that good, I couldn't wait to try the main course. Lobster gnocchi was my choice, and at $31, it was a tough one indeed. The portions weren't that big (not what I'm used to anyway with all the other restaurants we've eaten at). Once the plate arrived, I asked myself if this is how true Italians eat--without stuffing their faces and eating themselves into comas like we Americans do. But then I asked myself why they were still so fat, so I concluded that it must be the butter. Either way, my friend got more lobster than I did, but it was still delicious. The gnocchi melts in your mouth like it should, so that was a plus.For dessert, we had three flavors of sorbet, the doughnuts, and the tiramisu. Sorbets were a bit icy, but the doughnuts were great deep fried balls of delicious, especially when dipped in the caramel or hazelnut sauce provided. Tiramisu was smooth, but not that high in my book.
4	so close to being great it hurts.  everything was great.  awesome ambiance and decor, friendly service and incredible food.  but notice how service was just friendly.  attentiveness on part of the service staff was not there.we first got some bread w/ some incredible honey truffle butter.  honestly, this should be sold.  so addictive w/ a great balance of flavors.  for appetizer we decided to split the burrata w/ tomatoes and basil.  unreal.  the cheese was beautifully soft and the pesto vibrant.  a tad bit more salt would be nice but still a fabulous dish.for mains, she got a custom dish which was a linguini w/ beets and broccoli in a black truffle creme sauce and i got the lobster gnocchi.  we both got white truffle shavings on our dishes.  both of our dishes were freaking good.  the lobster in my dish was cooked perfectly and the gnocchi was light and pillowy.  the beets in her dish added a beautiful sweetness and texture w/ her pasta.  both were stellar dishes.what truly lacked in the restaurant was that we were practically forgotten about after we put in our order.  we would go long periods of time where our wine glasses would be empty (we had gotten a nice spatlese).  our waiter hardly checked in on us though he was incredibly friendly.  we were perplexed with how attentive they were before we put our order in and how non-existent they were afterwards.  we primarily decided not to have dessert due to this (that and we were pretty darn full).  only this one busboy would notice that we were looking around waiting and then call someone over.  i'll only dock one star because every other aspect of the restaurant was beautiful.  the service could be an isolated incident and i'm pretty sure others probably did not experience what we did.  if you're learned anything from this review, go to eat and enjoy some great food!
4	I've never felt so welcomed at a restaurant before.  They accommodated a group of 9 fairly quickly (I called from our room upstairs and they were ready for us by the time we came down), despite the fact that they were obviously busy.  We were greeted multiple times at every corner of the restaurant.  They were also really great about getting food out to us quickly since we had tickets to zoomanity in less than an hour.My husband and I split a 3-course meal (and they very nicely split our pasta into 2 dishes for us).  Nobody at the table was a particularly big fan of the bread and sweet butter...not really what we were looking for.  But, it's ok - we had ordered enough food.  We started with the beef carpaccio, which we really enjoyed - although we didn't really taste the truffle. We ordered the ravioli filled with short-rib.  Yum yum.  Very yummy.  We ended the meal with the NY strip which was also delicious, but was definitely unevenly cooked.  We had some overcooked and some undercooked meat for our medium steak.  Still flavorful.  Did not appreciate the brussels sprouts on the plate though - they were not good eats.Ended the meal with little hazelnut cakes from the chef.  A great small bite after a great meal. We had gone in with pretty low expectations (we had been hoping for seats at Joel Robuchon, but it was completely booked) and we came out feeling rather satisfied.  We enjoyed it!
4	I took some of my managers here to celebrate their excellent work and had a great time.  From the moment you walk in from the casino, the ambiance and decor was great.  Our waiter was training another server and so he had to do an excellent job since he was showing someone the ropes.  Anyways, I had the lobster gnocchi which I read here was delicious and indeed it was.  I told my employees to get whatever they wanted and the waiter was describing some delicious white truffles which were $45 for a few shavings and how they would make any dish excellent.Well my bonehead employees who never eat out at such a nice place and didn't know anything on the menu except the steak well done were talked into adding truffles to her entree.  Well guess what?  The next two employees said " I will have what she's having, steak well done with truffles".  That turned a $40 steak into a $85 steak.  I was putting it on our corporate card and said what the hell, give me truffles too.We had a couple bottles of wine, drinks, and gobbled our food and had a great time.  Just a note though. Don't tell your employees to get anything on the menu unless you mean it!  I didn't think they would get the most expensive side order on the menu, so my bad!
4	SPAGHETTI AND MEATBALLS.I rate Italian restaurants by how good their S&M is.Err....shitsry.Well, I guess you'd be happy to know that I think their S&M is 4-star quality made with KOBE BEEF. I really didn't taste the difference even with my picky taste buds, but they were definitely moist and beefy-awesome. Sprinkled generously with lots of cheese made for this a simple delicious dish.Oh yeah, we (Eric F., Eric L, and Victor L.) splurged on the desserts. Most notably had to be the fresh donuts. GET THEM! It might be worth a late night snack to just get these donuts. Super serial.
4	At first we thought maybe we'd go to craftsteak, Tom Colicchio's steakhouse, for dinner. After looking at the menu though, we decided on something a little less spendy, since we'd be spending money on gambling later on. My friend had been to a great Italian place right down the hall called Fiamma so we went there. I had the best gnocchi of my life.. lobster, truffles, mushrooms. So delicious.
4	This place wasn't high up on my list of places to go to, but my mom wanted to go and it was her birthday trip to Vegas, so...  I have to say, i was pleasantly suprised. Our server was really friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive. The wine recommendations he gave were very good and he even gave me information on a wine i wanted to buy on my own. I had a beef carpaccio appetizer that was very good, and a $85 entree that I kinda regret getting...flank steak with foie gras butter and shaved white truffle. It sounded decadent- and it was good- but for $85 it needed to blow me away, and it didn't. The steak was a little chewy and the white truffles, which i never had before, really didnt do it for me. I love black truffles, and white truffles, while more $$$, don't seem to pack the aroma and flavor punch black ones do. We got a complimentary glass of prosecco at the end of our meal, which was a nice touch. It's a shame the Fiamma in NYC closed, i would have liked to have gone there.
5	i had a spectacular dinner at Fiamma on Dec 17.  In all, i tried 7 different dishes and was impressed with every one.  The service was also top notch.  our hostess told our server that we were going to a show, and they guaranteed that we'd be in and out in an hour.  not only did they deliver but we never felt rushed.3 of us shared three apps: a very good caesar salad, buratta cheese, and arancini with braised kobe beef.  all were solid.we then tried the lobster gnocchi with the addition of a half portion of shared truffle.  holy cow, absolutely fantastic.   this was the best dish of the evening.  we finished with the short ribs and the branzino.  both were spectacular.  i highly recommend the restaurant.the dessert menu looked amazing and i wish we had time to try the panna cotta.
4	My personal favorite Italian restaurant @ Vegas. Been there multiple times and had wonderful experiences. Go with the Chef menu or family style if you've enough people at your party. Always save room for dessert. Fiamma has the best dessert dishes on the Strip! Top it all off, they also have great wine selections.
4	Short rib ravioli and lobster gnocchi was delicious. Slight salty for me or else I will give it a 5 star. Service was prompt, decor was nice. Lights were too relaxed that I nearly fell asleep, but the food was great!  Taramisu was excellent. Definitely will come back to try other food.
5	Truly fantastic dining experience. Adam was a fantastic server with great recommendations. Raviiolini with short rib was to die for. I would recommend to any friend going to Vegas.
5	Okay, yes, this place is pricey, but oh-so-worth it. Plus, what else do you want to do with your winnings than eat delicious food?Lobster gnocchi was a-maz-ing. Three syllables, yes and it deserves each one of them. The dish was soft and creamy but not overpowering and the flavors were just rich enough to be enjoyed. The seafood pasta also had such a rich flavor. It came with a variety of different seafoods, which was pretty nice too. Even the bread basket was exciting and quite fresh tasting.The lighting inside was mostly definitely mood lighting. It made the entire restaurant seem quite and serene even though right outside is a brightly lit hallway with people bustling back and forth in the MGM. That made it strangely interesting to sit in the outer area of the restaurant right next to the hallway.The service was okay. They didn't seem all that attentive, but that might've been because we weren't ordering bottle after bottle of wine or course after course. Still, a little more attention would have been nice.I would return here in a flash, just to have the gnocchi again.
3	I think this was the best gnocci of my life! Flavorful, soft, hot and tasty. On the other hand, my husband's pasta was clumpy and cold. This might have been a fluke, but the server was very uninterested in working, which really made the visit lackluster. The lobster bisque was adequate. Definitely not worth the $20 it cost. The risotto appetizer was not impressive, but maybe my expectations were too high. It is a nice-looking resturant and the wine was more than fine, but I can't see coming back, despite my gnocci from heaven.
1	Ugh! I can't even begin to explain why I hate this place.  So overpriced, and the food was so disappointing.  My pasta was extremely undercooked, and the service was terrible! The server treated us like dirt the whole time.  He acted like he was too good to be waiting on us! But back to the food, we started with the "kobe" meatball appetizer...they tasted like they were frozen, as I said before, my pasta was dropped in boiling water for a minute, and I don't remember what my husband got, but I know it was terrible.  Sorry Fiamma you're not on my list of good food!
5	Fiamma has a create your own 4-course menu which I felt was a really good deal.  $60 bucks (add $35 for wine pairings).Went w/ the boyfriend for his birthday and we both did the 4 course menu1st course - Kobe beef risotto balls w/ marinara sauce and cheese.  We also got the buffata mozzarella that came with these really great sweet red bell peppers and prosciutto.  both were excellent.  The risotto balls were crisp on the outside, inside was perfect as well.  the mozzarella was fresh and melted in my mouth.2nd course - after reading all the yelp reviews, we both got the lobster gnocchi.  it definitely lives up to the hype and surpasses it.  The sauce is amazing and not overpowering, they gave huge pieces of lobster meat and the gnochhi was perfectly cooked.3rd course - fillet of beef and the braised short rib.  By this time the boyfriend and I were starting to feel like we were going through food coma.  the short rib was succulent and melded well with the mashed potatoes.  the flirt had a great sauce on top and was cooked perfectly.4th course - the dessert was the standard one that's given (no choice).  It was a pana cotta with figs and a balsamic honey as well as a chocolate dome thing that had ice cream in it and chocolate and hazelnuts with it.  The pana cotta was a slight disappointment, but the balsamic honey sauce was really great.  The chocolate dessert was great though, however I felt that it didn't compare to the other 3 courses.Service was excellent.  They were so attentive, and asked up front whether we needed to be somewhere soon.  Since we weren't seeing a show, we definitely took our time and they paced out the dinner perfectly, including the 10 minute "breather" my boyfriend and I needed between the main course and dessert.All in all, if I had the money, I would go to Fiamma every time I'm in Vegas...until then I'll save it for special occasions.
2	We went there on my B-day for dinner. Food was OK, but the service!!! Awful! Our server whose name is Monica was too busy I guess to check with our table! Took like 10 minutes to get salt shaker and 20 min to order my 2nd glass of Chardonnay after begging and begging... This is nothing WAIT!When we said if she minds to check with us, she turned to Pedro who was the bus boy and said she doesn't want to serve our table any more and she didn't! I give 2 stars to Fiamma just for sweet Pedro! She never came to our table, didn't ask for dessert menu or coffee, didn't bother to bring our check! I'll never go there EVER!
5	Fiamma has been my preferred dining option in Las Vegas for the past 10 years.  I never sleep anywhere outside of a Wynn Hotel (past / currently owned), and after attending openings at almost every single restaurant since the construction of Hard Rock ... Fiamma is my true love that has gone unmatched.  Executive Chef Carlos Buscaglia has created a true gem within the MGM family.  The fact that Fiamma has let Chef Buscaglia slide through their fingers in recent weeks due to his call to indulge in "bigger and better things" is a grave mistake.  It's insane to me how the owners could allow this genius (inhuman to Culinary)  escape.  Food aside.  Fiamma is Gorgeous.  Fiamma is Sexy... its Decor / Ambiance / Lighting / Mood has exactly what we all want when we visit Las Vegas.  When you mix this with a meal that will make you literally cry like a baby... Nirvana doesn't seem as distant.  Restaurants in Vegas strive for this, but usually come short in one of the above mentioned.  I just hope that Fiamma can find a way to maintain what Chef Carlos created throughout the past years... or spend the money and GET HIM BACK!!!  I leave you with this thought.   Clooney quoted it best after a Chef Carlos Buscaglia meal at Fiamma:  If you can't get laid after a night here... there is definitely something wrong with you.
4	I've dined at Fiamma numerous times to take advantage of local specials and seasonal tasting menus. Have pretty well eaten my way through the menu.The calamari is a favorite! Other notable dishes are raviolini, linguini, tagliata, brasato and gamberoni. The panna cotta is my go-to dessert.Service has varied from acceptable to very good.
3	I knew my wallet was in for a beating when we decided to eat in the MGM Grand restaurant area. $91 for a filet? No thanks. We spotted Fiamma and the menu seemed very reasonable given the location. Nice atmosphere, even at the bar area. We had the Agnolotti, which was outstanding if not a small serving. The Caesar was very good, as it should. All this, plus tea and coffee (served in a french press but seemed chunky...instant?) for $50!  I would have been hungry 10mins later if I hadn't eaten a loaf of bread.4 stars if anywhere else
5	One of the best meals I've ever had in Vegas.  Everything was done to perfection, especially the lobster gnocci and braised shortrib ravioli.  The drinks were delicious and the service was attentive.  The space is beautiful, large and dark.  It made me sad that the NY location has closed.
4	So delicious!! One of the best meals I had in Vegas. Came here during Vegas restaurant week and the menu did not disappoint! The ambiance is dark and cozy and I would love to come back here again for dinner. Impeccable service!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Sad to give a 3-star rating to a restaurant with a 3 "$$$" rating.My husband & I & some friends of ours were in Vegas to celebrate his big 3-0.  We chose Fiamma for their convenient location but also because their homemade pasta was too enticing to pass up.  After receiving some hot tasty rolls with just olive oil, our table requested some vinegar.  The server's response:  "*pause*...balsamic vinegar, is that what you want? *smirk*...Where you guys from?"We're from a place that wants vinegar without the side of snark. Thanks.The portions were a smidge less than enough, kind of one of those "pay to starve" places.  But my side of truffle polenta - which was amazing - and my toasted pistachio salad helped to make it a satisfying (but pricey) meal.
4	I would say one of the best Italian meals I've ever had. Our table split the polipo & burrata appetizers. Both had such distinct, clean flavors and were so light and refreshing. A great start to a meal. For entrees, my party all ordered different things so we could maximize our flavor buds. We got the ravioli, lobster gnocchi, braised short rib & insalata (I wasn't very hungry). All amazing. I wouldn't hesitate to order any of them again. My favorites were the gnocchi and the insalata. The gnocchi was so light and silky in texture and the insalata was so simple yet flavorful. Food 5/5, ambiance 5/5, service 4/5. Service wasn't horrible, he just didn't seem too friendly & never checked back with us to see how we were doing. Overall, would recommend in a heart beat.
5	Came here over the weekend with the girl friends, and it was a great restaurant choice.We decided to just split the food so we can all try a bit of each.We started with the calamari and the carpaccio. Both was very yummy, especially the carpaccio ( i am definitely a fan!)Next, we had the lobster gnocchi and the short rib ravioli. I think both is quite unique. Never had lobster gnocchi before, and even though it seems like not enough food, we were all quite full.
5	I'm so glad my friends and I decided to keep our reservations here for Friday night. My friends and I were still full from our late lunch at Serendipity 3 but decided to order a few things to share. The decor is really nice and intimate. Definitely more dimly lit than I had expected judging from the other pictures on here but I liked it. I felt that the darkness fit in very well with our whole experience here.We ordered a half bottle of Chardonnay only because we didn't want to drink too much since we had gotten a free bottle of alcohol with our room reservations. We started off with the carpaccio and the calamari which were both delicious. I liked how the calamari wasn't as greasy as other places and the carpaccio was one of the best I've had (the other being at SW @ Wynn). For our main course we had the lobster gnocchi (after reading many reviews on how good this was), the short rib ravioli, and a side of asparagus. The lobster gnocchi was delicious although I wouldn't say it was the best I've ever had. My favorite was the short rib ravioli. The flavors were so unique that I couldn't get enough of it! Definitely want to come back and order another carpaccio with short rib ravioli and try some other things on their menu.
5	What a wonderful find in the MGM.  My wife and I went for a special dinner and came out of fiamma truly impressed.  The food was terrific.  We had the calamari and Kobe beef meatballs for appetizers and the lobster gnocchi and short rib ravioli for dinner.  Both were fantastic.  The lobster sauce danced on your mouth and coated your tongue with a cacophony of wonderful flavors.  We paired the 3 course meal with their wine pairing (which was reasonably priced at $29 for 3 glasses of wine).  The pairing was worth it and really enhanced the meal.  The service was great and the ambience was a casual, cozy, and cool.  The fireplace and couches were a nice touch for drinks.  Price was a $100 per person but well worth the experience.
5	This was one of the most amazing meals I've ever had, ever!  The chef prepared a little of everything for us and it was all simply divine.  We started with the Arancine.  Yum!  I'm normally not a fan of short rib but the Brasato was delicious and don't miss out on the lobster Gnocci.  We were so full by desert time but still made room for the Panna Cotta.  I'd also recommend the wine pairing if you want to go all out.  The waitress was wonderful and the atmosphere was elegant but also warm and inviting.  Delicious!
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas! I love the raviolini, just wish the portions were larger.
5	We walked around the nice restaurant area in MGM Grand and out of them all, this one seemed the most reasonably priced. And it looked a little empty. . . .which was a little concerning but it turned out to be great! It may be because, as the server informed us, they had just did a 180 change on their menu just a couple days ago. (The menu online as of now doesn't reflect the menu we had just 2 days ago)To start, we had a fried ball of cheese and some other goodness. Difficult to describe. . . but it was amazing! I'm sure if you want to order it you can probably just describe to them that you want a fried ball that has alfredo sauce in the middle. We imagined it to be tiny, but the portion was pretty large. For entrees, we had short ribs ravioli which was interesting and delicious. We were expecting about 5 or 6 raviolis, but nope, they gave a plate full and each was stuffed with lots of meat. Yum! And we also ordered the risotto with sea scallops. The risotto was cooked just right, not overly buttery or oily, and was flavorful and not too hard. I'd definitely recommend! :) Total bill for appetizer, 2 entrees, and 1 soft drink after tax and tip was around $75.
4	We had dinner reservations at Joel Rubochon but I was craving pasta, specifically, a bolognese dish so we decided to have a "snack" at Fiamma. We sat at the bar (always a fun option) and that "snack" unexpectedly turned into a delicious dinner for two. The bartenders were very nice, chatty enough, but let us be. They were attentive and seemed to provide better service than the actual waitresses. There's a fireplace in the middle that's perfect for sipping cocktails and lounging while you wait. As for the food, I wasn't even that hungry but I devoured my bolognese, and we ended up canceling our dinner reservations! Turns out cravings will prevail over a Michelin 3-star restaurant.
5	This was my first "modern" Italian food experience, and I was pleased. They started us with some rolls that tasted homemade with fruity olive oil and vinegar.I ordered the vegetarian lasagnette. It looked like a nest of pasta and was stuffed with artichoke hearts, eggplant, and cheese. The filling was enveloped by pasta that was wonderfully light and crispy from baking, and warm marinara surrounded the nest. It was simply delicious. I wish that I could make it at home, but I doubt that I have the skill to weave pasta into a dome!My boyfriend ordered the short-rib ravioli. I didn't try any ravioli, but he really liked them. The portion looked reasonable and they were quite pretty. As you can see, we only sampled a couple of the dishes, but my lasagnette was enough to give Fiamma 5 stars.
5	I give it 5. Best sauteed mushrooms I've ever eaten.
4	I stay at the MGM a lot and consequently have frequented this place more than I may have otherwise.  It's a luxury to be able to just "go downstairs to eat" and have so many delish, if not inexpensive, options. (well, i guess one can always just walk an extra 100 yards and get a hot dog from nathan's)Every dish I've ever had at Fiamma is at least very good, if not great.  "Modern Italian" can go horribly wrong, but the menu here is interesting and well thought out.  Love the short rib ravioli (though throwing one or two more on the plate would be nice), and the spaghetti and 'kobe' meatballs are simple, but/and just exactly right.   The thing that prevents me from giving five stars, and even had me flirting with three, is that the service is SO SLOOOOW.  I have experienced exceptions to this rule, but believe me it is the rule.  Luckily, I'm not usually in a hurry for anything when I'm in vegas...
4	So you are in Vegas with your girls for work and what's more fun than teasing a cute server .... not much ?? Except maybe the Lobster Gnocchi !! Yeah to the yelpers for the review .... it was CRAZY GOOD !! Nice wine to go with dinner ... and a super tasty Caesar salad to start ... All great !! But then there was our poor server Bradley (aka Adam) who had to put up with our married ladies on the town shenanigans .... like giving him a name !! What a great sport and a pretty darn great server too -- I don't think we scared him too much and I think he actually thought we were funny !!! I think we would go back to Fiamma to see Bradley again -- even if we weren't staying at MGM !!
5	I have been meaning to review this restaurant for a while.  I have dined here about a dozen times or so now.  There is not a bad dish on the menu, the service is amazing here, and you can tell the staff takes a lot of pride in this establishment.   Great place to go before or after a concert at the Grand Garden.  I have even stopped in to there lounge to get a drink when I didn't have time to eat.  My wife loves the specialty drinks the bartenders make, they come up with something new for her every time.
4	Classical norther Italian cuisine - excellent service I really like the idea that they offer a prix fixe dinner for $60 per person. You can basically choose anything on the menu- 5+ courses. But of course my tablemates weren't up for this so we ordered a la carte. Buffalo mozzarella caprese salad was nice with fresh heirloom tomatoes. A bit disappointing to see 3 tiny ovini of the mozzarella. Same with the scallop risotto- nice, creamy, delicate flavor; with 3 divers scallops and several shrimp. (why are the upscale restaurants always serving children's size portions? :-) The sommelier confirmed my choice of a fruity dry white wine that complemented my meal very well.Nice place to splurge a bit!
3	First off, I would have given this place a better rating, but the service knocked it down a couple of stars. I would normally have said something to them about the service, but I had to leave right after eating and didn't get a chance to wait around for a manager.Food - 5 starService - 1 starI ordered the Tagliata (fillet, of course!), which came with a sauteed spinach and a red wine reduction. Not as good as the Craftsteak restaurant across the hall, but still very good.  Why did I order a steak here anyway, knowing that Craftsteak was across the way? Oh well.Now of the service. The waiter brought out my menu and came back about 10 minutes later to get my food order. I placed my order and he walked away without even taking my drink order. Uh, hello, I wanted some wine.I flagged down the hostess and asked for the wine list, which she promptly brought back to me (Thank you!). I didn't see my waiter until he brought out my food and then I had to place my drink order. I ordered a half bottle of wine. He brought it out and set it on my table and then said he would be right back and walked away. He went to another table to take their order and talk with them, then disappeared. Uh, my wine wasn't opened yet. He then came back to open my wine and pulled the same stunt again. Except this time he disappeared for about five minutes where I couldn't see him. I finally got my wine opened and forgot all about the bad service. The food was terrific.I got called to a private party just as I was finishing my food, so I couldn't speak with a manager about this. Otherwise, I would have. That is, if I could have found one. I only saw the hostess and waiter the entire time I was there. (I was sitting in the "patio" area where you could see all the people walking by.) Not sure what the "inside" of the restaurant looked like. I put those words in quotes, because if this place was outside that is what they would have been called.As I walked out, the hostess asked me how everything was. I told her the food was incredible, but my waiter wouldn't even do a good job as a greeter at Wal-Mart. Not sure what her reaction was, because I didn't stick around to find out. I will definitely try this place again, because I'm sure that waiter is gone by now or if he's still there, I won't get him again.
5	We ate here before the Michael Buble' show. The place was busy as nuts, but still the service was spot-on.  The food did not disappoint. Don't miss the Tuna starter. The Branzino(sp) main course was awesome as well. This place is highly recommended.
4	This review is based on our dinner experience during Restaurant Week 2010, we stayed at the MGM so dining here seemed inevitable.After seating us we were given bowls of foccacia and ciabatta bread served with a very nice olive oil.Restaurant Week = started + main dish + dessert for $30.01! All of the portions were very generous and very delicious! I started off with the Misto Di Campo, the mixed green salad tossed with cucumber, tomato, and cianti balsamic dressing. Very Refreshing! Next on to the roasted free-range chicken served with swiss chard and fingerling potato. The skin on this roasted chicken was amazing (think crisp sucking pig skin) and the chicken itself was tender and juicy (breast, wing, thigh). The swiss chard was amazing, too.For dessert I could not resist the Panna Cotta, made with mascarpone and surrounded by sweet figs and honey. This panna cotta is wonderful and is a great choice (especially during the summer).Try the bellini, light and refreshing and not cloyingly sweet.I'll leave it to my husband and friends to yelp their meals, which I have to admit, looked amazing! I did take a sample of my hubby's mozzarella caprese, it was AWESOME and the cheese was to die forGreat wine list, wonderful atmosphere, and good service. I definitely will return (as soon as I'm forgiven for the Louis V incident).
4	During my stay at Vegas, I told my BF we had to eat at a "fancy" restaurant. This is what he picked. I don't know if this is fancy to other people, but this was way fancier than we normally eat.We arrived a bit early (about 5:20 - they open at 5:30) and was asked if we had a reservation. A bit odd to me, since we were there right when (or before) it opened so why would we need a reservation? Anyways, 15 minutes later, we were seated in the "outside" of the restaurant. Basically, we were still part of the hotel except that a wall-like structure with holes were separating the people walking in the hotel from us. I was slightly disappointed, as I really wanted to get away from "being in a hotel." Why couldn't we sit inside? Was it because we looked way too young? Or because we didn't have a reservation?Appetizers: Mushroom puree soup (special) for me, calamari for him.Entrees: Fruitti de mare linguine for me, Spaghetti with Kobe Beef meatballs for himDessert: A trio of gelato for me, a trio of sorbet for him.Soup didn't look that great, but it was very delicious! Those were some fancy mushrooms. Calamari was about expected. I LOVED my seafood linguine and those Kobe Beef meatballs were the best I've ever tasted. Our waiter surprised us for the flavors of our desserts: pistachio, vanilla bean, and chocolate for me; raspberry, chocolate, and something - I forgot - for him. I didn't expect to like the pistachio at all - but I really enjoyed it.One note - all they serve is wine. So it's either wine or water.Overall, the food was awesome, and if I had the chance, I'd come back (:
4	I don't know why I didn't Yelp this back when I took this trip, but it's been over 2 years. FANTASTIC meal from start to finish, including all the wine pairing. One of my favorite dishes is Branzino and a good Octopus dish and depending where I am going I search the city for restaurants by dish!Started off with the Polipo-Grilled Octopus with marinated olives, sweet garlic, oven dried tomato and frisee YUM. Followed by our entree's of The short rib Raviolini with a lovely brown sauce and the Branzino accompanied by grilled asparagus. TEN!!! Who would have ever thought to put tender short rib INSIDE a ravioli with a brown sauce? GENIUS! I've since been back to Las Vegas only twice and have come back to Fiamma both times.
5	Probably the best restaurant in MGM
2	Very nice decor, an attentive staff and impressive wine list are what stands out at Fiamma Trattoria.  The food itself was mediocre and overpriced in my opinion.  It was Italian-American food and did nothing to stand out.I had the pasta with mussels and scallops.  My girlfriend had the lobster gnocci and my other friend had a chesse and spinach ravioli.  I tried them all and they were good, but not what you would expect for the price.  It is Italian-American and not as authentic as I was hoping from my birthday restaurant.  All the meals we ordered had white sauce, maybe their red sauce is better.When the waiter found out it was my birthday he brought out 3 delicious shots with coffee and gellato in it.  It was delicious!I am not sure I would go back to Fiamma Trattoria.  I am sure you can find some cheaper Italian restaurants with just as good food.
4	Ate at Fiamma on a Tuesday evening. Had a reservation and went right in. We were brought a bread basket and olive oil which was good. I started with the eggplant parm. To me it was good but nothing really outstanding. I wish I had started with something else. My wife started with a wild mushroom puree soup which was a special and simply delicious. Next my wife had the ricotta and spinach ravioli which were very tasty. Full of flavor yet light and creamy. She cleaned her plate which she doesn't do very often. I had the short rib ravioli which were very good and I would have again in a second. The short rib flavor was rich and the truffle sauce and wine reduction went really nice with it. The wait staff was fine. Remembering this place in on the Strip I'd say the prices weren't all that out of line being most everything on the strip is a bit overpriced. I'd eat there again.
3	Really good italian food at the MGM Grand.  A little pricey, but the food won't leave you wanting..
4	When it comes to high-end or upscale Italian food, I generally end up disappointed and underwhelmed. Ferraro's, Zefferino, Valentino, and Sirio are a few examples that come to mind. The problem I find with this type of restaurant is that it is hard to justify the expensive price tag for usually small dishes of food that are typically decent but not great. In addition, if you consider that the majority of restaurants in the Strip casinos overcharge you for mediocre food, then the odds of a satisfying experience do not appear very promising. However, I am glad to report that Fiamma is one of the few that successfully bucks that trend.I have dined here several times, but except for weekends, it is rarely crowded. Even at peak times, it is usually a short wait for a table without a reservation. Kind of unusual for a restaurant of this caliber, but who's complaining?Some of the appetizers I've sampled include the Mista di Campo (mixed green salad), calamari, and beef carpaccio with truffle oil. They are all very good, but the highlights are the entrees and dessert.Here are some of our favorites:The Cappellacci di Brasato (short rib ravioli, black truffle crema, Barbera wine reduction) is a delight: a generous serving size of al dente cooked pasta with tender short rib filling, and an intoxicating truffle aroma. Need I say more?My wife loves gnocchi, and their Gnocchi All'Aragosta (Maine lobster, mushrooms and black truffle) is one of her favorite preparations. The pillowy soft gnocchi are cooked just right.For the heartier appetite, their Brasato di Manzo con Risotto (braised short rib in Chianti wine with parmesan risotto and red onion marmalade crouton) is very tender, tasty, and filling.Now on to dessert.The Crochette (crispy amaretti and ricotta doughnuts with hazelnut, chocolate and strawberry dipping sauces) is very good and great for sharing.The mascarpone panna cotta with white balsamic honey, dried mission figs, and marcona almonds is FANTASTIC. Actually, I don't even usually like panna cotta, but their version, my friends, is the best panna cotta I have ever had by far. A friend of mine loves it so much that a couple of times he even ordered two panna cottas for himself! As much as I wanted to let my inner glutton loose (when the occasion warrants it), one panna cotta is enough for me.I don't mind paying a premium when the food is this good. That being said the prices are reasonable for what you get. For example, the short rib ravioli is $24 and the panna cotta is $12. Recent discounts for locals make it an even better value. In the past, many of the MGM Grand restaurants offered buy one get the second entree free. Their current locals offer is free dessert and an after dinner drink with purchase of an entree.The combination of delicious food, very good service, reasonable value, a modern and trendy but relaxed ambience, and short wait times make this place a winner in my book. Thank you Fiamma for restoring my faith in Italian fine dining.
2	Food was OK at best. Portions were small and overpriced.
5	My boyfriend and I wanted to go out for a fancy dinner while in Vegas this last time.  We decided on Italian and I am so glad we picked this place!!  We were lucky to go during Vegas Restaurant Week and boy did we luck out!  We both got the dinner special which I think was $30 each, total steal in my opinion.  I started with a salad with fresh tomato and the most delicious buffalo mozarella I have ever tasted.  The main course was braised short rib ravioli.  Dessert I dont even know what it was called but it had chocolate ice cream in the middle with a cookie crust, at the table pour warm chocolate sauce on it that hardened right away.  The entire dinner was one of the most delicious meals I have ever had at any restaurant.  I would go back in a heartbeat and try anything else on the menu!  The decor was beautiful.  If you want a romantic meal this is the place sleek and dark.
4	Did you say you wanted rich, creamy and flavorful?  Well here's a little extra dose!Fiamma is one of those restaurants that I am not really quite sure how I feel about since I left so incredibly stuffed that I thought I would die, but I ate so many wonderful foods that it was almost worth the pain.  The risotto was amazing (if you read my reviews you know by now that I HEART risotto) and the cucumber martini (another fave) was delicious.  I was not incredibly impressed with the veal ravioli, but the gnocchi was pretty damn impressive.  Everything here is smothered in some type of butter or creamy Italian sauce, which my colleagues loved.  I am a bit biased as I don't go for those foods too often.  If you like creamy and you like savory, this place is for you. Why the four stars?  I am biased because my favorite Italian restaurant is in New York...this one did not live up to it but I am not sure which others can!
3	Giving them a 3 only because service was pretty poor! 1. They didn't give us bread..we had to ask for it.2. My mom & brother ordered fried calamari...tell me why I found a piece of cut plastic in there??? It was BIG piece too. I got the ravioli..it was OK. Nothing amazing. Kind of lacked some flavor :/ .Don't think we'll be going back there anytime soon. :[
2	I went to Fiamma with two groups of ten and I had some excellent food paired with some of the worst service I've ever had at any restaurant.I get that having a group of 10 can be difficult but it can be done.  My group had an awful experience which ruined the evening while the other group had an alright experience and at least was able to get out in time to see their show.  They were able to get out in a respectable two hours while it took us about three with several people having to rush out to catch their show.When we got there, it took the waiter about 20 minutes to simply take our drink order and maybe another 20 minutes later we had to flag the waiter down from across the room to get him to take our food order.  The food took an incredibly long time to get there and when it got there the lucky few that had warm food had good food while everyone else had luke warm to cold food.After the food came out came more waiting.  The four people that had to get to a show again flagged the waiter down and got him to offer them dessert.  The odd thing was we were all obviously finished with our dishes yet only they were offered desserts.  Shortly after their desserts came out with their checks and then our waiter disappeared again.One of the people left got the tasting menu and she was due dessert and all the rest of us were waiting to be offered a dessert menu (the waiter of course took the menus after taking the others orders).  Again, we sat for a really long time until we finally saw the waiter again and flagged him down.At this point we were just ready to go so we asked for our check and reminded him that one person still had a dessert coming.  He completely ignored her, didn't say sorry or even acknowledge the mistake, he just left again.  Luckily he ended up bringing the dessert with the checks but again, no sorry whatsoever.One final time we sit and wait with our checks until he finally took them and we were finally able to leave three hours later, an entire hour after our other group.One important note that if you go here with a group of 11 or more people, the restaurant requires a $500 deposit and then a $125 booking fee.  It's a horrible and stupid deal, don't do it, especially seeing that the restaurant just doesn't know how to handle groups.Even cold the food at Fiamma was really good, it's the reason I'm giving two stars and not one, but we just had some of the worst service any of us has ever had at a fine dining restaurant.  I will never go there again and with all the incredible options in Las Vegas I don't think I could recommend anyone else ever go there either.
2	Food was good, but did not match the menu description, and the service was the worst I have ever had.After being seated about 7:30 p.m. we were given water and menus right away, and that's where anything I could call service ended.  20 or 25 minutes passed, and someone in our group had to hail down the server to take our orders- they hadn't even come by for drink orders.Our food took a very long time, was lukewarm when it came out, and was extremely skimpy on the portions that matter.  I ordered the shrimp risotto with jumbo sea scallops, and while there was a decent amount of risotto, there were no more than 5 dime-sized shrimp all on one side of the dish, and the scallops were medium size- about the size of a quarter.  Worse yet, they had cut them in half putting the bronzed side up to make it look like more, so the three scallops I was looking at were only 1.5 scallops, and weren't even as thick as my pinky finger.  What was there tasted good even lukewarm, which is why I've given two stars rather than one, but the menu was a complete overstatement of the dish.The couple in our group that had ordered the prix menu had to hail the waiter over to get their dessert and check so that they could make their 10 pm show, the rest of us, clearly also ready, had to hail him again after he disappeared after taking care of them (they did make their show, but missed some of the pre-show).  The other thing that really bugs me is that we were seated there over 2 and a half hours, saw a manager around, but they never approached our table for the standard "how is everything".If you insist on going to this restaurant (and with so many wonderful options in Vegas, I don't know why you would), do NOT go with 6+ people- it was very apparent from the evening that the servers were guaranteed their 18% automatic tip for groups, and thus completely blew us off.
5	Let's preface with the fact that I've been to Italy, so I've tasted authentic Italian food, without the American spin on it we have these days. We had early reservations because we had a show to attend. We grabbed a few drinks at the bar before we were seated at our table. The ambiance was amazing. Very modern, sheek, a little fireplace and lighting really set the mood. The wine coinsurer introduced himself and helped my boyfriend and I pair a wonderful red wine with our meal. I had the ravioli special, which had mariposa cheese, veal and sausage. Lets just start by saying that was the absolute best ravioli I've ever had. My boyfriend had a simple cheese and spinach ravioli which was pretty good, but we both decided, nothing near comparison to mine. It literally melted in your mouth. I was savoring every last bite. I didn't want it to end. We also shared the grilled asparagus. It wasn't overcooked and it was seasoned very well. The service was amazing. Our server asked what our night looked like and we told him we had a show to attend at 7, so he made sure to have our check ready promptly by 630. He brought us complimentary dipped biscotti. This is the closest thing I've found to fine, authentic Italian. I'll definitely be going back. I highly recommend it to any couple looking for a nice atmosphere, a great glass of wine, and a delicious dinner.
5	We had no plans to come here but stumbled upon it as we were searching for a place to eat after a LONG day of exploring the strip. We were famished and the menu posted at the entrance looked great, so we gave it a shot. From the get go our experience here was great. We decided to get the fall menu which let us choose one apetizer,one entree and came with a dessert trio from their special fall menu. My friend chose the fried calamari (with zucchini and deep fried pepperoncino) and I chose the calabrese salad as an appetizer. Both were delicious. The salad was fresh and the mozzarella was so soft it melted in my mouth. I have never had such a delicious calabrese salad before. The calamari was light and not the least bit greasy, and the fried peperoncino was spicy salty goodness that was absolutely addicting! For our entrees I chose the spinach and ricotta ravioli with a butter sage sauce, and my friend had the roasted chicken with fingerling potatoes and mushrooms. The ravioli was great. I found the sauce a bit too rich for my taste, but it was still very good. The chicken was mind blowing delicious. The BEST chicken I have ever had. Moist, tender and so flavorful! The dessert trio was orgasmic - tiny tiramissu,tarftufo and panna cota - Oh my! All three were great, with the panna cotta being my favorite. Like I said, the service was amazing - our water was topped off constantly and we were checked on a couple of times to make sure that we were enjoying everything and having a good time.All in all a fantastic experience!
1	Prepare to wait two hours for mediocre cuisine.  Go somewhere else.
3	Great tasting food. Had the linguine al mare.  Very tasty.  Service was leisurely.
4	If the service had been better, this would have been a 5 star rating. Here's the scoop:We arrived without a reservation shortly after 7PM on a Friday night. Party of five, 10-15 minutes was the quoted time for the wait. Not bad so we went back to the lounge as asked and waited. After about 20 minutes and observing another party of similar size being seated, I went to check on our status. They didn't have my name - even though I had seen them write it down. So the hostess says, "It'll be about 10-15 minutes, is that OK?" I said, "Not really, that's the same amount of time I was told the first time I gave my name 20 minutes ago." She said, they'd get us seated as soon as possible. That didn't happen until almost 8PM - so our wait turned out to be 50 minutes not 15. So it didn't start well.The other small service shortfall I noted was when I asked for a recommendation between the risotto and the gnocchi. The initial response was, "well, they're both good" and nothing more. If I'm at a fine dining Italian restaurant, I don't want an Olive Garden response. The waiter finally said, "the gnocchi is ordered more often" so I went with that. I just wish he would have said that at the outset if he didn't have anything to respond to my question.We managed to get past those obstacles to find that the food was delicious. Each of us ordered different items and found them to be quite good. Pasta was cooked al dente as it should be. The gnocchi I had with bits of lobster was fantastic - nice sauce and great flavor. Overall it was a great food experience. A little pricey - but to be expected at this type of restaurant in Las Vegas. I'd return here and prefer this place over Todd English's "Olives" restaurant at Bellagio.
4	I've eaten here a bunch of times and I gotta say this place is always on their A game. I usually get the GNOCCHI ALL'ARAGOSTA or the SALMONE CON MAIS ED ASPARAGI. Our busser, Fabricio, was very helpful and suggested other items on the menu. Probably the best time to try this place out is during restaurant week because they have special prices on 3 course meals. It's a nice place to take a date which is why I've been here a bunch of times. The bar area is really nice as well if your looking to stop in and grab a drink or dine at the bar. They don't serve anything our of out the ordinary, drink wise. But when I chill at the bar, a bartender Kerry was back there and made the experience fun. So if your at the MGM Grand Fiamma is mos def a must stop for food or drinks.
4	Came here for a bachelorette weekend, and we chose Fiamma's b/c it was convenient and there were reservations available (basically default).  However, this place was pretty good.  It's what you would expect, nothing WOW, but it wasn't BLECH either.  The portion sizes were good, and I was satisfied that I had enough carbs in my system to enjoy the rest of the night.
5	Every time I have been to VEGAS for the past 6 years I make it a habit to come to Fiamma to have a drink or dinner. This place is luxury and mello at the same time. Kerry one of the Bar tenders is a great source of information for anything that is happening in the city. He even hooked us up and allowed us to drop his name at a couple of clubs which helped get us easy  V.I.P.access. The food is out of this world and the 800 wine selection is the BOMB. BOOM!!!! Delicious. If you want to impress a nice person in your life take them here and tell Kerry that Keenan from LA says Hello.
5	Another prize for Team 7 members of the Yelpmazing race!!2 free dinners consisting of the seasonal menu course.  I've only been to the one in NYC years ago.  Kinda crazy we've never gone to this one after living here for quite some time.  My wife and I just shared everything and it went down like this:Antipasti:Caprese w/ Imported Buffalo Mozzarella, Baby Tomatoes, Fresh Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil: The creamiest buffalo mozzarella I've EVER had.  It almost had a cream cheese quality to it.  Incredible!Crispy Calamari, Peperoncini, Zucchini, Fresh Lemon, Parsley:I really liked how the deep fried all the ingredients (sans lemon) with the calamari.  Gave it a unique flavor..the fried parsley really works.Secondi:Ravioli alla Fiorentina filled with Fresh Ricotta and Spinach, Butter and Sage Sauce:I'm usually not into cream sauces for pasta but this was excellent.Organic Free-Range Chicken, Wild Mushrooms. Fingerling Potatoes, Natural Chicken Jus:I have a hard time ever justifying paying more than $10 for any chicken dish anywhere but we got this since it came highly recommended by the waiter.  Outstanding!!  I would actually pay $20 for this dish.  And I usually peel the skin off chicken for health reasons but it was a must eat for this dish.  I'm salivating just thinking about the flavor of this dish.   Dolci:Pastry Chef's Dessert Sampler:I was honestly high from chicken at this point so I don't know exactly what the trio was but one was like a chocolate ice cream bon bon, some kinda flan and tiramisu.  It was truly struggle to finish dessert since we were so stuffed but we managed somehow, some way :)Couple of glasses of wine and cucumber martinis really put the bow on this dinner.  The regular menu looked incredible and might be back next week!!!
4	Always a fantastic experience.  Met the wine buyer this time & got some great tips.  Excellent caprese.  Seafood always good.  Get the gelato if you want desert - awesome.
1	I have been chomping at the bit to write this review. This place is nothing special and after our experience we will NEVER go back - except maybe for another reason to write a bad review. Why? 1) the bread is sub-par and for an Italian restaurant that is a cardinal sin2) check out the picture I posted of our bill...i ordered a martini and they had the audacity to charge for EACH OLIVE!!! Un-f'ing believable - can you say RIP OFF!!!3) we had the cheese ravioli - about 6 little ravs for $24...and absolutely nothing special....The manager laughed when I commented on being charged for olives...really???...really??? This meal was no where near a $100+ pre tip meal...recap small salad, one martini, 2 raviolis, one sorbet and one coffee - hmmmm.....the olive garden beats this place... too bad they have a good location and a neat atmosphere...i know it is vegas and we don't mind paying $100+ for dinner for two -we do it all the time - but this meal was not worth it. My dining companion asked me not to say anything about the insane Martini Charge, so I didn't but check out the bill, I posted a picture here on Yelp. Totally ridiculous.
4	I'm a tough critic when it comes to dining, but if I could rate Fiamma an extra half star for a 4.5 I would.  This was my first time dining here and I will DEFINITELY be back!I started with a glass of the Acacia Carneros 2006 Pinot Noir ($15).  I have a glass of red wine with just about every meal out that I have and this was the best I've had in a long time.  Extremely smooth, not too sweet and not too dry.  It was a perfect compliment for the food also.For an appetizer I ordered Tomino Alla Griglia:  "Grilled Piedmontese Cheese, Zucchini, Rocket Lettuce, Roasted Cherry Tomato, Vincotto Drizzle" ($14).  This was absolutely amazing.  The zuccini was grilled & thinly sliced, topped with the bed of lettuce, and the bed of lettuce topped with the round of grilled cheese.  I am a huge cheese fan and this cheese was very good- grilled to perfection, not overly cooked, soft, full of flavor, and not over powering.  The roasted tomatos gave the dish an extra something that completed it.  I had to force myself to stop eating this to save room for my entree!My entree was the famous signature Gnocci All'Aragosta:  "Soft Potato Dumplings With Maine Lobster, Mushroom and Black Truffle" ($31).  This was basically an orgasm in my mouth.  I can see why this is one of their signature dishes- the lobster had very good flavor & good portion (although I can always go for more lobster in dishes), gnocci perfectly done, smooth and flavorful, and mushrooms & black truffle were the perfect compliment.  Portion size of the dish in it's entirety was good, I had to force myself from finishing this dish as well since it was so good. A bread basket with EVOO was brought out prior to antipasti but I didn't touch it partially because I knew I had a ton of food coming, and it also did not look like anything spectacular.  It consisted of two different breads, a standard looking something or other and another that resembled ciabatta.As for the enviroment, this would be a great place to have a romantic or special occasion dinner.  The lighting was a bit dim.  This is the first restaurant on the left after you enter the Studio Walk in MGM, so unless you are seated more towards the inner portion of the restaurant, as I was, you'll be very open to the mass amounts of foot traffic passing thru and the opening of the casino floor. Service was good but nothing special.  The waiter was friendly and made small talk.  One thing I did not like was the fact the GM or AGM, whatever he was, circulated the dining room a few times just kind of looking around.  I only saw him stop at two or three tables during that time, and one of them was not mine.  This, the service and enviroment are the reasons I did not give Fiamma five stars.I took pictures but my flash was not working and it was very dim, so they would be pointless to post.Overall, the food was amazing, I will definitely continue to recommend.  If you come here, the Lobster Gnocci is a must!
3	The food over all was good, but it's pretty ordinary.  It's not super expensive, but it's not cheap either.  I have to say that with the food like this, the price should be a bit lower.  I liked the carpaccio though.
2	2 stars here at Yelp is "Meh. I've experienced better".And that is exactly right. The Spaghetti with Kobe meatballs was absolutely bland with tomato sauce straight out of the 55 gal barrel.  The steak was decent however, once you scraped off the burned exterior... come on guys, you don't serve burned steaks an hour after appetizer.Appetizer was a pasta fagioli soup... meh. The sommelier and his wine choice was a bright spot. Picked us a nice Super Tuscan for a relatively cheap $100 per bottle (this is vegas).I've enjoyed meals at Pasta Pomodoro for infinitely less.
4	I ate at Fiamma on Christmas Day with my parents and husband and we all very much enjoyed our meal. The ambiance of Fiamma is lovely, it's warm and inviting, modern but not overdone. Our service was very good, as well. They also had my all-time favorite wine, Leitz Dragonstone Reisling, so I really can not complain.But on to the important stuff. The food: I went with the Fall Tasting Menu which was 3 courses for $45. For my first course, I got a Caprese Salad with buffalo mozzarella. It was light, fresh, perfectly salted and very good. My main course was chicken that was very juicy and perfectly cooked with perfectly roasted potatoes. Dessert was a trio of individual mini desserts. They were very, very good and included a creamy panna cotta, a tartufo and tiramisu. A very satisfying ending to a delicious meal.I, of course, tried everyone elses dishes and can say that the Short Rib Ravioli are to-die-for. My dad had a special that night which was the Strip Steak. It was perfectly cooked and so flavorful, accompanied with potato croquettes and caramelized pearl onions. He probably had the winner dish out of all of us, it was so so good. Overall it was a great dining experience and I would definitely return, for the reasonable price it was on equal par to many of Vegas' fine dining restaurants.
4	We ate at Fiamma before going to see Cirque de Soleil's Ka at MGM.  We made reservations for 6:45 p.m. and they were able to seat us right away.The table was right by the entrance and my seat was right behind the menu where people walking by could check it out.  I didn't really like that table b/c a lot of people were walking by and then they were right next to the table looking at the menu.Other than, that the food was excellent!  They gave us bread and olive oil, which was so good b/c we had two basket-fulls.  I ordered the sea bass and a side of potatoes and was completely stuffed.  I also had a glass of wine, which was great!  The restaurant is definitely pricey and it would have been nice if it was a bit cheaper.
4	This is a new favorite of our here in Vegas. While the modern decor didn't exactly scream "Italian elegance" to me personally, the food sure did! The menu was full of tantalizing options and everyone in our large party seemed to thoroughly enjoy their dining experience (including myself). The service is also on top of their game and were nothing short of efficient professionals. If you have a free night and are strutting around the MGM give this place a try!
2	We had reservations a few nights ago at Fiamma for around 7pm. The restaurant was pretty slow, not many people there. We were seated near the entrance by the hostesses. For a restaurant that's suppose to be fine dining, the hostesses were completely unprofessional. It was very distracting the entire night when the hostesses kept bending down under their stand to stuff their faces with McDonald's that theyhad tucked away. Very classy! As for the food, I had the short rib ravioli that was recommend by most and it was very good. My wife had the scallop risotto. The risotto was cooked very well and tasted great but scallops were undercooked. It was still raw in the middle. The portions are quite small, so if you're looking for a bigger meal, I'd order an appetizer as well. There were probably only 10 pieces of ravioli and the only 3 scallops with the risotto. Dessert was fantastic! We had the tirimisu and the nutella bar. Overall, this place was over priced for the service, quality and atmosphere of the experience. I would not recommend this place.
5	Worth EVERY penny. Holy crap this was delicious. For starters, we had the caprese salad. I originally wanted the carpaccio, but they were out. No big deal though because it was after 11pm. The mozzarella was unbelievably fresh. Yum! For dinner, I had the lobster gnocchi. My mouth is actually watering just thinking about it. You don't need to know anything else. If you want some ridiculously good food and don't mind spending money (trust me I lost more at the blackjack tables than on dinner), EAT HERE.
4	Service started out awkward.  We were not given menus until 10 minutes after being seated.  Once our server came around though, things turned around.  Michael was awesome and gave us great suggestions on what to order.  -Lobster gnochhi was amazing!!!!  Must have!!!  -Black truffle spaghetti was a tad pricey but still unique enough, worth the $40 I guess.  -Seafood lasagna was good-Asparagus were satisfying but just a little too salty.-Chocolate souffle was fantastic!  Not too sweet and perfect ending to the whole meal.  Definitely well worth the ordering at the beginning of the meal.All in all a really great place to dine before partying in Vegas.  I would definitely be back again.
4	Was staying at the MGM and got a $50 credit for a restaurant in the hotels so we decided to come here. Very glad we did. Low Down: Nice restaurant, dark/cozy ambienceEverything here was tasty. The pasta dishes didn't disappoint! Just note that portions are like true Italian portions not Olive Garden portions so you might want to order an appetizer or something to feel satisfied. They also have a good wine menu so you should be able to find something that suits your wine palate!  I would definitely come here again even without the restaurant credit! :)
4	I almost feel it's wrong to review a place where my experience is based on eating one dish at the bar. (Or maybe that's a new list I need to create? Enjoyable places where I've dined by myself at the bar.) But nonetheless, I shall offer up this brief review.I really like the feel of this place walking in. It had an upscale, but dark and cozy atmosphere. And I didn't feel strange or out-of-place being by myself and in jeans.I settled into a spot at the bar and was attended to immediately. The bartender was very nice and friendly. He was knowledgeable about the menu and provided suggestions. And he wasn't overly chatty - allowing me to enjoy my meal without having to make constant small talk.It may be considered a "boring" choice, but I knew what I was craving before I walked in - the rigatoni with Kobe beef meat sauce. And I was very pleased with it. It tasted great and was a perfect sized portion - not too small and not too big.So based on this one dish experience, it is definitely on my list for a repeat visit.
4	I have eaten here a few times... each has been a pleasant experience, both with food itself and with the service.  My entries have been great, the desserts fantastic and they have an excellence list of wine.  Was it the best Italian meal I've ever had no (that was in Italy) but it was up there.Finally the place looks pretty cool, I enjoyed the feel of it.  I agree with others that it's upscale but not snotty and you can feel at home regardless of if your dressed down or up.  One fun thing is that if you sit near the walkway you can usually enjoy some good people watching, if you want a quieter feel ask for a table further into the place.We will be back...
5	Still dreaming of the lobster gnocchi!!!   Delicious!   Service was excellent and we all received a complimentary glass of champaign with our dessert!  Excellent Italian food!!!
3	Atmosphere is nice, but I was disappointed with the quality of the food. I ordered the Halibut dish, and the fish was over cooked and had almost no taste. The pear and gorgonzola salad was good. Even though my experience was not great, I think this place deserves another try.
4	Snacks at the bar. There's something romantic and casual about it, especially at a low-lights, sleek-design kind of bar. The boy and I were headed to Cirque du Soleil's O and had planned a few bites beforehand. Fiamma fit the criteria.We leveraged some of John's awesome barista skills. Our drinks were delicious. He actually let me swap in a drink for a Pinot Noir I wasn't 100% in love with. We ordered a few snacks: seafood polenta, meatballs, truffled gnocchi, and the bruschettona.While waiting on our food, we chatted about Vegas, John's visiting relatives, Cirque du Soleil shows. It was nice talking to a Vegas survivor in a quiet setting about Out There. Out There everything moves way fast, boobie papers are handed out on the strip, and everyone's half intoxicated and somehow justified in acting stupid all damn day. We were pleased as punch not to be walking around among the throng of tourist drunkies. Not yet anyway.Our food arrived, and our favorite was quickly established to be the seafood polenta. It melted in the mouth and caused that kind of eye-roll movement with each bite. I couldn't control it. The gnocchi we didn't know would be fried. Still, not bad, but I shied away from it. The bruschetta: yum. And the meatballs were just meatballs.John said hey, you kids are nice, and threw in my first ever taste of Moscato. What a delicious little dessert sip that is. We decided later to get some for tubtime; it's that kind of drink.We headed off to O, bellies happy and full, having met one of the sweetest baristas in town. Thanks for making it feel all warm and cushy, John. We almost forgot we were in Vegas.
5	My husband and I read several restaurant reviews before we came across Fiamma which had the best reviews and prices of even the more well known chef's restaurants such as Michael Mina, Emeril and Bartolotta. It's been many months since I had gone and I STILL remember everything about that night. If you really want to go all out and not burn your wallet, be sure to do the recommended wine pairing with the sommelier, the wine specialists, who is fantastic! Originally we ordered a 4 course meal but quickly went back for more and ended up with a 6 course meal. It was worth every penny. Everything was fresh and made to order, perfect temperature, perfectly seasoned. What else can I say about this place, but that its just PERFECT!! As many restaurants as there are to try in Vegas I would have a hard time not going back. Highly recommended you will not be disappointed.
5	I've eaten here twice, and both times I left here with my taste buds completely satisfied!The atmosphere of the restaurant is nice.  It's not overly formal, but not too casual either.  It's also not too noisy so you and your company can definitely have conversations without needing to scream into each other's ears.The wine selection is pretty wide.  They are true to their culture and focus mostly on Italian wines, all of which have been delicious, for the ones that I have tried at least. Should definitely check out the sparkling wines or dessert wines if your pocketbook can afford it.  :-)The food is nothing short of AMAZING!  Even something as simple as cold cuts and cheese was enough to impress me.  The ingredients are fresh and unique, nothing you'd normally find in a typical grocery market.  I think they marinated the olives and many other foods themselves, so the flavors you're getting from this place is definitely not something you can find just anywhere else!I tried 2 or 3 different types of pasta from this location and loved each one of them.  The chefs here pair special sauces for different types of pasta, each sauce focusing on the reduction of various alcohols like brandy or vodka.  Anyone can make pasta sauce, but to make it where you can actually taste/feel out all the flavors of the ingredients and appreciate the way it complements the pasta, that is rare.  This place definitely inspired me to experiment and be more creative with my pasta sauces in the future!I had this a few years ago, so I can't remember how to describe it, but I remember that the calamari was to die for!The service was great!  Food came out really fast, and the servers were good about refills and clearing empty plates to make room for the next course.Pricing is a little expensive, but it's also not outrageous.  For the quality and quantity of the food you're getting, I'd say it's fair.  Probably not somewhere you'd want to eat at everyday, but it's definitely affordable for those special dates.
5	Damn. So good. Fiamma was date night for my boyfriend and I while we were in town. To be quite honest, I would have loved any single item on the menu. We chose to eat at Fiamma because every item on the menu sounded great. It just had to be a win-win.I'm a wee bit particular about where I sit in a restaurant that I know with cost $100 for dinner for two. The staff here were more than accommodating when I wanted to sit at a table other than the one the hostess had originally seated us at. Big plus to be so chill.We ordered the braised short rib with Parmesan risotto (I died after eating it), red onion croutons, and a wine reduction sauce. I even licked the sauce off of the dish. It. Was. So. Good.We also got the gnocchi with lobster, mushrooms, and black truffles. I don't really care too much about truffles, but this dish was absolutely decadent. We washed it down with a great malbec off of the extensive wine list.To finish off a fabulous meal, we had the crochette's with hazelnut, chocolate, and caramel sauce. I don't know how I managed to fit dessert in, but it was an awesome, delicious, and simple choice. Splurge, and have a nice night at Fiamma :)
4	Pricey but very nice food, attentive service and an elegant atmosphere considering it's Vegas (though the music is very loud). We took our two small girls early on a Saturday night and I know it says it is no good for kids but you don't know my kids. They shared a penne and Caesar salad. We had the small rib raviolini which were delicious together with a tricolor salad. Washed down with a glass of Barolo. Then dessert of which the tiramisu was a highlight as far as my youngest was concerned. As I said it is expensive. But we were on holiday and it was an appropriately good meal.
5	Love the atmosphere.......... casual, dim lighting, great music.  We had the Filet mignon with Asparagus. Spaghetti with meatballs. The house wine was flavorful.  The service Superb.
4	Atmosphere was romantic and artfully designedService was impeccableI had the filet mignon rare and it was wonderful; It practically melted in your mouth.  The Spinach Triangles were so flavorful and done perfectly right. Staff was knowledgeable about appropriate wine pairings and suggested the chocolate cake for dessert.  It's die for, especially with the rich Dulce de Leche gelato
3	Did the bar snacks which were reasonable and good. Wine unbeilevably expensive, glass Chianti $18. Wife's Martiine was 14 + 3 + 2 (for up) what ever that charge was. Others had ravioli and lasagna also good. Excellent service and good ambiance but would not go back again due to wine costs.
2	Came here as part of a prepaid dinner and show package. Was told that we should be there by 5pm even though I was able to make the reservation for 6:30pm over the phone. When the waiter knew there was no need to "earn" his tips he stopped trying. The pre-fix menu items were OK. Roast chicken and Salmon were tender. Fried calamari was average, and the pasta was too salty. We were all served tiramisu as dessert even though there were other selections on the pre-fix menu. The waiter did not even bother to ask whether we would want any tea or coffee. His loss!
5	Dinner was excellent, ambiance was great. I had the risotto and it was cooked to perfection. My friend had the Gnocchi and I wish I could have had that too. The staff was friendly and the service was great. I would definitely go here again.
5	EXCELLENT BAR AND LOUNGE MENU!!!I was in Vegas with a friend that likes gourmet food at great prices. We both arrived famished and looking for something good, yet inexpensive. I turn to yelp and I said, "hey, I think Fiamma at the MGM sounds like the best deal." My friend seemed to brush my idea off, then I read him the menu being advertised on yelp about all of the appetizers under $10. There was a mother/daughter celebrating their birthday, and a friend of theirs who had the same idea. They both stumbled on the great food for less. They had their orders ahead of us and were able to tell us what to order. We ended up with the mussels, bruchettona, and truffled gnocchi. The muscles were very high quality muscles and cooked in a tomato sauce for $7. The crusted bread that went with it was great, but there was not enough. The bruchettona was $5 and came with 3 slices of bruschetta that was relatively tasty. The gnocchi for $7 was very filling. The cheese that covered the gnocchi potatoes was tasty and truffled anything seems to be delicious. The waitress was inattentive and was never there when we needed her, but the manager who was standing in the area must have seen that and made sure to clear our plates, ask us if we needed any other appetizers, and keep our drinks refilled. This will definitely be a must stop for great food at great prices!
5	We have eaten at Fiamma three times now and it never disappoints.  Last week we were in Vegas for our fifth anniversary.  I always have the Shirt Rib Raviolini.  It is so good.  I have never had anything like it with the tiny pieces of meat inside.  And the sauce on it is great.  Altogether, it is a wonderful dish and I will always order it when I go to Fiamma.  My husband went with the halibut special that night.  There were artichokes around it and it was very tasty.  I am nit a huge fish fan, but I could have eaten the whole dish as well.The one thing that really pleased me this trip was the recognition of our anniversary.  When in Vegas, it is fun to be treated special and everyone knows Vegas will treat you well and I have witnessed restaurants doing small things for customers who were celebrating.  That said, I mentioned our anniversary to four restaurants when making my reservations and Fiamma was the only one that did anything.  Our waiter brought us both a glass of champagne and wished us a happy anniversary before he did anything else.  I truly appreciated it.  Thanks, Fiamma, for always delivering.
2	Overpriced and would not recommend. The food is just ok and service was horrible! With a high priced place like this, you shouldnt have to ask for refills or bread. Spending your money at a buffet will be better than this resteraunt. So disappointed!
5	Omg!  Loved this place! Caprese salad-amazing. The cheese and heirloom tomatoes were so smooth and flavorful. Lobster gnocchi-best gnocchi I've ever had. It was just the right amount of chewy, and the chucks of lobster were sweet and tasty. The sauce that it came in was creamy..a lil peppery but still so good. Lasagna-loved how the cheeses didn't dominate the flavors. I think it's because they didn't use ricotta cheese. Simple bc it's just meat, noodles and cheese, but man was it done right. Love, love, love!! I'll be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	The steamed mussels were great. I had the ribeye (special of the night) and it was so so and not worth the money. You can get a better piece of meat in Vegas for the price
4	we ate here Sunday night after the billboard awards.  We sat in the bar to eat and it was very good.For starters we had the calamari and it was good :)For the entree we split the lasagna and it was some of the best lasagna I've ever had.  It was really cool because they only put sauce on half of it (there was still enough sauce on the sides if we needed more) and it looked really nice.  What was cool was that there was enough lasagna for both of us to share one dish.I also had the most amazing cocktail I have ever had in my life.  It is called a pineapple upside down cake and it I have never had a better cocktail anywhere.  If you like martinis, then this is one that you should try.The only reason I gave four stars instead of five is because the service was a little bit slow and our waitress didn't offer us bread until after our entree came out.
5	The Service here is FAB-O! I feel like when I come in I'm like family!  This is my favorite place to eat when I'm in Vegas! I love the atmosphere and the good vibes. The drink menu is extensive and all the drinks I've tried there are made very well, not too strong and never water or juiced down! Very fruity, just what a girl needs sometimes...The food is top-notch!  My ultimate fave dish is the lobster gnocchi and braised short rib.  Gnocchi sayyy whattt? well its soft potato dumplings with a black truffle cream sauce. OMG it is to die for. it practically melts in your mouth.  TOO good to be true.  Only in Vegas i would go all out on food. I mean its worth it...
3	A solid dinner choice for our first night in Sin City, nothing outrageously amazing but certainly nothing offensive. Other than the fact that the hostess attempted to not seat our party until all of us had arrived, despite the fact that one of our flights was delayed...at any rate, they finally sat us, and food commenced to be ordered.A few bottles of wine, two red, two white, none memorable. Cured meats with grilled greens to start, which was rather tasty.  I had the pasta with lamb and mint in a red sauce, and it was delicious. Minus another star for the waiters clearing half the table's plates before we were all done eating.All in all, nothing special, but when 8 ladies leave satisfied, who can really complain?
1	Fiamma is way overpriced even for Vegas. Bread was cold (I mean like from the refrigerator cold) and the olive oil for dipping was cheap/low quality (excusable if you're not paying $30 a plate.) I was worried from the start.  Pear and bleu cheese salad had no bleu cheese kick - we forgot we were eating a bleu cheese salad. The short rib raviolini is definitely previously frozen which is misleading because the menu indicates that pastas are fresh. We asked our waiter whether this was true and he simply smiled back without an answer. There are so many great places to eat in Vegas at similar price points (Bouchon, Olive at Bellagio, DOCG) that it makes little sense to go to Fiamma. It's all show and no go.
4	YUMMMMMMY!!!! We came here before the KA show and I LOVED IT!!! I had the cucumber martini (super refreshing!) and the rib ravioli. OMG the ravioli was deliciousness!!! He had the gnocchi and it was just okay. Our server was attentive and I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. We were in a bit of a rush so we literally just ate and ran. From the 45 minutes we were there, I thought the ambiance was pretty nice. It's a big open space and it was packed on a Thursday night. I will definitely be back if I am ever at MGM. Yummmmmy!
4	Very nice spot for a quick pre-show meal by the bar.  Swanky atmosphere, and the short rib truffle raviolini was ridiculously good.
4	I liked the general ambiance of this restaurant.  MGM surprises me with the quality of their restaurants. We were looking for a nice Italian place for a little pasta and wine. Exactly what we were looking for.  Very nice wine selection.The service was above and beyond excellent. My friend had the short rib ravioli and I enjoyed the garganelli which reminds me of a baked ziti, the organic chicken was a nice touch.
4	Hands down one of my TOP FIVE MEALS EVER!!!! Could not eat slow enough to savor every bite of the lobster gnocchi. Yelped this place and so glad I did. The reviews were right on...for those that liked this place. My boyfriend and I were seated along the walkway of the MGM. It was good for a little people watching. And as I am not a fan of second hand cigarette smoke I can say I didn't smell any of it. Thursday evening before Ka meal...we did not have reservations and were seated right away.Served bread right away. The flatbread crusted with parmesan was delish. Tried the pineapple upside-down martini, it was just okay and sticky. My next martini was just the way I like it, straight up, and both were filled to the brim. I give it a 4 star rating because of the service, however I really want to give it a 5 star just based on my dish. The service wasn't bad it just wasn't great either. My boyfriend ordered the lasagna dish. He gave it 3 stars. You can tell it was fresh, down to the sauce however it was kinda of on the bland side. Can not wait to go back. I will be trying the short rib ravioli (as others have suggested or the new halibut dish).
5	I have to say this is one of my favorite Italian places in Vegas.  I took yelp's recommendation on ordering the cannelloni with lobster.  Wow wow wee wowww... as our dear friend Borat would say.  Comes in a very hot dish they bake in their wood oven.But what stands out is that everything we ordered was amazing, it wasn't just one item.  The beef carpaccio, the canneloni, the scallops with risotto (Wow wow) and the braised short rib (WOW WOW WE WOWWW) and if you wanna get real crazy, get a side of the Kobe beef meatballs.What I love is that the portions are big.  What I didn't like, our waiter, a little pretentious?  Butttt, the food gets the 5 stars, I might kick it down a notch if I get a snobby waiter again.
5	We have to recommend FiAMMA. The gnocchi was sensuous with a light garlic sauce with truffles and Maine Lobster, YUM. And then, the Crochette for dessert, DOUBLE YUM. It's at MGM Grand, give it a try. We'll definitely do this again...
4	Came here for my friend's bachelorette dinner pre night on the town.Fiamma started doing a prefix menu for bachelorette and bachelor parties which includes an appetizer, entree, dessert and your choice of a round of martinis or a magnum of champagne. I think the alcohol choices for the bachelor party are different, perhaps more MANLY drinks, but I was pleased with our magnum of champagne. Between the 6 of us, we each got a few good pours.For the money, it was a good deal; while I don't think that Fiamma has any Michelin stars, the food was flavorful and well prepared. I actually really liked the parmesan crisps served in the bread basket. Starting out I was not too sure about the cleanliness and attention to detail. After asking for a pepper shaker that turned out to be rancid (wet and clumpy) I asked for a new one hoping that they would throw the bad one away. Our server quickly brought a new shaker; problem solved. From the prefix menu I chose:Insalata: tricolor, a mix of greens with yellow and red cherry tomatoes and parmesan cheese with balsamic vinegrettePan Seared Salmon: served with a pesto glaze and bed of spinach. this was a decent size portion and the fish was prepared well, not over cooked so the salmon flaked apart.Tiramisu: drenched in espresso, I tasted mostly coffee and not so much Kalua or rum but it was still delicious. It had more of a substantial structure I think because of the ricotta used; I like to have more lady fingers in my tiramisu but this was still good.All in all, damage came out to $77 per person split over 5 people since the Bride to Be of course does not get to pay! So for a nice dinner out in Vegas, magnum of champagne, I think we got a good deal on this one!
4	FiAMMA presents traditional Italian cuisine in sleek, sexy surroundings.  Services was excellent, we had reservations and were seated within moments of arrival.  We enjoyed a bottle of wine with some starters...their entrees were just outstanding and desert made me want to go back for more.Check them out...
4	Fantastic food, 1 dish was made incorrectly (slightly cold) but was rectified immediately.  My cannelloni was fantastic, as was the calamari and the deserts were to die for.
3	good but wayyyyyyy over priced!! i probably wont ever go back!
5	The food here is so delicious. We've only eaten here a couple times but it was enough to decide we wanted to have our wedding dinner here. We had about 25 people and they did an excellent job. My glass was always full (water, champagne, wine.. :) and service was quick and friendly. We setup the large party family style menu, so there were good sized portions and a little bit of everything. I worried the quality would not be as good as a regular dinner since it was scaled up in portion, but everything was just perfect. Some of my family is picky (and my dad decided to order outside of the menu we setup) but even they all raved that it was a great dinner.As others said, the drinks are really pricey. The first time we came here my husband got a $12 beer I think but it was so good he started ordering them online when we got back to CA :) But if you are looking for a nice dinner out while in Vegas, definitely try this place because the food is so good. OH, and I almost forgot the best part. For our dessert, they asked if we wanted the standard desserts from the large party menu or a wedding cake. I opted for the wedding cake so we wouldn't have to hire another person to do that. We were so impressed with the outcome. The only input I had to give was the flavors/ colors I wanted and I showed them our wedding website and asked if they could do something like it. It was like something straight outta Cake Boss! It was so well detailed. I guess the chefs here can do anything. It looked great and tasted great too. Thank you Fiamma, and hats off to the chef! :)
3	lobster gnocchi was really good. caprese salad good.billing issue is what bothered me. they quadrupled billed me and 4 days later has not resolved the issue, even after multiple calls.
5	My friends & I came here for dinner. It gets really busy on weekends, so make sure to get a reservation. We had:Raviolini with braised short ribGnocchi with Maine lobsterGrilled Ahi TunaFettuccini with spotted shrimpEverything was really good and flavorful. But, we all agreed that the best dish was the Gnocchi with Maine lobster.
4	Great service.The food was really good.There were only 5 other tables being served (quiet weekend?)A tad pricey.Too bad they are in MGM hotel, the sea of drunk people walking by detracted from the ambiance.
2	Had dinner at the bar( love the bar in a restaurant) had the Ahi Tuna app. Pretty tasteless, I'm sure it sat for a good bit before serving. Also had the lasagna, that was very nice,served in individual pan, tasty.  The broccolirab on the other hand was massacred, this dish should be crispy, this one was bathed in butter and cooked so long that it was limp and messy.The wine selection was nice, service fine. Just like eating at a hotel restaurant.
4	The lobster cannelloni was amazing! I spent a week in Italy in May and didn't think I'd be impressed with any Italian restaurants after that, but my dish was fabulous. The service was slow at times, but we enjoyed our dinner.
5	A truly spectacular meal.  Went in for a nice family dinner....left buzzed, full, and speaking Italian.  Ok, just kidding about the second language.We started with a a sampling of signature cocktails.  A rye whiskey mix, a muddled blueberry ginger thingy, and a strawberry vodka balsamic martini.  I didn't taste the balsamic in the martini, but it was tasty nonetheless.  Bread basket is lovely with crunchy sticks, a cheesy cracker, and traditional french bread.  Excellent, flavorful olive oil for dipping.Carpaccio and calamari to start.  Carpaccio had a pungent mustard drizzled on top and was speckled with caviar - melted like butter in your mouth.  The calamari has extra crispy zucchini bits and surprisingly zingy pepperocinis mixed in with the lightly coated perfectly cooked and seasoned squid.  It was served with two dipping sauces.  A great execution of a crowd pleasing classic.  For entrees, we had raviolini, gnocchi, sea bass, and braised short ribs.  The best gnocchi you will ever have!  The delicate pillows were enveloped in truffly lobstery goodness.  The raviolini was stuffed with the same braised beef short ribs; however, it was a good thing we also had the short rib entree.  The sauce on the raviolini overpowered the beef; it was delicious nonetheless.  The shor ribs exceeded your wildness braised beef dreams.  So meaty.  The sea bass was cooked nicely and served with potatoes and mushrooms but was forgettable.  We finished off with warm doughnuts, lattes, and moscato.  The service was sweet, unobtrusive and attentive.  Be sure to treat yourself to some Fiamma but be prepared for it to be a treat.  Bill was close to $300 for 4 of us.  Not overpriced for the quality of food and service but more than your average family dinner.
5	Spot-on service. Great food. Excellent ambiance. Beautiful decor. What more could you ask for?Cheese platter: tasty balance of types of cheeses.Raviolini: mouth-watering  heavenLinguine: delicious and fresh prawns.Short ribs: explosion of flavorsAffogato: perfect with the little cookie things.Tortino: a recipe passed down from the executive chef's great grandmother.............If a recipe has been passed down for that long, there is no doubt that it is anything short of simply amazing. Make sure you try the Tortino with a shot of espresso; the flavors will stand out even more!
5	This was our second time experiencing Fiamma.  Both visits warrant a five-star rating.We started with some chichi cocktails, none of which we could even pronounce. Each drink was extremely well made with fresh ingredients and reputable spirits.  The quality of the cocktails were definitely worth the price, especially considering the fact we were dining on the strip.  The restaurant could have charged more for their specialty cocktails if they really wanted to.From there we had the Carpaccio and calamari as appetizers.  The Carpaccio was perfectly executed and a great way to start the meal.  The calamari is one of the best I've ever eaten.  Evenly coated, crispy throughout and perfectly seasoned.  Fried zucchini and pepperoncini are tossed with the calamari.  In my personal opinion the sauces served with the calamari are superfluous.  Amazing dish.Fiamma has an excellent selection of wines by the glass, which are also priced very reasonably considering the quality that is offered.  The thing I like most about the wine selection is the different pour sizes offered.  4oz. or 6oz.  The 6 oz. pour was perfect for me and my wife to split for each course.  Standard pours can get too expensive and get you too tipsy if you're going to pair a different glass with each course. For entrees we seemed to have ordered the restaurants most popular items.  The Gnocchi with lobster and truffles, the Short Rib Ravioli, Braised Short Ribs, and the Mediterranean Sea Bass.  We shared everything so everyone could try the different dishes which were all excellent.  The Braised Short Ribs and the Gnocchi stood out the most and I highly recommend these two items.Our stomachs were stuffed to capacity, but we ordered dessert anyways.  Our genius plan was to order a small dessert for the four of us to share so not to make ourselves more uncomfortable.  So we decided on the doughnuts with chocolate and caramel dipping sauce.  The portion was huge; the four of us could barely finish the dessert after that meal.  Unfortunately the doughnuts were so good, that we couldn't stand leaving any leftovers so we forced ourselves to devour every last delicious bite.
5	Fiancee and I came here on our last night in Vegas. We were staying at the MGM anyway and wanted a close dinner before we headed over to Jubilee later that night. We were walking by on our way back from the pool earlier that afternoon and asked if we could make reservations. The hostess said yes and asked us if we were celebrating an occasion. We were celebrating Fiancee's graduation and our anniversary. What a great idea! I loved this place. I am not usually into Italian, it is usually too heavy a meal for me to eat regularly, but man was I glad I was wearing support garments under my slinky dress!The cheese platter was amazing, the pasta cooked to perfection (made me wish my hotel room had a mini fridge for my leftovers. I even checked to see if I could rent one over night!) The server  treated to an extra glass of champagne because of our "occasion". And boy do I LOVE champagne. Overall an amazing experience. I had such an awesome time!
4	Well executed food (prawn and scallop risotto for me, fettucini with prawns for her), and since we informed our waitress that we were in a bit of a rush to see a show, very fast, and nicely attentive service.
2	What an amazing display of inept service.  With some difficulty, we ordered glasses of prosecco to enjoy before dinner (The waiter did not offer to take drink orders or provide us with a by-the glass menu). The prosecco failed to arrive until well after our salads, which appeared almost instantaneously.  We had only taken a few bites of our salad, and sips of our prosecco, when the entrees arrived.  Rather than returning them to the kitchen, the waiter pressured us to relinquish our less than half-eaten salads. We didn't put up too much of a fight as the caesar salad was not particularly enticing.  RIght on the waiter's heels, the sommelier appeared with the nice bottle of chardonnay that we had ordered.  It was completely unchilled. Rather than refusing it as we should have, we allowed him to talk us into pouring a small sip with the promise that he would rapidly chill the remainder.  At that point, the waiter, sommelier, and our bottle of chardonnay disappeared into oblivion while we finished our entrees, sans wine.  Only well after we had finished picking at our entrees did the waiter reappear. We had to ask him to please fetch our wine, which he did unapologetically. As you can probably guess, the wine was still completely warm.  He proceeded to pour a glass for each of us and then started to leave with the bottle in hand.  At this point, my wife nearly jumped up to tackle him, fearing that if he escaped with the bottle we would never see him or our warm wine again.  So we were left to drink our nearly full bottle of unchillled chardonnay and laugh about the strange debacle we had just experienced.  Unfortunately, for $200+ there are probably much better comedy acts on the strip.  There are certainly many better dining options.
3	Nice ambiance, ok food....Located in the MGM, this fancy little Italian restaurant was our spot for my girl's bachelorette dinner.  We had reservations and everything went smoothly, staff was friendly and attentive.I guess I just wasn't amazed by the food.  I only enjoyed one out of the 4 courses, but at least it was the entree.  Our four course prix fix meal was around 75 bucks:*salad- looked and tasted average*small bowl of spaghetti- basically tasted like prego or ragu over noodles*grilled sea bass- this was good and it was actually a pretty nice portion* dessert looked like creme brulee but was not creme brulee.  I wish I could remember the name so I could warn you all not to get it.  The waiter said there is an alcohol in it, whatever it was there was waaaay too much in it.  The dessert was awful and I could only take two bites and I was done.  I laughed to myself when the waiter tried to make it sound like this was the best dessert ever because of this special alcohol.
4	Yummmm! My husband and I dropped in for an OpenTable reservation I'd made just 30 minutes in advance after we arrived in Vegas on Friday. My inner monster was beginning to emerge after not being fed in five hours, and we were happy to sit down to a nice meal. Fiamma was no disappointment! Classy and cool, this place offers a nice ambiance alongside some gooood food.To start with, we ordered the grilled ahi tuna, which consisted of three healthy pieces of ahi drizzled with an olive puree, sitting alongside a light green salad and a slice of vegetable terrine. VERY tasty...I particularly enjoyed the spicy peppered edge of the ahi, and the rest melted in my mouth. I'd never had vegetable terrine before...it was a roll of sliced vegetables, kind of hard to describe but very interesting and very good. For our entrees my husband ordered the orecchiette and I ordered the trio of gnocchi. Everything was chock full of nice, savory flavor. Yay for my gnocchi...what an awesome way to sample three amazing dishes. I had almost ordered the full plate of lobster gnocchi, and was thrilled I hadn't because the pumpkin gnocchi was mouth-wateringly, mind-blowingly good...I mean, poppy seeds, ricotta, walnuts, and PUMPKIN? I literally haven't stopped thinking about that dish. The lobster gnocchi and bolognese gnocchi were also pretty great...and though the plate of three portions initially looked small, it was pretty filling (I guess it is gnocchi, after all). Dessert was the crocchete...donuts with dipping sauces! I almost died from the quantity...I normally dominate dessert, but had to convince the hubby to eat more than the one he tried to conclude the meal with in order to prevent myself from entering a donut coma or having a donut heart attack (self control is not my strong suit :/ ). I think there were about ten of the donuts in there...probably best to share with a group. The dipping sauces were fab, though :) :)Kind of a pricey experience; our total without tip was about $140 for the appetizer, two entrees, dessert, and two glasses of wine...but we left full and very happy. My only regret? Not returning the next day for an order of pumpkin gnocchi...no joke. I may chase that gnocchi back to Vegas sooner than I'd planned...
4	It was very busy when I came here because we had a tradeshow that just ended and the service wasn't the best but good enough.  We asked for vinegar to go with our olive oil and had to ask several times before it was served.  We ordered calamari for an appetizer and it was very good.  My colleague ordered the lasagna and I ordered the seabass.  He loved his dish and my fish was cooked to perfection.  My only complaint was that there wasn't enough source around the fish.  You gotta have the source! Definitely on the pricey side, but my company expensed it, so I don't care.  I would highly recommend this restaurant.
1	We made reservations to eat here prior to a concert at the MGM. It took over 20 minutes from when we were seated for the waiter to great us and take our drink order. I ordered a mixed green salad with pear and walnut. Flavor was okay but most of the salad was frisee lettuce which I don't care for and expect to have it listed on the menu if it is a significant part of the salad. Three of the four entrees were served cold to luke warm and had to be sent back to be warmed up. One of the ordered entrees was Pumpkin Gnocchi with sage. It tasted more like butternut squash and had poppy seeds all over the dish.....not a bit of sage to be found. The restaurant was very busy so perhaps they ran out of food. The waiter was either very overwhelmed or incompetent, we always had to get his attention or ask another wait staff to find him. Definitely will not return.
4	Very good food and service for 4 before the show. One of our group ordered the daily entree which was a rib eye steak with shrimp at a cost of $85.00. Other items on the menu were fairly priced. We think when the daily special is going to cost that much, the waiter has an obligation to tell you the price in advance. If they don't, you feel like you have been ripped off. We would go back, but certainly ask the price next time.
3	I give Fiamma three stars because I had one outstanding meal there and one that was just ok.  My first go-round was wonderful.  I don't even remember what I got, though I seem to remember something about a shortrib ravioli.  My second trip, the menu had changed.  I am all for seasonal menus but was a bit disappointed because my first trip the food had been so outstanding.  I remember getting risotto and scallops which were tasty but not as "out of this world" as I had remembered.  My girlfriend got a fish entree that was good but not great.  We did enjoy the brussel sprout appetizer, and the restaurant is beautiful.  The service was passable though not amazing.
4	I was craving Italian and found this place via Yelp.  The other reviews were spot on when recommending the gnocchi.  I had the lobster gnocchi and it was excellent.  Service was also friendly.  Price was a little high but for good quality food in Vegas, high prices seem to be standard (even for not so good quality).  I would definitely return to this venue.
4	If you're considering Wolfgang Puck in MGM, come here instead.Same price point; way better food.  I think I can say that with conviction because I ate at Wolfgang two nights ago.We ordered the pan seared Ahi & the traditional potato gnocchi.  Both dishes were IMO w/o fault.  Well, maybe the veggie terrine was slightly non complimentary with the ahi dish, but the flavours of everything we ordered were great.  The tuna was JUST seared leaving a lot of the flesh uncooked (just the way they should be IMO).If I had to write my review on the gnocchi, it'd be another page.  Gnocchi, lobster, black truffles -- how can you POSSIBLY go wrong with a dish like this?Service was excellent.  I had a flight to catch at 9pm; we sat down at 7:30 and told our server on our timeline.  We were outta the resto by 8:20 and we ate at what I'd think quite a leisurely pace.  Which means the food came out pronto.
4	Really good cheese on the antipasto board. Great atmosphere, very woodsy and warm. Kobe meatballs were only fine but calamari were awesome.
2	Went to this restaurant looking for a mid priced dinner at MGM, where we're staying.  I wasn't impressed.Made a reservation that wasn't needed as this place is far too large.  Interior is nice, staff is very young.  About 10 minute wait in between seating and drink order.  This gave me time to stew over 11 dollar Peroni drafts.  I know we're in Vegas, but this pricing is absurd.Restrooms are off-premises and standard casino fare.Salads were nice and good sized but at 15  dollars, they should be.Short rib ravioli was tasty but a small portion, bread ran low.  I was saved by my wife's gnocchi leftovers that were filling but overly garlicky.  Wife's mother had chicken that looked like a good portion and was reasonably priced.Coffee and gellato were nice.  Almond cake was tasteless.I'd avoid this pretentious restaurant.
5	How lazy can you get? I made reservations on the Yelp app on OpenTable and it is a stones throw from our hotel room. I told my husband to choose somewhere to eat for his belated birthday and he chose Fiamma. I love the decor. I love chic places. It was also nice to see a little reception dinner for a newly married couple. I've always contemplated a Vegas wedding. The tab would be under a grand. Nice! Anyway, dinner was awesome. The hostess brought us to our table pretty quickly and they even accommodated us when we wanted to move to a booth. The server jokingly said "no PDA but under the table stuff is fine". It was really romantic. A nice getaway from Christmas craziness. We ordered cocktails. The hubs had the Fiamma "The Original" and I had the Pineapple Upside Down Cake. The drinks were pretty tasty. Order the Caprese to share. When I order Caprese I don't expect much but some buffalo mozzarella and sliced tomatoes. When the salad came out it was colorful. Chopped up yellow and red tomatoes, strips of basil, and soft buffalo mozzarella and some awesome tasty green sauce. I ordered the Raviolini which is amazing shortrib ravioli with black truffle goodness. It was super good as the pasta was al dente. My husband ordered the Orecchiette. Both of our entrees were good tasting and totally worth it. Prior to dinner we told the server where we were from and that we were celebrating my husband's birthday (even it was a week before). We ordered the Crocchette for dessert which were little donuts made of Amaretto and Ricotta and dipping sauce. The server was so nice he brought us out glasses of champagne and even made a little Happy Birthday display with a candle for my hubs.The service was top notch and our server was super personable. He was really attentive to us even when the restaurant was close to closing. Overall experience was fabulous. If you have a hard time deciding on the millions of restaurants to eat at in Vegas and feel like Italian, come to MGM and try it out. Pricey but totally worth the food quality, ambiance, and service.
4	It's been a while since I've had really good pasta so when I found out about Fiamma on Yelp, I thought maybe my good-pasta-drought would finally come to an end. Definitely make reservations beforehand -- there weren't too many empty tables when we were seated and I'm not sure how long the wait usually is. Since we were still kind of full from our brunch buffet, we decided to split two pastas: the raviolini (short rib ravioli) and the traditional potato gnocchi (lobster). The flavors of both were delicious and ridiculously heavy (esp with the cream sauces), so I'd definitely suggest splitting unless you're starving. And even though we were ridic full, of COURSE we had to get dessert. We ended up getting the crocchettes. They're ricotta and amaretti doughnuts with berry and chocolate dipping sauces. They're pretty good -- a bit reminiscent of beignets. For those who love a cup of joe after your meal, their "1 cup" of coffee is more like 2-3 cups cause they give you your own french press. Kind of awesome but just a heads up. And the carafe for the wine isn't really cheaper -- it costs just as much as getting 1.5 glasses of wine (which is how much is in a carafe).I'd love to come back here for some of that raviolini (what's not to love about short rib ravioli?!) but I don't know if I'd get the traditional potato gnocchi or the crocchettes again.. mostly cause I'd love to try their other dishes!
2	Not worth your money......We were in the mood for some good Italian food. I'm a firm believer of 'you get what you pay for'. So, the pricey menu coupled with good reviews; I had high expectations. We started with one of their specials, lobster bisque. It was served 'table side', meaning a bowl of mixed veggies with a little lobster was brought out, followed by another person with a cup of the bisque to pour it into the bowls. It was good but I've never had a chunky bisque before. Next we had the beef carpaccio. The beef was extremely tender, it was sticking to the plate and turning into mush when we tried to get with our fork. So far, everything was different but okay. For my entree, I ordered the traditional spaghetti and Kobe beef meatballs. This is how I normally rate any restaurant, by their basic dishes.  The spaghetti was terrible!!! It was worse than a can of Chef Boyardee. The noodles size and texture were like chow mien noodles. The sauce were so salty, I can feel my blood pressure rising with each noodle I ate. Yes, I had to eat my spaghetti strand by strand so I wouldn't consume so much of the 'heart attack' sauce. The meatballs were mushy, just like the meatball you would get out of the Spaghetti O's cans. I only managed to choke down a few bites. It's a good thing their portions are so small, I didn't feel bad about throwing so much food. Hubby had some kind of raviolis. He said it was ok, nothing to rave about. We spent over $100 and were still hungry. We ended up going to McDonald's for something more edible. The only reason this place even got 2 stars from me is because the service was good. Learn from our mistakes.....don't even bother with this place. Throw your money away on the slots, you'll be just a full as we were.
4	The food and ambience was very modern. I had the gnocchi sampling and it was the perfect amount of food!!There were seven people in my party and they seated us very quickly.The only reason I gave it four stars was that we had to flag down the waiter a few times. He was pretty slammed, so I understand why the service wasn't amazing!
5	Nice atmosphere by the fireplaceGreat food especially the gnocchi
1	Went here with the family for NYE dinner.  Food was half good and half horrible.  Kitchen closed and sent home all of the chefs (except the pastry chef) before we even had the plates delivered.  They should never have taken the reservation for a party of 14 at the end of the night.  They were running 40 mins behind and still seated us, but only to poorly execute the food and service. They didn't even have bread for the table or any of the entrees...this is an italian restaurant!  They finally brought us some frozen bread to try to appease us. It was still frozen in the middle.   If you are going to take a reservation at the end of the night, then you should make sure you have the right people there to execute at the level you should be for the type of restaurant you are. I live in NYC and have no problem paying higher prices for good food, but having to pay high prices for crappy food is just ridiculous.  Very disappointed and will never go back!
5	Always great - and most recent visit was my best yet!I have been here at least 5 times in the past few years - quality is always excellent, menu is constantly changing so you never get the same thing. I usually get the steak, veal, lamb, and fish dishes. Portion size is right on and service is good.Most recent visit was 1/11/12 - we had a reservation and still had to wait, but it was CES so they were extra busy.  Salad was very big, bigger than I remember in years' past.  Bread basket was fresh and tasty.I got the veal ossobucco and it was a very large portion.  This is THE BEST veal ossobucco I have ever had - it was so fork tender and the sauce was very rich with very little fat on the meat.  The best part was the bone which had a huge amount of marrow (see picture).  I didn't leave anything on the plate. The sea bass was not bad and the filet looked good.For dessert, the homemade sorbetti is a great end - very refreshing and light, and the flavors change regularly.The only complaint would be the many different servers/busboys working our table - i think we only saw one guy twice and nobody really checked on us to see how the food was. But I think this was an anomaly since it was CES.
4	This place was totally delish!What I love about the MGM is that I think they really do have the best selection of restaurants available.  This place did not disappoint.  Our server was very very very attentive.I ordered the beef carpaccio and some raviolini - super yum, and I sampled the crab cakes (I think the carpaccio was better).  Great place to dine - highly recommended.
5	My friend and I had a FEAST here! Everything from our antipasto to the dessert were absolutely delicious. We started with the Beef Carpaccio and Traditional Antipasto, which were a great selection of Italian meats and cheeses. I had the Tirolesi Gnocchi with Spinach, Bolognese, Parmesan Cheese, which was to die for. My friend had the Scallops and Shrimp Risotto which was equally delicious. I had a pineapple upside down cake martini, which was sweet and tasty. My dessert, Tortino Caldo di Mandorle (Warm Almond Chocolate Cake and Vanilla Cream, was outstanding.The ambiance is modern and beautiful. The service was outstanding.
5	This place is my 2nd fav restaurant in LV. There fresh pasta is outta this world. For appetizer I recommend the calamarie HANDS DOWN best calamarie I ever had. Service is very good and there desert menu is good I don't recall the name but I got a cup of chocolate and a few Pastries on the side and you dip it the fresh melted chocolate.. If you want good Italian food come here!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (:
5	Best Italian food ever! The lobster bisque will bring tears to yours eyes. Our server really made my mom's bday special. I will definitely go there again.
5	Had a lovely late dinner here after a event at the MGM Grand Arena and from the moment we checked in it was by far a nice experience. The decor is really fancy looking, the service was top notch but the food is the top dog that is for sure.Started off with some appetizers and then our entrees plus sides. Everything tasted so good.CRISPY CALAMARIPepperoncini, Zucchini, Marinara, Tomato AioliThis was really good,2nd best I have had, not a expert, but tasted good to me.BEEF CARPACCIOThinly Sliced Tenderloin of Beef, Arugula and Seasonal Mushroom Salad, Parmesan Flakes, Truffle PearlsWonderful, first time and it will not be my last, that is for sure.RAVIOLINIShort Rib Ravioli, Black Truffle CremaRed Wine ReductionTasted so good.Traditional Potato: Maine Lobster,Cremini Mushrooms, Black Truffle CremaWas good but after a while it was a bit boring, I think the Trio is calling me.GRILLED ASPARAGUSParmesan SprinkleCrispy and TastyCRISPY YUKON GOLD POTATOESParmesan CheeseHad better, would not order them again.Great tastes and great service, what more could you ask for. Try them out for yourself and I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
4	This place is really nice, especially if you're going on a date, as I did for my first time here. The place was very busy so you will need to make reservations. The food was good, the cocktails were delicious and the dessert was tasty. The one and only complaint my boyfriend and I had was the texture of our pasta. His ravioli's were a little under-cooked and my gnocchi's were over-cooked but besides that it was a good meal.
4	I ate here on Friday the 17th of february and i was overall very impressed. I had the meat lasagna that was top notch and an antipasto appetizer i wish i could eat right this second. good staff and nice decor. Would eat at again.......
3	The food did present wonderful mixtures of food to try.  However, the wait staff were having an off night where everything was delayed despite having sufficent people on the floor.  Water went unfilled, courses were very delayed, the table on side were waiting for their payment to be picked up long enough for us to order and finish the salad course.  A later table actually told the waiter to bring the check before the desert arrived since the guys were falling asleep.
4	We had a wonderful experience at Fiamma.  We were seated in a lovely booth, and even though we dined very early in the evening, the restaurant was nicely busy while others around it were not.   Our waiter was fabulous and after a disappointing pear martini, suggested a peach belllini which I loved.    For appetizers our group had shrimp, calamari and the flat bread with ham, cheese and truffle oil.  They were all fantastic.  The calamari was the deemed the best of any eaten.  For dinner two members of our party chose the specials, one had the ricotta and spinach ravioli in vodka sauce with lobster (and noted that the lobster while a tad bit overcooked was very fresh), the other special was the ribeye with truffle mac and cheese, also delicious.  The two remaining dishes were the ossubucco (the meat was so tender it melted, the sauce with the gnocci was a tad bit on the salty side, but delicious. The final member of our party chose the short rib ravolini in cream sauce and enjoyed it as well.     We also enjoyed two desserts: the chocolate cake and an assortment of gelatto.We will definitely dine here again, the flatbread and calamari alone were worth the trip.For an idea of cost along with the above food between us we had probably 10 alcoholic beverages and our bill was 350 dollars for four of us.
3	Came to Vegas to celebrate my 30th birthday and we stayed at the MGM Grand. We wanted to have dinner at a restaurant in our hotel before we headed to the club on Saturday night. Reservations were for 8pm for a party of 11, we weren't seated till 8:30, kind of sucked considering I made the reservations a month in advance. Ordered the short rib raviolini. Was just ok for me. Our waiter wasn't that attentive and he only came around a couple of times. I really wanted to like this restaurant but am sorry to say that I kind of wish we went to Craftsteak instead.
5	Every time I'm in Vegas I have to treat myself to Fiamma!  First, the service is always amazing, very friendly and very informative.  The wine selection is also very impressive, we tried the Venica Ronco del Cero Sauvignon And it was Amazing!My friend and I decided to each try something different and share.  I had the gnocchi with lobster, it was so delicious.  She had the risotto with scallops and shrimp and it was equally delicious.All in all this restaurant never disappoints.  It is quite expensive so be prepared to lay down some cash but it is absolutely worth it!
5	This remains our favorite restaurant in Vegas.  Amazing Italian food, creative menu and the service is top notch.  Interesting drink menu.  If you go, do not miss the pasta.  It's house-made and fantastic.
5	We had reservation at 7 and were seated immediately. Our table was at the front of the restaurant with a great view to people watch. The was worth the money alone. Our server was friendly, knowledgable and mad great recommendations. We started with the Amazing calimari. I had the spaghetti with freakin Kobe beef meatballs. My wife was doing the Robot over the Gnocchi trio. She said it melted in her mouth. For dessert, amazingness on a dish. Overall great food, service and experience.
3	This place was decent. We sat near the outside of the restaurant, close to passing traffic. Wasn't crazy about that. I had the gnocchi sampler. The lobster gnocchi is very rich, so it tasted good. The other two were pretty unremarkable. Service was good. Maybe I just ordered the wrong dish, but I wasn't overwhelmed.
2	So the fettuccini pesto with chicken was all chicken fat!  The end of the night. Cold refrigerated bread, cold butter, kitchen chef gone... Ridiculous. Shouldn't have taken our reservation.
5	First timer. The bartender was great last night! Meatballs to die for, great salad. I'll be back to try the whole menu.
5	My wife and I were wandering around looking for a good dinner spot for the following night when we walked by Fiamma.  We looked at the menu and decided to try it.  Am I glad we did.  It was one of the best Italian meals I've ever had in my entire life and possibly the best.  First, we shared the buffalo mozzarella salad which was amazing.  I asked the waitress (who was very helpful) what she recommended for an entree and she told me the most popular dish was the short rib ravioli.  She called them "little pockets of love".  I had it and she wasn't lying.  Overall, great service, great food, and reasonably priced for a nice Vegas restaurant.  I highly recommend.
5	I was here for a business meeting, so I had nice food and dinners all weekend.  I took myself " off the grid" and escaped for a quiet dinner at Fiamma... I was not disappointed.   Had been here a few years ago for dinner.This time, the food was amazing, the service friendly and attentive.  I had the boar ragu gnocchi and the caprese salad.  Both were superb!   Paired with a Super Tuscan from the appreciated wine list (not that their cellar is Spartan...they have both a short and long list from which to choose), it was one of the best meals I can remember!Non cheap, but what is in Vegas these days.  Run, don't walk to this restaurant,
4	I had a delightful meal at Fiamma last night with some coworkers.  I had a good feeling when the greeter told us our server would be 'Dallas', since I live in the DFW area... it was just meant to be.  Dallas was a great server, very knowledgeable about the menu - I always give servers at Italian restaurants a menu-workout since I cannot eat basil which is ubiquitous in many dishes.  But, she knew right away which dishes I would be fine with and which I should avoid.   She also gave me a great recommendation when I asked for a cocktail that was sweet and not too strong -- the pear martini was AMAZING.  It tasted like a slightly spiked pear juice.  Probably my favorite boozy drink I have had in years.  I could have drank a 32 oz. big gulp of that stuff (though I probably wouldn't have been able to walk afterwards) -- so a martini size portion was very nice.I ordered the grilled tiger prawns for a starter and the osso buco as my entree.  Both were terrific.  The prawns appetizer comes with four good sized prawns over a bed of a puttanesca/marinara type sauce -- tomatoes & capers.  Very, succulent and tasty.  The osso buco comes in a bath of sauce with vegetables and mini gnocchi/spaetzle - I think I enjoyed the bath even more than the meat itself, though the meat was fork tender, melt in your mouth.  I think Dallas said the meat was marinated many hours in Peroni beer, but it did not have a beer taste.There was a good delay between courses but Dallas did ask if we were in any kind of hurry, so presumably service could have been sped up if necessary, but this is the kind of meal you want to enjoy casually and not hurry.  I may try the prawn & scallop risotto next time as that sounded awfully good.  I have to go back for that pear martini though, regardless.
4	My Husband and I had a very nice dinner at the Fiamma. Our server David was delightful, he suggested Torta Cioccolato for dessert which was delicious for chocolate lover. I had the short rib raviolini so good, and my hubby had bustarelle which was so good he said. The Cesear salad was delicious, very nice place will return for sure.
4	37 bodies.I had to leave 37 bodies Force Choked out on the ground of Fiamma as a result of my last visit  The casinos are a shining example of how fools and their money are soon parted, the little corner of the MGM was a shining example of how they are also parted from their lives when they try to mock me.Yes, I order fruity drinks here.  Every time.  And you know what?  I'll continue to do so, because I'm comfortable enough in my masculinity (and the knowledge that this outfit buys me a lot of leeway) to accept that the mixologists at this place are the absolute best in the business, and to put my taste buds in their capable hands.  Don't you judge me!Their lead vodka jockey, a bloke named Kerry, has apparently won more bartending awards than the amount of planets I've blown up.  Oh, don't you even start with that whole "You only blew up 1, Darth!" nonsense...do you have any idea how many takes had to be done before George was happy with the results?  I wasted entire solar systems....and then Pixar came around 20 years later and started making CGI that looked better than the real thing and made all my hard work for naught.Anyways, where was I?  Oh yes, Fiamma.  So they serve a drink here called the raspberry cheesecake which might very well be the finest piece of alcohol I've ever passed through my respirator.  It was so good that I tipped hundreds of dollars just for the damn recipe.  Yes, it's pink.  No, I don't care.  The 6 of you that started joking that I should exchange my black outfit for one that made me look like the Pink Power Ranger learned that lesson the hard way.  After that drink, I typically put myself in the hands of the bartender, letting them pick the drinks.  So what if I squee'd like a little girl when they handed me one that tasted like a damn cinnamon roll?  The 16 of you who laughed at that?  I hope you had great life insurance policies.  That lemony thing that followed?  If the 11 of you who laughed at my drinking of that had instead noticed that I enjoyed it so much that I Force Blackjacked (my new Jedi trick) everybody in the casino instead of sniggering, maybe you'd still be alive right now.  And the 3 of you who decided to poke fun because I gleefully turned Yoda into the equivalent of a Tickle Me Elmo doll after Kerry pushed that red velvet cake flavoured thing in my direction, when did I give YOU permission to laugh?  Was I tickling you under your chin like I was that little green bastard?  NO.  Enjoy your after-life, morons.So if I have all this positivity to say about this place, why the 4 star review?  Simple - the food is entirely forgettable.  Pass on it entirely.  Force Float your way to the bar (you *do* know how to Force Float, right?), sit down, decline the menu, and drink.  Then go across the hall to craftsteak for dinner.  Some of you may have noticed the bodycount is only at 36.  Well that's because Dave from St. Paul Minnesota is reading this review right now and saying "What a pansy that guy Darth is.  Fruity drinks?  Come on!".  Yes, I hear you, Dave.  Say goodbye now....4 Deathstars.
3	I'm basing this review off a small sample of what Fiamma offers, but in my opinion, every bite counts!  Pops and I shared the orecchiette with sausage and we both felt that the flavor was unique but the dish was just too rich.  In fact, I'm afraid we couldn't even finish it, begrudgingly defying our personal motto of "No Food Left Behind."  Sadness.  Then there was the tiramisu, thick and custard-like, quite unlike the light and airy dessert that we adore.  More sadness. On the plus side, there was an extensive, interesting menu of craft beer and the service was excellent.  However, with the food not being the best in town and a steep bill for a drink each and sharing a main course & dessert, I'm willing to *bet* my $75 would be better spent elsewhere.
2	Underwhelming in one word. Service was great and our sommelier was top notch but the food was dull and flavorless. We had a group of 12 and had many of the entrees, appetizers and starters on the menu and no one was impressed. I had their steak, which was a mediocre cut with poor marbling no better than a grocers. The starter soup (broccoli and cheese) tasted like like neither. Dined at Pearl the night before which was better.
3	I had went to Fiamma for lunch between conferences over the weekend. Now, I am fully aware everything in Vegas is marked up 800%, but I didn't think my mediocre sized plate of spaghetti and marinara warranted a $21 price tag. The spaghetti was fresh and it was delicious, however didn't leave me too impressed. The Caesar Salad was also good. I guess coming from the east coast I've had better, for a lot cheaper.
3	Interesting atmosphere, ok food, and fairly decent drinks has me rating Fiamma a 3.0 out of a possible 5.0.  I just didn't really get into the vibe of the place and being that it was offseason the place was not close to being full.  Maybe the vibe is different when it is busier.
5	Amazing carpaccio, and the gnocchi sampler is to die for. The lobster gnocchi  is melti in your mouth. loved it Good wine, reasonable prices. absolutely worth going
4	Great Short Ribs, great ambience, great service!
3	Overpriced menu and wine list is mediocre and pricey. Entrees and appetizers are about the same size.  Food is well prepared but fewer selections than most  Italian restaurants.  There are many better choices in Las Vegas for Italian cuisine. The service was good but not excellent.
5	Really quite an amazing risotto, good desserts, nice staff and a really nice atmosphere. Not my first trip here either. So far I have liked everything I have had here.
1	Had a ribeye steak last week.  It was horrible and cost 70 dollars.  I've had better steak at Sizzler.
3	Cuisine (3.5-star): Calamari had a nice kick with pepperoncini, a nice marinara and tomato aioli. Braised short rib is one of Fiamma's signature dishes - the short rib had a nice wine reduction but wasn't the most memorable I've had. Would return to try the gnocchi tasting.Service (2.5-star): New waiter was nervous and visibly awkward, despite our simple party of two. Attentive but simply wasn't ready for dinner service.Ambiance (3-star): Restaurant is fairly loud and better suited for large groups.
4	Ate here on 6/10/12.Started with the calamari. Some of the best I've ever had. The complimentary bread was good, served with olive oil. We asked for balsamic to mix in with the olive oil and it was much better! My wife and I split the Caesar salad which was also very good. Then, we split the short rib ravioli. It was delicious. We ate some really nice dinners on this trip but, my wife liked Fiamma the best. Good service especially on a busy fight night.
4	Good food, typical high Las Vegas prices, noisy environment, attentive service. Prawns on fettuccine were huge and delicious
4	The Lemon Drops at the bar were by far the most flavorful & the most potent I've ever had.Very impressed with the quality of taste and the excellent service.The only reason I give this place 4 stars as opposed to 5 is the fact that I love Italian food but the only food that stands out to me after a month has gone by since our visit was  the dessert.
5	Perfect bination of pasta and amazing Itlaian wines... best part the pasta its made in house, good polenta and outstanding service. salute ... I'm be back soon ....
5	We ate dinner at Fiamma after watching UFC. I am so glad we did because the food is really delicious although very pricey (a friend paid for everything though, so it's all good!). I had the calamari as an appetizer. It was light and crispy with lots of flavor. There were even some fried peperoncinis and fried zucchini thrown in there and It came with two yummy dipping sauces. For my entree I ordered the scallops and prawns with risotto. I was getting pretty full by the time it came but it was just so good I had to eat it all up! The scallops and prawns were cooked perfectly and the risotto turned out very well, not overcooked and mushy. The staff was awesome as well! They were very attentive and friendly. I really enjoyed my experience at Fiamma.
4	Service was just OK for us. The group of 6 behind us that were raising hell got multiple servers and manager visits. We got a waiter and 0 management visits. Maybe I should raise hell next time.The sommelier was very polite and helpful.We ordered the Tuscan flat-bread for an appetizer. It was excellent when you actually got some of the prosciutto in a bite. Seems they skimped on it quite a bit. Good flavors overall.My wife had the scallop and prawn risotto. She loved it and actually could not eat the whole thing. I tasted it and the risotto seemed to be well made and correct texture.I ordered the gnocchi sampler: The spinach gnocchi was too creamy for my tastes but was ok overall.The goat ragu  gnocchi I swear was beefy mac straight from a can with some seasoning added. This was the low light of the meal.The lobster gnocchi was out of this world. I can't recommend it enough. I should have ordered a full serving of this!
4	I'm giving this four stars because I definitely consider myself a fan, but honestly it might be closer to 3 1/2. The food here was solid, and everyone in my group of eight was happy, but I think if I went back to Vegas, I personally might like to try a different Italian place. That said, if you haven't been here, definitely worth going.I got the calamari as an appetizer and the gnocchi trio as my meal. The calamari was very good -- so good, in fact, it got positive reviews from a few people who normally don't like calamari. The gnocchi trio was very good, too -- the gnocchi was cooked perfectly in every case, and the different seasonings were interesting. I initially thought I might just order the traditional potato gnocchi lobster, but I was surprised to find I liked the two other types better, and the veggie type the most. The service was top notch, among the best we saw in Vegas. The place is on the pricey side, though, especially for what it is, and that is what takes it from a five star place to a 3 and a half.
1	Bad service, bad food, not worth it.First they try to give us a bad table even though the place is almost empty and then have an attitude when we ask for another table.  They don't even move our water and drinks for us.Second, their "famous" spaghetti and meatball is very much like Chef Boy-Ar-Dee in a canThird, my wife's salad was suppose to have goat cheese and walnuts but you would have needed a bloodhound to search them outFourth, service is slow and surlyFifth, Overpriced to boot!!People say Vegas has improved in culinary style but you can't tell by this placeFind another place to eat and drink - there are plenty of choicesThe Smiths
5	I love pasta and this by far the best pasta I have ever had. While we stayed at the MGM we decided to eat here and boy were we happy :) Our first night we came here we had the braised short rib ravioli that was topped with a white wine reduction and black truffles (OMG, this was to die for) and I had the meatballs and pasta (the meatballs were so tender). The service was incredible and our waiter matched our wine to our pasta dishes perfectly. I wish they had a restaurant like this close to Sacramento, I would be there every weekend. Cant wait to go back to Vegas just for this places pasta dishes, yummy :)
5	We had tickets to Ka so we decided to just make a "date night"-type evening by getting reservations at Fiamma. We were told by the concierge when we made the reservations that the dress code for Fiamma is supposed to be business casual - collared shirts included. We had expected to dress up for at least one meal during our Vegas stay, so we were well-prepared. However, when we showed up at Fiamma, we were surprised (and a little put-off) by the number of people that failed to adhere to the dress code, which is noted on the website as well as by the MGM staff.  There was a fair amount people in casual clothing as though they literally just walked in from sight-seeing all day in shorts and sandals. In any event, the Fiamma staff, and our server in particular, were stellar and very friendly. Even the managers stopped by a few times to check on us. Compared to our experience at Fleur the night before, the Fiamma staff definitely was better and more attentive. The staff was also very knowledgeable about the menu and food in general and based upon their explanations and questioning, I'm guessing they get a fair amount of guests that aren't really that knowledgeable about food and wine. This evening, we ordered/tried:- Crispy calamari: This came with a lot more tentacles than the "rings", which doesn't bother me, but important to note in case you are with diners that won't eat calamari tentacles. Generally speaking, the batter was light and crispy, and the tiny fried pieces of zucchini and pepperoncini were unexpected but tasty. The tomato aioli is a great accompaniment and we preferred that over the marinara. - Traditional potato gnocchi with lobster, mushrooms and black truffles: If you like black truffles and mushrooms, this is definitely the dish for you. The sauce is literally a powerhouse of mushrooms and truffles. The lobster bites themselves are tasty but generally speaking, the mushroom sauce takes center stage. The gnocchi is definitely housemade and pillow-y with a slight bite. - Scallops and prawns risotto: This came with three large bay scallops and three huge wild prawns. The scallops were cooked well, though I personally prefer a little more caramelization than this. The prawns were very fresh and cooked perfectly through. The risotto was cooked with just enough moisture left in it that it didn't turn into a paste as it cooled. Too often, risotto is served without enough moisture and it congeals into an unappetizing mess. Here, the risotto remained consistent and "smooth". - Torta al cioccolato: We went with the recommendation of the server, who said this is one of the signature desserts at Fiamma. Maybe it is because I was really full at this point, but I didn't love it as much as I thought I would. I prefer a more gooey, rich chocolate cake and this one was more cakey than gooey. I think it needed more ganache and mousse. This came with chocolate gelato, which tasted very much like a fudgsicle. - Fiamma "The Original" (cocktail): My husband really liked this one (enough to order multiples of it). It wasn't sweet at all, which is probably why I wasn't personally a fan. - Kerry's Strawberry Balsamic (cocktail): This was much sweeter than "The Original" and I liked it a lot. There was a hint of the berry which worked with the white balsamic. Nothing overpowered the other so it all blended together quite harmoniously. - Moscato D'Asti (Tintero): Our server treated us to this as a palette cleanser before the dessert and it was actually quite good. I'm generally quite fond of sparkling wines (especially the very sweet ones) and this definitely was on the sweet side (more so than the cocktails actually).- Complimentary bread basket: Okay, so I don't normally review the bread basket, but I really liked the cheese cracker/flatbread that arrived. It was light and crunchy with just the right amount of cheese. The olive oil that came with the bread basket was nice too, with just a hint of olive versus a "bam, in your face" olive flavor.I think the food is more of a 4 star, but the service was impeccable and very friendly, so that bumped it up to a 5 star rating for me.
5	This is the place to go to in the MGM Grand if you want good Italian and do not want to spend a cool grand on a meal. The place is nice and you may think it's an arm and a leg but it's pretty affordable considering the other options, and don't worry about the dress code too much because they seem to take anyone. Food is what matters most and it's fantastic here. We started with some fried calamari that was made perfectly, not over-fried ans not too rubbery, the sauce it came with was phenomenal. I also had a Caesar salad for starters and loved it, shaved Parmesan over crunchy lettuce and a cream dressing, the waiter (who was quick and very attentive) topped it off with cracked pepper which make it so much better. For the main course i had the scallop and prawn risotto, which was real good, i had some grated cheese on top and it went perfect with the jumbo "prawn" which was really just regular shrimp, but I'll forgive them because their food is that good. Our dinner for 4 with a starter and main course plus a glass of wine was $212, which is great for a non-casual dinner spot that is semi-trendy. Come here and enjoy if you are staying in the MGM Grand because you will love it, just be aware you should put at least 90 minutes aside (and probably 2 hours) because they like to spread out the meal the way it's supposed to be! There's also a bar inside if you want to start early.
3	I'm really torn about this review. On one hand, the food our party of 8 got at Fiamma was delicious but on the other hand, the service was so bad it almost ruined our dinner completely. Despite the quality of the food I probably wouldn't rush to return to Fiamma. There are just way too  many good places to eat in Vegas to repeat this place.
5	We had our five year anniversary dinner here and it was fantastic!
1	What an utterly disappointing experience!!!   The food and service was awful and for that pleasure we spent $158.   We actually backed off from the drinks and desert just because our entrees and the service were so bad; left there and went to Emeril's for our finishing touches.   I had spaghetti and meatballs - because I was craving it - and got a dirty look from the waiter, as if I was ordering cheap off the menu.  The spaghetti was an over-cooked pile of mush, the meatballs very dense and unseasoned and the sauce tasted like it just came out of Chef-Boryardee's can of ravioli (you know the taste, you have fed this to your kids!).  I was shocked.  My husband's pasta dish was edible but absolutely nothing to scream about.  I will say the appetizer of lobster bisque was very tasty, but also very pricey with very little lobster.   We chose this restaurant specifically because it was in the MGM Grand where we would afterwards enjoy Neil Diamond's last concert of his current tour.  The only good thing this restaurant did for us was to play Neil's music in anticipation of the concert and we enjoyed watching several tables of people signing along who also had tickets.  One lady even told us when we were leaving "see you there!"  Well, anyway, we got out of there as quickly and painlessly as possible and took ourselves to Emeril's for a wonderful desert and several cocktails before heading to the show.  Really too bad we did not book for dinner at Emeril's.  All I can say is..... shame on you Fiamma's for almost ruining a night we had looked forward to for NINE months!
4	Loved that this place has the upscale feel but also can still be casual.  We came here after Ka and it was nice.  Good italian food, good wine, good prices for Vegas Strip .. no complaints.  Good service and we had a nice corner table for us to chat in.  Loved the ambiance too.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE! This is one of my favorite places to dine in Las Vegas. The setting is romantic and great for a high quality meal. The wine list is extensive and everything I have ever had has been amazing. Although the Kobe Meatballs are my favorite! I will be back again soon!
2	I have eaten here several times and have found that the service is uneven at best.  This past time, I waited for 45 minutes to receive my entrees, and my drinks were empty for the majority of the meal.  Other times that I have been here, the service has been attentive and friendly.The restaurant is located in the MGM and has a beautiful dining room.  It is dimly lit and has a great atmosphere.  The server greeted us shortly after we sat down and took our order.  When I asked him for recommendations, he recommended the short ribs, the short rib raviolini and the lobster gnocchi.  We wound up ordering the Pistachio Crusted Grilled Shrimp appetizer, the Caesar Salad, the Raviolini and the Gnocchi.The shrimp came out and were delicious, although they had a fairly scant amount of pistachios dusting them.  It was served with a delicious sauce, made of tomatoes and olives.  The shrimp were cooked through and were large and plump.  The Caesar salad was delicious.  The dressing was garlicky and was fairly standard, but the croutons made this salad memorable.  I am not usually a crouton fan, but my companion and I fought over who got the last one.The entrees, which took an additional ten minutes to arrive after our server said that they would be out in just a minute, were okay.  Well, one was good, and one earned my "Never Again" award.The Raviolini was deceptive.  The portion looked small.  The stuffed pasta looked danty, as well as delicious.  And it was definitely delicious.  But dainty it ain't.    More like stick to your (braised short) ribs filling.  These suckers are enough to make two meals out of.  They had a delicious, intense flavor.  Their meaty goodness had me salivating over them.  I would return for these, but I am not sure that I would wait as long as I did for them again.  If you go, order this.  Don't order the atrocity that I review next.The lobster Gnocchi, one of the proclaimed house specialties, was so disappointing, that if I had seen my waiter in the first ten minutes after the food had been delivered, I would have said something.  The gnocchi was overcooked and had the consistency of glue.  The sauce appeared to have been broken.  There was a thin layer of oil on top of what otherwise appeared to be a delicious sauce.  The menu billed it as having truffle in it, but truffle was not evident in the taste.  The five small pieces of lobster were flavorful.  I just wish there had been a little more.When the server removed our plates, he didn't even acknowledge that apart from the lobster, my gnocchi was barely touched.  I rated this location the way I did based on numerous visits, so it scored higher than I would have scored it based on this visit alone.
1	This place was the worst restaurant ever.The lasagna tasted like crappy Stouffer's makes better frozen lasagna please do not ever waste your money go to McDonald's and get a  Big Mac instead.Way over priced .
4	This was the last restaurant our group of 10 enjoyed during our Vegas vacation last weekend.  It is a lovely restaurant and was pretty busy on a Sunday night.  After eating and drinking all weekend, we took it easy and stuck to entrees, not appetizers or cocktails.  A few of us had the scallop and prawn risotto, which was really good.  Another couple of folks had the gnocchi and really enjoyed it.  The biggest raves seemed to be for the pork shank, which everyone who ordered it said was fork tender and had amazing flavor.  Only 1 out of 3 folks finished their order.  The portions are very generous and the prices were pretty decent compared to the other places we visited in Vegas.The only knock on this place would be the service.  It took too long for the food to come out and our waiter was not as attentive as I believe he should have been.  Everyone on our group ranked this restaurant as one of the top restaurants on our trip, and we ate at several great restaurants, so I would definitely visit it again the next time we visit Vegas.
4	I went here with my family last night before the Madonna concert.  Honestly, I wanted to go somewhere else and I was thinking, "another Americanized Italian restaurant, great!" We got there 30 minutes early for our 6pm reservation but they seated us right away.  You can smell the wonderful aroma of truffles as soon as you enter.  My heart started beating faster and I knew right away that I was in for a great meal.The interior looks sophisticated as most Strip hotel restaurants should be.  It was clean and dimly-lit.  Our server provided ok service and the manager was doing his rounds to make sure everyone's having a great dining experience.We liked the the cheesy thin flatbread from the bread basket.  The lobster bisque was good and slightly spicy.  The RAVIOLINI and GNOCCHI with lobster - OMG, to die for!  I can't get over it. The raviolini are filled with short-rib on black truffle cream with a drizzle of red wine reduction - a beautiful dish and I want everyone to try it.  I got the pasta trio with gnocchi, agnolotti and orecchiette.  All three were good but next time I'll just get the gnocchi so I can enjoy more of it.  Soft potato gnocchi goodness swimming in black truffle cream - that alone was good enough but they had to put Maine lobster to it which doubles the goodness.  We also tried the shrimp scallop risotto and fettuccine - they were pretty good.For dessert - we tried the cheesecake trilogy, torta al ciocolatto, semifreddo al torrone and tiramisu.  I wanted to try the Nutella gelato since I'm addicted to Nutella but I'm lactose intolerant and still had a concert to go to.  After having amazing entrees, dessert seemed quite boring.  Don't get me wrong, the desserts were good but I just wanted more raviolini and gnocchi.
4	This is a great option if you are wanting a nice dinner without completely breaking the bank. It can still get pretty pricey, but the entrees are in the $25 - $35 range making it possible to keep your check down if you don't add a bunch of extras.Our service was pretty good, I never had to wait very long for anything. I sort of made my own entree. I wasn't looking for anything very heavy. I was eying the "Spaghetti Chitarra" but thought the prawns sounded good on the Fettuccine with pesto sauce. I ended up with the Chitarra with prawns instead of meatballs. The pasta was delicious. It definitely tasted homemade. The prawns were some of the best I've had - super fresh and perfectly cooked.For dessert I really wanted the Crochette, but unfortunately they were out. We ended up going with the semifreddo al terrone, which was like a frozen meringue. Great flavor and not at all heavy.I definitely thought this place was way better than Shibuya across the hall. We didn't have reservations when we showed up at 6pm on a Sunday night before a concert, but they had a long wait when we tried to come on Saturday so I recommend reservations if possible!
3	Food was okay. I liked our server Doug. He did a good job, and making us feel special even when he gave us champagne and made us feel like we were only ones that got it just cause. And then I look around and see that everyone got one too. Not falling for that. But he was still nice. Sommelier was interesting. My fish was crunchy on the ends, but not throughout, so I did not enjoy my wet fish.  My salad was not freshly made. The leaves were wilted by the time it got to me.  I am not sure how others in my party felt about their food. I sill had a good time. I really liked my side of baked cauliflower, even though the pieces were gigantic! That actually really annoyed me actually. It would be nice if the cauliflower pieces were more bite sized so I can eat it more elegantly.  Also, they made us wait a little bit even though we made a reservation. There is no waiting area, so this was a little annoying. I don't think there was room at the bar, or we were not expecting to wait that long.
3	If U have tickets for Ka at the MGM Grand, and are in the mood for Italian ,Fiamma is a good choice. The fare is better than fair,  but won't blow U away.Shared a chopped salad with my wife which was more than enough,deserving 3-4 stars. My wife ordered the highly touted Kobe meat balls and spaghetti (yikes!! $32). Don't do it . The tomato sauce was no better than some canned or bottled varieties. The pasta was over cooked.The meat balls were a bit dry, without any special flavor..U would be better off  dropping the  $32 dollars into a nearby  slot  rather than gambling with your tastebuds on this item.(1-2 stars).The lobster gnocchi  was another matter....flavorful, filling and not too "glue like" which other have commented on(4 stars).The bar items and wine were fine.The staff was friendly , informative and efficient. Important: Try to get  a table  in the back of the restaurant, to avoid the noise of the slots and the gapers walking by , unless U enjoy sharing your ambience with the non-diners.
3	I came here with my bf after looking at all the upscale restaurants MGM Grand had to offer. We were given a $75 dining credit with our stay so we thought we'd get our money's worth with a top notch Italian place. This was certainly not up to par with all the hype it's been given. We stopped by to look over the menu and it looked delicious on paper, but not in reality. I ordered the orechiette with sausage because that is one of my favorite pasta dishes and first off, our dishes came out way too quickly, it was odd, made it look like they were not cooked to order. Secondly, it did not mention in the description of my dish what type of sauce it was and I was not expecting a red cream sauce. I wish it was traditional tomato sauce. Everything was chopped in my pasta like a salad, which I didn't like. My bf's lobster gnocchi was just ok, he mentioned it was extremely rich and thought he was eating soup.  The sauce was not his favorite and he politely asked when ordering if they could do meat sauce and said "No". So that was that. The one yummy tasting thing was the $9 asparagus sprinkled with parmasean cheese, yea it better be for that price.All in all, I would not return to this establishment, sorry MGM grand.
2	Went for a family dinner, 6 people total, which was part of the problem, automatic 18% gratuity starts at 6 people. The server, Dallas, obviously was not worried about having to provide good service and was generally hostile.The atmosphere was very nice, but the cigarette smoke coming in from the casino does detract from the overallfeeling.Started with the Antipasto platter for $18, the server did not mention that it would only really serve two. Two us us had the Petaluma Chicken dish, both were too dry. Two of us had the Scallops and Shrimp Risotto which was excellent except for just having two scallops and three shrimp total in the dish for $36. The last two shared a steak which was pretty good. The cauliflower side was not good at all.The Ricotta Cheese Cake was good, we shared it, and after we were almost finished the server asked if we needed plates. The icing on the cake was getting charged $24 for $3 worth of Pellagrino water and the waitress saying that's just the way it is!There are too many great restaurants in twon to ever go back.
5	The lobster gnocchi is ridiculous, and the short rib raviolis are so good too! Very expensive but totally worth it, especially for a fancy date night.
3	My wife and I decided to walk around the strip and find somewhere to eat. I had read reviews on Yelp about Fiamma and had also seen in recommended on other websites as well. Normally I'm not huge on Italian, but my wife loves it and rarely gets to eat it these days. Anyway, we were walking through the MGM Grand and I see Fiamma. All I could think was that I was outrageously underdressed. I was wearing a t-shirt, jeans, and chucks. I have plenty of nice clothes with me on the trip but I was just into something more casual on this particular evening. My wife spotted a few people that were inside that also seemed to be dressed very casually. We decided to try to get in and low and behold, absolutely no problem. They even seated us directly next to the edge of the restaurant so that people walking through the casino could see us. What I begin to think was "okay, so not only do you not care about how I'm dressed, but you're alright with all the other people walking around seeing that I'm underdressed which will attract more people here." To me that is a sign that they're really not doing all that well. The restaurant does go pretty far back, so maybe this is just where they sit assholes that show up without a collared shirt. I dunno. The music blaring in the MGM Grand was also very annoying.Our server was very lackluster, but I try as hard as I can to not put too much emphasis on service when I rate somewhere. Everyone has a very different idea of what they like in service and I know that I'm somewhat picky when it comes to what I like and what I don't like. One thing is for sure, that if I've literally taken one bite of my food and you come and ask me "how is everything?" you can count on me being pretty annoyed with you. Anyway, I could go off on this tangent forever.The food! I ordered the raviolini which was literally the redemption of this place. It was outstanding! Full of flavor and cooked properly! The black truffles added a nice earthiness to the meal that was much needed to get through the sauce. Now, my wife ordered a special of the day that was some sort of pasta with a heaping number of truffles! She let me try a bite and I must say that my choice was the better one.Service: 2 stars.Ambiance: 2 stars (maybe in the back of the restaurant where I didn't feel like I was still inside the casino it would've been better)Food: 4 stars.
3	We dined here on 1.5.13 (a Saturday evening). We were in town to celebrate my birthday and we were looking forward to a fancy dinner. We stayed at MGM so we preferred to dine in house. Fiamma it was!Let's talk dress code. We dressed up, I would say to above what they require as the dress code, so to see people walk in with super casual dress on was a little off-putting.We did not make a reservation but we were able to get a table right away.The ambiance of Fiamma is gorgeous. Dark, clean and sexy. The music is not too loud at all, though we were seated further to the back, so the music from the casino wasn't so obvious. Speaking of seats, we were seating at a not so great table initially, and my husband asked if we could be moved to a cozier seat. The host happily moved us, but this seemed to put our server a little out of shape.My husband mentioned that it was my birthday and we were given glasses of prosecco on the house, which was nice. The bread basket was fine, we both really loved the cheese crispy bread (for want of a better description!). I ordered a starter of butternut squash soup, garnished with spinach and shrimp (but I held the shrimp). We got mezzaluna ravioli with a tomato sauce and a fettucini with pancetta, shaved garlic and mushrooms. The soup was smooth and a little creamy, and the spinach was a lovely addition. My husband enjoyed his ravioli, and my fettucini was delicious. I haven't had pancetta for a while so it was a little treat. The servings are pretty generous we were both satisfied with our meal.The service - Our server did not seem happy to be there at all. He was listless and gave the appearance of being annoyed at any requests or questions. He was overly attentive, in a way. He checked on us seemingly every few minutes, but seemed to not really be invested in how we were doing, more like he was checking out of habit? He just gave me a weird vibe. We also had other managers checking on us constantly, which made actually enjoying the meal and the company of my husband a little difficult. Lastly, our server seemed annoyed that we did not want to order dessert or coffee.Overall - The food and ambiance was lovely, the service was a little off-putting.
5	We came here for dinner with a big group and it was delicious!  For dinner we had a pre-arranged menu consisting of salad, pasta with meat sauce, some chicken, and chocolate cake.  All good!  No complaints!  Would return again!
1	Pretty disappointed, probably one of the worse Italian meals I've had considering the price.  I expect pretty good food if I'm paying $35 for a pasta dish.It was getting late and Wicked spoon already closed so we were stuck with finding something in the hotel for convenience.  I was in the mood for Italian so picked this place, though I was really close to choosing Scarpetta.  Too bad I didn't.When we got there, it was pretty empty.  That was a clue already.We ordered the lasagna and the trio.  I could not believe how bad the trio was, all starch and hardly any meat.  It was just poorly made.  It didn't taste fresh, more like it was just heated up.  Soggy groose pasta. The lasagna was okay, nothing special but it was worth more like $15 at most.Two strikes for the hotels in the back alley of MGM (Shibuya and Fiamma).
3	Pretty good deal for the food here, more so than at other restaurants at MGM Grand. I ended up just getting a dish to go - the Mezzaluna. For $22, I was impressed with the serving size (plus an entire to-go box filled with fresh bread AND their cheesy crackers). The mezzaluna was flavorful and filling. So why just 3 stars? Well, I only ate about half of the food...I started feeling sick to my stomach so I decided to quit while I was ahead. I only have one food allergy (spinach - I know, random) and that wasn't an ingredient, so I have no idea why it made me feel ill. It was good while it lasted, though!
4	A solid 4 star.  Boss took us here during CES and the place was jam packed. We had reservation and didn't have to wait. Water and breads were brought over quickly. Plenty of choices for the different tastes and preferences in the party. I had the gnocchi - very rich and creamy and delicious.  Even though the place was busy, the service was still good and we weren't rushed.
3	The food was nice, no more than nice, quite pricy and a bit over the top. The atmosphere was a bit too loud for a fancy restaurant.
4	Arriving at evening opening time 5:30 , we were promply shown our table. I would highly recommend the chef's specialty pasta's - these are very tasty and beautifully presented. Certainly these small bowls spill over with exceptional quality. The Tiramisu dessert is to die for ! - service was great if a little intrusive but overall agreat experience here.
3	Unfortunately, I wasn't feeling the vibe at Fiamma.  But that wasn't completely their fault. It just happened that the folks at the table next to me were having a bad day.  Dropping F-Bombs in every sentence and just weren't feeling the food as well, eating beside them wasn't making my experience any better.  The pasta tasting trio was pretty good.  It's essentially a sampling of their signature pasta dishes.http://bit.ly/11JyV2eTRADITIONAL POTATO GNOCCHI - Maine Lobster, Cremini Mushroom, Black Truffle CremaAGNOLOTTI -Beef, Veal, and Pork Ravioli, Wild Mushroom, Veal DemiORECCHIETTE - Spiced Sausage, Broccoli Rabe, Hot Pepper Flakes, Sun Dried TomatoesI'm not sure if I would order the trio again though since my favorite of the three, the lobster gnocchi was the best tasting of the three and the only one I really enjoyed.Service was kind of iffy though since my server would vanish on me at certain times when I needed him.  It did give me some time to just sit back and people watch from my table.  But in Vegas, time is definitely short and I was really ready to leave once I had finished my pasta.If I were to come back to Fiamma, I would definitely go for another round of their Lobster Gnocchi.  But with a vast multitude of Italian restaurants on the Strip, it may not be for a while.
5	We called a few days after the dinner and complained to Anthony, the GM about our previous expereince. He not only sympathized but invited us back to have dinner on him.What a difference the 2nd time was! Great service. Great wine. Amazing Lobster Bisque! Great Seafood Platter with Caviar, and the Surf and Turf was perfectly cooked!We have been back again with friends this weekend and the experience was just as good!What a way for a manager to turn a disgruntled customer into a fan!See more reviews at http://www.TheVegasEvent.com
5	I fell in love with the dim lighting and sexy decor while walking by and I vowed I would be back for dinner before we left our weekend stay at the MGM. Well vows are not meant to be broken and this place met all my expectations and then some... The service was amazing, loved the bread basket, food was delicious, and the drinks did not disappoint.I had the mediterranean sea bass and it was simply divine!!! Keep in mind mediterranean sea bass nothing like chilean sea bass which is my favorite of the two... However, they mediterranean sea bass still rocked my taste buds!My friend had the roasted chicken and boasted it 5 stars!!! Everything was perfect at Fiamma Trattoria and this place doesn't deserve anything less than 5 stars!
1	Save your money. Mediocre food and sub par service dressed up in upscale decor. Overlooked ravioli, over salted gnocchi, indifferent, my-aren't-we-haughty service. Go to Emeril's to be coddled with great service and great food. (Food + Service ) Divided By Price = 1 star.
4	Great decor, great food, the price was worth for how good the food was.
3	Nice space - dim but not dark.  Ate at the bar by choice - great bartender recommended thedragonfruit daquiri (not too sweet and not blended - it was light and refreshing)  Had a nice sized shrimp and scallop risotto(seafood was excellent)  colleague had short rib ravioli (also good and a nice sized portion).  Bread with dinner was good - my only complaint?  a little too heavy handed with the salt.  Recommend overall for business dinner. Eating at the bar we were made welcome, had attentive service and met some more interesting attendees from our conference.
3	I would have given 5 stars, based on the food, decor, ambiance and service. However, they really messed up at the end. Their credit card machine was having a problem processing my discover card. We kept waiting and waiting and waiting. Then, they convinced me to try another card, which was not working either, so clearly the problem was from them, not me, However, the waiter persuaded me to call my bank, and check. I was placed on hold, and my bank replied that there are no problems with my card. It took forever for us to leave this place. FOREVER, as in 45 minutes, I ve had wine, a good meal, Im ready to gamble and I felt like I was taken hostage in this nice restaurant. Im sorry, but at one point, you gotta give up, the customer comes first. Finally, I was told by the manager that the card went through but that they wont be able to issue a receipt that I could sign, so I felt kinda bad thinking, does that mean no tip for my waiter ? I told the manager that I had no cash and wanted to give a tip to the waiter , manager said not  to worry. I am pretty sure my waiter never got a tip. The whole experience left a bitter-sweet taste in my mouth. I would have expected a credit, a discount, a little something to apologize . Anyways, not sure if I ll be back.
4	It was pretty good. We had the calamari which was excellent. I had the fettuccine with shrimp, it was good.
5	This is a must-stop every year when I visit Las Vegas. The service is great, the ambiance is great, and the food is amazing. My favorite is the scallop and prawn risotto with a strawberry balsamic martini. Both of those things are delicious and I get them every time!!
5	This one surprised me. I was going to the Eagles concert with friends at the MGM Arena and had to make a quick decision about a restaurant nearby. I usually spend some time researching all of our eating and drinking establishments in Vegas. This one took me one minute after reading the menu and some reviews on Yelp. I did make the reservations through Yelp less then a week before dinning. I thought it would be a "good" Italian dinner and off to see the Eagles.Wow-did I underestimate this place! First-it is very modern and sleek. It is a bit loud and full of energy, just like a fun Vegas restaurant should be. There is a bar area where you could have dinner as well.Our server was fine. He did all the basics but it seemed he might have had too many tables to handle that night. At one point we were looking for him but overall he was acceptable. Wine list was nice and I recognized a Cab. listed only by the glass. We asked and they were happy to get us a full bottle even though it was not normally served that way. It was so nice not to have a hassle when we asked about it and the wine was fantastic.I started with the beef carpaccio. It was outstanding-some of the best I have ever had. So fresh and full of flavor. My friends each had the pear and blue cheese salad and raved about it. For a main I had the sea bass. Wow-again full of extraordinary flavor and you could taste the freshness. My friends tasted it and I believe they wished they had ordered it. Another main was the salmon and a third had the beef filet 12 oz. (yes-a big piece of meat). I tasted each and they were melt in your mouth good. We didn't have time for dessert as the Eagles were waiting for us.I knew this would be a good experience but didn't expect a 5 star experience. I highly recommend Fiamma if you are looking for a nice long enjoyable dinner or a quick high quality meal before a show.Oh - and the Eagles concert was 5 stars as well!
4	the service was great, I'm blanking on what I had to eat but I know it was good. it can get a little smoky and you might feel a little cramped. the prices were decent. it's a good place to dine. I might go back.
5	My boyfriend and I ate here last night using some of our casino comps. Everything was first class from the way the host treated us, to the meal to the desert. We had a fantastic veal pasta dish that really blew us away and a lovely apple tart for desert. Great place to bring your family!
2	I was expecting a little more from this place. It was a nice ambiance and as most of restaurants in Vegas are its beautifully decorated but the food was just ok. I had the pesto fettuccine dish and it was very 'woody' tasting for lack of better term and just not that good.
3	Was expecting a decent table, considering we were the first reservation for the night. This was not the case. We were sat basically in the middle of the busy public walkway from the pool. Instead of romantic Italian music, we got to listen to loud rock and roll that was playing in the main walkway. We ordered the lobster gnocchi, and the Lamb special. Her gnocchi was as good as everyone has mentioned previously. My lamb, on the other hand, was inedible. Completely raw, and covered in a glaze that just didn't work. I didn't complain, but when the waiter took my plate and had seen I only took 1 bite, the manager did come apologize. He comped the lamb, but I would have rather eaten the world-class Italian cuisine my girl had been talking about the whole week we were here. My recommendation...Gamble with cash, not this restaurant. With so many amazing places to eat in this town, why take the chances on inedible food, and the horrible ambiance?
3	My boyfriend ate here over New Years and had a great experience, so during another visit to Vegas, he decided it'd be a great place to take me.We arrived and were seated promptly on time. The decor of the restaurant was beautiful, but they seated us at the very front next to the open walkway for hotel guests and it was a little too distracting and loud for my preference. The waiter we had was monotone and very bland. Wasn't really interested in giving suggestions or checking in - mostly just took our orders and delivered the food. He was also quite behind on refilling waters as both of us had to ask twice. The food, however, was a good thing. We ordered the bleu cheese and arugula salad, which I could've eaten the entire bowl of. The parmesan crisps in the bread basket were salty and delicious to accompany our drinks.As for the main courses, I ordered the sea bass with panzanella and my guest had the short rib ravioli. The former was just ok. The fish was cooked well, but didn't have much flavor. The salad dressing was the best thing on the plate, while the panzanella barely had any bread in it! More like a plain salad with some croutons. The ravioli, on the other hand, saved the day. The truffle sauce was maybe the best sauce I've tasted and you could taste the short ribs perfectly.All in all, this wasn't a terrible meal but it wasn't what I expected from a quality Italian restaurant.
4	I had lasagna at the bar.  I personally like these kinds of places (upscale restaurants in the hotel complexes).  I typically order the traditional fare, so I'm probably not going to be the best judge over the full complement of choices.  However, I can say my meal was very tasty and under thirty bucks, which is decent for a casino "sit down" meal.  I can say, my lasagna was prepared a bit too early and had been sitting in a prep oven for a bit too long (the bottom layer was burnt).  However, it still tasted good and I could see the quality in the ingredients.  I'll come back if I'm staying at the MGM.
2	Was not worth the prices at all. I suggest going across the way to Wolf Gang Pucks flavors are much better. my husband had the seafood risotto ick. No seasoning whatsoever overcooked shrimp and scallops. I had the raviolis (mezzaluna) and it was totally mediocre overcooked and the waiter saw I only took two bites and didn't say a word, I didn't complain, I should of tho cause it was way expensive for what I got.. We come to vegas a lot and we will pass on this restaurant next time.
5	We had an amazing dining experience at Fiamma! The ambiance was beautiful and our server was delightful and attentive. I ordered the short rib ravioli and my husband had the meat lasagna; both wonderful choices. The next time we are in Vegas, we will definitely visit this gem of a restaurant again!
5	A regular stop for us on our Vegas trips between trying out new places. Good Italian food at decent prices paired with superb service. 2 tips- ask for the real wine list and feel free to ask if you int see what you want. They share a cellar with Craftsteak (etc) and have hundreds (thousands?) of off menu offerings.- be sure to specify inside seating.  As others have noted the tables by the MGM concourse are a bore.
2	Hadn't been to this restaurant in 6 years.  Remembering how much I loved the gnocchi so I went back for it.  It was good, not great.  For $32 dollars it better be great.  And for $32 dollars and $14 dollar cocktails and glasses of wine starting at $15 dollars, service better be impeccable.  It wasn't.  One time seeing the bus boy and one time seeing the waiter and trying to get eye contact with anyone that could give us some parmesan cheese was ridiculous.
3	Average Italian food, but I may be a little biased living in New York.  Just keep in mind that Las Vegas is a tourist trap where the restaurants are updated and not necessarily the menu.  Changed our reservation time alst minute on a saturday night and it was not a problem...probably because the restaurant was empty.
2	So this is an Italian restaurant located within the MGM Grand area.  It was my husband's birthday and we opted to go for Italian as he loves Italian and we don't normally get it (plus it was way cheaper than the Japanese tasting menu I was eyeing across the way).  I'm going to break down the two parts of the dining experience: food and service.The food was okay.  We split the Spinach salad, which they thoughtfully divided for us.  However, it was just meh -- the dressing was relatively tasteless but there was a great deal of bacon in it.  Then my husband ordered the spaghetti with the Kobe beef meatballs.  I had the pasta trio tasting.  When it came out, my husband was served the orecchiette.  We sent it back to get the appropriate dish which was an excellent idea as the orecchiette was present in my trio and the pasta was just really doughy and the sauce very bland.  My trio also had a lobster gnocchi and a ravioli with some game meat.  The ravioli was actually pretty good and I ate every bite of it and almost licked up the sauce.  The gnocchi was okay, but they used a lot of lobster in what felt like compensation for the blandness of the rest of the dish.  My husband's spaghetti however was terrible.  The pasta was not cooked through -- you could still taste the dough and the sauce was also really bland.  All in all, for the food, we would've been happier being served Chef Boyardee spaghetti and meatballs which was really disappointing because my husband loves Italian.Now for service.  We were seated and water and menus were brought out.  Great.  Ten minutes pass until our waiter comes to see us (it wasn't him that brought the water and menus).  We give him our order.  Our salads are bought out by someone who was not the waiter in about ten minutes.  Then a half hour passes before we get out entrees.  It's the wrong entree for my husband.  Fifteen minutes later and our waiter appears for the second time that evening to bring out the correct food.  We finish and our plates are cleared away by someone not a waiter.  We wait for twenty minutes looking for our waiter to order dessert, but he's nowhere to be found.  We realize that it's past 9 and we have to go because we have tickets to the 9:30 show of Ka.  We track down the manager and ask him for our check.  He actually comps the drinks which was really nice of him because my husband didn't make a scene or anything -- just walked up to him and explained that we had been waiting for 20 minutes to order dessert but now we had to go and needed the check.  After we receive the check and now waiting for the credit card slip to come back, our waiter makes an appearance for the third time that evening to ask if we want any dessert.And during all this, the table next to us arrived about fifteen minutes after we did and got an appetizer, a pasta dish, and were just finishing on branzino dishes when we left.  The manager also stopped by during each course to see how they were doing.Afterwards, my husband was still mad about this, so he went back to the restaurant to talk to the manager.  The manager told him that he was actually not the first person to tell him about the bad service and food *that night*.  Their reason was that they were really busy even though when we sat down the restaurant was half empty and didn't start filling up with those large groups he mentioned until we had received our entrees.Anyway as my father later put it, "We get these comments every night, but we don't care because this is a tourist trap and we're never going to see any of you people again anyway."  So this place gets two stars.  But the manager who comped our drinks without request gets four stars because he knows how to try and make a client happy.
2	It was fight night.  We attended a comedy show that was fabulous, then were greeted by the hoards of people from the fight - or the hangers-on that filled the MGM Grand.The cute Fiamma hostess seated us quickly, just before closing, with a front table overlooking the passers-by.  The wait staff was swamped, but our server got right to us and we were served efficiently.  Trouble was, the kitchen struggled from a "knock-out" as the Caesar salad was 'so regular', we could have seen the same at any off-Strip casino buffet.  The scallops and prawns were "fresh-frozen" and didn't demonstrate the firm consistency needed to hit the spot.  Then there was the "LePage's risotto" - closest thing I can remember to tasting paste in grade school.  Yikes!The fine dining experience in a casino on fight night may be elusive.  We sure couldn't find it last night.  Another try?  Doubtful as the alternatives abound.  Pity.
3	We were seated immediately, even without a reservation and despite the crowds in Vegas - so thumbs up for that!  We ordered a Ceasar salad and Spaghetti with Meatballs to share between two people, and that was the perfect amount of food.  I really enjoyed the Ceasar salad, one of the best I've had around.  The Spaghetti was also good, and the noodles were thicker than what you'd normally think of as spaghetti.  The meatball part of it was a bit dry despite the marinara sauce.   We also ordered a side of Brussel Sprouts, which were pretty good.  Our server seemed a bit overwhelmed and we had to flag him down (unsuccessfully) at various times.  Great food here, but service was a bit lacking after we sat down.
5	Chef's Special made me call the chef to our table to thank him personally!
4	Walked into MGM Grand's "The District" area (which I believe used to be called Studio Walk) on a Thursday evening with two coworkers. We had decided to just eyeball a few menus and see if we could get seated somewhere without reservations. After looking at the Craftsteak menu and deciding that, with coworkers, spending $120 per person just wouldn't be worth it, we opted for the more "business-friendly" Fiamma's. I'm glad we did. A very kind hostess greeted us and not only said she could seat us right away (again, without reservations), but gave us a couple choices of seating options. We're off to a great start. We were seated in a very comfortable table for four (even though we were only three) and had THE best view of Studio Walk [er, um, I mean The District]. This is significant because it's the absolute BEST people watching spot in the entire building. Professional service throughout. I ordered some ravioli with a side of parmessean asparagus. It was good and just filling enough. Almost went for one of the fine looking desserts, but by now it was getting late and my body clock was way ahead of the hour. So the appetite was fast disappearing. Next time...The decor in this place is magnificent. Dark, intimate, and not too noisy. Some decent pop music playing in the background (think Ke$ha). It just has a very nice vibe. For me, the main draw of the place is the vibe and location. The food is good too, though. You cold do a lot worse. I'd certainly come back and bring my girl here. I think she'd like it. And I think you will too.
5	Loved it! A wonderful night and they did not disappoint. Food, drinks, atmosphere company was great. Had Cristal for the first time. Great table with large group.
4	Thanks to my friend and fellow Yelper, Sherry Y., for the great recommendation.  Fiamma Trattoria & Bar is one of those restaurants that could easily be lost in the shuffle of many great Vegas establishments.  Yet, this little restaurant that is tucked away behind the casino of MGM Grand can offer rich flavors like no other.For appetizers, we order the Beef Carpaccio.  It came with thinly sliced beef tenderloin topped with arugula, mushroom, and permesan cheese. The popular Lobster Gnocchi came with classic Italian gnocchi that is just the right texture, not too soft or too chewy.  The lobster meat tasted fresh and cooked perfectly.  This dish definitely packs a punch of rich flavors, although it might get a little overwhelming at the end.I also tried the Braised Short Rib.  It was very tender and again, very rich in flavor.  The rib was placed on top of mashed potato so the flavor of the rib actually got into the mashed potato, which I like.  All in all, a very good and hearty meal, which could be hard to find on the Strip.  I can't wait to go again.
4	Great option for dinner at the MGM.  Loved the ambiance and service was great, seemed like there was always someone there to fill your wine glass or ask if you needed something.  Had the seabass and it was amazing!
3	Don't even bother looking at the menu.  Just order the Potato Gnocchi with lobster, mushrooms, and black truffles- and thank me later.  It is sinfully delicious.  That dish alone is 5 star worthy. The service, however, was so disappointing.  We had reservations but still waited over 15 minutes for our table. Granted we came on a very busy night- right before the Rolling Stones concert, however our server could have cracked a smile, or even introduced himself.  But, no...and unfortunately that put a damper on the entire meal.  Also, because it opens into the casino/walkway- it  reeked of cigarette smoke and every once in a while, you would hear cheers/grunts/yelling from drunk passerbys.  We asked to be moved because I am very sensitive to the smoke- but it was a full house and no other tables were available.  If I ignore the service and the table location- the meal was actually quite delicious.  We started with the beef carpaccio appetizer, and it was good, although not the best I have ever had.  Not even close.  We also ordered a dozen oysters on the half shell because the seafood platter that they were offering looked really unappetizing.  In fact, the table next to us were very upset with their sad looking platter- it had 2 oysters, a few scrawny shrimp cocktail, and 2 skinny crab legs- they refused to pay for it and asked for the manager.  I ordered the Lobster Gnocchi and cannot speak highly enough about this dish. Every bite was bursting with flavor.  My husband ordered the Risotto and it came with perfectly cooked scallops and prawns.  By the time we looked at the dessert menu, the smell of smoke was really irritating me and so was our waiter's attitude. So we asked for the check, and bought dessert elsewhere.  *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 44/100*
5	There are so many great restaurants in Vegas and I always say we need to keep trying as many different places as possible when there, but I always have to make a stop here for the braised short ribs.   Ridiculous.  Trust me.
1	Food okay but over-priced... They charged my debit card for the meal three times and didn't do anything about it to compensate. Would never go again! Boooooooo!
3	Food was good, but the service was mediocre for the price we were paying. The meal was also a bit rushed and I had to send my pasta back because it was lukewarm. Wine list was overpriced.
4	The wife and I ate here while I was in Vegas for a conference.  Through some of the games she played on Facebook, she was able to score us a free bottle of wine from this restaurant, which was the main reason we chose to eat here.  We also used a comp to score $40 off.  This is an Italian joint that's located in the MGM Grand.  We were both a little full from lunch, so we just went with entree's, along with the free bread.  The free bottle of wine we got was pinot grigio.  It was quite good, as evidenced by us finishing off the whole bottle. :)  For dinner my wife ordered the lobster gnocchi, while I had the seafood risotto, which included scallops and shirmp.  Both dishes were very good.  The $40 comp left us with a total bill of about $27, which was quite a deal for this place.  Many of the entree's here are north of $30, but then again, so are the entrees at most all of the nicer restaurants in Vegas.  This place is very contemporary on the inside, and we had a nice spot to people watch.  While the food was very good, I would say the only negative to this place was the service.  We must've waited at least 30 minutes from the time we finished our meal until the time we finally were able to pay our check.  Our waiter was MIA forever trying to correct our bill.  It was frustrating as we were ready to go.  All in all, I thought the food here was good, but I won't go out of my way to come back here.
5	My wife and I visited Las Vegas last week, and the first place we ate was Fiamma's. (Our flight was late in the afternoon and by the time we checked in to the MGM it was after 9pm.) It was a Monday night during the summer, so it wasn't crowded, and we were seated right away without a reservation. Luckily, we were seated right along the front row looking out on the open mall, so we had a great view of all the weirdos walking by.We had a couple of cocktails, and I ordered the Caeser Salad and Lasagna, and my wife ordered the Lobster Gnocchi. Let me just say, that this restaurant is now our favorite in LV. The food was to die for, and the service was prompt and professional.It's not cheap, but then, nothing in Las Vegas is. (I swear, I think the whole strip fails to realize that the economy is bad...) Anyone who compares LV pricing to their favorite restaurants back home will be incensed, as I was. But, once you look around, it's just the place. Don't go there unless you take money to spend.
5	Here's what I have to say.  Called the restaurant from Portland, OR to try to buy my wife and her friends a bottle of prosecco.  Restaurant could not accept my credit card info for security reasons. Understandable.  So what did they (manager Anthony and hostess Christina) do? they went ahead and took a glass of prosecco to each of the lovely ladies in the party. Complementary. On the house.  That is customer service.  Be sure I'll will be there next time I'm in Vegas.
2	Its ok. I just expected better. food was microwaved and flavorless.
5	Best pork shank ever!
5	This is my go-to Italian spot.  Food and service is always consistently great!  I always tend to eat at the bar.  The bartender named Kerry is great, he can craft some great tasting cocktails while your waiting for your food.  Speaking of the food, definetly check out the short rib ravioli as a starter.  You cant go wrong getting one of the gnocchi dishes, for your entree, perfectly prepared everytime.  Now for dessert I usually prefer to drink mine and get a nice glass of moscato.  Hope to be back soon, Im craving those gnocchi's!!
4	This review is strictly for dessert.I met up with my family for dessert after they had dinner here while my cousin, uncle, and I had dinner at Pearl.  I ordered the tiramisu and split it with my mom.  It was delicious.  I didn't feel TOO fat after I ate it either!  I also sampled my aunt's cheesecake which was also delicious.Honestly, who can say no to dessert anyway?
3	In a mood for Cheesecake Factory pasta?  This place just might be for you. One thing though I can't deny: ingredients are top notch. IMHO the thought is there, but execution... Not so much. They seem to doing ok, and semi-busy on Saturday night, so I guess no need to change anything, but IMHO, which I'm sure no one cares, pull back on sauce, ingredients and raw flavors of your pasta are excellent and don't need to be rescued from drowning in deep, creamy death! If you decide to visit this place- try their potato gnocchi. It's very good.
4	Excellent service and food. Lobster gnocchi was perfect. Chopped salad was also delicious. I'm a local that will be coming back.
5	Awesome food! Great service!! Its has been a while since i have been here, and last time, it was good, not great ...  but i must say new chef Ilse Poyoto is a magician in the kitchen! This trip was pure enjoyment! great job to both the front (Manager Nick) and back of the house!! I will be back and often! thank you for a wonderful night with great food and wine! it doesn't get better than this!
4	The food and wine here is so good!  I wish I could go back here more often.  The service is all very friendly and the food came out so quickly after we ordered it, which was nice.  This restaurant has a very cool atmosphere and I really like the orange back wall with the texture.  The lighting is dimmed just enough to make the atmosphere intimate.
5	I went with a friend to eat here because we were going to the KA show after dinner. There was a great wine selection to start out with. The on-hand sommelier even came to our table to help us pair the wine with the meal. We had the Raviolini for our entree. It was delicious, especially the reduction with truffle cream sauce..tasted so good. It had a great combination of flavor. We had Valpolicella wine from northern Italy. To top it off, we had the best server, Doug. He was helpful with the menu items, had good advice for Las Vegas attractions and overall friendly and welcoming. I would go back.  I'm so glad we decided to go to La Fiamma!
5	I was staying at The Signature for a business trip and was looking for a dinner spot. I turned to Yelp and saw that this place had great reviews, Yelp did not lie. I had the ravatoli stuffed with beef short ribs, AMAZING! It comes with a black truffle oil sauce and just melts in your mouth. I saw some other reviews that complained about small portions and was a little worried that the dish would cone with 4 little ravioli pieces but these people must be used to gigantic portions because the dish def had enough to fill me up. The crispy cheesy bread chips were also really good!! I def recommend!
5	We had dinner at Fiamma on Saturday night before a show. We experienced professional and friendly service and our dinner was fantastic! Chef Ilse Poyato created an array of excellent courses which were flavorful and absolutely delicious.  Overall some of the best Italian cuisine I've certainly tasted, and everyone at our table also agreed.Thank you for a wonderful dining experience; we'll definitely be back!
4	Grabbed a meal on Friday night before Dice Clay.  Lobster Gnochi definitely is worth trying.  Service was solid.  Will repeat at some point.  Price for 3 including tip $280
4	Went here with my boyfriend for a nice dinner. We  both ordered a martini which were amazing. The Cucumber and Fiamma original. yummy... we Split a Caesar salad. he had the prawn fettuccine and i had the roasted chicken.  his was amazing he said; my chicken was over cooked tasted chalky /... the bone that was in the chicken was burnt and broke apart easy. bad choice of food on my part but the sauce on the plate and potatoes were yummy.. The service was 5 stars however! Cant recall the servers name but he was great. Will go back again ...
1	Stay away from this place!  Recently my party of 6 dined there late one evening while we stayed at the MGM. They reluctantly sat us down after the Maitre d told the hostess that they were still open despite her protests. Sitting down was the best part of the meal. After we quickly ordered (fearing the chef would go home). We received a skimpy seafood platter that consisted of 2 crab legs, 4 oysters and 4 shrimp. The oysters were not fresh (dank and fishy). My daughter and I both spit them out and told our waiter. The shrimp were basic large shrimp. $42 Thank you.  3 of us ordered NY Steaks(quick and easy to cook). They were tasteless and tough. Truthfully, I've had better steaks from the supermarket.  I've eaten steaks in just about every major steak house in this country and these ranked dead last for taste, seasoning and tenderness. We ended up getting one for free steak after my daughter complained how tough they were.  The waiter did not even ask us if we wanted a vegetable. I had to request one after the meal was already ordered.  My other daughter got the seafood risotto and it too was dank and fishy. She barely touched. it. The spaghetti and meatballs was good as was another pasta dish. When dessert time came we were told that the dessert chef had gone home and we could not order anything. Just as well. I asked for the check and saw that an 18% tip had been put on it (a party of 6 is now considered a large party?).  The bill was almost $500. We were given poor treatment, served subpar food food and made to feel like they were doing us a favor by serving us. I'd have to say that after eating in Las Vegas for over 20 years that this was easily the worst meal for the most money I've ever had.  We would have been better off eating in the buffet. We would have gotten the same quality food, been treated better and spent a whole lot less. Oh, the one star was for the decor.
4	This review will be short & sweet because you only need to know three words when you walk into Fiamma.  Traditional. Potato. Gnocchi.  Order it and you will not be sorry.  Loaded w/ Lobster, complimented with Cremini Mushrooms & Leeks, all in a Black Truffle Cream sauce.  It's absolutely divine.
4	Get the Gnocci.  It is outstanding!  Tried to feed my craving here locally, and was completely disappointed. Can't wait to re-visit!  The only reason I am giving 4 stars is that our service was a little slow and our waiter didn't seem to have his act together.  Other than that, our party of 8 was very pleased with the food.
1	Unbelievable! I just attempted to book a party of 16 for dinner and was informed I had to put down a $500 deposit AND they were going to charge me a $150 "booking fee"!! I asked if that would be applied to the bill and was told nope it's the fee to book the reservation!So they just lost a good size party for this evening!
5	I love the atmosphere of Fiamma Trattoria...There's plenty of people watching, yet it feels very cozy and intimate at the same time. We arrived without a reservation just as the dinner rush was beginning one night during March Madness. The dining room was full with reservations, but they informed us that all tables in the lounge + bar were first come first serve...and there are a ton of them, so we had no problem finding a seat! A short while later, the place was packed, but they seemed fully capable to keep up with the demand. They have a separate lounge menu, but they also serve the full dinner menu there, which is fantastic (because a lot of places don't). So on to the food...My friend and I had trouble deciding what to get, so we each selected an entree and shared. They make their own gnocchi from scratch, so we decided to try one of their specials: Pesto and Pine Nut Gnocchi. It was easily the best gnocchi I've had at a restaurant, but it was the Scallop and Prawn Risotto that won my heart...it was absolutely to die for!On a side note, a few nights earlier when we were at a bar across the hall, we ordered limoncello, but they didn't have it. So, our bartender walked over to Fiamma since he figured an Italian bar would have it. They did, and they were gracious enough to give it to him so he could fulfill our request. Kinda cool.
2	Fiamma has a great atmosphere and great service, but that doesn't make it a great Italian restaurant, the food is very average, but the food is fresh.I believe maggiano is a better restaurant with better food and better price.I paid 32 for the Kobe Meatball Spaghetti, guess what!!! it taste just like any meatball, an overrated dish, very disappointing, the noodle suck and the sauce taste like olive garden.....that is why it gets a two star.Fiamma is like STK of italian food, its where attractive chicks like to hangout in MGM, but if you are looking to get quality italian food at  a fair price go to maggianos a way better restaurant. I plan not to return, the food sucks. But customer service at Fiamma is awesome.
5	Yum-yum-yum-yum-yum. Came here for drinks and for a sampling of Fiamma's finest.  The crispy calamari was good, but it was the Kobe meatballs that will make your taste buds dance (and your Italian grandmother jealous) and the Short Rib Raviolini was to die for!!!  Honestly, they had me at "short rib" but the entire thing was oh so good. LOVE.
3	Good ambience, great service, marginal food. We had the beef carpaccio which I enjoyed. It had sea salt and caviar sprinkled on it. For the main course we had the cod which wasn't bad, however half of the cod was really dry and hard which I was not too pleased with. The other dish we orders was the shrimp penne. Since pasta is there specialty I figured they wouldn't mess this up but unfortunately the pasta was a bit on the mushy side. Extremely overcooked. Not really worth it all and all.
1	I was in Vegas for a conference and our group was looking for a light, reasonably priced dinner.  Most of the pasta options were around $22 - $25 so we thought this would fit the bill.  The waiter shared the specials with us and 3 of us opted for the pasta special with truffles.  While we expected they would be more expensive than the regular pasta dishes we were stunned when the bill arrived and we saw they were $69 each!!!  If you're going to have a special that's almost 3 times the cost of your regular dishes you should tell your guests up front.  After our meal we noticed someone hovering around our table.  A few minutes later we were asked to move to the bar area so they could seat anther group.  While it was nice that they bought us each a drink I still think it's pretty tacky to ask your guests to move.
3	I'd give it a 3.5. Food was fairly average Italian, service was friendly but slow, atmosphere was great, drinks were amazing, price was not terrible (as far as restaurants on the Strip go, this one could be considered "high casual" pricing).Blueberry Crush cocktail -- $11 -- YUM!Mezzaluna -- $22 -- Decent, but definitely not OMG-worthy.Creme brulee --$10 --  Good.Our server was very nice, but we didn't see him often. The kid pouring the water had to be at most 17 years old. He kept coming over and pouring water while gazing straight ahead out into the hotel. As you can imagine, this resulted in water splashing and half-full glasses. Eh, what can you do? It provided a little entertainment! I probably won't recommend or be back again unless I'm looking for a "cheap" sit-down dinner before another show at the Garden Arena...or for another Blueberry Crush. :)
2	Maybe we came here on an off Saturday night but the food was not good. We both had the spaghetti and meatballs. Pasta was overcooked, sauce was not at all flavorful and the meatballs tasted as if they had been frozen and just warmed.  One of them was still cold in the middle. Wine by the glass was $15+. There are so many other great restaurants in vegas I would pass on this one.
4	Good place.  Dinner here with clients....everyone liked it.
2	When I have a fabulous dinner, it doesn't matter how long it's been, I'll remember every last detail to the tee.  Unfortunatey, Fiamma was pretty unremarkable.  Came here last summer for dinner with my family.  It's pretty casual, however, I don't think they'd allow you in without a top or shoes (i.e. if you're coming from Wet Republic).  The food was okay... a little overpriced, and it really didn't appeal much to my palate.  I remember us ordering the calamari, a caesar salad, the braised short ribs, and some pasta dish.  There are definitely other italian joints I'd hit up before this one.  However, I do want to try the gnocchi--I hear that's pretty good. One thing I did like was the ginormous wine selection they had to offer.  They had a sommelier that helped us pick something out.  We ordered a bottle of pinot noir, but really didn't like it much, and he gladly exchanged it for something else.The service is good.  Nice ambiance.  I'm glad it wasn't directly in front of the casino.Overall, give it a shot... there are plenty of reviews on here that have given this place rave reviews.  You be the judge.
3	I just had dinner at this place.  The roles were reversed from the last time I was here many years ago.  I was part of a group of 10 who were loud and boisterous.  It was a bachelor party...  Food was pretty decent, not stellar, but very good.  The wine's were very good.  We were probably the largest and loudest group in the restaurant, but yes they did not care, as our tab was quite significant.I guess when you are on the other side of the fence you just don't care...I had the surf and turf steak and lobster tail combo.  The steak came out perfectly, but the lobster tail did not come out with butter.  I thought this was odd.  It was still delicious though.  Also the steak was supposed to come with bleu cheese melted over the steak, but the chef forgot and it was brought out after the fact.Your night may be ruined by a large group of drunk people, but then again it's vegas.Service was attentive, food was good, and prices were vegas moderate.  Not a bad choice if you don't feel like spending $$$$ at Joel Robuchon.
4	We had a fantastic dinner at Fiamma.  It was pretty crowded, but the service was great.  Our entrees took a little while to come out (about a half hour), but we weren't in a hurry, so it was not that big of a deal.  They give you a very short wine list with some wines by the glass and popular bottles.  But, they have a pretty good list available, you just have to ask for it.  To start, I had the lobster bisque, which was a special that evening.  I did not care for it.  The vegetables were too crisp and the broth was more like a weak tomato sauce rather than a nice sherry broth.  But, the server took it back no questions asked and it was not on the bill.  So, even though the soup didn't work for me it didn't ruin the meal.  The wife had the caprese salad which was large.  The tomatoes were juicy and the mozzarella had a burrata quality, it was very creamy.  Also, there was a lot of fresh basil, which we love.For dinner, the wife had the risotto with scallops and shrimp.  This dish includes 3 large shrimp and 2 scallops.  The scallops were much better than the shrimp, they were seared well and were buttery in flavor.  It's not that the shrimp were bad, but there certainly wasn't anything special about them.  The risotto was in a cream sauce, and it was cooked perfectly.  It still had a bite to it, and you get quite a bit.  Even with me helping, she didn't come close to finishing her meal.I had the pasta special, which was fusilli with mushrooms, prosciutto, and peas in a parmesan cream sauce.  It was topped with a lot of shaved white truffles, they basically covered the entire dish.  The sauce with rich and had a lot of cheese flavor, but it could have used some pepper.  The pasta was pillowy and the sauce filled every nook and cranny.  I loved this dish, it was the best pasta I'd had in a long time.Our server was fantastic, as was the sommelier.  They were very attentive, and when we told our server we didn't want dessert, he still brought us out a little ice cream topped with espresso and whipped cream.  We mixed them up and they were like little milkshakes.  We had excellent pasta and a wonderful evening, we absolutely recommend Fiamma.
1	I just left Fiamma's.  Sadly, it sucked.  Service was HORRIBLE!  We ordered the charcuterie plate for the appetizer.  It was popped down in front of us with no explanation of the cheeses or meats.  We yelled, yes yelled, at the staff at the front of the house after waiting 10+ minutes for the staff to come back to the table, and the three of them that were there just chatted away without a care in the world to the patrons.  Finally we got the wait staff and they ended up wrongly explaining the plate, and arguing with us about what was beef and what was considered pork.  Bad!  My brother got the calamari app which was to come with fried peppercini's - but there wasn't a single one (this after the waitress told us how amazing they were).  We got the peppercini''s after showing the server there were none in the actual appetizer (and they continued to argue they were in there, but they weren't lol) , but they were not breaded/fried/or tasty.  They were soggy disgusting glop.  Server was horribly rude in pointing out everything we were eating... *those are calamari* on the calamari appeitzer.  Honey - this wasn't the first place we've eaten at.  What a bitch.  Salads were wilted and not deserving of the price at all.  Worst of all is that we felt horribly rushed.  Entree's were served with appetizers barely eaten.  We have eaten at some wonderful places where the price is expensive but worth it due to staff attention - Fiamma's  is NOT one of those places.  I gave it two stars solely because after I asked for a manager, he seemed to actually care.  We got some dessert out of it, but at the end of the day, if you want good food, and feel appreciated as a customer, skip Fiamma's.  Go to Spago's at Caesar's Palace to see what a wonderful dinner is truly about.ETA - my brother ended up with food poisoning later that night, most likely from the calamari.    Seriously, skip this joint.  With all the wonderful and safe food offerings in Vegas, this one is not.  I put it back to one star considering my brother was sick later.  Ugh.
4	Love the atmosphere! Pesto chicken fettuccine was AMAZING!!! Ceasar salad was great too!
3	the original in SoHo was much more creative.fiamma offers standard modern Italian...nothing on the menu jumped out at me.the truffle gnocchi was really good, but not particularly creative...
4	Had a very nice dinner at Fiamma. The variety in the bread basket is nice.  The wine selection is good. We both had the chef's favorites tasting plate. I wouldn't do that plate again...I would go straight for the Agnolotti- Beef, Veal, and Pork Ravioli, Wild Mushroom, with Veal Demi. The other two items on the plate: Gnocchi with Lobster and Orecciette were just ok for me but my husband thoroughly enjoyed. The baked cauliflower was also good. We opted to share the Tiramisu for dessert, and I would have liked to have the whole thing to myself!! So good.The night we were there they had someone coming around to take photos of diners and then the photos  were available for purchase about 30 minutes later. We had them taken only to find out that the cost would be $90!  I'd rather not be bothered during my meal, especially when I have my own camera available to capture our memories.
5	Decided to come here for dinner after seeing Zumanity. Our party of 9 ordered the seafood appetizer which consisted of jumbo prawns, oysters and snow crab legs. We also got the calamari which was incredibly delicious - lightly breaded, juicy and not at all greasy.Most of us ordered the steak entrees: filet and ribeye. Super tender aged beef with amazing sides of asparagus, spinach, and roasted potatoes. All amazingly seasoned. Talk about arborio rice cooked to perfection! The shrimp and seared scallop risotto was amazingly good. Nothing was over-cooked or over-seasoned, yet everything was tender, juicy and flavorful. I am actually quite amazed with this restaurant.
5	My boyfriend and I came here for a tasty meal after reading convincing Yelp reviews and based on the fact this place wasn't 5 miles away. Everything we had here was amazing. We ordered the calamari, he had some sort of bean veggie soup, I had the gnocchi and he had the agnolotti pasta. Everything was seriously amazing. As if the food wasn't good enough, the waiter service was amazing. We were spoiled because we were celebrating our anniversary. Free champagne, free chocolate tarte, and my waiter even gave me a free espresso. Gabriel was awesome. Yosef was a sweetheart, and the blond water boy was quiet but nice. Also, they're all pretty attractive which is another bonus. The food came out promptly, tasted delicious, and the waiter service was timely but not too much. We really had an amazing time.
4	The food was great.  My husband loved this place.  I ordered sea bass and I got the whole fish.  Totally different from what I expected.  I thought it would be a filet like what other restaurant.  It is a whole fish without the head.  I will go back but order something else.
1	Went in a few nights ago and had a dreadful meal.  Service was incredibly slow, calamari was tough and chewy, and the lasagna had the consistency of mush.  Too bad, I have eaten here 5 times with solid results.  Maybe it was an off night.
2	Only came cuz we had $100 dinner credit to spend and was only place we could get into on saturday last minute.When we checked in with the host chick, she looked at me like I stole something from her AND couldn't believe I was showing my face after that! Most words said to me, Last name.. Then she just turned and talked to her coworkers. Place was darkService was goodFood just ok, nothing special.Filet of beef 12 oz 56 bucks. No flavor what so ever. small slab of mash and scoop of sauted mushrooms.Sea bass 38 bucks. To fishy for me but I ate it. It was a whole fish grilled and cut in half. Soggy greens for salad. Even croutons were soggy! :(
3	Left this place pretty unimpressed. We had the spaghetti with kobe meatballs and another pasta dish that was a specialty of theirs (I forgot which one is was). Either way, it was not memorable.Ambiance was cool and trendy and the service was good. They also have a nice, long list of wines (mostly by the bottle) and cocktails to choose from. I would not return. You can definitely get a better meal for the price elsewhere.
2	Went here on our trip due to reviews. Food was good, not amazing, but overpriced for Italian food. Waiter totally forgot about us after we got our food and waited at least 40 minutes just to get the check. Also think I got food poisoning from lobster truffle gnocchi. Disappointed to say the least.
5	First time diner of  Fiamma Trattoria & Bar, this evening .  Decision was based on recent Yelp reviews, especially the one from one unhappy Matt S.  I  noticed a response from Fiamma mgt (including phone number), inviting Matt to call to discuss.  That responsive customer service impresses me.  So, my wife and I decided to give them a try.  Wow, were we rewarded!  I made same-day 6:45p Yelp reservation (3 hrs beforehand!).  Arrived 15 mins early, was greeted warmly and seated immediately.  Bread w/dipping oil and sparkling water (which we ordered) arrived approx.  7 mins later.  Wine arrived shortly thereafter and then our meals arrived (I kid you not) in about 15 mins.  Scallops and Tiger Prawn Risotto was delicious (scallops were evenly seared and tender; risotto was among the best I've ever had).  My wife had the Lobster Gnocchi.  She said it ranked up there with the best she's had, too.  Our waiter-recommended wine pairing was spot-on.  As we ate, we noticed a quiet, efficient, steady flow of orders being being delivered out of the kitchen.  What really impressed us is that we later found out that the restaurant was filled with a large contingent from a well-known computer company.  Yet, you wouldn't have suspected it by the way the restaurant was running.  Our waiter ("Ace" was the server on our receipt) was personable, attentive, and professional (as was our server).  As we left Fiamma, I spoke to the person that had greeted us, and described how we chose his restaurant, mentioning Matt S' review and the restaurant myt's response.  "Yes, that was me.  I remember him."  He then explained that he reads the Yelp reviews and tries to respond to people's concerns.   And I could tell he really means it.  Then he gave me his card -- General Manager.  How refeshing is that?!  I definitely recommend those of you looking for a great dining experience give  Fiamma Trattoria & Bar a try.  My wife and I definitely will, the next time we are in Las Vegas!
4	The potato Gnocchi with lobster is to die for. It's got just the right amount of truffles in it to make it sing! It's a must to eat on your way out of this short life.   Trust me!!!!!The only complaint is the Minuscule amount of lobster in it.
4	I came here for dinner with my gf and friends before watching KA. Started off with some calamari & seafood platter. Both apps were fresh and delicious. For the main course I went with the filet, while my gf chose the pan seared salmon, couple friends went with the main lobster gnoochi(delicious). All the plates came out at a timely manner and our server made sure we enjoyed our stay. Another great LV restaurant, what's new!
4	Went here for a gf's bachelorette. Great Italian food!Since we were such a big group, they had us order from a set menu and we shared appetizers and dessert. The portions are huge so make sure you don't order too much if you plan to go clubbing later.We had so much food that I don't remember all of them, but the dishes I love were the scallop and prawn risotto and the apple turnover/tart for dessert. I remember the raviolini having a strange after taste, but it was cooked well. Great service! They gave all of us a free round a champagne to toast the bride! I'm coming back. Again, great Italian food!
5	I really enjoyed eating here! I came here during a stay-cation on the strip and I had a fabulous time! I really enjoyed my meal from start to finish. The hostess was very quick to greet us and she was able to seat us quickly. The server was awesome. We decided to order wine by the glass rather than a whole bottle. I really enjoyed the bread and cheese before my meal. I highly suggest trying the short rib rav... It will totally change your life! I cant wait to go back and try this place again!
1	I would have to say the worst restaurant I've been to in Vegas. I had the short rib ravioli and that's one of my favorite dishes from other restaurants. Their version of it tasted like pasta you'd get from a buffet. The steak is Denny's steak quality along with the sauce that went over it. Lobster didn't taste like fresh lobster. More like frozen lobster! We ordered a bottle of moscato and one of the busboys threw it away before we even finished the whole bottle. Who does that? I was expecting a lot more from the this restaurant due to the reviews on yelp. There are thousands of better restaurants in Vegas. Please skip this one!!!!
2	The atmosphere was nice and the service was great but the food was not good. I was surprised because everyone on help gives such great reviews! We even got the lobster gnocchi like everyone suggests but it was not impressive. It tasted as if it was cooked to long and left out for too long. Maybe we just came on a bad night ? One of my girlfriends ordered chicken and she felt sick right after! I wouldn't go again but I think maybe it was a fluke !
2	We were hoping for a nice dinner worthy if the prices but was sorely disappointed.  The waiter was ok, but I expect more from a high priced restaurant.  My dish (Raviolini) was pretty good, but my husbands tasted like I could have thrown it together for my kids.  Overall, big let down.
3	Came in on a time constraint.   Service was terrible (SLOW) not attentive.   Ordered drinks and 2 appetizers (fresh not cooked). And still had significant wait times on service.  Pineapple upside down cake martini - Sweet and divine!  Aromatic and addictingCaprese salad - fresh. would have liked tomatoes a couple days more ripe. Beef carpaccio - SO YUMM!!
3	We had a SUPER good encounter with their somolier.  Made a really excellent recommendation and we loved the food.  The only reason for the downgrade is for the price, you are sitting right on a main thoroughfare in the hotel and it is super loud.
4	Great atmosphere, easy to book and get reservations, extensive wine list.. Mind boggling to say the least if you arent overly knowledgeable with wines like myself.  Antipasta appetizer was excellent.. Perfect blend of italian cheeses and meets.  I had the pasta sampler which included lobster gnocchi.. Obviously homemade gnocchi and cooked to perfection.  Service was excellent, very attentive waiter but not overly attentive which is good.  Price is as expected for a restaurant of this quality at the mgm grand hotel
3	I had dinner with a friend on 05/04/14.  This is my 5th time to eat at this restaurant.  With one exception, it has always been good.  I am not rating it more than 3 stars because I have had a lot better Italian.  It was good, but not great.  I ordered the Lasagna which is something different for me.  I usually don't order it, but at $32 It thought I would give it a try.  Good, but not for that price.  My friend had shrimp fettuccine.  It was good, but not great.  The shrimp were large and it was filling.  Heavy on the pesto, so if you like that, this is your dish. Service was great.  The wait staff checked on us often!  No complaints there.  Total tab with 4 glasses of wine was $116.75.  Pricey!  Worth it?  Not sure.  Possibly not.
3	I came here to celebrate my Dad's birthday and I definitely do have mixed reactions of both the food and experience hence the 3 stars. Upon being seated my Dad mentioned that people in our group had shows to catch and that we needed to be out by a certain time. Now granted there was an hour and a half for time to be in and out it wasn't like we were giving a short window for obligations to be met or hey I'd even say don't go. Just wanted to pre start with that. The time between ordering and receiving the food did seem a bit long and all of us ended up barely getting to where we needed to go. I only mark this off because my Dad is a very easy going guy and he looked pretty disturbed ON HIS BIRTHDAY that they over promised and under delivered on saying it wouldn't be a problem meeting the time window. On the side of food I decided to have a gnocchi for the first time and it could possibly be the last time as well. To me it just felt like a doughy potato which maybe it should who knows, but without knowing much what I do know is it was far from the best tasting that it probably could've been. I will say that the pineapple upside down cake martini was the hit of the night for me, but again we requested an umbrella just to make it a bit more festive and were ignored. I will eat here again if my Dad requests it, but on my own Fiamma I say a sweet adieu to you!
5	The staff is very friendly. The octopus is a small portion but delicious and the lasagna is really good! For dessert, get the tiramisu!
5	In two words this was a "fortunate find." Hungry, reservation-less and on our way to a concert - we grabbed the only two open seats at the bar for a quick cocktail and bite before our show. In brief:Cocktails - 5 star (espresso martini's)Bartender - 5 star (LOVED him!)Food (beef carpaccio, calamari) - 5 starAmbience - 5 starIn summary, it's a definite must for our next trip to Vegas.
5	It was just amazing food and service. If you ever come here ask for the waiter Reid. He is just a carrying and lovely person but not in an annoying way. He took such great care of us which made our whole dinner perfect. I can highly recommend Moscato D'Asti for Aperitif for all who like it a little sweeter. We had Beef Carpaccio as starter which was just amazing, followed by a perfect cooked Risotto.
4	I got the crab cake for appetizer and lobster gnocchi for main dish. The crab cake was awesome! the lobster gnocchi had a lot of lobsters but the gnocchi itself wasn't superb.Anyway a solid restaurant! :)
2	Of all the restaurants we tried at MGM, Fiamma was the most disappointing, by far. The service was slow, inattentive, and all but ignored my multiple requests to clear an extra place setting from the small table to get some more room.The food was the most disappointing, however, especially considering the price. The octopus tasted like it was well past it's sell-by date, and the pasta tasted frozen. Sauces were blandOverall, a "ho-hum" experience for the taste buds
5	Great drinks, pasta and atmosphere. I really like the ambiance. Classy, refined, and friendly. You'll love the selection of wines if you're a wine drinker. The waiter was able to recommend good dishes. The caprese salad is very, very good. Everything was good!
5	Love this place! We sat at the bar, I had the Pinot and the antipasto platter, and I couldn't finish it - it was huge. The soft cheese and peppered meat and roasted pears were so good with the wine. Then I had a blueberry muddled drink and a drink that was gin muddled with basil and black pepper that was yum!My friend had the Caesar salad & the Kobe meatballs, and the dragonfruit daiquiri and a whiskey drink, all her food was very good as well. Pretty much all the servers and the manager talked with us as we were sitting there for a long time enjoying chatting- all were very warm and engaging.
5	Don't miss the Lobster risotto.  The bartender offered fantastic service.  Thanks John.
5	We just had our wedding reception this weekend. They upgraded us to a private dinning room. My cake was displayed. The whole staff was super friendly and fun. They had a smile the whole time . The food was awsome !!! I would recommend Fiamma if you want great food and a fun place not all quite.
3	Food was just OK.  Drinks at the Bar were mediocre...bartender made a terrible Vodka Gimlet, not sure how you can mess up such a simple drink.  Service was excellent.  Considering the prices I would find a different restaurant.
4	Everything was delicious. Service was great as well! I had the risotto and my cousin had the gnocchi. We ended up trading because she was not into the seafood on her dish. She's not a big seafood lover. I was so happy we did the risotto was good but the gnocchi was very very tasty! My other friend got a arribiata pasta with the Kobe meatballs and she thought it was fabulous. This place is worth a try. Some things on the menu seemed like they'd be just ehh okay so ask the waiter when you go to order, ours hooked us up!
4	Great pic for Italian food in Las Vegas. The Kobe meatballs were outstanding. The other people in my party ordered the risotto and gnocchi. Everything came out correct and delicious. The waiter was very entertaining and accommodating. The environment was intimate and swanky. I would go back!!
4	5 Stars for a 5 Star meal!  The waiter had a bit of snarky attitude which was a bit off putting (tried making us feel dumb about the questions we had about dishes) That's what lost the restaurant a star.  Aside from that, the carpaccio was to die for with the black truffle pearls!  And the pasta was equally as amazing!  I highly suggest this restaurant for large groups as it is very accommodating.  This is definitely an awesome restaurant!
3	A few visits ago we stayed at the MGM Hotel and were looking for a nice place for dinner.  During our walk around the hotel we came upon Fiamma.  The menu looked good, prices reasonable, and the atmosphere intimate but still inviting.  We changed for dinner and were the most dressed there that evening (I had on a dress, my date slacks & a dress shirt, no tie).  The waitstaff was very nice, the ambience pleasant, and the food was good.  My gin & tonic was a bit too strong (he even went and added tonic after I mentioned it and it was still too strong).  A good meal & experience overall and I'll recommend it to anyone looking for a nice place for dinner
2	I went with friends before a Circ du Solei show (KA) and was torn between the ravioli and the short ribs. I asked my waiter what he recommended and I was literally instructed to "close my menu." Which was different, but ok. I assumed I was going to get the more expensive item ($44 vs. $29) - and not to my surprise I did. The short ribs themselves were fall-off-the-bone good! The side dish was savory; and the half of glass of wine I had was also amazing. However, two hours after eating (right before KA) and 30 minutes into the show I got violently ill. It was 110 degrees out that day, I hadn't drank before dinner, and I had consumed appropriate amounts of water so I don't believe it was anything I did. But when I say I got sick, I mean really sick. None of the short rib digested and I was forced to leave the show. Not only did I lose the money I paid for KA because I had to go back to the hotel to be sick in private, but my boyfriend ended up feeling obligated to spend the night in with me instead of going out. Beware the short rib - I'm hoping it was just MY dish (it literally couldn't have been anything else) and that no one else got sick.
5	Everything about this place was awesome. Friendly service, no wait, and good atmosphere. Our waiter had great timing, didn't rush us. I had this amazing cucumber martini that I wish I could get back home. Two of us got a spicy seafood risotto that was perfect tasting and portioned. The others got pasta, all loved them. And two of us got starter salads with pear and gorgonzola that were superb. They were huge too. Went great with the cucumber martini.
4	The food, wine and service here were all great! Our server was very helpful and friendly, and all of our food came out fast. We ended up ordering the kobe meatballs, seafood risotto, lobster gnocchi and panna cotta. The meatballs were a great starter, I loved eating it with the bread. I think we even ate all the marinara sauce that came with the dish since we used it as a dip for the bread that came with the table. I had the lobster gnocchi, which was good, but not great. What I did like about that dish though was that it had a lot of lobster in it, but overall it was just too heavy and creamy for my taste. The highlight of the night was the seafood risotto! It was spicy, creamy, tomato-y all in one dish, with lots of seafood on top. It made me wish that we had ordered two of those instead of the lobster gnocchi. All in all a great meal and convenient for anyone staying at MGM or seeing KA.
3	We were on our way to the Justin Timberlake concert and wanted to grab a bite to eat. The ambiance was beautiful but the food left a little to be desired... I had the short rib and my love had the surf and turf. My short rib was fall off the bone tender but just ok. The steak was tough and the lobster tail was very disappointing. The manager tried to fix this problem by bringing out another lobster tail... Which presented not much of a difference. It wasn't worth the mention because Justin was about to hit the stage in minutes and I was just ready to go. The following day, we noticed we were overcharged for this already overpriced/undesirable meal. While the manager is working diligently with us to correct this, the experience overall is still tainted.
5	One of the best dining services I've ever had. The beef carpaccio and need short ribs were really tasty and flavorful. I would definitely recommend any local here for a Sunday sesh!
1	I was so disappointed with my and my husband's food tonight. I've eaten here 4 times in the past and even had my husband's 60th birthday dinner here. It used to be fabulous and well worth the price. Tonight our Caesar salad was drenched in dressing, my short ribs were unbelievably dry ( how can you make dry short ribs????) and my husband's pasta was fair at best. I'm not good about speaking up so at first I said it was ok. But after thinking about the price of the food and how poor the quality I told the waiter and then one of the managers. I ate about a quarter of my food. Both the server and manager apologized and the manager said she'd speak with the chef. We thought we'd put a good end to the evening and shared a dessert. No consolation. The server wrote off the price of the dessert and my espresso but for $44 for short ribs and $30something for a so so pasta dish that wasn't much. I don't blame the server. I'm sure it's a management issue. And there were 2 other managers there!!!  I'll never go there again, and what a shame. Our drinks and wine were good but I can't drink enough to accept bad, expensive food. Do yourself and your wallet a favor and eat somewhere else.
2	**Be Warned**This is only getting 2 stars because I had the most ridiculous thing happen during my dining experience the other day.  I will start with our drinks. We ordered two cocktails. Both dirty martini's with blue cheese stuffed olives, they were good but not the best martini I have ever had. Let me secondly say that the food was delicious. We ordered the beef carpaccio, and tomato caprese with shrimp. It was fantastic. We opted to not have dessert as the rest of our party was ready to go out so we decided to get the bill. Are you ready....,The bill. I understand this is Vegas and food drinks are marked up. I'm totally fine with that. However, our martini's were $12 which isn't that crazy but the crazy thing is the server up charged us a total of 4 times to the tune of $4 each for our blue cheese olives. There was 2 olives in each drink. So each olive was $4. Absolutely appalling. Never would I ever pay that for olives. Unless of course they were dipped in gold. Which they certainly weren't. It became one of the jokes of our trip. That up charge took our martini total to $20 each drink. Would have even been more understandable had I had belvedere or grey goose, but I didn't. After talking to the manager he also agreed how absolutely ridiculous that is. He promptly removed some of the olive charges. Sure that was better but it was annoying that I had to say anything at all. I don't like to complain while out to eat. Especially about a bill. So all in all beware while dining and watch for ridiculous up charges that the servers or restaurant are trying to slide in there.
4	I came here for dinner for my cousin's bachelorette and it was just a small group of us 3 for the first few hours of the night, and figured we would do a night of fine dining. The service was great, and server really had a positive attitude and it made it really fun to dine there. The restaurants atmosphere was a bit of dim lighting, great for group dinners or a date night in vegas. We shared a few dishes and it was plenty for us to eat. For starters we ordered their CAESAR SALAD, and I kind of wished that I asked for dressing on the side. Honestly, I am not much of a dressing person so  don't take this to heart. I enjoyed the salad and it was just a bit on the dressier side for my taste. For main dishes we ordered the HOMEMADE FETTUCCINE with prawns, creamy basil pesto, and yummy toasted pine nuts. The pine nuts were a great touch to add to the basil pesto sauce, and it wasn't too creamy or heavy to eat. Our last dish we ordered their RISOTTO with SHAVED TRUFFLE. I think it was part of their season menu, and it was well worth it. Risotto was cooked perfectly, and the truffle on top was just a nice topper.... We were already full.. but decided... mehhhh why not.. LET'S GET DESSERT! For dessert we ordered their TIRAMISU & CREME BRULEE. FYI.. nothing was left. Enough said. Restaurant was great, service was great, our experience was wonderful and I would definitely come back again. I would highly recommend ordering what's on their seasonal menu, because it seems like they really know what their doing. ENJOY!
5	I'm writing this in anticipation of a wonderful next meal here based on our previous dining experiences. The manager contacted me and offered a complimentary chefs dinner next time we're in Las Vegas. He apologized for our last dinner. I'm very impressed that the restaurant cares enough about their food and reputation to do this. Thank you.
2	Was here for labor day and was not impress with the food.  Can we say dry.  I mean dry and no taste.  Had the crabcake dry, had the lobster and steak combo dry.  The only dish that turn out good was the pasta.
2	The food was very marginal, portions small and the price is very high . Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else!
4	I really enjoyed my experience at Fiamma! I went with a group of 8 and we were all really happy. The service was EXCELLENT and we felt so well taken care of. I really liked the decor and vibe in the restaurant as well. We were about to go to the club so no one wanted to eat too much, but they were very accommodating with us splitting things. I split a caesar salad and the short rib ravioli and LOVED both dishes. Oh lord, that caesar salad was to die for, and the ravioli was rich but so, so good. I'm actually glad I split because I don't think I could have handled a whole plate of pasta to myself. My friends ordered the lamb and it was SO tender and delicious, probably the best lamb chop I've had in a long time. Ooo I am getting hungry just thinking of this meal! Definitely check this place out when you're in Vegas.
5	I had cab, risotto and asparagus. It was amazing.  Excellent service and delicious food.
2	The atmosphere is really nice, the prices are way over priced but it's Vegas. The food is not very good, but it's hard to find a good Italian restaurant that is up toPar with restaurants in Italy, which I amUsed to. I would not eat here again
3	Very good food, good service, but very expensive. Maybe I've been spoiled by Santa Barbara's great selection.
1	The hostess explained to us that we couldn't enter the establishment because there is a dress code stating uncovered shoulders are not permitted, on Men. She had a strapless top, and every table we looked at had a woman wearing "naked shoulders". Fuck off.... Sorry that we were about to drop $300 for 4 men. Dress code sexist.
3	Good food, dessert and drinks! The main dish was on the small portioned side, but the pana Cotta dessert was amazing.A bit to expensive thinking about the portion sizes and I've had better ravioli. A nice restaurant, but I wouldn't come back.
4	We wanted to stay close to our hotel that night, so we grabbed dinner at Fiamma.  I think this one was my favorite Italian meal of the trip, because the noodles were housemade and fresh!All three of us ordered the spaghetti.  We were hungry from the super workout in the morning, I think.  And we all ordered individual carafes of wine, so this was probably the night I got most tipsy... in a fantastic way!Oh, and did I mention we ALL ordered desserts?  Lindsey had cheesecake, I had the apple tarte, and VB had gelato.  And we finished it.  ALL.  Foodie comas all around.
4	We came here to celebrate my birthday! The food was great and our server was A-1. I will be sure to go back the next time we are in Vegas.
5	Definitely one of the better meals we've had in LV, and pricing makes this place a great value.  Had the signature gnocchi, it was excellent.  Steak was good too, had the marinated NY Strip.  Found a great super Tuscan wine here at a reasonable price.  Will be back, next time we are at this end of the strip.
4	Very well done meal. I wish i could say somethong bad about it...perhaps that the waiter brought me the wrong dish. I ordered the Lobster Gnocchi as a main dish but he brought me the tasting trio. I'm actually glad he did. It was a perfect portion and i had the chance to taste three of their dishes. The lamb meatballs were good, but as a cook i could have done the same job at home.  However the ravioli with truffle sauce and the gnocchi were..i have to say, spectacular.   I ordered the Damiliano Lecinquevigne 2009 (my favorite year) Barolo wine and it was fantastic with the lobster gnocchi. A reason for a 4 star instead of 5? The mistake of the waiter and the average lamb meatball. Other than that i would strongly consider this while in Las Vegas.
5	Manager GINA and her staff made our night.  We were a large party and she made sure that the service was excellent and that we well taken care of.  WE had the nightly specials as the waiter described them well.   WE will be back!Marsha
4	Gina - the manager, great service. Food came out as expected for a few of us, one party did not like their fish with skin, so Eric, our server fixed it.
5	Yosum, aka Joseph, our waiter made our evening even more pleasant as we were celebrating my sister-in-law's birthday dinner. One of the best Italian food experiences I've had and great service! The Agnolotti was amazing.
4	My wife said pan seared salmon was the best she's ever had, and that includes some she had in Alaska. My beef tenderloin was good, cooked to my exact degree on "doneness". Dessert and wine lists are the reason I stopped short of a full 5Star rating; both are lacking. Service was perfect, not too pushy, just right.
2	A bit high priced for the food and service.  In pinch, they will serve food that will fill you up but I wouldn't go out of my way to come to this restaurant. I had a "quick" dinner here before the Stevie Wonder concert.  I ordered the penne arrabbiata with wagyu meatballs. The dish came piping hot (45 minutes later - and just past al dente) and was adequately spicy. The meatballs were tasty, if a bit on the mushy side. As this was not a cheap eat ($30 for a pasta dish), I expected the service to be great, which it was not. If there is one thing worth complaining about, it is that the server did just enough for us not to complain too much, but not enough to make the meal anything special.  He willingly came to our table three times - once to take our order, a second time to ask us if our food was ok (someone else delivered our order) and a third time to get the bill. We called him over once to follow up our order and he very brusquely answered, "They're plating it now."While waiting, we overheard a man at the table next to us complaining to the server about how his lamb was undercooked and that his wife's pasta was mushy. The server's response was, "I don't cook the food, but I'll tell the kitchen." After hearing that, we got out of there as quickly as possible!
1	The service was pretty bad. If I pay $120 for a dinner I expect great service. The waitress (Dallas) didn't ask us what we wanna drink, she didn't ask us for appetizers, she didn't check on us when we had our food and at the end she mixed up our bill. The food was what I would expect from a $$$ place. Pretty small portion though.
4	REALLY loved this place.  My friends and i had a huge party and the staff were incredibly accommodating and attentive the entire dinner.   the restaurant itself is dimly lit with romantic spot lights in the corners.  this would be a great place to bring a loved one and split a bottle of wine over delicious italian fare.my favorites:spaghetti and meatballslasagnaoctopuswe were all incredibly stuffed and happy with the dinner.  i would definitely recommend this place to friends!
4	Great service ! They gave me a free glass of champagne ! I had lobster pasta it was amazing !!!
1	Store bought bread, pasta SOAKED in sauce, Caeser dressing with a small portion of lettuce, over priced wine menu, other than that the staff is adequate and the restaurant is in a filthy hotel. Don't waste your time.
1	Overpriced, overcooked and unfriendly sums up the experience I have had here.We had some tomato and (store bought) mozzarella and after that overcooked pasta in a sauce coming from a package. I asked for a glass of wine and was presented Pinot Grigio (without them asking me). I do not like PG that much, so requested to know if they had something else. After 15 minutes they presented me the wine list and I choose a Sauvignon. Instaed of giving me the SB, they gave me the PG again! I should have gotten up and walked away, but because I was with a group, I couldn't. So if you would like to get overcharged and eat overcooked factory food, I would recommend to go here.
5	Holy crap their food is amazing!!!  I had the short rib ravioli and the husband had the lobster gnoochi.  We also had spinach and some potatoes for sides.  We were not crazy about the potatoes but other people may feed different.  The service was great.  We would go back here if we stay in Vegas again.
5	What an amazing dinner!  We had a group of 20, and we couldn't have asked for a better experience!  We had a reservation, and we were seated right away.  The service was fantastic with really solid cocktails all around for our group to kick off the meal right.  Followed by amazing Caesar salad (the best I've ever had)!  We had the tenderloin, braised rib ravioli and a couple other dished, with each one besting the other!  Great dessert and coffee too!  Just an amazing meal.  It will be a mainstay for us going forward on our yearly trip to Vegas!!
4	Came for Christmas dinner. The restaurant was about half packed. We were seated immediately for our 5:30 reservation and promptly brought the menus and water. As we were still waiting for one person in our party, the waiter gave us a while to order. He did not seem like the most customer service oriented, but did his job. We started off with the Kobe meatballs and calamari to share. The five of us ordered the Pasta Sampler Trio, Mezzaluna pasta, short ribs, sea bass and the Christmas pre fixe menu (mushroom polenta, duck lasagna and a cheesecake)The calamari was light on the batter, with a side of pesto sauce in addition to the traditional marinara, which was delicious. The meatballs were amazing. The seasoning matched the sauce wonderfully and the meat was fresh and not too heavy. The short ribs were tender and juicy. The sea bass was pan seared and just enough crispiness to still taste the flavor.The ravioli in the Mezzaluna was delicious and light! The trio was filled with strong flavors. One was a lobster gnocchi, a sausage pasta and then a short ribs pasta. The lobster gnocchi was inundated with both the creaminess of the gnocchi, with blasts of lobster. The sausage's seasoning was a little overbearing. Desserts were delicious. The cheesecake was not too sweet, accompanied by a pistachio ice cream. Light and a wonderful way to end the meal. The tiramisu was a perfect tiramisu. Just enough alcohol and chocolate to justify it's tiramisu-ness. Overall, while the service did not necessarily get me excited, the food (especially the desserts and appetizers) definitely spoke for themselves.
5	Excellent High End Dinning option ! Girl at the door is uptight, can be direct and lacks customer management skills. But in the end they recover good and for sure good food. Would highly recommend it
1	Man I am so sad that I wasted my time here. I had planned on eating somewhere else earlier in the day, but decided as dinner approached to give this place a try. Really bad choice. So here's how it went...Was greeted and seated, and everything looked and seemed so right. Everyone was friendly, and I just knew that it was going to be great. My wife got a pear martini, and I got a cucumber martini, and both were good. They brought out bread while we waited for our starter of calamari. The bread was refrigerator cold. Ok, no problem still feeling good. The calamari came out, and I was happy to see it. I took a bite, and so did my wife. The flavor of the breading was good, but the calamari was rubbery. Not a little rubbery it was like a thinly perfectly sliced Goodyear tire rubbery. My wife and I just kind of picked at it. Neither of us really commented on it for a while until I said "it's a little rubbery huh"? She gave me that oh yea look. Onto our much anticipated dinner. My wife ordered the seasonal risotto, which was saffron risotto w crab meat (sounds really good). I ordered the braised short rib. Why did my wife's risotto not only look like a mix of oatmeal and Kraft Mac and cheese, but also taste like it? I mean it looked like an old, dry, clump of oatmeal that somehow took on a yellow color. Ok, I thought when I saw it and the look on her face, maybe it somehow tastes good. Nope. It really didn't. It tasted like what I described, along w the taste of 4 hour thawed warm crab essence. Disgusting. Onto their "big deal" braised short rib. The plate looked like I put it together trying to fancy at home. Pretty lackluster. Bit into the short rib and yea the meat texture was fine, but the flavor was like a Hormel canned pot roast. I'm kind of wondering if the people that cooked this really think that their food is good, almost like they are from an alternate universe where bad food tastes good and...well, just look at the pictures. I was trying to be in good spirits and took them thinking that maybe they would taste better than they looked. I'm not even trying to just pile on at this point. The server was nice, the restaurant looked nice, and the drinks were alright. The best thing that I had though, and this is no exaggeration, was the water. I can't give it more than one star, I wanted to give it 2 because of the service being so good, but it was just that bad.
4	Located in the MGM Hotel.  I came here kind of spontaneously with my family.  We were starving in the area and some Italian sounded good to us.  Service was descent.  Wine/Alcohol options are presented on an iPad, which is unique.  Overall, it's a descent restaurant and I had a pleasurable experience.CRISPY CALAMARI:  It met my calamari standards.  A lot of the calamari pieces came in octopus shaped pieces haha.  KOBE BEEF MEATBALLS:  Huge meatballs that we split amongst us.  Packed with flavor and it was awesome.  It came with ciabatta bread that is perfect for dipping into the pomodoro sauce.  SEAFOOD PLATTER: An appetizer dish that has a little bit of everything.  It comes with 4 oysters on a half shell, 4 prawns, half a lobster tail, and ahi tuna tartare.  I loved everything.  The tuna tartare had a kick to it, which was perfect for a spicy lover like me.FIAMMA TRIO OF PASTA TASTING: This dish gives a tasting of three of the Chef's Favorite Pasta Dishes.  I don't think you'll be full as the picture I took shows the portion size.  I would suggest getting the actual dish instead.  Here were the pastas...---TRADITIONAL POTATO GNOCCHI: This lobster gnocchi was really good.  You can taste the truffle and the gnocchi is made really fresh.  I understand its popularity!  It was the only one I think worth ordering of the three.---AGNOLOTTI: This was beef, veal, and pork ravioli.  I didn't like the flavor of this at all. I can't even tell you what bothered me, but I just didn't enjoy it.---ORECCHIETTE: This was broccoli and spiced sausage with tomatoes and pasta.  This was just average and came out just what I expected.RAVIOLINI:  This was my order of the night and it was great!  Usually ravioli entrees come with three or four fat raviolis and you're left hungry.  This dish came out with a bunch and I left perfectly content.  The truffle cream is amazing and the short rib ravioli is really yummy!HOMEMADE FETTUCCINE:  This is such a filling plate.  The fettuccine is well made and the creamy basil pesto sauce is good.  The sauce is quite dominant and strong, so a head's up to those who don't like that.  Prawns were big and scattered in the dish. BAROLO BRAISED SHORT RIB:  The flavor of the braised short rib was amazing.  To me it had a hint of asian seasoning and this is definitely a great choice for those who are craving meat.
2	We have eaten here a few times. They were off this night. I couldn't see a reason, they were about half full. Ordered appetizer and salad, and main. They brought theses both at the same time. I can't stand it when resturants stack my order. We proceeded to start eating, I finished my salad first but my wife eats slower. She was only half way through here salad and here comes the main course. I was pissed. I didn't say anything. We ordered the bass and  salmon both were ok. I hate being rushed. I will probably not come back too many better options near by.12/09/2015I spoke to the GM, Jim and was very impressed with his professional approach towards making up my experience. We will be going back the next time we are in Las Vegas.
