4	"I love my landlord!" said no one ever, except for me.They're attentive and easy to reach --  even unimportant calls are returned within a day. Also, I love being able to pay my rent and submit maintenance requests online. My A/C broke last summer and rather give me the runaround with multiple BS repairs, they replaced it outright. Basically, they are not out to screw their tenants.
4	The Cunningham Group provided excellent service. Debra and Kyle always responded quickly to my calls and emails on issues or questions. While renting one of the properties they managed, we had several problems with the neighbors. Although they were never resolved and we ended up having to move, the Cunningham Group did what they could to make the situation better. After dealing with the our current property management company, we realized how personable and dependable these two truly were.
5	I have referred several clients to the Cunningham Group and I'm glad I did! They did an excellent job and I'm confident that they'll continue to do so in the future.  If you are a buyer or seller looking for Realtors who understand all of the intricate details and will patiently walk you through the process, look no further! If you are Realtor needing to send a referral, Shawn and the Cunningham Group are my go to! Keep up the great work!
4	I'm happy with the results. The rent comes in and costs seem to be well managed to date.
4	Most landlords I've dealt with in the past were so unprofessional or hard to reach, and after having two straight bad experiences in Reno, I was leery in moving back to Vegas on finding a solid management company.Great company to rent from. Relocated back from UNR to attend CSN for the year and needed a place to stay that fit into the budget. I found the unit online that was close to campus, and the place was ready to rent and had everything I needed in place. Clean, clean, clean is what I noticed unlike many places I visited. They also don't have all the extra utility fees that most of the apartments seem to have in the area.The move in inspection was a nice touch, and the few issues on move-in were dealt with fast. They really took the time to explain the process and the lease agreement, was impressed with how organized everything was.
5	My husband and I have worked with Shawn Cunningham two times, once for our short-sale and a second time to purchase a home. Both times we have had excellent service. Shawn is professional and extremely responsive. When I called, texted, or emailed him, he responded within minutes. When we looking for a home, Shawn used his knowledge and real estate expertise to narrow down the properties we actually looked at. Instead of looking at 30 properties (like I have done when I bought houses in the past), we looked at less than 10 before making an offer. Shawn gave excellent advice when we made our offer and counter-offer. Ultimately, we got the home we wanted at a lower price than we expected.Buying a home or going through a short-sale are extremely stressful events. Shawn and his group do whatever they can to make it as easy as possible for you. I plan on being in my house for a long time, but if I ever move again I will be working with Shawn.
1	Completely unprofessional , unreachable , unreliable and too self important to care about a clients needs . Stay away from these guys . You have been warned.
5	I have been renting a home through the Cunningham Group for over 2 years now, and they've been exceptionally helpful and quick to communicate back to me on any home repairs (both emergency and minor) and requests that I've made.  I really like their web portal, as it's a good way to request repairs and follow up with them, but they are also available by phone if you need to get a hold of someone.  Keep in mind, most property managers are busy enough with the daily work to get back to people immediately, so my understanding has always been that you do have to put in time yourself if you want to see something resolved.  I've noticed over the years that Yelp reviewers like to complain about a company or business because the follow up is not immediate (maybe it takes 1-2 days) or the Yelp reviewer had to call back several times (oh, the horror). That is isn't a valid reason to complain and it certainly is not productive, because it takes good communication on both sides to get things done or resolve an issue.  If I give bad feedback, it's going to be because of clearly poor service or products despite all attempts to prevent or avoid that outcome.  Having to get in touch with someone several times is just a facet of life, especially in our technology-laden and fast-paced world.  I'm really happy with the Cunningham Group, and if I decide to buy a home in the area in the near or distant future, I will definitely consider them first because they've been so easy to work with and so responsive to my requests and needs.  This team works hard to make sure they communicate and follow up, so I trust them completely.
5	To sum my experience up in a word, "excellence". From the first day we set out for a few showings, Shawn went through dozens of homes online with me narrowing our search down to just a handful. I was skeptical, as I wanted to see everything out there, but Shawn knew what he was doing. He made calls to sellers agents to confirm deal breakers before we wasted time viewing properties that were not right for me, and actually the home I've purchased was one he showed me on day 1!Shawn was quick to return all of my emails/ calls/ texts, even when he was out of town, or while busy with other clients. He was through in explaining terms/ expectations, which for me was very important as this is my first home purchase. I would absolutely use the Cunningham Group again, and recommend Shawn as your agent, no questions asked!
5	Cunningham Group has been managing our properties for 5 years and things can't go any smoother. Everything is taken care of quickly and professionally. They are communicative when needed, always responding promptly by phone or email. Our properties were rented quickly and they stayed in touch during the process. We were originally out of state owners & it put our mind at ease knowing that our properties were taken care of by people who are honest and know what they are doing. We now live in the Las Vegas area & continue to have them manage our properties because they provide great service and assistance.
5	This is one of the best property management company I have found. Kyle is my manager, and he is OUTSTANDING! He is so familiar with the market and locals, when you ask a question he will reply within 10 minutes with very detailed information and suggestions! Their record are clear and can be accessed on line, and the team is very capable and honest. Very hard to find such property management team I wish all of my other property managers are like that!
5	I have worked with the Cunningham Group for two years.  They are top notch.  From the buying experience to the property management, every aspect of their service has been outstanding.  They communicate frequently, provide fast turnaround on every aspect of purchase and management, and alert me to new opportunities as they arise.  Going with their organization was the best choice I made as a 1st time property investor.  I'm a strong advocate!!
5	I used Kyle Cunningham to purchase my home.  I gave him a list of what I wanted and an area.  We looked at a few houses on the first day and agreed to meet up a few days later to look at more.  On the second meeting he had the perfect house for me, a little out of the area but I almost couldn't have designed what I wanted better.  He listened to my wants and needs the first visit and wasted no time in applying them for the second.  We made the offer and I've been living here for almost a year.  Very happy and satisfied with my purchase.  I have been a loan officer for almost 18 years. I've worked with many Realtors over the years and can't recommend him highly enough.  Very professional, fluid easy closing, interesting and fun to work with.  I will continue to use the Cunningham group for all my personal transactions.
5	Met with Kyle Cunningham for the first time yesterday. He was on time (I was late), welcoming, well prepared and ready to answer all of my questions without exception. I appreciate his honest and straightforward approach. No smoke and mirrors, no double talk, no hidden agendas. Totally professional. Completely focused.  Honest in his feedback.  I highly recommend him and have no problem giving this guy 5 stars. He is as good as it gets.
