5	I have never met anyone more friendly than Tina.  She would not accept a tip, and another woman (who was watching American Idol there... and who is a regular) said that trying to sneak her a tip is pointless- she tried it once and Tina accidentally threw the money out.  There is also a 2-for-1 coupon in the PHX entertainment book... so take it, see if you can hang with the sheet covered couches, and give this place a shot.  Also ask Tina if she is planning any more special events -- for Valentine's Day 2007 she had dancers and a buffet for $30 a couple.
5	Tina makes you feel like a member of her family the first time you go there.  I regret I didn't go there sooner but didn't know anyone in the area to go with and was inhibited to go by myself--boy was I wrong!  She made me feel right at home, came over to talk with me every chance she got, and mother-henned me till I left even though I'm older than her!  She was supposed to close about 10 but we hung out talking and watching TV till about 11:30pm!  Such a delightful person--a real asset to Chandler.  The food is delicious--very flavorful without being too spicy for the average person.  If you're vegetarian there are plenty of veggie dishes to fill you up. I loved that I had leftovers to take home and enjoy the next day.  I forgot to mention this is often a one-woman show. Tina is the hostess who welcomes you, the waitress who takes your order, the cook and busboy.  I don't know how she does it all but she does!  The injera bread and Ethiopian tea are both delicious, by the way.  I'm back in San Diego now but hope to see her on my next trip to Chandler.
5	Tina's is a unique experience ... I have been telling all my friends about it!  The cafe is set up with cozy conversation nooks ... which are usually scooped up by the "regulars".  There are some picnic style tables where you might invite others to join you ... making for some very interesting conversation and meeting new folks. :-) The first time we went we met someone who happened to be a piano student of a friend of mine!!  How strange is that? We also visited with Tina's husband who is as cordial as TIna.  Visiting Tina's Ethiopian is like visiting a friend's home.  The food is great and the atmosphere is very cordial.  I'm looking forward to my next visit!
3	So, i was really looking forward going there and was all excited and all. We drive up there, and find this little place squeezed between like auto repair and welding shop. No big deal, best gems are hidden right?We go inside to find this dude just sitting on the middle of one of two rooms reading newspaper. For a second i was dazed and thought we accidentally walked into someones house. But no this was right place, it just seems/feels like someone else's house. So, dude told us to grab some dinky table and wait, and got back to his undoubtfully exciting newspaper. Humm, ok, wait we shall, gives us a minute to look around. Hey, what do you know! It totally is like someone home -A little dirty, a little old, mismatched furniture around, pizza boxes on the counter, shaky table, some people you not sure weather they there to fix stuff or they belong. Alright, whatever.Finally this lady shows up and hands us some menus. We pick a few thing and off she goes. About 20 min later something shows up. Did we order two of same? No, we surely did not. Hummm starnge.Anyhow, it was bland and uninteresting. Nothing special about it. Place was kinda dirty, as i said. Service .... well there was really no service to speak of.I suppose if you like this kind of establishments, it might be for you. But if i wanna sit in the dinky kitchen and eat boring food i can just head out to my Mother-in-Law. We surely aint coming back there."Its great! NOT!"EugenePS: Whomever it was had absolutely no reservations taking my tip. Just FYI.
5	I'll give 5 stars for the overall experience.Walking into Tina's Ethiopian Cafe is like walking into someones living room. And you might actually be. The setting is conducive to conversation- within your own group or with everyone else in the restaurant. We prefer to sit in the mismatched lazyboys.My first time at Tina's, the hubski and I crashed with four other friends. Tina bought out a sampler of almost everything she offers. There really is no need for a menu in her living room. We all enjoyed spiced hot black tea and ate until we were all stuffed. She came out and scolded us for not finishing our food, "Do you know how hard it is to cook this?"While my buddy Kevin tried to explain to her that we were not insulting her food, and that we were actually full, I stuffed my mouth with everything left on the plate in a very unlady-like fashion. Hey- I come from a Russian Jewish family and I have learned that food tastes better than guilt.After dinner, Tina offered us slices of "real NY cheesecake", which I don't think she usually has there. When we got the bill, it was $35 each. For 6 of us. Total.Since I read a review stating that Tina does not accept tips, we dropped $30 per couple...AND RAN to our cars before she could stop us.We've been back many times since. I think she has learned to accept tips. Sometimes the food is a 5, sometimes its a 4, but it always satisfies. And the price? Well, Tina's cooking is cheaper than mine at home. Nice.
5	I tried three different times to go to Tina's--something I had really looked forward to when I returned to Chandler--but found the place closed all three times.  This was a new location across the street from the original one and looked totally different inside when I looked thru the window.  Finally, on the third try on my last day in  town, I went into the bar next door to ask the lady bartender if she had any info.  To my great disappointment she said it was closed for good.  What a shame!  Tina--If you're out there and read this get in touch with me and let me know if you ever re-open!
3	*********Original location closed. The new one has the window's papered and a sign that reads Chili Billy's coming soon.*********
4	We went for the grand-opening at her new Gilbert location. This is the essence of casual dining- you walk in and you feel like you've entered someone's home. It's a sit wherever attitude, with a "hey how are you doing!" like you've known Tina and her staff for years. The menu isn't huge so it's easy to decide what to have- and if you can't decide, get the combo platter so you can have a little of many things. Everything is also fresh. Tina came out and talked to everyone, and told us that she doesn't like to freeze her food, so you will have fresh ingredients each time you visit. It's also made to order, so don't be in a rush. It's completely worth the wait. Our drinks stayed full and the decor contains many conversation pieces. The flavors in the beef and chicken were amazing, and the bread had an extra-sour taste to it which was an excellent compliment to the meal. I will go visit Tina again very soon!PS- They don't have a sign up yet, so for now if you look for the China Bistro sign that's where Tina's is. Go. Eat!
5	http://www.groupon.com/deals/tinas-ethiopian-cafe?fb_ref=anonymous&fb_source=profile_multilineomg, tina's is open again... new location:Cooper Marketplace785 W Warner Rd., Suite 103 Gilbert, Arizona 85233 get your groupons now!i used to be a regular here, best food and company in town!
4	Had my first visit to Tina's today after picking up a "dinner for two" groupon deal that offered a $26 meal for $13. It was a mixed, but good overall experience.For those who don't know, Tina's just reopened in a new location. It's on the SE corner of Warner and Cooper. The restaurant doesn't even have signage yet - it says "Chinese Cuisine" above the entrance. When we arrived, there was only one other couple in the restaurant. We were greeted casually by Tina, who told us to sit anywhere. Seating and decor were sparse; traditional music was playing in the background. We took a seat in one of the booths along the wall. The restaurant smelled a bit like the Cigar shop next door.After a few minutes, Tina came over to introduce herself and take our order. We were offered menus, but since we were there on the groupon deal, we knew we were getting the House Watt Combo - a combo platter of meat and vegetarian dishes served over a thin, spongy, sour bread.After a short wait, our meal arrived. It looked fantastic - a beautiful mix of color and texture. Tina explained every dish and gave us a quick lesson on how to eat it. (Pick up the food with the bread and enjoy). There were slow-cooked meat/sauce dishes, chickpeas prepared a couple of different ways, collard greens, a chicken wing, and a mixed green salad.It seemed like each dish was better than the last, making it very hard to pick a favorite. Some were spicy, others smokey. In the middle of the platter was a tart, spicy salad that was amazing. The slow-cooked chicken wing in sauce fell off the bone and was super tender and flavorful. As an Ethiopian food noob, all the flavors were completely new to me and I enjoyed them all.So, why was the experience "mixed"? Actually, it wasn't really for me - I appreciate informal, no-frills places. But in the end, the service was very hit or miss... Tina either hovered and chatted for a several minutes or was non-existent. There was no in between. Also, since Ethiopian food is traditionally eaten with your hands, there were no utensils - which was fine - but there were no napkins available or offered. That was a bit of an inconvenience. My recommendation: Go to Tina's strictly for the food. It's a very casual, non-traditional dining experience, so check your service expectations at the door and you're sure to be pleased. The food is worth any shortcomings in the service. You're not likely to leave Tina's feeling pampered, but you will be full and happy.
4	We were a fan of Tina's when it was on AZ Avenue so were very happy to see her reopen at the SE Corner of Warner and Cooper.  We were there on one of the first weekends she was open, so they are still working through the glitches.  The location is quite a bit smaller than the old location, and the ambiance is that of a Subway restaurant, but the food was as good as I remember it.  We took our 8 year old there and she also enjoyed the food.  We will definitely go back.  At present they do not serve alcohol (don't know if that is in the plans), but I did see a couple folks bring in bottles of wine.   Highly recommended for the food!
4	Do you enjoy eating food from different cultures? The owner of this place is Ethiopian, and you will get to know her if you eat there..... she is wonderful. She is very sweet and you will begin to understand Ethiopian culture simply by chatting with her. She cooks all of this food herself and she told us the bread takes a few days to make. She does hang around and talk quite a bit to custormers, which is part of the charm of the place. The restaurant itself  is small, but nicely decorated in a fun way. Brightly painted walls adorned with African artwork makes you feel as though you are in someone's home. We got a vegan platter for two and it was wonderful. There were a few different lentil dishes and a salad served with Ethiopian bread that you use almost like a tortilla to pick up bites of your food. You don't use silverware, which is difficult when you are used to using a fork to eat. It was messy. You can bring your own wine to this place if you would like to. My only suggestion would be for this restaurant to offer silverware to guests. It was a little tough eating the food without it. Will I go back?  YES
2	I am trying to like Tina's Ethiopian. Love the concept; small business, great food..... I will give it one more try at least. Tina seems like a character! First impression: Walk in the door and get greeted with "Do you have a Groupon"? Well, no, I don't, but now I  feel badly about it. We had a delicious lunch for cheap and were delighted. Met Tina, who told me next time, to bang on the back door if it looks like she is closed, she will feed me". Time two, had a meal that was half the food for a third more the price. Lots of bread. The sign on the door says closed at 1:30. But we walked in anyway (rather than bang on the back door) The website says open until 3pm for lunch. This is quintessential Tina. I'm trying.......This restaurant is closed. The location is now a Thai place....
4	This was my first time trying Ethiopian food.  We let the owner customize a plate for us.  Very flavorful!  The owner was extremely personable and nice.  If I'm in the area I wouldn't mind stopping by again.
3	Really good Ethiopian food. Atmosphere lacks but don't come here for atmosphere!!This review is for their new location.
4	Tina's is now in Gilbert on the southeast corner of Cooper and Warner. Tina informed us that she's still working on the sign, so don't expect to spot it from the road (it's next to Blew Smoke Cigars if you need a hint). We loved Tina's. We set out to order the combo plate for two and Tina told us, no one order would be fine for lunch :) She was correct it was a lot of food.  It was delicious and well prepared. Tina chatted with us for a while and that was fun. We'll return.
5	What a delightful experience! Tina prepared our food, served us, and even brought extras of my favorite dish free of charge. We had a  Groupon which she happily accepted, and asked us to tell her if we thought the service was too slow (she must read the reviews). Service was actually prompt.  Will most definitely return.
4	Very homey and you definitely get authentic Ethiopian food here.  Ethiopian music videos play in the background and books on Ethiopian culture are at each table.Honestly, I've had better Ethiopian food in Chicago, IL and in Berkeley, CA...but this is the best Ethiopian I've had in the Mesa/Chandler area of Arizona.
5	This is one of my very favorite restaurants in the whole world!!!! Tina is the sweetest proprietor and friendliest chef you'll ever meet- so friendly that like many others have said here, it doesn't feel like going to a restaurant- more like going to a friend's house. Except that this friend happens to always be down to cook you amazing slammin' Ethiopian food for super-cheap. Who wouldn't want to visit that friend all the time?If you want to impress your date by spending a lot of money in a dark intimate setting, this is not the place. But I'd rather have amazing food, reasonable prices and a casual family atmosphere in a small business that remembers me, any day. Tina sits down and chats with me when it's slow, or introduces me to other regulars. What other restaurant does that? Tina is awesome, and we isolated Americans have a lot to learn from her.
4	good and plentiful portions in  comfortable setting.  Lalibellas in Tempe is just a little better.  However, when in Gilbert, this is the only option for good ethoipian.
5	Tina's Ethiopian Cafe is a great place to to eat some real good Ethiopian Food. Tina makes the atmosphere at her cafe a very loving and pleasant one as if you have knownher all your life. The service is alway fantastic whenever I go there and I recommend thatyou stop by Tina's and enjoy some fine Ethiopian dining. Tina, keep on doing your thingand looking adorable and sweet! Good Luck and best wishes!
1	Would love to try this place but since they close so early (8pm) I need to do take-out as to not keep the place open later.  Unfortunately, I've called them on 4 separate occasions and have yet to have someone actually answer the phone.  I only get the recording.  This is beyond frustrating as I'd love to try it, as I'm a huge fan of Ethiopian food and am very excited about it's addition to Gilbert.  It appears they don't really need, nor want the business though.  So until they learn how to operate a business with customers in mind... 1 star.  I understand they may be busy, but then offer online ordering on the website, put a message on the voicemail, hire a helper during busy hours... or don't, and continue to lose customers.  It's not unreasonable to call a business during it's business hours, and expect an answer, at least by the second try.
1	I would like to try this place, but they are unresponsive to customers.  It seems that they tried to advertise with Groupon, and then didn't actually like it when customers tried to redeem their Groupons.--Did not answer the phone repeatedly--Actually spoke to her once, and she told me to text her.  I texted, got no reply.--Showed up at the restaurant at 4:30PM on a Saturday, and the doors were locked.  No answer to knocking or calling the phone.  --Other customers were outside, waiting.  One couple actually had a 4PM reservation, and was still waiting outside nearly an hour later.Tina's Ethiopian Cafe is not treating their customers with respect, and this is unacceptable.
2	Had to update my review. Second trip here was awful. Tina did not even ask us what we wanted. We did the combo plate that is normally $20 and it was cold and bad.Service girl was very weird and made us uncomfortable by standing over us watching us eat.
1	I have honestly never, EVER been treated so poorly at a restaurant before. It must be nice to be Benjie M., who gave the place 5 stars and said Tina was sweet and friendly, because to me, Tina was one of the rudest people I've ever met. I had a Groupon, and so my boyfriend and I went in February on a Saturday night. We got there about 7:30. When we walked in the door, Tina was socializing with friends. When she saw us, she rolled her eyes and said, "ARE YOU SERIOUS?! We closed like an HOUR AGO." Confused, I pointed out that their sign says that the last seating is at 8, and it was only 7:30. She told me that she didn't care and she'd decided to close early. We complained that the Groupon we had expired soon, and we wouldn't be able to come back before the expiration date. Tina sneeringly said, "Well didn't you see the SIGN?" as she pointed out a small, hand written sign that all Groupons would be extended until March 28th. Disappointed, hungry, and a bit shaken by being spoken to so rudely, we left.Last night, we decided to come back and use that Groupon. We even made sure to get there nice and early, at 6. They were open, and we were seated. However, when we mentioned the Groupon this time, Tina said, "Oh that expired a long time ago." I reminded her of the sign she had had up saying that the Groupons would be extended until March 28th. She proceeded to give us a rambling, condescending lecture, basically amounting to the fact that she changed her mind, and refused to honor it.Needless to say, I really don't appreciate being treated like trash, and will never be coming back here again. If you want Ethiopian food, I'd recommend the Blue Nile Cafe in Tempe. Better menu selection, delicious food, pleasant staff, and comparable prices.
1	I always told myself that I would go to a local restaurant at least a couple times before giving a bad review, and I tried to go to this place 2 times so here you go. After working with a few Ethiopian restaurants in Atlanta on their marketing, I thought it was high time I try out an Ethiopian restaurant myself since I've never been, so when this Groupon popped up I thought perfect! As things with expiration dates go, I ended up trying to use this on the day it expired, a Monday, presidents day. Since the time I bought it I've moved away from Gilbert so we made a special trip out here to eat here, and invited my cousin and her husband to join us (even more potential customers, with 2 full paying customers!). I tried calling several times since the Groupon mentioned to call ahead, and I wanted to verify the times they were open but nobody ever answered. The recording did say their place was not open on holiday's, but since this is a restaurant and not a bank, I figure a restaurant would be open on presidents day. Apparently Ethiopia celebrates the American presidents now because when the 4 of us pulled up the place was closed. To double up on what Marissa said in her review, they did have a sign on the door saying they will accept Groupons until a date in March, I can't remember the exact date but I figure we would just come back and ended up going to San Tan Brewery (read my review for a great dining experience). Here is where things go even more south, I called to see how long again they will take that Groupon, Tina answers and starts complaining to me about Groupon, how I had all this time to use it and how she is not taking them anymore. I told her she had a sign on the door and I just wanted to know the date she will take them to. I JUST WANTED TO TRY SOME ETHIOPIAN FOOD!! I said I'd be happy to use just the value I purchased ($13) not the full amount it was good for (a full dinner for 2). She actually has no choice, businesses in Arizona are required to accept the purchase price since it's considered a gift certificate, but not the "groupon" deal. Either way she seemed to lighten up and said just come on in and she'll accept it. So that brings me to my 2nd attempt to eat here last Friday, March 23rd. We arrived shortly after 7:00 pm and were relived to see it was open. After walking in, we stood around for a few minutes until this little girl (as in 5 year old) walked into the back (presumably to tell whoever was working back there that people are here), out came someone (not Tina) who proceeded to tell us they were closed. I said I don't understand, there are people eating, the front door was open, it's 7pm on a Friday, but he said they were out of some ingredient and are closed now. So that was the last straw. After my 3 experiences with this place, how I was treated over the phone, how they seem to open whenever they want and not accommodate any bit of consideration to their customers, here is my first 1 star review for a restaurant.
5	I stopped in here today and sampled the food and atmosphere. The owner (Tina, obviously) is one of the sweetest people I've ever met. The restaurant is small and cozy and eclectically decorated. The food - now, I've never really eaten Ethiopian food. Tina had to kind of give me a quick instruction on it. She put the plate down and my first instinct was to take a photo (and now I wish I had) - it was beautiful. She explained that she makes her own bread - it's a special sort of bread that's almost like a cross between pancake and a European fluffy/spongy crumpet. Next to it is a smaller plate filled with sauce and meat and vegetables. It looked a little messy, so I looked around for silverware. Silver-where? What? No silverware? I'm sure she had some, but she said I should eat with my fingers and told me how it works - using the bread to scoop up the meat and sauce. I had a bite of spicy chicken - OMG so good! Then I tried the ground beef - also OMG amazing!I took some home for my girlfriend who didn't even wait until I got inside the house - she met me in the garage and scarfed down a bunch of it. She also thought it was delicious. We're definitely going to have dinner here soon. I noticed a bunch of low reviews here and for the most part they are from people who didn't actually eat there or that bought an online coupon deal. I'm not going to bad mouth any daily deal site (sometimes they can help put a business on the map), but I can tell you that for a small business like this, it can be financially devastating doing a coupon or daily deal like this. Restaurant owners are asked to sell something for half price and then only get to keep half of that. It's safe to assume they lose money every time they do one. Also, they don't see any money from it for months. Also, the coupon customers often only show up someplace when there's a coupon involved. Restaurant owners aren't coached on how to get these customers to come back in to pay full price. And then to try to use an expired coupon and trash a tiny independent restaurant online when they won't accept it anymore - that's even more bad news for the restaurant owner. It just doesn't seem fair. I don't know. It seems like the opposite of supporting local to me. This restaurant is cute and charming and the owner is awesome. The food is incredible, and I'm a super picky eater who won't eat anything. I'm a fan of Ethiopian now. Can't wait to go back.
5	I never thought I would say that Ethiopian food is my favorite food but a few years ago I met a woman from Ethiopia who introduced me to the cuisine.  Over the years we parted ways but my love for the food was still there! Now anytime I am craving the earthy hearty vegetarian wat and injera I just head over to Tina's. Not only is the food great Tina herself is lovely and always willing to answer any questions I have. Sometimes the wait is a little long but it is totally worth it!
5	I am ecstatic that this place re-opened! Tina's feels like going to eat at your mom's house. The food is great, the atmosphere is friendly and it might as well be free considering what you get for your money. I took a first timer to Ethiopian food and he said he's going to be a regular there from now on. I can't wait to go back myself.I guess one could complain that things are not the most organized, but that makes it almost more endearing to me. To those negative reviewers who say they appreciate small businesses I suggest you give it another chance with an open mind.
1	UPDATE: Someone (who just joined Yelp btw) sent me an extremely abusive email via Yelp re: my negative review. Whoever this person is, firstly, doesnt speak/write english properly, and secondly, makes threats that are ridiculous (I.e Tina will kick my ass if I ever went back to her cafe?!) Are you kidding me?! First of all, i will never ever go back there, unless I'm needed by the Health Dept. to testify against this establishment, and second, don't ever threaten me, especially when I'm giving my honest opinion. Have you heard of freedom of speech? Sounds like Tina has a posse, but that is all she'll ever have when she loses her business due to dubious business practices! Hands down, absolutely the worst dining experience I've ever had. We only stayed because we were already there, and I had purchased a Groupon, wow what a waste. We sat down, and weren't even acknowledged for at least 10min. Then, the menus came about 20min later. So, about 30min of total wasted time. Maybe they were hoping we would read the disgustingly dirty book that was on the table on Ethiopia? It's a great idea, until you realize it's not practical at all for a restaurant. Forget that our copy was from 1964. I'm sure even Ethiopia has changed since then. Moving on to the ambiance/decor. Absolutely, disgusting and dirty. It's old, owner's kids were playing in and out of the kitchen (hello??), the kids' high chair (which was a regular high chair, not a restaurant style) was so disgusting, I had no idea what to do with my baby. Food. OMG. The amount of food you get is meager. I'm not kidding. It's a tiny little portion, probably about 3 tablespoons? It came out cold and it looked like someone had thrown it up. I had ordered the biggest plate that combined most of the foods (which by the way, there are only 15 on the menu, and they were out of 4 of them), and my husband had ordered his own plate. After we patiently waited for the food, the server (who had no idea what was going on) came out and asked us if it's ok for them to put my husband's order on my plate. What? Why? But we said "fine" b/c frankly, we wanted to just leave! In any case, the amount of my food was reduced by what my husband's food took up as space, which is not much, believe me. The quality of the food was just subpar. Cold, not tasty and lacking in meat.The "bread" was wet and sour, and I don't believe that's how ethiopian bread is. Some entries were beef and chicken, but you wouldn't have known it if it wasn't indicated on the menu. There were probably 2-3 TINY pieces of chicken/beef over all, I'm not kidding. (I wonder if it's b/c I told them we had a Groupon in advance, and they just gave us a tiny amount of cold food with no apparent presence of meat.) Service was just horrible, and the girl (was she the owner, or maybe the owner's daughter?) who waited on us at first, had no people or service skills. The boy who came in late apparently, was out second server, and he mentioned it was his second day, so he had absolutely no idea what to do. It was so sad to watch, really. The woman was just awkward. I wondered if there was something behind the scenes (in the kitchen) we weren't aware of, that was making the people working there completely incapacited. I also thought that if this restaurant can survive, anyone can be in the restaurant business apparently. I have traveled a lot, and am open to and love other cultures (I, myself, am not American), but this was by far not a tolerable or pleasant experience in any way. Looking at their website, you would think they are a well-established and clean business  but make no mistake, they are absolutely not. I am actually surprised they are still operating, and have a license. My husband and I wondered how long they will stay open, he gave them a month (but I have no idea how long they've been open for already.) Either way, we will NEVER ever go back there and waste another dollar. Please don't waste your money.
5	the first time I had Ethiopian food was at Tina's ehiopian cafe in 2000. It was just delicious. When I moved to Tucson i missed her food. No other restaurant comes close to her food. I try to visit whenever I go to Chandler. The quality of her food is excellent.
1	If you think the service and food is bad, just wait until you write a bad review for this disgusting, dirty poor excuse of a restaurant. My boyfriend and I gave it try because of a groupon he had purchased, and like many others that attempted to redeem it...they treated us like we were trash. I don't think they understand the concept of coupons, otherwise they would have tried to make more of an effort. The fact of the matter is, businesses use coupons and promotions to gain a regular population of customers and bring in revenue...but here at Tina's, they use it as a scam. Well it worked, my boyfriend bought the groupon and Tina's found a reason why we couldn't use it EVERY time we tried to use it. They also have little children working there so maybe they should be checked out concerning child labor laws. My boyfriend has been getting harassed non-stop for giving his honest experience with this business on yelp, not only over yelp messaging but by text message also (apparently their business phone is a cell phone and when he called to make sure the messages were from an employee they saved his number after cussing him out). They continue to be unprofessionally vulgar with the language, threatening and were very racist in their messages (calling him a dirty mexican--when he's not even hispanic) which is UNACCEPTABLE. I am ready to hear the racist and demeaning words they have for me, but I think the world should know how disgusting this place is. DO NOT SUPPORT BUSINESSES LIKE THIS, THEY SHOULD NOT GET AWAY WITH TREATING PEOPLE WITH SUCH A LACK OF RESPECT. There are so many other well-deserving, hard working, personable businesses/restaurants that deserve your time and money. And please believe me, when I get the treats and disrespectful messages because of this review it is going straight to the yelp offices and all over the internet.Oh and btw, the person harassing us is an employee there and has written a five star review, so I wouldn't trust any of the good reviews on here. This place needs to get shut down.
1	Just got this message from one of the owners (their review is under Jestin M.) this is me one of the owner of Tina's cafe.  you are obviously a poor idiot who is miserable in life.  If you have a nerve, you should've tell your complaint to us instead of crying out on yelp.  We have so many flowers and will continue doing great. Tina will bit the fack out of you if you come and let her know who you are.  ASS HOLE. Go back to your Mexico and eat corn with your whore mother.  by the way, your picture looks like a a guy who is infected with some kinds of disease.   Your women is ugly as you btw (lol)So after this I personally called and spoke with a manager, they confirmed Jestin works there. Even though I was being cordial with my tone and trying to be helpful in saying that this was my experience, maybe others are experiencing the same thing and that can help fix the problem, they proceeded to say a few things I wont retype here and hung up. I responded back and so did they. If you want to read that here is a screen shot of that: http://i.imgur.com/PvcBz.jpgSo it was not enough for them to say that message. They just texted me this right now (since I called with my cell). "You keep mentioning 5yrs old about your stupid compain, we will report your info to be investigated if you are a child melester. Tina has a right not serve you for the safty of our customer. Take your little 10 dollar to mcdonald's. Lol"Here is a screen shot of the text I just got from the business phone number:http://i.imgur.com/6j55D.pngSo if you feel like this is a place you would like to try out after reading this, by all means take your chances.
1	Apparently, the staff here is even worse than I thought. I, like several others, have now received extremely abusive and lewd messages from someone who is confirmed to work at Tina's, and by their own account, is part of the management. Unless you care to be treated like trash, called awful names, harassed, and threatened, I suggest you find someplace else to eat.
4	Very yummy food. I loved the chickpea dish, as well as the cabbage with potatoes, carrots and other veggies. A mistake in the order was taken care of no questions asked, and we even got extra veggie dishes to take home with the extra injera bread, as well as Ethiopian iced tea on the house. We used a Groupon with no problem. The service was friendly and welcoming. We will be back.
1	Tina needs to get a dose of reality. After I was harassed and verbally abused for leaving a negative review, Tina responded to it as well (my original review). Note to to you, Tina: our Groupon was NOT expired! So I'm not sure what your rant was about. In any case, I was really hoping this awful experience will be just left alone, but it seems like Tina and her workers can't get pass the reality of the situation, and the fact that there may be some customers who enjoy the disgusting atmosphere and undercooked and cold food, but there are also many, like me, who didn't enjoy anything about this (so called) restaurant, and will never go back! Newsflash to you, Tina&Co...This is no way to conduct business and it never be acceptable, here in the U.S. If these abusive tactics work in Ethiopia, they certainly do not here and will get you business shut down sooner than you can send another nasty email. I actually feel sorry for you b/c you seem to have fooled a lot of people with your what it seems to be a very bi-polar attitude. If you ever contact me again, whether is by sending me another unacceptable and harassing email, or by responding in an abusive way, I will contact a few of the authorities that might want to look into your business (health Dept, the police), in addition to contacting some TV stations..believe me, this will be a good story for them! You are lucky I haven't done this yet b/c make no mistake, I am relentless if I want to get something done.
1	Tina, instead of harassing people, try spending your time on improving and building your business (if that's even possible.) You are the most unprofessional business owner I have ever encountered. You accuse people who give your cafe negative reviews of things that are not only true, but preposterous (yes, look it up.) You claim to have all these supporters (true or not) but by judging how you abuse people, you may not have many to speak of soon..especially when they realize that you have kids working at your low-rate establishment. I can only feel sorry for you and your business. To all the people who are thinking about going to this place: spend your hard earned dollars elsewhere. There are so many small businesses who will treat you right and make your money spent well worth it. This "cafe" is not one of them. If you do end up going there, and happen to write a negative review, brace yourselves for a string of abusive and harassing replies to your review. To Tina: spend your time on your business, not on harassing people. Maybe you can even see a therapist, you seem to have a lot of issues (disconnect from reality, lying, anger, inability to take criticism and improve, consistent defamation of other honest people..should I go on?!) You are a sad excuse for a small business owner, and it's people like you who give a bad rep to your country.
5	Highly recomend Tina's. Great food and more great food! Service is the best and Tina always makes me us feel as if we are part of her family. I've been coming to Tina's for about a year now (3 or 4 times a month) lunch or dinner.I highly recomend.Once more, thank you Tina, btw my girls wanted to come see you tonight, I'll bring them next week.Thx: GABEPs. I can't wait to try your coffee.
5	I first must start by giving kudos to the service at Tina's. It is a very good cultural experience where you don't have to travel far and feel as if you are in another country, the bread "teff" is amazing, and all those awesome flavors make this experience amazing.I highly recomend their food and their service "you will feel like a family member".Thank you.
1	Food = mehh, service = subpar, what else is there to say? Save your money. You'll be happy you did.I know i'm asking for Tina to stalk and insult me on Yelp by posting this bad review, but Tina, the truth shall set you free. You can choose to accept it and change your restaurant's operating policies, or you can ignore everyone and struggle to make things work.
5	We had a delightful early dinner on Saturday at Tina's!  The food was fantastic and we loved the laid back family atmostphere.  My daughter was with a friend and I and even she loved the food.  We spent quite a while having the unique experience of conversation and learning of this culture!  We all three cant wait to go back for yumminess and a warm atmosphere!  thanks Tina!
1	I posted this on Google, but I had such a bad experience I felt people on Yelp needed to know as well. The comments I saw about other people being stalked by Tina after posting negative reviews do not improve my impression of this restaurant, but thankfully that has not happened to me, yet.We had a groupon to come here, but will not be going back.As we walked in the door at 6 p.m., the store was empty, the staff was sitting around, and they rudely told us we needed to make a reservation to eat here. A stupid policy for an empty restaurant, I think, and if all else had been good I might have excused this annoying oddity. At least they didn't require us to go outside and call in a reservation on our cell phone. They gradually got off their butts and went to the kitchen, while leaving pizza boxes from their meal strewn about the restaurant. Finally, a server, a girl who looked to be about 13 came over to us and asked us, "So.... what do you guys... like... want, I guess?" We ordered, I asked for a coke, but when she came back with a tiny bottle that would be way too expensive, I sent it back. After about 45 minutes, our food finally came. It was ok, decent for Ethiopian standards, but one dish was too dry. One of the dishes we ordered never came, so we asked for them to send it out to us to take home, which took another great while. When the bill came, we were charged for the coke as well as one of the dishes twice, so we needed to sort that out, which took another chunk of time. The service by the staff the whole time was carried out with great annoyance, as if we should be grateful to them that they deigned to serve us at all. The service we received is frankly inexcusable. Others that have gone there told us that this must have been an exceptionally bad night, but admitted the service wasn't exactly fantastic most of the time either.If you really want to eat some good Ethiopian food with decent service, take the drive to tempe.
1	This is not Cafe Lalibela or even close. I was so excited to have Ethiopian food so close. I Grabbed a take out sampler to go. No one was in there and when I got home I threw away most of it because of a bad smell. I am no stranger to Ethiopian food and this was really not good.
3	So Tina moved locations and I've tried twice to get in.I'd love to eat here, but 2 Friday nights in a row no one answers the phone there and both Fridays they've had a private party. So I'm not too sure that I'll waste another drive over there.Our norm is Cafe Lalibela, but it's a drive, so this was nice and close. oh well
