1	If you're looking to blow a couple thousand dollars or much more, then you have found the right place!  I signed up, yes, signed up as in a binding contract, about a year ago.  They want the money up front.  Then off to the room I went where there are ten or twelve big fat recliners.  David, the hypnosis instructor came in for the weekly educational discussion and I offered a positive experience I had with what I had chosen to eat that week.  I felt so proud of myself.  He then served me up as a horrible example of what not to do.  Not only did I not lose weight, I ballooned.  Since that time I have gone to another solution, one which has worked and I have lost over 60 pounds.  One thing in Positive Changes' favor, they are insistent about honoring their contract; however, I do not want to go back and have them take credit for my weight loss.  And yes, they do insist on honoring the contract and even had an ex-Marine sargeant grill me on what I was doing wrong.  So stay away.
5	I must say.  The team here is amazing.  David was awesome in his coaching.  Christine at the front always welcoming and helpful.  I am on a journey for myself.  This was and is my last resort to make changes   The effect they have had on me is not only for my change but also helped me change other things.  I don't mention my personal goal as it is private.  But it is working.  Their process works.  You have to "let your self go".  I recommend them to you.  The experience is how you listen and learn and make your change.  Very proud to have joined Positive Changes.  Thank you to David and Christine and the whole team.
2	I signed up, spent a couple of thousand dollars, went to the classes weekly, listened to my hypnosis tapes regularly, and I saw no change. Most of what they teach you-I was already working on myself. I thought Dave was helpful but one of the female counselors told me that I would never lose the weight. They say it is guaranteed but I didn't get any results or my money back. I would like my money back please. I wouldn't recommend them.
