5	I've been coloring my hair forever and have had Lynsey cut my hair but recently decided to have her color it, too.  Lynsey knows her color!  So natural, it looks like my original.  Great cut, too.  She listened to my lifestyle choices and the way I like to wear my hair and it's so easy to style now.
5	I went to Olive for the first time yesterday & saw Marissa for a cut & color. My color was fading and hair completely damaged. Marissa blew me out of the water, she really knows her stuff! The color she picked was incredible! She offered great advice on ways to keep it healthy and recommended amazing products. I'm very picky so I'm VERY thankful I found someone I can trust! Thanks Marissa, I'll def be back!
5	I've been going to Lynsey for ALL my hair needs for over 2 years...SO excited she decided to open The Olive!  Such a cute space, with other lovely stylists as well.  Lynsey always does an amazing job - whether I have specific instructions or just let her do what she does best.  Go see Lynsey - she'll take great care of you!
4	My cut and color were great! This place is small, but modern and trendy. I related well with my stylist. Feels good to support a small local business. This place is a little hard to find since it's inside a building shared by other salons/businesses. I highly recommend it!
4	Paige was great at the Olive Salon. She was very knowledgable. I felt very comfortable with her suggestions and she also shared the Milk Shake product. Highly recommended. Her continued education in her field lets you know you are in good hands. Her color was great and I will definately be back again! Thank you for a great experience!
5	I moved to Arizona nearly two years ago... I have had the same girl doing my hair since I was in high school (I'm now 25). Needless to say, I have been extremely hesitant to get my hair done by anyone else out here. I've tried several places and have not been happy with my results once. I am a blonde and I usually get bright blonde highlights... I am EXTREMELY picky about the color of my hair. Other places out here have not done the right color or have done what THEY wanted and not what I wanted. I found Paige at The Olive Salon on Groupon and I am sooooo happy I did!! She was extremely nice and knowledgeable, she did a PERFECT job on the color, and she was fast!! I have long hair, so it usually takes people quite a while to do my hair. Paige did an awesome job in an efficient time and for a reasonable price. I walked out of the salon with a huge smile on my face. I LOVE my color!! She also recommended some really great products to help keep my hair healthy. She didn't push the product, she just gave me some information and recommendations on different products and store products VS salon products. Overall I'm really happy with my experience and I am absolutely planning on going back when I need a touch-up!
1	You may need to find a new nail tech b/c this review unfortunately will bring your rating down.. I am shocked on the poor customer service of this salon as it is impossible to get ahold of anyone, (NO answering service/no calls back) and after days of trying I got one text to ask when I would like to schedule an appt to get mani/pedi. I responded right away and then got no response after that.. Not sure how you expect to stay in business with this type of service. I have canceled my groupons due to this unfortunately. Too bad..
5	Paige was phenomenal - from first contact (answering my questions and setting up the appointment via text message) all the way through the end, sending me and my cousin off with delighted, satisfied smiles on our faces. Gave me a fantastic deal: haircut, style, highlights (with toner) for $75. Hard to beat that price, which is why my cousin tagged along and asked for a last minute appointment, which Paige was happy to oblige. She was knowledgeable and easy to talk to. She had a great balance between listening to what her client wants and giving much needed input as a stylist. The end result is a fresh new summer look for me and it has earned me a lot of compliments in just 24 hours!One thing you might want to know though is that Paige's hands are kinda "heavy," which my cousin and I don't mind (case in point, we go for deep tissue massages and are not afraid of a little pressure).Go see Paige! She'll rock your world. You'll come out as a whole new, reinvigorated you.
