5	So I totally lacerated my arm the other night and lucky for me, there was a nurse present when it happened. I needed stitches and was going to head down to my nearest hospital. The nurse told me though, expect a 5 hour wait if you go to the hospital on St. Rose and Eastern. "You're better off driving the 215 to Durango and going out there. You'll be seen immediately!"So... I took her word and drove out the extra 20 minutes. Sure enough, I walked into an EMPTY ER. No kidding! I filled out some forms, and my name was called within 10 minutes of my arrival. I got my stitches from a handsome doctor named Matthew Vander Woude and I was out of the hospital and back in my car within an hour!The stitches look great.I'd take a picture of them but I'd probably gross yelpers out.Seriously though. The San Martin Campus ER rocks!! THERE WAS NOBODY THERE!! I'm sure this won't last but it's such a great tip for now! (8/5/07)
5	My sister had a really invasive surgery here, requiring an additional 3-day stay. Even though it seemed like we waited forever for the process of pre-registering, the staff was very friendly and efficient once they made contact. I stayed in her hospital room with her all day long each day and the nurses took excellent care of her: very friendly, quick response times, and they were comforting and encouraging. That's just what a patient needs.Only a single negative to mention:  I found it absolutely ridiculous that they charge ~$3 for in-room movies. You're paying $2k/day for the room, so that's really just insulting! I would highly recommend this new hospital. Great facilities and care and best of all-- it doesn't smell like a hospital!!
5	I have had to go to the ER three times in the last two years, and I live right by the Siena Campus on Eastern. However, at the prompting of a friend of mine who works at Siena, I bypassed the loooooong wait and drove straight to the San Martin campus. WOW! Each time I was taken back within 10 minutes and seen almost immediately. The doctors and nurses were kind and comforting and got me settled quickly. Blood was drawn and tests were performed shortly after seeing the doctor. On each visit, I was in and out in less than 2 1/2 hours. That's amazing, considering the fact that I probably would have been waiting in the waiting room at Siena that long before even being seen. I love San Martin and hope it doesn't get busy any time soon. It's well-worth the extra 15 minute drive, and I recommend it to everyone I know!
4	I chose to go here because of Allison's review.Granted, her review was over 2 years ago.....But this emergency room was EMPTY!!!  I showed up and was immediatly seen.  Everyone was super nice and quick.  I was literally in and out within one hour.  And I wasn't going in for a simple procedure either....-1 star becuase after treatment they moved me back into the waiting room to see how I'd do.  Hmmmm.... why not leave me in a bed all comfortable in back?  You're not that busy!  But whatever.  If ever in need of an ER in the Vegas area, this is where I'll return.
5	If I am dying then I guess I'll go across the street from my house to Centennial Hills Hospital, but if I have a choice or have an accident anywhere else in Vegas, I'm coming here. When we were looking for our home,we seriously were looking for a house in the neighborhood simply for the hospital. This was a few months ago, but they deserve a review for our experience. BF had a ER stay from a random cyst that grew on his hip quickly then burst. The ER had only a handful of few people and he was processed quickly and taken in. The head nurse came in to see him pretty quickly to examine him and do the basics, put the IV in, etc. We were waiting not for very long until the nurse came to check on him and apologized but said they will be tied up for the moment because a major accident rolled in and to let the nurse assistants know if he needed anything. He didn't care, they got him all fucked up on some morphine drip and feeling good. Haha. The next part was not so pleasant. The doctor came in and had to cut out the cyst from his side and pack it, but it needed to go. The only hangup is that the head nurse gave him a antibiotic (if I'm not mistaken- Bactrim) with a dose of Mylanta and the BF is very sensitive to antibiotics and didn't eat all day. He said the stomach pains were just bad if not worse than the cyst removal. Told them he hasn't eaten and they just went "oh well you should have said something about him not eating"..... I didnt think it was important so I can forgive them for not asking. I mean, would you remember to ask if you ate when it was 5pm in the afternoon? Most people are bound to have eaten something by then- but we are NIGHT folks so no. The nurse instructed me on how to dress his wounds, what to look for and sent me home with a bag of dressings and tapes that is the sturdiest to withstand moving with the hip and directed us to make a check up in a few days.Even with the emergency that moved us down the priority list, we still got out within 5-6 hours which is not bad for minor surgical procedure ....other ERs you cant even get admitted in that amount of time. If I was near UMC/Summerlin/Valley/etc, I'll get myself, even bleeding and all, away from there and come down here. Other than the ER, some of the regular practitioners are great here....we live in the NW and drive down for Pauline Chao, Internal Medicine. I say give this place a try if you're in trouble.
4	My grandma was in the ICU for three weeks before she passed away and let me tell you that the nurses and chaplains here were so awesome! They knew we were going through a hard time and let us stay all the time and even accommodated my entire family when we were all in my grandma's room with her. The only reason I give this place 4 stars is because sometimes the doctors can be prima donna's. They are entitled to be that way sometimes considering all the experience and school they have but still. We had an awesome nurse who was very helpful and went out of her way to get us answers. One of the doctors didn't like that so they had her moved do a different area! Overall though, we had a good experience here.
5	This place is new, clean, and the ER staff is awesome. No wait, and doctor listened to exactly what I told him my symptoms were and treated with no questions.
2	I had to make a visit last Wednesday night for a UTI. It was after hours so I couldn't go to an urgent care(which would have been far cheaper) or the Take Care Clinic at Walgreens(which would have been even cheaper). If you've had a UTI, you know they are painful and can turn into a kidney infection. Anyway, the wait time was great. No complaints there. But as I was in the room getting my vitals done, I hear a nurse go "I didn't know a UTI was an emergency." I found that to be past unprofessional. I didn't appreciate her remark. Then after I had my urine sample, I attempted to ask the nurse what to do with it and she barely allowed me to ask the question as she walked off saying "take it in the room with you." I was in a waiting room type of area and didn't exactly want to sit there with a cup of urine. I did get to see the doctor quickly(Dr.Hayes) who was nice. He did indeed confirm I had a UTI. I waited a little longer then I thought was necessary to get a prescription and discharge papers. All in all, they will NOT be my first choice for something I deem an emergency.
5	I fell and landed on the side of my head/face and knees.  Went to Spring Valley with head trauma and waited 2 hours with a swollen temple.  Gave up and we left and headed to St Rose San Martin.  I got in immediately, got a CAT scan and xray of my face and knees.  In and out in under an hour!  The staff were EXCELLENT.  The radiology and CAT techs were so kind and considerate.  I will go back if I need ER
2	I gave birth to my baby here in August 2011. The nurse that checked me in was rude and unfriendly. The nurse that I had from the time I got into my room until an hour after giving birth was fantastic! My baby needed to go to the NICU, but we weren't really told the reason for taking her there. Our baby was in the NICU for 7 days, so we met almost all of the nurses up there. About 2/3 were rude and not friendly (IN THE NICU). The other 1/3 was friendly and wanted to answer our questions. I was there every 3 hours to feed my baby while she was staying at San Martin so I met everyone that came in. We didn't meet the doctor caring for my baby until day 5 after I demanded to talk to him. They were very vague about why she was staying there and treated us as if we were stupid! For my next baby I will not be delivering at San Martin Campus.
4	My father has been sickly for a few years now with breathing and heart issues. We usually go to the Sienna campus, but it has gotten so crowded and busy that we decided to try the San martin campus.  On his first time there in December 2011, he was admitted through the ER. It was fast. No waiting. Then he was put in a room on ER and tests began. Everyone was great and kept us abreast of all that was happening. He was there until late in the night when they moved him to a room on the surgical floor. Again, everyone there was friendly efficient and helpful. On the third or fourth day I noticed as I was helping him with his food plate, that there were sugar packets on the tray. (He is a severe diabetic) I brought it to the nurse's attention and she got right on the phone. So happens that his sugar was running quite high. (I wonder why) They found out that when the doc put him o a cardiac diet, the kitchen decided to ditch the diabetic diet. Finally got that fixed. He had to go back in this week (jan 2012) and the er was just as quick with nobody in the waiting room. Everything went just the same. By the time I could get to his room, the food ray was gone but I went to the desk to tell them what happened last time and hope to preempt any problems. The next day I got there and sure enough, sugar packet. The desk tole me "he is on a cardiac diet". I told her I knew that but he still needed to be on a diabetic diet too. I could not understand why they would think a man who is being given insulin every day would be getting these large carb loaded meals. So for that I ding them a star. because clearly the dieticians are not very good here.
1	My trip to hell. I was supposed to get a outpatient op for my gall bladder. after the op the nurse said i have to stay over night because they needed to give me a second op tomorrow morning. I should have told her i will come back tomorrow & do the second op but, being a first timer in a hospital situ I relented & stayed over night. I really think that because they saw that I had 2 insurances that they totally took advantage of me. I didn't need to stay that night.  I was unprepared for this stay so i didn't have any over night clothing or grooming products. Of course they "kindly" offered up grooming products, at a seriously ridiculous high price. After my second op to observe & possibly clean out the gall stones that were supposedly stuck I was in intense pain!! Holy cow! The 1st shift nurse was sympathetic with my screaming & crying & gave me pain meds that I really needed to block the pain. the 2nd shift lead nurse chuckled when i asked her for more medication & said sorry i gave you all i could. I am not a crier but i was in severe pain & couldn't handle it. I couldn't believe she actually laughed at my situation. The graveshift nurse was nice & assisted me. The next night the graveyard assistant nurse decided to wake me up & noisily clean my room at 1am in the morning!! I couldn't believe it. I asked her why she was in my room and she said that she needed to take my vitals. I told her to take my vitals and get out because i was trying to sleep. she ignored me till i started to scream at her & swear "to get the f... out of my room" she finally took my vitals and left.The dr. who did the 2nd op saw me on the 3rd day & I begged him to please get me out of here. I didn't have one night of actual sleep because nursing staff kept on interrupting me. He told me that my liver count was still off but he would give them orders to not enter my room unless it was an emergency. Finally got a good nights sleep & my liver count was lowered. I ran as fast as I could. the rooms are nice cause they are private but that is about the only good thing I can say about the place.Did i tell you that they also took my blood work every night at 12 am??? OMG!run, run as fast as you can away from this hell hole of a hospital! LOL
5	The team here is very good!  Outpatient surgery was very easy and clean. I can recommend this place.
5	My experience here was my wife delivering our first child so this is sort of a second hand review pertaining mostly to labor and delivery. First of all, the whole property is very clean and professional. All of the staff we came into contact with were very friendly and efficient. The labor and delivery room is all inclusive so you don't have to leave unless you have complications and need an operating room. She was comfortable and well taken care of for the two days we were there. The delivery went smoothly even though there were multiple babies being delivered the same hour as us. The staff handled all of them very well with the limited people available. If you are staying the night as a guest and you are over about 5'8", the sleeping situation is going to suck, but I can hardly take much away from that since the patient had no comfort complaints.
1	I have never been to a hospital with less care, empathy and concern for their patients. I am disgusted with the care they gave my 85 year old father.
1	UPDATE: Since my father's March 4 admission, things went terribly wrong. I wish I could say that he got good care but the goulish way he was treated was awful. They pushed hospice like angles of death and didn't listen when we told them no. They wouldn't give him a feeding tube and nearly starved the man to death. They told us he had mersa one day, then the next told us they were wrong and acted like the infection in his blood was therefore non consequential. We knew Dad was not going to get better, but we did not want him to suffer and he suffered, calling out for food and water. We had to make food and bring it ourselves to try to help him. We even had to hire someone to help take care of him while he was there. Doctor Tacvarian was the worst! She told me he should go to hospice and I told her he couln't go unless he was inpatient. She said he could be but was wrong. So then we were trying to get him healthy enough to go to the Vetran's home. The Hospital did an eval and had him all set to go to some other one star nursing home we never approved! He could never emain stable long so they basically wanted to dump him when they could call him stable for 5 mintues. Tacvarian was being paged to my dads room and never came. We went to get a cup of coffee and she was sitting there doing NOTHING! I fiored her and she still showed uop in ICU when he had been out on Morphine to relieve his suffering and tried to argue with us STEALING THE LAST PRECIOUS MINUTES WITH OUR FAMILY! My father died haveing starved and thirsted and been in agony for weeks that could have been prevented. But he wasn't worth it to them. ********************Since my last review my father has been here several times. I still like the fact that it is fast to get in through the ER, but I do have a few concerns that I want to make known. Though I will say, some of it may just be endemic in what is an increasingly money oriented rather than care oriented medical system.In February 2013 my father needed to go again for symptioms of fluid accumulation assicated with Congestive Heart Failure. he is diabetic and we brought a list of his medications with him. However, they once again ignored his diabetes and served him a general diet repleat with cookies and pudding. Despite my telling them every day, it persisted and when they discharged him to rehab, they failed to even mention his diabetes. He was rushed back to the hospital after only being out of rehab for a week. He stopped breathing and sugar plummeted to 30. He was admitted and ventalated, in a light coma state for three days. Let me state that the nurses in ICU: Grace, LaTonia, Pat were great. They were attentive and knowledgable and caring. The medical team got him back and slowly he began to improve. He had fluid in the area outside his lung and they had to drain nearly 5 liters of fluid! It became obvious as we looked back that this problem existed even in his prior admission, but went unadressed on the general care floor he had been on. During rehab he constantly complained of shortness of breath. Who would be able to catch their breath with 5 liters of fluid pressing on their lungs!!!!! The ICU addressed everythign comprehensiely. They were worried about aspiration into his lungs due to swollowing problems and put him on a puree diet, no straws, thickened liquids only and eat upright with chin down. He was moved to intermediate and then the general care floor.When I arrived yesterday it was dinner. The aide was feeing him from an unthickend can of nitrition drink through a straw in a near prone position. When I directed her to the giant yellow sign on the wall with the eating rules on it she said he was doing fine. I told her she was not the one to make that decision and she needed to follow the orders of the therapist as approved by the doctor. She gave me push back and I told her to raise him up and that I would finish feeding him. The day before that there was a can of ensure on his try. I asked for the dietician to come in and told her that every time he is here nobody seems to understand this man is a diabetic and that his condition is severe. She said they just give insulin when needed. I guess they dion't feel like huge swings in his sugar is detrimental to his wellbeing. I do. She agreed to remove the ensure and to talk to the doctor. But the issue persists with me addressing it on a daily basis with no relief. All the otehr care he is getting is great...but not the eating and diabetic part of it.  Because of that, two stars wre removed.
4	I first checked out St. Rose San Martin with my wife because our ob suggested trying this hospital, since we did not really like summerlin and saw it as our only option.When we arrived we sought help from the information desk and there was a young gentlemen who lacked personalty and knowledge. For instance instead of the gentlemen seeing that we looked lost and asking us if we needed help. We had to approach him and ask where delivery was. He did not know we seen a RN walking by and asked her she quickly explained that labor and delivery was on the second floor.We went up to the second floor and where given a tour of the labor room. The labor room was quite big and they even offered a small chair that turns in to a bed for dad to spend the night in. We were informed at this time that the baby will not be leaving the room during our stay there unless there is a complication. This really excited my wife and I.The staff was overall very professional and i was excited to be picking this hospital as the one we would be delivering at.
3	My last review was written on a day that I went to St. Rose. However that specific day was not the day I did the tour that day i was actually at St. Rose because our obgyn advised to go to the hospital due to dehydration. At this visit I had very bad experience which caused me to look for patients advocate. I went to the information desk and had a difficult time getting to understand who i was looking to speak with finally one of the volunteers called the house supervisor. The house supervisor came down and fixed the "incident" i had. I did not want to write my review based solely on that experience so i held of on writing this review.On 5/14/2013 my wife and I came to the hospital as she was scheduled to be induced. We were quickly greeted on the second floor and promptly escorted to a clean and sterile room. As we setup our nurse for the day came in her name was Darlene and the CNA's name was Douglas. Now at first I was a bit on the fence about having a male CNA. Lets be honest as a man i don't want ANY other man touching my wife unless he's some type of doctor and someone that I'm completely comfortable with to just throw someone I've never met in the loop and say hey this dude is going to be sticking his fingers in your wife just watch makes me very uneasy. I decided to see how things went and if i didn't feel comfortable i would be saying something but let me say that Douglas has to be the most professional and well mannered CNA that I've met. He always remained professional and his attitude never changed through out the day. Darlene was also great she went above and beyond to make sure my wife and myself where beyond comfortable she defiantly deserved and applause with her and Douglas i think I'd call them the dynamic duo :)!!!The one thing that did occur in the middle of our stay was that engineering came to the room and swapped out the whiteboards. They put up new and better looking whiteboards however he didn't clean up after himself he left the old whiteboards on the floor of the room and they stayed there through our entire stay I guess no one cared that 1 it was an eye sore and 2 it was in the way. I found it interesting how engineering has time to swap whiteboards but there's no time to fix the broken number 2 in the second elevator. I also asked 3 times for engineering to come to the room to check the hot water and a leak in the shower head well i think I'm going to check out and i don't think these issues will get addressed.The induction lasted longer then when expected so it ran late at 7 we had a shift change and a new nurse her name was angella. As soon as Douglas introduced us i felt a little put off as she seemed a little perturbed and very phlegmatic. I tried not to be put off by this and i figured like Douglas i would give this nurse a try. When labor started to occurred the doctor and everyone was great. I however did catch myself looking over at the nurse several times and instead of being focused on the labor i caught her watching TV several times I figured I just looked at her when she wasn't truly looking. I then wanted to step outside for a moment since the baby was out I asked Angella if I would get a bracelet to identify me as the dad she said yes but they would not be printed till tomorrow morning i thought this was odd but i didn't make a point about it, We then wanted to try and breast feed the baby at this hospital there is a lot of breast feeding information so i thought we would get great assistance WRONG we asked angella for assistance and she seemed so frustrated by us that she told us that if we really wanted to feed him and she couldn't breast feed on her own we could give him a bottle. I then asked about engineering possibly coming to check our bathroom because there was a leak in the shower and the water was not SO hot. Her answer well shes not going to taker a shower now so they will not come and they might come in the morning I guess I'm chopped liver and don't need to take a shower. At this point I was fed up and asked to speak with the charge nurse and I expressed my frustrations thankfully Rose the head nurse was happy to take over for the rest of the night.I will finish my review at check out hope the rest runs smoothly from here on out.
4	My overall experience here was descent. I'd want to say good but I don't feel that all my issues where addressed in a timely manner. The Staff here can be great and has awesome potential, I believe  it can become one of the best hospitals in the Las Vegas Valley. Just like any business there are always those bad seeds though that tend to make us think horrible about a place. In my experience I happened to encounter one of those. My wife begged me to not write such a review and to not look for upper management to rectify the issue, however I believe these issues need to have some light shed on them and need to be addressed because nurses doctors cna's etc.. all have peoples lives in their hands. There not playing with nickels and dimes there playing with our lives my child's life my wife's life this is not Milton Bradley's Operation. This is REAL LIFE!!! The Hospital itself is clean and has some awesome staff, sometimes you do have to stay on top of the staff to see a resolution but you get one!!! Your voice and opinion seems to actually matter and it should be that way this is not a county hospital. I'm not in LA at "killer king". Food: Overall we choose to stay away from the hospital food i did try everything though just to say i did and it was regular hospital food. Rather flavorless and mundane. Out of all 3 campuses its my opinion that De Lima has the hospital food with the most flavor if that is possible.Parking: There is a giant Lot in the front of the hospital, however if you happen to stay overnight the Main Entrance Closes at 9pm and you have to exit and enter through emergency. Now for the person who didn't know this like myself you will find one issue once you exit through emergency YOUR car is on the complete opposite side of where you are so you have 2 options walk all the way around the entire parking lot which takes a good 15 minutes or take a "hidden trail".HAHA HA !! i got you excited hidden trail where is it can i go whats it like is it forestie will i need a poncho YES and NO. ok so if you casually walk over to the garden they have to the right of emergency there is a waterfall where the path ends and this is where it GETS ZELDAISH!! You will need to turn on your batman night vision with out anyone knowing because you must be careful and follow the foot prints up the forestry jungle that resembles a garden of Eden and walla your on the other side!!! you probably still cant see your car but you can see the handicapp parking for the rehabilitation center they have and once you pass that VICTORY IS YOURS!!!!!
5	I came to see Dr. Gregory Gex at the offices on the other side of the hospital when I was pregnant and so of course I registered here despite living in Henderson and having Siena down the street. I do not regret this decision at all! I had a had planned to get induced but my water broke a few hours before the appt, I went in the were all friendly and I checked into my room. This room is big! Spacious CLEAN, and unlike other hospital u don't move around after baby is born that's your room for the time your there. It's nice that they are never over crowded the maternity wing had only 8 people, nice quiet hallways. Only one nurse that my husband disliked but she left shortly after I was accommodated and the rest of my nurses were wonderful helpful and worried about my diet making sure I was happy and fed as well as baby :) I'm not I a hospital person so I rushed outta there ASAP but honestly couldn't have asked for more. Plus who can say they got to see transformers on a flat screen while giving birth .. Not many but this girl can :)
5	I came to St. Rose San Martin Campus to have my first child. My experience was amazing. I was a bit nervous since I had never had a baby before but everyone was so friendly and caring that it put me at ease. The RN who assisted me during my delivery, Doug, explained everything he was going to do, why he was doing it and what I should expect to feel every step of the way. Dr. Angela Ciklin preformed the delivery. She was so supportive and encouraging the entire time. I really felt cared for and pampered here. I could go on about the attentiveness of all the staff but let's just say everyone was very friendly and genuinely cared about my well being.
1	If you are giving birth DO NOT GO HERE! Crappy service, Crappy food and double the pay! I delivered my second child two weeks ago and felt tortured. I had my first delivery two years ago at St. Rose Sienna and had a good experience so I thought that since they are both named St. Rose, they would have the same quality care. As soon as I got wheel chaired in, since I was already in active labor, the nurse had to poke me 3 times and kept popping my vain which resulted in a huge bruise on both arms. Right there and then I knew I made the wrong decision. So everything else went smooth and my awesome OB came who barely got any help from the nurse. She even had to clean up and was doing their job after the delivery. 8 hours later I'm still sitting in a pool of blood because the nurse said that two other person came in to give birth. And when she finally came I was breastfeeding my daughter so I asked her if she can come back and she replied, "Its either she cleans me up now or she will have to help someone else and won't be back for who knows how many more hours. I told her its ok to help someone else. Then that morning, I was STARVING for food and I remember that St. Rose Sienna always had great food, so I was anticipating to place an order, which they do at Sienna. Instead a man comes in the room drops of two trays and leaves. It was definitely not enough and my husband had to go downstairs to the cafeteria and spend $20 to get more food. So someone came in and I complained about the breakfast. They finally gave me a sheet to order from which I was familiar with from Sienna. I ordered my lunch and dinner. Lunch came and it was ok, and then dinner came and it wasn't what we ordered. So I called the nurse to let them know and the same guy that dropped of the breakfast came in our room with an attitude saying that what we ordered was for the following day???  And that if we wanted what we actually ordered it's going to take hours. Then how come our lunch came out ok. And we placed it the same time? Anyways, I ended up breaking down and crying because I felt like they were so rude. Good thing there was an employee, who actually work in a different department (social secutrity/admin) who went out of her way and went straight to the kitchen to get our food.  After that incident I wanted to run home and get out of there! I made sure I left 24 hours after my delivery and not anytime longer. I ended up leaving the hospital at 9PM because I didn't want to stay overnight. Now that I'm home I just got a bill from San Martin twice as much as I had to pay at Sienna. Keep in mind I stayed at Sienna for almost 4 days and they served us steak and prawns our fist night as new parents and at San Martin I only stayed for 1  1/2 days. On top of that I got another bill stating that their workers are not employees of the hospital?? They are contracted and that there is a separate bill for their care also. UNBELIEVABLE!! I don't usually do reviews but I thought that it would help other expecting mothers to make the right decision. Giving birth is such an experience that its so important to get special care. I wouldn't want anyone else to go through what I went through. San Martin SUCK!
1	I had to see a doctor after learning I had a parasite yes a worm. Before you judge me you may have them too and not even know it. Anyway I couldn't stop thinking about it, so I went to the hospital since it was close to midnight and everything else was closed of course. The front desk clerk took a copy of my ID and insurance card, the nurse took my blood pressure right afterward, it then took over 30 min for the front desk to ask for 100 cash down for my visit, waited an additional 30 for Dr Sensenig to see me, just so he could tell me I had a hook worm, thank you but already knew that. Then it took over 30 min for him to figure out what he should prescribe me. Turned out he prescribed me Mebadazole that was discontinued in the US back in 2011, he bills my insurance and I of course still have to pay the co pay for what I ask? Avoid this place.
5	Heart bypass -  I had to have a heart bypass last Tuesday.  I can't speak enough of the hospital. They not only saved my life but the care the staff at this hospital gave was beyond any and all could be given.  From the staff that would clean my room to the charge nurses that visited everyday with wow just could not ask for more caring and professional group of people.  The hospital is on top of having the latest and greatest machines.  I had to stay a week here and it felt like I was being cared for by family. Those nurses in icu and imc need to be recognized for what they do.  I know in all my 46 years I have never been treated so well within the medical field.  I very much appreciate each and everyone of them.  I would not even have to think twice about going back here.  My hospital of choice from now on.
5	I'm gonna keep it short and sweet. Very clean, great rooms to deliver in, 99% of staff are amazing (not saying anyone was horrible just not as good as all) very happy to have chose this hospital to have our baby. Thank you to all of the staff!
1	The worst ER ever! Rude and nasty staff. I'm left sitting for 5 hours with a dislocated shoulder! No pain meds NOTHING! Do not come here
1	My husband was in the hospital for blood clots in both of his legs and lungs. The Dr was extremely rude. My husband had told them he was in pain the Dr said "that is not my problem, that is you problem. Im here just to make sure you follow-up with your primary." When we asked questions she said Google it and ask your primary at your follow-up appointment.
1	I was admitted to St. Rose-San Martin on September 14, 2012. I was treated with nothing but indifference the entire time I was admitted. My assigned hospitalist was Stephanie Hansen. She was nothing short of unprofessional the entire 19 days I was unfortunate enough to be hospitalized at San Martin. She often had food or worse spilled down the front of her white jacket. I know this because she rarely, if ever, yielded to the neutropenic precautions that had been put in place at my room and usually entered my room with no gown, mask, and gloves.Dr. Wu, my assigned oncologist, was unable to diagnose me with anything despite subjecting me to a bone marrow biopsy, a laparoscopic surgical biopsy, and a CT guided needle biopsy. Dr. Wu asked several rheumatology related questions during the course of his "treatment" and promised to have a consulting rheumatologist visit me. He did not provide the rheumatologist until my husband and mother insisted that he had gone down that road and it needed to be followed through. Although he only provided the rheumatologist under duress, I was treated to a lecture each and every day from Dr.Wu about how attorneys and their lawsuits make his job nearly impossible. He also was the first person who recommended that I be medi-flighted to a tertiary care facility because he did not feel I would be diagnosed there. This was when I realized I needed to leave ASAP.Dr. Rayles performed the laparoscopic surgery to biopsy an enlarged lymph node. Not only did he fail to remove any lymph tissue during the biopsy, he told me prior to the surgery that "you and your family need to get your shit together." Yes, he had the professionalism to use the word "shit" with a cognizant well-educated patient. This because he thought there was a disagreement between myself and my husband about proceeding with the surgery. Dr. Marquardt was one of the only bright spots during my stay at St. Rose. She actually took the time to discuss my symptoms with me and was well on her way to a diagnosis she I ended up being medi-flighted to UCLA.. She kept in contact with my husband during my continued hospitalization at UCLA. Another bright spot was a nurse Lindsey. She actually made me feel that she was concerned about me and whether I lived. She prayed with me prior to procedures and was very caring.My overall impression of St. Rose-San Martin is that they can probably handle a broken bone, an obvious pregnancy, or a minor diagnosis. However, if they don't know what's wrong fairly early, my advice is to get out and find someone who can figure it out.
5	I seriously can't say enough about this hospital/campus. From my pre-op appt to the actual day of my surgery, I experienced the most fabulous staff and all of them looked genuinely happy to serve there. Although the surgery before mine went 2 hours longer than planned, the staff kept me comfortable and had the best bedside manner I've ever seen. When I finally made it back to surgery, they were gentle and totally eased any fear I had. Again, I can't recommend them enough. I will easily say that this staff renewed my belief that some people are truly born to be in the medical field. I signed up for yelp just to leave this review and I'm only post-surgery recovery day one. Thank you, San Martin campus for making my very first surgery experience a breeze!!!
5	I just delivered my second baby here, my first was at Sienna. This experience was just as good. I had an excellent nurse who even checked on me during her next shift, even though she had other patients. All nurses and doctors on staff were so friendly and professional. Beautiful huge room. I am so glad I delivered here.
5	The squeaky neat clean hospital ever!My wife got admitted here at the ER on Thursday, and they diagnosed her accurately compare to the previous place we went to the night before (will be remained unnamed).It's Saturday and the surgeon quickly gave us an overview if the plan.There are pros and cons.The pros were that 98% of the staff we met that helped us were top notched and on top of their game!The cons of the other 2% that remains?They'll always be there regardless what business you go to.Overall experience were great!We don't plan to get sick, but if you do...you choose to come here because is a lot less chaotic compare to other hospitals..
1	I am a business owner and a martial arts student.  I rarely have medical issues, however, unknown at the time, I had a torn hip flexer muscle.  The night I went into the hospital, I had severe pain in my upper left thigh like my leg was on fire.  I was concerned about a blood clot or something.  I had my sister take me to the San Martin hospital where I had seen my father had good care.  My visit was post Obama Care and my fathers was pre-Obama Care.  I have a high deductible as a result of Obama Care so I could keep my insurance.  Upon being seen, I was told not to provide any financial or insurance information.  I was put in a reclining chair and asked if I did any drugs, needle drugs, illegal drugs and so on.  I answered the questions without being offended.  Another nurse came over and asked the same questions. I answered the same way, I have never done drugs.  I was asked If I had multiple partners.  I am married.  A third nurse came over and asked me the same questions about drugs.  Now I am offended and I said hell no!  I received a shot of morphine for the pain at this point, I am taken for an X-ray.  After the X-ray, the Dr. comes in, asks me if I have taken any pills or drugs in the last 48 hours, I stated only the morphine the hospital gave me and he said" I have looked at your X-ray and nothing is broken.  "I do not know what is causing the pain.  You will have to have an MRI to determine if this is a blood clot or another sort of injury. "  He left and so did I with the same problem I came in with.  No one there cared what type of treatment I received.  I received a bill for $2,462 for the services I received.  To go into the ER is over $1000.  I have no problem paying for services I received, however, this was crazy.  I called the billing dept.  No discounts will ever be made at any time for any person.  I was told that due the ER being staffed 24/7 these charges will be in place and it is my issue for not having adequate insurance that suits my needs vs. the health care facilities. I received services and it is my problem that I was not satisfied with the services I received.  I not only have this bill, I had to go to another DR. to a diagnosis, and treatment.  The second Dr.  $654.00 and I was not treated like a piece of human garbage that came in off the street.  DO NOT USE THEIR FACILITIES UNLESS YOU ARE PREPARED TO BE 8X THE ACTUAL COST! YOU MAY NOT RECEIVE ANY CARE THAT YOU MAY BE IN NEED OF.
5	I can't say enough good things about the labor and delivery and nicu at St Rose - San Martin. My wife was 36 weeks pregnant and having back pain and some contractions on and off. We weren't feeling the baby as much as usual so we went in. The triage nurse hooked us up and started monitoring. We were still not getting much movement so they ordered for an iv to maybe wake him up. After a few minutes they came back in with full staff letting us know they needed to get our son out. He would have a much better chance outside then in. Within 10 minutes she was on the table and I was in the OR with her. A minute later my son was born. They rushed him to the nicu where staff there gave him a blood transfusion and intubated him. A week later, he's doing much better now. As for the staff, they were all such wonderful people. From triage, to Dr Chambers who delivered him, to the anesthesiologist and everyone who took care of my wife and son. I'm so beyond thankful we went to this hospital. It may be a bit smaller, but because of that, I felt we had so much more attention. Everyone was very concerned for my wife and child. Even when nurses were off the clock, they'd still be checking in with the nurses in nicu on how our son was doing. So once again, THANK YOU to everyone at San Martin.  If you're looking for a place to deliver your baby, definitely take a tour of this great facility. I don't know what we would've done without these great people. My review doesn't do this place justice.
5	May 14th My husband and I showed up to the hospital being 36 weeks pregnant with back pain and contractions. I was not able to count my contractions so I didn't think I was actually in labor. The nurse Nancy greeted us, she got us hooked to all the machines to start tracking my contractions and my son Lennon. She said we definitely were in labor. She started me up on an IV to see if that would stop my contractions. Within 20 minutes she came in saying that they were going to rush us in for an emergency c section because our son was unresponsive. He had a strong heartbeat but wasn't responding which they should with having an IV.  The hospitals laborist Dr. Chambers delivered our son within minutes. Our son was severely anemic due to losing a lot of blood inside of me. The NICU nurse Marie rushed him into the NICU and Dr. Z had started working on him. They did a blood transfusion 1 of 3 during his two week stay there. He was hooked up to many machines and they were watching him very intensely. Thankfully two weeks later he was able to come home with us. The nursing staff in labor and delivery/NICU were just beyond wonderful. They treated us like family not like patients. They cried with us and walked us through everything that was going on with myself and Lennon.  -Nancy not only made the decision to save my life but my sons and I will forever be grateful to her. She is a true angel.-Germaine, Holly, Cheilo and Marie in the NICU were also god sent. They watched over my son and made me feel at ease when it was time for me to go home and rest. Germaine got into an MRI machine with my son and held him because he wouldn't stop crying from the noise of the machine. Holly would call in on her days off just to check in and make sure Lennon was doing good that day. Cheilo got many late night calls from me checking on him and she always made me feel at ease that he was in good hands. We cannot say enough wonderful things about these group of angels at St Rose San Martin. We definitely recommend anyone getting ready to deliver to go here. You will not be disappointed. Don't know where we'd be without them.
5	After spending a significant amount of time trying to decide where to deliver, I felt compelled to write a review for San Martin. We showed up for our induction, and even without any orders for my doctor, they were so super helpful. We induced around 9pm and my water broke around midnight. At that point, the nurses were very on top of ensuring my baby was okay. They constantly monitored me and were in and out of the room frequently to check on me. When we asked for pain medicine, it was promptly given. When we asked for the epidural, they were in the room within two minutes. The nurse held me as I writhed in pain from contractions and the anesthesiologist inserted the epidural. When that nurse left, she told us not to leave the hospital before she was able to meet our little one (she promptly came back in on her shift two days later to meet our baby before we left!). Once I was at 10cm, the nurse didn't leave my side. She did a wonderful job all throughout labor, and helped conserve my dignity when there were so many others in the room. Kortney was our nurse following delivery, and she was PHENOMENONAL!  She truly cared about us and our baby and didn't bat an eye when my husband kept requesting different things! She tried to rush our doctor because we wanted to leave, and she even stayed after her shift to help us out the door. I couldn't recommend San Martin any stronger. They were amazing and we will definitely deliver any future babies here!!!
4	While at St. Rose hospital on warmsprings you can see the difference in the staff and care of each patient compared to other hospitals in town. Even though the wait time is about the same, the individual care is what makes this hospital different. For example Lily in the ultrasound department was very professional and made the whole thing bearable and nurses were great too even though it was busy. I would recommend this hospital to anyone looking to visit the ER.
5	I delivered my 2 yr old and my 7 wk old here! Both great experiences. Nurses were awesome, the care was great and so was the food! lol.  I had to take a trip to the ER due to chest pain right after getting discharged from giving birth to my 2nd baby. I was attended quickly and nothing was found, pain had gone away. just recently i had to go back for the same chest pain. Told me I had Gallstones and I should look into having my Gallbladder removed. Again, everyone was nice and carrying. All my testing was done fast and am glad to know what was wrong with me!!
1	This has got to be the worse place to come for ER treatment nurse keep singing the same song at the desk in front of me while I'm sit in a damn chair feeling like I'm going to pass out. I could have stayed at home at fixed my own self and have two insurances to cover my bill. Ridiculous !!!!!
5	My experiences at SIGH have been nothing but wonderful and I have been going since 1993. My doctor along with my own commitment is literally responsible for saving my life. Thanks you Doc R.S. You and the staff on the ward are the best.
5	Great Hospital! However, I definitely have mixed feelings on the St Rose - Siena Campus. A few months ago my son had to rush me to the ER due to severe abdominal pain. The ER was terrible, I could barely walk in and I asked them to please help me. They told me that I must first fill out the forms, basically take a number and wait my turn. I was in severe pain, dizzy, and sweating profusely. I was clearly unable to function. I had decided to just fall on the floor and hope that they would help me. But, just at that moment, another waiting patient observed the pain that I was in and offered to help me with the forms - God bless you sir where ever you are!After the longest 15 minutes of my life, they finally called my name. I recall that I kept repeating that I had good insurance. The Triage nurse ordered a wheelchair and I was soon given an injection of morphine (which was an enormous help). They then proceded to run tests which included a CAT scan. I waited for about 30 to 45 minutes until the ER doctor came in the room. He started off my saying that in his opinion there was absolutely nothing wrong with me.  I then asked him if he had bothered to examine the scans. He didn't say that he did or didn't examine the scans. But he did say that he would go and take a look at them. About 15 minutes later he came back in the room and said that my upper intestinal track was blocked on my right side. I informed him that was where I had abdominal surgery about 10 years ago. He responded with "well that's what I needed to know". Seriously?Then I very kind nurse whose name was Carol then told me that I was being admitted to the hospital. She said that there were no rooms available and that I could either have a bed in the hallway or I could be transported to the St Martin Campus. I then looked down the hallway to see a row of beds occupied by patients lining the hallways. This was very disturbing so I gratefully accepted Carol's offer and waited for my ride. As the ambulance drivers wheeled me down the hallway, the patients in their beds were giving me words of encouragenment and good wishes as we rolled past their beds. Wow, what incredibly nice people!!!The ambulance drivers were friendly and funny. The private room at the St Martin campus greatly exceeded my expectations. The care that I received at the St Martin campus was truly excellent in every way. Each and every doctor, nurse and technician that I encountered was top rate. They were able to successfuly "unclog my drain" and I went home the next evening. Thank you so very much St Martin!..  And to be fair, thank you too St Rose - Siena too, but you really need to work on some areas.
2	Each time i write a review for the hospital i feel as if things get better only to get worse. In my previous review i wrote one thing that i didn't think i would get to touch base on again, but guess what coincidences happened and it just so happened to be a coincidence that i was in the same room that we gave birth to our first child in. I thought it was a good thing at first to be able to make memories in the same room with our new child until i remembered what i had written after being in the room for roughly 20 minutes and i quote"engineering to come to the room to check the hot water and a leak in the shower head well i think I'm going to check out and i don't think these issues will get addressed." Well the hot water issue in room 270 in labor in delivery has not gotten addressed and its been over a year it has been such a common thing that when i brought it to our new nurses attention Laurel she simply stated that they were aware that the hot water didn't get hot in that room fast enough and that there work around was to use the hot water in the sink in the room itself and not the sink in the bathroom perhaps these nurses have forgotten what it was like to be giving birth but being embarrassed by having to have a door open while your husband tries to get you a hot washcloth for you to wash off is not the ideal solution and the fact that it has not been addressed in over a year is just baffling and not only does the hot water take a long time the water also backs up when you're trying to take a shower. SO PRAY THAT YOU DON'T GET ROOM 270 My encounter with the nurses this time was a bit more pleasant although we did have moments of mis-communication the main nurse that we dealt with tried to make things right as much as possible but sometimes she did fail. Laurel was the name of our main nurse and overall she was ok except for the fact that I felt like she lacked a bit of empathy. Allow me to elaborate my wife and I arrived to the hospital around 8:00 am it was a Saturday and the hospital seemed a bit empty there was boxes that were littering the main entrance and they had not been covered by anything later in the day they were covered with sheets although they were a real big eye sore. When we arrived Laurel greeted us and took us to our room which seemed very familiar to me we had some small talk and she checked my wife she put in some bill to soften up the walls they said and then we waited my wife started having really bad contractions and so the nurse was called my wife was on the edge about getting or wanting an epidural she wanted to try natural birth so the nurse gave my wife some medication that ended up knocking her out and when she came to she was in extreme pain the anesthesiologist was called to do the epidural my wife was screaming from so much pain and Laurel came in said the anesthesiologist is here so we need you to sit up she did so but all of a sudden here screams became louder and seemed more painful it was to the point where we didn't know what or who was hurting her the anesthesiologist asked if it was him all of a sudden between the screams my wife blurred out i can feel his head i think I'm having the baby the anesthesiologist had not put the epidural in yet and he himself stopped and said I have not done anything if you would like we can check her well laurel being the helpful nurse she is decides that no its more important for him to get the epidural in, instead if asking my wife she just tells the anesthesiologist to proceed he continues and my wife continues to scream  the anesthesiologist finally gets the needle in and my wife sits back well guess what the child is crowning and he was coming out just like my wife had said If laurel would have taken the time to let my wife make the decision instead of her then my wife would've never had to get the epidural since the baby was already crowning at this point the anesthesiologist is nervous and starts to hit my wife with what i though was called boost but i believe i was later corrected to it being called a bolus dose this in turn made it hard for my wife to push because she all of a sudden became numb from the waist down and then it started to work its way up to her shoulders but the time the baby was out my wife was fully drugged up and could barely hold our baby I feel like these drugs where administered incorrectly because instead of it helping the the birth she literally just sat up barely holding onto consciousness.
1	A hundred dollar co-pay for mediocre medical care and a 6 hour wait in the ER for stitches?! Yeah, no. The quality of care here is subpar and they DEMAND payment before they will let you leave, even if you have no ability to pay. Doctors were not informative and missed a fracture in my ankle because they didn't request x-rays. Won't be back
5	My Grandmother is currently here at St. Rose. The staff is very friendly and very attentive to her needs. Honestly I would not want her to go anywhere else in Nevada. The greatest thing is 24 hour visiting. You do need to park and go into the ER entrance if you are visiting late at night though. You sign in and take a visitor sticker and then you are all set to go in. They have an absolutely gorgeous Christmas display next to the cafeteria. It is always clean and they have plenty of hand sanitizer and mask/glove stands if you would want to use those. Parking is plentiful and there is a drop off zone for both the ER and main hospital entrance. The set up of each floor is unlike any other hospital. It is spacious and the rooms are big and private. The fact that there is no room sharing is spectacular. There is a couch with a pull out bed in the room and a huge window that expands ceiling to floor. Private bathrooms in the room and a flat screen tv.
5	Great Hospital. The staff is always very kind and considerate there. A relative of mine was taken there by ambulance and treated immediately. I came to the ER later and filled out the paperwork and insurance information. You must have healthcare coverage there, check with your provider as to what hospitals in the area your covered by. If you are not covered at the San Martin Campus, they promise to treat each person with dignity, and transport you to another hospital where you have coverage. This information is posted in their ER lobby.
