5	All I have to say is wow.  And this is my story...I had bought Le Mans brand tires from a Firestone store in Texas (I now live in Arizona).  When I needed a flat repaired caused by a nail, I called the local Firestone store.  I asked how much it would be since I had bought the tires from them and their reply was, "$25.86, unless you can give us the phone number that you had 5 years ago in Texas, that is the only way we can make it free."  I then questioned him, "Isn't Le Mans a Firestone exclusive tire?"  He replied, "Yes it is."  Now at this point I was just perplexed and all sorts of red flags were going off in my head.  I then let them know that it is ridiculous that Firestone is the only store that I could have bought the tires from and they won't fix the flat for free!  Needless to say, they also wanted $125 to read the fault codes off of my truck when your local auto parts store will do it for free!  After all of this drama, and the stress of trying to figure out why they had such a horrible policy, I called Discount Tire, because I would rather pay $25 to them than help keep Firestone in business.  They surprised me by saying, "We will fix it for free."  I was completely shocked, and immediately gave them my tire, came back in an hour and they took it out to my truck and loaded it for me!  Thanks Discount Tire!  And I also had my wife's tires changed and they gave me a lower price since the tire I wanted was out and the next tire up from that would have cost $15/per tire extra!  Talk about 5 star customer service!
4	I was actually very impressed.  I had gone to discount tire in Tempe about 3 years ago and had remembered having to wait a while.  WOW, that has changed.I book my appointment online for a Monday at 4:30.  I arrived on time and there seemed to be quite a few people.  I spoke to the rep and provided my name and that I had made an appointment.  I asked him how long he thought it would be and he said" because you made a n appointment no longer than 35 minutes."  I actually had me out of there in 30 minutes.  THey also had all the information saved from my previous visit 3 years ago.  It was nice that they knew the tires I had purchased before and how they held up.  Turns out they had one set left on a pair made for a Honda, he gave me a discount and the tire protector for free.  I had told him I really didn't want to spend over $500 and he made it all happen!!!!  I had looked at Costco and Sears, doing my research Discount tires does have the best prices and quality for the buck in the valley.I am a sucker for good service, and for a tire retailer I have to say some if the best service I have had.  i would recommend Discount tire to anyone
5	Really an outstanding experience. Kelly the manager was very thorough friendly and made my tire purchase a great experience. Even though they were working in a make shift conditions due to their reconstruction I was in and out of there in under an hour. Service was professional and I would go back to them anytime and recommend them to anyone who needs a tire repair again outstanding customer service.
5	What a great bunch of guys working here!Everyone was very helpful, took care of me right away and explained everything very well. I have been to this location a handful of times, and every time I leave happy. Not just because my busted tires have been fixed, but I didn't feel like I was taken advantage of and I didn't have to wait a million years for them to work on my car. Usually no more than 30-40 minutes. They usually close around 6 but they are so good about making sure to take care of anyone that walks in the door. I have never seen them turn someone away because they are closing. The great thing about Discount Tire is they keep excelent records, I dont have to try to locate my paperwork in the heep of a glove box in my car to get the info. They just need your phone number and bam, full history.The waiting room is nice. Several chairs, good a/c, a bathroom, and complimentary water bottles. High five guys! Thanks for always taking care of me!
5	Quick, friendly, awesome.
4	Great customer service. Wasn't very crowded at 9am on Saturday. I'm a fan of BOTH of these things!! I was seriously in and then outta d'er in like 20-25 minutes for tire rotation, air and stuff.When the dude behind the counter suggested that the waiting clients were too quiet, I informed him that we were formulating an evil plot and possible hostile takeover...so, either they are very good-natured, or I don't look nearly as threatening as I was lead to believe by my little cousins, because no one did anything except chuckle.
5	These guys totally made my day! I had a flat tire that they fixed for free. I waited less than 30 minutes (I thought it would be longer since there were 7 other people there) and I didn't need to make a reservation. Sure, they tried to talking me in to buying new tires; but since I knew I didn't need them, I just told them I would think about it.
5	Discount Tire is the ONLY place I will EVER get tires!!  I only wish I could give more stars.   Fast and friendly service.  Very knowledgeable staff that goes above and beyond to ensure customer satisfaction.  No pressure to buy more than you can afford.  They helped me stay within budget and when I got a flat, it was replaced for free.  That replacement coverage is priceless.
5	My husband and I have always bought our tires here.  We always get the warranty because crazy stuff just happens to us.  But now I really love discount tire because this morning my tire blew at 5 am.  By the time the tow truck got the car to discount tire it was 7:15 - 7:30.  Even though they don't open until 8, the guys let me in to warm up (it was cold!) and took down my information.  Then they told me where I could get coffee and let me chill in their waiting area to stay warm (cause the Sonic doesn't have indoor seating) until my car was ready.  I didn't have to ask for any of that, they just did it, and that's why I'm a fan!!
5	I have gone to this location a couple of times for tires and also stopped by when I thought I had a nail in my tire and have always received excellent service.  When I stopped because of the nail in my tire, they advised me that it was actually a screw that hadn't damaged my tire.  They could have easily charged me for a new tire, but instead they were honest and had me on my way quickly.  My favorite perk to this place is that they have a station set up for you to pull up, have an employee check the air in your tires and fill them if needed and you are on your way.  :)
5	i have never had a tire change before and i know nothing of them. I got all four tires changed on my Jeep Charokee and i paid about 420 and according to my mom that is a reasonable price. I'm giving them five stars because of the customer service! they were so nice and even though i had no clue of what tires i was getting they explained it to me. If you're a teenager, or anyone,  and have no clue how to or when to check your tires just stop by here whenever.. they'll tell you the condition of the tires and whether you need to change one or all of them.
5	I came into Discount Tire to have them fix a leak in one of my tires.  I was having a license plate issue and they fixed that too! The staff was friendly and the work was done in a timely matter, they have definitely earned my return business!
5	Awesome ! I did not expect to have such a pleasant experience at a tire place. They were helpful anf quick. Every one was smiling and said hello. Great service. And they match any price.
5	I had such a friendly, helpful supportive experience today!They lent me a tire when I was in a pinch.
5	These guys are rock stars! They have the perfect balance of personality and professionalism. Adam met me on my way in and made the experience flow smoothly. Larry finished it off great, I love discount tire!
5	Best deal on a full set of tires, and some of the most professional and quality service in the valley. Came highly recommended from a friend, glad we listened!
5	I was very impressed with the level of service at this location.  I was in a hurry and had a very low tire.  They fixed my tire in record time and I was on my way.  I definately recommend them.
5	Fast service and complimentary water bottles. I brought my car in to have the tires rotated. Discount Tire rotates and balances my tires every 6K miles free since I purchased my tires with from.  All done.  I feel loved.
5	I buy all of my tires at Discount Tire and my recent experience here just reminded me why. I noticed on Saturday morning that I had a nail stuck in the sidewall of my tire and decided that before waking up on Monday morning with a flat I'd better get it taken care of right away. Because the nail was in the sidewall, the tire had to be replaced, not repaired. However, because I always purchase the replacement certificates with my tires, it only cost me $20 for a brand new Pirelli tire. As always at Discount Tire, service was outstanding and my tire was done and car ready within 45 minutes. Discount Tire, I am a lifelong customer!
5	I first bought tires from this Dealer for my old Ford Explorer (aka The Batmobile) about 4 years ago and absolutely fell in love with this place.  They're professional, friendly and get the job done.  I grumbled a little bit about buying warranty certificates for all my tires and didn't fully appreciate that until I'd gotten a few flats, nails, and cuts.  Those tires were replaced free, well except for the cost of buying new warranties @ $20 each. On a side note, while their waiting area is kinda small, it is air conditioned and they do offer free water and clean bathrooms.  They also offer free tire gauges. I've returned, last year, to both replace and upgrade the tires on my Toyota Highlander (aka Wonder Woman).  I opted to purchase the best tires for my van, which they didn't carry in stock.  The day I went in to get the service, the manager informed me that they didn't have them and offered me an additional $30 off for waiting. I greatly appreciated them understanding  that "TIME IS THE TRUE CURRENCY OF LIFE!" I was given a lift home, while Wonder Woman waited for new tires and someone came to pick me up when she was ready. This year, one of Wonder Woman's tires got punctured.  Again, I returned for a replacement tire, since I'd bought warranties.  Again, no problems and fast service.Since this location is in "my neck of the woods," I favor this particular location.  I've written about my experiences at others, if you're interested?
5	This is my first review as a Yelper. Hope it helps! These guys here at Discount Tire are amazing. Haven't gone anywhere else because I am perfectly happy here. They rotated my tires, aired them up, and performed check-ups for free. They answer all your questions and help you figure out any problems that you may have. THEY ARE ALL FRIENDLY AND SAY HI WITH A SMILE. I seriously appreciate that, you don't get what seems like genuine people these days. The guys here are either really good actors, or they're all genuine and love helping their customers. Again, I appreciate that.I just acquired my first car, a used 2008 Honda Civic back in 2012, and I didn't really know how to take care of my tires. Not much of a car person. They educated me and gave me guidelines to follow. They let me know when I should start considering new tires when the tire tread gets to a certain point, etc. Their prices and sales for tires here are insane. They really do follow their name, I can't really find any other places that have better prices than these guys.So anyway, come here for your tire needs. These guys are the best, hands down.
5	Amazing customer service! Working in the customer service industry myself a lot of people could learn a lot from these guys.  Will buy all my sets of tires from these guys as long as I live in Phoenix!
5	Amazing experience! I came in with a nail in my tire and they not only repaired it for free they replaced my other, dangerously bald tire with a loaner because I couldn't afford to buy new ones at that time. The gentlemen who helped me were courteous, and friendly and didn't treat me like a lot of mechanics do when dealing with a woman. I drove away feeling safe and satisfied with the service I received. I'll be going back there to replace both tires. Thanks so much guys!
5	Exceptional guest service here! Prompt and attentive staff,   Wish I could give 10 stars!
5	Love this place. Not that it's fun to get tires repaired on a Saturday morning, but this is the best place to do it. The people here are very friendly. I bought tires here a year ago and have been in twice in the past few months after randomly running nails. They fix everything quickly. I think you also get free lifetime rotations if you buy tires from them.
5	Saturday morning i was on my way to Yuma az for a baby shower and i get a blow out on the i-10.  I pulled off at the very next exit, checked the tire and broke my nail trying to adjust things.  I decided to slowly drive to the nearest auto/tire place and it just happened to be this one.  I had my puppy with me, no leash and no collar and I am bleeding from my broken nail.  I walked into the shop, which had just opened and Gabriel Lizarraga immediately greeted me and helped me with my situation.  He let me bring my puppy into the lounge area to get out of the blazing heat, a gesture i will never forget.  He also gave me a tool to assist in getting my hubcaps off in case anything happened and i would need to change my tire in the future.  I have never had such outstanding service anywhere in my life.  I am a small business owner in Scottsdale and im happy to find employees with half the fortitude and assertion that Gabriel displays.  because of my experience with Gabriel and discount tire I am now a loyal dedicated customer.  i will never shop anywhere else for tire services.  Thats how its done, hiring outstanding people that make your business the cream of the crop.
5	I had been to discount tire and been serviced by them before. From their prices to their customer service I was very impressed with their business. But not until recently did I truly appreciate their consistant, honest and expert work ethic. I recently leased a 2014 vehicle from the Toyota dealership. When I discovered my tire pressure was off I went back to Toyota thinking they'd fix it and it'd be free under warrantee. Well- They said I had a bolt in my tire, not patchable, it would be $136 to replace, and take over 4 more hours to repair.  I immediately called discount tire where Jim is always waiting to save the day apparently. :) He said to drive right over. It'd take an hour but he had the tire for $88. I drove up, he greeted me, and after looking at my tire informed me that he could easily patch it- for FREE! This is not the first or last time Jim and his team will save me from a tire catastrophe, I'm sure. But thank God there are still businesses like discount tire on Thomas that you can TRUST to take care of you. Thank you guys. So much!
5	A few days ago, my 370Z hit a nail and needed to get fixed. I called Firestone, they wanted $39, then Fletcher's and they wanted $14. Reasonable, but then at the last minute, I called Discount Tire. To my surprise, they offered to fix it for free. What!?  I was floored. So, I brought it in and saw that their business was booming. A nice line for free tire pressure checks while you wait in your car they check and fill...and with a smile (so I observed). They guys filling the tires greeted me outside and we're super courteous. Then I went inside and Jason was awesome. Gave me stats about my tires and facts about their health. I waited like 45 min in a cool room with cold water bottles and I even saw a wifi router. This place is the paramount of tire repair and sales shops for customer service...seriously.
4	I've been a Discount Tire customer for years and love their service all around.This location did a great job of making sure I received the benefits of making an appointment online (because we all know sometimes making an appointment means absolutely nothing) and although all bays were full and the waiting room was bustling, I was in and out in about an hour.They also upgraded my tire selection and gave me a discounted price on those nicer tires to stay within my budget. 4 new tires later, I'm driving happy.
5	We absolutely LOVE this location. We have been loyal customers to discount for years and years, and this store specifically for about 5. Troy, the old manager, was freaking awesome. The gentleman here are friendly prompt and helpful. I feel very comfortable here, and never question their suggestions/advice. I am relatively new to writing on yelp, but wish I had started years ago, especially to rate this place! Yesterday is what prompted me to write this though. I had taken my vehicle to the dealer for an oil change, and when they rotated my tires stated I had a nail in one that was not fixable, that it had to be replaced. I told them to note it and that I would take it to discount. I had the store order the tire I specifically wanted, and made an appointment to get it replaced. Upon arrival at discount, the gentleman greeted me at the bay and asked to take a look before checking me in. Within seconds he stated it was an easy repair, that the little nail had barely brushed the surface of the tire. He pulled the nail out, did a leak check and within 5 minutes we were on our way. As a young woman, I greatly appreciate their assistance and honestly. I was more than willing to pay the $150 for the new tire, but instead they were honest with me. My tires are not quite 2 years old, and they said it was a simple fix.I greatly appreciate every gentleman Ive encountered here, and will continue to praise them and refer to others. Thank you again discount, you have a loyal customer for life!
