4	Club 910 Live hosted the 1st "Brazilian Day Arizona" event in Tempe.  The music, live performances, and all the friendly people made it a remarkable evening.  If they continue with the event at this location, they need a stage platform for the performances.  You can't see anything if you're in the back.  The foods were catered by Val's Brazilian Cuisine.  I had to try everything.  The best were the roasted chicken stew plate with rice and salad ($8.00) and coxina  ($3.00 a piece).  I had ordered a chicken empanada somehow the inside was empty.   I guess returning was not an option.  The line was extremely long.  Two items I would steer clear of are the Bobo de camaro -combination of shrimp and mashed yucca ($3) and an item shaped like a meatloaf ($3).  The admission was $15.00, not including food or drink.  Parking was completely full by 8:30PM, the event started at 8PM.  After a night of drinking and dancing, we headed to iHop to sober up!
3	the good side..they have a patio. the bad? smoking is allowed and for none smokers this is a pain.  I went to see Ferry Corsten. There is enough place to dance if that is your main objective. Other than that...the place inside it is like a dive bar. I didn't try any of their drinks or similar.
5	I love how one review of this place was deducted stars cause people were smoking outside.  Duh!  It's a bar in Tempe.  People have a tendency to smoke while drinking at a concert.  Get over it!I love this place.  I've been twice on Thursday night to see this amazing Grateful Dead cover band called Xtra Ticket.  They play there every Thursday night at 9:10pm.  What's great is before 9:10pm drinks are two for one.  Usually we stock up.  The sound is AMAZING here.  AMAZING.  The staff has always been more than nice.  Typically going out of their way to be friendly.  Drinks are cheap.  Good beer for cheap = winner!
1	I'm just writing this review on the MMA & Boxing fights they have every so often. I believe a referees that was there when he told me it's all about the money here that they don't give a damn about the kids fighting, the fighters were 18 and up so they were adults but the ref that gave me this info had been in this business for a while and didn't like what he was seeing. And he was right, guys that were there to fight MMA had to box only or go home. Then they were put against guys 30 to 40 pounds over there weight. maybe 2 out of 10 matches were matched up correctly. And the announcer didn't have info on the fighters he would look at the guy and say " he's about 5'9 or so" . Plus I had called a day ahead to find out how much to get in he said $25 and all ages, and when we get there it's $30 for standing and $35 for seating plus they separated the under 21 people so half my party was split up. This place was a joke. There speaker systems and fans kept shutting down every 15 minutes. Beers were $4 and $6 for mixed drinks.  I wouldn't recommend anybody to go see a fight here.
4	Cool venue. Both times I have been to 910 it was for an all ages show. 21 and ups have the larger side with 3 bars. The bar inside is surprisingly modern with great HD tvs throughout. Sound is pretty good for the bands and parking is ample.
4	I've been wanting to hit this place for a while and I finally went last night to see my neighbor's boyfriend's band play. I like the place. In addition to the indoor bar and stage (which opens to the really cool back patio) the patio is big with a cool, bigger second stage.  There are about three bars outstide, at least one of which is cash only which is a great idea.  I can't wait to go back when it cools off. Listening to some live tunes with a beer in the cool autumn air will be awesome. Beware of parking as the lot fills up quickly. However you can park in any open lot just a block or two away.
4	My friend's band played here on Friday and I would have never even known it was here if it wasn't for that. They have really good looking staff (men and women), good drink specials, a ton of space to mingle or dance, plenty of televisions showing all the sports events, and a stripper pole. The night I was there they had two "mystery beers." They were $3 each and if you guessed correctly what type of beer it was, the drink was free. I've heard they have a Grateful Dead cover band here on Thursday nights that I am definitely going to have to check out. The band I was there to see totally dug the venue and said it had some of the best sound they had experienced. They also have an outdoor stage for during the winter months. I'd definitely go see another live show here in the future.
4	Won tickets from KDKB to see a concert there.The venue is big with indoor/outdoor space available so one can keep moving when the trolls get too close.The staff was amazing and attentive.Some sloppy drunk ass guy proceeded to try and hit on me while his girfriend was in the bathroom.I ignored him(easy to do when there's a live band 10 feet away),girlfriend comes out of the bathroom,sees boyfriend not where she left him,but attempting to chat me up,girlfriend gives ME the stinkeye.As if I'd want her drunk ass mess of a boyfriend.NOT.She says some stupid shit to me about it,to which I laugh at her and tell her to put a leash on her dog and hose it off.I got my own personal bouncer for the rest of the evening.Kudos for running a tight ship and looking out for your patrons.On this particular night,I did have to park in the overflow parking which was a bit of a roundabout hike to the club.That was an ass pain.Would I go back?Probably not....It's out of the way (for me) and people got drunk real early in the evening which can make for an overall obnoxious night.The staff and venue were good though,so I'll give it an extra star as drunk jackasses shouldn't bring down the review,especially since they did look out for me being a solo flier that evening.
5	Can't say anything bad about this please, and believe me I've reviewed some bad places before. I love 910 LIVE. I am a local concert photographer and shot A LOT. When I'm hired for a show at this venue I jump at the opportunity. If you didn't know it was there, you'd probably miss it. But get off McClintock at 202 and headed a 1/4 mile north. It's on your left at the corner. The front is unassuming and mostly you'll end up going in the side door. This side door opens to the rear of the venue that is absolutely huge. It's essentially a concrete slab in the back with those hugh 10' tall shipping containers stacked on top of each other to make back walls. It's very cool. There is elevated seating all along one side where if you stand or sit you can see over the center floor crowd to the large stage. One of of this area has a bar that opens onto the back of the actual building. Beers are absolutely reasonable and they carry domestic and all local craft brews, too. Their whiskey is in line with many Tempe haunts (not the over expensive Scottsdale prices).I mentioned the stage because it's great. As a photographer I've been to some stages where the lights are so bad it is tough to even begin to shoot a show, but both the lighting and sound here are top notch. There is a large rigging that goes about 20' up behind and above the front of the stage so lighting is not an issue. The guy who runs sound here (may even own the place, he's white and bald) is an absolute perfectionist when it comes to his audio. It's always great.Sometimes between bands on large shows, they do floor shows. They once had this art group of women with metals plates attached to bikinis, they danced around, and had metal grinders shoot sparks off their bodies. You are definitely in for a treat at 910 Live. I mentioned the outside stage, but there's also an inside stage. The two stages back up to one another so they can open this large garage door and move equipment between the two stages quickly. While the inside stage is much smaller, the lights are still good, and it's intimate. I've seen the inside totally packed and everyone loved the show. They just danced together as a big unit and enjoyed the show.Bouncers are great and don't give me hassle when I need to move behind the rope to get side stage shots or even shots from behind the bands. They've always been accommodating and friendly, but they also run a tight ship and I've never seen anyone get unruly at this place. For the bands, they also have a "green room" which is a green trailer that sits off to the side of the stage. Inside is a bank of theatre mirrors and a prep table, comfy couches and chairs, and a private bathroom with shower. Good area and good times completely at this venue.
3	I've been 3 times - all for Brazil Day Arizona - and the venue is fine.  Nice outdoor/indoor areas, clean, reasonable prices for beer/drinks.The thing you have to worry about here is parking, and here's why.  The actual club lot is small and usually fills up fast.  Each time I've gone I've had to park off site.  The club has an arrangement with a vacant lot to the north - a fenced in lot for a building currently for sale.  It runs $5.The most recent time we went we decided to do the responsible thing and take a cab home rather than drive.  When we arrived the next day to pick up the car the lot was gated and locked.  No one answered the club phone, and neither the event organizer nor realtor had a key.  We left messages Saturday and Sunday (event was on Friday) but we didn't hear from anyone until Monday and then were told, rudely, that we had to be there between noon and one or we were out of luck.This would all be somewhat understandable if there were some kind of sign/warning about leaving your car, but there was not.  Nor any posting of a number to call if your car is locked in.  It was particularly annoying in that whoever locked that gate saw the car and knew someone would be coming for it, but obviously didn't care.  Shoddy customer service, to say the least.So if you go to enjoy a show, be warned.
1	Was in town and drove by this place last weekend and it looks to be closed???? Nobody there.
4	Saw The Ataris here the venue is pretty sweet, i love that its outside. And then after the show you can go into the strip club, but "there aint no such thing as free titties"
1	This is my first time at 910live, here to see a concert. Cool idea for an outdoor venue. Feels like my backyard. Not liking how we were duped tonight, however. I paid premium for the "VIP" ticket package, which included 2 free drinks, your ticket, front row at the show and a commemorative pass. The doors first said that they opened at 6 in the web, then updated to 7.  Here is the reality...Paid $5 to park in the nearly empty parking lot. Waited in line until 7:30. The VIP area was a raised area on the side, nowhere near the stage. After complaints, a metal barrier was erected to make a small standing area in front of the stage. The 2 free drinks ended up being "venue's choice", which were crappy premixed shots. You couldn't even get a beer, soda or water with your drink ticket. When you don't drink and you're at an outdoor Arizona venue in September, this sucks the big one. The "commemorative pass"? A cheesy sticker.As if standing the entire time or concrete wasn't painful enough, there were THREE local opening acts to sit through before the main event. It's 1030 as I write, and the last opener has yet to begin. Update: Headliner finally comes on just before 11. If I could feel my legs anymore, I might have left by now.  Are we freaking serious 910live? I will never attend a show at your venue again. Such a rip off and a big disappointment.
