5	We used Jerri for our wedding in June and I couldn't have asked for a better Event Planner.  Jerri was confident, calm and the event planner every bride-to-be should have in their corner!  I was amazed at her talent in everything from coordinating vendors to making my "bridal vision' a reality!  Jerri knew what I wanted and she fought to get it for me.  In the end, our wedding went off without a hitch and is a moment in time I'll never forget!  She even surprised us at the end with a sparker-lit exit!  She is truly a blessing to work with and the best wedding event planner out there!!  Ladies, this is the woman you want!
5	Best investment we made was in my wedding designer because the dreams and vision that I thought could only happen in my mind Jerri made real life and not just life... The wedding of my dreams! I have heard many women say what their wildest dreams are for their wedding yet only Jerri would be able to deliver exactly what each women's individual vision is. Jerri has a way of communicating your love and admiration for your new life together and create the fairytale start of it all.  Finding, interviewing, contracting and working with all of the vendors individually on my own would have been impossible! There were several major things going on in my career and personal life right at the same time we got engaged the least of which was moving all the way across the country to be with my new husband. To be very honest our wedding could not have happened if it wasn't for Jerri and her vision. It is amazing when I think about the heart connection we had immediately and how God used her to answer my prayers. We can't Thank Jerri enough for all of her hard work, we are truly honored to have worked with her! Jerri is such a blessing to so many people and most importantly to US! We love the person Jerri is too, she's is like family to us now! Jerri's vision is wrapped in love and has inspired me to want to impact someone else's life the way she has impacted ours. The wedding of my dreams followed by the husband of my dreams and I owe it to Jerri!
5	I felt having Jerri as my wedding planner was a gift from God. She far exceed my expectations and did it all from love. I always felt my request were reasonable. (even though some of them may not have been, she never alluded to anything being but she would make it happen) She had a solutions for everything. Even rain on the candles. I was able to relax more then I ever though possible because of her support. Don't even look at the rest go with God's best! Jerri Woolworth!
5	Jerri is amazing at what she does. I was getting married and I was so lost with what I wanted to do about the reception space for my wedding day. My fear was that it would be too plain. I told Jerri my colors and we discussed fabrics. I gave Jerri total control over the reception room. My first time seeing the result was when my Husband and I made our grand entrance. When I walked into that reception room, I was blown away. It exceeded my expectations and was so gorgeous. The ideas she had were out of the box and brought everything together. Jerri made my wedding day so much more memorable and special
