3	100th review! I was hoping that for this milestone, I'd be reviewing something either spectacular or horrific. Well, Coyoacan is neither. It's right at the middle. It has some great stuff going for it, but it also has some improvements to make if it's going to rise in the star ratings and most importantly, convince people from other parts of the area to make the drive to South Phoenix. Coyoacan is located on Central, at the base of South Mountain and right between Spokes (now closed) and the famed Los Dos Molinos. The exterior is a dark and not particularly welcoming color and the neon painted words on the windows announcing the happy hour specials make the restaurant appear to be less formal than it actually is inside. When you go inside, the restaurant is surprisingly beautiful - the bar is long and curved, made out of a beautiful granite, and there are Brazilian art and artifacts and flowers placed throughout the room. The grill is just past the bar, so you can catch a glimpse of the chefs preparing the food. Coyoacan definitely gets credit for creating a romantic and interesting atmosphere. The first time I went here was with my dad, who was visiting from out of town. We had a lot to catch up on, and I specifically chose Coyoacan because I had heard that it was an upscale Brazilian steakhouse, and I assumed that it would be quieter/conducive to conversation. Instead, there was a band playing the loudest, most unpleasant Brazilian music. We had to shout to hear each other. The service was also disastrous. We ordered a salad that didn't come for 30 minutes, even though we were only one of 10-15 customers.  When the salad came, it was prepared differently than we had requested. Our server seemed more interesting in chatting with her friends or relatives at this one table than taking care of us. After finishing the salad, we waited for 20 minutes with no sign of our entrees. When we asked our server, she got snappy and insisted that "Good food takes time," a principle we wholeheartedly agreed with but weren't willing to accept with how hungry we were and how much our voices hurt from yelling. We ended up asking for the food to go and taking it home (where we could eat in peace and quiet). The steak we ordered was decent although not spectactular, but the grilled veggies and corn masa sides were delicious. All in all, not a great experience.Last week, my husband and I decided to give Coyocan another chance. We went during happy hour and sat at the bar. There was no band playing (although they were setting up). The bartender was really helpful and gave us great service. We ordered the house margaritas, which were 1/2 off for happy hour. They were really good - the mix was citrusy but not too sweet, they were appropriately strong, and the flavor went really well with the chips and salsa (which were also pretty good). We did notice that the manager/owner was sitting at the bar chatting with a bunch of friends and wasn't walking around interacting with customers. For our appetizer, we selected the beef taquitos. On the plus side, the portion was huge (five huge taquitos) and they were perfectly crispy without being too oily. The beef was a little dry, though. Our entrees came out promptly this time but they were a little disappointing given the price we paid. My husband got a slow-cooked pork ($17) and I got the prawns with plaintains and peppers ($26). Even though the pork was tender, the sauce was over-seasoned and practically drowned out the meat's flavor. My dish was not great - the plaintains were under-cooked, the prawns tasted really fishy, and the sauce was bland. For $26, I could get a really stellar entree elsewhere, so needless to say, I was disappointed. The beans and rice that came with the entree were decent, though. Coyoacan is a hard place to figure out - Is it a sophisticated steakhouse or a nightclub? Is it a steakhouse (as it labels itself) or simply a restaurant that serves Brazilian food (and three steaks)? Is the service only good at the bar, or was our experience an anomaly? Is it a place that's welcoming to guests of all types or just people who know the owners or employees? I think that the restaurant owners need to sort through some of these questions and establish a more concrete identity for the establishment. They also need to improve some of their dishes, especially the ones that are so pricey. I will definitely go back for the margaritas during happy hour, pre-band hours, but I probably won't spring for the food again.
2	Came here with my parents and aunt and uncle Saturday night. My aunt and uncle had been here before and loved the food and the group that plays on the weekends. Service is so slow. Don't come here hungry. You will certainly die of starvation before the waitress even brings your salad. We got the Saturday night special which was two 3-course dinners for $40. It came with a salad, main entree (3 to choose from) and dessert (2 to choose from). After waiting about 30 minutes for our salads we were told they were out. But no offer was made to give us anything else as our appetizer. Then about 5 minutes later our salads magically appear but were not as described on the online menu. The salad for the special was described as, "Spring mixed greens, tomatoes, radishes, avocado and Queso Fresco cheese with Chipotle vinaigrette. Served with grilled bread topped with butter and cilantro oil." The salad we got was finely chopped iceberg lettuce topped with some mixed spring greens on top, which tried to hide the iceberg lettuce because I didn't notice the iceberg lettuce when it was served. There were a couple of sliced grape tomatoes and the vinaigrette. And no grilled bread with butter. Because we had waited so long we were also brought out the queso fundido, which was the only nice touch to the service. It was ok. It lacked flavor. For our main entrees we got the steak fajitas and pescado con salsa verde (which was tilapia with a cream sauce). The fajitas were pretty good, but they never gave us tortillas for them. The tilapia was better. Both came with rice and the fajitas also came with beans. Lastly we got both desserts that were offered. Strawberry cheesecake and strawberries and cream. Both were good. Also our server messed up our drink orders a couple of times and rarely came over to see us. The food was good, but not worth coming back for with the horrible service.
3	While in the search for the best place to have my graduation dinner... I had to find someplace that could house a couple dozen people and that would have killer drinks (for afterward! :P) and yet nice... after reading the reviews on yelp that were mixed... I couldn't help but to think this was the perfect place.My mom went and found a VERY beautiful place on the inside... don't let the outside fool you! Linen topped tables and personalized plates abound! With pretty murals and cute decor. I was inlove. We had a nice dinner for two.I had some flautas with enchiladas. My mom had the enchiladas with a small steak. She was in love and I was happy too. The chips and salsa left much to be desired. And the service wasn't that great, it took us almost 45 minutes for us to get our meals! and we were the only table that was eating! And it turned out that our server was one of the owners!We discussed the dinner and came up with a cute menu. Flautas and enchiladas. I had a few problematic guests. One doesn't eat cheese at ALL and another doesn't eat beef AT ALL and another won't eat poultry AT ALL ugh... these people! So we came up with a few nice alternatives and settled it.We were told that they were going to cook the food a little on the early side. Just so that when we got there - we'd be ready to go. After I recieved my diploma (hard cover, the actual diplomas will be ready in a few weeks!) and headed out there, I was the LAST one to show up! I got there and it took over an hour for them to get our food on the table!!What happened to them starting early?? There was also a band that was playing some music. They were crazy-loud. but it was a Friday night and I did know about them ahead of time... I'm kinda glad they were loud because some of my guests were... umm... not getting along. Yeah and the band's loudness kinda kept things from boiling over. But it wasn't a nice place to eat afterward. I think it'd be better suited for a ton of appetizers and drinking and dancing. I don't think I'll be having a big party there anytime soon. But I might stop by for some dinner if I'm not in a big rush. If you have a LOOOOT of time, go ahead and give it a try... but you might not like it. I liked it, but the food was very salty. And again, the salsa wasn't that great. I didn't see ANYTHING that was uniquely Brazialian, which was disappointing. I was glad that they were able to accomidate us, but we were the only table that was eating! And they were able to box up our left over food (some ppl didn't show up) and they became our parting gifts to our guests. That was pretty cool.
