5	My boyfriend and I visited touch of healing on a deal we found online. We scheduled our appointment for right before the vacation we were taking that weekend.  It was a great experience! The masseuses, Jenelle Jennifer (I think that was her name) were experienced and it made for a very relaxing start to our trip out of town. I have been back since and I got to meet the owner, Maria, who also does great work. I look forward to visiting again!
5	Wonderful experience!   I bought a groupon for a 60 min hot stone massage.  I booked online just days before...simple and lots of options.  Janelle did a fabulous job!  I was so relaxed and she really worked on the areas I needed.  I felt comfortable and at peace.  Afterwards she gave me paperwork for stretches to help with my pained areas and a wellness plan.  I felt no pressure to join their membership or book right away.   I definitely will return!
5	This place is amazing! I had the best massage of my life with Janelle. They're attention to detail (like the hot towels) is like no other massage spa. I had an aromatherapy massage which was very serene and healing. The entire staff is very friendly and accommodating. I purchased their membership since I will be getting massages on a regular basis with them!
5	Came back for a 2nd hot stone massage.  It was better than the first one!  I was so relaxed and Janelle really listened to what I wanted for my massage.  She went the extra mile and I felt very pampered.  I love this place!
5	I was given a massage from Touch of Healing for my birthday and so felt obligated to use it.  I am not a fan of massages (they are either to heavy handed or I just can't get comfortable) but I can no longer say that.  The atmosphere here is amazing!  The staff very friendly and accommodating and the massage was the best I have EVER had!  I went home feeling like a million bucks and can't wait to go back!
5	Marie Minor Neugent is an expert at prenatal massage, God has truly gifted her with the Touch of Healing. She started giving me prenatal massages recently and my body feels absolutely amazing. I was experiencing severe back pain and leg cramping and now my body feels entirely relaxed and stress free. What a wonderful and special woman she is... I can not thank her enough for helping me through this pregnancy and making it easier and more enjoyable!!!!!I highly recommend that you see Marie for prenatal massage, it is a necessity during your pregnancy. Not only will prenatal massage make labor easier, it will also alleviate muscular discomfort, improve blood circulation and this provides more nutrients to both fetus and mother and stimulates function of the lymphatic system, increasing the detoxification of waste and toxins as well as improving immune function to protect the mother against disease. It will improve your posture, it helps with depression, promotes relaxation and reduces swelling. Swelling is very common during pregnancy because the body produces more fluids. Prenatal massage is the ONLY sure way to reduce inflammation as it improves circulation!
5	Marie and her staff are awesome! Marie gives a fabulous massage...I LOVE the Mu Xing technique! I'm thrilled I found Marie a few years ago and just tickled pink that her spa is doing so well! If you're looking for an awesome massage, this is the place!
1	I received a massage from Touch of Healing as a Xmas present. I decided to use it last week and I am glad that I didn't pay for it myself. My massage therapist Thomas had ice cold hands for about half of the massage. It was very hard to relax due to this. Also during the last half of my massage I heard a big thud on the door which startled me and someone pushing paper under the door. That took me out of the relaxed state that I just got into. I then heard my door open and the massage therapist pull keys out of his pocket and give them to someone. It was the most unrelaxed massage I have received.  :-(UPDATE: I received an email from Thomas offering me a free 30 minute massage BUT I could upgrade to an hour for $25.... I don't think so. The email seemed pretty unprofessional and he added that him disrupting the massage was for the best. This email was a little creepy at parts and unprofessional to say the least.
5	Marie is absolutely amazing!!! I bought a membership to touch of healing..definitely a great buy!
5	The Mu Xing was the best massage ever!!  Marie is an excellent massage therapist and I would recommend this technique to everyone.  I was so relaxed I wasn't sure I could drive home.  Now that's relaxed!!
3	I really don't want to write a tepid review as the staff was nice. I searched for a massage therapist on yelp and bought their coupon special. I just moved here and miss my awesome therapist in my previous city. They switched massage therapists on me. I booked online with Marie since everyone raved about her on yelp. The replacement was ok. Chatty. But she pushed religion on me and to me that's not ok or professional. The message was a 60 minute deep tissue. It was so so. Not great. Not terrible. After they pushed me to make another appointment. Not once but three times. This really turned me off from wanting to go back. Had they just let it go after one "let me check my schedule first" they may have received more business. But pushy gets no more business from me. Disappointed.
4	On Saturday I had my groupon vitamin c facial done by Angie. My husband says I look like I'm barely 30, that's almost 10 years younger. :). It was very relaxing and I dozed off a few times. :). She was very willing to help with any if my concerns and I feel she did a great job. I'm also there for a lymphatic healing massage with Marie. Trying to repair my body from surgery injuries. I'll report on final results. As of right now my first was really good. She spent the time needed and then some to assure she was satisfied with her work.   My first appt did have a scheduling bump due to a freeway accident, they compensated me for my time. Thank you touch of healing.
4	I had the Vitamin C Hydrating facial today and it was absolutely great! Angela was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. I loved my first experience and I already have my next facial appointment set up!
5	I bought a Groupon for a combination massage and facial, which I used today.  I was very, very happy with my services.  Angela did a fabulous job with my facial - I've already booked my next one.  Mixty provided my massage, and for a small young woman, she's powerfully strong!  She also did an excellent job - and I upgraded to the aromatherapy as well.  Touch of Healing provides a very lovely, relaxing, spiritual environment.  Everyone was very nice, explained what they were going to do, and were very professional.  I have had many spa experiences, and this was one of the best.  I will definitely return to try some of their other services!
5	Janelle had me so relaxed with every touch.  It was easy to see how well experienced she is. I will look forward to my next therapeutic massage from her.  She is a great educator and knows her stuff.  Thank you Janelle!!!
5	I've now had 5 massages with Marie and i adore her.  She has helped with the entire flow of my body.  My scar tissue has decreased and become pliable.  She makes you feel whole and at peace.  I would suggest everyone try her.
1	If you don't know what a good massage is or only like a rub then go here. Absolutely no technique by either of the 'massage therapists' my wife and I had. I would never go back. Don't know how anyone would recommend this place. My wife is even a massage therapist, so she knows the good from the bad. This is definitely a one star place at best.
4	From the minute I came in I felt very welcomed and happy to be there everyone was extremely professional and enjoyed every minute of my facial and massage
5	This was my first visit and I loved it. I called last minute and they got me in the same day.  I usually don't write reviews unless I get bad service. That seems to be the norm for most people. Keep that in mind when reading reviews. It took me a couple weeks to write this review because I didn't want the word to get around about how good this place is. I realized that was selfish so here I am. I've been to a couple other local places I found on Yelp and they don't measure up to this place.  I've also had massages at resorts and high-end spas that were good but not outstanding.. It's not the biggest place but that's what makes it feel more personal and intimate for lack of a better word. I reserved a 60 minute massage but switched it to a 90 minute when the 60 was up. I didn't want it to stop. She didn't make a fuss or make me feel bad for doing it.  I even think she worked into part of her lunch break.  I expected the quality of the massage to taper off towards the end but she finished as strong as she started.  She asked questions before she started so that she could zero in on what I wanted.  Unlike other massage therapists she didn't talk throughout the massage. That really let me go into deep relaxation and that's why I get a massage.  As much as it was a pleasure to talk with her, she knows there's a time and a place for that. She is passionate about what she does and is into total health issues not just massage. They gave me a printout that showed my trouble areas and things I could do daily to help with the pain. This place is worth the money. I'd pay double for the service and quality I received. I can't believe I wrote so much. Just got on a roll and this place deserves it.
