3	My mom practically lives at this place and she wanted to go yesterday...We pulled up to the 90% (yep, you read that right... 90%) off sale and my mom was ready to go hard... There was still a decent amount of product, considering the sale was on clothing, shoes and accessories... I guess they're getting ready for next season... My mom got three pairs of men's khakis for her husband, a pair of pants, two skirts, a sweater, two shirts and a purse for her and the grand total was $4.15... The only thing I really liked enough to buy was a dress, but it was an XS... Yeah, those days are over... lol  Oh well, at least my mom had a score... The staff was nice and helpful, so that was a plus... The only thing I didn't like is that the dressing room was closed... I mean, I guess at those prices you may as well just buy it and see if it fits, but still...  Overall, it's a clean store with good inventory and helpful staff... I'll probably end up there again...
5	Let's just say it's a dangerous place because it's NEXT TO MY OFFICE! Good thing it's a thrift store and overall the price tags are low or this random "let's walk next door" lunch break can be a problem.This store is a little more expensive than others (ex. VV) BUT the quality of products are definitely better. The quality of service is great too. Ran by volunteers, these ladies (mostly ladies on the sales floor) are helpful and you can tell they're enjoying their time. Another plus, they have fitting rooms!Keep in mind they do have sales. I just got a barely worn pair of heels (more for a night out/cocktail dress events) for $9 (25% off $12). Is that "cheap?" Well, I've had cheaper finds for shoes in thrift stores, but it's not bad for a nice pair of fancy heels.They have annual events such as Baubles & Bags, which is a 1-day event of high end rare jewelry, handbags, accessories & shoes sale. This year it will be on 8/23/2014 from 9-3.All proceeds go toward the local chapter of Assistance League, which is a non-profit group with a focus of helping children and families in the Charlotte area.I'm a fan of shopping cheap and helping others!
