5	Over the last few weeks, I have been to this ACE Hardware store about 20 times, as I am restoring a 1970's boat. They have everything that Home Depot and Lowes doesn't have... A lot of odd nuts and bolts, stainless steel stuff that you can't find anywhere else. Very friendly staff, right off the 101 Fwy., they have been really helpful and they have "the goods!"
4	If you are a nuts and bolts kind of guy, this is the place.  It is rather a small Ace store, but they have almost all of the normal hardware merchandise squeezed into the small space.  Consequently you have to ask where things are - and the people that work there are very helpful.  That is the advantage of small hardware store, next to a Home Depot or Lowe's.  It is the people that make the business, and these employees are great.I have been here for keys, fans, electrical switches and receptacles, wire, screws, bolts, tools, and always seem to be able to find what I want.  Ace and Home Depot are complementary to each other, as each of them stock things that the other one doesn't.  But I'm lucky, and have both within a mile of my house, and I use them constantly.And if you want something that they don't have, you can order it on their internet site, and they will ship it to the store.  What more can one want?
5	Super-friendly staff. Actually that's the main reason I go here. They can be more expensive than the big-box stores, but it feels more local and personal and I can almost always find exactly what I need without having to walk for miles at Home Depot. Did I mention how helpful they are?
4	This store had closed for about a year and has now reopened with new owners. This is a totally new store and the layout is much better than the very cramped prior store. Don't worry about trying to find anything because the VERY friendly staff will take you to it and assist you. I have compared prices with Home Depot and Ace is usually more expensive and sometimes a lot more expensive. What you get at Ace is a much higher level of customer service and convenience. If I just need an item or two or any specialized fitting or replacement part, Ace is the place.
1	While I agree that the layout nof this store is better, I waited for this store to reopen as I generally love Ace Hardware stores. Today I went to buy a 25 Lb bag of salt for my water softner as the grocery store was out of it. WELL...not only was there no one in the store, but I had a hard time finding someone to help me. When I checked out, the cashier was rude. when I told her that this salt did not cost $19.95 a bag!!! however they did charge me $10.75!!! That is more than twice the price at the grocery store. The girl was insistant she was right and when she found out she had made an error, she talked under her breath to me. Well, there are many other stores in this town, I will wait for the grocery store to get it in if they are out and pay $3.69 for the same product. Sorry, I was excited to see this store reopen but I won't be back.I love to support local business just not this one.
5	I wanted to do some light painting in my condo. In the past I have gone to Home Depot but decided to try Ace. I was blown away by the service and knowledge of the employees. I went 3 times in the past week and each time I was greeted immediately and given assistance within a few minutes. As this was my first painting experience, I was unsure about paint swatches, brushes, paint types, taping, and well... painting in general. They helped me with everything and answered all of my questions. With Home Depot, I can wander around aimlessly for 30 minutes and no one will offer to help!The store is a little small but they seem to have a good variety of hardware supplies. I would highly recommend this store and will be going here for all of my future needs.
5	Fantastic experience here at ace today! Came in to get a couple keys made and Brett was so friendly and accommodating.  He even made a set of "keys" from the dud batch for my kiddo, which totally made our day :).  Coming back for sure!
5	I had to yelp about this store's impeccable customer service. As soon as I walked in they asked me if I needed help and them he immediately had an employee meet me in that aisle and assist me! Thanks ace!
