4	when I want tasty Mexican food at a affordable price and decent portion size, this is where I have my husband take me.. its all good!I dont bother with mexican restaurants anymore..
4	We get carne asada burritos from here a couple times a month. I can live off them. I have noticed they have gotten smaller over the last year or so; that's the reason for 4 stars.
3	This place is good if you want decent Mexican food fast, or just a late night bite to eat.  They will not blow you away, but certainly several steps above Taco Bell or Del Taco.  The prices are fair, ingredient quality is average (sour cream lacks flavor), and the menu selection is wide.  All and all you can't go wrong with a stop off at this Valley wide chain!Good: any of their quesadillas.OK: nachosAvoid: Chimichangas
1	Absolutely, positively the worst food, Mexican or otherwise I have ever tried to eat.Overpriced, flavorless and stale, the entire order should have been relegated to the dumpster, not served to a customer.I ordered 2 beef tacos at $3.00 each. They do not come with any condiments (condiments are sold separate at a buck a piece!) such as taco sauce, sour cream or guacamole. They do give you a few tiny plastic containers each holding about 2 tablespoons of reddish colored water..mystery to me what they were as I was not brave enough to taste them. The taco filling consists of a tablespoon or so of stewed mystery meat which is flavorless, a few shreds of some limp partially melted process shredded cheese, and a few shreds of limp and browned lettuce all of which lie sadly in a tiny strip at the bottom of the overcooked taco shell. The shell itself was disgustingly flavored by the rancid cooking oil it was prepared with and was not only stale but overcooked...hard as a brick. My best guess is that the last time they changed the oil in their fryers, Texas was still part of Mexico.No lie, my DOG turned his nose up at it when he sniffed at the trash...which is where my entire order ended up.Next was a beef burrito served up in a stale, flavorless flour tortilla. The edges were hard as a rock and the middle was raw and doughy. The meat (again) is stewed and with absolutely no flavor at all, bland, bland, bland with a few sickly looking  strips of fried green pepper and onion mixed in. No beans, cheese, rice, lettuce, tomato or condiment...for $4.99 no less.I lived in California among many Mexican families and am very familiar with authentic Mexican food which this restaurant is an insult to. My advice is to save your money and go to Taco Bell rather than visit this mexican dumpster. If I could give a negative star rating, I surely would!
4	This place is a dive, the interior & exterior is dying for an update, it's surrounded by an eyesore of buildings... But I'm here for the food though! The food is legit, don't let everything else fool u. I'm Mexican, my mom is a caterer & I love exploring in different eateries. If u want good food, great prices & love alcohol this is the place!Ambiance- 2Food quality - 5Food presentation - 3Pricing - 4Location - 2Service - 5My review is solely on the good food & service & nothing else. If u r looking for ambiance & something fancy this is not the place.
2	I am actually a Filiberto's fan, however this location just doesn't do it for me. Every time I have ordered from here. There food just doesn't have much flavor. I always drive by them on my way to work, like the idea that they are opened 24 hrs. But there are too many choices to choose from (three by the time I hit the 101 fwy) to settle on their food.
