4	It's all about the gas station here. More often than not they are one of the cheapest in the valley. Not a huge fan of the store itself because of the customers, not the staff but I love the gas prices here so I have to give this location a 4!
4	I do most of my grocery shopping here due to proximity, plus the discount you get on gas is a great incentive.
1	For those of you who shop at Food-4-Less we have all seen the sales its one of the things that keeps bringing me back. We have seen the pallets stacked to the bottom of the sigh and when we come across a good deal we tend to buy more. Well this morning I was just going to get coffee and cookies for work when I came across what looked to be a good deal Powerade 3 for $1.00 not to crazy of a price so I grabbed 3 cases off while the Coke rep. was there stacking the Powerade. I even found Rockstar $.89 when you buy 6 so I get to the register and get hit with sticker shock just under $50.00 I asked thinking the computer has not been updated on the Powerade and, I am told no there $.89 a piece the cashier through me attitude like I don't know what I am talking about and asked a coworker to check the price with out even thinking about it he said they are 3 for $1 then she tell him to go check and make sure. By this time she is on the phone telling her co-workers to get rid of the sigh the head checker comes over to tell me the sigh is wrong and it is for another product even though there is no product name on the sigh. I asked to speak to a Manager and the Co- manager comes out he said yeah sorry I know the sigh is up with new product but we can give you 6 Powerades for that price but not 45 so they admit the price was there and the would not honor it. I then asked for a corporate number and now I am running late for work if this was any other store Albertson, Wal-Mart, Vons or even Smith / Kroger there parent store their would not even have questioned the price after seeing it but, I get the run around I just don't get it. Any way I call the corporate number and get it's up to the manager sorry to bad. After today I will never shop at another Food-4-Less again.
1	After emailing my experience to Food -4-Less I get this email and have yet to hear back from any store manager. I just dont get it they expect consummers to come back to be treated bad and, feel like the bad guy. I will continue to avoid Food-4-Less and is I see a sale in there add and just take it to Walmart for the price match. Food-4-less has lost a customer for life.Dear George-Elliott:Thank you for taking the time to share your experiences from your recent trip to Food 4 Less. I am so sorry that your shopping trip was not satisfactory. Our customers expect and deserve quality products and great customer service that makes them want to return. We do appreciate knowing when we have fallen short of that. I am forwarding your concerns to the head store director so they can discuss your experience with the management team and I feel confident in knowing that the necessary steps will be taken to ensure that you and others have a better shopping experience moving forward. We certainly do not want to see you go elsewhere to purchase your groceries. Thank you again for bringing this to our attention. We appreciate the opportunity to address your concerns and we hope you will give us a chance to earn back your trust and loyalty. Thank you for your patronage and have a great day.Sincerely,NashKroger Customer Connect The Kroger Family of Stores
5	Love shopping here always a friendly customer service  and fresh veggies and fruits, and very good deals on ur daily house needs
5	This place is probably my favorite store around us. I can always go here for whatever I need and i love that it's walking distance. They have amazing prices great deals and really cheap gas the only downside to this business is the time they close. Wish it'd stay open past midnight since that's about the time we get the munchies lol
