4	This guy used to be the other half of the Beehive, a (for some reason unknow to me) popular little coffee shop type place in the SS. It's pretty new when I am writing this reveiw but this is what I encountered my first vist...The good:1. I got drunk for a reasonable price. 2. It had that small town bar feel where you could go dance with anybody and it would be kosher (or that could have been reason 1 carrying over)The bad:1. It was a little small2. Despite the look of a log cabin and the name of "the rowdy buck" there was no country music to be heard. I'll go back, probably get drunk again and test the dance floor.
4	Ahhh, The Rowdy Buck, the newest addition to the never-ending strip of bars in Pittsburgh's Southside! But the Buck doesn't stop there (hoho! see what I did there?) - there's something cute, kitschy, and quaint that separates it from its equally boozy neighbors.For starters, the decor. I'm not sure if it's COMPLETELY RIDICULOUS or COMPLETELY AWESOME or maybe a little bit of both. I mean, it looks like a log cabin, smells like a brand new bar (fresh paint + hints of booze), and has kitschy mooseheads and other lumberjack type stuff all over the walls. Also, they randomly have fake windows with photos of Monument Valley (in Arizona) plastered in them - cool and totally weird. Bon Iver wouldn't look too out of place drinking in here, if you get my drift.The food is limited to "gourmet" hot dogs so far. As a veggie, I got the veggie dog with the Texas Ranger toppings: Colby Jack cheese, caramelized onions, and tortilla chips. I visited during their first week open, so it took a bit of time to get us our dogs, but I can understand that given the circumstances. The Texas Ranger is DELISH. I've had a lot of veggie dogs in my lifetime, but they really nailed it with this one. (Sorry, Station Street!)As for libations, I didn't actually try any, though was pleasantly surprised at their variety of beer and liquor options. As soon as I saw that they stocked the Art In The Age line of liquors, I was sold.Prices are decent here, too. Dogs will run you about five bones, drinks anywhere from five to ten. I will definitely have to come back after their grand opening!
4	Stopped in here on a Sunday night for a quick beer.  There wasn't much of a crowd, but the bartender was friendly.  I had a beer, but it looked as if he could mix a cocktail quite well.  The decor of the Rowdy Buck gives it a clean country feel, but other reviews have said that they don't play country music.  There is however a dance floor and a dj booth.  They also have live music on Fridays.  There is a small patio outback.  The prices are reasonable.  I would definately go back.
5	This bar was amazing! It was a pretty crowded night, the place was so packed we had to crawl under the divider to get on the dance floor, but it was so worth it. It has a VERY eclectic, lodgey feel to it. The bartenders wear flannel, there's an electric fireplace thing and a deer hunter game, its definitely unique. Drinks aren't bad, the selection is pretty extensive, and it feels like on a less busy night I could see myself loving the place. They were well staffed and despite how crowded it was, their presence was known and things didn't get out of hand. The DJ was also really good, he played a lot of newer pop and I'd think with such an eclectic place there would be more of a mix going, but it *was* Saturday night, so I can kind of see why they'd try to appeal to that crowd. All things considered, I'll definitely go there again!
4	Cool bar. It has enough room for a designated dance floor, sectional couches when you're too wasted to dance anymore, plus a cool back patio for smoking. On the other side is the Beehive coffee shop. This has been my go to place for dancing.. Just the right amount of people to not be too crowded yet still fun. I haven't been here in a few months but I realized I haven't reviewed this yet :)
2	This bar is full of douche bags. I went with a friend for her birthday on a Friday night. I knew what I was going into the whole time, but I went because I was with my friends and knew we would have a good time no matter where we were. The dj was awesome at first. I asked him to send a shout out to my friend for her birthday, which he did immediately. Later I requested a song, and two hours later... No song. The bartenders were busy of course, but very nice to my boyfriend who ordered the quicks for him and I. My problem with this bar is the environment. I've never gone to eat there and maybe I will- it's decorated like a log cabin which is awesome and it's moderately clean over all. Do not go in on a Thursday Friday or Saturday. It's douche bag city. Guys stand all around the dance floor just waiting for the next girl to hit on. It's pathetic . I barely danced and was harassed two times. I know that this behavior is not a complete reflection on the business itself, but it comes with the overall experience. The rowdy buck is not a place to hang out for happy hour with some friends... It's busiest times are during the late hours on the weekends when everyone is looking to dance. Also- people drop their glasses often here. We arrived at 1030 and a broken glass was on the dance floor. 3 hours later... No employee touched the glass, customers did to avoid stepping on the shards of glass( my friend found multiple pieces of glass in her flip flop as well). Overall thought of this place is "No".
1	We ordered Samuel Adams seasonal late December and they gave us 6$ beers of skunky old octoberfest. When we asked to switch it out because it went bad they just handed us back the bottle of old beer we already took a sip of. Bad service. They don't care.
