2	The pad thai here isn't bad.  It's made a bit differently than I'm used to, but I still liked it.  However, I can't say much about the other stuff.  Whatever my friend ordered wasn't good at all.  Sorry, I wish I could tell you what it is so that you'd be able to avoid it, but I'll have to find that out next time.  The egg flower soup was just barely descent at best.  I'm not sure if I'm brave enough to come back and try the other items.
3	I am driving in Vegas in the mood for Asian food. So I drive out toward Spring Mountain, where all the Asian restaurants are, near Valley View. I have my GPS working, and for Where to? I pick Food, then Asian. It quickly shows me a list of choices and how far they are, and in which general direction. I scroll down looking for something to hit me just right. Then I see it."Titts Thai Restaurant"! Wow! This is Vegas! My mind races with different fantasies about what this place could be like with a name like that!1. A Vegas all nude joint that serves lap dances after your Tom Yum2. Infamous Thai strip joint where girls don't use their mouths to smoke a cigarette 3. An off the Vegas Strip dance/dinner review with topless dancers4. Trendy club where Panang Curry isn't the hottest thing in the house. It is only 1 mile away, so I follow Gypsy, my GPS to the coordinates. "Tipps Thai restaurant" reads the sign in front of a normal Strip mall restaurant in a dark part of the neigborhood.What? Did they get too many drunk truckers wanting more than Thai food, that they changed the name? Too many geeks from the Consumer Electronics Shows wanting breasts with their Pad Thai?Wait a minute, I thought, Tipps, well that is and integral part of Titts, isn't it? Every mammary has its nipple or it isn't really mammalia! Or did my GPS just have a typo? I peer into the restaurant. It is pretty large, it is 8:00pm, and nobody is inside eating. There is one car in the lot. It looks like a restaurant, for sure, but somehow the Titts or Tipps moniker hasn't help bring the customers. After pondering a bit and straining to see some sign of life, I drive off in search of an alternative. I am really hungry now, and getting tired and grumpy. Marnee's Thai shows up nearby. A couple of more cars in the lot, a few more customers inside. By this time I am famished. There's a karaoke stage and lights to the right. It seems this place is owned by the omnipresent Chinese Diaspora. How do I know? Well, the owner looks Chinese somehow, but the sign outside said 'Marnee Thai Chinese Food". That was my best clue. I order Tom Yum soup (no Lap dance came after, but it was spicy!) Then Panang Curry with Rice. (The only thing steaming was my curry and rice!) I had a Sing Ha to help cool off my burning tongue. Food was so-so. The soup I ordered medium hot, but it was hot-hot, with red and green chilies, and a lot of lemograss, too. The Panang was just chicken and no veggies. the chicken was all breast meat, though. Really nice breasts. No tipps, but tender little morsels in the mouth.
4	i love this place..I model a bit in Vegas and they get so excited when I come in..they recognize me..There is awful karaoke on the big screens and the atmosphere is not so hot..but its young..old..and warm.Their hot pots of tom yum is outstanding and reasonably priced..their papaya salad is fantastic..I am a fish eater only..so im not the best reviewer of meaty meals..they are quick..open late (till 2 i think) and will accommodate your dietary desires..
3	I am a frequent visitor to Marnee Thai to the tune of twice a week. The ambiance is a typical Thai joint with glass table tops and cheap furniture. Often I question myself as to why I come back, it most certainly isn't for the blaring thai karaoke during the late night hours. Maybe the inconsistent service? Nah... I'm going to have to go with decent food at decent prices and late hours, kind of like your significant other who isn't the best looking or the funniest person but always brings home a milkshake without having to ask. The Beef Rad Na is a favorite, nice big portion made with fat rice noodles, beef, broccoli a lot of gravy and there always is enough to take home for lunch the next day. Also the white boy special Pad Thai is solid as well, I'm going to say the sauce is a little heavier on the fish sauce than most Pad Thai's I've had and there is a bit more tang as well. Good not great at the end of the day, but one thing that certainly keeps me coming back is the coconut ice cream, try it, you will like it!
1	I'm going to unbiased and simple as possible. Friday night dinner. 9pm. Group of 5. Spent almost 2 and a half hours there, entirely waiting for food. Went as a suggestion from a friend, because it was the only Thai joint around with extended hours, (until 3am I believe). Decor was tacky, unnecessarily dimly lit and noticed there was stage with a DJ booth and microphone for karaoke. There were about 4 other tables being served, with about 2 waiters total. Wasn't pleasantly greeted by our waiter, instead literally pointed to our table and simply asked "Drink?". Then, took about 15 minutes to come back with our beverages, and another 5 after that to take our food orders. After anxiously waiting for a ridiculous 45 minutes with no food, dishes finally started to come out. Or shall I say one dish. Starving, our entire group scoffed it down, but was left extremely agitated due to its painfully stingy portions. This exact thing happened every 10 minutes per dish, coming out one by one, often bland and unexciting. It also didn't help that our waiter never seemed to care, even as we deliberately showed signs that we were impatient and unstatisfied. Not a single word, apology or update on the speed of the food. Even a "We're understaffed" or "New cook" would have helped, but now I refuse to even give them the benefit of the doubt. At the end of our long, painful, 2 hour "sampling" dining experience, the waiter simply dropped off the check and vanished. I usually am very reserved and understanding, but never before have I had such a bad dining experience in my life.
3	I dropped in here a few times for late night after work dinner. Great that it's open til 2amish for late night workers like us. I walk in and hear loud Thai music and I'm not quite sure how to take it....looks like they have a Karaoke set up. Someone started to sing while we order...it's kinda distracting as he was the only one singing and everyone else seemed like they were there to eat- maybe too he could have just been a mic hog and people were waiting for him to step off. The food is alright here specially for late night but the service was a bit spotty with no one checking on us after we got our food. Been here 2-3 more times and kinda similar service. I think for late night I rather go to Krung down the ways so I don't have to be hearing them blasting Thai songs.
4	I always eat here when I visit Vegas. Its just off the strip to the west on Spring Mountain Rd a bit. What you get here would cost you a fortune in one of the hotel tourist trap Asian restaurants.Marnee Thai has a homey atmosphere, they are usually playing Thai music videos or concert DVDs on their two flat screen televisions. The service and the food is above average. My favorite is the Angel Wings.
4	Cheap lunch specials under $7. Two hungry people had to have 3 dishes here. All came with minestrone soup, a cheese wonton, and an egg roll. The mongolian beef was only average, skip it. The red chicken curry was very good, a must get dish. The basil chicken was very good as well, i recommend it.Total bill for 3 servings $20.Will come here again for lunch.
4	Its been a long time since I've had a good Rad Na.  Marnee was a pleasant surprise!  I also had the papaya salad, and the Thai iced tea.  The Thai iced tea here is tasty, so if you like Thai iced tea, order it!  The papaya salad had a lot stronger flavor than most of the papaya salads that I have had recently.  The salad was very saucy, and had baby shelled shrimp that added to the chewiness of it.  I ordered it with medium heat, but it was definitely spicier than most versions of the dish.  If strong flavors are your thing, you might like it.  Otherwise, it might be a little too much for some people.   The Rad Na with pork was actually very nice!  It had a good, thick brown gravy sauce that was nicely prepared.  The wide flat noodles gave it a slight sweetness that mixed really well with the gravy and pork.  I added some chili powder and a spoon full of the sour sauce.  The serving was huge.  I wouldn't say that the flavor of the gravy is as good as Prommares or Thai Grill, but it is definitely the best Rad Na I have had otherwise (TSNH, Komol).  It really is hard to find a Thai restaurant that prepares a good, authentic Rad Na, and this place gets an extra star for doing just that.  The only complaint I had was that the Chinese broccoli was very leafy.  I prefer the stems, but this is just a preference. The broccoli was still good.I am going to have to bring in the Thai food cavalry (my coworkers) and try more dishes at this little, older Thai restaurant.  Hopefully I can return soon and update this review, perhaps even adding Marnee to my favorites list.
2	Haven't gone back in a long time, but the BF and I were in the mood for late night Thai after work.Ordered thai ice tea and it was good.Got fried catfish w/ thai basil and ordered "mild" which definitely doesn't register as mild but was spicy. This as good though, very flavorful and the fish wasn't muddy tastingThe BF wanted pad se ew and was mostly the reason he wanted to go eat Thai. Theirs was disappointing though. The chicken had this dirty  poultry flavor...you know when it taste like how a chicken coop would smell like. Okay, so maybe we can eat just the noodles then, but I dunno we just weren't feeling it. It wasn't balanced in flavors, it was very wet so we didn't eat much of it but didn't have the heart to send it back. I thought this place was just A-OK of a place even when the food was good but the bad chicken pad se ew just put a damper in keeping it as a late night option.
4	I've been wondering about this place for a while. It looks tiny (like a hole in the wall) from the view of this restaurant located in a little low key strip mall. Recently, I got a certificate (for dinner only, 18% gratuity automatically added) on Restaurant.com. We were pleasantly surprised (and we are always looking for a good thai restaurant). Inside it's much bigger, with a bar on one side, and a stage with a modest dancefloor on the other. Seating is tables and chairs only. There is a little alter as you come to expect- most thai restaurants have an alter of some sort. The decor is framed prints of what appears to be of a group from either the 1960's or 1970's- kinda weird. When you walk in the door, there are filled magazine racks and citylife magazines. There was a flat screen on with the tru tv channel playing. There was one other party of two ladies who appeared to be family or friends, because our server was sitting with them, visiting, in between assisting us. It was not busy. When we were getting our dinner, a large party came; they had a couple tables put together.  We got an order of rangoons (creamy), won ton soup (more  like wor won ton soup- it's excellent plus it's huge- as you may already know, many asian restaurants also serve chinese food- pretty standard), chicken fried rice (thai style, with tomatoes and sliced cucumbers- good size, but missing the fried egg that I love), yellow curry chicken with a bowl of white rice, and two drinks- the bill was $35.93 before the gratuity was added (many of the dishes are reasonably priced). Everything was really good- we order it mild and I add red pepper flakes to mine; I think my husband has found a new favorite for yellow curry (*smiling*). The service was really good. Our server was attentive (drink refills) and was pleasant. He seemed a little rushed as he tended to the large party but we were nearly done with our dinner, so that was alright. We had leftovers of almost everything BTW.Besides the modest pricing, there are lunch specials and family dinner specials, so there are even more reasons to eat here. It won't be our last visit. This is why I love finding new places. Oh yeah, the operating hours are pretty long 10 am to 6 am- kinda weird huh?
4	What a really great surprise.My wife and I went to Marnee Thai tonight with our restaurant.com coupon and the food was awesome at an unbeatable price.The Wife is a vegetarian and had fried tofu appetizer and tofu Pad Thai for her main meal, while I had satay chicken sticks followed by "Pepper and garlic chicken".The pad thai was a huge stack of food and my wife enjoyed it thoroughly.I loved my satay sticks. They were a little smaller than you usually get at Thai places in Vegas, but they had an important feature for me in that they were clearly char grilled and well marinaded which really adds to the taste. The satay sauce was also top notch.My main meal of pepper and garlic chicken was delicious and there was a similar char on the chicken which I enjoyed. This dish was a sensational price at only $7.99.In addition to being extremely reasonably priced (most menu items are between $7 and $9 and soft drinks are $2) Marnee is conveniently open into the very small hours of the morning and the menu is extensive to say the least (much larger than the menus for the restaurant that you can find onlne).The restaurant wasn't exactly luxurious, but was relaxing and it was pleasant to linger. One side had a big screen TV setup where some easy listening concert was playing (Chicago, Celine Dion, etc among other acts)The only minor drawback with Marnee is that on our visit a few of the things we wanted were unavailable. It wasn't too much of a concern because we weren't absolutely sold on these particular items and they were mainly being purchased to fulfill the requirements of our restaurant.com coupon, however if you'd arrived tonight craving egg rolls or satay tofu you would have been in for disappointment.Overall, Marnee Thai is a hidden gem that offers delicious Thai food in a low-key atmosphere and provides incredible bang for the buck.
5	This is a restaurant from the old school off the strip in  Las Vegas. The prices are right on the money.  They offer a quality lunch menuat below average prices.  The shrimp fried rice was pretty tasty, as well as the garlic chicken with Thai ice coffee.
3	Came in at 12:40 am on Saturday, after trying to go to dragon house which was closed (not apparently 24 hours). I was the only person in there besides the family who runs the joint, kinda weird because it is in a bland strip mall, dark, at this hour. They try to make it more festive with Madonna videos on the tv, but it only made it more awkward.I saw duck curry, and was really disappointed to find out they didn't have any. Last time I had Thai duck, it was in Santa Cruz, only because everybody got quiet when I asked where the nearest fried chicken joint is (probably only place in the world where you have to ask for the non-vegan menu). In any case, I had the pad thai chicken; now, I have friends that are Thai food snobs, but I'm not one of them, so I thought my plate was pretty decent. I felt like the noodles were drenched in a sweet/spicy sauce, but again, from what I understand this is a standard practice in Thai. I also had the egg rolls which were nice and crisp, but I would have preferred some meat in it.At the end of the meal, things got really Asian when a regular came in and busted out the Thai karaoke. No stars off the restaurant for the performance.This is a nice place to stop in if you're in the area and really feeling Thai. The family was nice and polite, but the whole abandoned strip mall thing with the dim lighting was definitely uncomfortable when you're by yourself.
4	great service, really tasty food, good atmosphere. Also is open until 4AM.I recommend if you like spicy food
4	This place isn't THE best but it never disappoints me. It's conveniently located right next to my place of work and it's easy to come and grab some food. The take out service is very fast and I rarely wait more than 10-15 minutes. It never seems busy during the lunch hours but it seems to get packed later in the evening. Their lunch specials look good and reasonable for the price but I always just go straight for their pad thai with tofu. So yummy! I usually order a "7" on their scale of spicy-ness and it satisfies me to no end.The people who work here are very nice. One day I went in there to order some lunch and they were setting up some sort of party. They asked me to try some of the food they were setting out, for free! Well don't mind if I do. I have no idea what I tried but it was darn good.Also, looks like this place does Karaoke and it's open late...as in 5 or 6 AM late.
1	Not that great of a place. It is quite a disappointment compared to other thai places. I went their twice.
5	.... this place is legiznit....  *inside joke*No but seriously, this place is great.  And we had a live singer their playing 80s love jams.Let me tell you how to handle yourself here.  1. Papaya salad2. Panang Curry3. Duck Fried Rice (maybe not on menu)4. Won Ton Soup (for all the haters stay away, I love this stuff)5. Pad Kee Mao (sp?)Papaya salad.  So light and refreshing.  That spicy lime dressing is killer.  I put it all over my rice when I'm done, can't get enough of it.  Panang curry is good, they put a lot of chicken or whatever you like.Duck fried rice needs its own paragraph...  I first learned about this dish in a thai place in San Francisco.  So we asked the waitress if they had it, and sure enough they did.  This dish can go wrong because the duck can be fatty and places can use a lot of oil to make it.  But Marnee Thai used nice pieces of duck and the dish wasn't too greasy.  It's a party in the mouth definitely.Won top soup... not the most flavorful, probably the most  boring dish we had compared with the flavorful competition.  But still legiznit.Pad Kee Mao, you can go wrong with the big flat noodles and the rich taste.  Unbeatable texture, love it.The singer from that night is no Elvis Presley, but he kept us entertained the whole night.  My favorite thai place so far in the city.Arvin T... out!  I'll probably never write that last part in a review ever again, it seemed like a good idea at the time though.
4	The first time I came to Marnee Thai Restaurant was 2-3 years ago, with a bunch of friends and classmates that were all fellow culinary students.  We came and tried a lot of different food and enjoyed live band performance.  I remembered the food was good, but never went back.That changed last night, when a group of us decided to drop by for a late night dinner after the Yelp event at the Barrack Museum (UNLV).  One of my favorite dish to order is the Yum Woon Sen (Yum Glass Noodle Salad), which is cellophane noodles mixed with pork, shrimp and dressed in spicy lime dressing.  I ordered just a 3 on their spiciness scale, and it was already very hot!  So unless you enjoy really spicy food, don't get anything more than a 3, and probably better to go with a 2 or lower.  Otherwise, it was quite good.The food here is definitely authentic.  It may not be as famous as some other Thai restaurants in Las Vegas, but it is definitely good and worth a try.Decor:  Pretty simple decorations, but there is a stage for live band or karaoke.Food:  Pretty good Thai food.Service:  Very pleasant and efficient.Parking:  Usually not an issue.
4	DUCK FRIED RICE!!! Finally! This is my ultimate comfort food. This is what I crave after too many cocktails. Although the fried rice is not as buttery as I've had in San Francisco, the duck pieces here are lean and tasty. It's not on the menu, but when you order it, they will bring it without hesitation. Unlike Lotus of Siam where there's a big hassle about it, and then they want to charge me $45 to make something custom. I would give this place 5 stars except for the fact that it's not a very happening. I've gone here several times for a date night, and we were always the only ones here. That could be a plus if you want an intimate date, but it's big minus if it's your first date.
3	I have been to Marnee Thai a couple of times. It isn't what I would consider the 'best' Thai food I have ever had, though I am not sure if I have experienced that yet.. though Lotus of Siam is pretty bad ass in my book. What i do like about Marnee thai is that they are open late until 2 am. It's not the latest open place in China Town, but it's always a good option when a place is open that late. I have never shown up for any special event, only for the curry, pad thai and stuffed wings (of which i have had much better) .. but the little older man that sits at the the karaoke stage and sings Lionel Richie and Commodore's covers .. in Thai... is a nice touch ; ]he bill is always about $45-$60 for two of us with beers, so it's not over the top pricey .. in fact  i think the Chicken Pad Thai is $8.99. Id give it a try if you're looking for late night, low-priced, still pretty quality thai food.
4	Why I ate Thai food in Vegas is beyond me. Blame my family.In the land of 5 star buffets and the Earl of Sandwiches for crying out loud...my parents wanted Thai food.This place was really authentic and flavorful.  As a Thai person I can tell you it's legit.So if you're looking for a good dinner spot at a decent hour..head over!
5	I love this place! My boyfriend and I actually rent a house right around the corner from Marnee and we walk there all the time. They are always very friendly, the food is fast and we havent had a bad meal there yet. I LOVE their Tom Kha soup, the one with the coconut milk in the broth, it's so good. And their pad Thai never disappoints. Also, their hours are very convenient as they are open late. More than once we have driven past there at 3 or 4 am and they are still in there, singing karaoke and dancing. It's funny. I definitely recommend this place, totally worth checking out.
3	It was probably the 2 week incessant Christmas music playing at the casinos where my husband and I work that caused us to become disgusted with the whole notion of Christmas.With that being said, we hoped into our car and decided to have Christmas eve dinner in China Town.  We were in the mood for Thai food and stumbled across Marnee Thai.  Upon entering, I felt as if we were starring in our own Wild West movie, because everyone literally stopped what they were doing to turn around and look at us.  Acting natural, we ordered some appetizers off the menu, the "beef jerky" was a little dry but after a few bites grew to like it.  It was like Thai carnitas!  Seafood Salad was a little too spicy for me and found the imitation crab, off-putting.  Finally the "Stuffed Chicken Wings" were okay but had a weird coating.Over all the service and the food were all kind of Meh.  Go for an entree and skip the apps.Oh, and don't sit under the karaoke television monitor, which when we were there was  on the wall over our table.  As I was eating I felt like people were watching me, and they kind of were because they were watching the monitor which was about a foot above my head.  I still consider this personal space.
4	** Huge Thai Food Critic & I say it doesn't get more authentic than this place **Food: 5/5 Was delicious, like I said doesn't get more authentic than this place. I'm Thai and a lot of the dishes at Marnee Thai resembled my moms home cooking. I ordered pad woon sen, pad see ew, lad na. I'm a huge Thai critic because I'm always comparing Thai restaurants to my own mother and this place takes the cake. Every dish I ordered wasn't your Americanize Thai favorites like Pad Thai I ordered the Authentic stuff and WOW they amazed me. Service: 5/5 The service here is amazing, we had a women waitress and she reminded me a lot of my own mother. Even though it was super loud from the Karaoke and the cheering she was still really attentive. Kept asking if we were doing okay, refilling our drinks etc. Karaoke: 3/5 Depending who's singing, you can either have someone really bad singing or someone really good singing. But there's live karaoke and everyone has to listen while they're eating. Not my cup of tea, I can handle loud restaurants but being forced to listen to someone who absolutely should not be karaoke singing is super annoying. But most of the time people are usually cheering, clapping or dancing just having a good time.Parking: 4/5 The place shares a small parking lot with a couple of other businesses which makes parking spaces limited, usually if you don't go during peak dinner hours you should be able to find parking.
4	We were out late and decided to give Marnee another shot. It's been a few years since we have eaten here, I was not overly impressed the first time , I think if I were yelping back then I would have given it 2 1/2 stars. It would have been lower if I factored in the dreadful karaoke.                            This time when we walked in there was just one table occupied , not a good sign, but no karaoke either ,good sign. :)     We had the pad see ew with chicken loved it very fresh tasting and flavorful.     Beef panang was really good the sauce was med thickness the beef tender.     Stuffed chicken wings were alright , just avg.          We also had the prik something it had green beans and we chose pork as our meat very good .   All the dishes were plated nicely.         We ordered all our dishes med heat , but to me it was a little spicy. but I might be a sissy ,  Service was excellent !!!
4	I love their papaya salad! The service is good here. The server is nice and friendly. Will be back for sure :) the reason I gave 4 star because of the atmosphere is sad.
5	This place rocks, we have been here a few times, in the past, but had move on to newer places, but out late tonight, we wanted something spicy and drove by.  We decided to try it again, and I am very glad we did.I know we had the beef panang a very good choice, we had stuffed chicken wings which I thought were just a little dry, but the pad kea mow, with green beans and pork, was very spicy and made our meal.Service was excellent, the food was good, as for karaoke, it fell silent tonight, instead directly above our table, a big flat screen with a concert of David Foster and his guests.  It was enjoyable, but seem it would have been better sitting different table.
4	You can't beat their lunch specials! $5.00 for a large portion and as always everything I have had here is very good. I personally like their Pad Thai chicken.  About the only complaint I have is their lack of consistency in heat. Some times. 10's a 10, and sometimes it's a 5.
4	Since moving to Vegas one thing I've heard of is that we have 24 Hour or at least late night Thai places. Well after walking all over First Friday at the Arts District and then Fremont Street I was hungry, and it's late. And there's nothing at home to really eat. What to do? It's the Yelp app to the rescue! A quick search has me running to my car at the El Cortez and then heading off to Spring Mountain Road as finally I'm going to try a late night Thai place. I ended up picking Marnee Thai based on reviews by Ric H, Nelson, Arvin, and Misti Y.. When you have those heavy hitters recommending a place you can't go wrong, and they lead me to a late night Thai happy place. I walked in to of all things Thai Karaoke with a squealing microphone and an amplifier set to 11. Once they fixed the mic the volume didn't drop but the singing was actually pretty good. Including myself there were two other non-Thai people there but I didn't feel uncomfortable, in fact the service here was spot on and very good. (Yep service with a smile wins me over again). Ok, enough of the lead up, it's a dang review, what about the food? It's late, I'm in an area I'm not familiar with, why not push my comfort zone a bit further? Panang Curry, with chicken of course and brown rice was outside my comfort zone as I haven't tried Thai curry yet. I order and my anxiety level goes up. Will I like it? I worried for nothing. Oh man, did I place the right order! While I wish it had a bit more chicken in it, the curry I had was very flavorful, and I loved it. LOVED IT. I gotta go back and try a few more things but I already know they're on my late night list of places I can go. And since they have some "Chinese" type dishes like orange chicken I can bring others who are not quite as adventurous or wanting to push their food experiences. 4 Rock Solid Stars. Damn, why did I wait so long to try curries? (I'm kicking myself in the rear for my fear of the unknown problem that I'm working hard to overcome!)Oh and one last thing. They asked me about spice...how hot do I want it, and they got it right. Only Penn's Thai House has done that for me, usually places don't bring the heat even when you ask.
4	Ordered something from the midnight special menu.  I can't read Thai.Definitely an interesting spot to eat at especially on karaoke night.  It can get pretty loud so be prepared to turn the dial on your hearing aid down a few notches.
2	Called in a take out order from Marnee several weeks ago and tried my standard Thai order of Spicy Basil Chicken Lunch Special.  First item of note was no brown rice.  I don't really dock restaurants for this but it's still worth mentioning.  When I arrived 10-15 minutes later I walked into a nearly empty restaurant.   I then was nicely asked to have a seat and waited 4-5 minutes for my meal.  It doesn't really bother me if I walk into a busy restaurant and have to wait a few extra minutes, but I didn't really understand where the holdup could have been in this instance.When I got back to the office I thought the meal looked pretty standard, which is not a bad thing since it's one of my favorite dishes.  The egg roll seemed soggier than I'm used to, probably because they had it in the same takeout container with the rest of the food.  It also seemed a little overcooked which with combined with the sogginess did not leave me satisfied.  The chicken basil was fine, but unspectacular, and the chicken itself was as I've described several times in other reviews that not quite finely ground and not quite nicely sliced, but instead it seemed like clumsily cut up pieces of chicken.  I did notice a lot of positive reviews mentioned late night dining which I could see being a big bonus.  Unfortunately I'm scared of the dark and have to be tucked in by 10pm.   If a Thai place was open near me at 2am I'd probably sleepwalk there though.  I think a year or two ago I would have probably still found this a 3 star meal because the flavors weren't awful, but with the amount of Thai restaurants I've tried since then, I've got to rank it against the others and thereby it only gets a 2 from me.
4	This place was pretty good, my mother took me here when I was in Vegas with a big group of friends. They have some good entree's. The service I couldn't really say much since it was early in the morning and we were the only table there.
1	My two sons and I are Thai food lovers.  We went to Marnee Thai for dinner this evening.  I just wanted to let you all know how horrible it was!  The service was so so, but the Panang Currry and Chicken Curry were TERRIBLE.  There was hardly any chicken in the dishes, and the sauces were thin and runny with zero flavor.  There are so many wonderful Thai restaurants in our valley. Please do not waste your time or money on this one!!  Our favorites are:  David Wong's Pan Asian, Prommares, Werra Thai and Baan Mai Toy.
4	There's nothing like a little Thai Coffee before a long drive back to Phoenix.  This is one of The Better Half's favorite places for Thai Coffee.  The Thai Coffee is only $2.75.  We get it to go and then head out on the road back to Phoenix.Return Factor - 80%
3	Just meh. Ordered chicken satay and yellow curry chicken to go. the place was empty and my order was made quickly. but the flavors were just meh.
4	Marnee thai use to be a local hang out spot, great food and great karaoke! But over the years it lost its touch. I don't know if its new management but it hasn't been the same. Use to be popular among the local thai population, I remember getting wasted here a few times haha the good times. I went back recently to give it another try, the food was above average.We order lard nah, papaya salad(lao style) ka nah moo kop(chinese brocoli with 3 layer pork) and tom yum goong. Didn't really enjoy the papaya salad but tom yum goong was still delicious and ka nah moo gob was also good but for some reason its missing somthing haha. I was hungry that day so I tore it up still. The service was good as usuall like at most thai restaraunt.
3	We came here on a Monday evening and ordered 1. Chicken pad thai 8.992. Chicken green curry 8.993. white rice for $22- Chinese and Thai restaurant. Had to try it.- Nice little stage for performances. - Friendly service. We were the only patrons at the time. They were eating dinner and from time to time, would help serve us. While eating, we were watching their family slide shows on TV. - Food came to us in less than 10 mins. We were hungry, and that was great!- Pad thai had a bit too much flavoring, almost too much orange coloring. First time I had a waitress ask us, 'how hot would you like it'. - Medium is pretty spicy. - Rather than chicken, Beef and shrimp cost more money. -  Green curry could use a bit more coconut, and more chicken. Good amount of bamboo. - Spice rack was old and not fresh. Peppers were soft and almost empty. - We got our rice for free! - Kinda slow at picking up check.- For the price, I think it was pretty good. Usually when we get this combination of food we end up spending around $25-30.
3	The food was not as authentic as I thought it should be. The curry seemed too watery. All the flavors were there, it was just the consistancy that wasn't. What was authentic were the people. There was karaoke going on and a small stage to perform on. This place is ok.
3	Little disapointed this time, food seem a bit rushed, less flavor and service was slow.  My husband and I love Thai and it's usually pretty good here, so perhaps it was what we ordered. We started with the stuffed chicken wings, inside was pork, they are fried and served with a sweat chili sauce. They were good.  Our yellow curry was just okay, potatoes were a bit small, and mushy, I didn't enjoy it as much, the phad prik khing with pork was good but it was just kinda blah with flavors. Maybe my taste buds were blah today, will cont to go back, but with so many Thai it'll be a while.
1	Didn't answer the phone the first time. The second time they answered to tell me they were closed, despite me calling at 1pm which is during their business hours.I'll spend my money else where.
