1	Located inside and upstairs this place recalls the glory days of college dining halls.Ugh... I think my omelet stayed with me all day. Something like 15 hours of energy from the grease of gross of my omelet... Blech.3.49 cent strajk and eggs, if you're a member of the rewards club...Otherwise its 7.99.Skip it....
2	I was a longtime customer of this restaurant and have gone through several changes of management.The current menu is limited but the best choice is the filet mignon. The food is good but they sometimes forget to completely finish the the order.However the current staff needs some work. The host is completely clueless. The chef cannot remember you from one week to next as he visits each table (even after months of patronage0.. The wait staff makes minor but annoying mistakes.I used to go every week but I don't think I will go back for a while
4	The Yukon Grille is a classy, sort of old fashion dining experience.  The chef comes out and greets you before you are waited on, and your food is brought to you on carts as opposed to a waiter struggling with 10  burning plates in his hands.  The atmosphere is also very peaceful and quiet.The food IMO is excellent.  The dinner salad is simple, refreshing, and not overpowering.  I highly recommend the New York steak and the ribs.  However, I have heard that the pasta dishes leave something to be desired.  Also, do not leave without getting dessert.  They do a table side bananas foster and cherries jubilee which they prepare in front of you (nice presentation and tastes delicious!), and they also have cheesecake served with a seasonal fruit and fruit sauce that has a nice, refreshing flavor.  (perfect for neutralizing the palate after a large dinner.)-Aaron, I don't think you ate at the Yukon Grille.  They don't even have anything on the menu that is $3.49 or $7.99, nor do they serve steak with eggs.  I think you confused Yukon Grille for another restaurant inside Arizona Charlies. (The other restaurants, excluding Yukon Grille, are terrible.)  BTW, the place is only open fri - sun from 5pm-10pm.
4	I came here for a company dinner and had a really lovely time. I ordered the lobster tail and it came with rice and green beans. I thought everything was really good. I did have two co-workers of mine order the surf and turf with the steak cooked medium rare. They both said it was a little on the "leathery" side. The service was fantastic! Other than that, my only other complaint was that it was really warm inside. However, i'd recommend this restaurant :)
3	Reasonable Prices for Average Food. Restaurant (like most other competing Vegas Locals Casinos) seems to mainly cater to older local patrons using Comps. We had a Reservation for 7:00 pm on a Saturday. The dining room had one other party. As we left another party arrived, however the place was empty. The light were turned up brightly. The table setting did not include a Butter Knife. The Bread basket was a mixture plus three different butters, The cracker bread was good, the rest was below average, We ordered two shrimp cocktails ( $ 8.00 for 4 Shrimp ) , the shrimp were large, however tough from overcooking and dry from sitting around for a while. The French Onion Soup was very good and the Lobster Bisque was OK. The Beef Stroganoff came in a gigantic dish, however the sauce was bland , the pasta was out of a box and the meat was low quality. The Steak Diane was a huge cut of good beef, cooked as ordered and again a bland boring sauce. For dessert we tried the Cheesecake and Double Chocolate fudge cake. These Items make this place worth stopping for. Just Order Dessert and Coffee. Friendly service at moderate prices. Your Players Card will get you a discount.
3	This restaurant is great for people that live steak or sea food. I am only giving it 4 stars because of the great service and the quality of food. I am not a huge fan of meat and i do not eat sea food but came here on a family diner and every one loved their food. The waiter, Tom was his name i believe was very helpful and took care of my picky-eater requests and didnt make me feel weird about it. We spend a good $350 dollars so it is a bit pricey for 5 people but they ordered Escargot, Oysters and Lobster so it was expected. The cheesecake was also delicious! Even though its not my thing, i would recommend this place.
5	definetly the best shrimp scampi I've ever had. We make a point of going to Yukon Grill for those "special" occasions, very beautiful setting, excellent service and love getting our visit from the chef. I agree that the first review was NOT for the Yukon Grill and had to be for the cafe.
4	I've been coming here for years, and for the most part it is that rarest of birds - a restaurant that has actually improved over time, where most tend to go downhill. Full disclosure: I gamble here so I get comped a lot, so I don't really actually pay, but it's still priced favorably to most hotel steakhouses. The atmosphere is warm, seating is comfortable, the hostess is so friendly and while some servers are more skilled than others, I've never had a bad one. As far as the menu, it has gone through a lot of modifications, and for the most part, the current one is a great improvement, especially in the appetizer category. That used to be their weakest link, but both the coconut shrimp and oysters rockefeller are delicious; they also serve a variety of preparations of prawns, which are huge but tend to be rubbery. I would stick with the aforementioned shrimp. The salads are nice and dressing is always served on the side (bonus), but this is one area where new isn't better. They really cut back on the size and ingredients in the salads and resorted to plastic cups for the dressing, a no-no for a steakhouse.  Also, they used to serve a nice assortment of breads with different spreads, and now it's boring, dry rolls with plain butter. Too bad. I really liked the other stuff. On the plus side: the chef actually cooks your steak as ordered! Yay! I love rare meat and when  ordered it under the old regime, I resigned myself to pink.  MY BF's medium well always looked pretty identical to mine. Also, their desserts used to be pretty weird, but they're better now and they always have a few flavors of Haagen daz so you don't need to starve.They also have monthly specials which are around $20 - 25, include dessert, and are cheaper on Thurs. and Sun. You also get a discount with your player's card.
4	Just to let you know because these things are important: made a trip here recently and the coconut shrimp was gone from the menu! You b@$+@&#$! However, they do offer a new bacon-wrapped option, which we didn't try because we were too busy stuffing our maws with the baked brie en croute (delish)!. Also, the plastic dressing cups have been replaced with more appropriate ceramic ones. I'd upgrade them half a star but you can't, so we'll call this a push. Bring back that coconut shrimp, please!
4	I love it here. The staff is friendly and attentive. Homey feel, not stuffy. The food is always skillfully crafted and delicious. Decent wine selection with fair pricing. Full bar. Tonight, Makers Manhattan. Desserts. They look good, but I'm always too full. Kind of old school Las Vegas with local charm.
5	great food , good atmosphere and all at a  reasonable price.  Have had many good dinners there.
4	Came here last night unexpectedly.They have a $19.99 NY Steak and Shrimp "fall special"..the rolls were warm and fresh so was the salad..the toppings for the baked potato were AWESOME.The steak was small but it was good..I will be coming back again for sure..Giving it a 4 star because i wasnt impressed with the dessert
