2	I really should give this place a break since it is opening day but with a chain should there really be growing pains? Dickie's is a national chain with tens of stores.. should they be out of pulled pork? Potato Salad? Dirty tables and condiment area? Should the staff be rough around the edges? You know them not having pulled pork is like McDonald's being out of Big Macs!Eating here lead to more questions then it did answers. Why were the ribs like jerky? Or the beef brisket moist tender and juicy? The food was just all over the place in terms of its preparation. There was a very steady stream of customers who seemed very happy that they were open. Of course I had a cloud above my head and wondered why a chain with so many stores was so off?Not sure if there will be a repeat visit anytime soon.. perhaps in a few weeks or months they will get it all 'pulled' together? Ouch!
2	A big let down.Lacking any good BBQ spots near the Scottsdale Rd. / Shea area, I was excited to try Dickie's when I saw it had opened.  I gathered a couple meat-eating co-workers and headed over for lunch.I got the three meat plate, two sides for $10.99.  Not a bad price for BBQ, I figured.  Not a bad price, that is, if it's GOOD bbq... this was not good.  First their meat portions were tiny compared to what I get at Cooper's BBQ in Gilbert.  Second, the meats did not have a good, bbq'd taste, they were plain and frankly, the brisket was kind of gross.  The side of beans were so-so and the fries definitely tasted "fast-foodsy", if that makes sense... they had that weird, added crap on them.  Third, their BBQ sauce was VERY watery and pretty much sucked.  Fourth, they only had one size drink, this mammoth 32-oz yellow cup made of hard plastic.. not very enviro. friendly, or cost effective i'd imagine.  Then they punish the water drinkers by providing a little dixie cup.This place sucks and I should have known going to a chain-bbq spot was a bad idea, but I just had to try it.  Note for gluten-free eaters, their BBQ sauce is gluten-free.
1	I have now been to both of the places named Dickeys in the greater Phoenix area.One, Dickies Dogs out in North Scottsdale would occasionally get my retox business, when we lived out that way...they were close to DC Ranch and close to the DC Ranch Village, so it made getting a hot dog easy enough:)Then people started throwing dynamite through the windows of Dickies Dogs in the middle of the night in a misguided attempt at extreme restaurant critiquing:)I quit going to Dickies Dogs when the possibility of getting fragged reared its ugly head!I'm thinking the guerilla critic might have been guilty of a case of mistaken identity (as well as multiple Class A federal felonies:(While Dickies Dogs made serviceable hot dogs, you really can't say the same about the "barbecue" from Dickeys Pit.I met a friend at Dickeys Pit yesterday for lunch and a business meeting...from the moment I walked in, I just sort of knew it was not going to go well for Dickeys Pit:(I took a look at the somewhat limited menu, while I sniffed in vain for the slightest hint of wood smoke in the air.Then I read their menu more closely.When they talk about how they make their "barbecue" at Dickeys, they talk about how they "cook" their meats "on the pit" overnight...wait a minute...that's not barbecue!I walked around to the side of the counter and saw the stainless steel "pit", over which they "cook" the meat...oh crap?!?!?At any rate, I was there and I was starving (power yoga and no breakfast make for an empty boy:) so I went ahead and ordered the pulled pork sandwich with "barbecue" beans.They brought out my sandwich, which had been "cooked on the pit"...sliced pork shoulder (not pulled pork) without so much as a hint of smoke, served with watery beans that had more in common with bean soup than with real barbecue beans...except without the flavor of good bean soup:(They have serve yourself barbecue sauce and I got regular and spicy sauce (the sweet sauce was almost like candy:(...and I slathered the spicy on my sandwich in an unsuccessful effort to get some flavor into the meat.It was just a sliced pork sandwich with second rate barbecue sauce poured over the top...it wasn't barbecue, pit or otherwise and it wasn't good:(The place is clean, modern, family friendly, pretty cheap and completely without redeeming value when it comes to the food they serve.I think the mysterious Mad Dickies Bomber might just have had the wrong Dickeys!
1	We were starving and it was the only reasonably priced place open at 9:30pm in Northern Scottsdale.  The brisket was edible and the sides were mediocre.
1	I'm not going to say that I absolutely know what I'm talking about when it comes to BBQ.  I will simply list my credentials. Born in Utah where a mix of BBQ exists, mostly commercial type fare and some pit type of stuff I then moved to Cincinnati where a whole different breed of BBQ extists.  Tangy sweet sauce, fruity and tart, some boiled meat, some smoked.  I then moved to Florida where Southern BBQ rules, lots of smoke, multitudes of sauce choices in one sitting: Sweet, Hot, Spicy/Sweet, Mustard, smokey, a selection of heaven on one table with lots of smoke and rub to complete things.  On to North Carolina where the sauce is light and vinegar-y, more of a salad dressing than a "sauce" but delicious all the same, the pulled pork topped with sauce and some tangy coleslaw.  In Chicago we eat BBQ at Coopers, hearty sauce and crisp from the grill, the ribs there are intense and flavorful, different from the south and from Cincinnati but delicious all the same.  Roadside BBQ pits in FL, GA, TN and TX have been some of my favorites that I can't name.  I like to think that I have some experience in BBQ since it is a food I love like mad.So we've covered what I know from the past.  This is what I know now: This place sucks.  Tasteless and bland and as my husband mentioned "weird", this "BBQ" was both overpriced and beyond grisly.  We both had the ribs and the brisket, both were boiled and I'm fairly certain all the flavor was tossed out with the water.  The brisket was so fatty that we didn't eat it.  The ribs were the texture of semi-melted wax chips without much meat on them.  I'm fairly certain they just mashed potatoes and added coloring and some red pepper and called it potato salad, there was no flavor to that either.  We will never go back.  I really hate giving one star to any place, but honestly, this place ranks about 0 stars.  Rank, that about describes it.
2	Not really sure how to rate this place. I mean its ok but I have had better. Maybe its because I have gone close to closing each time and I am getting what is left but hey it is what it is. The polish sausage was good as well and the bread was nice and warm. Oh and they do give you free ice cream. You will have to judge for yourself on this one.  Its not my favorite bbq place as the portions are kinda small and its just lacking a certain something that I can't quite put my finger on.
1	Giving 1 star is truly being generous.If you want real BBQ, please try Shane's Rib Shack, Stacy's Smokehouse, Famous Daves, Bobby Qs, hell try my boyfriend's BBQ.I'm sorry to be so blunt.  I'm thinking the people that frequent this place has never had real BBQ or there aren't that many options in North Scottsdale.
1	When the owner of the franchise has the customer service skills of an angry ape, it's no suprise fellow yelpers are down on this place. Purchased food through the drive through a while back and the order was filled incorrectly. So went back to the store, and after dealing with the manager just wanted a refund. He refused to provide a refund because he said we were rude. Ended up leaving food at the counter and walking out the store. Not worth the time, maybe Dickie's corporate will take it back.
3	I apparently went to alternate-world Dickie's because I liked their BBQ just fine. We chose Dickie's because last year I had tasted their BBQ at the Scottsdale culinary festival... their stand had a super long line and it one of the more popular stands I saw. We ordered Dickie's take out for our Super Bowl party and got a variety of dishes and sides including pulled pork BBQ, sausage, brisket, rolls, cole slaw, beans, and more. I made myself mini sandwiches with the rolls (nice, soft bread), pulled pork, a mix of regular and spicy BBQ sauce, and some cole slaw. I didn't try the sausage or brisket, so can't comment on that. Everyone at the party said they really enjoyed the food.  I would agree that the actual restaurant left a lot to be desired. I think I'll stick to take-out. Maybe I just like anything doused in BBQ sauce?  Maybe we got lucky? Not as good as Dave's Famous BBQ or Texas Roadhouse, but still very decent.
2	For a quick bit of BBQ at lunch this is OK - It's a tiny step up from most fast food. I'm not a huge fan of their side orders, but the beef brisket is decent, as is their spicy bbq sauce, which I drowned it in. Good inexpensive place to bring little kids who are new to BBQ.
3	Woooo, doggies buckaroos and buckarettes!  Texas barbecue is back in Scottsdale.  With the closing of El Paso Barbecue (Damn the economy!) I've been jonesing for some good ol' TexBBQ.How is TexBBQ different than others?  Mainly, we ain't much for puttin' rubs on the meat.  Salt 'n' pepper the stuff and slap it on the pit; smoke it and eat it.  Anywho, I was sittin' here at the house and in walks the BF with two bags of Dickie's To Go.  Pulled pork.  Smoked turkey.  Macshells und cheeze.  And holy of all holys, fried okra.  The pulled pork was just right.  Not overly smokey.  No fat in sight.  Not pre-sauced.  Hog heaven folks, hog heaven.  The smoked turkey, though, needs help.  Its juicy consistency was on the "sliced deli" side of the spectrum.  And it just plain wasn't smoky enough.  Real smoked turkey is smokey, smokey and not a whole helluva lotta moisture.  Reload and fire again, Dickies boys.Macshells und cheez was a little creamier than I liked it, and needed more cheeze but a tidge of salt cured what ailed it.  I liked the fried okra and am grateful for a source for it.  With fried okra there's no gray area.  You either like/love it or you hate it.  I love it.  (My Momma's fried okra is coated in cornmeal, salt 'n' peppered; and the cornmeal splits and some of it chars and the rest is brown as a berry.  Folks, it's like eatin' popcorn!  I'll stop there.  I'm makin' myself miserable.  Momma and Momma's fried okra are back in Texas.).  Anywho, Dickie's version needs a dash of salt just after it's taken outta the fryer.  For a treat, kiddies, sprinkle some parmesan cheese over your fried okra.  Yeah, I know puttin' parmesan on it is like puttin' a tux on a frog, but everything needs to go steppin' out up every once in awhile. And Mr. Clark, I'm givin' Dickie's a solid three stars.  It's gotta good beat and it's easy to dance to.  Check it out and chow down.
4	I like this place for fast BBQ.  I always get the pulled pork and the baked potato casserole.  Their rolls are terrific too.  They have 3 different kinds of sauce in self-serve warmers.  I prefer the sweet.  They also have free ice cream cones for after your dinner.  On Sundays, kids eat free.  I can feed my family of 5 for under $30 and that is with drinks.
2	Let me preface this review by first saying that I am by NO MEANS a barbecue expert. I like what I like, and I don't like what tastes like crap ;)My boyfriend and I were having my parents over to his place for their first time, so we wanted to get their favorite - good ol' bbq! Unfortunately, I was not very impressed with Dickey's. We ordered one of their family packs which is definitely a good deal for the money. I believe we paid $40 to feed 5 people - not bad! The XL family meal came with 2 orders of ribs, bbq brisket, macaroni and cheese, baked beans, coleslaw, and bread. The only good part of the meal was the ribs, bread, and brisket. I didn't care for the bbq sauce, because it was a bit runny for me (I like really thick, syrupy sauce!) The beans and coleslaw were decent, but the macaroni and cheese was terrible. I LOVE a good macaroni and cheese, but this was a disaster. VERY bland and very boring. As far as the service goes, I took the food to go and the wait time was decent. I definitely backed up the line when picking up my order, and I think they could have been more efficient. Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be going back to Dickey's. A bad mac and cheese is a deal breaker in my book!
3	We went here on a Sunday afternoon and they weren't too busy. Sunday is when the kids eat free, so we were happy.  The food was great, maybe not the ambience of a Kansas City smoke house, but good BBQ none the same.  Try the pull pork, sausages or brisket.  Enjoy!
1	My wife and I looked forward to eating here for weeks. We decided to get one of our favorites tonight, bbq pork ribs. Let me say... extremely disapointed! Neither one of us would recommend this place.
4	Fried onion rings on my salad??? These people know how to make this girl happy!This is my 1st visit to a Dickie's, it looks like it's right out of OKC. Instead of our traditional salsa bar they have a "sauce bar" complete with 4 flavors and an ICE CREAM MACHINE!Yes, I ordered the Smokehouse Salad in a BBQ place. They were kind enough to substitute chicken for brisket and it was all white moist breast meat on fresh crisp romaine.  Very nice. Came with a delicious, albeit unhealthy white roll slathered in butter. I'd come back!
2	Is it better than your average fast food place? Yes. Is it the best BBQ ever? No way! But Dickeys food is decent. Food is cheap Ribs and pulled pork are good, rolls and okra- darn good. Went in the other day because I didn't want to cook, and after watching "Super Size Me'" about a month ago, I stay away from the obvious "fast food" restaurants completely. So, craving some red meat I went to Dickeys for take out because it was close and I figured their food wouldn't be as processed as McD's- seriously that movie gave me nightmares. The staff was super friendly, the football game was on TV., the food was done quickly- giving me enough time to make myself a root beer float and watch AZ lose in OT- :( For 3 of us I ordered the ribs, the turkey, coleslaw, mac and cheese, fried okra, potato casserole, and 2 rolls. When I got home I was disappointed to see that the turkey looked like processed poo on a plate. Really guys- picture slimy poo on a plate-it was that gross! I refused to taste it, and everyone else was brave enough to at least try it, only to decide they couldn't eat more than 1 bite- but the dog thought it was delicious. Never tried the potato casserole because Dickeys forgot to pack it. The mac and cheese was gross! I'm not a salt person, but it definitely needed salt and pepper to give it flavor and the macaroni was over cooked to that gross slimy noodle consistency. So, the 3 of us shared 4 ribs, okra, and an individual size coleslaw with 2 rolls- one person was hungry enough to go ahead and eat the mac and cheese even though he didn't like it. Dickeys would have gotten 1 star but the ribs and okra were pretty darn good and I made one hell of a root beer float while I was there. I may be seen in Dickeys again because I have a fondness for fried okra and I have tried their pulled pork Sandwiches before and liked it. But I will definitely check my takeout before I leave to make sure it is all there and I will never order the mac and cheese or processed turkey poo again.
2	I was driving by and saw this place so I decided to give it a try. I ordered the brisket sandwich. The meat was tender and quite tasty but all 3 of the BBQ sauces that they had were bad. I love good BBQ and to me and my husband, the sauce is a huge part of the meal. I'm sorry to say that we won't be going back anytime soon, even though the price was right.
2	This place is no big deal. I think if you want a change from fast food and want some quick BBq then this place might make you happy. If your hopping to find a great little BBq place that yoiu just cant wait to go back to forget it. Prices are not bad and they do have free ice cream which is always good in my book. I had acombo meal for $8.50. I chose pulled pork and beef brisket on my sanwich. The brisket was tender but no flavor and dry. The pulled pork was really dried out so you needed lots of bbq sauce. I did get two sides with this I got the mac n cheese. This was watery, cheese needed to be thicker. The waffel fries were ok but could have been cooked a little longer so they were crispy. Mabey it was a bad night that I stoped by but i dont think ill be commin back here.
1	i have been here several times and usually order the turkey by the pound, which is very good. Thought i would try the brisket, i have tried the brisket a couple of times and both times it was bland and boring. I always thought bbq brisket should be cooked slow roasted with amazing flavors, not at dickeys, reminds me of deli brisket. There is no char to the meat and no seasoning,  Wish there was a truly good bbq place here
5	I don't know why this place got such mediocre reviews?! I eat a lot of BBQ and have eaten it pretty much everywhere in the valley. I came here and got the usual pulled pork sandwich and potato salad. It was cheap...quite a bit cheaper than Scottsdale BBQ and a lot tastier. There is a Drive-thru here which I actually find awesome, so I can get quick BBQ lunches on the go...but it's still a sit down restaurant too. I've been here multiple times and always leave satisfied!
1	I would not consider Dickeys a BBQ spot for good food. There Brisket has no flavor and is cut on a machine instead of hand slice and not smoked or even well seasoned, if you are looking for good style BBQ this is not hte place. I have been all over this town looking for good BBQ, I know of a few but you have to travel to get there. Wish there was a good BBQ here in Scottsdale.
3	I remember coming here for the "Grand Opening" a few years back.... and I remember really loving the food. I have made the trip back a few times over the last 3 years... and each time have been a little more disappointed than the last. I went there for lunch yesterday after "selling" a co-worker on how good it was. I was sorta wrong! :(The prices have gone way up... and the quantity of the dish was way less than I remembered.And it was not overly good, or bad... just mediocre BBQ. And I can get that anywhere. I made a big deal of the free ice creme to my coworker.... and wouldn't you know it... the machine was OUT OF ORDER on our visit! Sorry Dickey's... I am not sure when I will be coming back.
5	To be hnonest, I have only eaten here a few times, but I ALWAYS use them for catering. Today was no different. Perfect in every way. Thank you Mitch(owner) for all of your hard work.  Great service, thank you!
3	Was getting my car washed next door and wanted to grab a bite to eat.  Since I love BBQ, this was an easy decision for me to give this place a shot.  After browsing the menu, I decided to try:4 oz BBQ Beef Brisket Sandwich, $4.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/z8Em-bhZI3Mmspml7tj6tg?select=Erry3muhVFQdFZQPCJRHzw2 oz Hot Link Sandwich, $3http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/z8Em-bhZI3Mmspml7tj6tg?select=qxTdcqqimxhFcmoW1Iyj9gI got them both "dressed", which means they give you Onions & Pickles on the side to put on the Sandwich.Next to the Soda Fountain, there are vats of Hot & Mild BBQ Sauce for self service.  I of course went for the Hot BBQ Sauce.The food is delivered to your table when it's ready.  I went for the Hot Link Sandwich first and didn't put any Hot BBQ Sauce on it so that I could taste the natural Spiciness of the Hot Link.....well, I was disappointed, it's not very hot at all.  Damn, the search for real BBQ Hot Link Sandwiches continues.Next, I went for the BBQ Beef Brisket Sammie.....I poured some Hot BBQ Sauce and added the Onions & Pickles to it.  It's not a bad Sandwich.....pretty good.  I thought the Bread was a bit blah....like grocery store Bread......a nice Italian or French Roll would have been better with it.  The Beef was tender and juicy and had a slightly smoky flavor to it.  I prefer it to have a bit more flavor to it, but like how they serve you the Sandwich dry and allow you to put your own BBQ Sauce on it.The Hot BBQ Sauce was pretty spicy......really enjoyed that a lot.Overall, it was a pretty good experience.Return Factor - 71%
4	yum!
2	We ordered take out from Dickey's this weekend.  I know the reviews weren't great but we have been desperate for BBQ so we thought we would get a variety of items - they couldn't all be bad, right?I had the two meat platter, sliced brisket and cheddar sausage, cole slaw and waffle fries.Just ok portion which worked out well since I didn't feel as guilty tossing it into the garbage.  Brisket was fatty and bland, the sausage - I'm not ready to discuss it yet, I'll update the review if I ever get the stomach to speak about it again.  Cole slaw had a nice taste but there was so much liquid in the container it looked like soup, waffle fries were pretty good.  Roll was soft and pale so I didn't bother and I was so grossed out after trying the meats stuffing dry squishy bread down my throat didn't seem to be a good idea.Husband had the ribs and gave them a "just ok".I gave it two stars because my sides were ok though I may never eat brisket again and I will burn rubber out of the parking lot of any restaurant that I ever see list cheddar sausage on their menu.  One thing for sure, I won't be eating at Dickey's again.
2	"Run of the mill food".We've been there twice since they opened.Nothing to get excited about.Its the kind of place you'll try every year ... to see if its improved.So far, it hasn't !When I want BBQ Ribs or Chicken .......I smoke my own .......Then finish them off, for 2 minutes on the gas bbq.
3	Very friendly and fast service, and they offer free soft serve!  The bbq itself is a bit pricey for the amount and quality you get though.  Although the bbq chopped brisket is one of their signature dishes, I found it was a bit too chopped for my liking, since the pieces of meat were very tiny which made it hard to eat.  They offer 3 different types of bbq sauce to go with your meal: original, sweet, or hot.  They all seem to originate from the same base, with a few extra ingredients added.
1	I used to believe that, just like there was no such thing as a bad day of golf (or fishing), there was no such thing as bad barbecue. Then, I went to Dickey's in Scottsdale. I was chased out of my house by a posse of women/children who wanted to watch Smurfs. I wanted to watch the Lions-Saints football game. Stacey's BBQ on Shea no longer has a television. I thought I'd try Dickey's Barbecue Pit. It ticks off my g/f when I eat barbecue. SHE listens to my cardiologist. I ordered half a rack of pork ribs, barbecue beans and iced tea.Dickey's must have pigs bred just for them. I've never seen pork ribs with so much fat on them. Most barbecue joints will brag about how their spare rib meat  falls off the bone. At Dickey's, the meat on these pork spare ribs hung on the bone like it was super-glued. There was no discernible rub on the ribs. In spite of asking for the barbecue sauce on the side, it was sweet barbecue sauce that was splashed on my ribs. The hot barbecue sauce (next to the soda machine) was tangy.Most barbecue joints brag about their iced tea. At Dickey's, I was handed a cup and pointed toward a soda machine. Shaved ice and Nestea. No lemons. The only lemonade available was Minute Maid diet. Blecch. The barbecue beans? If you like your barbecue beans mushy and bland, this is the place for you. I've had better beans that were poured out of a can. In sum, Dickey's is to barbecue what Earl Scheib's is to automobile paint jobs. My meal was everything barbecue was not supposed to be. The best part of my meal (besides leaving) was the yellow plastic cup. No one could get me in these doors again, not for love or money. Stacey's: PLEASE get a new television.
4	Great Barbecue and laid back atmosphere. Fries are to die for and the rest of the sides are also delicious. Their sauce is the best. Free ice cream to boot.
2	Dickey's is nothing to call home about.  The pulled pork sandwich didn't even come with barbecue sauce.  The sides were bland.  Nothing special at all.
2	I would have to agree with most of the reviews for Dickeys...I got what I thought was a great lunch deal....a brisket sandwich with 1 side and a drink for $6.00.The bread was ick...nothing at all special , the meat was dry and VERY bland with 2 tiny rings of onion and 2 small pickle slices....if it wasent for the average bbq sauce I would have tossed the sandwich and learned where NOT to go for BBQ!I chose cole slaw as my side which like the brisket was bland and nothing to speak of.  One  of the people in my party had mac and cheese...."can you say boring"?Althought another person got the "baked potatoe casserole" as a side which was actually really good..... in fact I would say it was the best thing I tasted there.A nice perk is the mini ice cream cone you make yourself.....especially when you put it in a cup and add Root beer!   Dickeys is the closest BBQ place to me and yet I would rather go without or take a drive to the next closest place.Food is s personal preference and I am the most PICKEY person I know and the only reason I would go back is to get some more of that potatoe casserole!You decide....and in the meantime....Bon Appetite'
1	I came here with my family to have some classic BBQ.  I had purchased a Google Offer and wanted to experience and savor some true Southern cuisine.  Not a chance.  I placed the order for everybody and whipped out my phone.  The cashier refused to take my coupon.  He insisted that it be printed, not scanned from the phone.  I told him that the number on the phone will link me with the coupon and we can all be happy.  He called his manager and I got the same story.  Finally, the let me talk to the owner, he gave me the same story.Meanwhile, at noon on a Saturday the staffing consisted of one person taking drive in orders AND walk in orders.  I have absolutely no idea what the manager and owner do (except reject coupons from customers).  The line was through the door and people were leaving because of it.I did not try the food, but looking at the other ratings, may it was an omen that we ended up having a great meal across the street at Butterfield's.  How this place survives???? I cannot answer that one.Avoid -
2	It was like a real outdoor bbq, complete with flies everywhere. Only problem, we were sitting inside! Gross. Food was okay but I was too grossed out by the flies. Won't return. Doubt this place will last.
4	Good stuff.... I always have more sides than I should. ( mac and cheese is awesome) quick and tastey place for lunch.
1	Dickey's catered our sister's surprise birthday party, and boy to our surprise they're serving portions were for 6 yrs. We paid over seven hundred dollars to feed 55 people, which 4 were children. We were lucky that all our guests didn't show up, because we were out of food with only feeding 45. Like I said , the 4 children were included in the 45. For the meat a serving size is 4 oz. I thought a person on a diet got to eat 4 oz. of meat. NOT INPRESSED AT ALL.
1	If I could give a big ZERO, I would. Last night my husband and I visited because we were craving BBQ. Usually we make the 30 minute drive to Chandler to go to Rudy's BBQ which is from Texas, but last night we were too tired. I ordered the brisket. It was grey and absolutely dry. The spicy beans were cold and the food plainly... sucked. My husband ordered their chicken sandwich. It was nothing special. A couple chopped up chicken pieces and bbq sauce. Totally disappointing!! I can not understand how this place stays in business, If you want GREAT BBQ, go to Rudys!!!!!!
2	I ordered the two meat plate, brisket and pulled pork, the pork was a low average and the two SMALL slices of Dry Brisket really Sucked.My wife ordered the smoked turkey, it was a Processed Turkey Roll that was also dry.That was my second time at this Dickeys and was Definitely the last.If you want Texas barbecue this is NOT it!
1	I have been too many Dickys around the country they have a pretty decent barbecue for a chain restaurant, except this one. They over cook things all the time, so they are dry and tasteless and try to cover it up with BBQ sauce, well guys that does not work on anyone with taste buds. This is one of the worst run restaurants I have ever come across. The owner is obnoxious, rude and makes you feel like you are doing him a favor by coming in and spending money at his restaurant. You would think the Owner after reading all of these HORRIBLE reviews would try to do something about it but obviously he is a LAZY business owner and will put himself out of business soon enough. Yes you owner you have a 2 STAR rating out of 5, that is 40% that is an F in any book. This location is dirty and always has lots flies in it. Even worse four of us went there for dinner we all got sick. The following day I called and spoke to the owner or manager and basically they said too bad so I called their corporate office and they said someone from that store or area supervisor would be contacting me and making things right. I have called back 3 times since my initial call, well that was 2/15/13 and now it is 5/11/13 and still no contact back. If the Corporate office at Dickeys cant see this store is killing their "Brand" they deserve to go out of business. Wish I could give -1 stars.
1	Horrible service, mediocre food at best.  The place is extremely dirty and the lunch wait is too long.
4	Dropped in here today with the family, was glad to find out they have a kids eat free on Sunday. All the different things we tried were: Pulled Pork, Hot Links, Sliced Brisket, Fries, Jalepano Beans, Cole Slaw, Potatoe Casserole, and Onion Rings. My Family and I enjoyed all the food. We did not have any problem with the customer service. I would come back.
2	The brisket was dry.  The green beans were bland.  The baked beans were watery.  My daughter thought it was soup. The brisket sandwich was okay. Mac and cheese good.  Fried okra was decent.  The sandwich and one side and drink was $8Would  I go back?  No.
3	I love BBQ but this place is less than average. The bathrooms sure could use a deep cleaning too!
4	Meal was tasty and service was blazing fast. Portions were reasonable for the price. restroom was clean.
5	Great BBQ. You get a lot of food for your money! Great friendly service too.Like their cup says. Lip smackn, finger lickn ... Mmmm good. My family and I will be back for sure!
2	We were craving BBQ but were too lazy to make our way to Bobby Q. MAJOR MISTAKE. The brisket and the ribs were adequate but the portion sizes for the meats were small. The chicken and turkey both looked and tasted processed. The side dishes were uninspired, with the mac and cheese being mushy and tasting like it came out of a box. The area around the beverages and BBQ sauces was absolutely filthy and all the cutlery had to be wiped down before we could use it.Adding insult to injury, no one told us that there was complimentary ice cream for customers- we discovered that as we were leaving (for the first and last time I might add)!
3	The food is pretty good but staff is totally clueless I asked if they were St. Louis or baby backs and the chef didn't even know what kind of ribs they sell he could only tell me they were pork ribs.Train your staff dickies......
5	I had a party of 20 catered by Dickies. Everyone loved the food the brisket was so moist and tender, pulled pork was fantastic, the beans were great,  the loaded mashed potatoes were a hit . We had coleslaw also that had a perfect amount of sweetness and tang. We will order from them again . A thumbs up experience. Thank You
4	Being a good ole boy from the South, BBQ rates pretty high up the ladder for me. I've been wanting to try out this new Q joint for a while. Today was the day. Being greeted by the yummy smell of hickory smoke was a welcome to get my experience started. My mouth instantly started watering like one of Pavlov's dogs. The restaurant is clean and the staff seemed friendly enough. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich, knowing this is one of the mainstays any BBQ joint worth their salt is graded on. The meat is delicious, although I expected a little more smoke flavor. My only criticism is that the portion of meat actually on the bun was significantly less than expected. Being able to see the bottom bun due to sparse meat was not a welcome sign. Hopefully I just caught the bubba's sleeping in the portion arena. Overall, it was a great sandwich and I will be back the next time I'm too lazy to smoke my own!  I reckon next time I'll have the ribs or some brisket. Thanks y'all.
2	This was the first time and probably the last time going to Dickey BBQ. I heard some good commits so I tried it. The ribs were dry and the potatoes casserole tasted like boxed mash potatoes and the green bean and bacon was just bland.
1	You've missed breakfast, you're busy all morning going from place to place, you're about to miss lunch, as a matter of fact your feeling a bit light headed, and as you're driving down Shea Blvd. you see Dickey's Barbecue Pit.  Ya think, I've gotta stop or I'm going to pass out at the wheel.  Good idea?  Let's see.Look's ok from the outside.  Walking in I realize the place is appropriately named.  Seems a bit dirty; a table of construction workers sit in one side of the pit while a lone businessman sits on the other.  It's lunchtime right?  I go to the counter where a man and a woman employee are talking.  I wait and wait...I don't want to be rude, I know they see me, I think they understand that I'm a potential customer.  Already I'm getting this feeling that I'm interrupting something, but hey I'm starving, how bad can it be.REAL BAD!  The meat was cold, the mac cheese was gross, and the fried okra was actually good, explains why the plate was full of it.  I ate the cold meat, and as much okra as I could without feeling stuffed, there was a good serving left on the plate.  I merely touched the mac whatever it was, I later felt sick from that mere touch and now I'm still having nightmares about it.Without a doubt it was the worst meal I've ever had, and I've had many, many bad ones.  Definite waste of eleven bucks, I don't see me going back anytime soon.
3	Was looking for a quick brisket sandwich and headed to Dickey's. The brisket was average, but the the staff was weird. No one was at the drive thru and I went in. There were several Spanish speaking employees kind of wandering around and finally(after about 5 minutes of standing around) a white guy finally took my order. The brisket was passable, but the experience was not good.
1	This is my second time in and honestly I'm not even sure why I came back after my last experience. The first time I ordered food from here the meat was super dry so I just smothered it in the spicy bbq sauce (which was actually good!). This time the food was not even warm/lukewarm. Not sure if it is just this location or not because I had heard the food at Dickeys was good but it seems to me that there is a lack of attention or care here. Two thumbs down for me. Might try one of the other locations in the future :/
4	Brisket is ok, ribs are excellent.  Service was great.  Lady working waited for me to drive down to pick food even though they were closing.  Great customer service and even gave me extra sauce.  Thanks
4	Delicious! And the staff was nice.I love the sauce on the food and can't seem to get enough of it. Smells GREAT! I had the beef brisket. I hope it was that... not that I think about. I can't recall exactly what the meat was. The bread was really good for some reason. Better than I would have expected. So the place is not bad. I haven't decided if I like Tom's BBQ's sauce better or not yet.Plan on coming again to try some more variety of food.
1	The door was locked at 8:00??? We knocked and waited for the terribly rude girl at the cash register to open the door. Horrible, horrible absolutely horrible service.  Very poor food...french fries were rock hard.  Turkey had a very rubbery texture.  The tea was spoiled.  The ice cream was so soft.  The girl at the register did not speak to us she dropped our plates on the table and when we told of the bad tea she said "oh well we are closed anyway".  What a shame and an embarrassment for your establishment.
4	Amazing! The restaurant is pretty awesome!If you like BBQ this is the place for you! The menu has great options and varieties. Along with the BBQ and giant cups, they offer free ice cream!! Sweet!
4	Grew up eating Dickey's in Texas. So excited there's a couple locations in Phoenix. After reading some of the reviews, I was happy that the service I had was good rather than abysmal.Our order was taken quickly, food brought out a few minutes after, and none of the staff were acting unprofessional as far as I could see. I had the quarter plate with sliced brisket, potato salad, and cole slaw. I like the smaller portion of the quarter plate since the regular 1 meat plate is a bit much for me. Cole slaw isn't weighed down too heavily with mayonnaise which is nice. Potato salad is super creamy. Accompanying roll was soft and buttery.Yum! If you like Texas style BBQ, try Dickey's.
4	RECOMMENDED:  I'm so glad that I gave this place a 2nd shot.  I am happy to report that upon further review, it's even better than the 1st time.  My beef on my first visit was portion size ONLY.  Walking in, I was immediately met with the sweet mouth watering smell of hickory smoke enticing my taste buds. Today, I elected to order 1 lb of meat as my meal, 1/2 pound pork and 1/2 pound brisket.  My wife ordered 1/2 pound smoked chicken and 1/2 pound pulled pork. We did not even come close to finishing it all!I really enjoy the deep hickory smoke flavor of their meats.  It is delicious.  I WILL BE BACK OFTEN!Friendly staff!
3	I'm from KC and I think this bbq is just so so. Nothing they make stands out where I could give them better rating for their food. As for staff, cleanliness and things like that I would give them a 5 though. I wish there was more to say but it and average bbq place
5	Love this place! Great BBQ. Would Definately recommend. The smoked ham is great, as are the side dishes.
2	I've tried this location three times and each time liked it less.  My third visit will be my last.  I had the two meat plate of pulled pork and beef brisket with sides of bbq beans and potato salad and sweet tea.  I was there 20 minutes after they opened and my pulled pork was cold, the beef brisket was tender and served hot.  The bbq beans were way too watery, while the potato salad was decent.  The sweet tea was below average in quality.  Also, they over charged me on my order and instead of making the correction in the register and giving me the correct difference back, the employee reached into the tip jar and took out a dollar and handed it to me!We can use more decent bbq places around the valley, but this location will not be one of them.
1	Tonight was our first and last trip here. Why? 1. Very limited kids menu2. Walked in and there was a haze of smoke from the kitchen. Was surprised the fire alarm wasn't going off.3. Bathroom was gross and all of the grout had been turned yellow due to neglect/smoke/grease.4. Fellow diners were a sketchy bunch.5. Over cooked meat and waffle fries that were like biting into cooled grease.6. Awful stomachache from eating 1 rib, side Caesar salad and a few waffle fries.
