5	Think east coast sandwich deli, meaning really fresh, tasty, healthy sandwiches soups and salads.  All for around $7.  This place is hands down a great new lunch stop.I've been looking for someone to open up a place like this near my house for years.  They opened last week.  Thank you Samz Market!I'd describe the food as a deli, gelato, and specialty foods store rolled into one.  Spacious clean and locally owned its the perfect place for lunch.  I had "The Venice", which consists of French roll, delicious soft prosciutto, amazingly flavor full mozzarella,  and crisp fresh lettuce on tomato.  I'm going back tomorrow for one of the other sandwiches.Atmosphere is clean-casual and relaxed.  Picture European style tables and chairs as you walk in, deli on the left, gelato counter in the back, and specialty food aisles on the right.   Bright interior with a spacious feel.If you're tired of stuffing yourself full of greasy fast food or eating at the same place every day stop by Samz Market.  I cannot tell a lie, I fell in love with this place and I want other Yelpers to experience rare treats like this too.Oh yeah and they have request cards so you can tell them what you like and have it magically appear in the market a few days later.
5	Samz Market and Gourmet Foods opened up near my house and not a moment too soon!  If you live in the north valley (around this deli's location) than you know that it is a wee drive to go eat somewhere, anywhere! Now I go to Samz for sandwiches, salads, or for my morning bagel & coffee. And they have gelato...good gelato...enough said!The staff there are friendly and learned my name after my second visit. That does not happen all that often nowadays. Sam (the owner) actually asks for (and listens to) suggestions...she even will order a specialty item (meat, cheese, bread, etc.) for you if you so desire. Overall, I really enjoy this place. Simple seating/dining in the front...busy market atmosphere...lots of market items to choose from...and really good food! And much of it is even homemade...every day there is something new behind the counter ranging from hummus to lasagna to soup to stuffed grape leaves!  Very cool.
4	I just stopped by for a quick iced coffee.  The java was fresh, the owner was exceptionally nice and even gave my daughter a free gelato!  I will be back to try their food!
4	This bad boy is C L O S E D!
4	Sadly Samz Gourmet Market has closed its doors. I'm not one for long goodbyes, well miss you!
