5	best ribs and bbq in my life
3	Did I come on the wrong night??After reading the 2 reviews I think I must have .. Yes, my ribs did fall of the bones but, it was fall of the bones DRY! The house bread was nice and fresh and I had the best sweet potatoes. But, I came for the ribs~!Supposedly they are also known for the prime ribs but my friend was not happy with his. Our server was great but MY RIBS WERE DRY!!!!!!!Don't mess with me when it comes to my  meat!!!!
3	Texas ribs in Phoenix?  Who would have thought.  Just as they advertise, the pork ribs did fall off the bone.  The meat wasn't that great, but again the meat fell off the bones.  The peanuts everywhere are an allergic person's nightmare, luckily I'm not allergic.  The bread was pretty good and served nice and warm.  There were other BBQ options on the menu, but I opted for just the half rack of ribs which is a good amount of meat.
3	Where Can you go to celebrate a strangers birthday, Texas Road House, Buca, Peter Piper Pizza.I was involved in three birthday celebrations, I like to have fun when I'm out so I cheered people on.  As for my star rating, I would like to give four stars but the corporate feel always pulls my mouse towards the left  The last time I ate Texas Road House was in Phoenix.  I can say the restaurant delivers what it says it does. I haven't ordered the steak but I plan to come back one day, and give them a try, the ribs were satisfying.  So what is my review, well give this place a try for a corporate Texas feel.  The place has a dedication to serve high quality food and is ready to get you wasted in a family environment.
2	Very crowded the night I went and there were quite a number of birthday parties going on where you sit on this saddle and the employees sing happy birthday to you.  That was a "fun" environment, but unfortunately the food was not even close to par.  My steak was quite fatty and the sauce/marinade totally overwhelmed the prime rib.  My buddy got a ribeye but it looked more like ribeye's scrawny step brother that hasn't been fed for a week.
3	Rolls. That is my primary reason for going to a place like this more than once. Texas Roadhouse has the best dinner rolls when they are served hot. Throw in the cinnamon butter and it's a little oral fiesta. I am NOT someone who likes going to Outback Steakhouse-type chains. I only set foot in Texas Roadhouse because I won a gift certificate. But considering the prices, the quality is more than decent. Their ribs are truly fall-off-the-bone. I had their country fried chicken which wasn't very greasy--points for that. They also serve really tasty catfish fillets that aren't dry and are flavorful. I also like how one of their many sides offerings includes sweet potatoes. And they are big potatoes. You can easily come away with leftovers which means, two meals for the price of one. If you are not in the mood to be in a place where the wait staff highlights birthdays very loudly, then skip Roadhouse. When it's someone's b-day, they actually have the person sit on a saddle and get everyone to sort of "yeehaw" along. It's like a bad commercial. Anyway, I can see myself going into one if I'm in the neighborhood and want to splurge on food that isn't the healthiest.
3	On our way home to Cali, stopped off to eat and found this place. This place wasn't bad. But it's not great either. I did enjoy my fried chicken. Daughter did not like her salad and cheeseburger. Yes the bread was good.
4	Place gets extremely loud, but what do you expect at Texas Roadhouse. The food is generally better than your typical run of the mill city steakhouse. Their rolls/cinnamon butter has to be one of the best in the city. You can never go wrong with their baby back ribs, prime rib or rib eye steak.
4	Consistanly great steaks and flavor for sure.  Today was our maybe 10th visit to Texas RH and we keep coming back.  Today's waitress Stacie was an absolute DITZ and let's just say it's a good thing I was in a good mood.  My Ribeye was as tender and tasty as I expect, wife tried the Ribs for the 1st time and they were tender for sure.  Bring your appetite and some time (if you come Fri/Sat after 530) as I am sure you will enjoy as well!
3	not the best steak house in town, but it is good enough to feed my hunger.  been going to this location since 2003..  friendly staff.. great atmosphere...and  food is  comforting..  last friday. i was craving steak, so i decided to visit the place with buddy of mine..  waitress was so friendly.. i had to give her $12 tip!! she checked on us every 5 mins.. making sure our drinks were full.. service was great! i ordered my usual.  rib eye steak medium rare, house salad with ranch dressing.. and cup of chili..  yummy!! manger of this location knows how to keep their customers happy..  i would give 4 stars.. but you know.. i am picky with my steak.. so 3 is all i can give.. but if it was based on service.. yeah i would of given 4...if i am feeling red neck and wanting my steak with ice cold beer with unlimited peanuts.. i visit the texas roadhouse... heeeeee  haw!!!
5	In late March my dad and I went to spring training and we stayed at a nice hotel nearby. We passed by the place on Sunday evening on our way to the hotel and it looked different than something we'd find in San Diego. Later that night we go and sit at the bar. The bartender greeted us right away and offered us drinks right on the spot. No wait at all. The cool part about the place is it's informal. Customers can eat peanuts and just drop them on the floor. Even the workers were wearing sports wear. That's how cool it was. The food was quickly served and delicious. We spent under $25 both times visiting in the 4 days being there. Next spring training were definitely going back.
5	TRH is top of the line for steak and fast service. The longest I have ever waited was 5 min. Very friendly
3	I'll preface this with the fact that I did not eat here, just sat at the bar and had a beer. Drinks were well priced and cold, two of my must haves at a bar. The service was prompt and friendly, although I never knew who my server was exactly as there were 3 people behind the small bar and if you made eye contact they checked on you. My biggest complaint: STALE peanuts. What a huge disappointment. Everyone raves on and on about the peanuts and they were gross. I also have to question how often there are restocked, tossed out, etc. One person not washing their hands after a bathroom break and that whole bucket is done... ewww....
5	You know how some mornings you just wake up hungry for a good steak?  Ok, well I did, ok?  ...So they open at 11 on Sundays, & I whipped in here then to give it a try.This is a mid-sized eatery, decked out to the nines inside.  If Delhi Palace in Tempe puts you right in the middle of Mumbai, this place puts you right square in the middle of Texas!  I lassoed a great booth, & food was already waiting there, in the form of a bucket full of peanuts, with another bucket there to put your empty shells in.  (Don't eat very many peanuts, because wait 'til you see how much they're going to feed you!)With great country rock playing at the right volume in the background (Shania Twain, Steve Earle, Kid Rock, etc.), my server showed up with FOUR big, hot (like her) rolls, with plenty of whipped butter to put on, with just a taste of cinnamon in it.  (Cinnamon in butter?  Hey, it works!)About a roll later, she returned & took my order for a Ribeye Steak (medium), a baked potato with butter & sour cream, & a house salad to start with.  (The place has been open about 10 minutes now, & it's almost FULL of customers except at the bar!)So my salad arrives.  It's good-sized & delicious.  Then at the right time, my steak & potato show up.  The steak is cooked just right, melt-in-your-mouth tender, no gristle, & TERRIFIC tasting!!  The potato was even special.  They had bits of rock salt stuck to the outside of the skin, which is cool because I love the skin.  (The attention to detail with respect to both the food & the environment in here is amazing!  It reminded me of Disneyland!)SOOOO, this meal was just STELLAR...  & speaking of stars, it was Stars above my latest experiences at both Outback & Black Angus.  Excellent value, too.  My order was only $13.49 for everything, & they even have Specials starting at $7.99.  Woohoo!    :-))
5	one of the best steaks i've ever had. every bite melted in my mouth. flavorful, juicy, superior steak. my sides were good but average. we got some appetizers which were very good as well. if you are looking for a great steak, this is your place. cool atmosphere. good service. will definitely have to go back just for the steak.
5	The food here is awesome every time I come here we have a great time And the waitress kimberly Couldn't ask for better waitress
5	Stumbled on this place on the way home to LA. Just saw the sign decided to give it a try. Was very pleasantly surprised at how very good the food was. Service was excellent. Would've liked to try the beer but was driving. Had a 10 oz ribeye which was done perfectly. Sweet potato was great. Rolls were delicious. Other person's chicken sandwich (road kill? Not sure of the name) Was excellent. Moist and flavorful. Another's pulled pork sandwich was one of the best. The restaurant is great value. Will try to hit others if I see them. Could do without the country music but heck, if you go to a restaurant called Texas Roadhouse you'd better be expecting the slightly kitschy decor and country themes. We wanted to take our remaining roll with us on the road and asked for a box. They gave us a box and a whole set of new rolls! Highly recommend this. If I'm in the area, definitely will go back. Hope they bring one to LA with the same quality.
4	The roadhouse is great! Who doesn't like the unlimited fresh sweet rolls and cinnamon butter, and the peanuts in shell while you're waiting. I love the trashed shells scattered throughout the restaurant floor, it gives it character and a unique "country" feeling. And if that mess on the floor bothers you, you've got a stick up you a** and need to take a deep breath and relax a little. HahaAnyway, the bbq chicken was pretty good and the price was great at $9.99 and that comes with two "homemade sides." (They preached the word homemade about 6 times while we were there). My buddy got a half slab of the "world famous" ribs and he said they were pretty good but needed just a bit more bbq sauce. The drink prices were reasonable and the location is great, just north of interstate 10 and 75th ave. in the west part of the phx valley. Service was above average and the music volume was at a good level. Nothing crazy awesome, or really special, but very good and at a good price!
5	My husband took me here for dinner. I was surprised at how well the food was..the service was exceptional..
5	Amazing ribs and the fried pickles are delicious! Our server Angela is always excellent, very friendly and attentive (we try and get her as our server when we go). We LOVE Texas Roadhouse!
5	Went to Texas Roadhouse a few times and I am a big fan. I order to eat and yes I ordered the NY Steak (18 or 20 oz), it was delicious! I also ordered the onion appetizer dish which was out of this world.  Highly recommended.  Service is always spot on too.
2	Meh... forgetful chain food... would like to give extra half star for the free peanuts.. and free rolls...
4	Not the first Texas Roadhouse I have been to (been to the Las Ceruces, NM and the west-side El Paso, TX location).  They all have good quality food that makes for a good dinner.  What made this one stand out?The music was at a volume where we could actually have a conversation at the table.  I wish they would do this at all locations!  Usually, you can't hear yourself think in a Texas Roadhouse, at least from my other experiences.
5	The food is great. But the one thing that keeps calling me back to this place is those damn dinner rolls with the spread that's served on the side. I've gone in there and ordered those to go just by themselves. Damn you dinner rolls! Why can't I ever resist your warm yeasty goodness?!
4	Yummy, Yummy Rolls! Yep, that along with one of my best girlfriend's birthdays convinced me to drive all the away across town. (I would have done it for her regardless but still, the rolls were a plus) I wasn't really hungry but I did order the veggie plate in which I got a salad, two sweet potatoes (one loaded) and some sauteed mushrooms for about $8.00. I thank my lovely waitresses who's name escapes me right now :( for letting me know it would be cheaper to order it that way instead of how I was a going to order. I ended up only eating the salad and taking everything else, along with about 4 rolls home with me. ( Greedy much? yep)It was a great evening, the staff were great, including convincing my friend to get up on the saddle to have the entire restaurant wish her a happy birthday (so embarrassing) but she had a blast and that was all that matters :)
3	my experience here was just OK.  Our server was VERY pushy it his attempts to upsell, almost to the point that I was getting frustrated.  You shouldn't have to come up with creative ways to say "no thank you" but anyway... Other than that, the food was decent, and for as busy as the place way, it was relatively decent service.  Could have been better, but definitely cool have been worse.
4	Totally an awesome experience. Uber friendly staff, great value for steaks and quick service. Manager even checked in to see how are first dinning experience was going. The bread is fantastically nummy...
4	Summer is coming.That might not mean much, but to women it means everything. Like how they're going to stuff that size ten butt into a size four bikini in the next few months without looking like an overstuffed sausage.Well, here's some bad news for all you hungry girls. You have no chance of losing anything (maybe your boyfriend or husband) if you come here with any regularity. Remember the name of the place? Texas Roadhouse?Well these folks take pride in serving 'Texas' sized meals. Which for the normal person should put them about two meals ahead of their eating schedule. Service was friendly and fast.Food was superb.And judging by the looks of the women in this place, they have no clue we'll be in triple digits in about 90 days, relegating them to a nice big onesy at the pool  this summer.Nice job TR.I enjoyed my pulled pork. Fried pickles, salad, and bucket 'o peanuts. I thank you.Lowes Home Improvement center does not however, as I went next door after lunch and farted my way through every aisle, crop dusting as if I was a  former WWll pilot.
4	Took my mom here for her birthday last week and we had a fantastic time. ( the added fun of seeing her sitting on a saddle and being YEE-HAWED! By a room of patrons didn't hurt!)    But the food was very nice. Mom had the prime rib and swears it's the best she's ever eaten. I had the Tbone and was very pleased. The thing that puts the roadhouse at the top of my list however, was the perfect spicy bloody Mary from the bar. Soooo good.     Give them a try.... Try not to slip on the peanut shells.
1	Don't ever go here in any holiday and expect to use any coupons that they send out for a free appetizer. They said no so I got a glass if water and the cheapest thing on the menu. I would have gotten much more but because of their attitude they don't deserve anything.  Shame on you Texas Roadhouse.
4	I went out last night in search of a restaurant with good soup, but instead decided to try Texas Roadhouse. As soon as you walk in, you feel welcomed and right at home. The staff are all smiling and welcoming you, and just the atmosphere of the place was great! Roasted peanuts await you at your table, along with some delicious bread! I had a bacon cheese burger, which I could only finish half, while my husband had a steak that he actually enjoyed! Our waitress kept up with the drinks and checked up on us enough, but not to much to where she was bothering. All in all the service and food was great! I will definitely recommend it to others, and be back myself!
5	If Ruths Chris is too pricey and pretentious this is your kind of place.The ribs are delicious fall off the bone tender but what restaurants call a full rack isn't a full rack so if you want a rack like you buy at the store you wont get that here.  The T bone and Rib Eye's are amazing, could use less salt for me but excellent steaks.  The service is warm, friendly and attentive NO COMPLAINTS, well worth $60 (including tip) for a T Bone, prime rib and fixings plus a beer and a frozen drink.Ended up with enough food for 2 to have lunch the next day.  Dressing is made fresh, if you don't like cheese on yoru salad order without or get the Cesar its fantastic, ask for extra dressing and put in your doggie bag for the next day! its that good!
5	Wow is all I can use to describe the evening here.  We were sat immediately for a table of 3, even though the parking lot and restaurant were loaded.  My filet, PERFECT!  Everything about our first visit here has me putting this place in my favorites.  I can't wait for the return!
4	Went here with a party of six last night. Reservations are a must on a Friday night, and we skipped past a full waiting room. You must have at least six in your party to "reserve" a table.The ribs were delicious, and, as other have described them, fall off the bone tender. My wife's ribeye was too salty, but they quickly brought out another when we told the waitress. We had ordered a combo meal, with a 12 oz ribeye and some ribs, and this was more than enough for the two of us. In fact, all of us ended up bringing home leftovers for the next day's lunch.Our waitress was very attentive. She also participated in a staff led line dance next to our table. They made my son-in-law's birthday special with their birthday saddle and free ice-cream.We all had bought drinks, and shared two appetizers, but still got out of there for under $120, including the tip.I'm just taking off one star because it was very loud.
2	food was good our service was not
4	I am always happy to go eat here!  Food is yummy and I feel like a complete slob when I come out of there.  Had one HUGE issue tonight. The hubby is on crutches and on the way out one of his crutches slid a good foot and a half on the greasy floor.  Just an FYI....that could have been a EXTREMLY large lawsuit had he hurt his fresh out of surgery ankle because of a greasy floor.Otherwise very please with the food ad service.
2	Went here for dinner last night. Won't be back for quite awhile. Our server was a young female who knew nothing about the menu or customer service! I ordered the prime rib , medium and it came well done. Cold potato, the cheese wouldn't even melt. Husband ordered the ribeye and it too was cooked well done. Yuck! We ordered Chili instead of salad, when it didn't come out we asked the waitress and she said she brings it out with the meal... Usually it's brought out when the salads are brought out, so she went and got them. Seconds late here came our dinner with more chili...she asked of we wanted it, we told her no, then she went to the table behind us and asked if they wanted it. She told them not to tell anyone she did that and then came back and took the chili from our table and gave it to them.  Needless to say our food was not up to par, not was our service or experience!
5	MY FIRST TIME ..  BUT NOT MY LAST A bucket of peanuts and a basket of hot bread with cinnamon butter from the moment you sit down. How could it get any better then that!! It could get much better if you remember to get there before 6Pm for the earlier bird specials.I had the steak and rib dinner. The portions were large and cooked to perfection.  The ribs were tender fall of the bone delicious! I will be back and bring my rib eating friends. The steak is so melt in your mouth tender it really is like butter!  Better than any Ruth's Chris or Morton's out there and at a great price!!The service is as good as the food. Lots of attention from the staff.  This place is amazing - its #1 for me in the steakhouse category and will be my go to spot when i want to have an amazing dining experience and great food!
1	After waiting a long time (which is expected on a weekend) we get walked to our table and asked the unnecessary questions "is this your first time here? When is the last time you were here" blah blah blah. We get sat in the waitress' section and she takes about 10 minutes to get our drink order, mind you she only had 3 tables...including ours. Well it turns out she knew the people at one of the tables because she spent a lot of time talking to them. By the time our food got to the table, our drinks were empty. She left them empty, she asked if we needed something else, we told her what we needed, she was gone for at least 10 minutes and came back with nothing. My husband had to take all of our empty cups to the bar for a refill. My steak was over cooked but that wasn't my biggest complaint, it was Anna our "server" she was horrible.
3	We went for a business lunch and were not drinking. It's not a great experience when you're not drinking. :-/
5	Took the whole family and had a great time and great food as well.  From the line dancing to riding on a saddle for birthdays, a very fun place even if country is not your thing!!!
5	Greeted with hot rolls.  Steak and ribs outstanding. Service XLNT
2	My daughter's best friend recommended this place and said everything on the menu would be fantastic. My young adult son and teenage daughter and I went on a Saturday, around 1pm. We were promptly seated, at a wooden booth.  A bucket of peanuts was already on the table, along with a basket of rolls and linen wrapped silverware. The peanuts were fresh and the rolls and cinnamon butter delicious! I ordered a (frozen) margarita, son a Cherry lemonade and daughter water with lemon slice   . The waitress then offered to refill our bread basket.  We promptly agreed and thanked her for the consideration. Everything on the menu looked delicious, so it took a while for us to choose. We couldn't hear the music for all the screaming babies seated at neighboring tables. We finally decided to order the combo appetizer which included cheesy potato skins, buffalo wings, snake bites (breaded jalapeno cheese balls). For lunch, I suggested my kids pick from the lunch time special ($8.99). My son chose smothered steak (sides french fries and corn), daughter grilled pork chop with peppercorn sauce (sides mashed potatoes and corn) and I opted for (blue ribbon) half slab rib (sides french fries and a salad). We didn't have to wait long for our appetizer to be served and had barely finished before our main course(s) had arrived. The food was plentiful. I was disappointed with the steak fries as they were mushy. The ribs, while tender and falling off the bone, were also mushy and seemingly water logged. I thought maybe the cow had been drowned! Of my entree, only the salad was great! I nibbled from my kids plates. My son's smothered steak was da bomb! My daughter's pork chop was dry as dust, even after she drowned it in sauce! ! For dessert, my son ordered the big brownie, daughter strawberry cheesecake and I ordered the apple pie. My final bill, for all of the above, was $81 not including the tip. We were all stuffed and couldn't complete our meal so we asked for plastic boxes to take our food home. They were promptly given. Later, when I reheated my ribs at home, I was just as disappointed as I'd been at the restaurant. Overall, the service was great, decor great, floors a little greasy, noisy with all the  babies screaming, and  the food (although plentiful) left much to be desired. I wish I'd gone to the Big Apple instead.
4	The food is pretty darn good along with the atmosphere. The bread they bring over with the butter (I think some kind of honey butter) it's good !! The service is good and a fun place to be at. A lot too choose from on the menu,decent prices. The prime rib is really good. If your into that, the steaks are really good. Good service,good prices & over all good and worth a visit, if you haven't tryed it yet.
4	we decided to try out this place since we were tired of everything else...and wow! we made the right choice!! the food is great the staff is friendly, they have a good menu and im looking forward to going again soon!
4	The ambience of this place is so lively Upon arrival we were seated in less than 2 minutes and our server took our drink ordersShe's a sweetheart Peanuts with buckets and bread and butter are complimentary and they're good Server brought me another coke and I'm not done with my first one, she is promptI ordered the 6oz sirloin and for sides I chose chili and fries...There are a ton of people here for a SundayMy guess is that it is mostly families that got out of church This area is a very family oriented areaMy meal was very good and very fillingThe steak was cooked very well MediumThe chili was actually very good and I gobbled it down in a heartbeatThe steak fries were good tooOh I got the steak smothered in mushrooms too and it was yummyOur server really made the visit greatShe was nice and very promptIt amazes me how servers can remember drink orders and food orders for like their whole section... She was great!
3	I went there, for the first time, with a group of ladies (7 of us), and we all had separate checks, which was not an inconvenience to our waitress.The atmosphere is a fun one, the bread basket with honey-whipped cream was delicious, however, I had to stop myself from eating it all by myself, because, I started to eat more low carb. But it was really yummy! The peanuts in a bucket seating on the middle of the table was our welcome to the place, really neat!I ordered the "Roadkill" platter, with a cup of chili and a Caesar salad. The salad was good, and it came with an extra item, a mini MARSHMALLOW!! I don't know why? But I didn't mind at all, it was just funny! The chili was good too, and the roadkill, which was ground chuck steak with mushrooms and onions was good, the flavor of the mushrooms was really good, but the size of the onions were too big, and they were not cooked through, so it had a strong raw flavor to me. And I don't hate onions.Our waitress treated us very good, always minding our empty glasses, and was never in a hurry to turn our table. Kudos for the wait staff!
3	It's always a hit or miss here. My husband almost always share a full slab of ribs and ask for them to be well well done. One time we got them and they were still kind of slimmie. We couldn't finish eating them so we just ate our sides. Other times they're perfect,  but my husband is tired of not knowing when we'll have a good meal. Make sure to call ahead and make a reservation if its on the weekend if not you'll be waiting quite a while.
3	3.5 StarsTexas Roadhouse is known for their ribs and dog gone they are delicious!  The meat just falls off the bones and is so tender.  My family really enjoys the warm rolls with cinnamon butter along with the peanuts  while you wait for your meal.  This place is pretty cool to bring a friend or family member for their birthdays.  They will drag out a horse saddle on a sawhorse for the birthday girl or boy to sit on while you have "Happy Birthday" sung to you and finished with a hefty YEEHAW!  All the while you're able to snap pics of the person you are torturing.  The steaks are tasty just like the ribs.  The pulled BBQ pork is one of the few items that are inconsistent from my experience.  Haven't has a salad here, how can one eat a salad here when the aroma of barbecue is tempting you as you walk in.  Call ahead seating is the best way to avoid long waits during peak times.  Next to the hostess podium you will see a cooler showing off the different cuts of available steaks.  I will be sure to snap a photo of the cooler on my next trip.
4	Now I know this is not the "best" steak in the land, but it never fails.  A nice steak cooked to medium rare..yup, I like mine bloody, a fluffy baked potato with just a touch of butter and sour cream, and some of the yummiest caesar salad I can think off.  Very friendly service and atmosphere!
3	Eh, Texas Roadhouse.. you break my heart.If I wrote this review a year ago, there would be no question this would be at least a 4 star spot. But with great popularity, this Texas Roadhouse has lost its way.The steaks used to be cooked exactly as asked for. I was never disappointed. Now, I often find myself disappointed at what comes out.Service used to be the best in the area. Now, its just okay. The last two times, I have been lied to about wait times by the front host. The 15 minute waits are not 15 minutes, so beware. You might end up waiting for 45 minutes to 1 hour.
5	Excellent food and service .For a great steak you sure can't beat the road house. And the service is also great every time I come here .
5	I love this place. I use to work for them as well and i cant get tired of this food. Its great service and great steaks. Defently pedro, ramon, and venito best when it comes to cooking. Hands down drew great manager as well as lawrence. I love the bar.
3	We stopped in here as a meeting place to meet my wife's nieces. It is a place that is active and a noise level that can get loud. If you are looking for something quiet, you might want to go somewhere else. We all hard the lunch special 6 ounce sirloin. Cooked the way I ordered it, the steak was good. Baked potato didn't have enough sour cream but it was my fault for not asking for more. The lunch special was price correct for the serving size. Don't forget the peanuts!
5	Love the service, love the food, I have never had a bad experience here, this place is the best !!!!
4	This is the second time I've been here, it was gratifying. Ordered a sangria margarita, house salad, cowboy cut steak and loaded potato. Thats all you need to feel as full as thanksgiving.  I probably wont eat till tomorrow.. The steak was at its perfection, staff was friendly and attentive..  too full to write more but moral of the story you should try it :)
3	I always sit at bar and bartenders are very attentive and helpful. Food is usually good, minor issues at times but nothing terrible.
5	The catfish is amazing..but we go for the ribs..my son is 11 and he can eat two full slabs. My two older kids love the ribs,cheese fries, and corn! I know we should try different things but don't fix whats not broken! Regardless of which location we go to we get the same excellent service! Oh yes...let's not forget about the bread and cinnamon butter...ooh la la
3	Suzie was a great waitress, however we called and made reservations and still had to wait 15-20 minutes for a table... The buns are ways delicious, not to mention you also get free peanuts. The food is decent and the beers came out quick, good place to go considering the location.
5	No complaints. Food and service were both great. This is one of the better Texas Roadhouse's I've been to. If you plan on going the night of a concert, get there early! We were there 2 hours before the concert started and still had to wait.
1	we came about three weeks prior, had great food and great service, the second time around the server working the bar area was so inattentive, I had to get up out of my seat to get a refill and more bread, the manager walked around like a goofball talking to other employees instead of asking tables how their meal was. my boyfriend got his food on a child's plate with 7 cold French fries. what a joke !
2	So I was on a date with my husband and the service good. We left a great tip for our waiter. As we were leaving I needed to use the restroom. as im using the restroom one of the workers com in to clean.  Than another worker comes in and they began to talk about another worker that just got hired and why the manager is thinking about promoting her and she just start working there. That's not that worst part. One of the workers leave out and and one stays in. The one that stays in is sweeping the floor. While I'm in the middle stall she sweeps my jeans and immediately apologize. IM PISSED!!!!! My question is why are you sweeping in stall #2 when you are in stall #1. That tells me you are not paying attention to what you are doing.  So I come out to was my hands and notice that my pants were wet. I also notice that floor was really and there was no wet floor sign. The young lady was in the 3rd stall sweeping so while washing my hands I said to her "dis you just sweep my jeans with that dirty ass broom" she says I said I'm sorry I say what is your name she says I said I was sorry I say I didn't ask for an apology I asked for you name. She doesn't say anything so I walk into the stalk that she is sweeping in and ask for her name again and she REPEATS herself and says I'm sorry.  Now I'm irritated and ask why she won't give me her name she meekly says ALYSSA. I walk away and go to the host and ask for a manager. IT GETS WORST......I asked for a manager and I got a manager I don't believe she gave me her name neither do I remember asking.  However I do remember that as she walked up  with ALYSSA telling "her side of the story" the manger was very defensive when I told her what happened in the restroom.  The manager wanted to know WHY was the employees name so important to me and if she was wearing a name tag why did I need the employee to tell me. I explained that ALYSSA was inside of a restroom stall and I could not see her until I walked into the stall. The manger than told me that ALYSSA was intimidated my me and she was on the verge of crying. I said well I'm sorry this is her job she works around PEOPLE everyday I don't care about her crying she swept my jeans with a dirty ass broom. The manager said well I talk to her. I looked at her dead in her eyes and said I JUST SPENT OVER $100 IN THIS PLACE TO BE TREATED THIS WAY. I WILL NEVER BE BACK HERE AGAIN! THE SERVICE WAS GOOD BUT THE MANAGER WHO WAS THERE ON OCTOBER 17, 2014 ABOUT 10 PM YOU SHOULD TREAT YOUR CUSTOMERS WAY BETTER.
4	was in town visiting and we decided to go here since it wasnt too far from our hotel.  I think I got the 12 oz ribeye with the loaded baked potato and a ceasar salad.  The steak was seriously one of the best steaks Ive had.  It melted in my mouth.  I felt like I was at a high end steak house...minus the bucket of peanuts on the table and the servers randomly yelling Hee Haw lol.  It was fun!!! The warm rolls with the cinnamon butter was also a treat!!!If I lived in Phoenix, that would be a regular go to place for sure!
5	best steak salad, best steaks, best pork chops and price is very reasonable and the rolls are to die for, staff always friendly. love the peanuts.
5	Very good food! The service was good and I left filling plump!! Chili bowl had good taste.I got the bbq chicken and sirloin steak and were both very tasty.they have really good sweet bread and peanuts, peanuts, peanuts!
4	Good service with big portion great tasting food. You definitely get your moneys worth. Plenty to choose from on their menu.
5	Hands down the food makes this place!!! Price is very reasonable,  you get a lot of food. Complimentary bread and peanuts. Ribs have been THE BEST I've ever tasted and they had a lot meat, I got the chicken and ribs combo and didn't even touch my chicken. Their sweet tea was good. Even the baked potato was good. Good environment but the service set the tone, from the greeter to our great waiter (very courteous and attentive) to being thanked our way out. I will definitely be back, thank you for a great experience :)
4	Would give five stars , only problem is the music is too loud sometimes u can't even have a conversation
2	I have been to this Texas Roadhouse before and the food has been acceptable.  In fact, on Veteran's Day we went in and I ordered the cheeseburger and asked that it be cooked "rare" and it was perfect and delicious.  I wanted to experience that great burger again so we went back tonight.  First, I requested no lettuce on the burger - it came with no lettuce, tomato or onion.  The waitress was absolutely wonderful - she took it right back and had the problem fixed.  The problem arose when I bit into the burger and it was cooked to the point that no taste was left.  I had eaten a portion of it when the waitress came back and I told her the problem.  She said she would get me another cooked properly but I was half done at that point.  I have a healthy appetite and almost never leave food on my plate.  Half of the overcooked burger was all I could stomach.  While the waitress was sweet and very apologetic I thought that a manager might have come to smooth over a disappointed customer, but that never happened.  Service is generally good but the food is inconsistent but fairly cheap, so just be aware that this the situation before you go there.
1	Mistakenly ordered the chicken fried sirloin. I did this about a year ago and I actually had forgotten how wrong this dish is. This is a special Texas dish that should be so tender one can slice into it with a fork. It should be made with ground sirloin or double tenderized steak. The sirloin at Roadhouse was a thinly pounded out piece of leather with several veins of hard  grizzle running through it.. The fried outer layer was overcooked, over salted and smooth. It fell short of the layered, fried chicken crust this dish should have. They did get the creamed gravy right. The brown gravy is also  good, but salty.Husband's sirloin was ordered medium well. What he got was charred on the outside, dark pink on the inside, throughout. He had to send it back, and we have never sent a dish back int he 15 years we've been together.I did not complain about my meal because I realized this is just the way the dish is prepared there. But....I will never order it again. I don't even think we'll bother going back there.If you do go, the rolls are still yummy and amazing. The beer is still cold and good. Don't bother ordering steak unless you are ordering filet, however, because their steak seems too leathery. It was pretty awful.We were so disappointed the chicken fried sirloin is so terrible. It is NOT the delicious, tender, forkful of yum from your Texas childhood. It is the stuff of nightmares.
3	The Texas Roadhouse.  In the big, noisy, celebratory Texas roadhouse tradition.  But more civilized.  Just as noisy.  There's lots of staff ready to help.  We had excellent service.I'm a fan of the catfish filets here; cornmeal breaded, fried just right, no harvested-from-the-swamp last week taste.  I mixed that up with cole slaw, not heavily mayo'd or spiced and a side of Texas Roadhouse yippie-ki-yo bar-b-que beans.  Well peppered, a little sweet with bits of lean pork.Why three stars?  When I eat here, someone else has chosen the venue.  I can't hear when it's loud as a Texas roadhouse. I'd rather eat at a Texas roadhouse in Texas.  Somewhere between Dalhart and Hartley or Vernon and Burkburnett. It's a personal thing. Texas food is always best in Texas.
5	What an awesome experience!  Our waitress Destinee was so attentive and provided excellent service and went above and beyond to make sure we had a pleasant experience!  The food soo delicious! I would totally recommend this location and I will be returning!
