5	Insurance is a fickle thing. One likes to complain about the expense when it's basically not doing anything then complain it doesn't do enough when you actually need it. This was me, last month. But then something odd happened: My insurance started working for me. Imagine that?!?! While my car was being repaired, I was able to get a rental car to fill in for my vehicle. Initially, I thought the $30 daily allowance wouldn't be enough to get me into a horse and buggy, but this location really pulled out all the stops and landed me an awesome rental--a new Chrysler Sebring. With heated leather seats. And satellite radio! How I wish I didn't have to give up that car. It made the return of my vehicle bitter sweet.
2	Don't try to talk me in to the additional insurance you muthafugaz. You can see from my paperwork that my normal car insurance covers me in this rental. The car you gave me was dirty and it smells like old man feet.
2	Showcase Honda was to pay to rent a car while my family's Honda CRV was in for repairs. Took over an hour to get a car, and that does not include the time we spent waiting at Honda for them to pick us up. When we returned the car, they made us take it back to the Enterprise location instead of just leaving it at the car dealership, like happens at most places. And, yes, you guessed it, we had to wait over an hour at Enterprise to get back to the dealership. My Dad was not very happy, believe me!  And then, they tried to charge him for the rental because Showcase's accounting department would not pay for it. As a result, Enterprise would not return the deposit to my Dad. Finally, he called Enterprise's corporate office and had the regional manager call him, who got the deposit refunded and apologized for the hassle. Would have given them at least three stars, but he also went through a hassle getting his deposit back from the Enterprise at BIll Luke Chrysler as well. (2425 W Camelback, could not find a location for Enterprise with that address).
4	Great Service at this site.  Two super professional and pleasant young men helped me to troubleshoot a rental situation I was having (e.g. 1-way rental & one day only-extra driver who was our professional tour guide for the day).  Complimentary features and add/ons made me cancel the rental I had with another company and switch to Enterprise.  Plus - when the last econo car they had on the lot obviously smelled and looked like a smoker had just been inside.  The Enterprise Team - -without hesitation upgraded me to an alternative Car.  All and All great service.
3	This place was pretty busy. There was more than enough cars to choose from. The one I got was very clean/almost brand new. Sucks that service was less than okay. Seemed like they'd rather be doing something else or wasn't really aware of much. At least the person who helped me seemed that way.
1	Horrible experience and most awful customer service ever. I waited and waited and waited when I got there... I understand if it is busy but the least they could do is acknowledge the people waiting. The first car they gave me smelled like mold and cigarette smoke. It was so bad that I had to come all the way back (wait some more) and exchange the car out. They said I could get an upgrade for the inconvenience but of course nothing was available. To top it all off the temporary authorization they put on my car that they said was released went through... Now they won't even pick up the phone when I call. Awesome time. Oh wait... Just kidding.
4	Rented a subcompact car from this Enterprise location. Arrived at scheduled time and there were no sub-compact cars available, but they upgraded me from a Chevy Spark to a newish 5 door Toyota Yaris at no additional charge, which was great. No problems with the Yaris, returned it with slightly more gas than it had when I picked it up. The manager offered me a ride home so I didn't have to call a cab -- on a 115 degree day, I'd recommend this location and will use this branch again.
4	Not bad actually! Not a classy place, but not bad. Found a discount code online..called ahead. Chatted with the guy over the phone for a bit..and got a smokin' deal here! Now, you might see some ..er.. colorful, 'sketchy' type of folks frequenting here. And you will wait in line for at least 10-15 minutes. But I got a sense that a little bit of friendliness goes a long way. I mean, if I were behind the counter all day with busy, bossy, shuffling customers I would probably grant a nice discount to that customer who cared enough to ask how I was doing once in a while. Nice! When I came back to return my car I still encountered a sketchy crowd and wait time. Their computers were down too. Ugh.. But the manager stepped in and handled my paperwork manually. He told me he'd followup with a phone call to confirm when everything was entered in the computer. Called me promptly about an hour later. Sent me my receipt. Fine by me! I'm good to go.
1	I had previoulsy reserved a car for a weekend here with no real issue. They picked me up at my work right on time with no mention of distance from my work to their office location (4.77 miles)Though there is one or two locations closer to my work, this one isn't far, and is close to my home (exactly 2 miles), and has better prices since it is slightly further away from the airport than other options.While in the car I had rented, I was pulled over, though not sighted, for expired tags (this is the second time this has happened in a car rented from Enterprise, though the first from a location in Los Angeles).The employee that assisted me upon returning my car credited me for a day for the hassle. Based on this experience, I would have given a 4 star, maybe even 5 star review.This last time I used them is why it is a one star review.I again made a reservation and called to confirm and requested a pick up. I provided the address and was told no problem. I also advised that I did not receive my reward points from my last rental and asked to be given the agreement number so I could request the points online. I was told no, I have to come into the office to do that.At 4:22pm I received a call saying they were on their way, perfect, I get off at 4:30. At 4:34 I get a second call, which I assumed was to tell me that they were ready for me, but no, it was another call telling me they were just leaving. So finally at 5 I arrive....AT A DIFFERENT OFFICE.My reservation had been transferred to another location without asking me, telling me or even checking with that office to see if they had any cars in the size I requested. I didn't know I had been transferred until I was half way there and asked where I was being taken (it was the opposit direction of where I was expecting to go).They did not have any economy cars, because they didn't know they needed to have one ready! I was informed they had a Ford Focus available but it was more expensive since it was a midsize with leather interior. I informed the person helping me that I made reservations for a specific price, I had called and confirmed a car would be available, I did not request the transfer, and it was August in Phoenix, if I had the choice I would NOT get a car with black leather interior. So after making me wait several minutes he came back and made it seem like he was doing me such a big favor by honoring the price I had on my reservation (that I had printed out and brought with me).So in the end, I got a car and at the price I wanted but the customer service and communication was definitely lacking. I may need to rethink where I rent cars from in the future.
5	Worked with Doug very helpful. Got me the right vehicle for a fair price. Very clean car.They will deliver the car to you if need be.
5	I need to rent cars about 10 to 12 times a year.   This location is always helpful, always professional and treats me well.   I have not gotten to know the staff as each time I deal with someone different.  But it is consistently friendly, professional and eager to please.   I like to be treated like I matter to a company and I have to say that consistently I have received that treatment from Enterprise.   Is there sometimes a wait - yes.   But many times it is a fast process.   Because I rent due to business meetings, I don't buy the LDW coverage as we made special arrangements with our business auto insurance coverage to handle that exposure.  Never any pressure to buy the extra insurance.
4	I have rented cars for weeks from this Enterprise location twice in recent months and the only problem I had was that the temporary license on one of the cars, which was brand new, expired during my rental so I had to go in to see about a permanent plate.  They hadn't received it yet so they switched me off to a different car.All three cars were fine, staff members friendly and there weren't any return problems so I'll be happy to rent from them again as the need arises.  (It's a nice plus that that they pick you up and take you wherever you need to go at the beginnings and endings of the rentals!)      :-)
1	So just got off the Phone with a Branch Manager at Enterprise Rental Cars because one of the gentleman helping us told 2 female employee of mine who asked where are all the women were, "They can't handle the pressure."  Really - he had the guts to say that in 2014.Not to mention the cars are very often dirty, not filled with gas if they even have cars to rent!  Haven't had the problem at Williams Field....
