5	I stumbled on this salon when another salon was booked and couldn't do my nails last minute.  Essentially I just jumped in my car and New Happy Nail and Spa was the next place down the road.  I'll call it a God-shot because after the first time I visited for a fill, I left wondering "Where have you been all my life?" This place has a great atmosphere, which is very important to me.  The techs are all talking and laughing with the customers every time I've visited.  They are engaging and fun and really care about repeat business.  Some salons are quiet and boring, and the only time the techs talk is to speak in their native language, leaving people wondering if they are talking bad about the customers. Today I went in for a lash fill after New U Salon did a very rushed, poorly done job.  Having been getting lash extensions for about 4 or 5 months now I can say that this is the best job anyone has done, and my salon in California does excellent work.  It made me sad I no longer go there and that I had yet to find a good Vegas replacement.  Well, I'm no longer sad and if you are searching for a lash pro who knows her stuff, then you can get happy too and go to Happy Nail and Spa.  I wish I'd caught her name but since she is the only one who does lashes there, you'll get her too if you go.  She used to do lashes in Pennsylvania for many years before coming back to Las Vegas.  That means you are dealing with someone knowledgeable and experienced.   She takes her time.  Anyone experienced with lash extensions knows that it is a long and tedious experience for both the tech and the customer.  Thankfully I fell asleep for most of it, something that has never happened to me before. Even though I was just in for a fill, the lady had to remove many of the old, poorly done lashes from my last job and replace them, yet still only charged me for a fill.  I can't say enough about this place.  They always remember my name too, and this is just my third visit! I like that and I like them.  You will too.  Get your butt over there and get taken care of by a group of techs who genuinely want you to have a pleasurable experience and great results, whether you're in for nails, lashes, or a pedicure.
5	I have been coming to this salon for over 6 years and I couldn't imaging going anywhere else. All the techs are so friendly, always laughing and having a good time making the atmosphere an enjoyable one.Whether I'm getting my eyebrows waxed, a pedicure or my nails done this is the place to be. I can sit back in my massage chair, relax and enjoy.I highly recommend this salon to anyone looking for a clean, quality and fun atmosphere place.
5	I love going to New Happy Nails & Spa; there is always a light and HAPPY atmosphere, which is great when you're trying to relax and get pampered. I've been getting my eyelash extensions done by Linda and LOVING it. She is very gentle when working on your eyes and takes her time to make sure that they come out looking great. The extensions make a huge difference, even when I'm too busy to apply makeup. If you're looking for quality work from a true professional, whether it be nails or eyelash extensions, Linda is the one to see! Best of all, the prices are very reasonable. All the technicians here are very friendly and experienced. This is definitely a place that is on my recommendation list.
5	Best Pedicure in Las Vegas, hands down ( no pun intended). So I very apprehensively  tried this place a few weeks ago. I have extremely high standards in regards to cleanliness, attention to detail. My technician was Bamboo. Bamboo should get an award for turning my hooves into beautiful, smooth, pretty feet. I should probable go the DMV and change my reported height. I would imagine I'm about a 1/4 shorter after my callus removal :-) I love them, and I'm sure you will too!
1	First visit 2/22/13. When I arrived there was only one nail tech in the place, who happened to be working on someone. I got there 15 mins after they had opened. She stopped what she was doing with the other customer and started my water. The nail tech told me that she would call them to see where they are. She told me they would be a little while. So she started taking off my nail polish and then put some cream on my heels. So about 5 mins after I had arrived 2 other ladies came in, 20 mins later the 3 nails techs who were late for work finally showed up. The lady (Judy) who was going to do my nails arrived and had to get settled in and then start the pedicure finally. I told her I do not like the cheese grater tool that they use on your heels. She said oh it's going to be o.k. let me just use it a little, after I plainly stated I don't want it. So she starts using it and then after a few mins with that one she whips out the smaller versions of the same cheese grater tool. So through out the this pedicure she continues to use that tool and the minis a whole lot. Oh did I forget to mention that the whole time she was talking so much that she could not do the pedi properly. She was talking so much to the employees and regulars that she had stopped in the middle of the massage part to chat. I must admit that I am kind and I still gave her a great tip even after she made my feet bleed. Oh and yes the highlight of the whole thing is that she used the cheese grater so much that I now have bloody feet. I told her not to use it, I know how sensitive me skin is.Needless to say this was the first and last time I will ever go here. If you want a place that doesn't listen to you and cuts you up then please go for it!
4	I found this salon on my way to work and figured I'd give it a try since it was a convenient location. I was helped right away and had my nails shaped, filed etc. by one of the women then had a man do my gels. For a full set of gels with a heart design on the ring finger it was only $25. Great deal & fast service but not exactly the biggest place.
5	I've been going to New Happy for at least 5 years. I no longer live close by, but I still make the trip. Most of the staff have been around a long time. My favorite is Linda!!  This is one of the "quick" places that doesn't make you feel rushed but still do a great job. Owners are super nice. When I walk in, they all remember me, and makes me feel so welcome. Even my Mom and sister come here.  New Happy is like family to me!!!
1	This place is awful, staff lacks any work etiquette when servicing a customer. 9/11/13 I was there with my mother, we both had good pedicures by a man, he was very good and gentle. However, the two ladies who were there before closing time were rude without even being aware of it. I couldn't help but observed them. Despite giving a spa pedicure she would altogether stop what she was doing and become absorbed into their foreign language conversation. I've seen other nail salon workers just talk to each other but this one, they would stop pushing cuticles, clipping, rubbing lotion, just to see what the other one is showing her. She kept showing her something on an ipad (I took a picture too, surprisingly they didn't notice). They waste your time and don't pay attention to your needs.What's the point of having nice massage chairs and a foot spa when the worker is interested in discussing their own problems with the employees?
5	I've been going to this place for about a year now & I love it!  I am particular about how I like my nails done & they do them right every time.  I also get my brows done there & they're fantastic with that as well.  Love this place!
5	I was so grateful that they had a lash professional here, after many attempts at other locations I could not get a appointment on a Friday. The lady called me back n set a appointment for me and I had my lashes done here and I was very pleased with them. The staff was professional, accommodating, and friendly. I plan to get my lashes done there from now on.
5	From the Gentleman's point of view...........Let's face it; In the Summer, if a guy wants to where "flip flops" (Slippers to Hawaiians), he doesn't want women to look at his feet and think they are used to harvest wheat. My former assistant took me there for the first time almost seven years ago, and I've been coming back ever since.  Linda does a great pedicure, and for only a couple of extra bucks, they throw in a Gentleman's manicure. Like I said; Guys, girls do look at your feet. For $25 the pedicure is a great value, and then add a Gent's manicure (no polish!!), for $5. Great Value. I always throw in a $10 tip. I will agree that when the women who work there talk to each other in Vietnamese, it is annoying, but if they didn't do a great job, I wouldn't have been going there for seven years!!Recommend Linda for Pedicures. I won't let anyone else touch my feet.  Judy  and Linda  both do a great gentleman's manicure.
5	Love this place!!! I come her for nails, toes, & eyebrows!! I have been coming for 3 years now. They always take great care of me. Linda, Judy, & Darren are the best!
5	Linda is not only amazing at doing nails but she does eyelashes that are out of this world. Make your appointment with Linda today
5	This is my favorite nail salon! I've been coming here for almost 8yrs! My sister and my mom also comes here as well! Linda is usually the one that works on my nails but the owners Darren and Judy are very kind!! Linda also does eyelash extensions now and she is very precise with her work and does an amazing job! Every time I come here I get the "works" which includes gel mani and pedi , eyebrow wax and eyelash extension! It's nice and convenient to have a  one stop shop! I recommend this place for anyone!
5	After a morning of rock climbing in Red Rock Canyon, I came in for my first manicure in 13 years and my first pedicure ever!Linda did a great job taking my gnarled climbing feet and making them look quite presentable! Meanwhile she was very pleasant to chat with as well, and the whole experience left me feeling pretty upbeat. Will definitely be coming back!
5	They are so awesome here! Truly take their time and care for their customers. I know that any problems I have I can come back to them and have it fixed. Linda does my gel mani, but everyone does an amazing job. I've been to many salons but hands down, happy nails is the best!!!
5	I got my first eyebrow waxing here. I loveeee it :) they did a good job. I dont want my eyebrow too thin, and i think she did a perfect job. The women, forgot her name, she's really friendly. Definitely coming back!
5	I recently moved from Las Vegas, NV to Vallejo, CA and I am missing New Happy Nails & Spa!  Darren, Bamboo & Linda were my "people" and I am missing their services & humor!  Hope I can find a new place up here that's half as good as this one is!
5	I recently moved from nyc and have been on the hunt for a new go-to nail salon and actually came here after trying to go to World Nail then leaving when they said it would be a 45 minute+ wait despite having called for an appointment before I headed over and told to come now/that they can take me immediately. I just don't like when businesses are dishonest like that.Called before heading over here as well and was told it might be about 10 minutes and the wait was actually shorter than that despite the place being full. Also, they actually acknowledged me right away when I walked in and asked me to choose my color unlike the other place.Really friendly people and no problems communicating in English. Only $32 for manicure and pedicure. Spend the extra $2 to come here instead of World Nail and be treated like a valued customer and not just a $$ sign. Seems like there are a lot of regulars here and they've been in business almost 10 years so that must be a testament to something considering how many nail salons there are in Vegas. Linda did my mani-pedi and even offered a free design since it is my first time here and I told her I found them through yelp. I will be back!
5	They're all very nice and welcoming. I've gotten a pedi here twice and loved it! My new favorite spot. Lindas awesome! :)
5	My mom and I have been going to New Happy Nail forever and we refuse to go anywhere else! They truely care about their clientele and it shows in their work!!! She did the cutest design on my nail and I'm over the moon about how they came out!!! Love all the staff at New Happy Nails.
5	Linda is amazing for eyelash extensions!!!!! Everytime I'm in Vegas, I make sure to rent a car to come visit her to get my lashes done!!! They are always so full and amazing!
1	I went into this nail salon for the first time with my 3 year-old daughter as she loves to get her nails done and looks forward to it every week. The owner did her nails. While she was painting them, she touched my daughter's forehead and said "She needs to wax her eyebrows." This was said to my daughter so she could hear. How anyone says this to a child is beyond me. I will NEVER go back and will tell everyone about this. I'm disgusted with this salon and the owner.
3	Nothing special about this place. I came here for a pedicure based on yelp reviews, but could have just gone to a closer salon for the same service, price & quality. Nothing blatantly bad, except that the foot massage was nonexistent, just some lotion rubbed on my legs (not the feet at all) without any massage.  Shape of the nails was pretty & she did a good, clean polish, but otherwise... meh. Don't drive out of your way (like I did)... not worth it.
