5	Stumbled onto CP marine and what a find.  Very service oriented.  Great communication.  Very quick turn around on service.  Only uses manufacturer parts.  No up sell.  My business stays here!
5	I am very pleased with the service I received from Brett at CP Marine in Tempe. I was lucky enough to get same day service but you shouldn't expect that to always be the case. Brett communicated with me well and the estimate he gave was exactly what I ended up paying after service was completed. A lot of places lure you in with "unbeatable prices" but then they just take shortcuts and still sock you with several hundred dollars of "additional required work" before you get your boat back. CP Marine doesn't operate that way, here you can expect honesty, integrity, and high quality workmanship. CP Marine has by business for ever; you should give them a shot at yours as well. You will not be disappointed!
5	CP Marine is the place to take your boat! Brett will take good care of you and your boat! A very honest owner. Quote was accurate and work was done quick and got us back out on the lake. Boat has worked great since work has been done. They went above and beyond for me. Brett has extensive boat knowledge and was even able to work on a Berkeley Jet Drive. Most shops seem afraid of boats like this but Brett was more than comfortable with my Kachina boat! When I picked the Boat up we even had a conversation about some small things I could do and where I could pick up the parts to do on my own if I wanted. Or just to order the part and he would also install for me. Just a real down to earth guy that knows what good business is. Not taking advantage of the customer and making them feel appreciated! Will be using them for as long as I have a boat. Finally found a good and honest boat mechanic!
5	My dad took our older boat here. It has an inboard engine that is no longer manufactured. We previously took it to a local boat repair shop and were told to scrap it. Brett found a way to repair and customize the engine we had at a fair price. Brett went through the whole motor, top to bottom. The repairs were done quickly. He even called to follow up on how the boat was running for us. Highly recommend Brett and his business.
5	2 years since my prior review.  CP Marine has relocated to Tempe.  The business model is the same:  Great customer service and an honest evaluation of your problem.  Brett is the man!
5	Best Boat Mechanic in town...I have an older boat and I took it CP Marine for repair. He was very professional and courteous, told me how much it was going to cost and what he was going to do to it. He fixed it in less time that he estimated which was very nice. I will definitely recommend CP Marine to friends and family for their boat needs.
