1	Went in for pizza and cheesy bread. Waited over 30 minutes for my food and the whole time no one told me what was going on. When I finally got.my food the pizza wasn't fresh and they never apologized for the wait or thanked me.
1	Slow service. Had to wait for hit and ready. No communication. Very slow. Very very sad.
3	For what you pay for (value $5), and general speed of service, Little Caesars is a good option.  I went in on Saturday about 5pm and it was ready without ordering.  At times in the past I've had to wait 5 minutes tops.I generally get one for for the kids, at times I'll indulge too.  Average tasting, some better, some worse.
3	It's always a handy option when you're not up to cooking for the tribe. Their customer service is fast and polite. The product is what it is, not the best but better than a stick in the eye when your in a pinch.
5	Ya'll already know how I feel about Lil Ceas.
2	The price is good for what you get and for the convenience (if it's ready). It's not anything to write home about but it's decent for $5. When the pizza is ready, it's nice to just come in and have it already done but I find the problem is at peak times, like dinner, the pizzas aren't ready. Umm...ok? I come at dinner time and it's a 15-20 min wait for a "hot and ready" pizza. I understand it's a busy time but shouldn't you take that into account and forecast how many you'll need when you are making pizzas for the peaks? Otherwise, stop calling it hot and ready when it's not! Kind of defeats the purpose of me coming to little Caesars versus a competitor. It's not like I pick this place over other pizza joints because it tastes better...
1	This is the worst little cesars place i have ever been too. It'll do for the kids though. Staff is friendly but the pizza tastes wierd.
2	Pizza is fine, location is great, staff is nice , but every single time I come here its NEVER EVER "Hot n ready" so with that said I see some false advertising here.  Everytime I come I have to wait at least 8 mins if its for ICB or the new one thats out with the pretzel crust, so beware its never hot n ready people. Be prepared to wait,   so I highly suggest who ever owns this spot needs to talk to their staff to get on the ball and start having pizza ready to go,
1	This is the WORST Little Caesars in Vegas!! Every single time I come either at the quoted time of my order or a few minutes after and it is never ready! It seems like the staff here CANNOT communicate! They're trying to be laid back and "cool" but it just comes across as childish and unprofessional! I get that it's a fast food restaurant but I feel like a better management team could make these kids provide a better atmosphere!Tonight I placed my order over the phone. Was quoted 15 minutes, came after 20 and they had no idea where my order had gone. The one guy working the counter had to walk around the back asking everyone if they'd seen my order. So I came back out to my car to write this review!The counter had broken coin wrappers and old receipts littered all over it. Another team mate came up and argued with the one guy working the counter about when her break was. Where is the leadership in this place?!?
1	They advertise "Hot & Ready"  I have been there several times--they are NEVER hot & ready.  Tonight was the worst.   They were more concerned with counting the till than helping their customers.  Yes they were busy right before closing time but they had NOTHING ready--NOTHING.  That is neither Hot or Ready.  This location is very poorly managed!  Half a star!
3	Got ultimate pizza supreme and pretzel pizza with pepperoni to go. Took about 10 minutes to get the order. Pizza was good will come back again.
5	This is one of the best Little Caesar's pizza we have had! On that note, one of the worst crowds of people my children and I have ever seen! IT'S A $5 PIZZA PEOPLE!!! my RANT: When you walk into a restaurant and there is 15 people ahead of you, you expect to wait. Same concept. If you walk in at dinner rush and order 5 pizzas, and there is 15 in front of you, IT'S GONNA TAKE A LITTLE WHILE!!!! Calm down and quit yelling at the poor girl at the register (who hasn't even been to the back) about what's taking so long. They were rude and nasty to that girl in front of kids. IT'S A $5 PIZZA!!! END RANT.On a better note: The pizza was awesome, cheesy and delicious. I highly recommend the pizza with the pretzel crust! Cheese sauce instead of pizza sauce, just delish!!! We will be back!
3	Not really much to say...basic pizza for super cheap. Pizza is always hot n ready. Kinda feel like Costco Pizza is a bit more bang for your buck then this pizza joint. But it's still decent pizza.
