4	Fast, tasty, and inexpensive.  I get the beef satay and Thai iced tea. This is the ONLY place I know of that gives free refills on Thai iced tea!  They come around with pitchers of it like it's water.
4	Lunch specials are great. they have this peanut sauce the offer with there beef satay ... oh so good. And the cucumber salad is really good but whatch out it's loaded with jalepenos.
3	I only go here since its so damn close to my apt.  Its just average Thai food.  I don't think the prices are bad.  You get 4 pieces of bbq chicken breast for like $7.50 which isn't that unreasonable.  We always get some kind of noodle too which have all been fine. I kind of wished they used less dark meat in their chicken dishes but that's about it.
4	Thai BBQ is a franchise based in California. I first saw them in LA and was intrigued, but didn't have time to stop in. Thanks to my cousin, I finally lunched at a Thai BBQ!This restaurant is in a small shopping center, and is the sole non-California Thai BBQ. Inside, a Christmas tree greeted us, and holiday music played. There was enough space to handle a light crowd, yet it wasn't crowded. (It was Friday but I guess their dining room thins out around 1 o'clock?)Our server waited patiently for my cousin to finish a call (checking in every so often) before taking our orders. When I couldn't decide between the mint chicken or moo pad prigking, he convinced me to get the latter.My entree's grounded up chicken was the perfect texture, aromatic, and piping hot, and the mint was a nice touch. The chili wasn't as peppery as I preferred, a problem easily solved by the liberal application of table spices. I worried that I was given too much rice, but was proven wrong by the end of the meal. It's not uber-authentic burn-your-colon Thai, but it's perfectly acceptable for lunch.I left full and happy and so did my wallet - they're not terribly expensive.
2	I think we ate at the Original Thai BBQ on Maryland St. , near Sahara, so I'm not sure if this Jones St. is the same one.  Anyhow...I was pretty disappointed.  I thought this was the same Thai BBQ I used to frequent down in so Cal, and looking at other reviews, I think it is.  They both have the same name.  But that's where the similarity stops.  I got the chicken, which was actually good and a lot of food, but the fried rice was terrible.  They might as well serve plain white rice, at least people wouldn't be disappointed when a reddish colored, bland plate of rice gets put in front of you, claiming to be fried rice.  The spring rolls were huge but too peppery.  Tasted like an egg roll on a stick that you'd find at the State Fair.  Ick.  Tried the green curry, which was too sweet for me, and wasn't even green.  It was white.  Huh?  Someone else ordered the green salad which was basically a whole head of iceberg lettuce cut up with unripened tomatoes, served with a mustard based dressing.  Ick.  You'd think they would offer a peanut based dressing.  I did like the Thai iced tea.  Drank that like water.  I didn't know about free refills since we got it to go.  Lots of food for the money, but quality is ick.
1	Ladies and gentlemenI am 100% sure that this is not an AUTHENTIC "THAI BBQ"Please do not be fooled, just because they have the sign that looks like the chain from LA, rest assured folks, the quality control staff of THAI BBQ have nothing to do with this restaurant.I have eaten their food and it is obvious these people have nothing to do with chain.Just and imposter without its own identity.You have been warned.
5	One of my favorite lunch spot whenever I'm craving for some Thai Iced Tea and Thai BBQ chicken.  Restaurant size is quaint but staff is friendly, price is cheap, and food is scrumptious.  Highly recommended for casual lunch!
4	i love thai bbq. been eating at the ones in LA since i was a kid... not as good as LA, but it is pretty much the same. I get the chicken and rice... It comes with their classic sweet & sour sauce & red rice. its the shit!i also get the beef bbq. super good... dip it in the same sauce... i think you can get it as a combo with the two meats.highly recommended.
4	Came here with about 10 people hungover and food has never tasted so good. I got the Pad-See-Ew with beef (extra spicy) and it was AMAZING. Perfect amount of broccoli and beef. Perfect amount of red pepper flakes. Great portion size (took half home). About to go eat my leftovers  mmm
4	This spot is definitely good by me for decent cheap lunch eats. Lunch for two with two lunch specials, a soda, and a thai iced tea was under 20 bucks.Got to try the Thai BBQ chicken and beef skewers. BBQ chicken was nice and sweet and moist. The beef skewers were good-could have been a little better-they seemed a little chewy. The rice that came alongside was nice and not greasy (ashamed to admit that I have had greasy rice in a Thai place before...don't know how that happened)Thai iced tea was probably one of the best ones I've had! When it is too sweet I can't deal-this one was a nice balance. Overall atmosphere was decent-smelled like thai, everyone was clean, and there were some booths along the walls. Will definitely return, hopefully with the same awesome company I went there with the first time!
4	When it comes to cheap lunches on the westside of town, nothing beats Thai BBQ on Jones. Many a time have coworkers and I stopped in for a great meal on the cheap. Have tried it a few times outside of lunch which just means the portions are a little larger and prices higher but still great Thai food. Oh... and the service is awesome! The only thing I have against this place is their water tastes weird to me, but things like hot tea or ice in my sprite are all good. Odd.... Maybe it is just me.
4	i LOVE this place!The service is quick and friendly.On our last visit, my 2-year old insisted on personally tipping our server with her dollar... :)My boyfriend ALWAYS orders spring rolls and their BBQ chicken dinner.  Its red.  Its tasty. And sweet. And comes with a side of Shrimp Fried Rice.I like to try different things.Their pad thai is what you expect pad thai to be.  Noodles. Spicy. Sweet. Yummy with a squeeze of lime.  I can never finish an order in one sitting...but that can partly be blamed on our habit of ordering too much food at once.They have a nice lunch menu.  I think I've tried their short ribs in black bean or black pepper sauce... the name escapes me but  I remember it being good.Their chicken curry doesnt spark any fond memories for me.  It doesnt bring up any bad ones, either.I think their best dish (or my personal favorite) is the beef curry.  The meat is soooo tender and just a little fatty.  The sauce is spicy and rich and creamy.  And its a nice portion; all beef, no veg.  In my opinion, the best BEEF curry ever.
3	Monster Shrimp Appetizer:A huge salad, with a spicy sweet liquid dressing! So good me and my fiance were trying to pick out the ingredients so we could make it at home! A generous heap of shrimp, and a nice touch of cilantro. A delicious filling lunch or perfect to share as an appetizer.Pork Thai Jerkey:Crisp & dry. Obviously jerky like- This wasn't my favorite, but it came with a stellar sauce! See my pictures, it looks exactly how it tastes. Overall, better than most traditional jerky, with that Bbq Thai twist.For my entree, I enjoyed the shrimp in oyster sauce medium spicy (spiciness coming from strips of green chili). It was good, not an overwhelming portion, which I appreciated. The onions and mushrooms were soft and seasoned nicely as well. My fiance ordered their BBQ beef on skewers with a side of fried rice, a cucumber salad, and a peanut dressing which he wasn't too fond of. I liked it a bit more than he did, but something was off there.The service was excellent and attentive; we had about 4 refills of the Thai Ice Tea which was amazing. Ask for some wet naps if you need them, we both got a bit sticky :)We'll definitely be back.
5	This place is a bit of a whole in the wall but I love it! The reason why I like it so much is because they have combo plates and they have bottomless Thai Iced tea. I hate ordering ala carte . I think if I order meat rice should come with it ..I just hate being nickle and dimed for everything. Whenever I eat here my Thai Tea never goes empty. Which I deeply appreciate after the service that I received at Basil n Lime the prior night. I'd much rather eat here even though it's not the fanciest place in town. They did upgrade their chairs from last time though ...looks much better! I started off with Tom Kar Kai ( Spicy Chicken Coconut Soup). It had chicken with coconut and mushrooms in a hot and sour soup with a touch of lemon grass. It was really good and it also got rid of my sore throat! Then I had their Sa-Te dinner combo which was served with cucumber salad, beef skewers, and shrimp fried rice. It was very tasty and the beef was tender. My husband had a side of their Cucumber salad because he can't eat Thai food two times in a row. (We had to stop at Burger King for him before we came here.) I felt abnormal as he watched me eat but I'm sorry I needed my Thai fix satisfied! I like this Thai BBQ the best because I tried this other Thai BBQ on Flamingo but they didn't offer the bottomless Thai Tea. I'd rather drive further down the road to eat here!
3	Unlimited free refills on Thai Iced Tea! Did I get your attention? If you are an avid fan of this beverage that is perhaps the one and only compelling reason to visit this little hole-in-the-wall. The inside is dark, and the carpet is dingy. The bathroom... well you get the picture.While the food is decent, it can't compete with the better restaurants. Their Pad Thai and Pad See-Ew are only okay. They do have a tasty Garlic Short Rib lunch special and a nice Honey Duck dish that you don't often see at other Thai places.The service is usually warm and eager to please but a bit slow at times. After three or four refills of Thai Iced Tea, the waitress even asked if I wanted a refill to go! Already feeling guilty about my excessive caloric intake, I politely declined. If only there was a diet version...
4	One of the best Thai BBQ restaurants in town. This is a little place but it had some ambiance though (especially compared to the one in downtown). Even though it was small, there was always quite a few customers inside (mostly booth seating) on each side of the main floor. It's not quite a hole-in-the wall kind of place. It's kind of cozy feeling, actually. It's dimly lit, but not dark like the original King & I on Trop/Maryland (really dark inside). The small parking lot is in need of updating/repaving. The thai beef salad, pad thai, and thai style fried rice are pretty good. Portion size was pretty good, too. The prices are reasonable. The service was good. I used to come here a lot. Probably the best one out of the family of restaurants. The one on Maryland comes second.
4	I had to update my review on this place because I had given it 3 stars for their lack of spice.... then the next time I went, they did provide a side of serrano peppers for me to add to my food and made my order spicier than last time.... so I added one more star!! The flavor as it comes is actually excellent and portions are also generous.... I'm just a spice freak...  I definitely enjoyed the summer rolls as well because they were nice and fresh and the dipping sauce was good. The overall menu is not exactly the thai food I expect. No drunken noodles (my favorite), no thai basil dishes.... of course they had pad thai and curry. Lunch specials don't include any noodle dishes (a negative) but the price is fantastic (a positive). I definitely think this is a good place to go for lunch. huge plus on the free thai ice tea refills!! That is not common (:
2	Meh.  I've experienced better.  I ordered a Thai iced tea ($3.00), the yellow curry with chicken ($8.50), and a beef pad see ew ($7.50).  The Thai iced tea was pretty good.  It was toned down in the sugar department, which is good for some folks, but if you are looking for that sweetness you might be disappointed.  The yellow curry was pretty bland.  Even ordered hot with extra chili powder, it wasn't anything to rave about in the flavor department.  Apparently they normally make this curry fairly sweet, but I specifically asked for it without extra sugar.  I can imagine this curry with the extra sugar, and it would probably be a typical Americanized curry.  The curry sauce was watery, which I normally like.  The other thing I liked about this curry was that the chicken seemed to be precooked, and was very tender.  Also, the portion of chicken was nicely sized.  There were a couple of thinly sliced peppers though that were pretty skimpy.I also ordered pad see ew woth beef to go (to go with my Alpha Dog Double Red from Big Dog, yum!).  The noodles were a bit on the overcooked side, although that could have been due to my microwave (I have microwaved pad see ew many times and never had this problem though).  The noodles were a bit on the dry side as far as the sauce used, but that was ok for me.  The kicker was that they don't have Chinese broccoli, so this was served with American broccoli.  Overall, this place might be good for the lunch specials, but there are so many good Thai places around here.  The service was friendly, but a little slow.  The food was okish.EDIT: Its been a while since I have thrown out left over Thai food.  The soggy noodles were just gross.  In fact, I have decided to dock Thai BBQ a star.
4	Definitely a "hole-in-the-wall" type of place... but very good, nonetheless! Lunch specials are a great deal. Plus... free unlimited refills on Thai Iced Tea? Love! I always order the Beef Satay - so yummy and is always more than enough to get me full and satisfied. :)
5	What makes me coming back to this place? EGGROLLS! They are so different then the regular pork or veggie rolls! They have ground pork in these with a spice to it! I am addicted to themI had the chow mein for the first time here and I am happy with the results! The food is always so hot and tasty. Very fast and kind service.
3	this place is yummy and the lunch specials are decent. If you need a thai food fix and are in the area (especially during lunch special hours) This place will hit the spot and is easy on the wallet.
3	I was disappointed because I love the Thai BBQ downtown (by the Stratosphere) and I thought this was a chain, but this is nothing like the other one. I also went to the other two in town and they were even more disappointing. Out of the 4 I have been to in town this one is the second best. My favorite thing here is the mint chicken. Very nice staff though. I would come back if I were in the neighborhood but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
1	Ugh! I have got to stop letting a coworker talk me into stuff. I just can't like this place. I was very hungry when I went here and it gets the half a star for the food being edible. Besides that I don't know what part of this food is "Thai" or "BBQ." Most of the selections on the menu were Chinese or Malay. I had beef satay and rice. The other half of the star was for having passable rice. The beef, not flavorful, kind of tough and only palatable through copious applications of "peanut" sauce. The place is cheap but as the saying goes - you get what you pay for ...
3	I have tried dozens of Thai places, even other Thai BBQ locations, and this one is the one for me.  My Goldilocks spot.  I love the soups.  The chicken sate knocks my socks off.  These are the same owners of Panna Thai which is by my home, but I still drive down here.  Panna Thai is a more upscale offering (and good too).  This is not Thai like being in Thailand, no.  This is Thai for being in America.Plenty of seating. Speedy service.  Call ahead and take-out is very convenient and super fast -as it should be.
4	Portions are big. Refillable Thai iced tea!!!Very friendly service, fast and consistent.My family and I always go here whenever we crave Thai food FAST! We usually call in advance to order our food before we even get there. So by the time we arrive the food is ready and we just dig in!Their Naked Shrimp salad is a crowd favorite. Those giant shrimp and the dressing is just addicting. The Thai Bbq Chicken is what we usually order with their regular fried rice. Everything we pretty much tried all tasted great. From their pad thai to "Sweet Angel," their food was delicious across the board. So no complaints here. I know they have a lot of other locations in the valley, but this one's the one we kept going back to.
4	i'm defanitely a regular here. Find me here about once every other week for their lunch special. Their portions are huge! Good enough for one person to endulge on and then have some left to take home. The lunch special ranges from $6.25 to $6.95 and goes on Monday-Friday from 11:00 am to 3:00pm. After that the prices jack up to like $10-20 a plate. Many places don't serve fresh thai tea, and this place not only serves fresh thai tea but it's refillable! Don't ever expect it to be one from a can! The tastes is rich, smooth, and soft like really light milk. I usually run back and forth with the BBQ ribs or the chicken. I personally like the chicken because its healthier. The marinate is amazing! Everytime I eat there I always wonder how they keep the flavor so rich and full on the chicken! The fried rice is a huge portion, and you can expect the chicken and rice ratio to be very fair and generous when you eat (Everyone knows about the ratio! The rice HAS to equal the right amount of entree in every bite until the end of your meal. If not, it'll be a disaster!).It comes with a side salad which is really just lettuce and two pieces of tomato, but their sesame dressing on it is to die for! So contents, or more so missing contents, of the salad doesn't matter, especially since it's a side salad anyway.Other items to try, is the Naked Shrip Salad which a favorite. The crab ragoons, and the shrimp pad thai. Good luck! Hope you enjoy your experience!
2	Meh I've experienced better definitely sums it up. I've eaten at a couple of Thai BBQ locations (which I've also reviewed) so I know the menu pretty well. Don't give me wrong the food is delicious and the portions are huge. But to me service and atmosphere do play in effect on how my food tastes overall. This place looks run down, from the outside it looks runned down. Insides not any better. I don't think they've ever changed their carpet there because it looks so dirty. I Highly doubt I'd go to this location but the foods good, cheap, for a great value. My suggestion to the owners is maybe re innervate the place.
5	My friends and i are regulars at the place, we come once a week and have dinner. The lady that is the server at night is really nice, and always has a smile on her face. We go there so much she already knows our orders. Needless to say free thai iced tea. Chicken Pai tai and chicken sa tai are my #1 dinner plates, Cant miss the coconut shrimp soup on the side. I highly recommend this place for family,  friends or even couples . Great atmosphere and vibe.
5	Very good Thai food. Excellent service. I just wished that couple sitting across the restaurant would keep their kids quiet! (banging the utensils on table and wall)
3	I came here with my family and aunt on a weekday night. We order a lot of food which was fairly reasonable.- Loved that you can get thai tea refills. bonus!- pad thai is a bit dry. needs a bit more flavor for my preference. - fried rice portion is totally ample. Filipinos gotta have their rice. - bbq chicken is tasty. not dry. a bit bony. good bbq style. - the restaurant is a bit too dark, but i guess its avoid the heat?:)
4	Me and the wife are definitely regulars here now and big fans.  First things first the parking lot is pretty small but I've never had problem finding parking and the decor is a little bit dated hence the 4 stars, but whenever me and the wife go out two eat it's always the food and service we judge first and the decor a very distant second... or is that third?... oh well.  Hey if our table is clean when we set down, our utensils and plate you serve our food in is clean?  I'm good. Ever since we left Orange County a few months ago I've been looking for the closest panang curry I could find to what Thai Nakorn served.  This place is the only one so far that has come close!  I'm not a big fan of Thai iced teas, but my wife is and she think their version is great and you get free re-fills too!
1	Just got my order delivered from Roadrunner foods. I was very disappointed with Thai BBQ. Chicken was extremely dry, shrimp chow mein was mediocre at best, and the pork larb salad so so. The fact that the larb salad was spilled all over the place didn't help either.
2	Really, this place still in business with this kind od low service and food. OMG! we were waiting almost 30 minutes to get our food and they even don't care to come to say it will be delay or anything. food taste is horrible and never go back. place is in the getto area and they do business in getto way!!
4	If you go to a BBQ place - judge them on their BBQ. At Thai BBQ, it's fantastic. The beef sa-te dinner is phenomenal. I get it every time, and leave happy every time. It's just deliciously marinated skewered beef, greasy shrimp fried rice, peanut sauce, and some cucumbers. I've considered eating it every day but I realize the health risks involved.I've sampled the rest of their menu, and it's just like any other Thai place. Nothing stands out, and everything is just fine.It seems like each Thai restaurant has a speciality, and their BBQ plates are definitely it here. Service is fine, and pricing is average as well. Again, nothing else stands out. So if you're in the mood for some greasy Thai deliciousness, give it a shot!If you're with a group, and most people order the sa-te dinner plates - be prepared for a quiet dinner. Nobody talks until they're done. True story.
4	One of the first Thai places in Vegas that my husband and I had tried.  We've tried a lot more since, but every once in a while we find our way back here.  There is only a couple of tables occupied, and service is always great and today was no exception, our order was taken and our drinks brought out.Within a matter of minutes our food began to arrive, I got the ruby chicken, deep fried, stuffed served with a sweet and sour dipping sauce, mixed with red peppers, onion and pineapple pieces.   And it comes with fried rice with shrimp.My husband got the beef sa-te with peanut dipping sauce and we split them both.  We also shared pad thai noddles.  The food was fresh, just enough spice and served pipping hot
5	I've been eating at Thai BBQ since I lived in LA when I was younger & nothing seems to compare to it. My family & I usually order the BBQ chicken (S1) that comes with fried rice & their special sauce. We love their chicken noodle (not the soup but a noodle dish with the fat flat noodles) and pad thai. I can't seem to find another thai restaurant that has the same fried rice, BBQ chicken, or has chicken noodle in general. Portions are also pretty big for the price & thai tea is free refill!! For people complaining about the restaurant looking "old"...I guess those things don't bother me as long as the food is good. Also, I noticed the newer location on flamingo/rainbow is actually different than S. Jones & 3rd street. Everything tasted different than the real "Thai Original BBQ".
5	cant go wrong with the classics...s1&s2
3	I've only had the food because it's down the street from work and one of my boss's favorite places to treat us to. Decent place for a take-away lunchtime snack. We always get the chicken satay and shrimp fried rice. I haven't had anything else there. The food is a little greasy but big on flavor. I wouldn't choose this place outside of my work day, but definitely worth a stop by if you're in the neighborhood. The menu is reasonably priced, food comes quickly, and the staff is friendly.
3	Chicken fried rice was amazing. I tried the ribs for the first time and was not very excited. I prefer korean bbq. But the shrimp dish and chicken friend rice was on point. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. Although the location was not the best and weird people stood around the car and I had to manuver to get around them.
4	I been a fan of Thai BBQ but only this location Flamingo/Jones. I love their Beef Sate, Beef Panang Curry, and Chicken BBQ. Their portion is pretty reasonable. The Beef Sate here is good, it's tender and juicy. Their beef has a lot of flavor and marinated well.
3	Since when do you use regular broccoli in pad as ew? Ewww! I was craving Thai and this place did not fix my fix. I ordered for pick up and when I got there after the 15 minutes they told me, was when they started to cook my food because I heard the guy call out my order again. The chicken they use always looks like the throw away pieces to me too.
4	The food was absolutely great but the reason i'm not giving 5 stars is because i had to rush to finish eating since the air freshener was starting to give me a headache. I so wish restaurant managers would understand that those chemicals that air fresneres spill into air don't only ruin someone's eating experience but can trigger asthma and allergic reactions in people. Restaurant should welcome people with great aroma of food (not some fake discusting cherry).  Same goes about cleaners that you wipe your tables with. Ditch the chemicals please and I'll be back for the wonderful food!
4	Love, love, love the thai beef salad... Shrimp fried rice, amazing... And they don't get skimpy on the shrimp or the size of the shrimp! And unlimited refills of thai tea... When the quality is there... The distance doesn't matter(come all the way from hendo)
3	Tried the BBQ ribs and the chicken sate. Sate was very good. The ribs were a little too chewy for me. All in all it was pretty good.
1	Easily the worst Thai food I've ever had. My medium pad see-ew wasn't just lacking spice-- it was completely devoid of any flavor whatsoever, except perhaps for a vague whiff of wet dog. The spring rolls were a mealy disappointment. Even the Thai Beef Salad was like eating air. Avoid this place at all costs.
5	Their food is delicious ! Always fresh , and service is quick and friendly. I ordered pad kee mow , asked the waitress if they had it since I didn't see it on the menu , and she said they do have it ... I was skeptical at first , as I've had gross pad kee mow before . But it was the best I've tasted in Las Vegas ! Very happy. Will be going back
5	My favorite Thai restaurant!!! My family & I have been coming here for over 10 years. The food is always good & served hot & quickly. We always order family style so it's huge portions that we just share. This is one of the only Thai restaurants that gives refills on Thai tea.
4	I am a frequent diner here at this specific location. I've tried other locations and they are not created equally. I come here for their awesome lunch menu. The beef sate, BBQ chicken, chicken curry, and ribs are my favorite. All the flavors are blended well, are well-sized portions, and come with delicious fried rice to complement each meal. Chicken curry comes with steam rice, but you can request the fried rice. Shrimp Pad Thai is a must-order for me when I am here. However, sometimes I've gotten the Pad Thai dry and bland. They must have had a different cook that day. Thai ice tea is also delicious and not too sweet. Dining area is small but clean. Staff is always friendly and efficient. I always take my friends and families when they are in town and Thai Original BBQ (here at Flamingo/Jones) never fails me!
3	Came here a month ago & quality just wasn't as good as it used to be. :(
4	Visiting the Vegas Strip can prove to be a financial burden for anyone who has to be on a budget. So my friend and I decided to check this place out. Arriving there at 3:00 p.m., we found ourselves amongst a handful of people there at this particular Thai Original BBQ Restaurant location. Really, nothing special when you look from the outside. A small sign in the front is the only indication it MIGHT be a Thai restaurant. But coming in, the smell of this establishment told us it was definitely not going to be bad. We were seated right away. My only complaint might be the lack of any windows. The interior, itself, was dark and dank. We were brought to our seats immediately. The menu was, of course, full of the traditional Thai meals one would expect. But ordering their famous barbecue half-chicken, let's just say it was a flavor explosion- cooked to perfection and basted just right (without the sauce being overwhelming)- and spicy, leaving a nice heat on the palate long after consumption. My friend had the chicken skewers and rice, with peanut sauce as condiment. The thing that also made the experience of note was the speed in which our meals were done (10 minutes from order). No, it didn't feel rushed (yet, it was perhaps the fact we had come in during a not-so-busy time). But the service was nevertheless prompt and attentive, and our waiter always came over to give us refills on our drink as well as to ask us if we were enjoying our meals. Please take into account again that we came at perhaps the best possible time. But if you like Thai food with prompt service, and want to avoid spending exorbitant prices that are typical at the Strip, you ought to consider taking a 10 minute trip outside of it and check out this unassuming-looking spot to satisfy your palate. It's worth it.
3	I've been going to this location since 1998!  There are many Thai BBQ in the valley but this is the only one I go to! It's a hole in the wall type of place but the food here is great! Once you step in you know this establishment has been here for quite sometime.  It has old style booths, the wall paper is old, and the chairs are damaged. The staff has always been kind to me through out the years and have always served me well.  Refilling my water, soda, and Thai tea.  Speaking of Thai Tea this place serves bottomless Thai Tea!!! Wow!!! Drink all the Thai Tea you want!!! It's also one of the best tasting Thai Tea in the valley.As I said, their food is good and they have daily lunch specials.  I don't know what the red sauce is for their BBQ chicken and spare ribs but that sauce is the bomb! It's like crack! Lol
2	I'm disappointed. The usual Thai BBQ I go to on Flamingo/Rainbow closed early, so we tried this one. We had shrimp fried rice and chicken coconut soup. The chicken is dark meat. The soup was bland. The rice had too many onions and chunks of tomato. I'll be sticking to the one I love.The spot is also kind of dirty and smells smoky.
4	Pros: I've been going here for awhile, 4 stars for the food; it's pretty good and the waiter who's probably been working there forever is always nice ans 5 stars for the unlimited Thai tea! It's one of the only place I know who serves bottomless Thai tea :-D Cons: I don't mind looking like a hole on the wall outside but the inside needs a bit of love. I'm NOT a fan of their dim lights, looks so dark in there :-/ I don't know if it's just my preference not to eat in the dark but this is the reason why I usually choose Archi's Thai Kitchen few streets away. and I was very disappointed with the honey duck; it tasted like it has been marinated for a week, the texture was tough, rubbery, and just had way too much fat.
4	This is one of the local restaurants that has good food.  I ordered the beef salad & crab fried rice.  Thai iced tea and chicken dinner, and angel wings for the four of us. The restaurant is very run down and if you look past it's cosmetic flaws the food keeps people like myself keep coming back.  I've been going to this place for almost 10 years.
5	The managers are always super friendly and nice, and the food is always really good :)
1	Never again, I had to request them to reheat my Pad Thai, and they actually did. Asking to Reheat my food relates to GIVE ME A NEW ONE. All my food was Room Temperature or colder...
5	Absolutely yummy! Favorite dish by far is the beef sa-te. Service is quick and the food comes out pretty fast too. Highly recommend this place if you love that food.
5	Amazing food, great customer service, very friendly workers, again GREAT FOOD!!! Great BBQ live their sauce, huge variety to choose from. Can't remember the name of the food I had, but I remember it was L3
1	Terrible place!  Ordered in a small pick up order, and was told it'll be done for Pick up in 15 minutes.  Showed in exactly 15, and sat inside the restaurant waiting an extra 30 minutes.  It wasn't a busy day so that cannot be an excuse.  I will never come back to this place, or refer this place to friends and family.  Ordered 2 Pad Thai's and a Chicken Curry.  I know for a fact it doesn't take longer than 10 minutes to cook all three dishes with an empty restaurant.
5	Lunch time deliciousness! I came here because my friend wanted to go and introduce me to the amazing things on life like the teas and amazing service. We walked in and were seated immediately. They brought us means and my friend order me the orange tea which I should probably get the name of. I took a look at the menu and had not idea what to order, it all sounded delicious and I was starving. I ended up getting the same plate as him. It's beef curry and it comes with a side of rice. The sauce if a mix or curry and coconut milk and has a little spice to it. I couldn't finish mine but I wanted to. It was tender and mix perfectly with the white rice. Defiantly coming back.
3	Here's an honest review of this establishment.. I was so enticed by the photos of food on yelp and instagram I had to give this place a try. I ordered the Thai Bbq with fried rice. The bbq was grest, had a sweet kick to it. . As for the fried rice it was a bit bland. Tasted like regular rice with shrimp.. Their pad thai had lots of flavor to the dish. Definitely something to try.. I must say ive head better thai food elsewhere but I would like to come back and try new things..
5	My 1st time at this location. Food is great ! My wife & I had the BBQ rib plate and combo soup. Will come again while in town
5	Awesome, one of me and my bf's favorite places to eat. That house sauce in the shrimp fried rice is soooo addicting. The Tom Kar Kai chicken coconut soup is one of my favorites... as well as the classic BBQ chicken which is always amazing. We always ask for extra house sauce cups at the end of our visit! Lol
1	Don't go here, your credit card info could be stolen and used for online purchases!!!I went for lunch with a co-worker and forgot to take my credit card back after signing the receipt. The next day I realized I had left it at the restaurant, called them and was told they still had it. However,  the following week I received a notice from my credit card company saying that it had been used to charge $600 worth of merchandise from Victoria's Secret. I didn't give the card to any merchants over the weekend, so it appears that the likely culprit is at Thai BBQ! It seems odd that they would use the card, while also keeping it for me, but who knows - people do crazy things! (The food itself was decent, nothing to complain about.)
1	The worst Thai Bbq I've had. There food is just so different from California Thai Bbq. Being different is fine but there food is like weird different. S2 bbq was so sweet thatvit didn't taste like thai. There portion was so small. The fried rice taste like blant. Sweet and sour chicken was super sweet. Everything we ate was like bad. 1 star was for their staff they were nice & friendly. Will never go back here.
5	Best thai BBQ... I've been to the other one in Vegas and also 3 thai BBQ in Cali (long beach, Carson, and cerritos) but this one is by far my fav place... They have their own style of rice which is so good. their crab wanton and their thai BBQ ribs is soo good...
5	My god... the chicken dinner is awesome.  I completely love this place.  Have not had a bad meal or a bad experience.  Try anything on the menu. All is awesome.
5	My favorite thai place and ive been into many thai places. Thai bbq takes 1st place!! Been going here for years.
4	The beef sate dinner is consistently good here. $11.95 for a pretty big portion. I ordered two beef sate dinners and after splitting it with two other people, still have some leftovers. Their non-bbq menu items can be hit or miss.
3	Chicken was dry. There's nothing worse than having a meal when the food is dry flavorless and not hot. I will give this another try someday but this will not be my first choice when it come to thai.
5	Absolutly amazzzzzing been going here since i was 7 yrs old! Now im 21 employees are very nice. Especially the owners! No other thai place can beat this location!!!!
4	This place was great!! The food was surprisingly good. To be honest I was a little sketch about the area and the restaurant itself.  I definitely judged before trying but I was impressed.I ordered a Thai tea which was good, not too sweet but a little too much milk for my taste. The beef pad see eew was great! Perfect for my taste buds. My husband ordered the garlic spare ribs. It was so flavorful and tasty. Only complaint on that is the pork was a little hard chewing for me but still great.Portion size was okay, not a lot but not as small as I've been reading on here. I would've given it a 5 if I felt more comfortable dining at the place. Overall great hidden gem!
5	I just ordered for take out last night. It was so good. I order S-1 Chicken BBQ and S-8 Beef Sate dinner. The chicken was juicy, it was still juicy even the day after when I was eating my left overs. The Beef Sate came with 6 stick, it was delicious. I hope they cater  because I want to order for Christmas Eve. I love Thai BBQ.
3	.great juicy chicken and  barbequed  beef sate! not bad for a little over 20 dollars. felt cleaner to eat it at home...
5	Great place to get Thai food To Go...  Take it back to your room on the strip...  Tom Yum Koong is great!!!Stewart James
