2	Was forced to use their kennel due to last minute travel changes on a holiday. Every other place in our price range was booked up weeks in advance and this was the only kennel with openings... this should've been a red flag, but I was so relieved to not have to cancel our plans that I thought nothing of it at the time.They had small indoor kennels with minimal to no bedding, and some of the staff lacked the compassion I'm used to at other places. However, they were very inexpensive and, like my usual kennel, part of an animal hospital. When we arrived to pick up our dogs a week later the receptionist said the veterinarian needed to speak with us first. We were told our dogs had to be separated because one of them developed a rash on his testicles. The vet said it was likely from the cleaning fluids. We were given some ointment and a "free" follow-up. After we got home we took a closer look and realized this was not just a little rash; his skin was so raw it was bleeding! In order for this to happen in just 10 days they must've been using some very harsh chemicals and not provided proper bedding for him to lay on. The area took so long to heal it actually required two follow-ups, which they didn't charge us for. As long as they have corrected their cleaning process and now provide sufficient bedding I would say go ahead an use them for a SHORT stay if you have limited funds. However, I wouldn't feel comfortable leaving my pets there for an extended stay.
2	We were forced to use East Mesa Animal Hospital about 6-8 months ago due to a weekend emergency when our regular vet was closed.  Our lab was attacked by a stray pitbull and had some lacerations that needed treated.  First, the staff of the facility was really great...front desk was good and the assistants were great.  However, the older vet was very short with me, not friendly, and very rude with her own staff.  She was issuing commands, pushy with them, and very demeaning.  I honestly don't know how the girls who work there put up with it...they seemed so sweet and just kind of shrugged it off.  But I was very unimpressed.  As far as the facility, from our room we could see at least one of the vet's offices and it was piled high with books and papers...like crazy, hoarder high.  The facility is dated too, which by itself I'm willing to overlook, but combined with my experience confirms I will NOT be going back.  Would give it 1 star, but the treatment did at least work to put off infection, so I guess they have that going for them.
5	I've worked for Dr. Kern at east mesa animal hospital for going on 8 years now, regardless of reviews I've seen, Dr Kern has the animals that are seen here's best interest at heart, though her bedside manner may not be all mushy and sweet, she is an astounding veterinarian and I respect her very much. We are staffed 24 hours a day so your pets are constantly monitored, clean, fed and watered, as well as walked several times during the day and night so no one ever has to hold it. Everyone's expirience may vary here but despite the older look of the building, inside and out, we keep it as clean as possible...it's very very expensive to remodel! Many of our clients and animal friends have been coming here for generations or since she opened her practice in the mid 70's. I have seen her save animals that many would have given up on and I've been a part of many of those rewarding experiences myself...don't judge to book by the cover and remember, we all have our days where things aren't going the best but we manage and attempt to not let that show in our work or demeanor.
