5	This place is sweet.  Brand new hotel.  Big rooms, and nice bathroom.  Refrigerator and microwave.  Free wi-fi.  Nice coffee shop in the lobby.  All for $32.50 a night!  But most of you slackers can't stay there.  Ha ha, that makes it even sweeter!
2	I stayed at the sister inn of the Nellis Inn closer to the Commissary and Bx and wasn't necessarily disappointed with the place's overall aesthetics or comfort level, but the biggest thing was the difference between the newer and older inns. My hotel must have been made completely of concrete and lead as cell phone reception comes to die here. The cable that they had consisted of 4 Spanish stations, a telemarketing one, an evangelist's station, and E! news. God help me I learned more about celebrities in that one stay then I ever want to know the rest of my life. The great thing about this place is that it's not even a 3 minute walk from the 24/7 Class Six (the liquor store). What a beauty that is for someone without a set schedule and a hankering for beer at 3 in the morning.
5	Love this place... and for the price, cant complain! The rooms were big and the beds were so comfortable! (compared to Nellis Suites). I liked the fact that it had microwave/fridge/toaster/coffee so we could eat breakfast in our own room and have drinks in our room rather than running downstairs to buy some. It was convenient all around.
4	You really can't beat a hotel room in Vegas for $39 a night! It's about 10 min off the strip but we hardly even notice that. While we were there there were a group of like 10 Air Force guys in one room that had their door open 24/7 which was pretty amusing. There was free wifi and a pretty big minifridge and a microwave. I didn't see the toaster another reviewer was talking about though.
5	This place is great. For the price you get great service, room, and etch. The pool is very nice, and the gym.The room are very clean and have just about everything you need.Plus there's a 24 hour bar next to the place.
5	It's a beautiful facility. Even if you're staying outside of the main building, all the rooms are beautifully decorated,maintained and kept clean. It's very affordable as well. TLF however needs some upgrading, They're TINY.
4	Price has gone up to $53.00. We have stayed here a few times. It's pretty nice. It was better before, but now I think maybe it's different management and they're trying to cut down.  The WiFi used to work fine, but now it is very slow.  No more Kleenex, just shampoo and soap and that's it.  There is a Blow dryer. You do get a microwave and toaster, fridge. For some reason they are short on wash cloths. The beds are double size, not queen.   If you  plan to eat in the room bring your own paper towels, paper plates, knives and forks. Bring your own Kleenex. There is no continental breakfast), but there is a coffee shop, but not on weekends) Bring your washcloth in case you need extra and they may be short.  There is a laundry, so you can wash your clothes, bring detergent or you can buy a small box here.  There is an ironing board and iron.  It is also very quiet.  OH, I have T mobile gravity and it  does not work on any base, but the Android does, go figure. Cricket works fine on base. OH, by the way, the toaster is in the cabinet above the toaster.  Whats nice too, is there is another sink outside of the bathroom which makes it convenient if you are preparing food or just need an extra sink.  very clean.
5	Awesome! Super clean, big rooms. Our room had two double beds, a mini fridge, microwave,toaster (hidden in cabinet above microwave), ironing board & iron, two closets, and a decent sized bathroom. We weren't expecting much from the hotel before arriving, but it exceeded my standards. Definitely would stay here again!
5	The people that worked there are extremely friendly nice rooms with an mini kitchen. However they charge for extra toliet trees I.e. toliet paper for example. So if you can come prepared
3	The staff is very friendly and the rooms are clean and cold. The only knocks I have on the place are the stupid hard pillows an the crappy wifi. The little coffee shop is great for a quick coffee and a sandwich.
