1	This is a place that can hold a LOT of people, so why, why, why were there only two toilets in the whole place?Lobby was dirty, sport court was dirty, quite a few ceiling tiles were damaged in some way, banners/flags were faded and/or falling down, the drinking fountain in the lobby didn't work, and there was NO SOUND SYSTEM.  Thus, you can't announce games.  It looked like some sort of low-level construction was going on in the area outside the skating surface, but it was hard to tell if it was being fixed, or had simply gotten that dilapidated.  The Roller Hockey Center is going to need a LOT of repairs to be decent.
1	I'm unfortunately going to have to agree with the previous reviewer that this place needs a LOT of work. As fun as the Sin City Roller Girls roller derby match was (total 5/5, you girls kick butt! :D) the actual venue is... slightly terrifying. Amy K. is actually lucky that there were two working bathrooms because on this particular night there was only one. Overhearing that the guest list was upwards 1,000 and having only one bathroom to accommodate all of those people was not a good experience. Everything was dirty or dilapidated in some way, I'm amazed the building is still standing in all honesty. There isn't enough seating at all and I'm glad my friend and I were one of the first ones there who could actually get a decent seat. This location needs a lot of work and I'm sure then it could be a more hospitable environment for events, but for now - yikes. Only roller derby can get me down here!
2	I think I'm being a little more generous with my review than others, but I think that's more in the context of being with my friends and having a good time with them.  Nostalgia star +1There's no denying that the neighborhood this place is in looks scary.  I've been to a lot of places that are iffy, and this is definitely one of those "Walk from the car quickly, walk back to the car quickly" places.  The area is dark and scuggy (which is a cross between scrungy and ugly, for those not used to utilizing made-up words).  It also needs more lighting outside by a longshot, especially seeing other families and kids present.I went to see roller derby there, and while the event was fine, I think the girls deserve a better venue.  I understand roller derby may be considered a little underground or alternative, but this place looks like a high school gym.  Actually, I have seen nicer high school gyms, so what the Hell, hockey center?The event seemed popular.  Why are there not enough seats for everyone?  Other people have hit the high/low points of the venue, but I have to agree: Better sound system, more accessible scoreboard so you don't have to crane your neck like Linda Blair in "The Exorcist" to see it, a proper concession stand, better toilets, a paint job, fix the cracks, less scary toilets, etc.  One could probably draw in even more roller derby enthusiasts if they had a place to sit and didn't look so dirty.The amusement to me was the church next door with the painted on building front.  That is some serious Wile E. Coyote style illusion without a doubt.  But I had trouble initially finding the hockey center because its signage is not very obvious.The event was fun enough, my friends were great, but the place needs some major TLC.
3	Ok so I have walked in here to check it out. And frankly for roller hockey, the fact that Vegas has an indoor rink is amazing as its sadly quickly becoming an obselete sport.Anyways it wasnt bad, but it could be a whole helluva lot better. I would have like to seen more pamphlets on upcoming events, games, practices, open skate times etc.Theyre is no place in town that I have found to buy roller hockey gear, and Im a consumer I like to fondle products before I buy them so I was hella disapointed at the bleak selection and the fact the three times ive been theyre they were closed.They're is also no one available to get info from.The owners need to look up Water City roller hockey and model theyre rink operations off of them.  Cause they took a delapadated army gym and turned it into a central coast roller hockey hot spot where I used to play.It is in a "scarry" nieghborhood. But frankly the people who own/work and frequent the stores surrounding them, they're driving scares me more getting through in one piece christ its like they aim for you.Problem number two, the very first time I ever went there I was looking around checking it out and actually looking to buy some equipment so while poking around wondering if the shop was open I could actually hear a guy jacking off or something in the mens room.... Theres no door on the mens room so you could plainly hear it and I as a lesbian was totallllly grossed out. Way uncalled for.
3	This rink is bad. Not outdoor rink bad, but there are places that are soooo much better. The rink itself is lumpy, so much so that the puck will occasionally catch air on it's own. The benches are fairly worn and beat up, but they are serviceable. I like that they raised the bench area a little so it's easy to jump on the rink, There isn't really any glass separating the penalty boxes and benches so it's pretty sparse on the bench area.The bathrooms are seriously horror film. We dubbed them the "Saw" bathrooms.The locker rooms are actually pretty decent, no showers, but decent for roller hockey. I would give this place a two or one normally, but this is the only show in Vegas for Roller so it's both the worst and the best.
1	If any venue is in need of an extreme makeover, it's this place. Located in the same plaza as Lotus of Siam, this place is a dump -- and that's an understatement. They don't even try to make it look decent. There's broken crap everywhere, ranging from destroyed pieces of drywall, broken tables, chairs, insulation scattered about... it's a fucking mess.The reason I stopped by was to see a friend perform in a WWE-style pro wrestling match for the Adrenaline Unleashed group (http://www.adrenaline-unleashed.com/). The event itself was lots of fun, plus it was cheap -- only about $5 per person. It makes you appreciate the hard work, dedication, and precision of the performers in the WWE. No, really, I mean that. It looks dangerous and you'd never catch me doing that. I'd give the wrestling match good marks, but the venue... no way. The venue sucks.
5	Been playing here for a few years and I have seen this place transform. From a snack bar downstairs to the arcade getting put in, it is all coming together.  It's been great to see up close.  The owner Dan and his family are great people and run a great rink.
5	Dan has done an amazing job with the rink!! It has made a total 180 from where it was months ago.. Keep up the good work sir!! I love this rink!
2	I use too play roller hockey but made the transition too ice hockey years ago. So going too indoor roller hockey rink is little nostalgic but at the same time brings back my passion for HOCKEY. Roller is the game that got my passion started and still burning too this day. I use too play at crystal palace back before turned too ice rinks. I will give credit is due. God bless Dan for keeping the game going in Vegas offering place for adults too kids get their roller hockey on. Not too mention place for roller hockey derby girls place too call home. Unfortunately I feel so many things that the place falls short on. I know the rinks been there for years. So from past I have no basis just too tell things I did see. I saw was really nice bathrooms definitely been redone or new. Obvious you can tell the building was never designed specifically for inline skating. So the space around the floor just so wide looks awkward with couple metal bleachers. If your there watching roller hockey tournament (the reason for my visit supporting iceacholics teammate) might want too bring cushion. Not the most comfortable bleachers. The locker rooms can not tell you since not in the tournament. The floor looks nice but really not the best sport court its slow and could be lot more cleaner. They do have snack bar area but not open during the tournament. If the rink level area is turn off there bar upstairs that can watch the games.  The area that located in for sure not the best area of town. The parking lot is well lit and not like walk very far too get too your car.  Overall nothing great about this roller hockey rink. I see way WAY better roller hockey rink that everything top notch and tell the owner takes no short cuts especially comes too the the game. If looking too play roller hockey rec league Las Vegas Roller Hockey is  your only option.
