4	Woke up to the man of the house weasing & barely able to lift his furry lil head.  After a few hours his condition seemed worse & he wasn't drinking.  The last time I saw a kitty with these symptoms, he was on the verge of renal failure at 17 yrs of age.  This lil guy is only 5, so off we go to WTAH.The vet techs were extremely comforting as I was near panic wondering why it seemed like Aslan couldn't breathe.  When we were able to see the vet, she offered multiple solutions for diagnosis answering many of my questions.  Vet consultation:  $45X-rays: $129General health panel: $91Feline Leukemia screen: $76The general health panel included 31 lab results so that we could identify any immediate areas of concern.  All of his results returned in the normal range & they provided a copy  for my records.  Leukemia also returned negative.  Aslan was sent home with an antibiotic and the vet informed me if I didn't see improvement in a few days, to return for a procedure similar to a contrast test humans might get in radiology.The lil guy is ok now.
5	This is the best Vet I have ever taken any of my dogs to. We have one little gal who has a chronic disease that requires a lot of visits, which is good because if there is one thing I hate, it's having extra money. I am proud to say that the entire staff's children can afford to go to the finest colleges, thanks to my dog, Vixen. On a serious note, the staff is super friendly. Jeremiah is always in a good mood, even though he practically lives at the place. Dr. Rollins and Dr. Satkus are excellent and honest. We will continue to bring all 3 of our dogs to WTAH.
5	We have been taking our dog Oreo to White Tanks since it opened... he was even present for their open house costume party.  :) The staff is always friendly... we love Jeremiah and Rachel! The doctors are also very friendly, compassionate and thorough. The prices are competitive and well worth it. We even buy all Oreo's food, snacks and dental care products there. It is comforting to know that our "baby" is getting the best care possible. We will continue taking Oreo and any other pet who joins our family to White Tanks.
5	Well, our little Vixen passed away a few months ago. It took me a while to want to write about it, but it does give me another great (considering the circumstances) opportunity to review WTAH. The techs and Dr. Rollins were excellent in allowing us to say goodbye to our girl with dignity. They even sent us a card and made a pawprint for us after she passed away. I'll never take our dogs anywhere else. Thanks guys.
5	This is where I entrust the health and safety of my dogs to.  They are very good and professional.  The groomer here just spends so much time on my dogs she really seems like she loves them as much as we do.  I won't take them anywhere else.
3	White Tanks is a good veterinary practice; however, they are very expensive. I have taken my dogs there for a couple of years. I appreciate the weekend hours very much. Perhaps that is why they are overpriced for some of the services. If you don't have a lot of extra money, be forewarned. The vaccines and the exam fees are reasonable; however, they charged me $44 to express the anal glands ($44 each dog!!!) It took approximately 5 minutes of their time for each dog, I was shocked and very disappointed when I saw the charge after I got home.  No one mentioned the unusually high fee before the glands were done. I could afford to pay it but there are people who would have a hard time, so again, be warned, ask before you agree to treatment if money is an issue for you.
5	Thank goodness for these guys, I found a hurt bunny on the road and took the poor little guy here. They were kind to help the bunny not suffer, and didn't ask any money of me. They were open when the other places were not, which helped. Yelp helped me find them when I was sitting outside the other vet hospital up the road that was closed.
5	Our three Maine Coons had an excellent, relaxed first visit here yesterday. The facility is large, clean, and well-staffed by a friendly team. Same day appointments are often available and the practice is open 7 days/week. We were especially impressed with Dr. Rollins, who approached our cats quietly and gently, keeping them completely relaxed throughout the exam, and noting issues very calmly. He and his technician Mary had a wonderful rapport with the kitties--and with their human parents as well.Dr. Rollins even called us today to see how the cats were feeling after their visit and shots.  Yes, their rates are expensive, but for high quality care that keeps our little monsters serene and healthy, we are willing to make the investment. Their website often has coupons available and they also discount some services for multiple pets.
4	I have been moving around a lot lately, so now that I know I will be here for a while, it was time to get the kittens in for more than a Banfield checkup.  The staff and the Dr. were very nice and helpful.  They gave me lots of info on lots of things related to my kitten.  They were nice and treated HOVA with respect and love and that's all that matters.
4	We love taking our dogs to this place!  It is always super clean and they KNOW your dog.  They check up on them after each visit. And you can tell when they are in the exam room with you that everyone there is really a dog person. When we have had emergency situations they have been very flexible getting us in at a  decent time. The prices are reasonable and they even give a military discount.
4	Overall I've been pleased with their services, I've been using them for more about 5 years on all my furry friends and they are open 7 days a week even late. If you have an emergency they can always get you in. Recently our new dog broke his back leg, and they were more than fair in getting us in right away and communicating with Arrow Animal Hospital for me to arrange for surgery etc. Although we did the surgery at Arrow AH, our follow up appointments and bandage changes have all been through White Tanks. Recently our dogs leg had swelling, the vet wanted to keep him throughout the day and overnight for observation all with no charge. I do genuinely feel like they have my pets best interest in hand. While the charges do seem high (I agree with other reviewers), they are fair with ruling certain sicknesses out before going straight to other costly procedures. Jac (the groomer) is hand down the best in town!
5	Shout out to Jac!! We took our Welsh Terrier there recently for the first time & are so very pleased! She did a terrific job!!  (We'll also be using the doctor's there.)
5	Oh my gosh, so professional and so helpful in our time of need with our pup. We went hiking at White Tank Mtn. and my dog bite right into a blowing cacti ball thinking it was a lizard. We lucked out with them cause they were opened on the weekend as most vets aren't and they were only about 10-12 minutes away from where we were at. We called ahead to give them our information and let them know what happened and we were on our way. They took sone of our info over the phone to get us in quicker. Our poor baby was bleeding profusely all over the back seat of our vehicle and me it was like a murder took place. We walked right in and they quickly moved us into a room. We filled out some paperwork and within about 15-20 minutes of arriving, the doctor came in and took our little Luke right away. They were extremely helpful and seriously the nicest people! We were so worried that we would be charged an arm and a leg but their prices were very reasonable and affordable. Which just made a terrible situation a little better. Hours later, we picked Luke up and he looked and acted like his normal self again. I wish we lived closer so we can switch our vet office!!
5	After getting our furry monster AJ, we took every precaution necessary to make sure our little guy was happy and healthy. White Tanks made sure he was!The staff and doctors here are absolutely wonderful. They answered every question we had and didn't rush us out like most vet offices. Also they are reasonably priced, offer a military discount, and a no interest payment plan.You won't find a better animal clinic out there, White Tanks Animal Hospital is the only place to go!
1	I took my dog there once and will never go back. They charged me over $300 for an exam and meds.  They told me the side affects would make my dog extremely thirsty and hungry.  I took her home and she completely stopped eating.  I thought she was dying.   I called them back and told them what was going on so they scheduled my dog for another appointment, for another $50. Thankfully I checked Google and got an accurate list of the meds side affects.  I stopped giving her the meds and she was fine.  This place was more interested in $$$ than helping my dog.
1	Beyond upset. I used to take my dogs there but not anymore. All they care about is getting your money from you and not the health of your animal. They almost killed my dog because they wouldn't take the time to actually figure out what was wrong. He saw every vet that works there... Not one could tell us what was wrong with him and when I asked for him to be removed from the meds they put him on they said no they're working, Yea working on killing him that was about it! Seriously don't go here if you love your animal!
5	We are new to the area and this was the second vet office we visited. I am glad to say I think we have found our permanent vet! Dr. Laural Casler and all the vet techs took excellent care of our golden retriever. Dr. Casler did a very thorough exam and took time to talk to me about the health concerns with our pet and various treatment options. She even called us a few days later to check up on our dog and see how things were going. I really feel that this office goes above and beyond for their clients. We are very happy here and I wouldn't go anywhere else.
