4	Mike Thai - ResurrectedMenu is the same.   Went there before the grand opening.   Food was good.  Not sure if it was up to the previous excellence of Mike's.   Anxious to get back there and try a few more of my favorites.
2	I've been 3 times, and I don't think the quality approaches what Mike, his wife, and his mother offered in terms of food quality.  Something major has gone wrong with each of my visits so far, 1st being the seafood in the red curry was really chewy, overcooked, and possibly over aged.  2nd being the little boat appetizer nearly chipped a tooth it was so hard.  3rd being the waaaay too sweet mussaman curry I had the 3rd time.  I really wanted to like this place because it housed Mike Thai which I thought was superb on a level with Siam Orchid, but, alas, no.  Might comeback in 6 months in hopes of something radical changing.  Not quite worthy of a 1 star as that should be reserved for places that induce rage and disgust., and Swan Thai summoned quiet, bitter disappointment.
5	Oh my gosh, we are so happy this place opened!!!! We eat here about 3x a week, normally we get a to-go order  of the crying tiger, two orders of the sweet sticky rice, and order of the #13 soup medium hot and two large THAI Ice Tea's....YUMMM!!!! The dining room experience is nice and the people are very friendly. If you are in East Mesa- for sure visit swan thai!
5	Do you love great Thai food?  Authentic Northern Thai food can be found at the Swan Thai.  I found this little jewel of a restaurant last month and eat here once a week.  The food is fantastic, the service is wonderful, and the decor is beautiful.  Check this place out it's well worth the trip!
4	Surprised to find this gem in an almost empty strip mall. Superb food and great ambience. There is something here for everyone. The Crying Tiger is a great steak. Sweet and sour is not overly fruity. Coconut icecream is worth having as main course. Food is so authentic, the servers may not understand you well. Who cares? Great food in a classy restaurant.
5	LOVE this restaurant.  Food is delicious, made to order, and generous portions.  Trust me, you will not be disappointed. Quality is outstanding, service excellent, clean environment, and GREAT customer service.  Be sure to try the curry noodles and rama beef.  Great together.  You must have the coconut ice cream.  Large serving, fresh taste.  Authentic!  Try it and you'll go back again and again.
4	Recently found this place.  Awesome food.  Have only done takeout.  No kids menu though
3	Since moving to Arizona, the only good Asian restaurants I've tried are usually Thai restaurants. I always order Pad Thai, so this is the beginning of a comparison of Pad Thai in Mesa & Phoenix.I got the lunch special Pad Thai with fried tofu. It was $6.95 + tax. The portion was decent, and they gave me a good amount of tofu. There wasn't lime, and not enough bean sprouts/peanuts in my dish. I asked for lime but they only had lemon, so I used that instead. I liked that it wasn't very oily, but maybe that's why the Pad Thai wasn't as flavorful in my opinion.
2	Decent food but a little over priced. They do have an OK lunch menu. My first trip there took over 2 hours for a business lunch. There are 3 Thai places I go on a regular basis, this is not one of them
2	Food was okay.  Service terrible.  10 minutes and nobody greeted or sat me.  Ordered drink then 7 minutes later was asked for food order, still no drink.  When food came had to ask for utensils and napkin. 18 minutes waiting for change. All this poor service and there were only 5 other guests in restaurant.  Very disappointed.
4	This Thai food is amazing. The service was somewhat slow, but well worth the wait. The curry is delish and the soup divine. Overall yumalicious!
2	Only ordered here once because they messed the order up, and I like Tum Nak Thai better.
4	Service was so slow, and that is the only reason that its lacking a five star rating.Food is absolutely amazing, whether its take out or eat in. Such a romantic spot that my honey and I decided to eat in tonight and enjoy some time together. The service was really slow, but assuming it was because they were under staffed and busy, totally not a big deal; plus I was busy making googly eyes at the hot man beside me.Order:Honey Chicken and Pad Prik King with BeefBoth with Brown RiceFood came out with white rice, again no biggie; however we were done with the meal before it came out. Big bonus for them not charging us for rice. Food was absolutely incredible; honey chicken is down right lick the plate good, and not even gonna lie I took some of the man's sauce to put on my rice. So delish! Definately will be back again and again. Love, love love!
2	We selected Swan Thai based on it's good ratings here on Yelp.  Oops.  As a someone who's traveled in Thailand, and loves good Thai, I was disappointed in the food.  Both the fried rice on my husband's dish, and the stir fried noodles in my selection, had a strong, fishy smell and taste.  Neither of us finished our meal, it was that bad.  The waitress did offer to bring us something else but we declined, suspecting everything would have the same flavor.On a positive note, the dumpling appetizer was tasty, well prepared and presented with color.  The sauce was spicy and full flavored.Given the number of restaurants in the area, I won't go back to see if other dishes might be better.
4	Love their food! When I was pregnant I ate the red curry like it was going out of style!
4	The place always seems empty, with just a few tables occupied in this largish restaurant.However, that's great. No waiting...ever.The food is terrific, service is pleasant, and prices good.  I'm not giving it a 5-star because the waitresses nod and smile, but mostly they speak "menu English" and it is certain that they fail to understand most of what is said to them. If I make a request to omit an ingredient I don't like, there's at least a 50-50 chance that either the waitress doesn't understand or the kitchen doesn't.I recomment this place for a quiet dinner or lunch, you can have a private conversation, and you'll leave full and hungry (but not broke).Enjoy!
4	Swan Thai has a 5 point scale when you order how spicy you want your food.  A good indication of how good a Thai place is for me is whether a place has the capability of living up to the spice they claim they put.  A lot of times I go to Thai restaurants that ask for medium or spicy, and I get very mild.  Usually these are more Americanized type restaurants.I ordered the larb chicken salad with level 3 spice.  I know I might be in Arizona in the summer, but I was eating inside and I was sweating profusely from the top of my head through my nose.  The food was quite tasty, but I will be careful and get a level 2 spice next time.  Other than the extra spices, I was quite pleased by the tangy flavors of the larb.All my other coworkers seemed to enjoy their food as well.
3	Went here for lunch yesterday. Was pleasantly surprised that they brought out some tasty chicken soup almost as soon as I sat down, in the style of a Korean restaurant. Apparently the soup comes with every meal. I ended up ordering the Pad Ba Mee (noodles and fried egg) with chicken, and it was good. Nothing outstanding, but good. They didn't leave a mint with the check, though, which I consider a must for any restaurant that serves a lot of spicy food. Besides that, everything else was fine. Giving this 3 rather than 4 stars because nothing really jumped out at me as being great. It also doesn't have much of a homey feel.
5	It's great food!  And surprisingly fancy for such a reasonable price.  Best Tom Ka Gai in town!
5	I was referred to this place by a friend from Thailand.  It is super good and I have been going there ever since.  My favorites if  you want to try them are Chicken Panage  Curry and Yum Neau (#17).  I like it spicy but you can adjust that to your taste.  Dessert would be sticky rice with mango and coconut ice cream, Yum!
4	Been here twice and liked it both times.  The first time I went I had the crying dragon.  It was steak that came on a sizzling hot plate with spinach, onions, and bell peppers under it.  It also came with this special sauce that was very good with the steak.  It came with a bowl of rice. Yum!The second time I went I just go the beef pad thai.  I ordered it hot but I should have ordered it medium hot and added more spice to it if I needed to.You get a lot for the price here.  The service is good the waitress we had both time was very nice.
2	Something has happened here. Something bad. Really bad.This used to be our favorite Thai restaurant; we frequently brought out-of-towners here, and enjoyed the fresh food, the very quiet restaurant, and the beautiful surroundings. I've introduced several people to this restaurant, and we've never had a bad meal here in the past. The fact that the restaurant is almost empty most of the time made us wonder how it could stay in business. The food was always very fresh, very delicious, spiced superbly, and the ingredients were authentic and of high quality.As I said, something happened.To start, the sign outside says "Swan Thai", but the logo on the menus is from another restaurant. We asked and the waitress told us that the owner has two restaurants, and the new menu is the same as the other restaurant. Denied any change of ownership. Weird, but we went along with it. Then the food came and the difference was obvious, compared with what we've had on every other visit--more than 30 in total, I'd say.Egg rolls have changed--now mostly cabbage, instead of the meat/noodle types we have always received here. Curry dishes have such thin, liquid sauces--and nearly tasteless, too--that the comparison with mildly curry-flavored water seems apt. The Thai BBQ chicken was terribly dry, ridiculously small,  and did not seem fresh--seemed like it could have been made a few days before and microwaved when we ordered it. The larb salad had a strange spice in it, and although it seemed fresh, there was a spice used in this version that I've never had in any other restaurant's version of this dish--and as I say, I did not care for it.There was one bright spot during this meal: the chicken satay appetizers were big, fresh, well-cooked, and very tasty. The waitress was pleasant and tried hard, but obviously she had nothing to do with whatever was happening (or not) in the kitchen. She changed out one of the curry dishes to one that was mildly better, but still not nearly up to the previous standard. And she removed the larb salad from the bill. I can only hope that this train wreck has happened because the regular chef is on vacation or went home to Thailand for a visit.  This place was SO GOOD in the past, that we'll give it one more try in a few weeks to see if there's been a recovery to the previous glory. If that's not happened, I'm betting this place will not survive long.
2	I'm sorry to report that Jeremy L. was right.  I used to eat here or order takeout maybe once every couple months, over a period of a few years.  Consistently excellent flavor, generous portions, and quality ingredients.  My favorite was the garlic lover chicken, served in a rich brown garlic sauce over spinach.  They don't have it anymore.  My husband liked the cashew chicken, which always had plenty of meat and a variety of vegetables.  We always ordered the Tom Kha Gai soup.Today's experience:  Soup was just ok, not as flavorful and didn't have the deep red color we've come to expect.  Cashew chicken was very bland, and was mostly green peppers, carrots, and onion, very little chicken.  I ordered the red curry chicken instead of the garlic lover.  It was ok, but not as good as I've had in the past.  It's a lot more disappointing when you know you should expect better.I'm sad and disappointed that we'll have to find a new Thai place near our home.  We won't be ordering from Swan Thai again.
5	I love this place. I work across the street and we all order from Swan Thai at least once per week. I always get pad woon sen. The lunch special is only $5.95 and comes with a small egg roll. The chicken in the pad woon sen is white meat and not processed (I am picky about chicken), and the veggies are fresh. Since I get take out I really can't comment on the service but it is small and family run, they are always nice to me.
5	Good paad thai, good pineapple curry, amazing paad grapow....never had bamboo shoots in this dish but it was an excellent texture addition. The satay was the best I have ever had, huge and reddish yellow juicy sweet roasted chicken served with peanut sauce that was elusively savory and sweet. If I ever come back I am ordering two as my meal. One tip: the grapow is spicy but not authentic. The green american sweet green peppers are just a sham, but are listed in the ingredients in the menu. More basil would have been better. Ask for it to be made authentic with kai dow and green beans not sweet bell peppers and you will get it. Environment was pretty, wide open spaces, but comfy. The wait staff was one sweetly talkative Thai gal who smiled through my butchering her language. Thai Iced coffee were ordered and reordered. I would have had a third, it was so good. They serve Sanbal Olek, Prik dong and dried chili served. Again, Thai gal that sweetly tolerated my questions and made the dining experience fun and authentic. My wife talks about this place constantly and says the peanut sauce was the best she has ever had.
1	I ate here tonight and must say that this was the worst Thai that I've eaten. I love Thai but this was not up to par. I ordered shrimp wonton soup and it was chicken. My meal was supposed to be cashew prawns and I didn't taste or see a single cashew. I also ordered maximum spicy and the was no heat. If I wasn't feeling under the weather I probably would have complained. Oh well, I just won't go back.
4	Ok so  I came back and tried this place again. Waitress was friendly & chef made my dish even though it wasn't on the menu! They even made it a "7" xtra hot!!
2	Meh! I wasn't impressed. It was just decent thai and nothing special. I wouldn't go there again. Is rather eat at Thai house nearby.
2	I have eaten here several times and for the most part, dinning in seems to be a solid 3 stars, maybe 4 if I'm feeling particularly generous. However, I will never be a customer here again, in any fashion. Why? Because of their utter failures in the take out department. 2 flippin times these clowns have ruined our night by butchering our take out order. I would call to express their liability for the screw up and no responseability was ever taken. Were it not for the decent dine in experiences  we have had, this would one star for sure.
