1	In trying to support a local business I placed an on-line order here for delivery of flowers on my sister's birthday two days before.  I received an e-mail from someone named Cynthia that they could not deliver in time, were going to refund my money and to find someone else.  The problem was because this e-mail was not from "Desert Oasis Floral", but from a random person's name, the e-mail went into my spam folder so I did not see it until a few days after the flowers were supposed to be delivered.The e-mail was one sentence with no apology, no phone call and no option to even pick something else.  If I had received a phone call in time I would have gladly picked something else if I had been given the opportunity.  As a business owner myself I would never treat a customer like this.  I found this extremely unprofessional and my sister thought we forgot her birthday.  BEWARE, if you are getting flowers delivered.....  It might be better to find someone else.
2	The staff was friendly and accommodating. I had an arrangement made for my grandma. After I left I looked at the flowers and some of the roses edges were dried/dead. I think the flower arrangement was over priced for what you what you got. :-(
1	I am so torn on this review...we chose to use Cynthia and Desert Oasis for our wedding because it was in close proximity to everything. We had arranged all flowers for the big day except for the cake. About a month before the big day, we arranged to have four dozen rose buds for the layers on our cake, in addition to our previously arranged order. The flowers for the wedding party, as well as our parents, and my bouquet, were simply gorgeous. However, when we got to our reception site, we had ten rose buds. We received only a quarter of the amount for which we had placed the order. I never did receive any kind of receipt for the additional flowers, which is my fault. However, four dozen roses is not cheap, and I was stuck with over $100 worth of additional costs - and a paltry looking wedding cake. It was embarrassing, and very costly.
5	Cynthia went the extra mile to deliver a beautiful arrangement to my godmother who is hard of hearing and didn't respond to the doorbell. Thanks for going back three times until the flowers were delivered! She also gave me a credit because the flowers weren't delivered on the scheduled day. I highly recommend this business.
2	First time ordering flower from this company and I'm not happy with what I got.  I'm very disappointed, the flower (fashionista Blooms) that I order didnt even come close to the picture on their website.  Not worth spending $82 bucks.
1	I had a very positive experience in January of 2014 with a $120 bouquet for my wife's birthday.  Based upon that experience, I ordered the premium version of "Dance With Me" bouquet which, according to the photo 16 red roses and 16 carnations in a vase delivered for Valentine's Day.  I placed the order 3 weeks in advance.  They were to deliver the bouquet to the front door if my wife was not home as they did in January.  Even though she was home all afternoon and evening, no one came to the front door.  I came home at 6:00pm and looked around - no flowers.  At 9:00pm we went outside and found the bouquet in our driveway.  However, it got worse.  The bouquet consisted of 3 roses and 6 carnations.  Not even remotely close to the photo on their website.  The one star above is because it was easy to order online.On Saturday the 15th, I called Desert Oasis.  The person that answered said they could help me.  I said I was very dissatisfied with the bouquet as it was not even close to the photo.  I also pointed out that on the website, there was a 100% satisfaction guarantee.  That person put me on hold to consult with someone else.  When she came back, I was told "The designer did the best she could".  My response was that was not acceptable.  I reminded the person of the guarantee.  Her response was I had to accept the bouquet that was delivered as the designer did the best she could and their substitution policy allowed them to replace what I ordered with a bouquet of comparable quality and value.  I said are you telling me you consider 3 roses comparable to 16, 6 carnations comparable to 16?  I was again told the designer did the best she could.  No other options were available such as replacement or refund.  I said I would dispute the charge on my credit card (which I did).  Her reply was "Do what you have to do."  I told her you've just lost a customer.
