4	I went to a friend's rehearsal dinner here last night... I was impressed with how friendly the staff was and the food was pretty good too.  It's a private club, so I assume you need to be a member or attend an event that is hosted by a member to dine in their restaurant or golf on their course.  The building seemed a bit outdated, but welcoming and comfortable.  It was the perfect place for a rehearsal dinner and it was one of those rehearsal dinners that was actually fun - excited for part 2 of the festivities tonight... the wedding!Yelp review coming soon for Silverleaf, can't wait to check it out; it's a weekend full of wedding festivities at private clubs!
4	Course was in great condition leading into the winterseason.  Beverage carts were frequent and the price was just right (Free) sponsored scamble.  I asume the price is a litle steep inseasn but with 27 holes you can play multiple rounds with sme variety.
4	This is pretty little golf course! I generally prefer a course that doesn't have a million houses surrounding it, but there is some architectural diversity in the homes around Gainey, and the course itself is very appealing.I played the Dunes/Lakes rotation today (Gainey Ranch has 27 holes, which is great from both a variety and pace of play perspective).The course has a nice variety of terrain and is well kept and lush. The Lakes has water in play on several holes, and requires accurate approach shots on a number of holes. The Dunes, while somewhat drier, has its own difficulties to navigate, with a number of dry washes, and desert terrain, as well as a narrowing of the landscape in the driving areas for the big hitters.If you tend to leak your shots (or somewhat more than leak) this will be a difficult course on which to score well. It is hard to start a shot at a house and hope that it slides back to the right and in play!The course is very well maintained and the service is first rate (it is a country club, after all). Beverage carts are plentiful and well stocked, so that adds to the fun!They have a nice patio for a beer after the round, and it's a pleasant 19th hole, to sit and recount the good shots and forget the average after the round. If they would let me walk the course, it would be just about perfect!
4	Great course.  Over all a stunning course with perfect grounds, but I guess October is a great month there.  Not to hot. It was in the low 80's when I played.Do you play Golf or do you Golf?Well I Golfed and I kicked A........sk me later.If you can you need to hi this course.  Lots of Bev Carts and Club house has a great view.  I realy liked the two Palm trees that leaned to a perfect "A" at top. I was hoping that pot of 'Gold was under it.Have Fun
5	Awesome country club! We've been members since 1986 and the people and staff there are just great!
4	Great facility, beautiful view, and surprisingly good food too!  My company hosted our annual awards ceremony here a few weeks ago and a good time was had by all!
4	This was a great course. Very well maintained and quite scenic. The greens were a bit slow due to overseeding. Also, it was cart path only. Always good when I don't lose any golf balls.
4	its a great little course...Its a members only but was able to play since I stayed at The Hyatt...Hotel rate is xpensive but they were able to get me out on the "Dunes" course as a single...I played it in 90min for the 9 holes but i could have finished in 60 min...I played 2 balls the last 4holes to try to get my money's worth...=)....Super nice staff and excellent amenities!
4	Tucked away in the beautiful neighborhood of Gainey Ranch, this golf course is always well maintained and a lot of fun to play.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gainey-ranch-golf-club-scottsdale?select=ddJQR3mOXAIv0zd-t16Ivw#ddJQR3mOXAIv0zd-t16Ivwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gainey-ranch-golf-club-scottsdale?select=kusbWXjbAeoZfgSOxxg4dA#kusbWXjbAeoZfgSOxxg4dAI enjoy playing here mid-week when it's less busy.  Sometimes we'll sneak away from work early and play an afternoon round.  I can't wait to get back on the course.Return Factor - 80%
4	Gainey hits on all cylinders for me every time I come to play this track.Service from the club staff has always been great and I love the free range balls you are provided so you can get in a warm up without spending extra cash. Also, they have a free water station available so you can get loaded up with ice cold H2O before your four hour round in the Arizona heat.I like that they have three different 9 hole links to play making for a nice combination of 18 and a different variety every single time I get out. They are aptly named "Lakes", "Arroyo", and "Dunes" due to the different lay out that each provides.I'm always looking forward to my next round at Gainey. Exceptional service, well manicured grounds, and a fun variety of play options makes for a great time on the links.
