4	Finally Which Which opened its doors in south Charlotte. I've been to their two other locations and thought they were pretty good, so I headed here for a late lunch. I called in my order, and they said it would be ready in 10-15 minutes (what I asked for). I drove over and walked in, and my sandwich was ready.Let me take a step back and talk about the place itself. If you've been to a Which Which you can probably skip this paragraph as this Which Which looks like all of the others. Lots of metal and a nice modern vibe. Light wood chairs--you get the gist. The food is also pretty good. Normally you take a bag and fill out the little circles on the bag with what you want--but they did this for me when I got my takeout. I got a Chicken Pesto on toasted white and it was pretty good. Nice change from Firehouse. It was pretty good!Service was good, the woman at the register was nice enough and she said that it had been very busy for lunch, which I would expect considering the location near Ballantyne.Its a good alternative to a usual sandwich place and definitely worth a shot! I'll be back!
5	My favorite sandwich shop in charlotte. Used to frequent one in nashville, so glad they followed me here!!! Delicious, and plenty of choices. It is a must try.
4	Just discovered this sandwich shop. Now we can add them as an option to Jersey Mike's and Jimmy John's. They have a unique ordering system with loads of options. First timers may be a bit intimidated with their process, but help from customers and staff is always there. I liked the choices we made and enjoyed the sandwiches. Many add-on options so make sure you take advantage of all the free ones. Also join the online club for special offers and discounts.
3	I like the idea of interacting the least amount possible when ordering food and this place has it down to a science. You walk in, look at the menu, choose the bag that corresponds with your sandwich, pick your toppings and hand it to the cashier. Done. They make your sandwich and you're on your way. I had the turkey with cole slaw and thousand island dressing. It was ok. The bread wasn't my favorite. It was crusty and didn't feel fresh. The turkey was very salty. Not sure if I'll try them again on my own but would be willing to try another sandwich if someone wanted to take me there:)
4	My second time here. I live almost across the street and I tend to forget that it's close by.  I agree with one of the reviewers who said the turkey is a bit salty. I did checked off salt and pepper for my options and but I requested - lightly salty. I'll opt out for salt next time since that may have been the problem. I love the concept and the atmosphere of the restaurant. I also wish the bread was a little softer. All in all I will continue to go back and I'm glad they are so close to where I live!!  Thanks Which Which!
4	Which Wich delivers on an interesting and interactive-by-not-being-interactive premise: they leave it up to you to make your sandwich. Okay, not really, so let me explain. You walk in, and you're greeted by rows of paper bags. Each paper bag is specific to either a meat (chicken, ham, turkey, etc.) or a style of sandwich (Classic, Italian, Comfort, etc.). Once you decide what kind of sandwich style you want, you choose the bag, and on the bag, you mark off what you want on your sandwich, i.e., what kind of toppings, dressings, bread, etc. Then you hand your order off to the cashier, they ring you up, and you've got yourself a delicious sandwich in a matter of minutes. No assembly line sandwich making like you find at...what's that place called...you know...If you get intimidated or confused, not to worry; a friendly staff member will be there to assist you in your sandwich-building process.Yes, it's a fine concept, but the sandwiches are better. With three sizes to choose from, and a breadless sandwich for us healthier-conscious types, Which Wich is definitely one of the better sandwich shops in town. Their deli meats and vegetables are always fresh, and the concept's a winning one. Definitely my choice when it comes to sandwiches.
3	The concept is interesting here, making the patron take their own order, so to speak. It's cute - sharpies to mark your order and very clearly printed bags and a neat system for that.  Bring your own Sharpie if you're a germ-o-phobe!I got the black bean veggie patty sandwich on wheat bread toasted with cheese and some fixins and they got the order exactly right.  I agree with another reviewer that the bread wasn't the best.  Pretty tasteless and questionably fresh.  I got through the order line quickly and my sandwich was finished very quickly as well.I will look forward more to enjoying this sandwich shop when it's not surrounded by construction.  I didn't mind it, but some folks might not like walking past the empty under-construction dusty store fronts while the little mall gets itself in order.The place is pretty bare-bones on decor, as are most quick-serve places these days. Loud with concrete floors and seating comfort definitely designed for the quick luncher.They could probably benefit from a livelier staff; everyone was a little low-energy, and a more vibrant team would have made me more excited to enjoy my sandwich.  I will go back again sometime.
4	Being a northerner, I've never heard of which wich, but now that I have, I sure wish we had some in Chicago! The sandwiches & ingredients always look and taste super fresh, which I love. We've tried this place a few times & I haven't gotten a bad sandwich yet! I'm particularly fond of the club though.
5	Great food. Friendly service. Always good food and fast. I go here about once a week  shakes are great also. Try the cookie shake.
5	I love its sandwich. Its sandwich is fresh and delicious. You get to choose what you want on your sandwich. There are alot of choices you can choose. I have the tuna and it is good.  My co-worker had the BBQ pull pork and he told me it  was good. They also have the best vanilla shakes. The roast beef and cheese steak are also delicious too.
3	I placed an online order only to show up at the store to have it not even started on.  This was the second time at this location that this has happened.  I now had to sit in the store for about 10 minutes while they made my sandwhiches.  The sandwhiches were tasty but, they need to work on this problem.
5	I am a vegetarian and I like their veggie black bean patty sandwich. I love it !!So if you don't add too many sauces then it taste too awsome.
4	You can't go to a chocolate event with an empty tummy, right? So I popped into this Which Wich for a quick bite and indeed it was a quick bite.Especially since I understand how their ordering system works. First, pick your protein (like ham or roast beef or turkey) and then grab the appropriate bag for that one. Then work your way down the list, adding tomatoes and lettuce and cheese and mustard (different kinds!) and if you want it hot or cold.I went with the "Turkey" which is bag number one. Add Swiss cheese, hummus, Sriracha, red onions, lettuce, tomatoes and cucumbers. Cold. Yum!The "quiz" ends with the hard part - a name. Should you go with your own name? Boring. "Darth Vader"? It's been done. Be creative. Everyone in the place is watching.Then take a seat while your masterpiece is prepared. Eat. Clean up. Leave. Easy!
