5	This place is amazing.  My co-workers and I had a session with Marnie today and it was absolutely the perfect balance of stretch, workout and relaxation.  I am so coming back here with my friends.  The work out was fun and challenging and it also engages every part of your body at once.  This is perfect for people who are looking to get toned.  I honestly had such a blast and got a great workout of it too.
4	Had my first class this week, lucked out and got a great package from one of those "deal" websites. to be completely honest I just wanted to try it out because it was something different and it looked so cool! How many fitness classes do you get to hang upside down? Think channelling your inner cirque du soleil. Little did I know the tough lotus class would kick my butt. I was sweating profusley within the first 5 minutes. There were a few moves that I just could not do. Just was not there mentally or physically. They don't call it TOUGH Lotus for nothin'. I loved the end of class, the stretching and relaxing was amazing for the soul. At the end of the class my body felt like it had a great workout. The next day my entire body was sore. Which is great! If you are looking for something new or need a change of scenery you MUST try Ariel fitness.
1	This place is awful. It was like yoga but horrible, with a douchy instructor, a torture swing and nauseating tile floor.  I do not even know where to begin.  I went with a few friends and the instructor was well aware that we were new yet completely ignored us and stood there talking to her friends until class started instead of welcoming us or giving us any introduction to the swings.  Then for the one thing I couldnt do she stayed in her swing and watched me (the one time she looked back at the class at all) without offering me any instruction or assistance at all.  There is no one co-teaching to assist the people in the swings, only the instructor who is in her own swing doing her own thing, not even looking in the direction of the people in the class (good thing for her we all signed liability waivers), while you watch and do nothing and then attempt to do it yourself with no help.  After not being able to do the first exercise, I thought it would at least be a good hard workout, to which I was sadly mistaken.  It took 45 minutes to accomplish 20 crunches, 5 pushups, 5 lunges, and 1 leg stretch.  The entire rest of the time was spent getting in and out of the swing over and over again. It is also worth noting that the swings were extremely uncomfortable and every time you have to lean on them it hurts (unless there's a way to use them to avoid this, i wouldn't know thanks to no help from the teacher). The swings are also too close together even though there is plenty of unused space in the giant room, so I hope you enjoy a mouthful of the stranger in front of you's feet.   Then after all the hype about making you sign up for class on their pain in the ass website to reserve yourself a horribly uncomfortable swing and ensure there is a space for you, i got up for water and some girl took my swing!  the instructor said nothing and i had no more swing to use halfway through the class. Pissed off as I was, this was probably a good thing, I think the swing thief did me a favor since at that point i wanted to throw up from the combination of swinging back and forth and staring at their nauseating black and white alternating tile floor!!! the instructor said nothing to the girl who took my swing or me as i stood there for five minutes watching everyone else practice, so i walked out and she continued to say nothing and let me go. good riddance you crappy studio, i want my money back!  It's unfortunate that yelp requires me to give a star at all since I cannot even find one stars worth of good things about this place.  Just to show you all how strongly I feel, feel free to check my profile and not my lack of negative reviews or reviews at all.
4	I bought a Groupon for 3 classes for myself and my boyfriend and we had our first class last weekend. Bummer that a regular drop-in class is $16 (or 5 for $64) cause that's a little bit out of my price range. Very happy I could do it through the Groupon. Fun! Definitely totally different than our usual gym cardio. I was having trouble registering to pay with the Groupon through their website so I emailed them and they got back to me quickly and took care of the registration. It is NOT an easy, laid-back kind of yoga class. I was sweating like crazy trying to follow along. I was ultimately able to do all the moves but not without some serious effort. I'm in pretty good shape and so is my boyfriend but we struggled sometimes to get into the poses - especially hanging upside-down in Bat Pose. I would be hesitant to recommend it to someone who can't do a bent-arm hang for 5-10 seconds. I think they'd end up having to sit out more moves than they are able to do.The instructor explains the move as she's doing it and the class moves along quickly - especially since it was our first class so we spent the first few seconds watching her to figure out what we were supposed to do. No doubt we'll be better able to transition from move to move in the next class.Regarding Julie B's comment on the instructor: Almost everyone in my session was there for the first time. They did a Groupon and probably got 1000 purchasers. The class is only an hour long and to have to personally greet everyone and encourage them and ask everyone if they have any questions every time you teach the class wouldn't be realistic. Personally, I teach a rowing class and I never know who's going to stick with it and who will never show up again. I could spend 20 minutes playing ice-breaker games so everyone gets to know each other or I could spend 20 minutes teaching you to row and figure you'll come back if you like it or not come back if you don't.  It doesn't mean the instructor is unfriendly or unwelcoming or rude, I think it's a matter of only having 60 minutes and teaching something complicated to a bunch of people who got a Groupon and probably won't be back once it's used up. A suggestion for Tough Lotus: it was hard to see the instructor because of all the swings in the way. And I was in the front row (there was a swing in between me and her so I had to step around it to watch). It would be great to have the instructor perform the moves on an elevated platform or something. Then we could all watch and do at the same time rather than having to duck down/around the other swings to be able to see.
5	I sleep better.I feel amazing.My back is so grateful.Tough Lotus classes have helped with stretching my back, all my other muscles, helped with my balance and no kidding it actually help me sleep better. It's mind blowing what regular inversion can do for a body. I didn't notice until after I missed going a couple of times and then picked the classes back up. This is hands down the best low impact high result workout. I've being going since it opened and the Every Tough Lotus and Balance Lotus classes I've done have been different each time and I really appreciate the diversity of the workout in every class. I tell everyone with any back discomfort to at least check it out and see for themselves that I'm telling the truth.Thank you Marnie, I always look forward to seeing you and really appreciate what you're bringing to the E.V. We're all so so lucky!!
5	All my friends have been asking and indeed this is the only location in AZ that does this specific type of yoga and it is AWESOME!  Great location and the instructor is not only informative but doesn't make you feel bad if you aren't at the same level as her.  I feel fantastic and totally relaxed!  I can't wait for more classes!!!
1	I love the idea of this place but I bought a groupon and you have to sign in on line within 30 days or it won't let you and they never answer the phone or return phone calls or email and when you go by no one is there I don't know how they keep running specials I suggest don't by a group on and the instructors aren't very pleasant to be around good luck I had to contact groupon to get my money back to purchase another if this happens to you group on is wonderful they will do what it is you want they will even contact tough lotus if you want .
4	I have attended two classes so far at Tough Lotus; the Intro class, and Balanced Lotus.  The Intro Class is mandatory as the "first class" because it introduces you to the swing, the terminology, and the basic moves.  I was glad I took it, because when I arrived for my first Balanced Lotus class, we jumped right into the workout with no ado and the assumption that everyone would understand what the plumb line is, and which strap is which.  Each class had a different instructor (I think there are 5 total) and both were great.  I wish I could remember names, but whoever taught the intro class was super energetic and kept us excited, explaining each move and component so I felt like I really understood what I was doing.  The second teacher moved a lot faster (since everyone should be familiar by now) and added a lot of humor to the routine.  They were both wiling to hang out after to answer questions, let us try a move again with assistance, or give more information.As for the actual workout, I like it a lot!  It really is tough, but you must remember that it is as easy as hard as you want it to be.  Each move could be performed with minimal effort, and you could easily walk out with simply having had a nice stretch.  Or you can  push farther, try harder, work on form, and end up engaging muscles you didn't know you had.  It's up to you what kind of experience this is.  The hammock can cut in to the body a little bit, but think of it like riding a bike or any other new experience.  Initially it's not going to be comfortable, but you get used to it!  And it's worth it.  Some positions feel really good.  Any "inverted" (upside-down) pose feels great, and again, you can hang and relax (which has several health benefits) or you can push it the extra step and do push ups, other stretches, bicep curls and more.  The moves are slow; you may only do a few lunges, but if you let the hammock do it's job and you do yours, you'll get more out of one Tough Lotus lunge than 10 conventional ones.  I have felt sore the day after both times, and I'm really excited to try the "Tough" classes, and eventually "Iron"!  Also, as with any exercise, the benefits will begin to compound with repeated practice.One thing to remember is that Tough Lotus does not employ a receptionist, so you can't get anyone on the phone.  Their primary method of contact with clients is email, and I've always seen a response within 24-hours.  I decided to try Tough Lotus with a Groupon, and the friend I signed up with and I both had problems signing up for the first class with out Groupon codes.  There are instructions on the FAQs for enrolling with a Groupon, but although we followed them to a T, something went wrong.  An email to Marnie fixed the situation, but it seems like a common enrollment problem.  It also seemed a bit more complicated than it needed to be.  The package of classes I purchased from the studio are totally intuitive to redeem though.
4	I went on a Groupon and tried three classes: the mandatory intro class, balanced lotus, and tough lotus.  The three classes were pretty similar, except that the intro class had a sales pitch and the tough lotus class incorporated a flexible pole for resistance training.  The hour-long class had the same structure as any other yoga class, the instructor remained in front and talked the class through/demonstrated the poses; students followed at their own pace.  It was private and non-judgmental, although the instructor would step in if someone was doing something dangerous.  Most of the class was spent doing standard yoga poses: forward folds, lunges, twists, standing splits, planks, hero's pose, etc.  The hammock was used for support, kind of like a ballet bar.  Towards the end of each class we would do a full inversion and hang suspended for a few minutes.  It was probably the best way to practice a handstand outside of actually having a partner there holding your feet.  Savasana was done either in the hammock or on the floor with feet elevated in the hammock, both versions were super relaxing.The studio itself was nice: cool, low lighting, quiet part of the shopping center.  The instructors were professional and friendly.  The hammocks were well-maintained, and were switched out/washed between classes.  Yoga mats were provided for people who didn't bring their own.  I'm not very flexible, so the idea of supported yoga really appeals to me.  But, I think I would have to do this several times a week in order to see any real improvements, and at $12.40 per class it is a little out of my price range.  If the Groupon price (~$8) was the regular price or if I could buy a 1-month pass for say, $60, I would be all over it!  I will keep an eye on the Tough Lotus website, and hopefully I will be able to come back soon.
4	I think Marnie has a great concept for some amazing health benefits and increasing strength and balance of the body. What attracted me to come to the Tough lotus studio was my desire to do supported inversions to relieve back pain. I have been to about 4 classes now and am really starting to "get it". I am on a 5 class pass from groupon and am considering buying her 10 class package next. I think the value of her ariel fitness comes once you attend several classes regularly over a period of at least two weeks. That increases your likeliness to get the most benefits from the experience. I have done ariel yoga in the past but this is a bit different. I like the tough lotus class for the challenge but then I like the balanced yoga for the longer stretching. I thought i was in good shape until Marnie asked us to do "handstand pushups".My back always feels 10x better after i leave. However, my biggest hope is to gain increased neuromuscular activity for my little tiny stabilizer muscles. It feels great to finally work that small stuff you rarely do in the gym with free weights. The tension relief from decompression of the spine is the icing on the cake for me! It might look like "yoga" but if you do it often enough you'll discover the difference. I commend Marnie for teaching so many classes a day. Props to doing it on your own girl :)
5	I actually wrote this great review about how FUN Tough Lotus is and what a great workout you get, but it got lost so here's the  Long story short- My best friend and I bought a Groupon for 3 classes and wish we bought the larger package because we are hooked!
5	This is the best GroupOn purchase I have ever made. Many have said the booking process is a pain, but it really isn't if you follow the specific instructions provided. I have never had any issues with responses to emails. All of my emails have been responded to within 24 hours in a professional manner. This is a great supplement to my regular workouts and has reduced my upper back pain. The cost of the classes is a little high, but is signifcantly cheaper than paying a chiropractor or going back to physical therapy. The classes are fun and the instructors are extremely helpful. I am never disappointed!
3	I tried two classes( they were ok , a lot of the same things )  and scheduled my third in my groupon and a personal situation occurred and had to cancel two days prior.  I received a confirmation email two days and when I asked I was told I didn't cancel more than 48 hours in advance, I was 42 hours.  I understand if it was the day of or the day before but find it silly that they wouldn't budge , so it left a bad taste in mouth regarding the studio.
4	My friend and I had arranged to meet up at the Intro to Aerial Fitness class one morning thinking it was going to be a silly fad exercise. I showed up - sadly, my friend did not. She missed out.As a yoga practitioner for several years I love a good stretch - what impressed me about aerial fitness is that the moving hammock allows you to stretch on the deepest possible level. By the end of class I knew I wanted to get a package, so I could try the Tough Lotus class. Marnie and Ashley are amazing instructors and athletes. The moves we do in this class are extremely challenging and efficient in that all muscle groups are engaged at once. I am stronger and more flexible now than when I started.It has now become my Saturday morning ritual and I look forward to it immensely.
1	I am a huge supporter of small businesses, but the owner of Tough Lotus was terribly mean and rude the moment I walked in. I have been practicing different types of yoga for years, and this was by far the worst experience I've ever had at any studio. I don't recommend practicing here.
