1	The armpit of my local grocery stores. Freak show central. How many people actually have to grocery shop on those little "Scooter" things. Toothless people, smelly people, people with lots of facial hair..and those are the women. And it's toooo freakin big. A third of it is stocked with lawn chairs, fans and pool accessories. I'M LOOKING FOR FOOD! I only stopped there recently cuz I was dropping DVDs off at Blockbuster. BIG MISTAKE....The entry is filthy. The carts wobble more than Lindsay Lohan after a late night Les Deux binge. And the stench of urine isn't the best greeting for a market. Ultimately it was when my cart was "mistakingly" taken from me by the bearded lady and her Scooter husband that I ran my ass out of there and drove to Safeway. Ahhhh Safeway. Even the name is better. Safe. Way. Fry's??? Dumb name. Nasty store.
3	Well I was going to write a rave review on how happy I was to be in a Kroger store....until I read Thomas' review. And I was reminded of the less desirable clientele and scary guys in the parking lot who asked me for money.  But the store was clean and well-stocked.I was feeling close to home when I realized this place a is Kroger store and is almost exactly like Fred Meyer stores in the NW. (Headquartered out of Portland, OR.) I worked at a Freddy's in Spokane for 2 years while in high school/college. This Fry's is close to my work and I needed to buy a co-worker a birthday cake and card. This will be my go-to grocery store during daylight work hours only. And I have to say, the Oreo cake and ice cream were delicious!
3	Really? Do I need to watch the employees flirting with each other as they're buying candy bars? Really? Do I have to buy five small containers of basil because you don't carry anything bigger? Really? Do I have to get bumped into by a wild child whose parent(s) is digging through the pot pies? Yes, BB. You *really* do have to. Because you decided to go grocery shopping after work, and you decided to exit at the Seventh Avenue light rail station. And you also forgot your coupons, which would have saved you at least $5. And then your stupid ass decided to walk from the store back home, at 16th Ave and Campbell, and you missed the bus and the train. Ugh! I should have gone to Fresh & Easy (after stopping by Charlie's for a drink, of course). Instead, I just as well have urinated on myself. But, dinner was pretty good and I'm learning to incorporate public transportation for errands.
2	I used to like going to this location because it was cheaper than the Safeway down the street. But each time I go there it gets more ghetto than the last. If its not off duty teenagers wearing "sexy latina" shirts bragging about how they bag groceries better than anyone else, it is hairy homeless guys begging for money. I'm going to Fresh and Easy from now on.
1	Eek! No way! This Fry's is not a place you want to hang around at after dark. During the Summer months, the homeless sit under the shadows of the building by the entrance sipping RC Colas and eyeing the customers, and Fry's doesn't do anything about it. Sure, the prices here are cheap, but you feel dirty just walking in the door. Try Bashes down on Osborn. Even that's less ghetto than this place. You'd think with the light rail being walking distance from the storefront that they'd kick it up a bit, but no. :(
3	Meh, I should of just stayed at AJs.. I wanted to save a couple bucks so I swung by here since it's close by, the quality was not so great. Some of the fruits don't look fresh at all. I mean overall this location is okay, but very far from being close to perfect.
2	I recently moved to this area and decided to stop at this Fry's on the way home from work...big mistake.  I guess I've been spoiled by the Fry's Marketplace I used to frequent near PV. This store really is not that big and it kinda gave me the creeps. I left with only a quarter of what I needed to buy because they didn't not carry most of the items I typically buy.  I had to wait in line forever as there were only 2 registers open. The cashier was nice but the bagger was too busy talking and not paying attention that he was literally putting one item in each of my bags.I will not return to this Fry's, lesson learned!
1	Never go here! I was denied being sold alcohol because they assumed I had been drinking because I mentioned that I had just left a club, where I had gone to line dance.  Please keep in mind it was 10:00PM on a Saturday night, they wouldn't even sell me fruit!!!!
3	I had their devil eggs for breakfast yesterday.They weren't very tasty.I suspect they were not in fact made from real devils;but imitation devils instead.When purchasing store bought devil eggs,I stongly suggest reading the ingredients prior and making sure you're getting what you pay for.
1	From the poorly stocked shelves to the apathetic staff. Yeah, about the staff - it's OK to acknowledge the customer when they thank you. Staring at them doesn't cut it. Also talking ( let's be frank, BS-ing) with other employees when there is a line waiting for cashier assistance at self-checkout is not cool either.It might be a good policy for staff to leave cell phone in the locker while working. Seen the cart collectors jabbering away. Maybe this is why there never seems to be carts on-hand. I have noticed of late is that nobody seems to collect carts on a regular basis. When I was a teen and worked grocery, it was very important that carts be collected and available. Speaking of carts, they may wish to repair them as at least a third have locked wheels.What can you say? This store is poorly managed. They need to train staff better too. I have been going to this location for years, but find myself driving further and spending more to have a better shopping experience. That goes for the quality of produce as well.The skeevy customers don't seem to help. Opened products and people making themselves at home in the lawn chair area is a big turn off. Be sure to check the packaging for being tampered with, especially the beer. Walked out one time with a six pack of bottles that had a few nips taken out of three of them. Absolutely gross.Hate to sound like some old man ranting, but I really just need to go elsewhere.
1	Came here at 9:00 for the pharmacy. Their house? 9:00 am. I was standing there, coughing my face out, with a prescription in hand. The pharmacist was just staring at me..... taunting me through the little bars. Apparently, according to his time zone, just three feet away, the pharmacy wasn't to open until he was done with whatever he was doing... which was staring at me and drinking his coffee. Boo.
1	I live in the area and sadly, this is the closest FRYS there is. I ONLY shop there when I'm low on funds in my bank account and can't afford to go to SAFEWAY. For starters, this is a busy store. Always packed. Never enough cashier lines open. Often out of grocery carts inside the store, and it makes for a great time going back out to the parking lot to get your own cart in 100+ degree weather. NOT! Where are the carryouts?? Cashiers for the most part are very unfriendly (especially one woman sho seems to be some sort of manager; Possibly of Latino/Black heritage). She loves to glare at customers and snap at them. Really lady?? Really? I could have sworn it was HER JOB to provide good customer service. (not in this lifetime) So how she promoted to any type of management position is very suspect. She looks like she's done time in one of Joe's Tent Cities and was probably the "power on the yard". She exhibits all the friendliness and warmth of a clenched fist. Combined with all the above, when you are lucky enough to have a carryout bag your groceries, you will find yourself re-bagging half your items before putting them in the trunk of your car, due to the ineptness of the hired help.  Also, there's nothing like trying to navigate past all the ghetto dwellers and their children who are busy throwing items down the aisle or just taking up an entire aisle altogether, making it impossible to shop.  I've also found open food containers (yummy!) and I've witnessed kids coughing all over produce and putting their dirty hands all over items you were just about to bag and buy.  There never seems to be what I would call "attentive" staff or managers around. This is a very sad example of a FRYS grocery store. Jump on the freeway and take a drive to 32nd Street and Bell Road, and check out that particular FRYS. They can't do enough to help you. Managers are always available and I've never had a bad or dirty experience there. They have lots of open cashier lines too. The Camelback FRYS could learn A LOT from the one on 32nd and Bell. (like, EVERYTHING).
1	My boyfriend, his mother, and I started coming here when they first moved to that side of town. The layout is so backwards as I have never seen a layout like that for products and it isn't like the other Fry's stores. Why does the bread have its own section? It isn't with the bakery and it should be!We have walked around endlessly trying to find stuff and since we are more familiar with the store now, it is still confusing. I can't stand the drunks and people begging for money out front. We found out that store gets robbed daily by people, maybe they should fix that issue.The people in the deli seem to have an attitude. Why is it when my boyfriend and I come in on Saturday evenings to buy a fountain drink of any size mostly the large, they NEVER have lids stocked? I hate running around trying to ask them for lids and they tell me they are next to the machine, I told one deli employee there are no lids for the large drinks since I bought a large drink! One older lady speaks so damn soft can barely hear her and they don't seem to listen to your request clearly!During the week, they are stocked on lids for the fountain drinks but never on the weekend! The atmosphere of this place seems to be like robots, one manager up at the front-end seems to have an attitude problem. She and the security seem to get huffy at closing time when my boyfriend and I are trying to pack up our stuff since we use my laptop for the wifi. Geez, give us time to pack up, ok?I used to work at Fry's long ago and believe me, I understand their attitude issues, but still you are being paid. We just go there for the wifi as the other Fry's on 19th Ave doesn't have wifi yet! We were treated better over there than at this location.
4	We do not usually shop at this location but gave it a try this evening.  It is a clean and very friendly store.  Because we were not familiar with the layout we asked for assistance several times and received friendly responses each time.  The young man that bagged our groceries did not see our cloth bags and started to bag in plastic.  When I told him not to worry about it he insisted on re-packing them and did it with a smile.Will most certainly be back!
1	We've come to know this location as Bad Fry's even though such a connotation suggests there must be a 'Good Fry's' somewhere. Just off the light rail, anchoring a shopping center with a McDonald's and a Verizon store, this store is truely ghetto. Con: EVERYONE constantly hitting you up for money in the parking lot. I'm serious - I've had ladies come up to me as I am getting in my car ("Excuse me...how are you doing? Hi....I'm trying to.....") and after I immediately wave them off and tell them no, they turn and get in the vehicle parked right next to me! There is no shame amongst these people.Pro: These people will sell you thier SNAP benefits for pennies on the dollar. Cash is king and there is a Wells Fargo with an ATM just inside the store. Stick it to the manufactured food lobbyists by using those food stamps for fresh produce (their produce isn't horrible)! ____________________Pro: They put a Starbucks inside the store. Right when you walk in. Very convenient for when you know you're going to need to brave these narrow aisles with a cart. There is even a little sitting area with tables and a television.Con: The seating area is full of parking lot people and often stinks to high hell. Also, people don't seem to get not leaving their carts right in the way, so if you enter and head towards the produce, there will likely be carts which have been left right in the way.____________________In all, it's a dump. But it's a bit of a food desert over there (AJ's doesn't count) for groceries so, I guess, if you need to grab a gallon of milk and have a few bucks for a guy who is trying to catch the bus to get across town and can spare ten dollars to help some lady out with her, I don't know probably liquor, then you'll have a good time at Bad Fry's.
5	This is the only frys I go to. It is so clean, everyone here is so friendly, and everyone knows who I am. I love when they acknowledge me. or asking about my kids. Hehe. Not only that this Frys is amazing, what even more amazing, they have a STARBUCKS inside as well. So, every time I go in here. I have to have Starbucks, While walking around and getting groceries. :))) loveee it
3	Carol, who has been "serving us since 1994", was not in a happy serving mood today during checkout. I think I interrupted her downtime because she never greeted me and didn't say one word to me during checkout.  Very negative attitude. This is supposed to be a "happy" Fry's. Today's experience did not meet those expectations.
3	First, parking lot is a nightmare.  I feel like I am on the verge of running over a break-dancing meth head every time I go to that store. Once you get into the store it can be crazy and confusing to find everything.  Not a great layout and some of the same products, but different brands are found all over the store.  Overall, this place is a grocery store and works in a pinch, but I do not enjoy going there.
1	As it is my first one star review, I will begin with this positive. The "skeleton" of this place is pretty good. Decent size, aisle are wide, and I can find pretty much anything on my list that isn't highly specialized. Located anywhere else, it would be an alright place to shop. Prices seem pretty on par. However, this store is the reason that gf and I avoid any place within a block of the light rail on camelback. Many other reviews will mention this, but I do believe it needs to pointed out. This store is just not safe, especially after dark. I have come to this store late (as my only alternative is to head west of i17 for groceries) to be hit up for money. One meth head (I assume meth because of the burnt urine smell she gave off), snuck up on me in the parking lot at 11pm to ask me to sign a petition for some cause. While most of the people here I am sure mean no harm, I would prefer not to be the person in front of them when they snap or start hearing voices. While there is always one security guard on duty, it probably wouldn't be effective if rival baby mamas or homeless druggies decided it was a good idea to brawl. However, this shouldn't be surprising. This is what happens when public transportation is built. It gives undesirable people cheap access to other neighborhoods. While I try my hardest not to go here, there are times when I have to. Never go in here unarmed....while god forbid you'd ever have to use it, an open carried weapon serves as a warning for those who make bad ideas a life priority.
3	Went into this Frys Foods location at 8:30 pm on a weeknight. Bad idea. Drunk in the front of the store by the water machine vomited all over the sidewalk. No shopping carts in the vestibule as usual. Go to the cart corral in the parking lot and a tweeker trys to bum $2 from me for "bus fare". No. So Mr. Sketchie follows me across the parking lot into the vestibule of the store, sees the store security guard, and turns around and heads back into the lot for a fresh victim. Ghetto. Got what I needed and was out of there in 20 minutes
2	I like the store because of their prices but I have a hard time with the clientele at this particular location.  It's not that I'm a snob... It's just a rough crowd.  One thing that the store could greatly improve on is having friendlier staff and always having an attendant at the self checkout line. That seems to always be a shortfall for them.
5	Often we take things for granted. This Fry's shares the shopping center with the LA Fitness I haul across town to train at. I typically run in before a session for some coffee (thank you Mr. Starbucks) or afterwards to pick up some stuff. (I'm lazy, so that has usually included a nice roasted chicken.)I'll never take this place for granted again. Their employees here are just too nice.Last week I dragged my sorry self in and spent *forever* selecting makeup hues to make myself feel purty. (Lipstick makes the world go round and is inevitably on sale here.) Then I spent entirely too much time shopping the aisles for necessities. Toilet paper, girl stuff, scented bleach, chicken (of course), spinach and assorted vegetables. (Bear with me, this list matters.)Greeted by my favorite cashier, Chris, who has the personality of a slightly tipsy bartender with comedic timing, I watched my purchases start to be bagged. As I started to dig thru my purse I realized with horror my wallet was nowhere to be seen. Chris reacted with diplomatic charm to my, "Wait! WAIT!" and stopped ringing items. (Apparently this isn't a new phenomena.) After explaining I would only be able to purchase items with the cash on hand, I peered into my bags."Ok. The bleach can go. And the spinach. I can survive this afternoon sans vegetables. But I'll die if I don't have some protein in the next thirty minutes."Chris spun the bag turnstile around and offered his opinion. "Well. Are you really sure you need the mascara?""What about the eyeliner?""Seriously?"[Some sighing. A bit of head shaking.] "Alright. You clearly need the toilet paper. And the chicken."As I hopefully looked down into the bags I said, pulling out a lady box, "This can go. I want the lipstick."Chris, god bless him, said, "Listen. I have sisters. I've dated women. And I have a mother. You *cannot* put this back."I pleaded my case about the time invested in selecting the lipstick color. I lost.Chris was right. My Vibrant Mandarin 885 from Maybelline was waiting for me today.
3	Good prices on food at the cost of less than helpful staff and lots of transients in the parking lot who tend to hang around there all the time. Produce and meats are generally well priced for the regular stuff but the organic items are usually considerably more expensive than Sprouts. Not the safest area later in the evenings.
2	Lots of transients soliciting for money or drugs in the parking lot. We just moved behind this Frys...I prefer to drive further to Safeway. Also-this Frys is ridiculously over priced. Not a fan, however, it's convenient, it actually does sell water for $0.88 versus $0.89 at Safeway....there's an upside...right?
1	This Fry's Food & Drug Store has to be one of the worst in the valley. This part of town does not have very many options as far as grocery stores go. This neighborhood has been striving to make improvements to keep with with the rest of the down town area but this Fry's stands a a testament that we still have a long way to go as a community. Most grocery stores to do not want to have business in neighborhoods with as high of crime rates as this part of town has so it makes competition far and few between. With so few choices most people in town are forced to shop at this location, which is a shame because so few of the costumer or employees treat it with any respect. One can find a much nicer Fry's Store just a few minutes away across from Whole Foods and Trader Joes. A clear sign that Fry's Stores does not care about this location because the people in this part of town do not have any other choice. We deserve better. A shake up in management and reinvesting profits back into the store would do wonders for this location.
