4	You read that correctly - it is the "Big Rock" "Rock Shelter".  No one ever said there were points for creativity.Mecklenburg county may be severely lacking in a few areas, such as county fairs and historic buildings to name just a couple.  There are quite a few parks, but most are of the man-made variety, not much different from the playground you knew in grade school.This one, while not quite a park in the normal sense of the word, is definitely worth a visit.  What makes it odd is first finding the place, and then finding a spot to park.  It is not that you will be overwhelmed or anything - usually only one or two other people are there.  It is that you are in a neighborhood and there is no dedicated parking lot.Just pull up on the street and take the short walk down the trail and then you spot the massive boulder (called a pluton) jutting out of the ground.  While you and I may not consider it much of a shelter, if you had nothing else, it probably would suffice quite well, considering that it is also close to a stream to boot.  You may want to boil the water since it does not flow too quickly.
5	This is a great little south Charlotte gem. You'd never know it was there unless you skimmed across it on your Google Maps app on your iPhone....I read Chad's review and knew that my wife and I had to check it out. All this time and it's been waiting for us right across from Stonecrest....What a treat. You need to park on Elmstone. You'll see a sign that reads "Park closes at sunset" and then just follow the path about 75 yards in. You happen upon a mass of boulders and, boy, are they awesome. It just seems so odd once you come to and realize where you're standing. A nice little boulder park in the middle of a rather affluent neighborhood? NDB. If you choose to climb the rocks, be careful. Shifty surfaces in some areas and lots of slick surfaces with moss. Despite the graffiti, sparse garbage/litter and misuse, what an interesting little collection. Definitely worth the visit. Take the path further down and you'll hit part of McAlpine/McMullen Creek. You can follow the path all the back to Elmstone Dr. A nice little nature walk. Brief, but very pretty. Stop by with the kids or just for a quick glance at these huge rocks!
4	I grew up in this neighborhood and up until recently "the rock," as we kids called it, was a hidden gem. I'm glad the city is taking care of it because for a few years it was covered in graffiti.There are many great spots for photos which my parents took us to year after year. It's adorable to see how we've changed. Safety is a huge issue here, I remember hearing some horror stories. There's slippery slopes and a long fall from the very top. Be sure to wear some shoes with a good grip to duly enjoy the view! I've seen deer wandering around sunset and there's a small river nearby which you can follow to the lake. Careful where you park as the hill has limited sight distance. Have fun!
5	This place is AWESOME!! You just have to know where to look.Best tip about this place: The entrance I found was in a neighborhood - there is a tiny little sign for the park area, but you will most likely find it from a few cars parked along the side of the street where no houses or driveways are found.
3	Unique place to go scrambling on some huge boulders. For little ones or really anyone but it can be kinda dangerous. Use your common sense when you visit. The rocks are just a few hundred feet from the road so it's easy access. My little 3yr old had a blast climbing on the rocks for 45 minutes. I'd come back if I was over this way and had time to kill. It's another random thing to do in Charlotte for free!
