1	Well, I'll never get that 20 minutes back.  The bad and ugly..not sure there was a good.  I phoned the 7th Ave location of Edible Arrangements thinking it was the closest to my client's office.  There is a $12 delivery fee to drive less than 3 miles.  Seems a bit much to me.I was on hold for over 10 minutes. I think the poor guy on the phone was the only employee working at the time.Overall, the entire experience was unpleasant.  The product seems overpriced, along with poor customer service.  I'd rather give my client a fruit tray from AJ's.
1	Today I notice a Toyota Prius (White) with California License Plates (plate number 6RRM802) illegally parked in the Handicap Parking Space in front of this store -- it was the third time this week that the same car has been parked there.  I went inside to inquire if they knew who owned the vehilce, and a very nice young man responded that it was the "owner" so he really could not say anything about the illegal parking.Then a lady came from the back of the store and asked if I was the guy that was complaining about her parking.  I indicated that I was, and she said she was not really parked there (yet the vehicle was not running, and nobody was in the car -- I guess she has a different definition of parking).  I asked her if she realized that she was in a Handicap Parking Space and she acknowledged that she did know that, and did not really care.  She then asked me if I felt better about myself and I indicated that I was fine, and asked if she felt good about herself parking in a Handicap parking Space -- she said she was fine with.People, we need to collectively do something about this.  The owner of business intentionally parking in a disabled spot, and making no apologies for doing so, and to top it off she owns a business in Arizona and does not have Arizona Plates on her vehicle  ... I say we should all boycott this location of Edible Arrangements ...I am only giving one star, because YELP requires you to give at least one star.
1	One of my co-worker's, who is 75 and had forgot her lunch, walked next store to see if she could purchase a simple slice of fruit.  She was told "NO , we don't have a button for that".   Not very nice!  Every cash register has a misc. button.  If not, hand write a ticket out.  Incredible.
1	Never purchase from this location.  If this is your only option, they cannot guarantee delivery.  I ordered a number of items for a sympathy gift on Wednesday assuming they would be delivered on Thursday.  Come to find out, they were not delivered at all and there was no record as to why.  When I called the store they mentioned that a delivery attempt was made but was rescheduled and lost.   Wow. Don't depend on these guys to deliver, especially if you have a time sensitive request.  The action and subsequent followup was one of the worst customer experiences I've had.    I plan to file for a complaint with Amex if they do not refund me and make this right.
1	I have to echo all the sentiment about this place, avoid it and go to the Edible Arrangements on Indian School. They really just care about profits and have horrible customer service. When I called the first time, they tried to sell me a product I didn't want, telling me that making chocolate covered items would take them longer. Isn't that my choice what I order? Or is their staff so lazy that the extra step of covering fruit with chocolate is too tedious? When I had a question, they told me they would call me back about an order but I never heard back from them! They suck! Super lazy!PS - The same owner who parks in the handicapped spots still owns this location!
