4	One liner:   Super clean, super friendly.They do a GREAT job here for massages.  They will listen to exactly what you need and want and try to meet your needs.One hour massage is $70, so comparable to other locations.
5	Cathy Chase is as good as it gets when it comes to acupuncture in Madison.  Her needles are practically painless, and her bedside manner is warm.  She asks specific questions about your goals and listens closely to your needs so that her treatment is as effective as possible.  My personal experience with Cathy and her needles has been a profound influence in my life.  After knee surgery for an ACL reconstruction, and even after a year of physical therapy, I was in constant pain from tendonitis and my body was thrown out of whack by uneven strength on the different sides of my body from the resulting post-surgical weakness.  I was convinced that I would never be able to run again, or to walk up stairs without knee pain.  After my first session with Cathy, my knee felt light and pain-free.  I was able to bend it all the way back to my bum as soon as I walked out of the treatment room, and I felt hope for the first time in a long time.  Give Cathy a try.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I have been frequenting the Atwood Acupuncture Center weekly for Acupuncture and Massage for many years. It's a beautiful and relaxing facility full of positive, insightful, and healing body workers. Atwood has a wide variety of massage styles and therapists to choose from, with flexible hours and a convenient location. Cathy Chase is an amazing acupuncturist and I highly recommend her.  I love Atwood Acupuncture and I'm sure you will too!
5	I herniated a disc in my back several years ago and have been dealing with back and sciatic nerve pain since.  For the most part NSAIDs and stretching keep my pain pretty well under control.  Last week however, I fell skiing and the pain and inflammation was almost as bad as my initial injury.  I went and saw Cathy on Friday when I had constant low back pain with burning in my buttocks and shooting pain down my leg that was not responding to my usual at home treatments.  On Saturday I woke up and had no pain but some did come back once I got up and started moving around.  By Sunday I was able to go to the store and clean my house with minimal pain.  And today, Monday, I have no pain at all!  I went to the gym this morning and have been cleaning out a closet and rearranging the kitchen just to see if I can pick things up and move them pain free and I most definitely can.  I cannot recommend Cathy or Atwood Acupuncture highly enough.
