5	I just had all the windows in my house replaced by K & J Windows in Phoenix. From initial phone call and then talking to Darin in their showroom, this company is top notch in customer service and professionalism. I was recommended the Simonton DaylightMax (7300) window and I am very happy with them. They are LoE energy efficient and should cut down on the A/C bill. The installation team did a great job in removing the old windows and installing the new ones, with great attention to detail and making sure the job was done right. I highly recommend K & J for your window needs.
5	Awesome window company. I shopped around and finally decided to pull the trigger with K&J. Darren (the owner) was a super nice guy. He took a sincere interest in my project, made some great recommendations, and his quote was considerably much lower than what many other companies wanted to charged me for the same windows. The whole transaction was super smooth. Everything was on time, and the installer got my windows done in 4 hours. By the way, I chose "Cascade" brand windows and they seem great. They look really good, in my opinion and although they're not the best windows ever they are still a massive improvement over the old steel casement windows I had before.
5	When we bought our house in 2010 we knew one of the things we'd need to do was replace ALL of the windows and the front door.  The old windows were ill fitted and not at all energy efficient.  We waited about a year and a half and then went in to K&J windows.  We met with Darren who was so knowledgeable and helpful.  Darren helped us figure out exactly what we needed without pressuring us to go with something additional.  He explained everything to us including the cost and helped us decide which windows we should go with.  Darren also helped us order our front door.  It's a gorgeous door and we are so happy with the result!  We ordered our windows and door -  they arrived quickly and were amazing.  Once installed they have made the biggest difference in our house and we could not be happier.  I will not hesitate to go back to K&J windows should I ever need another window.
5	Great experience from beginning to end.  The K & J crew were professional and courteous.  I would recommend them to anyone who needs their windows replaced.
5	We just purchased 5 windows from K&J and we are extremely happy with the quality of the window. K&J has excellent customer service and very knowledgable. Thanks Guys!!
5	My wife and I like a quality product, good prices, and exception service.  We had that experience with K&J Windows.  I took care of the economics.  My wife was and is the arbiter of style and appearance.  We had 3 vendors quote on replacing all of the windows in our 25 year old home.  Anderson, Sears and K&J.  Anderson and Sears presentations were similar and their prices were within 10%. Cody of K&J was a welcome exception to the other salespeople.  He took the information, and sent the proposal by email two days later. No pressure.  We had ALL of windows and a door replaced by K&J with a top of the line manufacturer for several thousand dollars less than Anderson/Sears quoted for doing HALF of the home.  Summary- Big difference in price, same quality, and an EXCEPTIONAL installation team.
5	I had 3 other companies bid the job before talking to K&J and when they came out, there was just no comparison. Darin, Chris and the rest of the team were without question, the most knowledgeable and up-front company in the mix. They take pride in their work and it shows. The job was completed on time and the 2 floor-to-ceiling windows and slider look amazing. I'll be using K&J for any/all window and door work in the future. Thanks guys!
5	KJ windows came to installed a patio door and windows in our house. Great experience. I called four vendors and they all gave me the bids. I also did a lot of research on windows before I picked KJ windows. what I learned from my research is that the windows price can have a big range even with same energy rating and figure. We were quote about 100 per window to about 300 per window from different vendor and different window. It all depends on what you want. You get for what you pay for. The reason I picked KJ windows is they made me feel comfortable. The sale person Angela explain everything clear and no pressure from her. The installer Chris did a fantastic job on the windows and door. They left no mess behind and finish the job on time. I am very happy with my choice.
5	Spent about 3 weeks interviewing window company's from town. Had a good feeling after meeting with the owner, Darin and was able to get the pricing right for the 11 windows we replaced. Install was great and Chris and his crew were professional and did a great job. The windows look great and hopefully they will make a difference with heating and cooling costs, as that would be a bonus. Will use them again when we change out more windows in the future.
5	Great Company and very fair pricing!!  Don't go anywhere else!!
5	Looked at several window companies when the time came to replace all my single pane windows and the 2 doors leading to the patio.  Darin came out measured, showed me some options and even made a suggestion for changing the configuration in the front bay window.  It was a large slider, flanked by 2 solid panes and Darin suggested making the large a solid pane with sliders on the sides.  Cost would be a little less and we'd have an unobstructed view.  He also came out a second time when my SO was available, which was much appreciated.  Chris came out for measuring and was the lead installer.  They arrived on-time, found & replaced some damaged wood, pointed out other areas of potential water issues, and finished the job on-time.  Job site was cleaned as were the new windows & doors, which came out beautiful.  So glad we took Darin's suggestion on changing the bay configuration; it's really awesome!   Thanks to all!
2	Not impressed.When it comes to sourcing home repairs, I always consult yelp and the other place with the "K".  :)  And, I don't think I've been steered wrong yet! This place had such amazing reviews, I figured I couldn't miss.But, miss I did.  :(  I called, and spoke to a very courteous guy (that's the reason they even get two stars).  I said I have a kitchen picture window that needed replacement.  He said the job was too small to send out an estimator, and told me to take pics and measurements, send them along, and they would reply with a quote.  Fine, I figured if they didn't need to see the window for a firm quote, it must be a very small project, and therefore, very small $$$ for me.  Yeah.  :)I received the quote a few hours later, which was as promised.  However, price for the window replacement?  $3k.  Seriously?  $3k is a small enough job so they can't be bothered to even assess the project in person?   Business must be good.  lolBut, definitely didn't work for me.  Pity, because as I decided to have this one window done, I realized I had a few others that also had gotten moisture in the double pane, and I wanted them replaced as well.  Perhaps if they had the interest in coming out for my *tiny* $3,000.00 job, they could have sold me on the other windows as well.
5	We were extremely impressed with the workmanship and service K & J Windows delivered.  Reasonable price, great staff and quality work.  Cody from sales was always available and responsive with our needs; installation team lead by Coby did an awesome job.  They were efficient and always cleaned up after themselves.  Team had to cramp 3 days work into 2 days due to delay of shipment; they work long hours to meet the promised deadline.  I highly recommend K&J Windows if you need window work; support our local vendors!!
5	After searching around review websites, I decided to get an estimate from K&J Windows.  They were the first business I spoke to; right away, I knew I didn't need to check into any others.  And, I was right!  They were easy to work with, and so professional.  This is a business that makes you feel important, right from the start.  No over-worked sales pitch - just honest, helpful information - clean and simple.  They did a fabulous job - were timely, clean, considerate, and made sure to follow up on our satisfaction.  Even the neighbors were impressed!  I highly recommend them.
5	This company was great.If your looking for a quality window supplier at a fair price and complete satisfaction, you need to check this business out. No pressure.Cody (General Manager) was very friendly and especially knowledgeable on the quality and features in their product line. Chris the lead installer did a pre measurement for four window replacements at the site. The final installed cost from Cody was very reasonable when we also considered this company had it's own installers, and we would be dealing directly with Cody on both any installation issues and any future manufacturer warranty conditions.At the time of installation, it was quite evident that Chris and Tim knew their craft, which resulted in a glitch free installation. They arrived and finished on-time, and cleaned up after themselves. We had a final walk-thru and everything was installed to our complete satisfaction.We have more windows  that need future replacement, and will definitely use this company at that time.
5	Tony came out and found a roof leak effecting my windows!!!  I fixed that first and had four HUGE windows replaced.  The location of the windows would have made any installer cringe--close to a hot tub and the other in a narrow alley way.  They never complained, were VERY clean in and out.  He said I would love the windows and I do!!  Seriously, they block the heat from coming in, do not allow the a/c from escaping, and dont require sun screens.  Totally worth it.  I am saving up to replace all the windows in the house now.
5	We have been thoroughly impressed with the service, follow-up and attention to detail from these guys. They definitely stand out in a really good way. Think about all the shoddy contractor interactions you've had in Phoenix and forget it - these guys are absolutely top-notch all the way from the reasonably priced bid to the insistence that we don't pay until our warranty issue is resolved. True pros!!
5	Best contractor we've ever worked with. Why? Thorough, knowledgeable, flexible, and patient in helping us choose the right product. I never felt rushed. Excellent at setting expectations, then exceeding them. And by far the cleanest and most professional install experience we've ever had. Big box guys might have started out a little lower on price, butI have no doubt  the product and service we received were superior. And based on the few surprises our 1970s home threw at us, no doubt we would have spent more in the end. Cody and Chris were great problem solvers and owned every step of the process. I was impressed right til the end when they wouldn't bill us until the hfollow up items were completed and the last bit of caulk went down. Truly impressive and much appreciated - we will definitely be back!
5	After a move from New Mexico to Phoenix and the purchase of a house in need of remodeling and new windows, both my son and myself decided to hire K&J Windows for replacement Simonton windows in June. We had visited other places locally, no big box stores though as I prefer to hire local companies if I can, it was obvious that K&J Windows were pros and incredibly professional. We met Cody first in the showroom who showed us a type of windows from Simonton that could work for my son's house then sent us Tony to measure, give us his opinion and finally e-mail us an estimate.The cost was very reasonable and the Simonton replacement windows sounded perfect so we decided to order 7 of them. Tony was extremely helpful. Chris the head installer came to take the final measurements and installed in no time. I was still at the time in New Mexico but my son was quite impressed with everyone and the final product looks fantastic. In September it was my turn to move to Phoenix and after the purchase of my own house again in need of renovation and new windows, of course we immediately called Tony to come measure all the windows in the house for an estimate. He gave us a really good deal for 25 windows of the best quality by Simonton. Those are slightly different from my son's house since they are thicker yet do not cut the view of the lake the house is fronting. The result is unreal. It was amazing that the 25 windows were installed in 3 days by a wonderful crew led by Chris of course and that when they left the house looked like it always had those fabulous windows without any disruption to the outside paint or stucco!The service and attention to detail we have had from everyone at K&J Windows is exceptional. Jessica is always so cheerful and helpful on the phone, Tony is a gem, he gave me excellent advice even if his own interest and that of the company would have been to sell me something bigger like a large sliding door window, he suggested to keep the same window opening as before to obtain the best unobstructed lake view. Tony really takes the customer's interest at heart and I am so glad I took his advice and ordered the suggested windows.Chris as the lead installer is also very personable and explains the entire process going the extra mile to please the customer and makes sure there is no stress involved. His crew is top notch with always a smile and an unequaled work ethic.I don't seem to find enough superlatives to describe the level of professionalism, cleanliness and readiness to make the entire process easy for a picky client like myself that those guys have demonstrated during our 2 houses installs.My neighbors keep admiring the beautiful windows when they pass our house, the house has truly been transformed by the Simonton windows from K&J Windows.I am still awaiting with excited anticipation the installation of a new entrance door and 3 other secondary doors. All the costs are so reasonable, the entire experience so painless and I am such a very HAPPY, ecstatic customer! I wouldn't even loose my time inquiring anywhere else, this company is the best I have had to deal with and I recommend them with all my heart because I am thoroughly impressed by their employees, products and services. They can't be beat!Hurry and call them when you are ready for a big house transformation. To Cody, Tony, Chris and Jessica, a huge thank you for your help to make our move such an easy transition with a painless window replacement process on 2 houses.To anyone who is considering replacing windows I encourage you to start the process and assure you of a wonderful outcome, you'll be so happy when your house looks like brand new and you save on energy costs!
5	From start to finish the entire team at K&J Windows were GREAT! Fair price, great communication, installers showed up on time and were very careful and took their time from start to finish of the install. We could not be happier and would highly recommend them to anyone shopping for new windows! Thanks K&J!
5	Rarely do I come across someone who is as honest and knowledgeable as the owner of this business.  His understanding of what is needed to be done in reference to windows and doors is truly unparalleled.  I reached out to their company for a consultation and was very pleased with the information I obtained as well as the outcome.  In reference to windows, I have found my #1 resource.
5	From start to finish, K&J was the best in town.  Their staff extremely helpful, patient and knowledgeable.  The provide a good quality window for the best prices in town, From sales to install I can't speak more highly of the service they provide.
