3	I guess with such a hire rating in TripAdvisor I was expecting more but our room was a small thin room that had a window that looked into the parking lot. The breakfast in bed was nice but nothing really all that special. The staff were very nice but did not give us a metro pass even though it was advertised as part of the package online. We asked for a Queen size bed since I am tall and I am pretty sure it was not. The location is just outside the main part of Montreal so it is 10 extra minutes to walk to wherever you want. Only 20 minutes to old Montreal so it is not far, just not really that close either. Overall the price was pretty good but with all the small things that annoyed me I can't really give it more than a 3 star.
3	Its a nice little place. We stayed there for a long weekend. We were looking for a nice and clean hotel close to downtown Montreal. Unfortunately, it wasn't any easy task. Most of the hotels are pricy... This hotel came across our search on trip advisor and had  mostly good reviews. We took our chances and were satisfied. It was close to Old Montreal and all the fun places. The room was a bit small but again clean. They also had breakfast "in bed": they would leave a basket with some muffins, yogurt and fruits for you by the door. I thought it was a great idea as I like to have my coffee and breakfast before I go out. Talking about coffee...the only problem we had is  broken coffee maker in the room...but they had coffee ready for you downstairs in the lunch room so it wasnt a big issue. All in all, great place for the money you pay, clean and friendly people.
1	The hotel's location is close to the subway and it's size is very small, yet the service is incredibly unpleasant.Why? Because lobby receptionists (all except one of them-the young guy with black hair & glasses) were EXTREMELY nosy, especially the night one, who went out of his way to make me uncomfortable. The first night i went downstairs to grab a bite and the lobby receptionist came down and commanded me to wash my own dishes because he was in charge of the kitchen that night. He did not say thank you or please. The next afternoon I woke up to a call asking me if I wanted my room cleaned. I said yes and when the cleaning lady came to clean, the lobby receptionist personally came upstairs to my room saying that I shouldn't be checking out so late and he was only allowing it because it was christmas, I felt unwanted and unwelcome...we weren't checking out that day, in fact we had just arrived the day before. The third night a receptionist saw me struggling with the printer (we were going out that night and were printing tickets to a concert). The printer got jammed after printing a page so I had to personally fix the printer, as the receptionist saw me struggling and instead of offering to help, looked away and comfortably sat on a couch reading a newspaper.The fourth night is what really drove me crazy. I was cuddling with my girlfriend in bed, trying to pack and felt someone try to open my room door then suddenly close it. I got up from the bed somewhat scared and opened it. Surprise surprise, it was the lobby receptionist who instead of apologizing for the disturbance, yelled at me saying doors were supposed to be shut. Very disappointed with the service, felt very unwelcome. The location isn't bad but two out of the three receptionists (the young one with black hair and glasses is the only good one) are annoyingly invasive (move ur doorknob in the middle of the night without apologizing) , unorganized (mess up your check out date) and rude(command customers to wash dishes)
2	It's a small boutique hotel in a great location. One of the main train stations is exactly opposite the hotel. You're within walking distance to the Village, Latin Quarter, Old Montreal, downtown, Chinatown, etc. We didn't interact much with staff but they were friendly for the most part. The first night, the front desk staff was a bit aloof and cold. During the rest of our stay, the gentleman working the front desk was pretty friendly. Overall, the hotel rooms are extremely small. I was a bit surprised given the ratings and reviews. I found the rooms to be a bit dingy and in need of an update. I wasn't too comfortable with the bedding or pillows but the rooms were sanitary. If it wasn't for the location, I'd give this hotel one star.
