2	I've heard so much about the Waffle House from my husband who was formerly a truck driver, and my friends from the south.  That's it.  No one else raves about it because it's not good.  No offense to my friends with all the melanin, I'm sure if I actually liked waffles or pancakes, I might enjoy this place.  But the idea of liquified sugar on an empty stomach makes me want to gag.  Actually syrup at any time of the day is gross.  And the rest of the food is bland.  Blander than Denny's and way worse than IHOP.You would think that eggs and hash browns wouldn't be so hard to make, but I've never tasted anything with so little flavor.  That must be why they offer it smothered, covered, etc. because the actual vehicle/food has so little taste that it actually sucks the ability of tasting anything out of your tastebuds.There are so many decent breakfast joints around, I have no idea why anyone would purposely go here.  Except for the fact that it's in front of the Red Owl and you might be able to go here after you drank way too much and wouldn't know the difference anyways.
5	I loooooove waffles!My first time ever eating at waffle house was in VA and this place was just as good. Their service was great and quick.I can't wait to visit this place in october.
3	I normally don't eat or yelp about corporate restaurants but I was very impressed with the Waffle house on University, not Baseline that's a different story. I'm not going to say that the food is great but as said before it is what it is and the workers are doing the best they can with their restaurant.  -Clean-Good service-Open Clean Kitchen-Juke Box
3	Over the weekend visit to AZ I had nothing but corporate stores and in my attempt to try something that didn't look familiar we came here for a quick breakfast only to find out it too was a chain that I just didn't know about so much for that idea. Got cheese eggs, toast, grits, and a waffle with coffees. Cheese was a Velveta type flavored egg, toast and grits solid ad waffle ok too. 10 times better than the Denny's meal the day before but overall greatness just OK. Solid cheap regular not healthy breakfast period.
3	I live down the street from this WH so my circle of friends often finds ourselves here after a night of debauchery. It's really nothing special, trucker food at it's best, but the staff is really nice and there's something about it that makes my hangovers feel better.
2	Went here back when I lived in FL. I used to love it! Saw this while in AZ and was really excited. Had their infamous Hash Browns. They are well known for their Diced, Covered, & Smothered Hash Browns, but now they include Chili, Shrooms, & Jalapenos on top. Decided to have everything on it. It was ok, nothing to write home about. Honestly this dish needed more cheese. Their coffee was awesome. Price was right, the dish was only $3.99!
1	I usually like waffle house but I will never go to this one again! Our waitress was a straight up bitch and I was so polite to her. She was rude in the way she talked to me and my friends and she rolled her eyes at me. All I even said was that I would like water when she asked what we wanted for our drinks. I just let it go cuz I figured it's late and she's grumpy but seriously it was rude
4	In my 37 years I have never been to a Waffle house, I know crazy right?? Went their sat night and being a true geek sat at the counter to watch the cooking go down.  I of course ordered a waffle with chocolate chips & whipped cream,,yea that's how I like it! Got me some loaded hash browns with ham & onions and coffee, man so good luv it!!! Service was fast and friendly; it was great late night snack on a Sat Night! Ill will be back!
4	I love Waffle House, especially for breakfast.  I usually get the same thing every time I come here, and its always tasty, filling, and really hits the spot.This is my "got to" location for Waffle House's.  Not my favorite, but its closest to me for getting my fix.  I came here for the millionth time this morning, and got my 2 eggs over medium, hash browns and Cinnamon raisin toast with their apple butter spread.  Service was quick, and it was early enough that hardly anyone was there.The only downside to this location is a two part thing.  First, their parking here is tight.  be careful!  If you drive a bigger car, or its busy, you probably will want to park a little farther back.  I've had to do it a few times myself, and its worth it versus getting hit or whatever in the parking lot.  Also, the place is located right next to the loop 101, and I've passed it more then once.  This is part of why its not my favorite location.  Aside from the cramped parking, it can be a pain to get to if your going during a heavy traffic time.  Kinda sucky.I will be back in the future because I love Waffle house...this one has good service, but parking and getting in and out can be tricky at times.
2	Ugh...I had never been to a Waffle House, but my southern friends who frequent them a lot back home convinced me to try it out for a late night creep.  The food is just sub par and sits hard in your belly.  All I ordered was waffles and I wasn't impressed.  I do appreciate that they are open late, so I wont' "throw the baby out with the bathwater".  The cocoa was cool and the server was cute, sweet and attentive.  Fortunately for me, my taste buds are already spoiled with The Good Egg.  I'm so sorry I cheated on you baby!
4	What can I say, I'm a softy for breakfast foods. I fell in love with Waffle House in Orlando, Florida and when I was in Arizon; I knew I must have some breakfast. I love their menu prices and fast service, sometimes it can be a bit of a wait yet be patient as it is worth it.
4	Good food, service is usually good as well even when busy.
5	I have loved Waffle House since my college days in New Mexico.  Back then, a road trip to Albuquerque always included a  journey there for an all you can eat special for $3.99.Prices have gone up just a bit since 1990, but Waffle House is still awesome.  It's still the quintessential American diner.  The varied menu covers all times of day, and the food is delicious all around.  You can get a nice, BIG breakfast here for $7.60 and a ribeye steak meal for $11.55.  How can you beat that for the price?The tag line here is "Good food fast and friendly", and that's exactly what you get.  I'm often in the mood for something simple, quick, and cheap and Waffle House delivers every time.  Why don't I come here more often?
2	I only reviewed this place on June 3rd--why do such a negative update?  In a word, service--or lack thereof.Our bad experience started with a waitress named "Dulce" or "Dulcie" or something like that.  She and another male employee were all that were running the place that night.  We sat down, and she, without any kind of "pardon" or "excuse me", starts pushing my cell phone and our hands and menus out of her way on the table so she can put down the utensils.  Quite rude, and not the end of it.  The male employee was somewhat nicer, but he and her began to engage in a kind of fake belligerence in front of customers--yelling at each other from across the restaurant and using profanity.  Not pleasant at all.  Our food was okay, but showed some degree of not caring--my daughter's chocolate chip waffle didn't have the chips mixed in.  They were thrown on and then burnt on the griddle.I have been to this location a number of times and this is my first bad experience--unfortunately, it was a lulu.  Hopefully it won't be repeated or I will be going elsewhere for my waffles from here on.
1	i will destroy you the way you destroyed my stomach the other night. i"m not even going to do it myself. i"m going to get the wallflowers to play bowie covers in your parking lot to get you to all come outside and then mothra will take care of the rest.  your overnight crew is losing at life in all the worst ways. i abominate this place.
4	OK: several of us have gone to this Waffle House a lot over the last year so and we def like it.The only reason it doesn't get the full 5 stars is because a few of the employees there; in particular one young skinny brunette, have no business working there. Dulce OTOH, IS good IMHO and Margo, Anita and a few of the other 'older' (age 45+) waitresses are great.
3	Trying the All Star Special with a blueberry waffle, eggs over easy, raisin toast and grits. Details to follow.Alright, didn't catch the details on the menu but it cost $.50 extra for the blueberries.  I don't think it was worth it because they seemed fake.Service was prompt and efficient.Food was decent and a welcome change from routine.The grits were delicious, my eggs cooked to order.  I asked for the ham steak and it was alright.  I liked the apple butter served along with the toast but I'm more of a grape jelly fan and darn it we weren't even given a selection to choose from.The waffle is probably something that should've been consumed first because it got cold and the side touching the plate lost that crispy exterior that I like.  It was, um, okay I guess.  I ate a quarter of the waffle and then told my son he could have the rest if he wanted.  Next time I'll pass on the blueberries and try to eat a bit of it immediately after it arrives at the table so I can determine if it's actually good or not.
5	Great food! Great service and awesome experience!  Thanks Waffle House, I love you :D
3	I love my local Waffle House, the food is decent and I love that it's always open. Sometimes the service is really poor though :(
4	Where else can you go for a Candlelight dinner on Valentines Day and NOT spend a fortune?  Yep your local participating Waffle House.  Tonight was my wifes and I third consecutive year going to Waffle House on Valentines Day.  They did a nice job of decorating a section with streamers, tableclothes, Roses and Candles.  There was even a table with Strawberry's and Chocolate.  Aside from being a little ecletic, it's a nice way to enjoy the evening.Sadly, the dinner was not fullfilling.  Our server forgot our pies, we had to request them, and the staff was enjoying the chocolate covered strawberries set out for the customers.  I can't say I blame them, but when they are blatant about it, thats a little to much.  I'm glad that they went to the trouble of making things nice while still staying true to their own menu.  We'll be back again next year.
3	Absolutely the best people watching to be had on a Sunday at 1AM. Food is consistent and it is a fun atmosphere. Very friendly servers. I get to order by picture! Best part.
1	Terrible service terrible food so to sum up terrible!!
2	Walking into this place, you already know what you're going to get.  Sticky tables, sticky floors, nasty bathrooms.  My friend ordered a waffle that came with strawberries, frozen strawberries-watery and tasteless. Unfortunately, this disappointment, big Eggo-type waffel stayed with her for the next 24 hours.  I ordered the patty melt that did not come with the requested grilled onions, was said to be on Texas toast.  The toast was more like the size of Rhode Island.  Will we go back?  Nope, this was a night not worth repeating.  Only reason for two stars is our waitress was nice.
1	With out a doubt the worst Waffle House. Customer service is absolutly worthless. Our server Vanessa was such a bitch to us, other customers and even to her coworkers. The manager Vernon was just about as useless. Will never go back to this location. If you like getting talked down to, by all means eat here.
4	I've been to Waffle Houses all over the country and they are always consistent! Great food at Great prices, you can't go wrong! I know for some people The Waffle House is not your cup of tea but I promise you; the older the location (and grill) the better the food! Mmmm, I can almost taste their Philly on Texas Toast and cheesy eggs and grits!
5	Our waiter Jessie was outstanding. It was only his second day and it seemed like he's been there for years. The food was exceptional too. Everything was just perfect.
5	Have eaten at Waffle House many, many times. My breakfast this morning was absolutely perfect. Just what I was hoping for. Their hashbrowns are delicious, and they have THE best bacon ever. Always crispy, never burnt or undercooked. My eggs were cooked perfectly too. They were very busy this morning, but we didn't wait more than 5 minutes for our food. Two thumbs up, and a very satisfied belly.
5	All-Star Special breakfast plate rules...
5	I've been to Waffle Houses in different parts of the country, usually to slow down absorption of that night's excesses, so this is a bit of a re-discovery for me. After stumbling upon several unusual and fancy breakfast/brunch places in the Phoenix metro area, my usual dining partner and I decided to go the standard route and check out this Waffle House. We wanted waffles and we wanted bacon and we wanted hash browns... but they gotta be CRISPY! We wanted the traditional spread of American breakfasts without paying too much money. And this Waffle House delivered spectacularly!The All-Star Breakfast is the way to go. You get eggs, you get a waffle, you get breakfast meats, you get hash browns (and when you order them crispy, they are perfectly browned and crunchified!). You even get toast with that, in case the carbohydrate content of your meal isn't enough. This meal harkened back to the days when a healthy American breakfast always included toast in addition to your entree carbs (thanks grain lobby!)The service here is fast, friendly and efficient. The open kitchen lets you eyeball the process as the line cook chefs up your grubble. And the condiment selection far exceeds most people's requests. They typically offer red Tabasco, green (jalapeno) Tabasco, ketchup, steak sauce, bizarre house salsa in a bottle, steak sauce, Heinz 57 sauce, and even Worcestshire. I guess some of the less obvious condiments are for lunch and dinner meals, in case your not here to order breakfast (which I'm guessing is available anytime). I did venture to eat the chicken/bacon sandwich here once and was totally pleased. You get a side of hash browns!I'm sold! I love this place. Even though I'm a big fan of unusual, gourmet and gastropub riffs on breakfast and brunch, sometimes I don't require that my food has been dressed in unicorn tears. I just want the standard traditional American breakfast... and this Waffle House excels in exactly that type of fare!
2	Prompt service. Clean. The orange juice was very fresh and tasty. Ordered 2 minutes ago a waffle with two eggs. / food arrived 6 minutes later. Very prompt. But have us grits that we didn't order and didn't ask us about options. Eggs were alright. Was given strawberry jam. My girlfriend grape jelly. Never asked us about those. Our waitress was nice so I won't disclose her name. But the service was not great. Will not come back and do NOT recommend. /finished waffle. It was not great either/
2	Tonight was my first ever visit to a Waffle House restaurant. Tons of food for the money. I ate an All-Star Breakfast Special and added a biscuit with gravy on the side. While the grits were swimming in margarine/oil and were therefore not nearly as good as they could have been, the rest of the meal--waffle, toast, eggs, sausage, biscuit & gravy, hot chocolate--was great. The standout of the visit, though, was the waitress. She was mid-way through a split double shift and exceptionally kind, attentive, patient, and seemed genuinely concerned we have the best dining experience possible. I will be back. Thank you, Waffle House!EDIT: We both came down with viral pneumonia. The waitress was still infectious despite her claim to the contrary. -2 stars and I won't return. If a chain pushes it's staff so close to the line that they must work while terribly sick, don't give them business. If a staff member chooses on their own to put the public at risk, don't go back.
2	I love breakfast but I wasn't impressed. A meal a could have made myself. It was good and a a good price, but nothing special.
1	Nice staff but just nasty food.  I tried to think of a reason for 2 stars but couldn't.   The only thing going through my mind was the high risk for food poisoning.   I could not recommend this place to anyone for any reason.  There are so many better and cleaner places.  The breakfast sandwich is a over easy egg Kraft cheese slice and cheap bread.  You could do so better in your own kitchen.   It was disappointing for kids.  My dry eggs and soggy bacon was no better.
4	I can't believe I'm giving Waffle House 5 stars! But, this place rocks!Impressed that the server thoroughly cleaned the top of the table, sides of the table, and even the seats before seating us.Great service, food tasted great.One minor problem with the order: the server didn't give one person in my party the choice between hash browns and grits. Bacon is crisp. Eggs cooked just right. Almost perfect experience.
4	Waffle House is the Ultimate Hangover Helper.So picture this: It's your annual company Christmas party.You knock back three too many glasses of Pinot Noir and not enough jalapeno bacon wrapped shrimp and bruschetta to counter the effects.Upon waking up, your partner (kind enough to DD / ensure you don't say anything dumb around the Company President or boss, thanks love!) informs you you survived the night with your dignity and class fully intact.High-fiiiiiiiiiiive!But, you still wake up exceptionally hungover. What do you do? You hit up Waffle House for a hangover breakfast to feel better stat, that's what! I can stumble to the counter wearing Yoga pants and hoodie with my hair a hot mess and know no one will judge me (outloud). At least I hope not. Come on, it's near ASU fah cryin' out loud! Oh, you're judging me? Pound sand, sweetheart. The place was clean, and the employees were friendly enough.I can get some coffee, scrambled eggs, semi greasy hash browns and a heaping stack of raisin toast for a great price and feel halfway better by 1PM. Thanks Waffle House for always solving our hangover crises and drunk munchies needs! I know we'll meet again soon ...
4	Great Waffles delicious hot coffee and cook to order breafast.  They also have a juke box.
3	Everything was very sweet and very filling. Our waitress was nice, but service was a little slow and had a few miscommunications throughout the experience.
5	This Wafflehouse is right across the street from our house. We love this place. The staff is friendly, the food is consistent. They always have apple butter at the table, instead of hoarding it in the back, only to be distributed to people who order raisin toast. The bacon is always perfectly crispy, but not burnt.  I always order the All Star Platter, because it comes with a little of everything. I wish I could make my made at home grits taste like weefy-ho. It's VERY clean by diner standards. I saw some booths being bused, and they wiped EVERYTHING down. Our only grievance is how often they run out of chocolate pie. My husband and I, traditionally, start out our Wafflehouse meals with chocolate pie. Don't know why, just always have. However, this location seems to always be sold out (Perhaps we talk about our tradition too often lol) But I'm sorry, Pecan pie just doesn't cut it. Of course we will be back, we can WALK here, and everyone knows our name.
1	Not expecting good quality, its a waffle house. However, I expect them to value their coupons. It was in multiple places online, including a coupon app where I had showed it to her. Instructions said to present to your server. The confused waitress brought over two other people who told me I had to print it or give them a code. Nowhere did it say I had to print it, and there was no code.
