3	Staff was very helpful! They test our water all the time and have been helping us get our pool of the hook for the summer.
5	Last summer, I bought a pair of goggles, and before I'd even worn them, I foolishly left them in the car, and they melted.  These guys let me exchange them, which I thought was very nice of them.  Since then, I've used them for all my pool-related needs.Don't forget - if you buy goggles, don't leave them in the hot car!
5	Wes was very helpful.  He answered ALL of my stupid questions.
1	Rude, service. Was argumentative and short with me. I was the only customer in the store. Was undecided about a purchase and opted for a few chemicals and some goggles. My biggest issue was I added the liquid chlorine and it did NOT have any effect on my tested levels. I added 1 more about 6 hours later. No effect! This was unusual for me as I've been using the same routine for years. I called and the guy was rude on the phone. Strike that-he just seemed annoyed that I dared to even call. I use a different store usually and was lazy, which is why I came to Leslie's which was next door to the place I came from earlier. Big mistake. I'll just go to the competitor I've been going to for years for now on.
1	This place is also a scam. Phos free for $60 when it's 29.99 everywhere else. All there products are overpriced.
1	First time I went to this store, manager Wes was extremely helpful. Talked to me about problems with my spa, options to maintain the water quality, etc. He talked me into about $100 worth of stuff above what I had come in for. All I was missing was a little plastic air release valve. Wes sent me to another store which he said had it in stock. I drove there, they did not have it. Called Wes, he said he would order it for me. Until now I felt fine about this store, even with the extra hassle. After hearing nothing for 3 weeks, I called. Ed said Wes wasn't there, he didn't know anything about it, and blew me off on the phone (the correct response would have been to ask for my info, tell me he would look into it and get back with me). Called next day, Wes said it was never ordered and he didn't know what happened but he might be able  to get it that day. I told him I was going out of town, so if he couldn't get it that day to call me when he got it. Back in town another 3 weeks later. No message. Called store, Ed blew me off on the phone again. Me; "You blew me off the same way on the phone 3 weeks ago." Ed; "Yeah."Will try one more time to see if my little plastic piece is in. First time I went to this store, I left planning to be a repeat customer. Now I'm wondering if they have so many customers that they can afford to take a quick $150 off me and move on.
