5	Killer smoke shop right beside my house! Everytime I go it's always busy, probably because the prices are low.They just started adding a vaping section to the store so all the vape heads can get their fix too. And one of the main reasons I go as well. Nice selection of glass, hookahs, and various niknacks. Check it out if you get a chance, owners are user friendly.
5	Very large glass selection and vape section. The e-liquids are very good and  relatively cheap price. The owners always seem to  offer us a great price on all their products. I would efinitely recommend this place.
5	Good prices and huge selection of vapes and glass! I came in here for Kratom after calling them to make sure they had it and they did for a pretty good price. Would buy from again (:
5	Amazing. Simply amazing. Ask for Jay for all your smoke shop needs. This shop carries all the stuff you need to get a hookahs smoke cloudy! Good and fair prices. I've noticed that they carry good batches of Fumari brand. Other smoke shops that I have encountered carry Fumari but either their bags have too many stems or bad shisha leaves. This shop has the BEST batch I've ever smoked!
1	I went in there with my girlfriend to purchase a hookah, tobacco, and coals. We were about to spend about $80. We waited for about 10 minutes while the owner was with another customer. Respectfully he was helping someone else but we knew exactly what we wanted and were ready to go. He could have helped us easily while his other customer was deciding. When we were rung up, we asked to split the payment 50/50. Split tender is so common today. We didn't have any cash on us and asked him why he couldn't split the payment. His answer was that it's cheaper to do it on one card so he doesn't get charged double, and that we just need to go to a bank and sort it out ourselves. Horrible business decisions if you ask me. Smoke Shop Plus is willing to lose out on $80 sales over a measly $1 or 2 charge for swiping a card. I'm sure we're not the first people to ask for payments to be split. In general they provided poor service, poor pricing, and overall a poorly run business.
5	Went there to get a vape setup and Jay helped me pick the best for my price range. He was so helpful that he made sure I knew how to use everything before I left. He gave me a great price too. Definitely reccomened this place and will be returning back.  Number 1 spot bachem!!!
5	Awesome smoke shop! Can't say any bad things about this place. The son and dad are really nice and provide great customer service. I always come here for my hookah flavor and coal and will continue to do so!
5	Nice selection and great service.  The guy was very nice...walked me through all the options...and hooked me up with a discount.  Enough said.
5	Love this place! Every time I go in I feel so welcomed. The owner and son are always so nice and funny! They make me leave with a smile every single time. Not only do they offer great friendly service, but good prices too!They hook me up every time I need hookah or vapor stuff. If you need shisha it's best to stop in on Tuesdays because that's their restock day. They have the largest selection of flavor that day. If they don't carry a particular flavor just ask them and they'll bring it next shipment! Plus this place has bomb 20ml juices for only $8 (discount if you buy 3).Nothing but good things to say about this shop. They offer me the best deals and service compared to all the other shops I've been to in Vegas. I've been coming here for 5 years and they'll always have my business every time I visit Vegas.
5	Normally when I walk into a smoke shop, I'm usually disappointed because I mainly go to stock up on my shisha and coals for my hookah. I like to entertain my guests and friends with a variety of flavor options so that none of the flavors I mix and match don't dull our hangout experience. When I walked into this quaint shop I was amazed at the large number of flavor options and hookah items. On the outside, it appears to be your typical shop, but inside it is packed with a plethora of items half of which meet my hookah needs.The store is well kept so it prevents you from feeling like you're about to make a deal with shifty individuals in a back alley somewhere. The people who work there are very kind and are actually knowledgeable of their products. They will provide suggestions if they can but aren't overbearing in trying to get a purchase out of you.Overall, I feel very good with going there and I will definitely be going back then next time I need more hookah stuff.
