5	I've been to this McDonald's twice now and the service is fast, friendly, and fantastic! Their employees are very helpful and make sure your order is complete and correct before they hand it over to you. I recommend giving this location a try if you haven't yet. The experience is well worth it!
1	Go to this McDonalds just cause its next to work.  Service is slow...  everyone seems like they don't want to work there.  Even the supervisor doesn't even want to take orders.  Hashbrown taste like a filot fish.  Even drive-thru takes forever.
1	This McDonalds has very poor service. The employees seemed like they did not want to work there at all. Food sometimes takes quite some time to come out. I go here since it is right next to work and is very close. Other coworkers also complain about this McDonalds not being that great and recommended me to actually go out of my way to a different place to get breakfast.
1	I've been to this location 3 different times and ordered 2 double cheeseburgers all 3 times and it was beyond terrible. Cold patties, cheese not melted, carelessly thrown together burgers, fries taste like they have been sitting for days. McDonald's is never expected to be the caviar of food but I would at least expect some sort of quality. If there was an option for 1/2 of a star I would do it.
3	Slowest.... McDonald's..... Ever.... With two drive-thru you would think that this would go a lot faster. I'm very rational about waiting, but what bothers me the most is a type of customer service. Better training is needed. Otherwise great design.
1	I get it, it's McDonalds. You don't want to work there, especially at 5 am. But it's not hard to fake it. Annunciate your words. If you can't do that at least give me a receipt so I know how much you just charged me. At the very least, know the difference between bacon and sausage. Horrible location.
1	So I went to this McDonald's location this morning. Service speed is fine...so I order an egg Mcmuffin and hash brown total 3.88. Cool I hand the girl 3 dollar bills, 3 quarters, a dime and 3 pennies total equals 3.88. Waiting for her to count it and drove to the next window. The manager/supervisor comes running to the window, says I was short 20cents on my order I gave him 20cents as I don't find it something to argue about its 20cents. So I pull off grab my hashbrown from the bag it's old and cold smh. Atleast if you are going to complain about a petty 20 cents and run to the window, I would think you would make sure my food is fresh or hot. I think anyone would agree.
