1	OMG. I came here to just get a trim btwn my regular haircuts and this was a BAD DECISION. I knew it too b/c the girl asked me to stand up @ the beginning of the cut. this tipped me off but I thought this was just a fluke..maybe her chair didnt go that high. either way I should have cancelled the cut and just walked. Next time I know better. A bad haircut is worse than letting split ends survive. She asked:#1) what I wanted. I said to just get a trim off the ends. (my hair is in long layers)#2)Her: Do you want it rounded or straight?Me: Long layers, whatever that is. If you dont know what long layers is and you cut hair.... walk away from the chair!no.. better yet run frmo the chair. my hair is now the ugliest Ive ever seen it . in 3 distinct layrs that are all uneven. She didnt even cross check her work. I just wanted out of there before she coudl do further damage. I dont cut hair cut even I know you always cross check your work. She needs Tabitha.. is all I can say. The girl I dont recall her name but she had short bob haircut.. if she calls your name.. walk out or wait for the next person.
1	Ok, i know what you are thinking... I get what I pay for right? Well this place royally sucks. I went in just to get  my bangs trimmed and I am not sure what the girl did. Actually she had no idea what she was doing and as we were talking I learned she went to cosmetology school as her 7th period class in high school. I though about calling and complaining but i did not want to get a young girl fired. Honestly DO NOT GO HERE. Also, my fiance goes to the manager to get his hair cut the last time he went the manager said that she could not take him because she was "training" but the other girl could, there was no other customer in the shop. For a place that gets such a little business I do not think they should be turning clients away. Honestly this place should be shut down. Worst hair experience I have ever had.
4	I went here for a mens haircut last weekend.  They got me right in, the guy cutting my hair (I think his name was Bob) was very pleasant, and I was very satisfied with my cut.
5	i love love love supercuts! Compared to other cheaper hair salons, they are the best because not only do they go to beauty school for hair but supercuts gives them additional training. This is great because almost all of the stylists are good, it doesnt vary as much as other salons. I usually see Della, for cuts, and recently highlights! She is very kind and easy to talk to.  I will continue to go here - great quality at an affordable price!
1	Don't waste your time at this place. They only have one person that does eyebrow waxing and she is hardly ever there. Previously went there and she was out to lunch at 10:30 AM... Really? I went back and she was off. Yesterday I called at 3:55 PM and asked if she was there, they said yes. I was leaving the mall and got there at 4:00. I walk in and the girl tells me she is leaving for the day and of course no one else there knows how to do it. I'm done wasting my time on this place.
2	I took my son here and next time I will see Della only!  If you have a kid with an opinion of how they like their hair, Bob does NOT listen at all and only seems to know how to use clippers and do a standard clean-cut boy cut or buzz- so if that is what you want than fine.  He got defensive and borderline rude when my son, and myself too, expressed displeasure at the cut but by then it was too late.  He said that in the picture we showed him it was even shorter, but the picture and what he got weren't even close.  Last time when Della did his hair she listened and he loved his haircut!  Go Della, Boo Bob.
1	Came in when there were two people cutting hair.. I waited 10 min and then one finished her customer and continued to fiddle fart around for another  10 min "cleaning up her station"   while I waited.... I felt compelled to leave... and so I did.   There was no.... Sir... we will be right with you.... or don't let the door hit you on your way out....I will not bother to go there again....Don't waste your time or money here....
