1	There's a reason no one's reviewed this yet, and that's because this is a horrible, horrible bar.  The patron are rude AND nondescript. There's always a fratboy 'we didn't know what else to do tonight but wanted to pick up girls' vibe and the bathroom lines are so so so long on weekends. And the wait to get drinks can be pretty freaking long too.It gets one star only because they do have alcohol.
1	My friend went there after midnight on the eve of her 21st birthday (21 at midnight) and they wouldn't let her in.  The bouncer was being rude, so I mentioned to one of my other friends that he was an asshole...and he must have heard me cause he lunged at me like he was going to take me out!  (Mind you I'm a non-threatening 5'2 female)  So before I even knew what was going on, my boyfriend intercepted the bouncer and they brawled it out on the sidewalk for a minute before the fight was broken up.  That bouncer is lucky he didn't lay a hand on me cause I would have kicked him in the nuts.  That bar sucks anyway, so I'm glad my friend didn't spend her first legal night there.
1	I visited Pittsburgh a few weeks ago for the Indianapolis vs. Steelers game...the game rocked.  This bar, did not.  I am a pretty easy to please girl.  Give me drinks, give me bar food, give me fun.  This bar barely accomplished the drink part!There was a large group of heavy drinkers with me.  Most of us were drinking normal, easy drinks including vodka tonics and Miller Lite.  Our server greeted us but then was long and lost only reappearing every 20 minutes or so, took FOREVER to take our order and eventually pissed us off so bad, we tipped her $2.00 on an over $200 bill.  As close as we were sitting to the door, we could have escaped without paying and gotten away with it and my drunky friends really wanted to.  Having been a server in the past, I did my best to tally up the bill and we left just enough to cover before bolting out the door.Not only did she not bring us drinks quickly, she didn't bring the right mixed drinks the majority of the time.  Even after REASSURING her we would be a good table, leave a hefty tip and be big spenders, she avoided us like the plague.  Was it busy ...YES, but DO YOUR JOB.  Avoid your small, stingy tables who aren't ordering food or drinks and wait on the ones with gusto who have promised you big rewards for adequate service...or don't and get left with a $2.00 slap in the face.Our food took over an hour to come out....we ordered sliders, mozzerella balls and BLT sandwiches.  I'm not sure what the hold up was with the dinner portion but needless to say, with empty drinks, my little crowd of 10 was getting pissy.  It is too bad, too b/c the food didn't suck but one could not PAY me to return to this little hell hole on Carson Street.  There are way too many other fun options and the service ALONE killed this place for me.Miss Waitress knows who she is...and even though her excuses of being very busy and having tables in all areas were supposed to make us feel sorry for her, after awhile all she sounded like was the teacher from Peanuts...wah wah wah wah, STFU and DO YOUR JOB...I hope your boss reads this and does something about it, b/c I'm fairly sure that it is just a lack of interest in your work that made our experience SUCK so bad.  Never. Again.
3	Tater Tots. Yes, this bar has tater tots on the menu. Need I say more? As a note, I avoid this and most uber-crowded South Side bars after midnight on a Friday or Saturday. You're either there to be drunk or to be seen - not to get good service.However, if you head to Mario's for happy hour, you'll get a good crowd, good prices on their decent draft selection and some tasty apps. Their insanity wings rival any other bar in the neighborhood (ahem... fatheads) for their level of spiciness. Their nachos can make a dinner for 2. If you stay after happy hour, the prices are still pretty reasonable and the bartenders are still pretty nice. It's a great place to watch a Pens game or a college basketball game.Overall, it's a good weeknight bar with classic hardwood everywhere, nice bathrooms, and TATER TOTS.
5	I love Mario's South Side Saloon! This is a must visit bar when I'm in town, and my childhood friends still in the Burgh frequent this place often. The food is incredible. The nights are fun, the drinks are large, and the proprietors cool. During football season you can see Steeler Jeff Reed film his show. Crowd is fresh, bartenders cute, waitresses hot (or so I am told)...come on...what's not to like? (They are under new ownership, and they've totally redone the place, too)Spent my 26th birthday here...set up a balcony table, served my cake, got free shots from the owner to celebrate! Awesome guy!
4	parking in the southside isn't as difficult as i thought it was going to be.  check down the side streets and you're sure to find a spot within 10 minutes TOPS.  mario's is a great spot for some appetizers and drinks.  the happy hour on friday was a little loud and the bar music was competing with some dude singing and playing guitar in the other room.  here's the thing, the chicken nachos were $4 or $5 during happy hour and my cocktails were $2 a piece.  this is a steal!  you can't make chicken nachos at home for $5.  the nachos are served with sour cream and salsa and i was pleased that the waitress brought a little cup of each for both me and my man.  we love mario's especially at the happy hour price.  yummy nachos, strong drinks, chill atmosphere, cheap prices is our equivalent to a great night out.  i recommend eating in the bar area.  the tables in the other area (where the dude was singing) seem claustraphobic.
2	We got there and the place was packed.  You could not even walk in the door and the bouncers even stopped letting people in twice.  I saw two different people throwing up on a table and on the floor.  Our waitress took forever getting our drinks and was wasted and we are positive put a few drinks on our bill that we didn't order.  Drink specials are good though.  But it is definitely not somewhere I want to go on a regular basis.
3	As many timed as I've been to Marios I don't think I've ever tasted the food. If you are in town and you like beer in large quantities stop by and drink a 'yard' otherwise this is just another Southside bar. If you are getting a yard you will have to put down a credit card for security deposit on the glass (be careful the glasses are expensive)!
5	Mario's is by far my favorite happy hour spot in South Side. You can't beat half price drinks and $3.95 appetizers, which is their happy hour special. I have never left there with a bill higher than $20 for 2 people... which for my boyfriend and I can include but not limited to miller lite ($1.75 each), hoegaarden ($2.50 each), double captain and coke ($5.00), large chicken nachos ($4.95), spinach dip with pita bread ($3.95... this by far is the best spinach dip I've ever had), as well as wings, mini hot dogs, pierogies, etc.... Such a great deal. Now I will admit that I rarely go to Mario's UNLESS it's happy hour, so my opinion I suppose is fairly biased considering happy hour crowds are generally more laid back and reserved and it's not as packed as I've seen it late night on weekends. But I must say, I love this place. I love the atmosphere, the staff, the food, the drinks... and as long as I work one block up, this is where you'll find me at least once a week from 5-7.
3	Marios is a fun bar that doesn't charge a cover on the weekends, so it's a place my friends and I end up a lot. It's a pretty big bar, and it gets SUPER crowded, but it's a fun place where you can relax and have a good time.I've eaten here two or three times, and the food is good, but nothing memorable.They don't really have drink specials (other than a different $2.00 beer every night), but it's not expensive.The one downer, though (for me), is that the Blue Lou's side still allows smoking. *cough cough cough cough*Other than that, it's a bar that's all right by me.
3	Mario's is a decent bar that doesn't charge a cover and has a TON of space.  This place fills with college students from wall to wall (and that says a lot since this takes up the space of two store fronts).  Reasonable drink specials (if you're down with domestics).  Not somewhere I would recommend if you're trying to talk with friends, but a great place to meet people.  Mario IS Pittsburgh's college bar.
4	Rolled in during a trip to a Pirates game.  Great service & an absolute jumping crowd.  We were told after 11:00 the place gets jammed and like clockwork it did.  Great people watching spot.  Get upstairs if there is room and watch the Magen down below.
4	I was in Pittsburgh for the day and I met up with an old friend who was going to take me to the South Side. We ended up at Marios.Its a pretty cool looking place with a lot of room to hang out, drink and watch the game. The staff is friendly and they work hard and there are enough tv's to catch all the highlights.They offer beer in numerous sizes which is a cool touch. The bar also has a decent array of brews for you to sample.They off a large 64 ounce boot filled to the top with your favorite brew. I obviously had to try this and went with a very large serving of Yuengling!
4	My girlfriend and I are visiting Pittsburgh and we went to Fat Heads for dinner (see my Fat Heads Review if you haven't been there).  Afterwards, we were looking for a bar where we could watch the Pitt-'Nova basketball game and then have a few beers.  We came into Mario's becuase both of us were full and didn't want to walk on a full stomach from Fat Heads.  When we walked in there weren't many people there so we were able to secure a good spot, which helped out later in the night.  There are two parts to this bar, im not sure what the other bar is called but it's a smoking bar while Mario's isn't.  I'm not a smoker so I really appreciated that it was a smoke-free zone.  We proped up on a ledge towards the back of the bar in direct sight of the bartender so he came over very frequently to check on us.  One of the owners was standing next to us and we were chatting with him for an hour or so and he's running a great establishment.  There is a good amount of TV's positioned behind the bar so if you're going there to watch a game you won't be disappointed.  We didn't eat so I'm not sure if the food is good or not.  If I lived in Pittsburgh, I could definitely make Mario's my home bar.
4	Each Wednesday, Mario's South Side Saloon plays host to Team Trivia. Last week, we went for the first time and had a blast. We didn't win, but if we did, our pre-trivia meal would have been covered, since the first place receives Mario's Gift Certificates. Before trivia, I feasted on one of the burgers, the Cow Tipper. The cow tipper is a hamburger with avacado, red and banana peppers, cheddar and mozzarella cheeses. Despite not being asked how I wanted my burger cooked, it turned out medium-well. The burger was thick and difficult to get your mouth around, but each bite got a little of every ingredient for a consistant meal. I wish the avacado would have been on top of the burger instead of under it, because it left the bottom bun soft and mushy. The curly fries were a good choice for a side, especially seeing the sweet potato fries were soft and greesy (how, I don't know). In the end, I was pleased and learned that I need to see more movies in order to compete in Team Trivia.
4	Bringing me back to college days- Marios is the less dungeony cousin to the old Playwright in New Haven... Actually I feel that the entire Carson st. street is very similar to the crown st. area in New Haven. My first time in Pittsburgh led me to conclude the following-A. Big Big folksB. Friendly folks smoking cigarettesC. Jag-off is a word equal to the NYC Guidish term "haahd-On"D. These people love bridges almost as much a cigarettesE. People can recognize Johnny Rod from W.A.S.P.F. Dont order a Vodka tonic and expect to talk to chicksG. Deconstructivsm at its best! -describing the urban renewal of the past 50 years and well as the internal organs of the heavy drinkers and smokers.
4	There are many good things about Mario's. It's awfully spacious which means you can easily get a seat at the bar or a booth when just going on a random night or during the day  The staff are very friendly and the food is surprisingly awesome. Between the tater tots (hello) , fried pickles and my all-time-favorite, the Golden Gate Turkey, you can't go wrong with your pick. Drinks are strong and beer selection is wide. Go there on Wednesday night for trivia. They also have a bunch of TVs if you're into sports 'n at. Only downfall is that it does get super packed on Fri & Sat nights, but who doesn't on Carson St.
3	It's hard to rate bars because so few stand out from any others. This one wasn't bad, but the service (as is true for most crowded bars) was average. Certainly, I've seen worse. In fact once I got my cheap Miller Lite, a server kept coming upstairs where we were situated to see if we wanted more. The atmosphere was loud, but man where the hell were all the girls? It was like dude central. They had some TV's that were huge so that was a plus, but there wasn't dancing or anything, it was a bunch of people roaming around drinking at a decent price.
1	Perhaps I hated Mario's because I am older than 22 or perhaps it is because I felt like a pin ball being shoved between dude after dude.  It also could have been the Philly in me not being able to relax in a bar that has large stained glass windows dedicated to Pittsburgh Sports (I felt like I was behind enemy lines).  Either way, the cheap beer was not enough to woo me into liking Mario's.  The music was too random to be ironic.  I am not good at math, but I do know that the ratio here of dudes to girls = sausage fest.We had one beer here and it took all my might to not throw some 'bows.
4	Yes I am a fan of Mario's! Last year I was quite the regular. I knew all the bartenders and would come for every Pens game or football game. One main reason I would frequent so often was because it was my hangout where everyone knows your name and I wanted to catch the Hockey players when they were out. OK I was a little star struck but it wears off!This bar was voted best college bar and sports bar of 2010 so I think that says a lot. Last year I was in party mode and if you are into that scene here is where the meat market takes place. Jocks and those chasing jocks from neighboring colleges pretty much live here. It is a busy bar almost any night of the week so if you want to be immersed in a crowd and you have someone visiting from out of town bring them here instead of some dead dive bar.I believe that Mario Lemieux owns this bar so it is decorated in player Jerseys and sports memorabilia. The space is big so you will always have a view of the game no matter where you are. TVs are all over. I prefer to sit at the bar but if you want to do that, get there a little earlier, very early if you are planning for playoffs. They have tots! I love tater tots and they've got em' yumm. They also have many more apps and bar food. I don't consider it to be fine dining it's comfort food that tastes good with beers. Goblet night, $2 beers during game time, trivia, random goof off night, tasty shooters(blue sweet tarts)...those are the things that make Mario's shine. I have to get my game face on because Mario's it's ON!
4	Been there many times with friends who live in south side...on of the better bars iv been too...just wish they would ban smoking in Penn...
2	An hour at Marios is like being inside an episode of Real World/Road Rules Challenge.There's people making out, fist fighting, throwing drinks, falling down etc. pretty much everywhere you look.If I was still in college, and this was the only place that would accept my fake ID, I would definitely go back.
4	Classic Southside stopFlirt with attractive collegeDrunks while being crushed.(b)
3	Mario's is better on weeknights. It gets waaaaay too packed on the weekends. Monday nights they have live music. It usually sucks!
3	We did not come for the food only drinks on a Saturday Afternoon.     We were warned this placed is flooded by college kids at night - which seemed interestnig and we were thinking about coming back for the comedic affect.    We did get our comedy for the day at this place.   When the bartender ran a purse out of the establishment to give to another person (who she thought left it).   The funny thing was that it was not that person's purse.Any way the beers were cold and tasty.  We did not eat there but others were.    they have a spin wheel which determines the shot you will need to drink.I would go back but be warned - this place will get much younger as the night progresses.Atmosphere - Traditional Pub during the day - good craft beer selection - easy going / funCost - normal - about $5 per craft beerService - Great - Our server was great.Enjoy
1	I went here to watch a Steelers game.  That was a poor decision.  The food was fried to a crisp, tasted awful, and was overpriced.  To top it off, our service was slow - we were dying to get out of there and couldn't find a waitress.  The layout is awkward so it was impossible to get a good view of a TV.  We stayed long enough to finish our meals and pay, and then we left for The Bar - a place that can be proud to call itself a sports bar.  I won't be back to Mario's!
4	Used to here often when I lived here. A PGH landmark. Ignore the haters. Enjoy it for what it is and you will like it.
5	Mario's is always a go-to bar if you can't decide where to go among the dozens and dozens of other bars in Southside. This place was my Saturday Afternoon hang out for lunch, college football, and 1 dollar Blue Moon drafts. Food wise, typical bar food, I always get the cajun chicken sandwich and the french onion soup and it never disappoints. I give it 5 stars for being a great local bar with a great staff for happy hour or a couple drinks on a weeknight. Friday and Saturday nights are packed with people, which is normal, being a Southside staple, but it might not be for everyone. Especially if you're over 23 and tired of that scene. I can't count how much money I've spent on the Mario's jukebox(s). All and all, I love it.
2	Mario's is packed and loud. the food is decent. The only place to escape the chaos is the smoking side of the establishment. There are less people over there if you dont mind cigarette smoke. But get this, YOU CAN'T SMOKE CIGARS! What is up with that. Everyone can smoke nasty cigarettes but if you light up a cigar, the little man behind the bar will come out and tell you NO. That is ridiculous. Just another southside bar. Nothing special.
3	Fun bar for a younger crowd .. Not my cup of teaI'm laid back lounge gal.. Lol
1	Horrible bar. Horrible crowd. If you're over the age of 22 avoid at all costs.
4	My sister's friend's apartment is literally around the corner from this place somewhere on Carson street. To describe Carson street in a nutshell . . . . it is the Williamsburg of Pittsburgh. Maybe the more rowdy and care-free artsy form of Williamsburg with a few more grown-ups thrown in between. Anyway, the menu of craft and regular beers here was excellent. They even had Bell's Oberon! Which does not sell no matter how hard you try to search for it in New York. I know this, because the distributor hates New York and refuses to sell here. Oh, Michigan. I love you. Anyway, they had additional fancy things like Atwater stout, East End IPA, First Amendment, Framboise on tap, Leinenkugel, a couple Penn ales I'm unfamiliar with. But you know what? I had 3 pints of fancy beers. Guess how much it came out to? Only $10! I thought it was a mistake it was so cheap. They also had Blue Moon as a special of the day on tap for $2. I'm simply amazed. Anyway, the rest of our group also ordered a bunch of chicken wings which looked pretty good and came in a large variety of sauces and spices. The bar is pretty relaxed and divey. Both an upstairs and downstairs. Definitely a Pirates/Penguins fan bar. Don't forget to check out the bathroom. The doors are wide open and oddly the men's and women's you can easily peer into on when coming down the stairs. BUT they have chalk board walls in each stall! How exciting! See inserted pictures! And the sink is pretty innovative as well. It's like a shelf but the water just magically disappears in its rightful place!
4	Decent food and good drink specials. We were in from Chicago during Stanley Cup finals and the staff was awesome in providing us a place to catch the game!
5	Great place! I came in to watch the Blackhawks game and Ray was a stellar bartender. Also had the pub fries, with bacon and cheese...yum!
4	Mario's, why you gotta be SO loud? Obviously bars will be loud. I'm 23 -- I can deal with above-average noise levels, but this is just ridiculous. The first time I came here two-ish years ago, at least I could appreciate the music that was being played, but when I was here this past weekend all I would think was WTF? There's a jukebox and I've got to assume that's the problem because the music that was playing was extremely random and extremely bad.The things that really redeem this place for me are a) the food and b) the prices. I guess in Atlanta I'm used to ridiculously high prices for not a lot of food and paying $5+ for a semi-decent beer. When I saw they had a $2 Blue Moon draft special I was floored! I can't even get a bottled Bud Light for that price at most bars where I live. My favorite local bar at home has Blue Moon on special for $4 (it's typically $5), so $2 seems like a steal.My boyfriend and I both really enjoyed our appetizer (cheese and bacon fries) and our sandwiches (I had the Italian Hoagie and my boyfriend had the Pgh Pastrami). We were so full from the fries that we both only ate half of our sandwiches. We took them to go, but accidentally left them at the place we were staying at while we were in Pittsburgh and we were pretty upset we didn't get to enjoy our leftovers. :(Our server was really great and super friendly. It was crowded, but she checked on us frequently and made sure we got everything we needed.I would definitely come back here next time I'm in Pittsburgh. Maybe not at night, though. All they need to do is turn down the music so I don't have to scream "WHAT?" every time one of my friends speaks and I'd give this place five stars!
3	So, Mario's is your average southside bar. Maybe a little more sports barish than others, but nothing special. Drinks are cheap if you get the specials, and the food isn't bad. Overall, not bad.
3	Marios is your typical Southside bar.  It is usually packed later on in the evening on Friday and Saturday nights. I recommend going early to grab a seat at the bar or upstairs (they have a really neat upstairs part of the bar that overlooks the downstairs).  The bartenders are friendly and quick to get you a drink.  They usually have great drink specials. Saturdays are $3 Blue Moon drafts although they did run out early on in the evening. The drinks are pretty reasonable priced (shots too) and they usually have a nice list of draft beer.
5	I LOVE MARIO'S! I visit Pittsburgh at least once a year and I make sure to visit this spot every time! The staff are awesome and personable! Even when it's super busy, you can still get a drink in reasonable time! I like how there are levels that welcome smoking and other ones that do not. (I'm a non-smoker and appreciate this quality!) It gets rowdy there, but that's part of the South Side fun!
1	At one time Mario's was the place to go in the southside, when it was the only thing in the southside.  But now the food is below average and it's just for a place for drunk immature assholes. There are better places to go now.
2	"This world needs a new plague" - Dwight K. SchrutteThat's how I felt after my last trip to Mario's. Perhaps it was because I was the only sober person on Carson Street at 1 am on Halloween but I have never been angrier at a bar ever. To start the doorman was an ass. I can't blame him all that much because I would be pissed too with the amount of "21" year old asshats coming through the doors but at least TRY to maintain some professionalism. Same with the bartenders. Ok I get it you are busy. But you are going to make a grand tonight so suck it up cupcake. Also use you head. Don't spend so much time on the drunk sluts who order 10 drinks one at a time and don't tip. My biggest complaint however was the clientele. So many assholes that for the first time I honestly hoped a place would spontaneously combust with everyone inside just for the good of humanity. I wish I could say that this was unusual but this seems to be the same story song and dance every weekend at Mario's. You may ask why this review is getting a 2 star. I must grudgingly say that Mario's does have some redeeming qualities, just earlier in the day. The decor is almost "Cheers"-like. Lots of wood and stained glass. The service, when the bar is about empty, has always been at least pleasant. The food is ok too. Nothing great; standard greasy bar food. All in all this place is a passable bar prior to about 10 pm. Otherwise avoid Mario's like it was giving out free Ebola injections with every admittance.
4	Been here a couple times... One of my favorite bars on Carson st. It gets crowded on the weekends! Huge bar with plenty of levels. Food always looks and smells good but I am yet to try it. Good deals on drinks, not too expensive of a bar. Reasonable prices and attentive service make Marion's a great place to start the night on the town. I do not like how the floors get sticky and aren't regularly kept squeaky clean.Waiters and bar tenders are pretty attentive and helpful, no complaints on service. Mario's is a solid 3.5 star bar. I rounded up here.
1	Gross place. Has gotten even worse in the last year or so.
