1	I had the worst experience ever. I have been client of this bank since 8 years ago., But I hadn't been in this branch before. I went there in March 2013 with 7000 dollars to deposit in my account. This  money was my moms which is visiting here from South America. I offered her to keep her money in my account while she is here in Arizona.I filled in my deposit slip. Teller asks me to "wait" while she goes to the back and counts the money. Well, she comes back to the front to tell me that there is only 6000 dollars in there. I told her I was absolutely sure i had 7000$.... And told me to go ahead and count.  Of course, the 1000 missing were not going to be there anymore. Ok. I filed the complaint to the manager in charge of the branch. She said she was going to start an investigation and they would come back to me in a few days. She did follow up with me for about a week, with no answers from the security company that was supposed to be going to review the cameras and the videos.... Well, this was almost 4 months ago. Never got any answer, and of course,i as the customer, ended up with the short end of the stick. I lost 1000 dollars, that the teller was supposed to count IN FRONT OF ME,but she did not, and also, being completelly ignored by the staff of the bank who never gave me any answer. I will cancel my account with htis bank, and will make sure people knows about the poor service that i received after losing my money. I still cant believe this situation happened in this bank.
1	Worst service ever I have a few business accounts here and waited in the drive threw line for 30min then decided to go inside.  The wait was just as long inside.  The business teller was not nice and was not helpful. Horrible experience for a loyal customer.
5	This is a small wittle bank. The two tellers seemed nice. My favorite part is that there was nobody there which surprised me given it's a Saturday. My only complaint is that I used the ATM outside to deposit and it seriously took 15 minutes! 15 minutes!!!Which led me to use the actual humans inside. Looks like I found my new bank
