5	We all know how hard it is to find an honest mechanic. Luckily, I have 1 right up the street. Today was my second time at the Brake Masters at Shea & Scottsdale Rd. I had somehow managed to break the button that automatically opens the gas cap by my steering column. I had been quoted a full day of work and a $90 price tag by a reputable repair shop close by. Remembering my first good experience at Brake Masters, I figured I'd give them a shot, even though it wasn't their specialty. Within 10 minutes it was fixed and there was no charge. (Always tip the mechanic, even if there is no charge) The honesty, professionalism and friendliness of the staff has made me a loyal customer as long as I'm in Scottsdale. A++
5	I was travelling southbound on Scottsdale Rd with a worrisome clunking coming from my left front brake every time I hit the pedal.  I was a little apprehensive about stopping at BM, as I usually go to the same shops near my house.  I pulled in and a mechanic was parking a vehicle next to me.  He took a quick look and told me to check in at the desk and he'd look into the issue.  Ed, the manager, helped me inside.  To make the story short, these guys took a good look at the problem, diagnosed it immediately, fixed it promptly and pointed out another less-critical issue that I would want to keep an eye on.  They charged me a fair price for the repair and I left feeling pretty darn good about the service and integrity of the shop.  If you're considering them, I'd give them a thumbs up!
5	These guys are great.  My "Low Tire Pressure" light came on, as well as my "Brake Fluid" light so I stopped in to see them. Instead of lying to me or telling me I need something I don't, the super helpful guy put air in my tires, topped off my brake fluid and did a pretty intense visual check on my brakes....all for free. He told me I was good for now, but come back in about two months, I will need new brake pads then. I cannot tell you how many times car service guys try to take advantage of me because I'm a young girl who doesn't really know about cars. It was so refreshing to have an honest and knowledgeable guy look things over and really help me. He didn't charge me a dime for the courtesy, even though I pretty much insisted on some sort of payment. He just said, "Do me a favor and come back when you need a real service". You bet buddy, I will be back. I loved the ethical business practices and I now trust these guys to take care of me and my car. Good job, Brake Masters!
5	As a girl, it's always intimidating to take my car into a repair shop. My brakes were squeaking, so I figured I should probably take it in. They called and patiently explained the the problem and their best recommendation to solve it. It was about $500, which was not what I was prepared to spend at that time. He sense my hesitation, and offered up a secondary option - not a complete fix, but something that will get me by for another 10,000 miles safely and only cost about $150. I appreciated the honesty and ethical problem solving. After handing me the keys, they also suggested a few other repairs and gave me quotes. I totally appreciated that the additional suggested services were conveyed after I had the keys in my hand, so it wasn't like they were holding my car hostage and pressuring me to make these repairs. Now, with quotes in hand, I can price out the job at other places. However, with the honesty and integrity that Brake Masters served me with at this location, I will mostly likely head back to Brake Masters.
5	These people are amazingly honest!!! I have taken both my cars there with brake problems, they diagnosed the problems quickly, and, expecting the worst, was very pleased that the problems turned out to be minor. They could have told me anything and I would have believed them. My one car was leaking brake fluid and the pedal barely worked. They could have told me the master cylinder needed replacement, but, instead they told me a simple line was leaking and needed replacement, this was a fraction of the cost I was prepared for...Thank Doug at the Shea/Scottsdale road location...
5	Finally...a repair shop we can trust.  They are terrific....our 150K mile Yukon runs better than ever.
5	Incredible service! This staff is simply the best. Honest, fast, helpful, and super nice! I will return there for regular maintenance on my car!
5	I love these guys. Props to Michael ! Best service and so honest
5	I was pleasantly pleased with the staff here. They're way better than Just Brakes! I brought my car here because whenever I stepped on the brakes my steering wheel would shake like a British Nanny. I figured I would need new rotors since it has been about 4 or 5 years since I had them replaced. Anyway, I brought it here at 3pm on a Friday not expecting them to be able to do repairs...but I figured they could at least point me in the right direction. The gentleman at the front greeted me and welcomed me to Brake Masters as it was my first time there. I explained what was going on and he told me he'd have a technician look and call me with what was wrong. 30 min later they called and explained that my rotors were warped. He said he measured them and they were able to machine them and that my total cost out the door would be $123 and some change. Two things.....1. I greatly appreciated the honesty. I went in there thinking I needed new rotors. They could have VERY easily sold me new rotors to get more $$$ but they didn't. They were honest and did what needed to be done. 2. I liked the "out the door" pricing. That set a proper expectation for me and made it so there were no surprises. Is $123 expensive for machining rotors? I don't know nor do I care because of the great service I received. I also appreciated that they were able to inspect my vehicle AND do the repairs without an appointment and only 2 1/2 hours before they closed.
5	I took my 2011 Nissan Frontier in for front brake pads, as it was making loud squeaking noise in the morning.  I believe I spoke with Larry.  I left my car off and Larry called me back telling me the brakes still had 50 percent life left and changing the pads was not necessary for safety.  What a pleasant shock to find such an honest establishment, especially in the auto repair business.  I guess the technician must have cleaned my rotors while inspecting, because the squeak is gone...and all for no charge.  I had taken other vehicles to the same location for brakes and other services and have never been disappointed with their service.
5	I am so thankful for Brake Masters!  My husband and I drove from Northern CA to Scottsdale for spring training, and by the time we got to Scottsdale, we were having some car trouble.  We were bummed about having to spend the first day of our vacation getting our car taken care of, but Brake Masters was able to get us in within a couple hours of calling their shop.  The problem was quickly identified and taken care of by mid-afternoon that day and was extremely well-priced.  Not to mention, they recommended an awesome restaurant for us to have lunch while they worked on our car, and it ended up being one of the best places we ate during our whole trip!  We could not have had a better experience.  Brake Masters really saved our vacation!
1	My car was due for an oil change and tire rotation, so I scheduled an appointment with Brake Masters. I get my oil changed and tires rotated, they then suggest that I replace my air filter so I say okay, then they suggest that I replace my brakes because they are almost done for.. I tell them no I can't today due to my time crunch but I will get it done ASAP. The next day I am leaving for work and my car dies. In the middle of Scottsdale road. My mothers boyfriend meets me where I am stuck (he knows a ton about cars), takes one look at my battery and can hardly even believe his eyes. He says he hasn't seen a battery that bad in years. It was completely shot..   So the day before when I was in there getting my oil changed, tires rotated, air filter changed, they recommend me changing my breaks yet fail to mention that my battery is almost done for?  I am NOT an expert when it comes to cars, but this battery was VISIBLY terrible. Also, keep in mind the air filter is right next to the battery, so yes they should have seen it. So here I am sitting in the middle of Scottsdale road in my dead car in the middle of rush hour, waiting for the tow truck. I call Brake Masters and tell them they need to look at my car because I was in the day before and either they didn't put something back together right or didn't inform me of a problem. They close in 10 minutes so I have the tow truck leave my car at Brake masters so they can look at it first thing in the morning, the worker on the phone gives me an estimate of $80-$100 for a new battery. I come to Brake Masters the next morning and they replace my battery and charge me $123!!!! Are you kidding me? These people work on cars for a LIVING, regardless of whether a certain part is something they specialize in or not or if the customer is in for that problem, if there is a problem they should mention it right?! Thats the right thing to do! They put my life at risk being stuck in the middle of the road where somebody could have hit me not paying attention. My new battery should have been FREE for even letting me leave the shop with it in that condition. I understand that it is my car and that I am responsible for getting it repaired, but if I am paying endless amounts of money for you to look at my car and repair it, shouldn't you inform me of any problems you see so that maybe you can fix it for me before it gets worse? Its just unfair that my life was put at risk because of the carelessness of somebody who was supposed to be doing their job, something they get paid to do. I will not be returning here.
5	Love this place.  I was so surprised to see Larry there when I walked into the shop.  I used to go to the store on Hayden, but I called today to see how long the wait time will be at the Hayden location, they said about 2 hours, then I called this store and Larry answered the phone letting me know the wait time is only about an hour.Came in today thinking I may need a new brake service down since it has been so long, according to Larry's technicians, I had about 10% left on my brake pads, rotors are still okay, so not a big deal there.  Larry offered me a discount as I always take my cars (3 of them at home) to BM for all brakes need.  He truly care about his customers and will do whatever necessary to get the job down.One great thing about this company is that they offer you Free Wi-Fi within their shops.  Password is display at their counter or just any one of them for those info, they got nothing to hide.  Definitely come and check them out.
5	This is a great store with a great Manager. Larry is amazing. He is patient and makes sure I understand exactly everything that needs to be done in simple English that a non-car guy can understand! Equally as important I feel like they don't try to sell you but really try to help you and find more cost efficient repairs then always replace everything!
5	Shea was great! Fast, friendly and honest service.
5	Did what they said they would do and did it before they said they would have it done!  Went in for an alignment.  Will be back for other things in the future.  Professional yet friendly.
