5	I have used Video Conversion Experts to convert both Super 8 home movies and higher end 16 mm films for archiving and reediting purposes.  Most recently I sent more than one hours worth of 16 mm film that dated from the 1950's and 1960's.  The color film had been "eaten" by the vinegar syndrome and the color had shifted radically to the red.  They used to pro 2k conversion and the resulting transfer was greatly improved with good color balance.  I called for technical information and they are knowledgeable about all aspects of the transfer.  They have always delivered the conversions in the time promised and at the price expected.  I also appreciate their website that makes it easy to estimate the cost of various levels of conversion and output formats.  I have recommended them to friends and will continue to do so.
5	I was leery with this process. Once had a lab erase video instead of duplicating it, but VCE was terrific. They transferred 65 year old 16MM and the results were stunning. The service was prompt and professional. I am now scrounging some 8MM and VCR cassettes to hand over to these folks. Terrific job. Thanks, Brad.
5	I had very old Super 8 movies (my wedding 35 years ago!) converted to dvd by a local shop in NY--quality was poor--and I was upset.  I found VCE on line and spoke with Brad who offered to do a "test" to see what VCE could do--and WOW it was amazing!!  The work VCE did was remarkable and I was able to watch, in clear detail on a 72" HD TV, my wedding movies to celebrate my 35th wedding anniversary--with my wife and grown children by our side.  Their work was priceless and I cannot recommend VCE enough!David
5	We had 40 yr old super 8 movies converted by VCE using the premium SD method with grain elimination. Excellent restoration. Finally able to enjoy family movies from when the kids were kids. Amazed at the clarity which was often better than original ever was. Be sure to opt for the grain reduction - it made a big difference. For the last 30 yrs all we had was a vague, fuzzy conversion to tape using a camcorder. VCE was quick, friendly and very helpful.
