5	When work is looking like a crap day, all I need is a sandwich from here, or a salad to put me back in a good mood.   The greek salad with chicken to be exact.Subs sandwiches are served toasted on really good bread rolls.  The tuna is one of my favs.There isn't a lot of seating but enough. It can get busy around lunch time so I always recommend going for a late lunch--- around 1/1:30pm.
4	McGurkee's, Im going to make this short my new found friend....Mad deliciousness is over-come at an even more delicious price. It's got this weird Irish Pub thing going on, yet it's an Italian Sub Shop. I got the Super Sicilian  - $6.50/ whole or $3.45/ half. The toasted Kaiser sub roll is pretty full of goodness on its own. And have fun flagging down a parking place because if its full and Im pretty sure it's full of "local flavor" inside too. The place only seats 12.
5	McGurkee's is hands down the best sandwich shop in Arizona. This is a family run business which has really hit the nail on the head. Their toasted bread is marvelous.  Try the Super Silician, Tuna, Pastrami and the JP Turkey to begin with but you can't go wrong with any of the choices. I eat there with one of my family members at least once a week. If it were located in my work territory I would eat there everyday.  Check out the Ham & Cheese- I think I am becoming addicted to this sandwich!
4	I live right by this place and was never sure if it was open or closed BUT don't let that deter you from going in.  There is a big tree right in front that makes it a little secluded covering the front door and sign, but I finally walked over the other day and now I can't get enough!  It is clean inside and has an older feel due to the  oak wood refrigerators behind the counter.  I had the Sicilian sub.... the bread was perfectly crunchy toasted to perfection.  I'm not sure if I actually took a breath through the whole sandwich! If you are wanting a great sandwich made with TLC definitely give McGurkee's a shot.  My staple is Blimpie and Subway, but they don't hold a candle to this place.
4	So I must have driven by this place like a zillion times on my drive up to "Target-to" at Spectrum, and it was finally when a buddy of mine told me how good this place was that I finally decide to give it a shot. He recommended the toasted turkey sub with the sesame bread - very specifically the sesame bread. So, sure enough, I give it a whirl, and you know, he was right.  It was a great sandwich. The other choices sounded just as good am I'm sure I'll try 'em. Oh, and the beer choices doesn't hurt towards a good review.
5	This will be my 20th year since I discovered this place.  The cool thing is everybody that works there now, has always worked there.  They're always very nice to me and give great service.I've had a few different things from the menu and have never been disappointed.  The French Dip is phenomenal however the one thing that I beg you all to try is the Super Sicilian sandwich.  Get it exactly how they make it, dont ask for anything left out or put on extra, just try it one time.  I seriously ate it the first 10 years I went there without even trying anything else.  It is my favorite sandwich in the world.This is a Mom and Pop restaurant and has a great cozy feel of it.  Its such a great thing to have in a world of Subways and Quiznos where the food is bland and the faces are never the same.  I live 40 miles from McGurkees and still make it a point to stop in and get food as often as I can.
5	Found this place on accident looking for a new sandwich place downtown. I have been here quite a few times, and for 7$ getting a huge sandwich is quite the deal. Highly recommend it, just get their early because this place fills up at lunch time with a line out the door sometimes.
4	I ordered two chicken Mediterranean sandwiches to go. Made with roasted chicken breast, feta cheese, lettuce. Service was great, food was yummy. The sesame bread was terrific! My only complaint was it took them close to half an hour to make the food. It did not seem to be that busy when I placed my lunch order.  Would love to go back.
5	This has to be one of the very best sandwich places to hit up for lunch in downtown Phoenix! If you havent tried this place you have got to give yourself some time and come on down! There was a group of us the other day for lunch. A few of us had the Super Sicilian, including myself. The bread is just just barely toasted, light and easy to eat with bubbling melted cheese a top of bed of lettuce and tomatos and a light italian dressing. Each sandwich is made with high quality ingrediants. The meats are just incredible with strong flavours and compliment each other very well and the result is excellent!  The only disappointment here was that some got a half sandwich instead of a full! 4$ for a half, and 7$ for a full, you just cant beat the flavours and quality for that price!
1	Place sucks.  I am from Chicago and I know a thing or two about great sandwich's. This place however, does not!!  They can't even make a simple French dip here.  The meat was dry and bland they had the attention span of a fly and the place was empty. I should have known. But it is a local business and I wanted to do my part.  My part has been done and I will not eat here ever again. The food is worse then subway. I mean I wanted a great sandwich but what I got was a lack luster sandwich made with bitterness and shame rather then love. And you can tell with one bite. Do yourself a favor get a sandwich down the street at sack's better food better bread and better quality meats for sure and service with a smile. Trust me on this this place is an epic failure.  Sorry but jp is bs.
5	Holy delicousness! I was SO in the mood for a good sandwich....which we all know is few and far between. Everything about this place screamed great sandwich shop. But the best part...the toasted sesame roll. I don't care what kind of sandwich you order off their menu, just get it on that roll. I am so excited for my next sandwich craving so I can go back!
4	An Italian sub shop with an Irish name, you gotta like that.  The subs are very tasty as well as affordable and the service is fast and friendly.  The location  is a bit odd and the parking lot might eat your car but the dining area is unique and pleasant.  I have been a few times and will continue frequenting when I'm in the area.
5	I  LOVE JP McGurkee's!!  I've been going there since I went to West High in the early 1970's.  We'd get a sandwich and go to Encanto Park.  Now my teenage son loves the place too - a bbq chicken sandwich fan.  We always stop there when we are in the neighborhood.  The owners are very friendly and will accommodate you any way they can.  If I could give it more than a 5 star rating I would.  You owe it to yourself to try this place - YUM!!!
3	If you have time for lunch, the sandwich was excellent. We got there at 11:30, and our to go took almost 30 minutes. I got the Turkey, and the toasted sesame seed bun was awesome! I tried their potato salad, but didn't really care for it as it was pretty sweet. If they take ahead orders, then that is the way to go.
5	Best subs in town...worst parking in Phoenix!!  This is a great place for a sub...a regular throwback with great tasting food. If you have not tried it you should, you will not be disappointed.
4	I love the feel of this place. Very cool vibe. It's truly a hidden gem. If you don't know about it, you'd drive right by. It faces 15th Ave and parking is in the back. Just be prepared to drive around the block to find it and you won't be sorry you did. It's worth it! Let's talk meat. Nice thick slices of meat. They don't skimp round here, y'all and me likee. My fiance and I shared the Super Sicilian and it was enough for both of us plus a side of potato salad, chips, and a green salad. The potato salad is good- nothing fancy just simple yummy goodness. The toasted sesame seed buns are heavenly.The simple salad is a little skimpy for the price tag, it could use some darker leafy goodness or some jazz. But I don't mess around with the salad. I want thick delicious meat and potatoes. That's right. I wear the pants. Bonus points for serving beer here. Double bonus for serving Moretti instead of Peroni.
4	Headed downtown to the soon-to-be-new-office with the boss today and had lunch here - he's lived in Phx for decades and recommended this place (although he hadn't been there in many years). I got a Super Sicilian. Absolutely delicious - the sesame bread looked like it would be hard/crunchy but it was soft and tasty. If I had to offer up any criticisms it would be 1) the fact that it inexplicably took something like 10 mins to make our sandwich - it just looked like it had been toasted, nothing else I could think of should have made it take that long, and 2) the sandwich was too small *8-) My mistake, of course. I got a whole, and could easily have downed two of those. Taste wise it's equivalent IMO to the "all-American grinder" at Uncle Sam's, except with the latter you can also get jalapenos. Will definitely return here once our office shifts downtown, but next time I'll get a sub and a half, methinks!PS: Parking? The boss just parked his Ram 2500HD and toy trailer around the corner on the street in front of someone's house. No problem and no parking meters. (shrug)
5	Their SUBS are the BEST!!! I have been eating her for over 25 years and the rest my family for even longer. Some of the best subs in AZ.
5	Been coming here since I was but a wee-scout, and my family since they moved to Arizona.  I remember when the rafters were dusty, and the place smelled musky (and looked a lot like the 'burger Works used to).  I kind of miss those days, but I'm a nostalgic fool.The food here is amazing.  It's a hole-in-the-wall, local known kind of place.  A little known fact that we use every time patronizing this wonderful joint: they do call-in orders.  Because everything is hand made, and they can be swamped at lunch time, this is a Godsend for a hungry hungry hippo, like myself.
4	New menu adds pizza and pasta
5	This place is great as far as local sandwich shops go!  The sandwich bread is the unique thing about this place as it has a flavor you can't find anywhere else.  It's a little place on the corner that has limited seating and can take a bit longer than a fast food place but that's part of what goes into a good meal.  Everything is made to order and it's pretty busy because it's that good... so it takes a little extra time to get your food.  Its family owned and the people there are super nice and genuinely want you to enjoy your meal.  I've only been coming here for a short time since I've moved into the state and I drive from 30 minutes away just to eat here.    One bad review out of 25..and if you read the bad review it sounds like it could be the guy who owns the place down the street that he is talking about??  Anyhow, I would highly recommend!
5	Friggin epic sandwiches.  Pretty busy - parking is a pain.  The sandwiches are AMAZING though.Don't be in a hurry here - takes a good 10-15 minutes to get your order.  I don't care - it rules.
5	Sandwich Heaven! Believe the hype. This place is fantastic.Gets packed at Lunch, but worth the wait. I always get the Super Sicilian. Y U M M Y!
4	Very cool place to eat at! Like all of the history, the news paper hanging on the wall near the cash register kept me busy for at least 1/2 hour! Couldn't imagine how it was back then reading about WWII ! Any way! back to the food, I was in the mood for a quick sandwich near work. So I asked for yelp! Once again yelp did it's job!!!! Had a grilled chicken sandwich on sesame seed roll, it was really good! Sandwich is large so plan on taking half back home or share with your buddy? This is definitely a come back location.
4	Great sandwich.. First time there, but plan on returning when in the area... Parking as mentioned is horrible, but the sandwich was excellent.. Especially the bread.
4	Awesome sandwiches! We stopped in for dinner last night. He was craving an Italian sub and I was just plane hungry. We were both equally satisfied!Apparently they have been there for like 40 years or some thing and have sold millions of their Super Italian Sub, impressive. It was tasty too. I can totally understand why they are so sought after. I mean if you are able to keep your business for over 40 years you must be doin something right. I love their sub rolls too, perfectly toasted sessamy buns!They are a simple little shop, with offerings from salads, to pizza (none over $10), to hot or cold subs, calzones, and pasta. Something to please anyone. They also sell beer and wine, simple but sometimes simple is what you really need. If you are in the area, or even if you aren't, get your butt in there and have some good food!
5	Best sandwiches I've had in the valley, bar none.  The Super Sicilian is my go-to, and I have to say, their toasted bread with its delicious sprinkling of sesame seeds is worth the trip even if it didn't surround a wonderful sandwich prepared by the owner and his family.   I only wish they had more locations.
5	How have I lived in this town for over 20 years now - many of those years in the central Phoenix area - and *not* ever heard of this place? My companion, the Fantastic Mr. "It's Complicated", was shocked I'd never heard of it, and brought me in for lunch yesterday.He was so right! It is a gem of a sammy shop!I ordered the Sicilian sub - great balance of flavor and texture, and everything was super fresh. Fantastic Mr. "It's Complicated" went for the Super Sicilian - basically the same, but with the addition of ham.The toasted sesame bread was amazing - I will have to see if they will just sell loaves of that. The meats were all good and the veggies were fresh. The dressing was tasty and perfect amount.   Could not have been happier with the food.The place is old and small and just the way I like my neighborhood places to be. More money is spent on food than updating decor - and I appreciate that. It's clean, but small. I can see how the lunch rush could be quite chaotic in here - luckily I wasn't there until about 2:30 - it was pretty close to empty. The other reviews about the parking lot were right - if it were lunch rush, it would be insane!Granted - it's technically possible my five star review is influenced by the new man, everything in the world seems just a little better when I am with him, so I will have to go back when the happy cloud wears off or maybe even without him. You know, in the name of scientific research.  But I have a feeling these will still be great sandwiches!
4	How in the world have I missed this place? This place transplanted me right back to my NY roots. I can just see this place in Queens right up to the timely, wrought iron enclosed small patio area that opens up into a shady parking lot. Hahahaha! The previous reviews were right about the parking oddities, to say the least. No parking  lines and you are not sure where you should park since it is not a flat area. I went to the restaurant earlier and I recommend you should too. They say they open at 11am but I got served at 10:30.  I got a half meatball sub, potato salad and a pickle. It was one of the best Meatball subs I have had in AZ. I know granted that is not saying much but the sub was really good! However, what is really wonderful here is the bread. Delish! They make their own. AZ is sorely lacking in the bread dept and it is one of the best sub rolls I have ever had. I will have to go back and try something else.
5	Oh the Super Sicillian, it really is Super, and Yummy, and Delicious, and Craveable, and the Bomb Diggity For Real Yo, and Amazing, and Toasty, and and and...
3	My friends and I were recommended this place by a coworker who said it was awesome. My two friends loved their sandwiches, especially the meatball which they both said was absolutely delicious. I don't eat meat and cheese and the older gentleman who worked at the register was very pleasant and accommodating. We settled on the pepper steak filling (peppers and onions) along with other veggies and olives. When the order came up, I received a sandwich with only lettuce, tomato, raw onions (which I had specifically asked to not get), and cucumbers. I went back up to the counter and asked about my sandwich and was told (rudely) by the sandwich maker that they were out of the peppers and onions as well as the olives. The older gentleman who had helped me earlier apologized profusely. He knew there were olives and gave me a small cup for my sandwich. I was not offered another alternative, nor was I offered any money back (I paid almost $10 for the sandwich). I had also not been told that there would be alterations (the sandwich maker was conferred with prior to submitting my order to determine that it could be done). This is not a vegetarian-friendly establishment so I don't recommend going there if you are avoiding meat products and are asking for alternatives. The wait for the food takes a significant period of time and although the cashier is very pleasant, don't attempt to have a friendly conversation with anyone else who works there as they can be rude.
4	Stopped in after a round of golf for a quick bite. This place has some neat history with the city of Phoenix. They have some great food items. I order an Italian style grinder and it was great. I will for sure stop there after every round of golf in the future.
5	There is nothing not to like about this place, great sandwiches and a friendly staff of people working behind the counter.  Forget about the chains and give this place a try you willl be glad you did.
5	Simply sandwiches, they may have other stuff on the menu but I would never know because I can't get past the super Sicilian & the turkey. AWESOME!
3	Sandwich shops can sometimes be a rough place for a vegetarians, McGurrkee's is no exception. The vegetarian options include two salads a veggie sub $7.45 (that is mostly cheese and lettuce) and a Tuna sub which is quasi veg. For $7+ for the veggie sub  you get a long narrow toasted sesame roll that is good, with 3 types of cheese, lettuce and tomato. It was not bad but some what lacking in the veggie department and low on value.
5	I recently saw this place on my drive home. I don't know how I have never been here before, but I recently moved and take a new route, and this shop is on my route home. I have found my new favorite sandwich place! I tried the Sicilian, and it was fantastic. As others said, the sesame bread is fantastic. The sub is toasted so the meats are warm and the cheese is melted. You get real slices of ham (not deli thin slices you usually get on chain sub shop subs). I might try others but this one was so good I don't know if I can get anything else. The small sub is more than enough for a meal, and the price for a sandwich, chips and drink was less than $10. The parking lot is definitely small, if you go around lunch time it is easiest just to park on the street just south of the restaurant.I will definitely be back!
2	Over priced dried out sandwiches in a cramped spot with crappy parking.   Go to Angie and Jimmys on Camelback.
4	I have been going here for years.  Little Mom and Pop shop.  Great sandwiches, especially the Super Sicilian.  Can get noisy during lunch hours.  Very good food, would highly recommend it.
5	McGurkees is an all-time favorite. My family has been frequenting this great sandwich shop for over 20 years! Love the subs! Love the staff!
5	Great subs and even better atmosphere.  Just stepping into this place, and seeing the decor along with the period fridges for keeping the meat fresh I was in sandwich heaven.  The man behind the counter who took my order was the guy who opened the restaurant about 40 years ago!  In terms of the food, everything was totally on point, with the toasted sesame bun, and the perfect large portion that makes guys like me happy!  While I have had many sandwiches in my life time, I have to say that this is one sits among the best.  You can't ask for more at the end of the day when eating out.  This place does it with flavor and soul, and a glass of wine if you're so inclined!
4	Great deli sandwiches! They pile the sandwiches with tasty meat and use fresh breads. Awesome lunch spot.
5	I have been going here for luch for the last 25 years. The Super Sicilian is the best sub in town - bar none. Parking is a challenge but worth the hassle. People are friendly and the ingredients are of the highest quality. Read the posters while you are there. The newpaper from D-Day is a great piece of history.
3	The food was okay. I'd like to give them more stars, but I could get the same quality at a quiznos or subway. I wouldn't recommend going out of your way for a sandwich here, but if your in the area it's acceptable.
4	3.8 stars, got the Italian Hero Sub. Portion size 4.3 Proportion of meat to bread 3.5 (2 slices of meat is not enough, sub roll was good though)Ambiance 4.1 (inside was cool, patio was cool, parking terrible)Price 3.5 ($7.50 for that sandwich is too high)
4	It's hard to believe that 3 great places to eat inhabit the intersection of 15th avenue and McDowell, but along with The Original Hamburger works and Persian Garden, this place is really good. They serve sandwiches mostly and they are very good. The Bread and the Meat taste fresh and you get the feeling these guys are have been doing this along time.  the restaurant itself is small but not uncomfortable. Vintage newspaper and political advertising adorn the walls. This and the abundance of wood trim give the place an aged atmosphere in the best kind of way. I would gripe that you have to go to the back of the restaurant to order from the counter. There's no signs indicating that, so don't just sit down and wait for service.
3	stopped in for a few pizzas with the fam. Pretty good pizza, nice local little spot. we had this pizza with meatballs and pepperoni and a margherita. Both were pretty good. Maybe next time I'll try a sandwich. solid 3 stars
3	Super Sicilian and the Meatball subs are amazing, the only draw back is the burnt bread funk you'll sport the rest of the day.  Not recommended for folks that claims they don't go out for lunch. :)
5	Great food and great atmosphere. You gotta check out this Phoenix landmark. My first time here. I had the super sicilian and it was excellent. I will definitely be back.
5	Delicious. Cheap. Friendly. Quick (if you want it to be!). What more could you ask for? The atmosphere at McGurkee's is reminiscent of an old town go-to with the friendliest staff in the valley. The sandwiches are inexpensive and are, in my opinion, the best Italian subs in AZ. Get the Sicilian if you want to know what a real sub tastes like.Overall, go to McGurkee's. It'd be impossible to leave disappointed.
5	WOW. My buddy has been telling me to check this place out for months. This past weekend I finally did, and I am hooked. I see repeat returns to this amazing sandwich shop in my very near future. I ordered the Super Sicilian (again at the advice of my buddy), and that thing was stacked thick with fresh delicious cold cuts and cheese, then toasted in the oven and served with pepperoncinis and a pickle on the side. Pretty much the perfect lunch! I love finding little gems like this in my neighborhood!
5	If you like to eat a great sandwich this is your place. Absolutely fabulous the bread Is incredible, 12 to 15 inches of the best toasted bread You have ever had Ever this sandwich itself may only be about 3 inches wide but they make up for it in The longest of the sandwich
5	This place is so good! The sicilian sandwiches are amazing. The sesame bread is great. Can't go wrong!
5	This is the best hidden treasure in Phoenix. Located on 15th ave and Thomas, it is an unpretentious little place. But... The sandwiches are to die for! You must try it, delicious! You will be coming back for more...
5	I cannot believe that I have lived in Phoenix my whole life and have been missing my favorite sandwich.  I tried the Italiano.  It has all the ingredients of you traditional Italian sub.  The meats are perfect. The rich Italian dressing is perfect.  The toasted sesame bread is the kicker.  I have had this sandwich at many venues before, but this is the best I have ever had.  The prices are right; not free as some reviewers have hyperbolically suggested. I am afraid you just made a lifer and an addict out of me!
4	Great sandwich! I had the super sicilian, bread was excellent and so was the toppings. I love that they have a little patio out back. Overall atmosphere was very charming. I would recommend it to anyone!
5	This place is a keeper. Best sandwich that I've had in a very very long time. Bread is fantastic!  Had the Super Sicilian and that was the best. Gotta try this place if you haven't done so.
5	The sesame bread is amazing. The sandwich was huge but I ended up eating the whole thing. Very very good!
3	I am getting VERY frustrated by these overrated reviews.  Arizonans need to get out more.  Seriously.   It's getting ridiculous.I went to this place for lunch expecting something nice and relaxing.  It wasn't.The parking situation is terrible.  We got lucky and found a spot, but their parking situation is abysmal. It was packed inside.  This place is very busy during lunch and there isn't a lot of seating.Immediately, upon entering I noticed an old man loitering at the front, who kept coughing all over the place.  I finally overheard him say that he was fighting a cold.  "Really?  Great.  Maybe you shouldn't be near the food that is being prepared for us?  Yeah, thanks."People waiting for their food mill around the front counter and crowd the hallway to the exit in the back.  This horrible bottle-neck is made worse by the fact that people clean their own tables and dispose of refuse in the same hallway, which is barely wide enough for a single person to fit through.It's really irritating.  The outdoor seating is accessed through this hallway.  The bathrooms are accessed through this hallway.  There are people exiting and entering through this hallway.What a total pain in the ass.How can people stand to eat in this restaurant!?  It was so smoky that I could barely breath.  There is a noticeable haze of smoke that fills the entire seating area.  It is noxious and burns your eyes.I am now back at work and I still smell like smoke.  Eating inside this restaurant is the equivalent of sitting around a campfire, having smoke wafting all over you.  I don't know about you, but I don't appreciate my work clothes smelling like smoke.  Not cool.The food was actually okay.  It wasn't great, It wasn't the best I have ever had, but it was prepared well and I could tell that the ingredients were of high quality.  However, be careful when you bite into the hot peppers, because they can squirt all over you.While we were eating, I noticed that the driver of red Mercedes parked his car in such a way that it blocked everybody from exiting their parking area.  Apparently, he was waiting for his passenger to retrieve their food.  The only problem is that the service is slow.A few people became irate.  One woman had to physically get out of her car and explain to the elderly gentleman that he needed to move out of the way.  At least it provided us with something interesting to watch while we ate.If I were to eat here again, I wouldn't venture inside.  I would make somebody else get the food.  The smoke is unbearable and really detracts from an otherwise decent experience.
5	just fell into this place today and WOW what a gem  GREAT sandwiches  I had the super sicilian and it was fantastic!  great meats  great toasted bread  great cheese and great dressing  wish I had found this place sooner  I will be back to try their pizza which is only served at dinner.  friendly staff and great service   one of only a few great sandwich shops I have found in Phoenix    a MUST TRY!
3	I went here again.I think that repeated visits get better overall.Their meatball sub is pretty good, however, the bread choice makes it somewhat difficult to eat, because the meatballs keep wanting to escape out the sides.Any restaurant that offers a meatball sub should either slice the meatballs in half or provide bread that can contain the meatballs.  This is just common sense.This time I took a friend and she noticed the smokiness as well.  Instead of waiting inside the restaurant, I had us sit outside.It was better, but I still noticed that the smoke clung to my clothes even after we left.This is a frustrating characteristic that seriously detracts from J.P. McGurkee's.  For a place that has been around so long, you'd think they would have installed a decent ventilation system.Instead, the smoke just blows back into the dining area.
1	What is the big deal with this place? It was one of the worst sandwiches I have ever had. Number 1 the bread was so burnt it was not edible . The roast beef was rubbery and old. The bread had so many sesame seeds on it that's all you tasted was burnt sesame  bread . The dip was cold. 11 bucks for a Nasty sandwich and potato salad and a drink. Not worth it. I will never visit again. The place looks old and dirty and smells like burnt bread. Your better off with a cold cut from circle K.
5	Super Sicilian is probably the best sandwich I ever had .. Hands down this place is great..
3	Everyone raves about this place, so I tied it. It was just ok. I've had better and worse. I had an Italian sub with chips and a drink. Nothing about the place or sandwich compels me for a return visit.
4	I went with a friend today and at first I'm thinking, "wait, pizza and subs??" The meatball sub is BEYOND words and by the looks of the reviews it is a must to try! Also, their Hawaiian pizza was awesome! I love seeing that kind of pizza with big chunks of pineapple and ham on it! Really great food!
5	OMG!!!! This place is awesome! Small cute quaint clean place, the owners were very nice and friendly... Because it is a small family owned Business it did take a little bit of time before the food came out but well worth the wait, i'm from New Jersey and never had I had a hot hoagie, the Super Sicilian melted in my mouth and popped with all the flavors of the meats. I am so going again!!!
5	Get the super Sicilian! It's amazing. Owners are nice and it is great for a group. Highly recommended when visiting Phoenix
5	The pasta was amazing and the people were extremely friendly.  Try the iced tea!
3	I finally gave in to the husband's request to come to McGurkees. This place is in my neighborhood and it's cuter inside than you would think. You walk up to the counter to place your order and I'm pretty sure we ordered with the owner, who seemed like a nice guy. I was a little disappointed because the sign says they have pizza, but really they only have sandwiches... a little disappointing. I had the meatball sub with cheese and a salad. The salad is basic rabbit salad with that gloppy italian dressing you can get for a dollar at the grocery store.... you know what I'm talking about. Not impressive. The sandwich was fine, if a bit bland. Unfortunately, there was nothing special about it. I might be back due solely to proximity but I wouldn't run back here for any reason.
4	Delish! My dad and I needed a quick place to grab lunch on our way from Phoenix to Sedona. We wasted so much time trying to google places and use maps, so glad Yelp had this place listed. This was a hole in the wall local gem! We both had the Super Sicilian, and it was awesome!! Definitely recommend!
5	I've lived in Phoenix area for 20 years and the Super Sicilian is the best sub in the valley.  This family owned business is no frills  and little has changed.  The owner and his son run the shop and you might see one other "hired help".  Don't be surprised if you have to bus your own table before and after eating.  Alley parking limits the crowds but don't expect quick service.I've never had anything but the Super Sicilian or Italiano, neither will disappoint.Casual atmosphere.
5	After a long day, I was trying to grab a late lunch.  I saw this place pop up on Yelp, so I hustled over to get there before it closed.The manager (I think) was really accommodating, even though I snuck in a bit before closing.  I got a Super Sicilian, and a beer, after he kindly showed me the beer selection.  The Agave Wheat was a great choice for the hot day.And the sandwich...holy moly.  It was fantastic.  Big, meaty, well dressed...what a sandwich!  It was a bit too big for my appetite, but I had to finish it!  Which my stomach did regret ;)The food was great, and the service was excellent.  Just what I needed on that afternoon.  Next time I am in town, I'll try to stop by again.Check out the Agave Wheat if they have it there.  Delicious.
1	I have never had a lunch that cried out for something more...Just anything, italian dressing, mayo, mustard...It was just bland.  Tried a Super Sicilian, that came out more tasting like a warm bologna sandwich, and cold cuts barely covered about 1/2 of the already narrow bun.  The bun was also completely covered with sesame seeds, which just overpowered anything that actually got into the sandwich.My guest tried another sandwich had similar complaints...
4	FuggedaboutitThis was my first visit to McGurkee's but it won't be my last. McGurkee's is a small shop with great character, McGurkee's reminds me of the sandwich shops back home in New York.  McGurkee's has limited parking, because it is so popular with the lunch crowd, so you need to get there early. The sandwiches at McGurkee's are a cut above the rest.  The bread  at McGurkee's is exactly how I like it;  fresh, toasted, thin, with a crispy crust.  If you can find a  better bread in town please let me know.  The  fillings at MvGurkee's are excellent and very generous.  I had the Sicilian and it was delicious and loaded .  My lunch campionions had the Hero and Roast Beef and they were equally delicious. If you think you can find a better sandwich shop ...  Fuggedaboutit
1	Still loving sandwiches here!But the parking is atrocious! I damaged my front undercarriage really bad trying to drive through this lot last month :(I figure I'd just buy a 4 x 4 to drive through here and get my sandwiches  1 star for awful parking 5 stars or great food!PS.... This place opens at 10:30A for not 9A...you can call your orders in @ 10A
4	the food itself is worth 4 stars, tasty toasted subs-parking is not the greatest but its worth the effort
5	I love stopping by and gettting a turkey sub. It might sound plain but I promise you it is the tastiest sandwich I've ever had . The seasame seeded bun is what does it for me. Not to mention the pasta, I ordered the noodles with butter and chicken and it is comfort in a bowl. I have yet to try the pizza. I can go for McGurkee's anytime
5	Place was on hitt! Had the Super Sicilian. Toasted sesame on a light, fresh crunchy eye-talion roll. Never  had spicy ham on a sandwich-on Point!
5	So if you are in the restaurant business for 40 years plus or minus, you must be doing something right.  The first thing they have down is the bread, sesame bread, it is incredible.  Best French loaf around.  Friendly service, clean restaurant and reasonable price point all add to the 5 star review.  Try the Super Sicilian. It truly is Super!
