4	Had the great opportunity to try Chi on a visit to Madison. It's a must for anyone who enjoys quality dining. Chef Jason has managed to infuse a wonderful mixing of flavors into each dish. So go and often!!!
4	We stopped in to this reopened space for sushi and sashimi.  The revamped menu is much more infusion than we expected so we opted for some sushi rolls (Spider and spicy tuna) and were completely impressed.  We sat outside and enjoyed delicious cocktails as we waited (the coconut mojito was awesome!). The service was attentive and friendly.  Over dinner we talked about the positive addition of a more 'asian infused' place on state street given that there are very well established sushi restaurants within a few buildings.  We will be back to explore the menu some more!Cheers.
5	We got to sample this little gem on our way back from a 5 day trip from our home near Chicago up through Minnesota and back down through wisconsin.  We loved it!  We eat quite a lot of Asian food back home so are familiar with the styles.  Everything was excellent. We had the cabbage salad and the seaweed salad. Both very tasty and Chef Jason gave us a sample of the cucumber salad which was delicious with a little kick t the end!  The corn cake appetizer had a great sauce and the dragon roll and the volcano roll were scrumptious!  I don't like things too spicy and I found the food to be well seasoned with a nice kick without being overwhelming.  For dessert we had the apple cake which was dense and moist like a carrot cake and something new they had just whipped up....a mago coconut sorbet that was super creamy.  Chef Jason came out and talked to us which was a treat and was honestly open to suggestions (something that doesn't always exist!). Our server was superb and the atmosphere is relaxing with huge picture windows where you can watch people on state street where most cars are not allowed making it quiet as well.  We would highly recommend giving this new spot a try for a great dining experience.
5	Family of six ate at Chi's last night. Tremendous sushi selection. Sea food special and steak entree awesome. Service was excellent--ask for a server named Pam. She is best ever.
2	Meh. I'm really surprised this place has such positive reviews. It wasn't terrible but also nothing to write home about. Our waitress also wasn't informed of the beer list, specials, or most things on the menu, but it was her 2nd day so I'll give her a pass. That's to be expected with a new/reopened restaurant. Mostly, the food just wasn't that great. The drinks were okay, but the coconut mojito (which I'd heard good things about) was overly sweet and also TINY (maybe 3 oz total? or less?). Not great for $6. I realize mojitos are supposed to be sweet but with the addition of coconut it seems reasonable to cut down on the sugar? We got the tempura shrimp, which was pretty good and the corn cakes (pretty tasty but also weirdly spongey and greasy) for appetizers. My husband got a volcano roll, and said the avocado was too hard and the rice was too soft. I got the crab glass noodle salad, which tasted fresh and was decent, though the serrano peppers made it super spicy. I like spicy food, and put hot sauce on most things, so I could handle it, but most people (even those who don't mind spice) probably would find it too much. The space is really nice, especially the lounge area by near the bathrooms, so this place has potential. I also think to really compete with other, better options, they will need to get some draft beer.
1	I had a very unfortunate experience at T-Sushi's reincarnation, "Chi", and as a previous reviewer mentioned, it is surprising there are so many positive reviews. In fact, I implore you to look at the large number of filtered reviews, all of which appear to be friends of the owner. In an attempt to remain fair and balanced, which are my standards as a journalist outside of "Yelp", I would like to start by saying this place is, indeed, better than its predecessor. However, it is still not up to par with the many other well-established, and respected sushi places in the Isthmus area. T Sushi was very unorganized, and now Chi does appear to have a sense of direction under its new owner. However, some things remain unchanged. The restaurant tries hard to be "trendy", although comes off as having a "faux-trendy" or snobby ambiance. I do wish that they had spent more money on the decor, which at first look appears high quality, but upon further inspection, is far from it. Furthermore, the wait times are quite unacceptable, and the staff turn-over rate appears to be unusually high, because I have dined here on 3 separate occasions, and each time, was served by a brand-new waitress. When I inquired about one particular person who I really liked, they said they no longer worked there. All in all, the food was OK, but no where near as good as Red, or Muramoto. While this location now appears to at least be safe, unlike T Sushi, which had many complaints of unscrupulous activity on the part of "T", it will most likely be a very long time until they become world-class, or at least on the same level as their competitors. Madison is watching, and waiting for the verdict, but for Chi, it may come too late for them to reach a level of relevancy.
5	We stopped in for drinks on the patio and ended up having food as well. My super fruit mojito was exceptional and the beer selection was great. Our server was very nice and attentive and we even met the Chef, who was also very nice. We had a sushi roll, I can't remember which one, but it was so good. We also had the corn cakes and crab cakes. Both were very good. I'd definitely recommend giving this place a try!
