1	I'm going to be honest. Most of the boxers in this gym are practicing bad habits and in time will become terrible boxers.He does one combo the upper upper Lower lower and he lets his members throw punches wrong. If you don't believe me follow his Facebook page he posts videos of his members boxing and it frustrates me knowing the punches are wrong.First mistake is a heavyweight shouldn't be training people 150lbs lighter than him.He owes me a months membership. And is not true to his word and very unprofessional but since the gym is so bad idc much about a months membership cause I'm never going back.He spends more time uploading videos than focusing on boxing. If the current members truly believe he's a good coach then good luck I hope you never actually fight in a ring and since I love this sport I advice people who have a passion for boxing to look elsewhere.
5	Big Cat Boxing is absolutely outstanding. I was surprised how many people lost extreme amounts of weight while gaining the muscles needed to support the level of fitness provided at Big Cat Boxing. My children started going here awhile back and in less than 6 months they have developed better habits around eating and exercise. This inspired me to try it out for myself. I don't know why there was the bad review. I have never seen that person in the gym but certain fitness is not for everyone. There were plenty of GREAT reviews on the other Yelp page before they moved across the street and Yelp changed the page. Please don't let one bad review ruin your health, I'm sure there will be many more 4 and 5 star ratings such as mine.You can't get personalized training from ANY OTHER gym unless you pay LARGE AMOUNTS of money per month.
5	So I've been going to Big Cat Boxing since they opened. I normally train at multiple gyms and the main reason why I continue to come back to BKB is because of the family atmosphere. For many people who have never boxed before, the thought of walking in to a boxing gym can be intimidating. BKB is not one of those gyms. Everyone who walks in through the doors of Big Cat Boxing are welcomed with open arms.Your fitness goal are assessed and you are pushed to you limits as every class is a test of your endurance and physical ability. Big Cat's Bully Proof Boxing for the kids is amazing! The basis of this class is designed to teach kids the power of discipline, hard work, teamwork and integrity. It's all about playing Win-Win at BKB. I don't win unless we ALL win. That teamwork mentality creates an atmosphere of family and togetherness. You can talk all day about bad technique, but to be quite honest, everyone starts somewhere and I've seen students of BKB go from overweight down in the dumps with bad form and low self-esteem to eliminating incredible amounts of weight, gaining confidence and great technique. What sets BKB apart from the rest is it takes the sport of boxing normally known as a violent intimidating sport and turns it in to a fun way to get in shape with your family. It may not be for everyone, but I would recommend BKB any day for my friends and family looking to get in shape.
