5	This place is awesome.  You can tell their horses are well trained, fed and taken care of.  Wranglers are top notch as well.  I'm been on trail rides before but this was the best.  It was our 7 year-olds first time and I never worried one second about her, her horse, or the trail.  They almost forced water down our little one's throat (on an 8am ride) to keep her from getting heat stroke.  Safe and VERY scenic ride.
5	OMG, horseback riding through the Arizona desert was BEAUTIFUL!The horses were well trained and very gentle. Our instructor told us that they rescue abandoned or abused horses and give them a new life there. They train them, they house them and they feed them appropriately. Me and my friend did the 1 hour course. We just rode through the flat desert area. I think the 2 hour course actually takes you through the mountains. Our instructor was super knowledgeable of the vegetation, animals, and geography of the area which made it very interesting. Learning fun facts about Arizona while riding through the "wild wild west" is always a plus. One recommendation is to do this when it's not too hot. Since there are a lot of cactus and other prickly plants that you brush against when you ride by, you are recommended to wear long pants and a long sleeved shirt. However, because of that and the beaming sunlight, you have tendency to overheat if you don't be careful!I would definitely do it again when I get a chance. Next, I want to do the 2 hour course!
5	Very good tour with professional and knowledgeable tour guides. Horses were great and my 8 yr. old felt very comfortable. There was also another family with an 11 and 9 yr. Old and they liked it as well. Sonoran desert is very pretty. We went on 10 am tour so it wasn't hot at all. Very happy! You can get $5 off each rider if you book online.
5	My boyfriend & I went on a 2 hour horseback ride with Cave Creek Outfitters and had a really great time. I would highly recommend this to families & couples as a fun outing to do together. I've done similar horseback riding in California & Oregon, and this one was my favorite. The horses were nice, the trail leader was nice, the group was small, and the scenery is incredibly beautiful. Part of the ride was close to houses (not so fun) but a good portion of it felt like we were just out in the wild west surrounded by big rock formations and tons of cactus. Be sure to wear pants & real shoes because the trail is narrow in a lot of parts and you will brush up against prickly plants, and shoes so you can guide your horse. Also be sure to bring your camera because the trail leader will get off his horse and take some very cute pictures.
5	My friend and I went on a 2 hour trail ride this past week and had a great time! Nicole was our guide, and I don't think I've ever met someone so genuinely pleasant and sweet. She was so knowledgeable, filled with cool facts about the area, personable and showed genuine interest in everyone in our group, and very patient with both us and the horses. The owners and employees of this ranch clearly care for and personally know all 50 or so of their beautiful horses. We've taken a few other vacation rides, where we were just led slowly along the beach and back. While the ride started with some simple wandering through the desert brush, Nicole took us into a more mountainous area where we got to wind around, up and down AMAZING rock formations and massive saguaro cacti, spotting little desert creatures here and there (I think they only do this for the 2 hour). It's so beautiful and rugged. She even let us do a little trotting here and there when our group started to show some promise. Our group was small and the horses were really calm, great for all levels. Definitely wear long pants and closed-toe shoes because you'll brush up against a lot of plants/shrubs, some very prickly. Todd, the owner, was also our transportation to/from our hotel and it was a treat to meet him as well. We will definitely be back when we return to Scottsdale- it felt great to support their business and I recommend you do the same!
5	I joined a friend for a two hour evening ride at CCO. We were the only two riders, may be because it was a Sunday eve and all the tourists were drinking their mimosas by their hotel pools.The horses looked very well taken care of. Mine was 17 year old Sundance, a beautiful brown male. I've never ridden before, and he was easy to control. Our guide Ed was patient, funny and awesome company. He showed me the basics and was always there with a word of encouragement and a tip or two.Tip for the guys, if you plan to trot, wear tight jeans, you will be thankful at the end of the day. The city slicker that I am,I left my phone in my shirt pocket, ended up dropping it while on the ride and Ed helped us go look for it. The desert, sun set over the mountains and the sandstorm about 30 miles away all made this a very memorable evening.I highly recommend CCO.
4	3.5 is what I like.  I am about a month late in writing this.Went with my girlfriend and we had fun. Of course the summer heat was awful but we went in the morning and it was very nice and it was just us.  The girls were so nice and knew a lot about the area. Saw animals I had never seen before and felt like I was in another time.  Loved it.
5	Had a great time today on a 2 hour ride.  Our guide (Dave) was awesome, the horses easy going (I had never ridden before, but a couple of people in our party had) and the scenery was perfect.  Even saw a coyote chasing a rabbit through the scrub...  Very cool all in all.
5	Found them on TripAdvisor as the #1 attraction in Scottsdale.  And it sure was the highlight of our trip!  Even better than the Grand Canyon!  ( no offense).We took the 3:30pm 2 hour tour, it was hubby and me and our 10 year old daughter.  There were 2 others in our group.  Our guide was amazing, her name was Virginia!She was super friendly, tip your guides!  The greatest part was trotting and just loving on our horses, they were the sweetest horses ever.  It was all of our first time and the owners know exactly which of their horses to match you with.  I was going to wear a helmet but I was told my horse, Nick, was awesome, so I changed my mind and felt safe the whole time.The sunset on the desert was just priceless, we have some great videos of our ride, a must do!
5	This place ROCKS! The place is well maintained. The horses are beautiful as is the views and the staff is extremely pleasant. I used my Groupon and am glad that I didn't let it expire. It was one of my best times since moving to AZ last summer.I've always wanted to ride a horse and the folks here, especially Virginia, showed me a GREAT TIME! I plan on returning again and again...Gracias!
5	Assuming you enjoy dessert landscape and horses, I can't imagine anyone having a better experience than the one to be had here.  They do it all, horses are active but well mannered, guides are knowledgeable, etc.We did the two hour tour.  If you haven't been on a saddle in a while, it will be a bit of a strain.  Knees ache a bit and your backside will be sore.  I would recommend the one hour tour if you just want a quick experience.  They also offer half day and full day rides for the more experienced.Good times.  Highly recommended.  Locals get a discount and there are frequent Groupon deals.
5	Wonderful family experience, March 2013.  The drive from Scottsdale was a little longer than the other place we went a few years ago - but was well worth it.  The 2-hour ride got us towards the mountains and into some terrain that was up and down, around huge boulders and lots of plants.  My kids (9-16) didn't complain once.  James, our leader was friendly and helpful.  (and they have clean bathrooms)  We recommended this to friends who went the following week, and had an equally good experience.We hope to be back in AZ in the future and will ride here again!
4	The place is very clean and the horses are definitely loved.  The landscape was beautiful, and the horse ride was so much fun.  Our guide was a little crude, but that didn't distract us too much from the awesome ride.  The horses were gentle and knew the path, but there were still opportunities to get them to trot a little.  We were really glad we went.  Oh my goodness, were we sore the next day!  But it was totally worth it.  Be sure to check Groupon for a great deal.
5	We were the only three on our hour long ride at 8 am on Friday. Louie (I think his name is) was an excellent guide. He spent the whole hour turned around, talking to us and sharing his wealth of knowledge of the area, cactus, animals, etc. We didn't bring closed toed shoes on our vacation so we were a bit worried about getting too close to the cactus but it was fine. A few times I moved my foot out of harms way but it probably would've been safe if I hadn't. The horses were VERY tame and well behaved. Bottled water was provided before and after the ride. I found a $5 each rider printable coupon somewhere online, so it was $45 per person plus a $20 tip and it was well worth it. My only regret is not doing the two hour ride. But that may have been too long because we aren't used to the extreme heat.
5	My friend and I had been wanting to go horseback riding in the area for a little while now. I came across a Groupon for Cave Creek Outfitters and called on Thursday to book two two-hour trail rides for Saturday morning. We had a great time, got some great views and had a friendly knowledgable guide to ourselves. Definitely recommend this company for anyone who rarely rides horses and wants to get up close to some cacti in the Sonoran desert.
5	My friend and I went to cave creek outfitters for her birthday to go horseback riding. it was a hour from my home. Jeff was our guide. He was very knowledgeable.and made sure we where comfortable with our horse. I have been horse backing riding before but by far this was the best experience! My horse name was Doc so I recommend this horse to anyone!! I will be back!
4	My husband and I booked the 2 hour tour starting at 3:30. We got there on time (15 minutes early) but had to wait about 45 minutes because the 4 others scheduled to be on our tour were late. I know it's not their fault specifically, but we weren't compensated and it was frustrating as we had somewhere to be when we finished and we were late to that appointment. I expect things to run on time. The scenery was beautiful. The horses were pretty well behaved. (except a few times my horse wanted to eat from the wild grass and we were not allowed to let them. My horse, Ty, got mad and started to pull back hard and move - I was a bit scared as this was my first time on a horse, but the tour guide didn't seem to notice.) Also, the tour guide was close to the front of the "pack" and my horse was last. I could barely hear him. The 4 others who came with us were advanced horse riders and it was the first time for my husband and myself. It was not a good pair. I give it four stars as the general experience was fun and the scenery was fantastic. They took us up a mountain with amazing views. At one point the tour guide stopped and took pictures.  The saddle was comfortable, and they offered water bottles for the way. The bathrooms have a cute theme and are clean.
5	This was the best experience ever. Thanks to our trail guide Susan. Thank you for the tip on the prickly pear margaritas they're delicious. We'll be back next year.Thank You Calamity and Bow.  You did a great job.
3	We took the two hour ride yesterday afternoon. It was pretty good. I think it may have been fun with more people, but the other party scheduled to ride with us apparently canceled. Also, we used the groupon and got half off, which was a great deal. That being said, one hour would have probably been enough, at least for where we went. I think we rode in a big circle through tonto national forest. While it was incredibly beautiful and scenic, the scenery was pretty much the same the whole time. When I called to schedule, I was told that there would be some hills or mountains or something for the two hour ride. The people were nice, and we had a great time. I would have given more stars if there had been more education on the surroundings, and more variety.
5	We've been here twice already, and they are amazing!  They know their horses so well, so you can be at ease.   We've done the hour and the 2 hour ride and loved both.  Our guides both times were super friendly and knowledgeable.  They really make the effort to get to know everyone in the group, and we will definitely be back!
5	I had so much fun! Very nice people and the trail was so peaceful. I would defiantly go again.
