5	Before visiting Montreal, I had searched extensively on-line for delicious cheese shops. I was not disappointed when I made my way out to Outremont and discovered Maison du Cheddar. Immediately after walking into the store, I was greeted by a friendly lady who offered me an espresso. I wandered around the store for a bit pondering all the delicious cheese options and decided to order their acclaimed grilled cheese sandwich. They have several varieties of grilled cheddar sandwiches include cheddar fort (strong) and cheddar doux (sweet). I opted for the latter. While the sandwich is rather small, it is reasonably priced and served up with three delicious cheese curds: one pesto, one tomato and one plain as well as a few gerkins. Super delicious! I was so pleased I made the trip out to Outremont. The friendly lady who greeted me also was helpful when I told her I was visiting from out of town and looking for other shops in the area. She recommended some other streets for me to explore in the area. I was so pleased with this place. I'll definitely come back next time I am in Montreal. Vive le fromage!
3	I love cheese, especially the variety of cheeses that you can get in Quebec. I'd always heard awesome things about La Maison du Cheddar, but getting to the Outremont area is a challenge for me, so I never had the chance to go until the last time I was back in Montreal. I'd heard that they have awesome fresh cheese curds (one of my fave cheeses!), including sundried-tomato and pesto versions. We went on a sunny September Saturday afternoon after hitting up Lesters (review to be posted soon). The shop itself it really cute, lots of cheese, cheese products, and accompaniments (like olives and jams) for sale. They have a small take-out/eat-in? counter at the back. They also only had one employee working, possibly the owner. Unfortunately, there were two people ahead of us, and they both wanted to taste-test a variety of cheeses. Now, I think it's really cool that they let you do that. BUT, as a customer, could you maybe not be so selfish and realize that you are completely hogging the single employee's attention?? She tried probably about 5-6 different cheeses, taking up probably 15 minutes. All I wanted to do was buy cheese curds. Ugh! Anyway, when she finally left, I ordered a small carton of cheese curds (about $5) and the employee went to go get a fresh bag for me. Turns out that this is the exact same kind of cheese curds that you can buy at Metro (the one in Westmount anyway) - I know this because my mother-in-law once bought us the same bag from there! Felt a little ripped-off, but at least now I know that I can get the same quality fresh cheese curds at a much more accessible location. On the plus side, La Maison du Cheddar does carry this fabulous cheese, 14 Arpents, that supposedly has won several awards. It is delicious - creamy like brie but with a very unique taste - I highly recommend it.Anyway, all in all, while I did like La Maison du Cheddar, my experience there was meh - there are so many places that sell cheese in Montreal that I don't feel that I need to go back there. P.S. They do accept credit cards as payment. Always a bonus.
1	I agree with Jenn C's review that it is not worth the trip out to Outremont just to visit this shop, as there are plenty of other excellent cheese shops in Montreal. I got a box of plain curds and one with pesto. I found them to be not particularly special, as they are essentially the same as the kind you can get at the supermarket (and then you would be able to control the amount of pesto you add, as I found the amount of pesto to be too heavyhanded in the pesto curds and got a sick feeling from them after just a few bites). I tried the grilled cheese sandwiches with cheddar fort: one with the fried egg, and the other with pesto. Both were quite unremarkable -- I can make better ones at home. The egg one in particular was completely bland. Worst of all, the female owner was rude and unfriendly. I will not be returning to this shop.
4	I work in Outremont and for some reason, had never stopped by here until today. I was lured in by the promise of a yummy grilled cheese sandwich and the place did not disappoint! I had the cheddar fort with a small bowl of cauliflower/cheese soup. I left super full and enjoyed every single bite. Each grilled cheese comes with a few yummy little pickles and samples of their cheese curd (plain, tomato and pesto.) The woman that runs the place is super sweet, knowledgeable and made us feel welcome the second we walked in the door. I love this place!
