5	Great quiet place to eat with awesome food! Its affordable and great quality. Recommend any time breakfast or not :)
5	I have heard great things about this place from a friend of mine. When I read the previous review I was a bit worried that they were closed. I drove by today and they are open for business. Not sure what happened, but the place was busy and I decided to check it out.They serve breakfast and lunch, and everything is home-made. Instead of a sandwich I decided to have the hummus and chicken breast.There was plenty of food, making it well worth the price. The chicken was freshly grilled, juicy and flavorful. The hummus was wonderful. It also came with pita bread. It was all just a little too much to eat, actually.
4	Everything is homemade and fresh!  My panini was amazing and I loved the ma-and-pa vibe.  A friend and I went here for lunch but don't expect to run in and out.  It takes a while but if you have the time, absolutely worth the wait!
4	My family (wife and two kids under 5) and I were driving around on Sunday looking for some food and we decided to try Traffic Jam on a whim. I have to say, we loved it!  Great food and love the local small business feel of the place.  The Good: * Good prices and friendly service* Great flavors - Had the ham and cheese panini and it was awesomeThe Not So Good:* Little slow, took a good fifteen minutes to get food* Not all that child friendly.  Not anti-kid but not a lot of options for kidsAll in all a good place and good food though.
5	I. effin. love. this. place. The food is homemade, and the menu has a ton of variety.Its like having your grandparents that are badass cooks open a restaurant. I always get the breakfast burrito, because I cant get a decent breakfast burrito anywhere else. They have this apple syrup stuff they make themselves for the ice tea that is glorious. It makes for the single greatest glass of iced tea in the valley. Per the owners, it takes hours to boil and make, and they use mint from their own garden. I love this little spot and the owners.
4	My croissant with ham, eggs & swiss this morning was fabulous & came with a bonus brownie (saved for later & was very yummy too!) & orange juicePlease try the iced tea!! The way the owner makes it is amazing & like nothing I've tried!  He mixes a kind of apple cider that they make on-site with fresh mint.Everything is made from scratch!  I love this and do not mind to wait a couple of minutes for beautifully personally made for me food!Even hummus is made from scratch from dried chickpeas.I was very pleased & my belly was full!
5	Delicious home made food from scratch. Very very VERY affordable prices!  The restaurant is run by a friendly couple who makes all their food from scratch.  I ordered a veg pannini for with fresh roasted eggplant from that morning for $4.99!!!  I added a couple of brown rice soup for $1 more!  My boyfriend ordered a beef pannini with juicy, generous slices of beef.  GENEROUS servings of food too!  Considering it's prime location, this place is hard to beat.
3	Gut the interior, toss the toy cars, paint in a more middle eastern fashion, and get a sign professional to redo EVERYTHING in your windows! The food here is genuinely good and the couple running the place are genuinely talented. I really wish them the best, but in this area a warmer, more cozy feel is going to make all the difference.I always choose to eat at a place with "atmosphere" if possible.
4	This place... this place beat me.I'm always on the lookout for a new (to me anyway) lunch spot in the North Scottsdale area. I saw that they had a muffaletta so, what could go wrong? Nothing, that's what! Traffic Jam is run by an older couple, in a true mom and pop sensibility. If there's anyone else working there, I've never seen them. They are both super nice, to the point where you think something is up. The lady has been known to make sure I fill my drink up before I leave. The old man doesn't write a ticket or anything for your order, and more often than not you can pay when you are ready to go, at your word. They are kinda slow moving, but I'd say it's worth the wait. The place is easy to find but also easy to miss, if that helps any.I was pretty amazed by the decorating going on inside the place. As you can see in the pictures, there is an ACTUAL traffic jam going on above the counter, with a hundred or so diecast vehicles glued to the wall. It's goofy, but endearing at the same time. There is no sense of scale or reality to it, which makes it that much more charming.This first time (I HAVE been back) I ordered the muffaletta which is a real MONSTER of a sandwich. Traffic Jam makes their muffaletta in a hollowed out crusty bread bowl normally reserved for their delicious soups (try the split pea, it's excellent). Inside they heap STACKS upon STACKS of turkey, american cheese, tomatoes, ham, provolone, more cheese, and at the bottom is some sort of salad mix! This was one of the biggest and most GARGANTUAN sammiches I've ever had the pleasure of devouring... Well, attempting to, anyway. Halfway in I was like "Well, i'm still a bit hungry, I'll just take a break and see how she sits." Thinking I had the experience to handle it, I took two more bites of the second half before calling it quits. Utterly defeated, I was so full and so ready for a nap, but I had to go back to work. To wash down this BEHEMOTH I sampled their iced tea with homemade apple cider syrup, and it is well worth the trip to Traffic Jam by itself.You would think that a lunch of this magnitude would be expensive, but that muffaletta rang up to like $7.00 or so. It's insane!All-in-all, Traffic Jam is another SOLID entry in the ever-increasing "Where to eat near the Scottsdale Airpark" list.
2	We stopped in for a quick bite, with only two others in the place, who had already placed their orders, and our lone beef sandwich order still took about 20 minutes and this was during lunch, the three people behind the counter seemed a little confused, and there was a lot of going back to the back of the house and to the behind the counter area.  It did not seem as the kitchen was efficient or that anyone was clearly in charge, a bit of a cluster.  The setup was very odd. It looked like they were cooking on bunsen burners and griddle top with food kept in a steamer table.  Not sure if they even have an actual kitchen or what the deal was, but it was something I haven't seen before.  The decor was just as weird with matchbox cars and trucks glued on the walls, and cheap pictures of italian sports cars randomly placed on the walls. I have been to great places with tacky decor, but in this case the food did not impress.  The order was on the wrong bread, we had requested wheat and got a french style bun.  The beef was a half inch thick slice of beef, dry as can be, luke warm, and nothing else notable.  After reading the other reviews maybe we should have tried the ice tea and pea soup, but if the simple sandwich is unappetizing, I won't be back for anything else. It was truly a "traffic jam" and not in a postive way.
5	Love this place! Small mom and pop shop with fresh home made food at amazingly low prices! The owners are really great and it almost feels like you're going to eat at your grandparents house with all the love put into the food. Service is a little slow just because there are only 2 of them but it never seems to matter because the food is always great and served to you with a big smile! Oh and they will give you a cup for water at no charge...how many places will let you drink for free!
4	After reading the other positive Yelp reviews about Traffic Jam, I decided that I had to try it out so I went in for lunch while I was getting some new tires next door at Discount Tire.  What a great find!  I was greeted by a friendly older lady behind the counter and when I inquired as to whether the tomato soup was creamy, rather than just giving me a yes or no answer, she immediately gave me a sample so that I could try it out.  It was absolutely delicious, not creamy at all and had tasty veggies in it.  I ordered a bowl and she told me to sit down and I could pay later as she immediately brought my soup to the table.  It was so good, I decided that I couldn't leave without trying something else, so I ordered the vegetable panini.  It was brought out to me on a tray with napkins, silverware and two Andes mints neatly placed alongside it.  The sandwich was really quite good and had artichokes, red peppers, and zucchini in it, which was delicious.  The menu had said that it had pesto on it as well and as it turned out, this was a pesto mayo which was rather heavily applied.  I'm not a big fan of mayo to begin with so next time, I'll just avoid that.  The sandwich was also served with a fresh dill pickle and a bag of chips, which is really quite a bit of food for $5.50.  I'll definitely be back for some more soup and to try out some other things on the menu!
3	Traffic Jam serves up some tasty food, but is somewhat lacking in organization and atmosphere.  Does this stop me from eating there regularly?  Absolutely not.Tucked away by the 101 side of the Raintree Strip mall level of hell, Traffic Jam is the very definition of a mom and pop shop.  As in, it looks like a nice older couple run the place.The food is well prepared and tasty.  They actually roast turkey breasts for their turkey sandwiches, and it really creates a rich flavor.  Pea soup is one of my personal obsessions, and it's handled perfectly at Traffic Jam.  I've found myself stopping in at least once a week just to bring some soup back to work.While the food is good, the service, decor and organization are somewhat disjointed.  Plastic cars cover the walls, and they don't really tie into the theme of the food.  Though it pains me to say it service is slow.  On nearly all of my visits one delightful woman is working the register and preparing all of the food. If there are more than two or three customers the wait tends to grow.I wholeheartedly recommend grabbing a bite at Traffic Jam, just plan accordingly.
4	I found this place on Yelp and since it's so close to my office I gave them a try. I recalled that other yelpers had noted there was sometimes a bit of a wait but I had 15 minutes before I had to be in my office so I popped in for some breakfast. When I pulled up, the place seemed neat and tidy and there was a nice older lady who popped out when I rang the bell. I was the only one in the place so I thought SUCCESS (!) and assumed I would be in and out with a great breakfast in hand. It was not to be :PThe menu looked awesome, so many things to choose from! I settled on the breakfast burrito and a cup of rice soup. The gal immediately got to work as I waited.....waited....waited.......After 15 minutes had passed, I started getting ants in my pants as the last thing I wanted was to be late to work. After 25 (yes folks TWENTY FIVE) minutes in all, I finally had an awesome looking breakfast. Here are my thoughts on it-I was pissed that i was late to work. Traffic Jam doesn't look like a place you go for sit down meals. Instead it looks like a place you "run in" and grab stuff then go. If I had been informed of how long the cook time was, I would have saved this place for another time. BUT! The reason it took so long was because the gal was cooking the meal with care :) I watched her crack the eggs, cut the veggies, season the food and etc. Everything about it seemed homemade and YUMMMMMEEEH! My irritation was quickly soothed when I got to my office and started chowing down. The burrito was delish and NATURAL. The egg wasn't pre-cooked 50 miles away 2 months ago and frozen, the cheese wasn't some sort of fake "food" made from chemicals-It was refreshing to have a breakfast that was more "real food" than processed food. My husband thought the soup was just "so-so" but in my opinion he's a bit of a soup snob :pThe only food item I wasn't happy with was the OJ they include. I can't stand OJ when it's from concentrate and it tasted just like cheap canned concentrate that you find in the freezer aisle-No good in my eyes. All in all, I was super happy with the quality of the food and price. The wait time however limits the frequency of my visits but that won't keep me way. If you do go, just be sure to have more than 20 minutes to blow :P
5	Yay, a place with real authentic home cooked food. It's a small mom and pop place where everything is made from scratch. The homemade apple cider sweetener for the tea is to die for. I just wish they were open in the evening for dinner. Great for breakfast and lunch though.They serve up soups, salads, sandwiches and have daily specials.
1	The website says open Sunday's!! We drove 30 minutes to meet friends here.  Update your website!! You lost our business before we even tried your restaurant.
4	When walking into this place with my friend Pfile, I felt like I was walking to Babu's Cafe in the Sienfeld episode "The Cafe". The man seemed to really like his business and with us being the only people there he really paid attention to us. The time my friend Pfile went there before the owners wife and were son had been arguing a lot but it was in good humor. Got the Breakfast Burrito and it was great but I could not eat it all. I would recommend their breakfast but do not know how their lunch is I will go back and try it.
4	Made with LOVE!! Wonderful food made by great peeps.
4	Great little mom & pop place. There was only an older gentleman making the food,  but then shortly after,  I believe,  his wife came in & started helping with the cooking. Eventhough we waited a longer than normal for our food, it was well worth it. I got a veggie pannini & a salad & my husband got a grilled cheese with tomato soup. Both really yummy. We will definitely go back.
5	I visited this place based on the other reviews and I have to say it was so GOOD! I got the special, roasted turkey sandwich, and it was so fresh and delicious. The atmosphere isn't anything to rave about but if you are looking for a cute mom and pops place with fresh, home cooked food, this is the place. The only negative would be that it did take about 10 min to get the food but it was worth the wait.
3	Had the Turkey sand. was decent,wife had the spoon salad brown rice soup, she said salad would have been better with more balsamic. The Apple Cider was really good, Menu selection was standard needs a pic me up though, I love mom and pops I wish them well.
5	This restaurant really is the type of place where you feel at home. It's run by a wonderful couple who make the food from scratch daily. Try the lasagna if you're hungry, it's fabulous.
2	This place has major potential!  As is, it's pretty much friendly super suck.Adorable husband and wife team bickering in a foreign language? CHECK.Clean facilities and warm owners/employees. CHECK. All personal recipes and made-from-scratch items? CHECK. But..crazy interior, weak following of menu, long wait time due to every.single.item being made from scratch while you wait (except bread, of course) and gallons of mayo on sandwiches? Check, check, check and check. The poor folks I bought sandwiches for actually threw them away because they were so incredibly drenched and overpowered by the mayo.  Tried a second time, ordering something slightly different, and still nothing special.  Not sure why Yelpers are lovin' on this place, but I wholeheartedly disagree.
5	What a great place, and aptly named too (you should see this parking lot in full-swing on a Monday lunch break). We actually discovered Traffic Jam on Yelp and we were not disappointed. They have a great selection, it's actually a great go-to for when you and your friends are hankering for vastly different lunch selections. Take my last visit there, me: lasagna, the boyfriend: french toast, (and all of it was d-licious). The couple who run the joint are really friendly and they have an adorable traffic jam motif with toy cars crawling the walls.
4	4.5 Stars. Came in around 11am for a late breakfast. The food is fresh and not greasy but full of flavor! They arrange it on the plate to make it look as good as it tastes. Got the sunny side up and a cup of joe. The coffee was hot and flavorful. The employee (older Indian/mid-eastern looking gentleman) made a fresh pot for me when I ordered it. Eggs were perfectly cooked and not greasy! Loved the way they shred the bacon to spoon on top of the eggs and toast. The fresh salsa and hot sauce on the side was a great addition. Finished off with a delicious homemade muffin that came with the meal (similar to ginger bread/pumpkin?) and fresh squeezed OJ that also came with the meal. Definitely will try again.
