1	I usually go to tip and toes to get pampered with a manicure and pedicure however one day I was running a little late and I stopped at Paulenes on Hayden.  I was greeted and off to a good start, then all went downhill.  I was in the service industry for almost ten years so I always take good care of anyone recieving tips (just as a side note) I was helped by the main lady, who was on the phone the whole time, didn't finish my nail paint job (which was a complete mess I could have done a better job painting them) and walked away when one of her "regulars" came in.  I saw where her prioraties were and it was not to me! I had to ASK another lady help me finish my pedicure and when trying to pay I also encountered the main lady which took another ten minutes extra because she was avoiding me to pay attentin to the other regular! I never recieved a thank you or even an apology.  Needless to say I will NEVER set foot in there again and I advise you not to either!
4	I am rather picky when it comes to nail salons. I want the polish to last and I want the nail techs to be creative with the design on my toes.  I find both of these two at Paulenes and there are two bonuses. The first bonus is as the polish is drying on your fingernails, you receive a neck massage. The second is the hot stone massage on your legs. I drive quite a ways just to go to Paulenes and now I am introducing my friends to their services.
4	Paulene's always does a really good job on my nails and toes, but the ladies are not the most personable. It really depends on who you get. I love the way they do their gel-manicures, they always last me at least 3 weeks. The spa pedicure includes a hot stone massage, which is really nice, but with how busy they get on the weekends, it's sometimes hard to tune out the noise to relax enough to fully enjoy it. They aren't too pricey and do have coupons that are available in the coupon packs that come in the mail so that's a plus for sure. I come to Paulene's often because they don't require an appointment, they are open 7 days a week and they are less than a quarter mile from my house... so I can't beat it for convinience, but I've had better.
5	I've been there twice now, once for a mani and once for a pedi. Both times they were pretty busy, but very accommodating as long as you didn't mind waiting a little bit. The staff there are very very friendly and the place has a nice atmosphere. The shop isn't too big, about 10 pedi stations and 10 mani stations, but they make great use of the space and you never feel crowded. I'm a dude so I can't say much about their abilities to do gels or powdered nails, but all my friends who have been with me say its good stuff.I frequently do this and I will for sure continue to come back to Paulenes. Its a good idea to make an appointment on the weekends as it does get really busy, but as I said before, they try to accommodate as best as they can.
1	I'm not one to complain-- I created a Yelp account solely for the purpose of this salon.  I am absolutely disgusted by the way Paulene's conducts business.  I've been going to them for quite some time, referred friends & even bought gift certificates.  On two occasions, my gel manicure started peeling off only a few short days after getting them done.  Long story short... I went recently and they used a stale bottle of gel polish, leaving my nails thick & the color uneven.  The woman helping "fixed" the problem by putting regular nail polish on top of the gel (which as anyone with gel experience should know, peels right off).  She insisted that I come back if it peeled off.  Less than 48 hours later, it started coming off, so I went back.  She re-did my gels with a fresh bottle of polish in a nearly identical color by a different brand, per my request.  I offered to pay; she would not accept payment other than an additional tip (after my 20% two days prior).  I went back for my usual appointment today, only to find my nail tech (one who sits in the front far left corner-- different girl from last time) argue with me out of nowhere when I asked for an additional swipe of top coat on one nail.  She was rude from the get go, not even responding when I asked how her day was.  Then, she screamed (yes, screamed) that  the last time, I came in asking for my nails to be re-done days later in a "new color" (i.e. my asking to not use the same stale polish), and that I should stick to regular polish so that I can change the colors myself.  I told her that I am paying for a service, a loyal client, tipping generously, and I expect them to look great-- not to mention never coming back.  A woman getting a pedi in the chair next to me waited outside to talk to me, applauding me for speaking my mind.  I have a feeling she won't be going back either.
4	I've been going to Paulenes for years to get pedicures. Depending on the day and time, this place can get pretty packed. If you go on a weekday during the middle of the day, I've found the experience to be wonderful with a longer massage. The ladies are friendly and do a good job. I really love the hot stones they rub on your legs with the lotion. If you're looking for a clean, professional place to get a pedicure, I would recommend this place. The prices are a tad high but is nice to spoil yourself every once in a while. For a regular pedicure, callus removal and tip, I usually pay around $25. I've never had a terrible experience there and do come with friends often.
4	extremely quick manis and pedis and they look great too!minus one star because i got my face waxed and i ended up breaking out after.but will definitely return for a gel manicure and pedicure!
1	I got a set of acrylic nails here and after a day and a half, ALL of them are lifting. I mean all 10, every single one. On top of that, the girl who did them drew blood from my cuticle when she used the filing machine too roughly. Then she put super-glue on there to stop the bleeding. To top it off, my acrylics are way too thick and they flatten out and go wide at the tips. I'm removing them myself since there is a risk of fungal infection once they've lifted. I would go back and ask that they remove them for free since they did such a botched job of it, but honestly, I don't want them near my nails again. Find a different place if you're getting acrylics.
5	Just wanted to find a local place for a pedi without going to one of the spas. This place was great. The staff was friendly, salon was clean, the lady who did my pedi did a great job. The oil and exfoliant felt wonderful! She did a great job with the stones as well which says something since I get massages regularly. If I lived around here this would be my go to place. Best experience I've had getting a pedi and I get them regularly.
3	I recently moved to Scottsdale which means I have to find a new everything. This is my first pedicure away from Tempe and dang, I miss my Jenzia nails so much. I call ahead to see if they accept walk ins and yes, they do. Do they have time for a mani/pedi today? Yes. I show up and every pedicure chair is full and there are multiple people in the lobby. I selected my color and only waited about 10 minutes which was great. The girl asked me what I wanted and I said mani/pedi. She asked if I really wanted ll both... Um yes?  She then proceeds to tell me they might not have time because she is closing early. (But but... I called ahead?) So I am getting a pedi and she tells me she is going to do both at the same time.  She's very rough on my feet, and is talking to the girl next door the entire time (which I hate, especially in a foreign language)She ends up finishing my feet at her bail station laying on the floor. Very strange. Also I felt like my foot rub was jipped compared to my neighbor. Overall, they didn't have my color and I felt like the nail tech was talking behind my back.   I don't think I will return.
5	Great manicures and pedicures! We have been here twice and have loved the service both times! We have made an appointments but they do take walk ins.They give great relaxing massages! Good prices as well.
4	I have gone to the Albertsons nearby Paulenes for years  (mostly because I'm a guy and rarely get a pedicure) but I was having a rough week, wanted a little pampering and thought I'd give it a shot. I was very impressed. For $30 I got the usual (minus polish) pedicure I enjoy. The nail tech I had, Wendy (I highly recommend her) gave an amazing leg/foot massage and the salon looked liked it was recently renovated, very clean and I would definitely go again.
3	I came here because I could not make it to my usual place. Okay for a quick visit but I probably will not go out of my way to visit again. Very friendly staff but there was a little bit of a language barrier and so I did not get exactly what I wanted.
4	Love getting my pedicures here! They are always really sweet although they need to get better at accommodating the people who make appointments/call ahead versus just taking the walk ins!
5	Clean, friendly salon with great manicures and pedicures! The pedicure includes an amazing stone massage and they even give you a shoulder massage during a basic manicure. Affordable prices and you get a discount if you pay cash.
1	Let me give you some prior information before reading this review: I went to Paulene's Nails for five years before I decided I will never step foot in there again. For the last 3+ months I have been making appointments with Paulene's, arriving, and it will take 20 minutes before they take me. I've been late to numerous occasions because of them. But this last time put me over the top. I walked in with gel nails, looking to get a gel polish change because it's so darn expensive. I asked how long and received no response. I asked again and was told to pick out a color. I'm not trying to be rude here, but it's really frustrating walking in to an American establishment and feeling like I'm in a foreign country. I asked again. No response. I decided to risk it because I had an hour and a half before I had to be home. At 4:45 I picked out my color and waited. After 21 minutes, at 5:06 they took me into a chair and wrapped my fingers in foil with cotton balls with acetone lathered on them. This next part is what made me give them a one star review. I SAT THERE FOR FORTY-FIVE MINUTES. With acetone on my nails. They didn't even need to scrape the gel off, it had dissolved. In fact, my nails were white they were so stripped of oil and nutrients. My hands were ON FIRE. She took one foil wrapper off and I asked her to take off the rest quickly because my fingers were burning. She didn't. I then retracted my hand and took them off myself. She wasn't pleased. I said that I wouldn't have done my nails had I known it would have taken this long and that they could have been honest with me. Per the usual, no response. She proceeds to take 30 minutes to do my nails. She did not talk to me and I watched tv. At the end, after the polish was on my nails, she started filing down my nails. I asked her to please not file down my nails as when they do that my nails chip. No response and she continues to file. I said it again. No response, but she started gabbing and laughing with the lady next to her in a different language. The other lady was LOOKING at me and laughing. Having probably spend $1000 over the past five years here, I was extremely upset that they would treat me this way. Finally I say, "I would appreciate it if you would listen to me and not make fun of me."They do the SAME THING!!!!! They turned and started laughing and looking at me. Do you remember being bullied by popular girls on the playground in sixth grade? That's exactly what this felt like. I was so frustrated I wanted to cry. If the fairy god mother did Cinderella's nails, then the evil step sisters were doing mine. I still tipped her $4 on $21. She had the audacity to ask me if I had cash. I said no. She asked again. I said no again and shook my head. I angrily left.
4	I have been back a few times since because I tell myself not to hold a grudge just because of one employee. I have had three great manicures since and have been very happy with my service. Thanks for getting rid of the evil stepsisters!
5	Paulene's nails is a clean salon & the nails techs always do a great job. Only nail salon I'll go to in Scottadale & I'm super picky with my nails & a perfectionist. Cindy is my favorite but they all do an awesome job & never sloppy. They're fast too. Definitely recommend this salon!
1	Since Paulene's is walking distance from my job I went in for a simple eyebrow wax.  What a waste of my time and money.  Technician did not listen to any of my simple request like making the brows a little thinner.  Tried talking to the "Manager" who was completely unhelpful and unconcerned.  I walked out of there a complete mess.  Poor service, poor value for the money, poor overall experience.  Skip this place
