3	Due to the light rail construction, I believe the Glendale and 19th ave location had to shut down and construct this new IHOP on Northern.  This place is fairly new and there is still construction happening in the area next door to this building.  We went here for breakfast (8am) on a weekday and a lot of open seats.  Our server (didn't catch her name) was very nice and on top of things.  I tried the blueberry pancakes which was really good.  I would definitely get it again.  Only thing that disturbed me about my visit here is when I went to use the restroom.  The male restroom has one wall unit and one toilet.  I was waiting to use the toilet since it was occupied by someone.  After he finished, I walked in and was immediately grossed out.  Before I say anything else, the only reason why I was so pissed off (No pun intended)  was because the person that used the stall before me was an employee (server, didn't catch his name).  He pee'd with the toilet seat down leaving a mess all over the toilet seat and didn't even clean it up.  After being disgusted and irritated, I left the stall without doing any of my business.
4	My first experience at this place was... Not  the best to say the least. The chicken was over fried, the corn tasted funky, and the service was SOOO slow! There was maybe 3 other tables and even they were waiting for what seemed like forever. I had to shout out and flag down the manager on duty (who seemed like he was dodging us). So when I decided to take my family to breakfast this morning, I was a little hesitant to bring them here. But I'm glad I did!We got there just before THE breakfast rush and were seated by a young gentleman who was also our server. My mom doesn't get out much and was finally able to eat "real" food after her tooth surgery so she took her time going over the menu. The server was very patient and accommodating. He brought my son another kids menu for extra coloring fun.When the big breakfast rush finally hit, another young gentleman server stepped in to help us with our order and what not when the first sever was busy. Those guys were just so nice and so friendly. We felt they needed to know how much they rocked and each write a thank you on the receipt for them. They really made our little breakfast outing as smooth as possible.
4	This is the new and improved IHOP that just opened after the new year due to the light rail construction.  They built this place from the ground up, and it looks fabulous inside and out.  IHOP seems to be doing a lot in regards to upgrading its properties, as this is not the first time I've seen a brand spanking new IHOP here in the valley over the past 2-3 years.I came here early on a Saturday morning and was seated right away.  Place is new and clean, and the staff was really nice and friendly.  I went with the chocolate chip pancakes, hash browns and bottomless coffee.  My bill was $11.77 after tax, and I really enjoyed myself. I got 4 pancakes, but I should have gone with 2! I couldn't finish them all!  I paid my bill and left before the food coma set in.The reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 was for two reasons.  First, when I got seated, my table didn't have any silverware. I didn't realize this until I got my coffee and went to stir in the cream and sugar.  I looked around and realized that non of the tables in my section had any silverware either!  (the section was empty except for me).  I finally spotted a set of silverware a few tables down, and grabbed that so I could use the spoon to stir.  Secondly, I had my computer with me, and the girls at the front gave the password to get online.  I put it into my computer and the internet said "limited connectivity." I was somewhat flustered with this as I did have a few things online that I wanted to address while I was eating my breakfast.  I tried a few times during my stay and was never able to get online.  While I was eating my breakfast, a family of 6 sat down from me. He tried to get online with his smartphone and was unable to connect as well. He had the same problem I did. The password was good, but he couldn't bring up the internet. I don't know why they don't just have a password free environment. I imagine this would cause more stress for the servers trying to help people get online, and it's really annoying since they aren't IT people. It seems like they have some sort of problem going on with their internet, and no on there could get on.  They need to A) drop the pass word stuff, but more importantly B) figure out why the internet isn't working in the restaurant for customers.  It's frustrating!  Also, the servers do a good job and its not fair to them to stand there and try to play IT while people are also eating there food.Overall, I had a good experience, and the few things that were aggravating were small and can be worked out.  Will be back in the future for more good breakfast!
1	Horrible service! We came in for breakfast and waited about 10 min before anyone came to us to seat us, and when the hostess did come up to us she looked like she was having a very bad morning and she never apologized for making us wait.... After being seated the server didn't approach us until 10 min later! The food come out and it looked nothing like the pictures! So I am never going back there! Only giving them  1 star for the actual look of the restaurant.
1	We had not been in an Ihop for 10 years or more. Went for breakfast at about 9:20 on Tues. Lots of empty dirty tables.  Hostess wiped off our table with a napkin though stuff still stuck.  After 10 minutes I grabbed a waitress.  We ordered and waited; 30 minutes. Someone who came in 10 minutes after us got their breakfast right away.  Finally breakfast came out luke warm, bacon thickness of paper, "fresh" fruit on  rubbery waffles frozen. Coffee was barely warm.  Then we waited to pay the bill.  I finally grabbed some guy and he took it.  Very poorly run and service was very bad.  Hostess was kind of rude.  They obviously do not follow sanitary guidelines and the food was not worth the charge.  Service worth nothing.  We will not be returning for at least another 10 years.
2	Dismal is the word that comes to mind. Remodeled the building but obviously forgot to invest any time in training staff.
1	Service is good but the food was absolutely horrible do not get the bananas foster it's pure brown sugar with bananas.  It is so grotesquely sweet that you can't even eat good luck!
2	I like this new location.  The floor plan is more open and it feels bigger than their previous location on 19th Ave.  The food is the same, so if you like IHOP you will probably be satisfied on that point.  I've been here for five visits at various times and there are a couple of things that are consistent that rate a 2 or 2.5 rating:  1) parking is awful and entry is confusing unless you know where you are going.  2) They run out of food.  Twice I've been there and unless you get there really early, you might find that your favorite is no long available for the day.  3) The service is awful.  They seem to have a 1 to 3 ratio on employees to guests and still the service is awful.If you need your fix of rootie tootie fresh n fruity (or whatever) pick another location and save yourself a lot of frustration.
3	Went here w/ an open mind, it is IHOP after all but we decided 2 give this newer loc8ion a try. This locale is defin8ly bigger w/ more tables + seating areas than the 1 that closed off 19th ave/Glendale, but still a bit of a w8 (which we kinda expected esp bein' it was the wk~end). There were people w8ing everywhere: inside, outside & in between the double layered doors so we sat in some random chairs just inside, lining the wall while attempting 2 face each other in convers8ion so it didn't feel so awkward 2 us & those eating right across the way.   A little after 20 min our name was called & the hostess showed us 2 our booth w/o uttering so much as a word 2 us. Maybe she knew our server wouldn't b right w/ us but it felt uncomfortable not having any exchange @ all. We had awhile 2 go over the menu as we weren't acknowledged, nor offered drinks 4 another 10+ min.  No biggie, we started playing guess who our servers gonna b when a rude gal rather aggressively said 'excuse me' rather loudly, proceeding 2 shove her sweeper under our booth while we tried raising our feet fast enough, only 2 hit our shins on the table leg. Really?? Had 2 go about it like THAT & it couldn't that have been done B4 we were seated?? Uhm, ok.....    Finally our server Celsa S came 2 let us know we were her table & get our drinks, she was actually a Pretty Good Server (once she got 2 us) & we already felt 2 invested in our time already spent 2 consider leaving. There Rn't as many options 4 Veg~heads on the menu here but finally went w/ a Spinach Red Pepper Melt on sourdough which was TWICE the sz than when we've gotten it other loc8ions & DELICIOUSLY PERFECT!! They went w/ the Veg (egg substitute) Omelette since they didn't have the Garden Stuffed Crepes on their menu. The Mango Mosa drink was also better here as it had Fresh squeezed orange juice instead of the concentr8 when prepared elsewhere.    The FOOD was Exceptionally better than service this go round & hopefully they can train certain staff such as the hostess & 1 of the sweeper gals 2 lighten up a bit as people r paying not just 4 the food but the experience as well. It doesn't require much 2 b pleasant ~ if it's 2 much of a strain 2 b nice. So even though we like the atmosphere & better service @ 67th/Peoria in Glendale, we may give this another try from time 2 time (just may have 2 bring some shin~guards next time)!
1	Crappy service: To begin appetizer was brought out with 3/4 meals ordered. I waited on my food while the others in party were eating.My friend had ordered grilled chicken salad but got crispy.We went at a time where it wasn't busy yet had to ask for syrup twice-by the time we got the syrup-the pancakes were cold. We had to ask each & everytime we wanted a refill.Back to the salad, my friend wanted a side of garlic bread-which we had to request 3 times. It ended up coming with his to go box. Horrible service & the manager wasn't much better to deal with.
1	By far the worst experience at an Ihop I have ever had. The hostess was great and we were seated immediatly. Our waitress, Stevie was horrible. She didn't even give me time to open my menu before asking for my order, and at the time the dining area was not busy. I then had to wait a while before she came back to take my order. Over twenty minutes went by and our server checked on all of the tables in our area except for us, we sat with empty glasses until a different server came around.  My sons order finally came and mine was wrong so I waited another 15 minutes for my order. Once we finished eating we sat for another 15 minutes before a different server asked if we wanted our check. We were told the computers were down, though I watched patrons who arrived after us receive their checks, pay and leave before Stevie even brought mine over. What was supposed to be a quick trip to IHOP ended up being a frustrating meal with a bored three year old that took over an hour and a half. Simply acknowledging your guests and being attentive would have made us happy, but the service we received was beyond poor.
3	It is the International House of Pancakes.  They got the basic breakfast and coffee shop fare.  The new one has some bad service.  I like the harvest nut pancakes.   They are adequate
2	Place was packed at 9am on a Saturday morning but I like that kind of atmosphere. Folks out enjoying a good breakfast! Our waitress was new so while that's understanding, she didn't seem to eager to learn. I ordered the raspberry and white chocolate pancakes and while they didn't look much like the picture on the menu, they were good (but small). But most disappointing of all was their lack of a gluten free menu. Be aware that they put flour in their omelettes too! Not many options if you need a gluten free diet.
1	I want to start by saying I never go into IHOP or any similar restaurant with super high expectations.  However, when I'm usually not too disappointed in the food or customer service.  This occasion has me saying " I will never go to IHOP again." When I arrived it was packed, I was seated quickly and so I was not to worried. I saw they had a ton of staff, at least a 1-3 person ratio, and 4 red shirted bussers and hostess. So again i wasn't worried. After sitting there over 15 minutes, someone finally asked us what we would like to drink, i asked if he was our server, he said yes, I told him we were ready to order. It took him another 5 minutes to get our Ice Teas, then he disappeared and did not come back. Here is where it got really bad, The tea tasted soooo gross i spit it back into the glass. My husband and I could only handle the one sip. It tasted like it has sat out over night or something, so i flagged him down and told him they were disgusting we will take two waters. He was a little quicker with the water, dropped them off and ran off again. My water had coffee grounds? floating in it. I said....GREAT. I grabbed another waiter seeing as ours was MIA, asked for another glass. After he took our order, we sat for another 30-40 minutes and finally said "Done!". Grabbed our stuff and left. It was busy I get that, but 3 different tables got served before us even though they came after us. We did not order a ton of food. I will never go to IHOP again, this has forever burned my opinion of them. I felt bad we left with our order being made, I hate wasting food. But, I am glad I did not stay, seeing as the tea was bad the water was dirty. I ended up going to country boys, and it was AMAZING. I say avoid this IHOP at all cost.
1	A sad day in Breakfastville this morning! The hostess stand couldn't get it right, the kitchen was a total fail when they didn't add tomato to my omelette, then sent it out with COLD tomatoes just thrown on top of the omelette I had already sliced it open.  Multiple mixups with food as well. Couldn't get coffee or syrup to save our lives. They forgot to remake my omelette and then it finally came, my whole family was already done eating. Plus, they have no cashier (What IHOP does not have a cashier?!) so our poor server had to come cash us out.We are optimistic and thought we would give this location a try after family advised us against it. We are not ones that ask for special orders or exceptions to the menu. Very understanding and empathetic as we come from former food service careers. Not so much going further for this location.
