4	I guess I'll be the first reviewer.  I really think their milk and cheese are standout products-- However, since we are used to buying store brand milk, the jump up to premium milk ($2.99/half gallon) was a big initial sticker shock.  It's certainly still a bit pricey, but if you are used to buying organic milk, that price isn't totally out of line.  The thing I like best is that they use a slightly different than normal process, and their nonfat and 1% varieties taste exceptionally creamy!  They also sell a lot of overpriced produce and meat products which are pretty good, but not consistently delivered in good condition.  I don't penalize them for not delivering in top condition; If you call them it's really easy and painless to get the charges removed (One example is that our delivery is at the end of the route, and our strawberries were very bruised/freezer burned).  They also make a really good loaf of whole wheat sandwich bread for just $2.79 a loaf, so our orders these days are typically our weekly fill of milk and a loaf of bread.  Others who aren't as price sensitive as I am on produce/meat/frozen meals might fill up on those groceries every week too!
4	I am not a fan of every grocery item costing double the cost of regular groceries. Everything is "natural", and from what I hear they are trying to get credentials to call themselves "organic". It has been very convenient to have this service. We have 3 kids in the house, only one is mine... and having fresh milk delivered every week is very convenient for all of us. Not to mention the milk taste great!. That is what sold us to begin with.  The fruit is also OK, not the greatest quality fruit one can find, but it's solid. I prefer costco fruit, or simply just the nearby grocery store. The produce box was a first time buyer gift, and I really liked to try their various vegetables. Their sweet potato had a good texture and was very flavorful.They are really good with chargebacks, if the milk comes with a dent, or something is wrong they are pretty good with refunding you.We also get the wheat bread weekly. It tends to gets stale fast but taste good... it's probably because it doesn't have a lot of preservatives.Overall, we are going to continue our business with this company. The milk and cheese are great! Let's keep our fingers crossed that more people sign up so the prices come down!
5	I recently moved to Vegas and having services like this is pretty cool in my opinion.  =)I think the concept is awesome and the convenience is indisputable!  Most items are a little pricey and they have a limited selection in comparison to most grocery stores.  But, for staples it's pretty awesome.  You can change your order up to the night before, it is always delivered before I get up.  They have a random fruit and veggie box that I kinda like.  It helps me get new items into our meals without having to think about it.  I get items and figure out how to work them in.  As other people said if there is a problem they are quick to fix it and it's pretty easy to do it.  I don't mind paying the extra cost for all the benefits but I generally shop at grocery stores that are more upscale/organic anyways, as I feel that the quality of things like meat are appreciable.
5	Big big fan.  Bought my first delivery at a huge discount by getting a Groupon.  Have to say - the quality of the food I have had so far has been absolutely top notch.  Let's get to it, shall we?Eggs - absolutely beautiful and delicious.  It's organic and blah blah blah I don't care about anything but taste and cleanliness.  The eggs have a beautiful rich flavor.  I could actually tell a difference in these eggs right from the cracking.  The cracking was a little tougher than with a normal egg and if you're not careful you'll get shells in the bowl/pan.  However, the nice gold yellow color and end result made the work worth it.Milk - Whole milk.  Tasty tasty tasty.  Compared to Whole Foods whole milk this stuff is about 10 times better.  yummy.Chocolate milk - they brag that this won 2nd place in some world chocolate milk competition.  Now, I'm not sure who else was in that competition but this chocolate milk is absolutely delicious.  Nice chocolate flavor but not over sweet.  You taste milk, you taste nice chocolate, and the end results is delicious.Orange Juice - yummy.  Fresh and yummy.  I am pacing myself drinking it cause it's so good.Pre cut Pineapple pieces - says it's Costa Rican pineapples.  Nice sweetness.  I usually like my pineapples a little more tart but these are what most people would like.Cheddar cheese sharp - really great.  I hate grainy cheddars and this is not grainy but does have that nice sharp taste that you usually only get with those nice cheeses that have a little graininess.  String cheese - pretty good but Fresh and Easy is just as good.  Still - that's pretty good.Kielbasa - yummy.  Very nice quality and fresh.Peppered bacon - pretty good stuff.  I think some of the Whole foods bacons are better but this is pretty darn good.  There's more but I haven't had it yet.  I will say this is fairly pricy but sometimes you get what you pay for.  Comes in a cooler (really an insulated bag) with refreezeable ice cubes.  You leave out your old cooler the night before.If you've got the money I'd recommend trying this place.
2	How they can call themselves natural and/or organic is beyond me. Have you read the ingredients on their products? I'm a new customer. In fact, I got my first delivery just this morning and I'm beyond ticked because their sales rep lied right to my face. We are very picky about ingredients. We avoid anything with trans fat as much as possible. I welcomed their sales rep into my home to give me her spiel because, honestly, I had been curious about Winder Farms. I had a list of questions and she lied. I asked her about trans fat and she assured me it isn't in any of their products. I joked about how we do order through Schwan's but what we get through them is limited because most of their products have trans fat and their ingredients lists are so long. At this point she told me that Winder Farm's ingredient lists are short on everything. I also asked her if all products had nutritional labels--we read labels and I have to be careful on certain things because of health issues. So, this is important. She told me that everything comes with nutrtional labels.Ok, so this morning I get my first order. I had ordered old fashioned donuts for the kids. No label. I go to the website and find the nutritional info there. Ok, no big deal. But still...I had asked and was lied to. The nutritional info on their donuts was terrible! And it included trans fat. I also realize the milk does not include nutritional info. Another product I need to look up. Then I look at the package of tortillas I ordered. There is a label. Yay! But they also have trans fat. By this point I'm fuming because I realize I've totally been suckered. I never would have signed up for this if she had told me the truth. I also ordered the tortellini. I don't know if it has trans fat because the ingredient list is so flippin long I haven't read through it all yet. But remember, she told me their stuff is so natural that the ingredient lists are all very short.Also, after thinking about this--I really don't see how it is going to save me money. Most of the prices are double that of the grocery store. I'm not saving on gas money because I pay a delivery fee so the company can cover gas. I still have to go to the store from some products because Winder doesn't carry it all--which means I'm not really being saved a trip to the store. Yeah, I'm a chump and now I'm stuck unless I want to pay the fee to get out from under the contract. I might just do that, rather than pay for 39 more deliveries. I will say this for them though, their customer service rep was very nice over the phone and did his best to make me happy under the circumstances. He credited me for both the donuts and the tortillas and offered me 10% off of everything for the next 6 months. So, maybe I'll stick with them until my contract is up...I'll just have to be sure to read the nutritional information on their website before placing my order.Just don't be fooled into thinking they're natural and organic. They're not.UPDATE: Just went to get the tortellini so make as a side to go with hamburgers and hot dogs. Read through the LONG list of ingredients and guess what I found? Trans fat! Hydrogenated oil. Ugh! Calling first possible chance and trying to get out of the contract. I entered the contract based on a lie. If I can't get out I'm just going to pay the $50 and call it a loss. I will not continue to pay them for groceries when they completely lied to my face about their products.
1	Waste of money. Unless you don't have time to shop for your own groceries, Winder Farms is really a waste.It really is an online grocer, with the name "Farm" to make it seem like the products are better or organic when it's the same stuff at the grocery store. I wouldn't be surprised if they simply repackage products from Costco. A lot of their products are already You pay a monthly fee, and then every week, you order at least $10 worth of groceries to be delivered to your door, with the option to cancel for the week. You always have to have at least $10 of groceries in your cart (standing orders), which is annoying when you don't need any more groceries and forget to cancel. The whole website is set up so that you will make mistakes and order when you don't want to. It won't let me cancel my orders for the rest of my contract (so that I just pay my monthly subscription fee, but don't buy any groceries). You can only cancel the week of, up to two weeks.What set me over the edge, is that I set up a new standing order to be delivered only the first week of the month, but I came home late tonight to find my old standing order at my door. It's difficult to explain, but I removed all of old standing order items, and put new ones that were to be delivered only once a month. Somehow, the system is set up to remember my old standing order and deliver it for the remainder weeks of the month. There's no way out of it! The website is difficult to navigate through, and it's set up in a complicated way so that you automatically order their overpriced groceries if you forget.I regret every signing up for Winder Farms. I am just waiting for this contract to end so I don't have to pay the exorbitant fees to cancel.
5	I love Winder Farms.  I love the convenience of having milk, cheese and eggs delivered to my door once a week.  My son LOVES the milk and won't drink anything else.  I would recommend signing up with Winder Farms to anyone.
2	In general, I don't recommend this company.  Their prices are high, their produce is often bruised, and items that should be cold or frozen arrive at room temperature.  Their salesman really emphasized the quality of their products, and their milk may be good (I don't know), but I got tired of calling about items arriving in poor condition, even if they do issue a credit for those items.
1	I have seen Winder farms at our local Las Vegas farmers markets and thought about "is this something for me". This past Saturday (earth day)  I went  to the GREENFest at Town Square Las Vegas. I decided to talk to Winder rep about the service. WOW what an experience, The guy gave me the old hard sell when I wanted to ask questions about the products, said I had to sign up first. I asked for some literature about the company, The guy became rude, a real  "Richard Cranium" , claimed that  he had no info -"go on line to look it up" he told me. I will not be using this service ever. To many easy to use farmers markets with vendors who know and have pride in their products and still practice the art of customer service. Thanks Yelp for the opportunity to share my story.
1	Winder Farms is more like Winded Farms: Winded as in they refuse to deliver to second story apartments out of fear their drivers will get too winded. And winded also applies to their produce that looks like it was stuck on the back of a truck and hauled up I-15 from California at 70 mph in a sandstorm more often than not. Having grown up on a Grade A Dairy Farm I can't say I'm impressed with their milk either. Vons Organic tastes better (yes, I'm serious) and comes with less hassle to get. But no review of Winder Farms is complete without mentioning the sales pitch you get at places like street festivals in Downtown Henderson. The people promoting Winder Farms start out nice at first but can be a bit "pushy". Think used car sales vultures and you'll get the visual I have in mind. But when you start asking questions they become surly and in a lot of cases clueless. In their defense when I sensed weakness I may have pressed harder on the source of their milk and various produce than I should have. But if I'm paying for premium services my expectations rise accordingly. Unfortunately Winder Farms just can't deliver the quality I want at a price point that's competitive. I paid the cancellation fee and bailed. Hopefully by posting this review you can save some $$$ by not getting caught up in the illusionary sales pitch that Winder tries to sell you and that I got snookered into. Caveat Emptor!
2	I really wish I would have done my yelp research before signing up with the nice salesman at the Farmer's Market.  I also need to grow tougher skin because I am a sucker for a good sales pitch. I had visions of a milkman delivering nostalgia in a glass bottle. It sounded like a really great deal and I wanted to support local farms, and provide all natural, organic, healthy quality foods for my family. Well, it turns out that it wasn't such a great deal, after the delivery fees, the monthly fees, and the minimum purchase requirement.  Plus, the fruits and vegetables are twice as expensive if not more than the organic produce at the grocery store.  What is worse is that they were a sad looking bunch when they arrived- wilted, bruised, and not appetizing.  I also purchased a few frozen "chef prepared meal solutions" and was shocked when I looked at the nutrition facts to find that it is 71% saturated fat per serving.  The customer service rep and the sales rep were very friendly, but I would much rather hand over my hard earned money to the vendors at the farmers markets and whole foods.  After 2 months of trying them out, I bit the bullet and paid the termination fee of $29.95. There are other ways to provide my family with natural, organic, healthy food.
1	ROTTEN food deliveries and APPALLING customer service!DO NOT BUY FROM WINDER FARMS! THEY GET ORDERS COMPLETELY WRONG AND DON'T ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR IT AND ARE INSTEAD RUDE AND ARROGANT! THEY DELIVER ROTTEN FOOD ITEMS AND WILL NOT REDELIVER THE CORRECT ORDER OF EDIBLE FOOD ITEMS IN A TIMELY MANNER. Stopping in at a local grocer on my way home for 10-15 minutes surely beats WASTING my money on rotten food and incorrect deliveries that I HAVE to go to a regular store to replace ANYWAY, unless I want to wait a week to get it corrected! (There goes my menu plan for the week!) Winder Farm's choices are poor, expensive and limited.I tried cancelling my account BUT THEY WANT TO RIP ME OFF $30 TO DO SO!! YOU ARE STUCK UNTIL YOU PASS THEIR "NEW MEMBER PERIOD" IN WHICH YOU MUST ORDER A CERTAIN AMOUNT OF FOOD, EVEN IF EACH DELIVERY IS ROTTEN!They didn't deliver over half my items when my fiance was overseas and it was my only means to eat that week and they REFUSED to correct their mistake and deliver the items so I could eat! Instead they tried to blame ME. The inane customer service rep asked how I placed the order and I explained that I clicked the green checkout button (I 100% KNOW I did as you can't place an order without doing so!) but he INSISTED I didn't and was extremely rude with an "I could care less" attitude. Their site is User-UNFRIENDLY and needs a massive overhaul, as does the attitude and customer service skills (ppft!) of their staff.
1	I would not recommend anyone sign up for this service.  Like others here, I wish I would have done my research before signing up.  I signed up for this at a Farmers Market near my house but was never told about the 40 ORDER MINIMUM.  When I called to cancel they asked "Well did you read and sign the contract?". I signed it but I did not go through and read every line.  Nor did the sales person mention the $50 cancellation fee.  Overpriced and their sales/customer service leaves something to be desired.Unless you have money to burn, stay away
1	My wife and I signed up to Winder Farms while we were at Magical Forest last Thursday! We were happy... I was promised by my the rep I signed up with that he would be send me an email next day. On the second day I send him (the rep) an email, I got no response. So I the next day sent a mass email to the usual email addresses for a company. I got a call a few hours later, being New Years day, I was told I would get a call the next day. I did indeed get a call. and was told that my "rep" was going to contact me. Well nothing. that the corporate rep that I was talking to finally sent this response to me"I did find out what had happened with your account it actually looks like we are not able to service your address. Unfortunately 2nd floor apartments pose too much of a hazard for the drivers to deliver. So we are unable to set up an account for you at this time. If you have any other questions please feel free to give us a call at 1-800-946-3371."So stairs are too much to handle. I know I am out of shape... but we would starve if I wouldn't bring food in to our apartment. And a week to get that answer!I would bet Schwan's would shelp food upstairs.....
1	DO NOT DO THIS SERVICE!!! The food is expensive and they lock you into a 40 delivery contract. If you cancel prior to 40 deliveries, you will be charged a $49.99 cancellation fee and they will NOT waive it, even if you are unhappy. My last delivery came with molded food, they are refunding me on the food. I was told that I could cancel at any time, but I was never informed that I was being locked into a contract for 40 deliveries. I did 24 deliveries. Also the food was just ok, nothing special.
4	All the people before this review obviously didn't read the contract and blame their naiveness on Winder Farms.... I would hate to be in the same room with them after they lease a car. "What do you mean interest rate? Why do I have to sign this?  etc."My review will be simple and honest. +Great selection of Food (visit their website and see)+Prepackaged food is better than 99% of the similar items in the "Frozen" section.+Hard to get items like strawberry short cake milk, cranberry stuffing+Easy set up for the prepackaged foods+ Saves time from going to supermarket+CONVENIENT+shop for food online schedule a delivery+Food is "mostly" organic+/- Deposits, they are required for ice chest and food. +/- Deliveries in the wee hours of night, which if you have dogs that bark sucks donkey ^^^^- A bit pricey, however you are paying people to deliver cold food to your door, so consider it a convenience tax. -You are locked into a contract with a minimum delivery almost always changing.- You can't use coupons (except theirs which are very limiting)Winder would be ideal for someone whom works a lot or does not have alot of time to go shopping (single parents for example). Also people who are live far away from a grocery store, might want to check them out. If you don't like to cook, but like to stay home, the pre-packaged food is ideal for you. If you want to try them out instead of signing up for the "X" amount of deliveries, I suggest signing up with a neighbor to even the costs.
5	I met their Rep at a trade show and decided to sign up. After reading some of the reviews I wasn't quite sure what to think...my order was here when I woke up and the BEST Strawberry Lemonade ever!  I have to add the Produce Box is very nice too.
4	I have been ordering from Winder for over a year now.  Both my wife and I work full time and have two young daughters;  yes we pay a premium (fees, higher prices, etc.)but not having to shop for staples every week really helps us manage the household.  I could use grocery delivery from Vons or another store, but I believe I am buying really good quality food.The produce is okay, it is hit or miss.  I can keep the fruit basket full with Gala Apples and Pears every week for the kids.  The meat is overpriced (I pay less at a butcher I go to once a month) but I really enjoy the milk and appreciate that it does not have hormones. We started with Winder specifically to prevent our daughters from drinking too much milk with hormones.  The dairy and bakery products and lunch meats are a reasonable deal and we have found the quality to be quite good.For customer service, I found calling works the best.The most frustrating thing is that in the year I have used Winder I believe they have changed the website a few times and actually have made it worse.  The website is too slow.  For a business that relies on the internet for customer orders, they need to invest in a consultant to fix the website and make it faster or use less graphics.  I am running a new machine and this website is one of the worst I use.
1	STOP - do not do it!!  First, I had one delivery and was disappointed with the selection. It did not look organic so I went sleuthing on the website and  found that they use genetically modified veggies. Since I had 4 ears of corn in the box I knew I was getting GMO's.   Bad for you and not what I wanted. I called and after talking to several people, I closed the account since they can not guarantee non-gmo  food.  So heads up if you are looking for farm fresh close to organic food. They are not delivering what I thought they were "branding" themselves as wholesome and fresh.  Buyer beware! Plus they charge you a huge cancellation fee!  And this after I was told by the sales rep when I signed up that if I wasn't happy they would work with me.  A very bad business model for sure.  You will find the gmo  info on their site under frequently asked questions. You have to dig to find it.
1	Stay away even if you have a groupon! Worst company I've ever dealt with! I had a Groupon for $20 worth of groceries plus a fresh produce box. After they delivered they had charged me for my entire order as if they forgot my special deal and I had to wait two weeks for that refund to later find out they were still charging me $16 just for delivering it to my house although online it said the charge would only be $6! Thanks for those hidden fees Winder Farms. And now a month later after I cancelled my account due to unsatisfied customer service, they have randomly charged me $30 for who the hell knows?! And I probably won't receive that refund for another two weeks, how lovely is that! I am not happy because of Winder Farms and refuse to ever use their services again.
5	My household LOVES getting our goodies every Thursday morning!  Great quality milk, chocolate milk, muffins, cookies, produce and loss of other good stuff. I have a standing order but go in and switch things around each week to try out new things. The Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Bread is simple amazing and I love that the produce box comes with recipes too!!!  :-) :-) :-)
5	Managing, scheduling and/or cancelling a delivery is a streamlined, simple process. Their dairy products are unequaled. The customer gets a hormone free, natural product without the senseless over-pasteurization that is required if one wants to label their dairy product as "organic." Go to the dairy section in any market and review the "use by" date on organic milk. It has a shelf life of months. Compare that to the "use by" date on a Winder Farms milk product, which is typically a week. You had better use the Winder product by the expiration date or it will sour, simply because it is real milk and still has its original nutrients. Organic milk has been depleted of its nutrients by over-pasteurization. But, then again, it will last in your refrigerator for months because there is not much left in it to spoil..
5	I LOVE their milk, and they offer glass bottles which does make a difference. I love that they are supporting local farmers, and what's better than having it delivered to your door?!The produce boxes have a mixture of fruits and/or vegetables (depends on what you pick) I have learned about different vegetables this way and how to cook them (they do provide recipes, but I've also used Allrecipes). But they offer all sorts of different grocery items. And if you don't need anything for the week (they deliver once a week) you just freeze your order. I'm still fairly new to them, but I'm enjoying every delivery of it!~Shayla
1	This is the second time we have given this company a chance and will NOT be giving them a third try.  They advertise Organic foods however, if they do not have that in stock they just drop NON Organic foods on your door step without niotice.  Why not be HONEST and tell the consumer you cannot meet the order and NOT Deliver that week?Plus foods they advertise like tomatoe's as being organic are NEVER  organic.  The brand they use with the stickers on them is the same NON Organic tomatoe's you can get at any grocery store.  This commpany just has BAD Business practices.  They also need to take responsibility for their mistakes as well.  Delivering items to the wrong house and then telling you to just go get them from someone you don't know???Buyer BEWARE, GMO FOODs are used here, NON Organic foods are substituted for Organic foods and you have to call to NOT GET CHARGED, REALLY?  I bet the Consumer Protection Agency will enjoy my complaint against this company of trying to substitue foods I did not order for what I did order and then charge me for them.  There is no pride in this company and we will not be a part of a shady operation that is only interested in money in their pockets versus being customer friendly.What I will say though about this company, is I have never met a rep in the field who was not friendly and honest.  These people work hard to bring in new customers, the company just needs to clean some things up and deliver on the promises being made in the field.  It is sad that they have a great service and the service charge is really not bad.  Having things delivered to your door helps but the distribution side and the customer service side needs some better management, leadership and training.
5	Love the products!  When I stay out of the store with my family...the money i save!!! PRICELESS!! The quality is great ...always on time...we sometimes have to skip because we are traveling , but, we have no problems doing so!
1	WINDER FARMS IS THE BIGGEST RIP-OFF EVER!! WINDER FARMS IS A RIP OFF!!!***This is my PSA RANT for the day.***WINDER FARMS IS A RIP OFF!!!WINDER FARMS IS A RIP OFF!!!Did ya ever watch a dog run around in circles trying to catch it's tail? That's pretty much what the last 3 weeks has seemed like dealing with this company. I am still just utterly aggravated with their service beyond words. I sent them an email out of frustration after trying to place my very first order.  An error message kept popping up stating there wasn't enough stuff in my "standing order"... I was thinking..."I'm ordering $30 worth of your overpriced stuff and still this error message won't go away!!!???" So, I skipped deliveries for a month, so I could try to figure out this website. Next, they called me and left me a message saying that, 'it sounded like You wanted to cancel your membership, however you  aren't allowed to do that via email'. (which I wasn't) Then I find out they actually cancelled my membership (for me) and charged me an early cancellation fee, which I just found out about 30 minutes ago. By the way, they never sent me a cancellation email notification either. Mind you, I had not actually PERSONALLY made 1 order yet. It seems the representative that talked me into this, put in a weekly standing order of products he assumed I wanted after 10 minutes chit chatting with me on my doorstep. Surprise, surprise, a week later they delivered me products I did not order (again). I called and complained... They apologized and said that I wouldn't have any deliveries until 3/31. **Then, they charged me for not returning the bottles and ice packets...which were in my garage...because I was told my "next delivery" wasn't  until 3/31... So why, oh why, would I leave these items sitting on my doorstep for 3 weeks???I just spoke to a "Sammy" who told me 'her hands were tied' and she really couldn't help me... (So, I've received 2 deliveries I didn't actually order... And somehow that's all my fault, apparently.) Then, I spoke to a "Jamie" after, and you could actually hear the disdain in his voice. Customer Service is terrible. OMG... Seriously... This was a 3 week fiasco. And I'm out $50 to cancel a service that I thought was a "trial-period". What a crock!!!! WINDER FARMS IS A RIP OFF!!!WINDER FARMS IS A RIP OFF!!!WINDER FARMS IS A RIP OFF!!!WINDER FARMS IS A RIP OFF!!!
5	I was very hesitant at first to sign up but I am so glad I did. Sam Lopaze's customer service is hands down the best around. I love how he stops by just to check how things are going and if I need anything. I have not ordered anything that he recommended and not loved it !
5	Thank you Aaron for helping me sign up. I could not be happier with the service you provide. Very good good. Fresh and the best chocolate milk ever!!! I was extremely pleased with the amount of produce in the organic produce box. It was perfect for my morning smoothies!!! I had a question on how to change my order and contacted Aaron my sales rep and he walked me right through how to do it. Great service great products and I don't have to go to the store nearly as often! Everyone should be using this service
5	Got my 1st delivery this morning!  I only spent $15 and got a weeks worth of food! Looking forward to never going to the grocery store ever again! I'll show you some of the stuff!
1	Tried it. And got out of the contract today. Overcharged for milk. Dishonest promises and on the contract the guy said to me today they can up the prices as they see fit. He told me it's on the CONTRACT. Thats means. We rip you off even thou we quote a certain price. Then we can raise it without warning and even not give you a 30 day notice in advance. I elected to let them cheap me for the meesly money and just be done with them. I sure wasn't willing to pay the closing the acct fee either since it was them and not me that didn't follow thru with their contract and deliver what was promised to me to begin with. They will beg you to stay. Then they will try and say the good deals only last for six month trial period. At that point you have signed a contract and you will pay double from over the six months to the next. BE prepared. From day one when the guy came to enroll me in the program. I asked them WHERE is the price list? How do I determine if it's a good idea to go with your company? Very misleading and confusing how this company operated. Of course you need to know prices before you know what your getting into but after speaking with the guy today. He says it's just the price after six months. YOU will receive different prices and of course they are going to be absorbant. You decide if I save you the headache to forewarn you in advance. I would say more but it's not a good honest company. I don't wish to get into everything I experienced. But the food is not all that either.
3	I got two deliveries from Winder Farms but decided to cancel because it was way too expensive.  I saw Winder Farms 1/2 gallon of chocolate milk in the store for only $2.99 whereas on their website it costs $5.09.  On top of the more expensive food, there are fees for everything: deposits for Ice packs and cooler bags, new customer set up fee, delivery fee, etc.  Luckily I started with a deal and didn't pay any of the initial fees.  Their delivery service is very convenient but I'd rather go to the store and get it for cheaper.  When I cancelled the customer service was very nice and easy to deal with.  Overall, I had a good experience but it was just too expensive for me.
1	These people need to attend customer service training. Their customer service reps and manager were very rude and unprofessional. There are other delivery services available that can have my service. I suggest everyone seek alternative sources as well.
2	Let me start by saying that my husband and I signed up for Winder Farms in 2008.  I have chronic back problems that make it difficult to do weekly grocery shopping, so the convenience seemed worth the extra cost.  And for a long time--about six years--the food was good and the problems we had were minimal and easily dealt with with a phone call.Then...something happened.  It started slowly and as mentioned, a phone call would take care of it.  Then it got worse--every week, something was wrong.  Oh, the driver forgot this or that.  The website is "down".  No one is available by phone because we changed our hours or we're in a meeting so we don't have time to deal with you.  Things were arriving past their expiration date, lettuce was brown and wilted, the website is not down but it's not really working either, and oh, no, we haven't had any complaints!  And I got SO tired of it.  I told them, look, I appreciate the convenience and I don't *want* to discontinue the service but this is really old, you guys.  So they told me, hey, don't leave!  We don't want to lose your business (I guess not, after such a long time!)  So they offered me a 20% discount on my entire order every week.  O---o--okay, I can deal with that.Except...nothing improved.  Packaged food came with puffy lids.  Meats were freezer-burned.  Website gave me constant error messages.  Every week I was on the phone with them, complaining about something, and I'm sure they were as tired of me as I was of them.  I swear I got to know the names of all the customer service people--and they knew me, for sure.So you know where this is going, right?  I finally cancelled.  And to add insult to injury, it took them three weeks to come and pick up their bottles and crates.Re the two stars...maybe I could have been more generous for the good service for the first several years.  It really was pretty good then.  But the aggravation of the last year drags it down.  I just don't feel I can fairly give this company a higher rating, and I definitely would not recommend it to anyone considering it.  I'd love to find a similar type of grocery delivery service because I do miss the convenience, but that has yet to happen!
1	I've had their milk & grocery delivery service sporadically in two states now and it is just beyond disappointing. The milk in the glass bottles is great, however all the other food delivered was over priced for the quality and left on our porch in poor condition most of the time. You're nickel & dimed for EVERYTHING, even the delivery bags and cooling sheets that are needed for delivery, you're charged for it!!! $12 sub-par bacon? I don't think so. Save your money and shop directly at Whole Foods where you're at least buying sustainable and organic. AWFUL SERVICE. Which is unfortunate because if it were decent service and product it would be a great concept. FAIL.
1	The milk is delicious, chocolate milk is amazing, their pancake mix is great, the produce is terrible-- you can get better produce at Walmart.  However, the company as a whole is a joke and shady.  Poor business practices are an understatement. Starting From the executive level, to the management and even a few of the current sales reps are super shady people. Sad because they do have some good products.
1	I used a promo code to try Winder Farms for the first time. I ordered some produce which I was NOT impressed with at all. I could have easily gone to a local grocery store, picked out better products, and spent less money. Oh well I thought, I tried it. Before ordering for the first time, I confirmed with a sales rep that I would not be locked into any further orders if I didn't like it. She agreed several times stating, "you don't have to order again with us if you're dissatisfied". One week later for some reason, I have another huge bag of groceries from Winder Farms sitting on my doorstep. Confused of course, I called Winder Farms and asked what this was about. The sales rep explained that the code I used is going to require me to order 40 times with them at a minimum order of $10 before I can stop getting charged! So that equals out to a promo code for a "free trial", in exchange for $400 worth of paid groceries. Why would I spend that much money for groceries I don't like? Lets just say, I was not impressed at all with their food or their customer service.
1	When I 1st started with them I was their #1 fan. Now ugh.... Produce is always bad Called CS add every time it's just we can give you your money back... I don't want my money back I want food.
1	Stay away from this company. The customer service reps like to lie.I had my hours cut so I went online to skip service for last week. I got the confirmation email saying it was skipped then it showed up anyway. I called right away and was told I was going to receive a refund in two days. When I called to check on the refund they told me they gave me a store credit instead. I told them that the money was needed for bills and needed the refund. They said ok and took my card for the refund. I still haven't seen the the refund and called today and now was told I should see the money on Monday. Thanks winder farms for making my gas payment not clear.
1	Updated from last week. Finally got the money  back. I left for work this morning after putting my acct on hold to find another delivery. Had to call the bank to put a block on my card so they can't access my account anymore.
1	Their prices are high.  You can find a lot of their products at the supermarket for a lot less.  I get that there is the convenience of home delivery but they sure make you pay for it.  And like one of the other reviewers said, there are all kinds of fees.  On one of my orders, one of the items was not included because they were out.  There was a note in the bag stating this and I was told they would give me a credit.  Well the credit never showed up on my account until I called and made them aware of it.  Then when I tried to terminate service, they offered me a 20% discount on my next order.  Well that never happened either.  I am just so frustrated with WF at this point!  Considering my bad experience, I can't say I'd recommend them.
1	So, I feel like a complete idiot for getting sucked in by Winder Farms a second time. Too many extra fees, you have to babysit the delivery man and accounting for credits due, overpriced milk, bread and produce that never lasts until the expiration date, and of course the small print in the contract that requires 40 deliveries before cancellation or a $50+ cancellation fee. It doesn't seem like a big deal until you realize what a waste of money it all is and find yourself skipping every delivery. You are better off buying your milk and bread at Trader Joes or Fresh & Easy and your produce at the farmers' market.
1	Not happy with this company at all. Would not recommend. I cancelled after two weeks.
4	I joined Winder Farms for the milk. When I started looking in to store bought milk and rBST I wasn't happy with what I had found. A growth hormone that is injected in to cows to increase their milk output and is used by man farmers. Fortunately Winder Farms doesn't use rBST. Due to that simple fact I decided to give them a try. 2-3 years later I can say this has been a overwhelmingly positive experience. I end up trying products other than just the milk, it is easy to order and everything ends up on my door come Wednesday morning. In the past 2-3 years I have 1 or 2 issues and the customer service team has always been helpful to resolving the problem. I recommend Winder farms to any household that consumes a lot of milk and is looking for something a little healthier.
1	I had nothing but good thoughts about this company food until five years later.  Their food is tastes great and the prices were mildly more expensive.  But coming home from Iraq, disabled and alone they were a life saver. First I used this service five years ago because I am a disabled marine and just got out of the hospital after a year of surgeries and recovery.  Now five years later they put a claim on my credit, saying I never paid my cancellation fee of $29 and assessed an additional fee of 2.50 every month for five years, now owing $100. In my opinion this company is just trying to take advantage of a disabled veteran.  I refuse to pay this out of the blue, fake bill and will tell everyone at the VA center, hospital and college campus I know about their horrible treatment.
1	winder farms is the biggest rip-off ever!! overpriced food. hidden fees.automatically enroll you in weekly deliveries. $50+ cancellation fee if you cancel before 40 deliveries.
1	FRAUD ALERT: This is the most dishonest, disgraceful company I've ever dealt with. They charged me more than was shown on my statement TWICE. Then they told me they had cancelled my membership and I would receive a refund, only to try and charge me again.This was fraud plain and simple. They deserve to be shut down
