5	This is the best cupcake store. Hands down. Plus they carry Thrifty ice cream. Doesn't get any better than that!
5	From the moment I walked in the door, I knew this was going to be amazing.  A case full of delightful, mouthwatering goodness.  The staff was so friendly and helpful, making suggestions.  I originally went in for 6 and wound up getting a dozen.  Each one more delicious than the last.  I even had the pleasure of meeting the owner and welcoming her to the neighborhood.  I have tried cupcakes from all over the valley and these, by far, blow the competition away.  I HIGHLY reccommend a visit to Mind over Batter.
5	These are the absolute best cupcakes around!  You will not be disappointed!
5	I am a HUGE fan of cupcakes, and these are among the best I have had!  Such delicious flavors of cake and icing and interesting conceptions of cupcake type.  The cake is so moist and tasty!  I have tried other store's "Cupcake Wars" cupcakes and they have fallen short of Mind over Batter.  The service is also top notch.  There was the nicest kid working there the first time who was so happy to wait on me and my sons and gave them samples of ice cream like it was the most pleasurable thing he had done all day.
5	I have tries many cupcake places around the valley. I have to say this is by far my favorite. And the staff is amazing. They didn't have a cupcake  available that my husband and I wanted and the girl said no problem I can make it for you and this was five minutes before closing. Thank you for the amazing customer service and most delicious. Cupcakes around.
5	The best cupcakes ever!!
2	Certainly not the worst cupcake i have had, but far from the best. Flavor's tried:- Raspberry Chocolate   The chocolate, chocolate chip cupcake was moist but was light on the chocolate flavor. The raspberry buttercream was NOT good,  i would venture to say it ruined the cupcake. It was waxy and flavorless. - Raspberry Cream cheese   The raspberry cake was moist but again lacking flavor. The cream cheese frosting was like eating a gob of cream cheese mixed with sugar. (Blech!)The store front and decor is cute.  I suppose it's possible that they have another frosting that is better than the two types i tried. Either way, I don't know that I will be back.
3	I have tried two cupcakes from this shop. The first one I tried was great; a standard red velvet cupcake with cream cheese frosting. It was delicious, and it had mini chocolate chips in the cake. The second flavor I had is the reason for the low score. The strawberry cupcake tasted very artificial. It was bright pink, like the pink cake mix sold in every grocery store. According to their website, they offer many flavors. I would be willing to try some of the chocolate-based cakes, but probably not a fruit flavor.
5	Move over, Sprinkles! Get out of the way, GiGi's! Ho-Ly-Cow. Best white cake around. Perfect frosting-to-cake ratio. AMAZING selection of flavors. The chocolate cake was pretty good- I'm a chocoholic, and I still thought the white cake and lemon cake, in their spongy splendor, were far superior to the dark cakes. But don't get me wrong- I could still eat a six pack of their chocolate cupcakes too. Like all good parents, I was feverishly searching Groupon for a cake place the day of my daughter's birthday. Unprepared with a custom cake, I needed something that a two-year-old could smash and that adults could enjoy. Voila! I found a Groupon for this cupcake place that is annoyingly far from where I live (in North Phoenix.) I gave it a whirl, and I'm glad I did.We got: Lemon Raspberry (Um, AMAZED at how good this was!), 24 K (carrot cake which was my least fave, and I'm a big carrot cake lover), Hot Fudge Sundae (my new favorite thing on the planet!), German Chocolate (so-so), Cookies n' Cream (a hit with my husband), Strawberry Cadillac (the one my toddler smushed- it was pretty good), and Salted Caramel (Surprising- because I HATE the current salted caramel craze, but, this cupcake was easily one of my favorites!) Try this place. flavorful, perfectly textured, moist cakes. Second-to-none frosting, which tastes neither too-buttery nor too-sugary. They must have the magic Kitchen Aid which is so elusive, because everything was just right- airy and fluffy and good, oh my!
2	Came thisclose to ruining my baby shower! We ordered both a cake and 24 cupcakes.... The cake made it to gilbert store for pick up but the cupcakes did not. Initially the sales people told me to go pick it up at the Tempe store....uh....no. I called the day before to confirm delivery for a reason. Then the girls in both stores acted like they didn't have a clue how to fix this situation without Ashley the manager. I informed them that I will need to speak with Ashley. Well about 20 minutes before the shower started Ashley called to tell me shed be personally delivering them..... Surprise....some random guy came to deliver and we've never even had so much as an apology from Ashley. Not a great way to run a small business if you ask me.
5	Ended up trying this place because of a Groupon deal, but I'm sure to come back without one! Picked up a dozen cupcakes and am slowly making my way through them. What I like most about them is that the cake itself is nice and moist and the frosting, although plentiful, isn't too sweet that it hurts my teeth.Favorites so far: 24 karat and lemon drop. Looking forward to Reece withaspoon :) Currently not a fan of the caramel mocha. Too much caramel for my taste and I couldn't taste the mocha flavor.They also have cakepops and ice cream which I'll have to try on my next visit.
4	Got a Groupon so decided to try Mind Over Batter. Have had Caketini often as it is at the mall and I think Mind Over Batter is the winner. Loved the Lemon Raspberry. Shop was cute and service was fast and freindly. I get the cupcake is the new hot item in desserts right now...but without a groupon I would not pay full price.
5	Love these cupcakes!! We visit this place often!! If you are a chocolate love - Dark Vader is amazing!!!
1	Very unprofessional. Wanted to order a cake for my daughters 16th. Birthday. Staff did not know pricing and had to call the owner. I gave them my information and was told that I would receive a call the next day. Never received a call. Wouldn't have them bake a cake for my dog. So sick and tired of people being unprofessional.
5	A great place for a little sweet treat. The cakes and cupcakes look absolutely beautiful. My boys enjoyed a cookie and cupcake.  Very fresh and moist.  I like that they sell milk and other drinks too.
1	Passed by here several times and finally had the opportunity to stop in.  Not to mention they're on Groupon all the time too.  Cute little place inside but honestly not worth the money at full price. Don't know if I'd do a Groupon either.  It was later in the day and the cupcake case seemed a little bare.  The lollipop cakes were not there either.  I bought two cupcakes and it was over $7.00.  Came home and was looking forward to biting into my cupcake and after the first bite was very disappointed.  I got a salted carmel cupcake and a birthday cake cupcake.  I just asked my daughter how her cupcake was and her response was "it was ok.  I've had better."  She's 15.  The cake itself was ice cold and a dense cake.  Almost pound cakish.  Not what I was expecting at all.  The frosting I don't even know where to start with that.  Size was the size of a cupcake I would make at home.  So $3.50 for a cupcake, I'm not impressed. I've purchased cupcakes at Caketini in SanTan Village and those are worth writing something about.  They're under $3.00 a cupcake and twice the size.  Big difference. All in all I have to say I'd pass on this place in the future.
5	Looks nice not as awesome as caketini and next to an awesome flower shop so good spot! the location combo for hubby pit stop -
2	The pros: Cute shop. The cake portion tastes good but I truly believe it isn't made form scratch.The cons: The freaking icing! I am pretty dang certain (as a fellow pastry chef) that this is not made in house. It tastes EXACTLY like the stuff you buy on the shelf in the grocery stores. There is nothing homemade about it... it's heavy, over-sweetened, and just not pleasant in the least. The cake also tastes manufactured... it tastes good, but nothing special. Because of these things, I think it is completely over-priced. If you want real cupcakes, go to Sweet Daddy Cupcakes.
3	I went in yesterday around 3:30 to pick up a dozen cupcakes for my coworkers, and it was pretty slow. There was one girl working the counter and I looked at the cupcakes while she was ringing up a family that bought a dozen as well as a take home container of Thrifty ice cream. The cupcake flavors were pretty limited, I looked at their menu online and I assumed they would have a lot more peanut flavors like their "Reese Withaspoon", since their online menu stated "No peanut items will be prepared or sold on Monday, Wednesday, or Friday." Well it was a Thursday and...no peanut flavors. Boo. I wish I was smart enough to get a picture of all my cupcakes, but I got 24karat, red velvet, two Tuxedos, one choc./vanilla, two vanilla/vanilla, coconut, hot fudge sundae, cookies&cream,  and two pink Cadillacs. Favorite one? 24k cupcake. I tried about 80% of the cupcakes with my coworkers, and all the sponges were light and fluffy and moist. The buttercream was sickly sweet though, YUCK. I feel they buy it at another store, it doesn't taste homemade. Customer service? Ehh. The girl really didn't make eye contact with me and was pretty short with me. All she gave me was "Kay. ...Kay. Kay. $40.37" And holy mother of cupcakes it was expensive. Jeeeeeeez. But would I go back? Sure, I don't mind going back once in a while if I have intense cravings. Would I go often? Uhhh no. I can't afford to.
4	I've noticed a trend....groupon goers are cheap and only review to complain about places. Nonetheless, I enjoyed the service and quality I received. Got flowers next store and picked up a couple cake pops for my wife. They were moist and flavorful. Extremely affordable too!
1	I seriously don't understand these positive reviews- they seriously must be out of their minds. We tried several different flavors and sadly I wouldn't want to go back even with a discount. Just about any grocery store's cupcakes taste better than these and that is exactly what they reminded us of. The red velvet and basically all their chocolate cupcakes have mini chips chocolate chips in them- I know your thinking "oh yum, nice little surprise" but that is until you find out they are so COLD and HARD that you could chip a tooth on one- so basically you have soft somewhat dry cake with gravel bits covered in heavy greasy icing. You are way better off with Top It Cupcakes or driving out to Scottsdale for Sprinkles- heck your better off going to Costco.
1	We where the only customers there service was not great... Not impressed by the cup cakes  flavors where ok never going back
5	OMG I love this place, best cupcakes in AZ!! Specifically the salted carmel cupcakes are to die for! Also they have great customer service. Alyssa was super helpful over the phone and in person. This place is definitely worth the drive from Scottsdale anytime!
1	Cute shop. Nice employee. Great cupcake descriptions. Taste earns the one star. Cake was ok. But the buttercream frosting tasted cheap/not good.   We had a groupon for $40 worth for $16. I wouldn't get them again even at that deal. We tried a variety. Only the german chocolate was anygood.
1	I love cupcakes but unfortunately this shop has been my least favorite. I am not quick to judge, I've given them a few different chances with different people and each time I leave dissatisfied. The cupcakes aren't moist and the frosting is blah. Above all else, the customer service was not great either..they employees don't come off as pleasant and when I wanted more information on placing an order, the employee appeared annoyed. I decided not to order a cake for my event from this location because I want a vendor who is excited to help me.I do however recommend the mind over batter in Tempe! I absolutely love that location. The store is super cute and the employees are kind. It's also right next to my favorite thai restaurant and $3 movie theater. Even though it is the further location I would choose the Tempe location over the Gilbert location any day.
3	BEAUTIFUL cupcakes with a mediocre taste. The frosting of my cupcakes were heavy on butter and left a film in my mouth. The cake was on the drier side and lacked flavor. I'm not sure id be back.
2	I designed a cake for my boyfriend's birthday and it was not what I had hoped it would be. I was thoroughly disappointed. The cake had a guitar on it and the strings on the  guitar were not even and even had some gaps in the piping. The cake was not the flavor I requested as it did not have the chocolate chips. The frosting tasted chemically and left a bad taste in my mouth. For how the cake turned out to be, i felt that I was way overcharged. I would have given this place one star but the cupcake that I had was good. Maybe they are better at cupcakes rather than whole cakes. I would come back for a cupcake if there were not any better places around to get cupcakes.
4	My wife found a Groupon so we took our daughter to get some cupcakes. The cupcakes are a bit pricey, but delicious. We ended up getting a half dozen so we could try a few different types. The "Dark Helmet" and "Reese Withaspoon" chocolate cupcakes were the best, though they were all great.My daughter also got a small mint chocolate chip ice cream which was good but nothing special.Overall, this is a really fun place (especially if you have a daughter who loves cupcakes), but a little pricey.
1	Groupon was not honored after reading groupon to sales associate on the telephone when ordering a week prior to pick up. Also talked to the owner at time of pickup ...still not honored.  Disappointed especially because the shop was quite a drive. I purchased cupcakes at another cupcake shop and they were wonderful.  That is the great thing about a large city.... choices.  Should have read reviews prior to ordering.
2	Great presentation but poor selection of ice cream. Cupcakes were tasty but not up to my expectations.
