3	So when I heard that Spirit had taken over a department store in Metro Center, I totally flipped out. (Maybe you are now too, don't yet.) I made a special trip over to Metro Center last night just to check out this insanity. I mean, tens of thousands of square feet of Halloween merchandise? That's frickin awesome.The first major disappointment came when I found they had sequestered but a small portion of the department store at the far S end of the mall which I think was a Dillard's at one time. It's still probably the largest Spirit store I have ever been to, but it didn't live up to the fantasy I was conjuring on the way over there. The second major disappointment is that for probably the 5th year or so in a row, they have decreased the amount of decorations they have and focus instead more on carbon copy, out of the package costumes. They didn't even have a small section blocked off for black light and light up decorations like they have always had. They just had one table with a few light up decorations that pretty much sucked. I don't know how this place fell so far, it was only a couple years ago that I got a fiber optic demon skull (best Halloween decoration ever) and 5 feet long black lights for 30 bux there.And of course as I said the costume selection is pretty much strictly complete out of the package costumes that you have seen dozens of times before. Very little in the way of costume pieces to create your own. It took me like 30 minutes just to find a cape.But if you are looking to dress up like a slut this Halloween, this is the place for you. They now have a literal avenue for the "Leg Avenue" product line of costumes that seems to be getting exponentially larger every year. Looks like this Halloween is shaping up to  be quite the debacle of leering and lechery.
3	Without yelp, I have fuck all for a social life. For this reason, I spent Halloween night curled up on the couch, going through my Netflix and hoping that some brave child would break the streak and be the first visitor to my house in four years. I'm the kind of person who can't let shit go (my dad once, 13 years ago, promised me a LEGO pirate ship once we moved back to the states. Never receiving said ship, and not being able to find one since, has irreparably scarred me), and I knew that if I did not find a way to celebrate this Halloween I would just kick myself in the ass for the next 364 days.So as a "halloween present" to myself I visited Spirit the day after Halloween on my way home from work.Unfortunately, they had run out of WIN the night before.I searched the entire store and badgered the clerks and could only find one (1) costume in my size. Apparently big girls don't celebrate Halloween. Well, at least that explains why I stayed home.Truthfully, I almost bought the "sexy nurse" costume, but they were out of the "nurse purse" and I didn't feel like supplementing my already unsuccessful shopping trip with a goose chase for an accessory nobody would even notice if I shoved it in their face."Hey, you want a drink, Nurse?""Yes, why don't you put it in my NURSE PURSE!""Uh...someone get her a beer or something."Thankfully I stumbled upon their stockings/leggings section, desperate to walk away with something. I got some candy-striped and black and white tights, a pair of fishnet pantyhose, and fishnet knee-highs with little bows on them, all for less than 15 dollars. At Castle or Fascinations any one of these items would be an easy 10 bucks. When I made it to the counter, the clerk commented on my taste in stockings and said that surprisingly that's their biggest seller post-Halloween. We exchanged makeup and nail tips (turns out we were both OPI whores) as she rang me up before asking me if I'd like to donate some money to the children's hospital.Sure. With all the money I just saved, I could afford to give some to kids.She thanked me. I smiled. She smiled back.And then SHE BLEW AN AIR HORN RIGHT IN MY FUCKING FACE.Well shit if this is how you treat everyone who donates to the hospital no wonder they're hurting for money.That's fine. I'll get her back next year. I'll be back, bitch, and I'll be packing heat (in this case, a megaphone)."Do you need anything!""NO! I'M OKAY, JUST BROWSING, THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR ASKING!!!!!!!!!"It's on like Donkey Kong, Spirit. You better hope I get my shit together next year and buy my costume ahead of time, or it'll be payback time.Please, please somebody take me out to a movie or some coffee...
1	Worst store ever. It's a complete mess, very disorganized. Such a shame that one store can make this whole chain look so bad. None of the other Spirit stores I've been to have been anything like this so there shouldn't be any excuse why this store is in such a horrible shape. The staff simply made excuses for their poor performance and even the manager was neglectful in providing assistance. One star is being generous.
3	I've stopped at a Spirit store every year for the last few years. I always check out the latest costumes. The selection is decent. It changes a little from year to year. The prices are on the high side. The best time to come here is the day after Halloween and check the clearance items.
