4	This was a great place! We went in on a Tuesday and it is $2 Tuesday! Got giant slices of pizza and beer. Each was $2. It was great! The pizza slice is HUGE and very delicious. The crowd is mostly men and there are hot waitresses in skimpy outfits but hey it's a Sports Bar & Grill so what do you expect? They have about 20 tv's so great viewing experience as well for the NBA Finals. If we find ourselves in this part of town, we will definitely go back!
1	I came here with a buddy of mine one Saturday afternoon. The place was pretty empty. For starters it took roughly 10 minutes for our waitress to finally greet us and take our drink order. Then another 10 minutes for our drinks to come out. I had ordered an iced tea and there was no sugar/sweetener on any table. Our waitress was nowhere to be found so I asked another waitress who said she would bring me some....she never did. I ordered a basic cheeseburger which was very dry and overcooked. I don't know why our waitress even bothered to ask how I wanted my burger cooked. Our waitress never offered to refill our drinks or even bothered to check up on us after the food was delivered. We had to go ask the bartender for our check. Terrible service. Terrible food.
2	Wow, this place is trying VERY hard to be bro-party-central: waitresses are chosen for looking good in the revealing uniforms than their skill in the service industry, music is loud bro-jams, and MMA is all over the TVs.Visit 1: I sat at a table with a friend. Even though there were only two occupied tables in the place, our waitress seemed overwhelmed: our order for a second round of drinks never happened and she messed up our check. We had two sandwiches which were greasy but pretty good.Visit 2: I sat at the bar with a few friends. This time service was much better. Beer and wings were on special, so that's what we had. The wings were a little better than standard bar food.On the upside, there are daily specials on food and drinks. It's above average greasy bar fare but it's not like they're promising find cuisine and health food.
4	Went there with a buddy of mine during the late afternoon.  Service prompt as we sat at the bar and it was just us and another patron at the bar.  Wings were good and beer....tasty.  I'd go back.  Actually, me and my buddy did but they were closed for renovations.
2	We went in on a $2.00 Tuesday's. Everything was sticky, and the food was sub par. The cheese curds were our favorites - and we ordered some slices. So cheep diner food, with the sports theme going.
