2	For months I've waited for this place to open- the sign on the outside advertised Big View Diner and Sports Lounge.  What a colossal disappointment!  First the highlights- the food really is very good, and I certainly do not want to take away from the diverse menu or good tasting food.  However it really is more of a diner than lounge, let alone sports lounge.I was there at 8:00PM (they will be open for breakfast) on a Thursday night- they did have all of the TV's on sports channels, however there are only 4 TV's in the bar.  The other detractor from what has the potential to be a cool place was the 8 kids under the age of 10 (I was actually looking for the ball pit or slide) I counted in the bar and the word diner seems to have attracted the over 65 crowd- which is surprising because again it was 8PM. The service was really slow (bar and wait staff) and they have no concept of how long it takes to turn tables but I will give them the benefit of the doubt since it just opened.Overall if you are looking for a place to get a good meal on that side of town- this is the place, but if you want a little more fun and excitement don't waste your time.
1	Talk about a disappointment. We walk in and it looks busy. They tell us it's a 15 minute wait. No problem. So we look over the vast menu and marvel at how good the desserts look in the display up front. When they get around to seating us, they put us at a bar table that was open the whole time. They could have sat us right away!So then we order. The waiter seemed overly nervous and we could barely even hear what he was saying. I ordered a sweet tea and it tasted like sugar water with a hint of gym sock. Uh oh. But we were hungry and still ordered. My girlfriend ordered the fish and chips while I got the classic diner cheeseburger. The food was awful. The fries were not fresh. They had the consistancy of leather and probably had been sitting under a lamp for a while. This was on a Saturday night... no excuse for getting old food. The fish was garbage. It was lukewarm and soggy. Telltale signs of food that had been sitting out. The only thing that was any good was the burger... but it wasn't anything I couldn't have gotten at a Chili's or something. At this point we decided we should probably pass on dessert. There was an entire plate of fish and chips with barely anything eaten and the waiter asked if we wanted a box. Yeah... maybe one to barf in. Hmm, maybe he should have thought to mention to a manager that it looks like one of the tables didn't like their food. So if you like clueless service, old food and a generally sucky time, then take your ass to Big View pronto!
4	Went on Friday night with my wife.  The wait was 20 min, or immediate if we sat at the counter, which is what we did.  My wife ordered the BLT, which was outstanding...it was a bit different than typical BLTs; it had cheddar cheese, three slices of bread, good tomatoes, good crisp bacon, and a little pesto.  This was served with home made vinegar chips (could barely taste the vinegar).  I had the Peppered Chopped Steak, which was outstanding.  Meat was tender and flavorful with peppers and onions, served with mashed potatoes and a side (i got green beans).  Food rated 5 out of 5 for what it was...good comfort food.  The only real negative was the service.  It was a bit slow and our server seemed a bit ditzy.  Also, there seemed to be a 4:1 ratio of managers to servers.  Lots of guys standing around in ties, when a couple of more servers would have been better for the dining experience.  Will definitely go back again.
3	We are big fans of the Stratos Group's other restaurants - Illios Noche is one of our all time favorite restaurants and Nolen Kitchen really rocks too, so we anxiously anticipated the opening of Big View Diner. Overall, the food is good, the value is good, but the overall service and "dining experience" was so negative on 2 of 3 visits that I cannot give it over 3 stars.  The management really needs to address several issues before this can be an outstanding restaurant. My first visit was back in May for lunch & we got there at a good time & did not have to wait for a table.  Lunch was amazing - huge portions and excellent quality.  The Herb & Parmesan Crusted Scottish salmon with rice pilaf and veggies was excellent. Also, they have a great Southwest Blackened Chicken Salad  (w/ avocado, fresh corn, black beans, pico de gallo, crisp tortillas, & a yummy cilantro lime dressing.)  We also had the Jalapeno Jack Hushpuppies with honey butter which was delish!  Prices were certainly reasonable for the quantity & quality of the food. Our service was ok but not outstanding. Still, I eagerly looked forward to my next visit.  Unfortunately, our next visit ended with big disappointment. We went on a Saturday morning and the hostess said there was a 15 minute wait, which was reasonable.  After a 30 minute wait, we were seated and noticed all the great looking breakfast food on tables surrounding us. We couldn't wait to order - but then were handed only lunch menus... since it was 11:30, we could no longer order breakfast. We were so disappointed and had our hearts set on having omelets, so we left and went to another local restaurant that was still serving breakfast.  This was particularly disappointing because the menu they have posted on their website says "Begins May 25... Breakfast Anytime... " It does NOT say breakfast until 11:00 AM!  (Plus the hostess did not say anything to "warn" us that breakfast was over at 11 so we wasted 30 minutes of our time only to learn their b-fast policy after we were seated!)    Anyway, I really wanted to give it another shot, so, we tried again on Labor day for breakfast.  We arrived at 10 AM thinking that should get us safely seated by the 11AM cut-off for breakfast. The host told us the wait was 30 mins so we waited...and waited...and waited... finally at  10:45 we got nervous that we weren't going to be seated in time, so we hovered over by the "first come first serve" breakfast counter.   That in and of itself is a truly degrading experience as other would-be breakfast patrons were also vying for those spots... even though we were able to grab one in time to get b-fast, we did not enjoy the experience at all. It felt like a cattle-herd race to grab the first open spot.... do you feel lucky today? If so, you just might get to have breakfast.  If not, too bad... better go somewhere else.  So, after that fiasco, we ordered and it took forever to get coffee and juice.  The food was ready in a reasonable time considering how busy they were. My Spanish omelet was out of this world - I loved the blackened chicken & mole sauce in it as well as the sauce on top.  It was spicy and the flavors all melded together.  I chose stone-ground grits and a buttermilk biscuit to go with it and those were fabulous as well.  The grits were creamy and full of flavor - not your typical "diner' grits.  The biscuit was fluffy and just enough butter without being overdone... they also had orange marmalade which is my favorite so I was totally happy with my food.  Also, the price was very reasonable in comparison with other comparable restaurants.   However, I doubt very seriously that I will go back for breakfast because it was way too difficult to try to have breakfast there.  Everything about it was a hassle and service was abominably slow... except for the check - they were very prompt in getting that out! This experience makes me wonder where they trained the staff - maybe at the "US Airways" school of customer service? My impression from the 2 breakfast visits is that customers are not valued or appreciated.  The ownership group did a beautiful job in the layout, design, and decoration of the restaurant. The food is excellent with great value for what all you're getting... but in terms of service and planning, they totally dropped the ball.  I  expected much more from them.
2	BIG DISAPPOINTMENT... the food is decent but the overall experience was not worth it.  There are plenty of other places I would rather go!    The wait staff needs to all be re-evaluated, I have been there 4 times and each time the staff isn't knowledgeable and are NOT accomodating to customers.  Each wait staff member had a 'I don't have time for you' attitude... isn't their job to keep the customers happy and coming back!  I only asked for extra napkins and some water!  If I were you, I would check out some other places in the area, there are plently of restaurants in Ballantyne.
3	Decent enough place, but nothing overly special. The restaurant itself is stylishly laid out and nicely decorated, but ultimately that's where the attraction ends. On the whole the food is pretty generic and a little overpriced for what you get- if you're looking for a true diner experience (particularly if you're set on a good breakfast), I much prefer the Park 51 Cafe a few miles away.The only real plus I can give Big View is their dessert menu. It's a nice stop if you're out late with friends and get a hankering for a slice of pie.
1	A major disappointment, overall.I'm from the north, and we love diners, so I was excited.  Unfortunately, I was sorely disappointed. The first 2 times I went there, I had appetizers because I wasn't very hungry.  They were both pretty bad.  Still, when invited to join some friends for lunch, I accepted, hoping that maybe I'd find something yummy if I order an actual meal.  Again, I was disappointed.  I ordered a chicken gyro.  The chicken was tasteless (except for being overly salty) and very tough.  It was an extremely small portion too.  I'm glad it came with fries, although they were cold and very greasy, even for fries.  We were a party of 9, and no one liked their food at all, except for a 14-year-old, who ordered the chicken parmesean.  Even she admitted she's had better.  One guy at the table ordered a burger, and asked me to try it because he couldn't believe how awful it was.  I must admit, it was without a doubt the absolute worst burger I've ever had, hands down.  The meat was extremely hard and dry.  It was really inedible.  He was hungry, so he ate about 1/2 of it and left the rest.Also, for a diner, it's pretty expensive.I think the place is very attractive and comfortable, strictly from the standpoint of aesthetics.  Unfortunately, I'd rather have great food in a 'hole-in-the-wall' type of diner.  I don't go to a diner for the ambience.  I go for good, old-fashioned diner food.  It is not hard to make good food diner style.  I really hope they can step up in the future.Maybe their breakfast food is good.  The only way I'd try them again is if I'm in the mood for breakfast.  I'm always looking for a good place for a lazy Saturday morning breakfast.
1	Truly, truly a disappointment. I looked forward to Big View's opening, as I live very close to it. Hearing all the bad reviews, I figured I would order carryout one night. The way I looked at it, I couldn't get bad service if I didn't have to deal with a waiter.Surprise - they managed to royally screw that up too! In fact, Big View Diner screwed up every single step of the way.When I called, I asked for a menu item I found online, only to be told they didn't have that anymore. So I ordered something else.I showed up and informed the hostess I was there for carryout. She told me nothing was ready and asked me to linger by the sweets display. I loitered in the area, making eye contact with staff who immediately looked down and went on their way for 15 minutes, watching the register area like a hawk to see if they were preparing anything for carryout. FINALLY I went up to ask about my order. It had slipped my notice that my order was hidden to the side of the cash register, and had been sitting there for as long as I had been there! The cashier didn't even say anything about the fact I had stared at her for 15 minutes expectantly.The food was cold by the time I got it home, 5 minutes later. And it was awful. I ordered the "hush puppies" which the menu said came with some kind of butter, but instead I got this thick, cheese sauce. For hush puppies??I like Nolen Kitchen and Ilios Noche. I am baffled that this disaster of a restaurant is owned by the same folks. If I were Stratos, I would be humiliated to have my name and reputation attached to this "diner" with its horrible service, misrepresented food items, and sub-par food quality. In fact, my experience at Big View diner makes me wonder if I should bother going to ANY Stratos Restaurant Group establishment again. Were the others just flukes? Because it takes EFFORT to be as terrible as Big View Diner was in my first (and LAST) experience.
3	Decent food and good service. Prices usually start at $8 for a lunch plate.
4	Liked it for Sunday morning family breakfast.
5	We met a group of friends at the Big View Diner for dinner last Friday night.  The exterior of the restaurant alone is impressive.  Then you walk in and you're even more impressed.  It reminds me of a 60s diner (not to be mistaken with a chrome-saturated 50s diner).  There is a lot of dark wood used, the writing/signage is an Art Deco font, and the booths seem to be a high-quality leather.  You might find the cast of TV's "Mad Men" at Big View Diner.  There's a large bar/lounge area when you walk in, perfect for having a cocktail before dinner or just hanging out with friends.  Then there's a dessert case and bakery where you can stare at the endless, delicious possibilities.  Our party of 9 was seated in a large round booth, which itself is very cool because it really added to the atmosphere.  Looking around, everything seemed very new, neat, orderly, and clean.  I was very impressed.  I loved the 60s retro feel.  Although we had just dined at Ilios Noche (Big View Diner's sister restaurant) the weekend before and I had a gyro/lamb, I wanted it again.  It's rare that I have the option at restaurants to enjoy a gyro and typically only get to savor a really good one at the Greek Festival here in Charlotte.  I ordered the Gyro Platter instead of the Gyro Pita sandwich.  What's the difference?  Well, I thought it was just that I was getting a Greek salad on the side for only about $1 extra.  Turns out the gyro on the platter doesn't come with anything on it but the meat, so I basically ended up putting a lot of the Greek salad inside of it...which is almost what the gyro pita sandwich is, minus the kalamata olives and feta cheese.  Next time, I'll probably just go with the sandwich that already includes lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and tzatziki sauce.  The meat was delicious, though.  It was sliced thick, whereas the gyro from Ilios Noche contained chunks of lamb.  I ordered some extra tzatziki sauce on the side, both for the sandwich and as a dipping sauce for my fries (which also had good flavor).  The service was very good, and everyone at the table had a great time and enjoyed all of their dinners.  There was a lot on the menu from which to choose, so it seemed like just about anybody could find at least one thing they'd like.  (I must note here that the meatloaf dinner someone ordered looked fantastic and very hearty!)  When we go back for dinner sometime, I'd also like to try the NY "Disco" Fries as an appetizer.  They sound heavenly.   I think the next time we go back to Big View, it will be for breakfast, though, first.  Isn't that what diners are for?  The breakfast options on the menu look very diverse, and the pricing is extremely reasonable.
3	Hubs and I checked this place out for a casual lunch during the work week. It's pretty impressive from the outside - a massivo diner that looks like a '60s diner on steroids. Inside, it's nicely laid out with a large cocktail bar up front and a long sit 'n eat bar on the side. We had to wait a few minutes for a table on a Tuesday afternoon (which was a bit odd) but were pleasantly greeted and seated in no time. As for the menu - it's pretty extensive. There are quite a few options that will likely satisfy a variety of palettes. I went with the grilled chicken and veggie sandwich and hubs chose the Reuben. Overall, the food was good but nothing spectacular. My sammie was pretty tasty - the veggies were grilled, albeit a bit soggy, and the chicken was tender. I tried a few of hubs' fries and they were pretty good - thicker cut fries with the right amount of salt. I just wish they were crispier. It's a decent spot to stop for a lunch...I'll give it another go with a different menu item. I also really want to try their shakes and desserts!
3	Decent Diner/Lounge place - interesting decor and exceptional service.  I came here for a work team lunch meeting and the food was surprisingly good.  Lunch portions were big, even the chocolate chip cookie I ordered to go was as big as my face. Will prob return with the fam to check it out for dinner.
4	I really enjoyed the food here.  We actually went twice, two days in a row.  HOWEVER we noticed the servers did not know the menu at all, I mean after 3 months employed you should start to be familiar with the menu.  It's a little pricey, BUT if you come Monday thru Friday at lunch, they actually have a $7.99 menu, which again, the servers couldn't figure out whether that included a drink or not, an extra vegetable with the entree or not.  It changed depending on who you asked and what day.  "THAT"S GOOD MON. THRU FRIDAY."  Then on Monday, that's not the menu for today etc... constant runaround.  They have like three different menus and specials depending on when you go.  We ordered and then they came back and said that wasn't the menu for Sunday lunch and did we want to change our order?  Um, no.  The same items were on the Sunday menu, so I don't know why we would need to change the items.  So we paid several dollars more for the "Sunday Menu" portions (i.e. the SAME thing, right??)The servers got to be a running joke with our group.  Every server answered questions, "I THINK..."   "I"m NOT SURE..."  "I BELIEVE..."  IT SEEMS LIKE IT WOULD go with that..."   It's like doesn't anyone actually KNOW what comes with what.The three menus are confusing, when does one get which one on what day? etc...  especially since the menu items are the SAME.Definitely a lack of knowledge on the servers' parts.   The management needs to step up.   The food was wonderful!  Great entrees and desserts.  I would still return just for the food.  So I don't get the bad reviews on the food.
2	This place is just ok for me.  Sort of a hit and miss kind of a place.  They have a large menu with lots of selection.  The kids menu is decent and my boys enjoy the food.  Kids do get a free cookie at the end of the meal, which is always a hit.  For some reason it's always cold in this place too.  I know that may sound odd, but my wife actually plans ahead and brings a "light jacket" when we eat here.  It's always chilly.
3	Went last night for dinner for the 1st time.  A party of 6 and we were sat w/in a few minutes.  Our server stopped by to let us know he'd be with us in just a minute.  I appreciate when someone does that, nothing irritates me more then being kept waiting with nobody making an appearance to explain/apologize.When he came back he was very nice, explained the menu a bit and took our drink order.  He was good throughout the night, so no complaints at all on service.I am from NY and I have been to many diners in the tri-state area, and would not consider this authentic by any means, but it was good.I had the chicken pot pie for dinner, it came with a house salad and a choice of veg.  Salad was good and blue cheese dressing was too.  The pot pie had a nice buttery, crispy crust and the filling was good.  Only complaint would be there was a serious lack of chicken in it!!  Oh well it was good just the same.  I got french fries with it but they were not good, they deceived me though.  When they first came out they looked like they had the nice crispness I enjoy in FFs, but they were not at all.  Not soggy, but a weird firmness to them, I stopped after a few.The rest of the table was happy overall.  Oldest sister loved her hot open faced turkey sandwich, her husband enjoyed the brisket, and I believe the only complaint was the pot roast my other sister had could have used more brown gravy.  Kids meals seemed fine as well.I saw they had rainbow cookies and had to try them because they are my fave, but while they weren't bad, they were a bit dryer then I would have liked.  I can get them better at a Stop & Shop bakery!!With its close proximity to my sisters house I am sure I will be back again and will get to sample a bit more of what they have to offer.
2	I've been here twice. The first time was really good.  The chicken and dumplings were great and normally thats something I'd never order out.   We also had the open face roast beef which was also good.  The second time we went my mom had the lemon roasted chicken which she said was dry and tasteless.  I had the fish and chips. The fish was good but would have appreciated it if they had warned that there were bones.  I got one stuck in my gum.I also had the eclair. I couldnt wait to sink my teeth down into it.  Well, it was the most tasteless eclair I've ever had.  I threw it away.  I'm guessing my two visits were it.
4	Stopped by for the 2nd time on Friday with my sister and my nephews because the 6 y/o stated he wanted grilled cheese and not our normal pizza and we knew they had it from the last time we were there.We were sat right away.  Our server wasn't the friendliest but she made sure drinks were refilled and she stopped by a few times to check on us.  I tried the Californian chicken sandwich this time and it was really good.  It was basically chicken with roasted vegetables and melted cheese on an onion roll.  The roll was soo good, it was soft and chewy and I liked it a lot.  The bread they bring to the table is good too, 2 rolls and 2 pieces of cornbread, all warm and very tasty.Kids enjoyed their grilled cheeses, but my sister was not happy with her BLT, it came with cheese on it which she didn't know and she is lactose intolerant, and it had hardly any bacon.  Also, we opted to do salads instead of fries with our meals and our server said it was an upcharge to substitute and we said fine.  When we got the bill it wasn't an upcharge they just charged for a regual salad, thought that was a little lame.
4	I was shocked that there are so many poor reviews for the Big View. I like the variety on the menu and it is a kid friendly establishment without feeling like you are in the midst of a playground. The desserts always look delicious and it smell wonderful the minute you walk through the doors. The servers are very friendly and the service has always been great.
1	I am seriously pleased to see all of the 1 star reviews and the same statements I would have made (really excited when it was being built, looked forward to it opening, related to Nolen and Ilios Noche so it HAD to be good, yadda yadda).We went ONCE.  That's all it deserved.  Let me share our disappointment:1. Frozen vegetables... why?2. Instant mashed potatoes?  I mean WTF?  You can't actually cut up and boil potatoes in a diner?3. Chicken piccata with no capers. Ummm, what do you mean the kitchen ran out? THERE'S A ****ING HARRIS TEETER IN THE PARKING LOT, SEND A BUS BOY TO BUY A JAR.4. Not exactly cheap, either.The desserts looked good.  We took home a piece of something... it was OK.  If you have the late night munchies for sweets, stop in and get a slice of cake... otherwise, dine at Ilios Noche or Nolen.UPDATE: My wife had to do a business dinner there recently and said "it didn't suck".  Possibly Big View has figured it out and has decided to stop skimping on ingredients.  It's still WAY overpriced for what you get, though.  Review remains at 1 star until I taste improvements myself.
1	This should be called Big Pew, they have no view poor service. They have a poor attitude . The food tasted like they emptied a container of salt into it. I had the roast turkey the white meat was pink?When I asked the waitress about it she didn't care at all.
5	I love this place! Perhaps because it's super close to where I live, but let's be honest, it has a very warm feel to it and the people there are very helpful and pleasant to be around. I love that they serve breakfast 24/7 (not gonna lie, I've been there at 9pm and ordered the pancakes because they're to DIE for) and they have a huge variety on their menu. Their milkshakes are delicious and their bakery is adorable with tons to choose from. They give large portions and it's relatively cheap! Not to mention I can't take my eyes off of the light fixtures every time I'm in there. Big View Diner is up there on my list!
4	This place is hard to miss if you ever go down Johnston Rd... can't remember if it turns into Lancaster before you hit the restaurant or not - but it's at the corner of Audrey Kell.First impressions from the street make it look to be an upscale diner, and when I walked in I had the aroma of breakfast hit me in the face.  I love breakfast - but it was dinner... actually it was time for a drink (after a rough day).  The wait staff greeted us nicely and we asked to sit at the bar.The bartender was over the top (in a good way).  Very nice young woman with tons of energy named Marci.    She took our drink orders - and we also decided to eat so I tried the open faced tuna melt.  It was a lot of tuna, but good... fries were good.  My friend had a ruben and that thing never stood a chance.  I'm guess it was good as well.I'd say I'm a fan for now... but I rarely get to go to this side of town so I will try to make it a point to give this place a couple more visits and update my review.
4	Honestly, I'd prefer to give Big View 3 1/2 stars, because neither 3 nor 4 stars are accurate ratings.We started coming here when it first opened, and were immediately impressed...then the service and food suddenly went down the toilet. I chalked up the bad juju to a case of too much, too soon; eventually, once the appeal wears off, a restaurant's true colors will be revealed. However, there have been some positive changes made to the menu. The menu is smaller now, and, most positive of all, there's a wide variety of healthier options now available. I enjoy their salads, actually; the Waldorf Apple salad is a tasty and eclectic mix of spinach, lightly grilled chicken, pine nuts, apples and a light vinagrette that will leave you stuffed. The jury for me is still out on some of their dinner plates; the lemon chicken and their pan-seared fish seems a bit dry for my palate.If you're bringing the little ones, Big View's management has also improved on their Kids' Menu; the sloppy spaghetti and cheese-soaked Mac n' Cheese has now been replaced with gluten-free hot dogs served on whole grain wheat buns, and whole wheat penne with mixed veggies. Who says kids can't enjoy a healthy meal out? Nice touch from BVD's management...well done!And there there's the fabulous homemade desserts, of which the strawberry cheesecake is simply divine. You'll be hard-pressed to not savor any of their fantastic desserts...even if I've had to force myself to do so, because I'm watching my girlish figure...Atmospherically, it's first-rate, giving off the feel of a retro diner, complete with plush leather benches and some fine pop-art touches. There's also a spacious cocktail bar, stocked with high-quality liquors, and their beer selection is quite impressive - lots of local craft beers and imports.Overall, it's a satisfying experience. I'm glad Big View has improved.
4	Since my job moved into this area recently this place is really close, and I had been wanting to try it for Lunch.  I had always heard great things.  Big View Diner is a good size place and the Decor is also really nice for what you would normally see in a Diner.  One you first walk in you smell the freshly baked goods they have at the counter which includes Cookies, Cakes and other many goodies.  I almost wanted to just get dessert and then leave....lol.  The menu offered a good variety.  I ended up getting the Chicken Salad sandwich on Whole Wheat Toast with a Pasta Salad as the side.  I have to say it was a little piece of Heaven.  Very yummy.  The waitress we had was also very good and attentive.  I definitely recommend this place, and will be going back soon for Lunch.
1	This is the 1st time I didn't listen to my fellow yelp reviewers. Sorry guys.  I went here on a Friday night around 5:30.  The place is really cool on the inside.  It has a modern day touch. Took only 10 minutes to score on one of the round booths. We ordered Chicken Parmasean, Greek free-range chicken in lemon sauce, Greek gyro platter, and some drinks.  ($51.33). Where do I start? The salads. Oh man.  ok, the greek salad "looked" amazing until I bit into one of the soggy tomatoes. Now, why would the person preparing the salad come across an old-soggy tomato and still put it in the salad? Then my daughter ordered the caesar  salad, and they DRENCHED it in salad dressing.  The free-range chicken was so DRY, it was very over-cooked.  Some potatoes were cooked, and some were raw.  This was a lesson to be learned.  Now, on another occassion I came for breakfast and it was pretty good so this review is based on the dinner/lunch menu.  I will not go back again.  I DO NOT recommend this place to anyone, unless you want to give it a go for breakfast.
5	Excellent ribs, Caesar Salad, fries, Gryo Platter and complimentary bread.  This is the most upscale and amazing diner I have ever visited, I will not normally eat at diners but this is the exception to the rule.  Service was excellent with two very friendly ladies that were as nice as could be to my son and I.  Very good wine list, they have my favorite 14 Hands Cabernet from Washington State.  Wayne GorsekFounder INC 500 Hall of Fame Company
5	We were just driving into Charlotte and decided to stop here for dinner. Had the best Blt ever! It came on grilled sourdough, with avocado and a tangy pesto mayo, Yum! and sweet potato fries on the side ( it also came with a well done egg, but i had them bring it on the side for my doggie)/
5	Excellent food, wonderful service, Good Specials!The first thing you'll notice when you walk into The Big View Diner is all of the desserts in the case.  They are THE BEST!  There is a Chocolate Cake Type Concoction that is 14.99 and if you finish it, then it's free!  I asked my waitress and she said that no one had ever been able to finish it, so maybe this is one for the Man Vs. Food or something.The menu is fresh and up to date.  Honestly, my wife asks to go here just about every time we go out to eat.  I believe that she has stock in The Big View that I don't know about or something.  According to her, whatever you're craving, they have it on the menu.  I can honestly say that I've never gone away disappointed, or hungry for that matter.The only complaint that I have is that the salad dressings that they have are the weirdest concoctions I've ever heard of.  For example, you can' t get an Italian dressing that isn't creamy.  It's creamy with some other things mixed in with it.  The owners are so friendly.  I don't think I've ever eaten in the place without them coming around the dining room to see how everyone is doing.  The prices are reasonable, also.  The decor is befitting of an "Old School" diner.  They really put a lot of time and effort into it.  It's not like a cheesy Applebees or something with all of the weird knick-knacks on the wall.
4	This was our first visit in quite a long time.  They have a new menu and finally serve b-fast foods after 11am.  I noticed that they finally have added quite a few "comfort foods" that you would expect to find at a place that calls itself a diner.   On this visit, I had the Spanish omlette  (which I had also tried on a previous visit).  It has corn, black beans and chicken cooked in a mole sauce... Yummy! The potatoes were fresh and cooked just right with just a hint of crispy goodness.  It was served with toast.  I like the coffee here as well. David had a bagel with cream cheese & salmon - which was good except they forgot the capers.  On this visit, there was a 20-30 minute wait for a table, so we opted to eat at the bar.  The service was good and overall we were pleased with our visit. We'll be back to check out some of the other new menu items!
5	What's the big deal on Big View?It seems to be polarizing, and I fall into the fanboy half. Our server, James, was entertaining without stretching too far to make jokes. I thought his recommendations on the food were helpful, and he seemed to know quite a bit about the extensive menu (a near overload of breakfast, comfort, Greek, sandwich, and salad choices).I got a gyro, and even though I have a limited experience of the Greek sandwich, it was delightfully cheap and delicious with a side of cole slaw. It might be the dressing or vegetables in it, but I thought their cole slaw was a step up from most places.The atmosphere is very busied, and the decor is not your typical diner glint and kitsch. Instead of newspaper clippings or plastic flowers, they have a very 60s looking dining room. Round booths, globe lanterns, and metallic chandeliers: it looks like a trendy restaurant in a Pixar movie. The food is pretty great, but a lot of my praise comes from how grand of a setup a diner can have, so maybe that's where the Big View comes in.It's a little more upscale than Denny's, but this is a very kid-friendly restaurant with a more gourmet (and healthy) children's menu. I was surprised to see "spaghetti tacos" and edamame pasta next to the ubiquitous chicken fingers.You absolutely must save room for their award-winning dessert case. They have house-specialties like baklava and ice cream, but if you've got the space, go for an over-the-top choice like pineapple-coconut cake or a cannoli cake. You won't be disappointed, and I think I may try to go for just dessert sometime.
3	We've been to this diner a few times since we've moved here and would have to say that the food and service is consistently OK. The bakery by far is the best feature of this place and breakfast is good. We have ordered birthday cakes and they were well made and tasty.
1	Yuck. So disappointed. I love Ilios Noches and Nolen's Kitchen (same owners). I've tried this place twice and both times it was crawling with noisy children, the staff seemed stressed and unfriendly, and the food very average. It has an IHOP feel about it. Not going back.
4	Ok, as other have  said the service is not always the greatest.  I have been 5 times, and two of times I had bad service.  But the food and bakery are pretty good.  On appetizers, the calamari is some of the best I have ever had, it is succulent.  The chicken pop pie is good also.  Prices are reasonable for the amount of food give, and the atmosphere is nice.  This is one of my favorite restaurants regardless of the sometimes poor service.  Also they have something called a movie night for kids where they show all the kids a movie in another room while the parents enjoy themselves, not totally sure how it works but its an awesome concept.
2	Went there this evening with the family.  My wife likes it here and I have never been impressed.  Tonight, by far was the most disappointing.  I ordered a "double cut" pork chop, medium for $17.00 which included a soup and side.  What I received was a "single cut" just one bone 8 oz or so overcooked, dry pork that was deplorable for what they charged for it.I could have purchased 3 pork chops for what I paid for this meal.  I complained about the "value" and was told that it was a 10Oz pork chop vefore cooking, I was offered something else, but I decided to cut my losses and just not return.  If they are serving 10 Oz pork chops that's what should go on the menu.  A double cut pork chop is "double cut" defined by 2 bones or a resonable thickness much like what is served at most steakhouses (Mortons, Capital Grille etc)It's a shame since they're menu is varied and has a lot of good sounding choices.  They are consistently mediocre and will not get my business anymore.
4	I've been going to Big View with my family since it opened. The food can be excellent--but it can also be just average. It just depends on when you go. The diner just got a new menu, and it all seems very good. I get the patty melt (no onion), and it's delicious almost every time. The bakery is exceptional, everything I've tried I've liked. Service is midding to good, the latest time I went it was very good.
4	Just had a great dinner at Big View.  This was our second visit, first time was just for a burger which was nothing special.  Tonight was really good.They told us there would be a 20 minute wait, but it was only 10.  Love the fact that they started off under promising and over delivering.  We were promptly met by our waiter, Russ, although the place was packed and he had several tables.  The menu is intense as well as enticing!  Russ allowed us to take our time checking in without being hurried or impatient.  I ordered the chicken fettuccine had a house salad with the house vinaigrette.  My husband had the chicken Marsala.  We received fresh challah bread and butter and soon after our salads.  Once we finished our salad (vinaigrette was a bit tart) our meal came.  My fettuccine was really creamy and fresh with a great flavor to the chicken breast that was served sliced on top.  The chicken Marsala came over a bed of mashed potatoes with mushrooms, roasted tomatoes and asparagus.  It was a very nice presentation.We will be coming back!  We also brought some eclairs home for later, cant wait.  The dessert menu is extensive and I cant wait to try it all!!Downside:  There was a party with a few children who were allowed to run the restaurant, almost running into servers several times.  No one said anything and it was quite distracting.  Kind of gave the evening a McDonald's playground feel.
2	All I can say is I am still hungry with the 15$ stroganoff and matzo ball soup, we have to order a dessert to make me satisfied. The food was not all that good like caned and frozen not good. Won't be back
2	It held great promise, had a great menu and sincere servers, but failed miserably in delivery.The kitchen is very disorganized with meals coming out willy-nilly.  Save yourself the agony of watching tables seated after you getting and even completing their meals before yours arrives.  Despite your continually apologizing server, they are helpless when it comes to getting your meal out in a reasonable time.  Ahhhhhhhhh!Went here for breakfast and dinner.  Same-o same-o.One of the culprits appears to be Hector, who just can't get things right the first time.  In our case I ordered an omelet, my wife blue berry pancakes.  Could it be any more simple?  Apparently not, as Hector completed my omelet, putting it on the heating plate and heat lamp window as he prepared pancakes without the blueberries.  Well, when the error was pointed out by our server, Hector re-did the pancakes, but they were raw in the centers and my omelet, that had been sitting on the hotplate for well over 20 minutes had the cheese melted to oil by the time it was served.  But the plate was hot, so hot that the server could not pick it up from the tray without napkins to shield his hands.We had been seated for 40 minutes when our meals arrived and were too hungry and too angry to do much more that wave off the server's apologies and eat our meals.  Not good.Oddly enough we did not suffer enough abuse, so returned for dinner with our son, his wife and two grandchildren. Why, you ask?  Because the menu had everything for everybody and it is a noisy, busy place perfect for children.OK...ditto the breakfast experience, but we had wine, beer and booze, so that took the edge off of our frustration.  Food is just OK, but hey!...It is a diner, so what do you expect? Gourmet it ain't.  whether Hector was there or not, I did watch and there was a white-jacketed supervisor or coordinator of sorts , but apparently he must be part of the Hector Club of incompetents, so no help for the hungry.A shame as it could be a great place.  We might try it again, but most likely not.  With the 10s of thousands of "Hectors" coming into the area it would be our recommendation to fire Hector and hope for a better replacement.  As for the kitchen supervisor, knock his nuts together to hopefully get his attention and motivation to get the kitchen to follow some form of order.
4	The atmosphere, selection, and prices  are not the Only thing that make this place wonderful! We had the best waiter named Russell and loved the enormous menu choices. This place is amazing. Our food looked so pretty, we Didn't want to eat it. This is definitely my all-time favorite restaurant. From the all day breakfast with red velvet waffles and fresh omellettes, to the walnut crusted salmon and endless desserts. You can not loose at the Big View Diner.!!!!
4	pretty good food . fresh breads with dinner . fresh veggies. great soup.
4	This is a really cute place! Very eclectic in it's interior. The dessert case to the right of the entrance is very enticing and appears as if the desserts would be great. I believe they are made in house.This place does boast a wait, and aggravating the fact is that they don't give out any hand held devices that buzz when they are ready to seat you, but call your name instead.We waited about 15 minutes early Sunday morning, as this place is very popular.Hubby and I enjoyed our breakfast and our waitress was on top of things the whole time. Our coffee cups were never empty at all. Hubby went with the Cajun omelet with potatoes. He immediately commented how appetizing it all looked and confirmed that after having a bite of each.I had the eggs Benedict which I had been craving for awhile. I ordered your standard eggs Benedict but was less then thrilled with it, it was just very standard and didn't taste any better then the one my hubby makes for me at home. The potatoes were good, with nice seasoning and bits of onions and peppers to add to the flavor.I also had a side of corned beef hash and that had a spice in it I couldn't identify, but it added a nice flavor to it.We would definitely go back again for both breakfast, and dinner. Hubby and I both love diners and to find a good one is rare, and we look forward to visiting again.
3	Big View is so inconsistent. I've almost stopped going there completely. I used to go almost weekly, but each time, something was wrong with the order. This was cold, this was raw, this was wrong...it was just a joy when they actually got the order right. It's just not worth the effort anymore. Service is okay. The bakery items are all good, though.Original Review: I've been going to Big View with my family since it opened. The food can be excellent--but it can also be just average. It just depends on when you go. The diner just got a new menu, and it all seems very good. I get the patty melt (no onion), and it's delicious almost every time. The bakery is exceptional, everything I've tried I've liked. Service is midding to good, the latest time I went it was very good.
4	A fresh take on Comfort food. I normally don't  love restaurants with expansive menus because I don't feel a restaurant with  a big menu can focus on everything to make everything good. This place is the exception. One of the first places we found when we moved to Charlotte something for every one can be found her. From Brisket and Black Bean Burgers to Salads and Pasta dishes this place has it. They have great specials and everything tastes fresh I don't know how they do it. They also have a wonderful bakery and make their own ice cream. You can even get Thanksgiving dinner in July.
2	This will be my first segmented review because parts of this restaurant just didn't jive with each other. To frame this review properly, I will note that we visited Big View on a Sunday at around 7:45am (well before the breakfast rush).Service: 5 stars for Julie our supercharged waitress from Chicago. She was friendly & inviting from the very first moment. Despite being given tables in a haphazard manner, scattered throughout the diner, she was still on top of things while making sure we had a good time. Hands down she was one of the best parts of the entire experience. Food: 2 stars. I wanted to give them more because the grub is damn tasty, but the kitchen screwed up on my order in such a basic way that it was obvious laziness. I had a breakfast quesadilla with chorizo & chipotle mole sauce in it. Guess which two ingredients were missing. Exactly. They fixed it, but it was a schoolboy error to begin with & not acceptable when we were eating long before the breakfast rush. Atmosphere: 1 star. Other than our awesome waitress the rest of the place gave us the cold shoulder. I don't know if it was because we weren't regulars or because we were only 2 people at the big round corner booth, but the stink-eye was hurled in our direction when we weren't otherwise being blatantly ignored. What really pissed me off was the manager guy (pink button-down shirt & glasses) who walked around greeting regulars & refilling coffee skipped us TWICE even though our cups were empty. How do you make new "regulars" if you treat first-timers so shabbily?In spite of all this I would give them another chance.  The menu has a great variety and the food, when correctly made, was great.  Also, their baked items are rock solid.  I just know what to expect now and will be appropriately guarded next time I go.  Also, if Julie's not in then I'll hit somewhere else
4	After initially being excited when I heard this place was going to open a few years ago, I decided against even trying it after all of the very mixed reviews. Eventually, I forgot about the diner and went about my business. It's not exactly right next door for me, so that was easy to do. This past weekend a friend wanted to do lunch and I wanted some pecan pie. I suggested The Landmark Diner, which I enjoy a few times a month. She said it was too far. The Big View Diner popped into my head and we were off.I liked the decor, with all the stations labeled and everything looking like a modern day version of fifties eatery. The lighting is interesting as well as the wall color and the booth seating. I was that jerk snapping photos with his cell phone the other day ... sorry.She had been there a few times prior and had not the best food experiences, but she didn't bother to tell me. But, she's finicky, I said to myself. I wasn't sure what I wanted, so the server suggested several things over the large menu from burgers to salads to the $20 ribs. (Sorry, but I go to Texas Roadhouse for my $20 steak and ribs, and that is a different review that I have already written)I eventually settled on the steak and eggs with home fries for thirteen dollars. Not bad. She got a gyro with specific instructions on how she wanted it. Like I said, finicky. The food arrived in a decent amount of time and was tasty. Nothing fancy, but it was hot and there was plenty of it. The steak was much larger than expected and I could have -- nay, should have -- taken half of it home. And I am not a huge fan of lots of spices in my food usually, so I was pretty happy with what I got. My lunch mate got hers with seasoning on her fries, against what she had requested. They were very nice about it and she was able to exchange for some home fries and didn't charge her for the mistake. Otherwise, she was happy with her meal. We also got two deserts, the pecan pie and silk chocolate pie. Both were tasty. The server suggested a scoop of ice cream with my warm pecan pie, I think now I should have taken him up on it but I was so full at the time I didn't think it would fit in my belly.I left there with a satisfied and full stomach with the open possibility of returning.
4	Okay-so I am a Queens (NY) boy and grew up going to diners as a big part of my life. I have found it impossible to find a "real" diner outside of the New York area. Well-I found it! Came here while visiting family down south. We were a group of 9 and everyone enjoyed. The atmosphere is fun and energetic. It is very open and appetizing. Billy was our waiter and did a wonderful job with nine people to serve including 2 children. He was patient and kind. They have a "normal" diner menu. Basically it has anything you could ever want on it. The food was good - very good. I can vouch for the broiled Mahi Mahi, skirt streak salad, calamari and chicken pretzel (don't ask). Everyone at the table enjoyed their meals including burgers, fish, etc.   It is not overpriced and our meals were presented nicely. They seem to specialize in desserts and our table had everything from chocolate silk pie (mini pie) to a chocolate & cherry milkshake. It was all good.They are located in the south so yes-they do have sweet tea and grits if you want but don't waste the trip here-order real diner food! Although, my wife loves sweet tea and they have unlimited refills so she was happy (happy wife, happy home if you know what I mean).
2	First time and probably the last time I've dined there.    VERY noisy,  slow service.   Food was okay though a bit salty.   Lots of menu items listed garlic.  One large roll to split between my wife and I.   It was very good but the second offered roll never came.
5	The Thing I like MOST  About The Big View Diner is that its just 5-7 minutes from Work; and I really do get the service I deserve from a professional dining firm for any monies spent for great dining experiences! The thrill is all I request from any restaurant is attentiveness of dining guest greet in reasonable time and directed to table with waiter/waitress at hand for dining guest order requests and friendly re-assurance that "Your Time Is Well-Spent Here Today....Eat Drink And Dine Away In The Comfort & Convenient Sitting  Arrangements Available For All To Enjoy And Be Served As One Whose The Center Of Attention Equally!"  A mouth-full I agree; but should people be "WOW" to frequent restaurants for the "Best Exchange" from both parties.....Smiling And Classy Service In A Special Ordinary Way!Server, Kathleen, on Friday 08-17-2012 at 12:15 PM was attentive and alert to let me select from the menu with limited suggestions; since I've visited the The Big View Diner maybe 25-30 times since finding out about it over 9 months ago in November "2011! They cook & serve  the food the way I like It as suggested with a Smile And Detail to Details Where It Matters Most! My Hat Goes Off In Saluting the Diner Whose Eye Is On The Real Prize Their Customers. Both Making the  Difference In  the Overall Success of The Big View Diner! Good  Life; Livelihood; & Splendid Dining As Best As The Rest  Can Get.. No Stress Here &  Y'all Come One & All!!!!!! Reginald Montgomery/Account Manager @ Ameritrust Mortgage Inc  Ballantyne Area Charlotte, NC 28227 (Bus) 704-927-9663 & website: www.ameritrust.com/ReggieMontgomery
2	We stopped in for dinner, the menu was good with plenty of choices. I ordered the Dijion Maple Chicken sandwich. Did not taste the Dijion, Maple worst sandwich I have had the chicken was dry and my fries were soggy. The used hickory smoked bacon, instead of maple cured bacon. My wifes food was worst and the chicken she ordered had no taste I mean NO taste. She was trying to eat it and just could not eat it. They maybe able to make breakfast but dinner is not good. There were some older couples there and I asked them about thier food and they were not to happy either, but the one guy said you come here you get ue to it. Well not going back. our wairtress was outstanding and was very attentive to our needs but the kitchen was not plating food that had any taste.  Sorry I know my food and how to cook and the food that was plated for us, I would not even send out of the kitchen.
4	We originally went just to use a gift card.  I was very impressed with the service, our server Cary was very engaging, and efficient.  The whole atmosphere was intriguing, as we got closer to 7 pm the Diner began filling up. The food was great. The variety was my favorite, with prices staring from $8, and healthy options like my Black Bean, and Quinoa Burger that even won over my carnivorous sister.  The complimentary bread was a highlight at our table.   I am definitely looking forward to going back.
3	More a restaurant than a diner.Restaurant is comfortable and clean.  Servers are friendly and efficient.  Food is much more in line with a restaurant, than an inexpensive diner.Big View is marketed as a New York Diner, and, as a former New Yorker, I can attest it meets that mark - especially at the way in which they price their offerings.  I think it's a little too pricey, when compared to their southern counterparts.If you visit, you must try one of their spectacular desserts...especially the cheesecake.
4	Really great food, friendly service!!!
4	Owned by the same group as Nolen Kitchen, Ilios Noche, and Maverick Rock Taco, Big View is the one that stands out most to me. These guys are trying to embrace a dying breed of "diner-style" eats with the combo of the classic bakery alongside the diner burgers, fries, swing-style soda shoppe atmosphere and include a full bar. I grew up with Fuddruckers and Big View is definitely reminiscent. The food is mediocre. Nothing too out of the ordinary. I tried the Hickory BBQ Burger - standard applewood smoked bacon, onion straws, and bbq sauce. Nothing like I haven't had before. Definitely reliable when in a burger frenzy or in a pinch for something familiar. What I will say sings foreground for these guys is the bakery. Goodness gracious is it awesome that you can get a gigantic, NY-stle b&w cookie here. The milkshakes (coffee and chocolate has been my favorite thus far) are wonderful. They have tons of cakes, pies, cookies, and so on. The best part is that they are all in the classic display case and a nice glass window so you can see into the kitchen. These guys may not be a 5-star French bakery, but they are cranking out some American favorites that have yet to be less than spectacular, in my opinion. Definitely worth the pilgrimage for dessert. The interior is pretty big, too. Tons of booth seating, which is always a favorite, bar stools, tables, and a cozy waiting area. Though these guys are laid pretty far off of 521 outside of Ballantyne, it's worth the novelty of checking it out.
4	I went to the Diner on a suggestion from a friend, and I was surprised afterwards to find a lot of poor reviews on Yelp and other sites by people who had gone there for dinner. The menu is quite extensive and really has something for everyone. While I've been told by fellow diners that some of the more "homestyle" dishes (ones that you usually only let your mom make for you) left more to be desired, I've found most of the typical restaurant/bar food to be excellent! The sweet potato fries and brisket cheese fries are to die for! The salads (particularly the cold plate!) are also really good. Plus, the sandwiches are all well-made and worth the price. They also have pretty decent drink specials (especially for beer drinkers) and they make a point to carry a lot of local brews on tap. The bar manager is a great guy and definitely takes care of you! The only time I had an issue, which involved tweaking a dish on their menu, and the food came out wrong, the manager had them fix the food AND take it off the bill, which was surprising but very nice! Overall, I think this is a great restaurant for dining with friends or just catching a quiet drink :)
3	3.5I was here for breakfast/brunch a few days ago.  Its pretty hard to botch eggs and bacon so I can't speak to their culinary skills but everything was pretty good.  I kept waiting for that defining moment...for something to happen that would boost this place from good to amazing but it never quite happened.  I was looking for a basket of biscuits to be served with the meal or for a special jam to spread over my toast but I was left with the basics and a hefty ballantyne pricetag to boot!  I was in the middle of my Christmas cookie eating marathon so I didn't try anything from the bakery but it all looked incredible!I agree there is a shortage of diners here in charlotte and this place certainly gets an "A" for effort but lacks the feel of a true, authentic diner.  For one thing, the menu is not very extensive (real diners have 3 huge pages of breakfast items), they r pretty overpriced (regular diners will offer a huge breakfast for less than $10 but not so much here), there was not any fun memorabilia on the walls or anything "50's" about it...which you have to pay homage to..that's when diners existed!Sooo..ok, I get it...this is a more upscale diner...it has many positive points and certainly serves up a good standard breakfast.  Nothing crazy, nothing special, just predictable.I wouldn't run out of my way to go back but I am not opposed to returning if in the area.  I am curious about their bakery.  All of the baked goods looked amazing but I have consistently heard that it is not good at all.  I'm going to need to investigate that a bit further.  Consensus?  Take it or leave it
4	Big View Diner is a great place for brunch. I have only been to the restaurant for brunch, but after going a couple of times, it's towards the top of my list. I tend to get a western egg white omelette but it has so much flavor that I forget it's all egg whites. The English muffins are great and the side of fruit is fresh and delicious. I have also had the challah french toast which is amazing! It's so light and fluffy, and with a side of bacon, it's perfect.I love the atmosphere of the restaurant. It's partially reminiscent of diners up north but with a more modern feel. It is also so difficult to resist all the wonderful baked goods on the way out - they all look so good! I always keep my eye out for rainbow cookies - they're my favorite!
4	You just cannot beat Big View Diner for the food,service,atmosphere and the desserts...oh yes the fantastic desserts.
4	I have been back a several more times since it's so close to work. The management and staff are very friendly and helpful. I enjoy that they are constantly updating parts of the menu to keeps things fresh. A few of my friends love getting their breakfast items for dinner. Food is also good. I think I was a little harsh when I rated it as only "decent" in my previous review. Finally, they got a really nice bar area and a private room in the back that's great for really large groups and private gatherings.
4	My favorite place for breakfast.  They have done great with hiring wait staff, food quality is consistent, and the atmosphere is wonderful.Great weekday deals on breakfast, and other meal entrees are tasty.
3	Had brunch.  It's ok.  A little upscale from Denny's.  price was ok but was expecting more.  Had the western omelette, thought the ham, onions, peppers should have been cooked more before being added to the eggs.
2	I really wanted to like this place. It's close to home. So close. And I L-O-V-E Ilios Noches (same owners). If I could, I would have given it 2.5 stars. I have had a couple of business lunches there and they were good. I had the spinach pie/salad combo. Their spinach pie is excellent - maybe the best I have ever had. Though it always tastes a little better at Ilios Noches. Last night, we gave it a shot for dinner. Disappointed. The descriptions of what I ordered (bbq burger on brioche) sounded great. The execution: not so great. The brioche bun was stale, the burger tasteless, the fries cold. Service was slooow. We requested more ketchup 4 times before finally receiving. Then they tried to rush us out, so they could seat another party. Like I said, disappointing.
3	I've been to the Big View Diner often enough because it's close to home and what restaurant doesn't want a regular (uh... not Big View)!  I would now go somewhere else because of the  inconsistency in the final meal coming to the table...  my family has experienced dining in/out and meals have been good to bland because the cook left out an ingredient. You can tell the server about a bland dish but they don't know what to do about it.... they stick you with a meal without flavor ultimately. So, if you ask for the manager (because you must).... The on sight the manager never comes back to the table after talking to the cook and when you call in about missing ingredients you get the brush off.  Why have a manager???I did like Big View Diner when it was good... but, I don't like the brush off I got when something that was bland!  Sorry Big View Diner you are no longer on my list of good places to go eat!!!
5	BIG VIEW is our go to Diner for all ages. Everything is made in house right down to the bun on your burger at a reasonable price. We have eaten here since it opened. We have never had a soggy chicken parm, or a single piece of old lettuce. Nothing but quality comes out of this kitchen and the staff is excellent. My favorites are chicken and waffles, fried zucchini,  the big Greek salad, and their fresh made cannoli. They also have an amazing bakery that you can get just about anything you want from! If they don't make it you can bring them the recipe and they will make it especially for you, because they aim to please. That's what I like about this place. They are all about the customer and if god forbid something were to go wrong it seems they would go to their grave to make it go right for you. Love this place!
3	We went here the other night for dinner.  The diner's theme is cute - it reminds me of all the Long Island Diners I grew up going to.  The menu isn't as big as the LI Diners I'm used to, but those can be intimidating anyway.  Our appetizer was these pretzel bites and it was pretty random.  It came with 6 pretzel pieces and two sauces to dip them in.  I wasn't in love with this course.  I got the Spanikopta (Spinach Pie) and it was perfect!  My food was better than everyone else's though - I ordered well :) Someone ordered the cheesecake for dessert and I tasted it.  It tasted way too lemony to me.  Overall, I'm not sure if I would return.
4	I didn't grow up going to diners. Some restaurants in Southern California may say it's a "diner" but it's more of a concept than true execution of a "classic American diner" - so my review is going to be somewhat of a "diner neophyte."  My husband and I tried Big View for a couple of reasons - it's close by and their throwback-classic-diner-style sign was appealing to us.  We were pleasantly surprised.  The menu is large - there's something for everything and the portions are huge!  I ordered the open face brisket sandwich and my hubby ordered the chicken souvlaki platter.  Both were delicious.  The brisket was tender and flavorful.  The portions were so big that we debated - for a brief moment - whether or not we had room for dessert - but who can resist that amazing bakery!  We ended up with the Vanilla Raspberry Napoleon and it was a perfect ending to our meal.  I look forward to our next visit - maybe for breakfast!
1	I was very excited to try this restaurant, but left highly disappointed.  I got a Cesar salad and lobster bisque soup...pretty basic, right? Apparently I was wrong. I am not a picky eater at all, but wow...both of these items were terrible.  I didn't complain and kept trying to eat more thinking maybe it was just me, but then my husband tasted the soup and I have never seen him respond like he did. His response, "that soup is disgusting."Oh and along with my food being terrible and my husband's fries tasting like they were soaked in oil without being cooked, the air conditioning unit consistently dripped onto our table (and the table beside us had another A/C unit drip all over them too).  Mmmm yummmy addition to our food.  Gross.We also had to wait until our food came out before we were given a high chair for our one yr old. What a nice dinner it was.
4	Big View offers so much variety it's a great place when you have diverse tastes amongst your group or family to appease!  Something for everyone & all delish! Excellent value, we often get two meals out of our entrees. Dinner & lunch for tomorrow?  Hey, I'm down with that!  The beef brisket stroganoff is wow...SO good & the shrimp & grits- fabulous & unique from other versions I've tasted. Also, we met with Tina in the Big View's Bakery regarding our wedding cake. She was super helpful & kind and made the process pleasant and simple!
4	They have clam chowder on Sundays - best I've ever had! Kids can eat breakfast for dinner which is great for my pickiest.  Overall great food and staff! We will try again!
4	If you're in the Ballantyne area and are looking for a family-friendly joint with great breakfast or homemade desserts, this is your place. Their omelets are delicious. I'm not sure what they put into their grits, but it works! It's also one of the best dessert places in the area. The peanut butter brownie cheesecake is awesome.I think someone who works there is an iCarly fan because they put spaghetti tacos on the kid's menu. That satisfies the little ones. :D
1	Terrible. First time here too. Dry dry pancakes eggs were bland and sausage taste different than pork sausage. Won't be coming again
2	My family and I have been eating at Big View since it opened and have always enjoyed the food.  We just ate there this evening and were disappointed with our meals.  My son ordered the steak burger and only finished half of it because he said it was flavorless.  I tried it and agreed it definitely could use some seasoning.  My daughter ordered the sliders and the top bun was harder than it should be...under the heat lamps too long?  Stale?  I ordered the spinach pie and while it was just ok that is just a taste preference.  The issue I had was they put the cold salad on a hot plate which in turn wilted the lettuce.  Another thing I noticed is that most diners had a basket of bread which we were not offered. Wondering if it depends on what you order or just the whim of the server as to whether you get bread.  There are so many places to eat in the Ballantyne area that a restaurant really needs to be on their A game at all times.  Tonight Big View wasn't even close.  I probably will give them another chance but it will be a very long time from tonight.
3	I've been hearing about Big View Diner for some time but its kind of off the beaten path for me so I hadn't had the chance to try it until recently.  I have to say, I wasn't that impressed.  It seems like this place can't make up its mind.  Am I a diner?  Am I a bakery?  Am I a bar?  Who knows?  My dining companion and I tried it out on Labor Day.  Because of the holiday, they were offering brunch in addition to the regular menu.  Yay!  I am a big brunch fan!  There's a good mixture of breakfast and alcohol...what's not to like, right?  I ordered a mimosa and he ordered a Seven and Seven.  Waitress trips off to the bar and returns to tell us that they do not have the first of those Seven's.  Okay.  No problem.  How about Crown Royal instead?  Off she goes again, returning with a small rocks glass containing just the Crown Royal.  Apparently, the second of those Seven's got lost in the confusion.  We called the waitress back and asked for the mixer, which was graciously provided, albeit in a really large glass which diluted the drink to a very weak consistency.  Now, for the food.  I had the Eggs Florentine Benedict with home fries.  Nicely done, the poached egg was perfect and the ratio of sauce, egg, tomato and spinach was quite good.  Home fries were okay, nothing to write home about but a very acceptable side dish.  Dining Companion had a burger and fries.  Nothing spectacular to recommend either but the burger was a good size and was cooked well.  The fries were crisp, salty and not even slightly greasy.  Altogether, the meal was okay.  Not good enough to have me traipsing way back out there but....good.
3	Food and service very good.   Overall we love decor but place is getting run down.   Many seats have large  tears which look terrible.   I hope they fix this ASAP.
2	The food looks great, but it didn't taste fresh, my daughter's first time tasting chicken and waffles and the chicken had to be cooked in old oil.
4	Restaurant quality food at a diner!This place reminds me of New York/Jersey diners, but the food here is generally better.  Big View should please everyone with a wide variety of choices.  It's simple, reliable, and delicious.  I have tried many things on the menu and it is all good but I prefer the lunch items over breakfast.  I really like their soups and salads.  They market their desserts here with a big display at the entrance.  I have only tried couple of them but they were very good.Last year I ordered Thanksgiving dinner here for my whole family.  Everything was delicious and we all loved it.  I am planning on doing the same this year.  Thanks Big View!
2	The host's desk does not seem to have trained personnel.  They kept us waiting though no other customers needed their services.  Then they seated my young daughter and me in the bar section; do they not like children?  When we returned to be reseated, they said they were cleaning a table for us (there were lots of free tables), then finally sat us in a booth.   The head hostess seemed so cold toward us; the others were nicer.   Lots of bad bodings even before we're were seated!   Luckily the food was OK (the napa salad was actually great!).  The waitress was good and fixed our problems quickly.  I hope they improve their front personnel.
3	We arrived just after 11:30 on Sunday morning and were quoted 15 minutes. A good crowd and the wait was right on time. After 15 minutes we were seated and approached from our waiter. We ordered drinks and checked out the menu. We ordered the sweet potato pancakes and an omelet, can't remember the name, but it was with mushrooms, Swiss cheese, and spinach. On a side note, I ordered the omelet with egg whites. The food arrived and looked great, but upon cutting into my omelet it was not cooked. We were unable to find our waiter so I grabbed another waitress and she was so embarrassed by the runny egg whites. Instead of remaking an omelet they re-heated or cooked my already cut omelet and brought it back. It was cooked, but I was a little disappointed that it was not fresh and by then my side of potatoes were cold. The pancakes were very good. Overall the service wasn't great and I do wish they approached correcting an uncooked omelet better.
3	The food at Big View always is excellent. Unfortunately it takes more than great food to make a place exceptional. The decor is intended to look upscale, but it is starting to show it age. The booths have the top layers of pleather pealing in multiple places, giving a run down and dirty first impression. Seat bottoms and cushions are worn out on somewhat uncomfortable depending on where you happen to get seated.Service tends to be hit or miss depending on which server you happen to get. Be prepared to wait a while until your drink gets refilled. The food on the other hand is excellent. I have been here several times over the last year or so, and have never been disappointed in the quality, taste or quantity of food served. There is a great selection of bakery/dessert items. Be sure to try and save some space for some of these goodies. Overall Big View Dinner is well worth a visit, just don't take someone here for a first date, at least not until they get around to making some repairs or upgrades to the seating.
2	This place has taken a turn for the worse. Tables falling apart, booths ripped up, paint peeling from the sides of tables, tape all over--wow. Food has gotten worse, too. Unfortunately, I can't recommend BVD anymore. Hope they can fix it.
3	I was expecting this place to be really good but it was just average. Ordered the fried zucchini app and it was undercooked and the batter was not all the way fried. My daughters sausage patties were dry and overcooked. I had meatloaf which was pretty good. The mashed potatoes and green beans were the best things we had.
5	WOW! THE BEST grilled rainbow trout I've ever had. And for less than $10? that's crazy !
2	Well, I'm from the NY metro area originally and was hoping to find a northern diner experience here. Although the food wasn't bad, it just lacked that northern Greek Diner touch.The one thing that totally turned me off was them bringing our meals to the table without  them being complete. So I sat there with my burger getting cold, waiting for my french fries. "They'll be out in just a few moments sir."  A manager stopped by to ask if everything was ok, to which I replied, "It would be nice to eat my french fries WITH my burger!"  Bringing meals to the table before they are ALL complete is one of the cardinal sins in the restaurant business.(another one is clearing the table before EVERYONE is done eating).The burger was tasty and cooked as ordered. The portion of meat was about half the size you would get up north though. Ketchup was provided in a small cup(no bottle on the table) and of course there wasn't enough to finish the fries with. Real diners provide the bottle on the table so the patrons can use as much as they like. DON"T SKIMP on the ketchup for goodness sake!Although I may seem overly critical, the restaurant is the closest to a diner that we have in these parts. I would not drive half an hour just to go here again, but would come back if I was close by.
2	For starters, the food is always really good. The service.....drives me nuts and makes me not go there as often.I truly appreciate fast service, but consistently being asked if I want to order dessert while I'm only 1/2 way through dinner makes me feel incredibly rushed. Not to mention when they clear my plate while my wife is still eating dinner makes her feel rushed. Now, if we go there at all, all we think about is whether the waitress is going to rush us out of there. I understand its a business, but this is not good service, faster is not always better. I'm from NY and we like things fast, except when we are trying to enjoy a nice meal. Solutions??
2	The food at Big View is decent but the service is slooooooooow. Like, unbelievably slow. Not just during one visit, but on all of them. My parents also agree, they started going to Big View in hopes of something similar to the NY/NJ diners they were used to, and quit going because everything took way too long. Very disappointing.
4	Been here many times.  I really do actually enjoy the place but can't quite give it 5 stars.  I would say that it more about location (close to my home) than food only because I find it to be a little expensive.  $10-$12 for an omelete is a little steep for this guy.  Other than that, I ventured away from the omeletes and got one of the eggs benedict choices.  Eggs Benedict Crabcake style!  That was a perfect mixture of crunchy crabcake, muffin and hollandaise sauce.  Great call there!  Overall, you will enjoy.  Just avoid the crazy busy times like Sunday brunch after church goers start rolling through.  Yikes!-Ian M.
4	Very nice place. Too nice to have diner in the name. Very classy. The calamari was awesome and the crab cake sandwich was good. Friend had patty melt she said was awesome. The fries were awesome shoestring type. The classy atmosphere had a classy price but I would definitely go again when in the area.
4	Booths and chairs recently got new upholstery. Looks much better now. Now you can actually bring someone here on a date.
2	This was my 3rd visit to BVD since it opened. The first 2 times we were there I was unimpressed with the food, but my family wanted to try it again, so we went this Sunday for brunch. The "all day breakfast" menu was all we were allowed to have since the regular breakfast menu ends at 11am. While disappointed, we understood. We were seated in the bar area after a brief wait and initially, service was good but went downhill fast. Our server was also bartending, so wearing 2 hats began to affect our service, we ordered my daughter's milkshake 3x. I give our server 5 stars though, he had a great attitude and was very nice, apologizing for our wait. The pimento stuffed jalapenos are HUGE!, but lacking in taste in a big way, no kick and the pimento cheese was runny and bland. The corned beef hash left my NJ, diner loving fiance unimpressed, as did my own greek omelet that was overcooked. The home fries really aren't "fries" but smushed greasy potatoes. Neither of us ate ours. On a brighter note, my teenage daughter liked her sliders and fries. We waited a long time between apps and our main dishes as well. I hate to give poor reviews, especially to Xenia, as we are big Ilios Noche fans, but after a third unimpressive experience at Big View, we won't be back.
3	Great food and great menu! I come here for personal and business reasons and the food itself is fantastic. Service is sub-par, at best. My last visit was very irritating, you be the judge.I placed a carry out order and they forgot to put my dessert in the bag. I called them when I arrived home and they said they would give me an extra one for the inconvenience. When I got there, they only have me one. I didn't bother asking for a free one. Shouldn't the manager go "above and beyond" and at the very least insist on something free for the inconvenience?I'm not looking for a free handout, I'll certainly return since I love their food. But, the restaurant industry is so competitive and I know other places would feel as if they should've done something for the customers inconvenience. That's my two cents!
4	I love Big View!  The food is great and so many choices that everyone in my family. My favorite is their breakfast menu, from the Crab Benedict to the Spanish Omelet, you cannot go wrong.  But, cannot forget about the awesome Big View Chocolate Cake...if you have never had it, it's a MUST!
3	unfortunately last night's visit was terrible. my "stuffed flounder" contained a scant, 3 finger width of actual flounder, propped up to appear like more by mostly cups of rice. then, a group of 12 came in just after we started eating....and we never saw our waiter ever again. We waited 20 minutes during which we asked 2 other waiters to rescue us.  When our check was presented, it incorrectly included desert which we never received. To add insult to injury, it took another 15 minutes to remove the desert cost.... which they were unable to do correctly.
4	Great breakfast! I like that it looks cartoony, it drives people who judge a book by its cover away. Fast friendly service, and the coffee is actually great. I love Greek run diners
4	Huge menu with so many choices that it takes 30 minutes to figure out what you want.First time here, I ordered a salad for lunch. The salad with chicken. Salad was good but chicken was too salty.Second time here, I ordered fish for dinner. Fish was really good.I think you would come here for variety.
2	I've gone about five times now for some Sunday lunches and was only pleased once in all those times. Like some of the reviewers, I'm originally from the north where diners are nice and plentiful but I was looking for a good diner in SC. The food here was always ok to just bland (save for their french fries which were always good). The one thing I got that was amazing was a bbq burger that they removed from their menu for some reason.  Service has always been terrible. You'll stand around waiting to be seated for a long time and by the time you sit the servers take 15 minutes to greet you and you'll only see them maybe 3 more times from there. The day I had the bbq burger the air conditioner was dripping (it dripped on me a few times) and their solution was to have their dish boy mop the vent over the customers. A lot of dust came off those vents despite the condensation. Their prices are also a little higher then other restaurants. For the price and quality you might as well go to a chain restaurant.
2	I know, I know, my last review says I won't be back.  This time I mean it.  I was persuaded by a friend and succumbed to the pressure.I'll get this out of the way, the service was fine.  Nothing to complain about.  Even though we complained about 2 of the meals we had they handled it with professionalism.I had the turkey burger, which sounds great on the menu.  It was bland, flavorless and had way too much bread.  In the industry they call this "bun coverage" and this freaking burger didn't come close to covering the footprint of the bun.  The people they have cooking in the back obviously don't know how to check a burger for doneness since there was a big hunk taken out of the burger where they hacked it with their spatula.My buddy ordered the steak wrap (whatever it's called on the menu) and it was served "burrito style" (note there's a difference between a burrito and a wrap) with so much rice in it and virtually no steak.  For like $11.00 he complained and they fixed it.My sweet, innocent baby girl who only eats pizza and French fries shared my way too salty French fries that were served with my burger and had to order a flatbread off the menu for $9.00 which had a big hair in it when it was served.  Since we complained about the "wrap" the Manager came over and said "Yeah, the waitress said there was a problem and asked me to come over?"  We told him the deal on the pizza and he asked "did you send it back?" and when we responded he just walked away.  That's it, no apology or anything.  So, we ordered a cheese flatbread with nothing else for a kid were charged full price and got an extra hair in our serving?  The people that own this place are "professionals" right?  What the heck?  Train your Managers how to handle issues when they come up.Plus the outside dining area was unkempt and very dirty.  French fries and food debris were all over the place. Flavorless, overpriced, but PACKED.  I think people want this type of restaurant, but Big View IMO doesn't execute well at all.
5	Had dinner there the other night for the first time. Their sesame salmon sandwich was to die for. Easily the best salmon sandwich I've ever had. Atmosphere is great as well. Staff is very friendly. No real complaints at all.
2	Not impressed with this place! The service is great, but the food, No! Started with rissoto balls. They were way to mushy, had the brisket sandwich and fries. A complete joke. I have had better fries at McDonalds. Will not be back!
3	Shoddy, over compensating food. French onion soup? More like onions and bread with some actual soup. Would be way better if they simplified their food and condensed their menu. Best part is the milkshakes and the service. Always nice, polite and smiling.Don't come in if you're hot and just want a glass of water though. Everything is over-priced and the breakfast menu is the best one. Good for a family experience like brunch, not much else.
2	Huge menu with lots of choices! I ordered the balsamic chicken which was delicious...asparagus, goat cheese and balsamic made the dish! My boyfriend had the thyme chicken. It was dry and stringy and his plate was chipped.  When he told the waitress she laughed and asked if we wanted the dessert menu (?) The manager then came by and asked how everything was. Same response oh thats unsusual...sorry. Nothing more than that! He ended up eating the rest of my food.
5	Best selection, best quality, best prices...Frank and Angelo make you feel at home. You can go in your sweats if you want! Best in Ballantyne!
5	Great normal american dinner. Really nothing more to say. Pretty much everything is good for a dinner.
3	As soon as I walked in the servers were super friendly! Apparently my laugh is quite infectious and they were all happy to see me. Sweet! Now...let's get to the food! I tried the chicken and waffles, and while not the best I've ever had, it was yummy! The waffle was delicioso! It was light and crispy, just how I like it! And guess what! They had bacon maple syrup! Mmmmmm!The chicken was ok...it was pretty much a chicken tender set on top of the waffle. While well seasoned, I've had better. They were massive though, and made for a perfect midnight snack later after a night out.All in all, I enjoyed my experience here and will return to try some of the other yummy sounding offerings on their menu!
3	Service was not rude, but slow and unattentive. When asked what teas were available, answer was: "sweet and unsweet". The waitress has to be hunted down for coffee refills and any other requests. Food is a hit or miss depending on the items chosen. The greek omelet was good, but the farmer tom (veggie) was completely tasteless and the only thing i could taste in the breakfast potatoes was black pepper.
4	Excellent service and the Asian pork was amazing!!! It was on special but they are putting it in the menu!! Reminds me of NYC!
2	The burger I got was not good, it had absolutely no taste and the patty looked like it came right out of shrink wrap and was just heated under a light. The fries were mushy cold and undercooked. Had to send it back and go somewhere else. It's a shame because the place looks pretty good. But I won't be back.
4	Excellent food and service. The banana pudding is great!  My main entree was the steak burger which was excellent as well. We had to wait about 25 minutes for our seat, but it was worth it!
1	Poor service right from the start we waited 45 mins for table when they told us 15 mins max, we were there for breakfast at 9:30am when we left it was time for lunch. I give it another year and they will be out of business you have to turn over tables quicker then every 2 hours. Food is fair to poor. S U C K SUCK SUCK SUCK!!!
4	Had breakfast here this morning. Arrived at 9:30, party of 2, was seated in 10 minutes. Service was fast and friendly; I had coffee within 2 minutes of being seated. The Greek Omelette was great; loaded with ingredients. My dad had the pancakes with strawberries and whipped cream and they were AWESOME. Took a bit longer than it should have to get the check, but overall, it was great. I'll definitely be back.
3	We had a quick group work lunch at Big View Diner, and it was the first for all five of us. The restaurant, belying its name, is a big, spacious, airy diner, with a nice buildout and great relaxed feel (nothing loud or harried about it, although it was fairly empty at lunchtime). The restaurant is very clean, it has a nice bar area and big encased dessert display. Service was very friendly. We split two apps of falafel, which came out like twohuge crab cakes, surrounded by pepper sauce, taziki, salad and pillowy wedges of warm pita bread (very tasty). We all enjoyed the falafel.The menu is quite diverse and a little perplexing, ranging from Greek and Middle Eastern, salads, sandwiches, pastas, to traditional American breakfasts and southern favorites like chicken 'n waffles and pork chops with stuffing. The "pick two" selections looked hearty and generous (whole toasted sandwiches or salads served with big bowls of soup). I opted for a chicken souvlaki wrap - it was big, tasty and fresh; the chicken was tender and juicy if rather underseasoned.Very good place to stop for lunch, at reasonable prices.
3	It was ok. Long wait on a Sunday after church. $40+ for 3 is a little overpriced for just a diner. Service was a little slow. Food tasted good (Belgian waffle, gyro wrap, wings entree). Table was wobbly and coming apart around the edges. Bathrooms were generally clean.
2	I visited big view diner for third time tonight and have to say I was very disappointed in the food.  I think there was not even 2 ounces of meat in my stroganoff and what was in there was tough and stringy.  For what I paid for it, I expected it to be good.  It was definitely a letdown and made me think the extra 20 minute drive I took to get good food should be in another direction from now on.  3 pieces of mushrooms and a tiny piece of what was called "brisket" was definitely not worth it.  Service was great which was only reason I put 2 stars!  Too bad food didn't match.
3	This used to be 4 stars, but unfortunately the food quality has really dropped in the last couple of years.  The corned beef hash is still awesome and the selection of desserts is good, but most recent dishes I have tried are not what they used to be.
1	When did customer service die? I have no idea but it does not exist here. I had an interview in Ballentyne and I had some downtime between appointments. I went here to do a little work on my laptop and enjoy a light lunch. I waited until well after the lunch rush around 2 PM. Since I was there on my own, I sat in the bar area. My order was not terribly complicated. I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich and turkey chili combo. My food arrived after a moderate wait and looked appetizing. The grilled cheese sandwich was well prepared but the turkey chili was repulsive. Think about Hormel chili being dumped out of a can and then over seasoned to the point that it was inedible and you have an idea of how bad this was. The problem was worsened by the fact  that my server did not check back on me once during the entire meal. My tea was never refilled and nobody came by to ask "How is your meal?" which is generally considered to be Restaurant 101. My server seemed to be more focused on chatting with friends and doing her side work so that she could punch out on time. When someone arrived after the meal was clearly finished, she finally asked if everything was ok. I told her that the chili was inedible. It was clear that I had only taken one bite and then pushed it aside. She apologized and then brought the check which included a charge for the uneaten chili. I had an appointment scheduled and decided that $5 worth of chili was not worth dealing with drama. I paid the check and left. At least I know a restaurant to avoid the next time I am in Charlotte, NC.
3	We were here last Saturday night for late dinner, service was great,the food,not so much. The atmosphere kinda reminds me of cheese cake factory. Their menu is like the combination of Cheesecake Factory and IHOP.My bf ordered the chicken paillard,and I ordered the Greek meze platter and a piece of pancake. The pancake was really tasty and it's served with warm syrup,I would definitely order them again. My bf liked his dish, it's grilled herb spiced chicken with jasmine rice and arugula salad, My Greek platter, however,  I didn't enjoy it much. The chicken "kabob" is basically 2 pieces of grilled chicken and its seasoning is not great and a bit too salty for me. The red pepper feta spread is meh, and the tzatziki sauce is a bit too tangy too. The pita bread is also too flat and almost crispy like pita chips. The Greek salad that comes with it is pretty good , other than that I didn't like anything on my plate. I think I will give them another try next time, hopefully it won't be disappointing again.
5	Frank and his staff make this dining experience even more pleasant with their friendly table visits - the food is awesome and the desserts are fabulous ! To see the dessert case and not order dessert would just be sad ... The breakfast menu that is served all day every day adds another fabulous touch to an already great variety of options on the menu- you can find everything from meatloaf or full turkey dinner including sage dressing to fabulous crab cakes or even a delicious steak salad ... The breakfast omelet is one of my favorites  although I have to say I haven't had a bad meal yet ! Great menu selection ! Desserts that are delectable and atmosphere that is casual but classy ... The Big View Diner is the place to go ! Don't miss this one !!! Two thumbs way up !!! Thanksgiving is coming and the deserts there will sure to be on our family table thus year !!!
1	Decided to eat dinner at Big View tonight. Big mistake! Arrived around 7:15pm and seated right away. It was a moderate crowd. After being seated at our table, we waited at least ten minutes waiting for someone to take our order. Just as i was getting up to find a manager, our server showed up. By now it was 7:30pm. We ordered two sodas and calamari appetizer. She (our server) brought us our drinks and took our dinner order, chicken souvlaki and chicken parmesan. After about twenty minutes, our appetizer had not arrived. My wife was starting to get irritated thinking we would get our appetizer with the entree. Finally the appetizer came. The calamari was lukewarm and chewy. However, the sauce was delicious and why I am giving one star on this review. My wife's salad arrived soon after and brought to us by a manager. We forgot to ask for refills and instead waited on server to come back. Another mistake. We could see her chatting behind the bar with same manager (red shirt). She was making gestures like she was choking him and he did the same back. Having a big time. Meanwhile we are watching many tables finish meals, pay their bills and leave. My wife was beside herself. Our drinks had not been refilled once nor had she come around to check on us. At 8:15 our entrees arrived and was brought to us by the manager not the server. My wife complained about the lack of attention and time it took. The manager was obviously patronizing to my wife with a total lack of empathy. She let him no that as well. He just walked away. The server came over with menus apologizing and offering free dessert. However, we were disgusted at this point and declined. We paid for our meal and left. Food ok but horrible service. We won't be back.
3	Food here is tasty and well done. Cleanliness is another story. Went for breakfast with my 12 year old daughter and we sat at the bar. Food on the placemats. Food all over the footrest-bar. It was old food - as if they'd cleaned, but didn't do it well enough...multiple times. I've always liked the food. Service is fine. Let's hope the mgt improves the cleanliness.
5	Life is short eat desert first ... Certainly applies to this mid priced but upscale diner ! The deserts are amazing - and the meals are as well. Haven't had a bad meal yet . Frank and his team go overboard at making this diner feel like a classy step back in time ! The menu has everything from bacon & eggs to turkey & sage stuffing ! If you can't find a fabulous meal here you're not looking ! The food presentations are intentionally spectacular and the flavors are bursting with appeals to every pallet ! I should work there ! I love it !
5	Life is short eat desert first ... Certainly applies to this mid priced but upscale diner ! The deserts are amazing - and the meals are as well. Haven't had a bad meal yet . Frank and his team go overboard at making this diner feel like a classy step back in time ! The menu has everything from bacon & eggs to turkey & sage stuffing ! If you can't find a fabulous meal here you're not looking ! The food presentations are intentionally spectacular and the flavors are bursting with appeals to every pallet ! I should work there ! I love it ! Don't miss the Thanksgiving meal! That would just be sad ! They do all the cooking
4	Been here for Breakfast, ordered take out for lunch in the past and just had dinner here.Big View Diner has a very unique architectural design. When we first drove by it, it was like a building from the 50' or 60's. It is from a different time frame. You really want to stop and check out the place. Yes, this is a diner but more of a fine dining aura. As you walk in the door you are greeting by two hostess in the center. To the left is the bar area and to the right is the display area of all the cakes and deserts. It's like a bakery. We had a slice of the opera cake (definitely to be shared by two).As for dinner entrees, there was a good selection to choose from. We really lucked out this evening. Two delicious entrees. -Beef Stroganoff- the brisket blended with the dill and the creamy sauce they used made it so scrumptious. Just brings back memories of my travels to Eastern Europe. Like something rich and hearty when I was in Budapest and had authentic Hungarian Goulash.-Spinach pie- feta cheese drapped all over the spinachand to end the evening off with a gigantic slice of Opera Cake. Too bad no Cappucino nor Expresso.
3	We waited 45 minutes for a booth on a Saturday night. Both bars had open seating. We started with the Kung Pao Calamari and it was awesome!  Very tasty and they gave us chopsticks :) fun! Our waitress was friendly and witty at first. Then as she had to cover a party of 10, she became laser focused on their needs and neglected us completely :( Our meals came missing items promised and we waited for quite a few minutes to have them retrieved. Drink refills took a couple requests per refill. (But she kept them coming for the table of 10! I felt like taking our glasses to their table) My turkey Reuben was ok... it was thick sliced turkey meat instead of deli meat which would have been preferred. I would not order it again for sure.  The sweet potato fries did not live up to the waitress's description and I wouldn't order them again either. My hubby got the Challah french toast which was good but it doesn't compare to the Midnight Diner's french toast. He enjoyed the grits and said that the scrambled eggs with cheese were "alright". The apple smoked bacon was too crispy and not memorable. The decor was pretty interesting and unexpected as you walk inside. Not your typical diner decor! Despite the obvious issues found on this visit, we will return and try them again. The menu is vast and we would like to give it a few more tries!
3	Update: Too much of a good thing is a bad thing. For the last two months we were probably at BIg View twice a week. The service and food seemed to trail off during the holidays, and just after Christmas we were even sold extremely stale and old cookies from their bakery. Because of this we haven't been back in the New Year.Previous Review: The hubby and I eat here about once a week. Have had a ton of things on the menu and everything has always tasted great. Breakfast plates, french toast, pancakes. Shrimp & grits, chicken souvlaki, spinach pastry, greek salad, crab cake. All tasty! And we love their bakery. The service is generally very friendly and on point. Don't recommend eating at the bar in view of the kitchen because it gets chaotic, but otherwise enjoy dining here. Definitely recommend.
4	Every Single Time .... Delicious food - excellent service - affordable prices = best place to eat  two thumbs way up
