4	This fish and chip shop is located in bruntsfield.It has great chippys and battered food to take away.You can also sit in as it has a few seats at the window.
1	one word - yuck.I used to live in Bruntsfield as a student and so would frequent the local take-aways. Globetrotters was, without a shadow of a doubt, the worst. The chips were disgusting, worse than Macdonals or Burger King and the fish...oh my God call that fish? It was like cardboard. Totally tasteless and dripping in grease. Also, the staff were not pleasant, leeching on all the young girls in the shop (not just me) and making the whole experience quite unenjoyable. If you want fish and chips, or anything for that matter, go elsewhere.
3	As a fan of Fish & Chips I always like trying out new places, seeing if any can match the quality of my favourite chip shop in Anstruther. In Edinburgh, this has proved to be a challenging task, with many chip shops providing soggy, horrible fish or chips which have not been fried for long enough!However, Globetrotter was, to my surprise, quite a good chip shop. The fish has consistently been good, not great, but good. And on must occasions the chips have been crisp! However, I am not always to enthusiastic to pay near enough six pounds for a fish supper which is just well, good! That is why I would advise you to try the smoked sausage supper! Less than four pounds, this chip shop knows how to fry a perfect smoked sausage alongside some crispy chips!Globetrotters also do burgers, pizzas and all the normal suppers you expect in a chip shop. If you fancy a chippy one day, then you will be hard pushed to find a better one in Bruntsfield!
1	I don't know why I went back, but I did.I should have re-read my previous review to remind me how absolutely horrible the food here is. It's dripping in fat it's chewy (are chips meant to be chewy?) and the staff eye you up suspiciously. I felt like a criminal.
3	When they said they didn't have any fried pizzas I had a mini breakdown. Maybe it was meant to be for my arteries sake. Once I'd finally brought my head back up from the counter I decided to have a white pudding supper instead. The white pudding was delcious. I also had a red cola because I'm a gangster.
