5	Great place. Have been in and out of here even though I live in peoria. The staff is always courteous and kind. Very accomidating. Last night again was a rough night and day for me. But at least I knew I could come here. Cheap and fast internet too. Clean sheets , the basics are provided.
1	Bad.  Filthy room, filthy grounds, filthy people everywhere.  An armed person couldn't feel safe walking to and from their room at this place.  The Tom Bodett commercials certainly don't describe this dump.  If you're looking for a clean, comfortable room, this isn't it.  You could find a cleaner spot behind most dumpsters in Phoenix.  If this Motel 6 was my only option, I would sleep in the car or keep driving.
1	DO NOT GO OUTSIDE AT NIGHT! There are scary people everywhere, and lots of shouting happening all around! There is a group of 4 guys who I think are brothers, and who might've been mentally challenged, and they all stay in the hallway by the pool shouting and working on their bicycles. One of them adopted me as his best friend, and stood really close to me all the time whenever I walked by. Whenever I would try to go to the pool, he followed me in and sat in a chair next to me. Like RIGHT next to me, so close that I was having anxiety attacks. I was here for Spring Training, and tried to spend most of my time at the ballpark, so I wouldn't have to be here! I stayed in room 130, and my first night, there was a bloodstain on my bedsheets! So aside from becoming the unwitting best friend to a lonely boy with no sense of personal space, having a bloodstain on my bed, and being generally terrified for my life outside of my room, my stay was great. There is a decent burger place, Burger Mania, next to it, so there is that.
3	Ok for the $$, you get what you pay for. Not to bad for a quick 1 or 2 night stay when lookin for a cheap place to sleep. Bed not to bad, old sheets and blankets, make sure to ask for extra pillows and towels. Won't hurt to bring your disinfectant, I always bring a cheap can when traveling! No soap is supplied, the people that "hang around" a little on sketchy side, but what do u expect on the price, good note they have security that walks around at all times. Both the night check in guy and the lady in the AM where very nice.
1	I give this hotel 1/2 star because the 80's TV worked.  Non smoking room with an ashtray!   Smelled like a combination of smoke , dirt and urine.  The heater doesn't work, just blows cold.  Beds very hard and lumpy, sheets stinky.  daughter who can sleep anywhere,  asked to sleep in the car.
