5	best steakhouse in vegas. i know everyone has their own favorite steak in sin city, but this is where i like to go. last year i almost flew a boyfriend to vegas just to go to The Palm for dinner on his birthday. its that good.
5	i wouldn't say this is the best steakhouse in vegas (see delmonico), but i did have a 5 star worthy steak, along with professional and authentic (read: new yorker) waiter.  having lived a half block from palm and palm2 on 45th street for several years, i was not disappointed.  this place is not the same "sawdust on the ground" type new york institution, but still is a great steakhouse nonetheless.
5	This is a great casual restaurant.  Great food with service to match.  You will not leave hungry.
5	Never a bad meal!  The service is outstanding; on my last trip, the waitress doubled as the sommelier very capably.  The red meat is cooked to perfection (read: not cooked much at all); they get the caprese salad just right, with a thick slice of onion and tomatoes full of flavor; the family-style sides are great and plentiful; the wine is not overpriced; and the desserts are inviting, even if you're too full to partake.  It won't be cheap, nor will it be as much as Nobu.
5	I didn't realize that this was a conglomerate of other Palm restaurant...as the one in Dallas...Delectable appetizers:the calamari frittis of course and the generous crab meat cocktail...one sure to be try is their famous Hearts of Palm salad- an Agassi fave ;-)Of course their selection of fish , meat and pasta sure to cater to every -vore around...Warm friendly service :-)
5	Wow.  I had to go here after reading the reviews.  We headed here for a bachelor party.  It was my first time at Palm even though they have one up north in Northbrook, IL.  Service was great.  They sat down our group of eight quickly.  I have to always try out lobster bisque and their bowl of it was pretty good.  I went for a Dry Aged NY Strip (I never order this) and was blown away by it.  It was massive and damn, damn good.The highlight was the creamed spinach.  I use the Lawry's one to compare, but they threw in some extra cheese or something. It was like tasting Parmigiano Reggiano for the first time. It was the best thing I've tasted in awhile.  The creamed corn was superb as well.I'm definitely going to the one in Northbrook sometime in the near future.
5	I wasn't too excited when I sat down to look at the menu at the Palm - being vegetarian, there wasn't a whole lot to choose from (this is a steakhouse). But I found a tomato mozarella salad that was large enough to be an entree when combined with some vegetarian side dishes that my family ordered to go along with their meaty entrees. Everything was seriously delicious - I particularly loved the wild mushroom side dish. The mozzarella in my salad was soft and moist and they brought me olive oil and balsamic vinegar so I could dress the salad to my liking. The entrees arrived just as my sister's 7-month-old got fussy, and she had to leave the table for a few minutes to walk the baby around. While she was gone, the waiter took her entree back to keep it warm, and as soon as she returned to the table he brought her dish right out to her without us even having to ask.Our server asked if we'd ever dined at the Palm before, and we hadn't. So, he comped our desserts. It was a really nice touch that I have never experienced at a restaurant before. This guy was a consummate professional, a career steakhouse waiter who has worked at five different Palm locations in the US and Mexico, we found out. He made the experience super pleasant for us. The decor is pretty traditional steakhouse, with personality added in the form of celebrity caricatures on all the walls. My feet were killing me the night I dined here, so I wore sneakers, and didn't feel like I was getting nasty looks from the staff for doing so - a big plus for me - if I can't wear sneakers somewhere, I'd rather not go.Do go to the Palm Restaurant if you're in Vegas. You'll enjoy awesome food as well as awesome service.
4	The Palm has been a secret amongst Las Vegans for years, the pri fix power lunch will beat any steakhouse lunch out there. One of the few open for lunch, but since it's in the forum shops it has to be. Order the 15.95 lunch and you can choose from a small steak or piece of fish, and a couple other items and with it you get potatoes as a side and veggies and coffee at the end. Add a glass of wine and for under $25 bucks you have the most decadent lunch. I have not been here for dinner, but sitting inside with a friend having a long lunch is one of my favorite things to do at Ceasers. The staff is incredible and made a lunch with my mom extra special not too long ago. Two thumbs up, and I will continue to go again and again to this place!
2	Boy, I hate to write a bad review of this place on the day when it is ROTD but I just got back from Vegas and was planning on it anyways!I have eaten at this location 5 or 6 times and always had a great meal.  This past Monday was NOT great at all.  We sat in the bar at around 7 p.m. for dinner.  Our bartender, a girl, was sweating.  Literally, she had sweat around her hair line.  There were 3 empty seats on her 1/2 of the bar.  She was waiting on about 8 people total.  Our food came S-L-O-W-L-Y.  We had a salad, a steak and some sides.  Basically to sum it up, everything that was supposed to hot was cold (bread, steak, onion rings and fries) and everything that was supposed to be cold was warm (butter, salad).The whole meal was a let down.  Bummer!
4	Three magic words:  Business Lunch Special.A few more words:  FIlet mignon, potatoes, salad, bread, coffee or tea -- all for $19.50.  (Up from $14.50 a few years back, but still, what a decadent lunch for 20 bucks.)  They have other entree choices for the special, but....  I wish they had this deal in Los Angeles.  Sigh.Not a lot of variety to the menu, and dinner prices are astronomically higher, but terrific quality items, and very professional wait staff.   Definitely a Vegas vacation lunch tradition.  I've even taken a cab straight from the airport.
5	A great steakhouse, with a traditional menu, excellent service and a nice atmosphere.  I've been to the Palm in Tyson's Corner VA, which is equally nice, but it was a work event in a private room so it was hard to judge.  So when we realized we didn't have reservations, but the Palm in Vegas could take us for dinner, I jumped at the chance.  It was pricey, but very worth the money.  I had a gut-busting 26 ounch slice of heavenly prime rib - and it was cooked perfectly.  The potatos au gratin were okay, but I like the ones at Ruths Chris better.  We were so full we didn't have dessert, which is too bad, because I've heard they're great here.  Overall a great, traditional restaurant.  If you're looking for fusion-this, nouveau-that food go elsewhere, but if you want an awesome steak (or salmon, which my wife had) this is the place to go.
4	I'll be quick: The food was great...except for the steak and the clams we ordered as appetizer.  I really enjoyed the bread (yes, i know it's free, but it's important) and the mashed potatoes and the mushroom sides were out of this world yummy yummy yummy.  The service was very good - the waiter was nice and helpful, he cut up our steak in two and brought it on separate plates (since we were splitting).  We ordered only one glass of wine, trying to keep the price down, but it was brought out in a little decanter and was enough for two full glasses - it worked out great!  The only thing - our steak was a bit overcooked (16oz sirloin at $40), but that maybe because they misunderstood our desire for medium as a medium well....  The clams oregano were a bit too oily and bread crumby.  In general, it was a good experience with large portions. (Price: $100 approx for one glass of wine, appetizer, $40 steak entree, 2 sides)
5	Not the best steakhouse in Vegas, but consistently very, very good (where others have been hit and miss.)  I usually go with the filet, but have also really enjoyed the Lobster or Swordfish over the years.  Lobster Bisque, salads, and desert are great too.
3	Good enough but not at all what I expected, I guess I just really did not feel the place (and all those weird drawings on the walls)... Went for lunch and had one of the "specials" @ $25 mmm it was a sort of Seafood platter with soup but I didnt feel it was all that to rave about, its overrated for sure.
4	Located in the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace.  The restaurant motif is consistent with other Palm Restaurants.  The walls are decked out in hundreds of Caricatures of celebrities over the past fifty years.  The restaurant is generally pretty crowded so waits can be a while.  But consider that you're inside an amazing shopping mall so just take your 45 min wait and get some shopping done.Lobster - I've tried the lobster on two different occasions.  They are monsters!  The first one was 5 1/2 lbs and the second was 6 lbs!!!  Both times, it was $23 per lb so do the math and it gets pretty steep.  If you get some sides (highly recommend the hashed browns), then you can split the lobster and be pretty stuffed.  Typically lobsters of this size are tough, chewy, with little flavor (the ideal size for texture anf flavor should be 1 1/2), but it was still great.  It's definitely more about the novelty of eating a lobster claw the size of your hand than it is about fine-dining.  The way the Lobster is cooked and served is split down the middle and broiled.  It's sprinkled lightly with parsley and served with drawn butter and lemon wedges.  Its not the best Lobster I've had, but its definitely the biggest and most satisfying serving of lobster I've ever had.  Either way, its definitely something to try.Filet Mignon - What a disappointment.  The first time around, it was bland, dry, and tough.  I specifically ordered Medium Rare and it was served medium to medium-well.  The second time I ordered it, again, it was bland, tough, and even MORE dry.  Granted the Filets are about 2 1/2 - 3 inches thick so its a little difficult to cook the steaks properly without charring the surface to hell.  Nevertheless, I was horribly disappointed on both occasions.  *Note - I tried the Bone-In Rib-Eye at the Los Angeles Location and it was a great steak.  Juicy, flavorful, and seared to perfection.  Perhaps the Filet Mignon is just the Achilles Heal of The Palm.
5	OMG!  My brother and I went there for dinner one evening.  We were having a bad day and were very cranky.  After receiving our steaks, we started to complain that all you get on the plate is the steak.  No decoration, sides sold separately, nothing great.  As we are complaining, we bit into our steaks and an E.F. Hutton moment overtook us.  From "I hate this place" to "This is one of the best steaks we've ever had, EVER!"  I can't say enough how great it was.  I like the location since it's near the forum shops as well as the casino.  Stop there for dinner when you plan your trip.
4	Off the hook. Delish. I went here with my boyfriend and his family while we were visiting Vegas and it was so good. It's located in the Caesars Palace Shop area so if you sit outside of the restaurant then it can get kinda noisy. I would have preferred to sit inside. I had a Filet mignon and it was awesome. The mashed potatoes were truffle infused and really good as well.  It's pretty pricey though.
4	Stopped in here as a fluke. Turned out to be an excellent dinner. Went a while back when I was just getting into drinking red wine and our waitress was more then helpful when choosing a great wine. We enjoyed the asparagus friti for an appetizer which was amazing. I could not help my self when ordering so I had to get lobster for dinner, it was a good choice. Loved the whole meal, also the great service we received. Very pricey but worth it for a good dinning experience and a great meal
3	You'll never have a bad meal at the Palm. It's rock solid. However, when in Vegas, I want something to thrill me. Stroke me. Let me feel revel in my debauchery to the fullest of my ability. Turns out the Palm is just stuffy. No eye candy. Just meat. Which is fine when I'm home but not when I'm dressed up trying to get into some trouble.
2	So overpriced and unsatisfying.    Believe me, there are so many better things to blow your money on in Vegas than on the Palm's average food, mediocre wine and inattentive service.   We ordered the mixed greens salad with a painful amount of vinegar.  We both got the 9 oz filet mignon.  Both were supposed to be medium rare, but mine came out dry and medium well.  I was dying for steak sauce to give it some flavor, but thought it might be rude to ask.    We paid an insane amount for wine that probably cost no more than $8 at the store (at least that's what it tasted like).    Next time we'll hold out for Nero's.
4	I miss this place.  It's been awhile.  Wow, I always forget that you can smoke in restaurants here.  No smoke police around.   Anyway, the food is awesome.  I only had a problem with the size of my filet.  I'm on vacation what the Hell am I going to do with the leftovers.  I don't mind paying the price, but chill on the portion.  I don't need the whole cow.  I can feed a small army on my dinner or 1 sumo wrestler. You know I will be back.
4	If food were a spectator sport. Then you outta know I'm a fan of MEAT. I love beef. I even love driving by farms and cattle and watching them and anticipating end products of skirt steaks and cuts of prime rib and  bone in ribeye. Yes that's what I got. Becuase I love meat. Of all the places in the mall to eat. You would never expect  a great quality piece of cow in the Forum shops. It exists in the Palm Chophouse. Belive me the size made me quiver in my panties if I owned any. Just like any other steakhouse, everything is pretty a la carte. Some people won't admit to gluttony because it's a sin. Well. I live in Vegas. Sin City...and what happens here stays here. So screw it. I'm a sinner.Meat is good. Veggies with your meat will make you feel better about yourself. But overall yes expensive and you will pay for quality and nostalgia. It's a really cool experience given the wait staff is...well you'll see :)
4	Pretty good steakhouse. Went here with a large group for a business dinner. The service was great. Very fast and efficient, which can be a challenge with a large group. The food was good. I had the sea bass, which I don't normally do at a steak house but I had had a big lunch. The sea bass was good, slightly on the bland side. The steak oscar which I think was a special and included a steak and lobster was awesome from what I hear. Bites were shared and all agreed it was delicious. The sides were good, nothing really stood out. What did stand out were the desserts. The carrot cake was off the charts from what I'm told. I didn't try that one because I had my hands full with the chocolate cake. This thing looked like rich top soil, it was so dark. The serving size was HUGE. The table of some 12 ordered one carrot cake and one chocolate cake to share and we couldn't finish either even though they were spectacular. I think I could have mustered up the courage to finish the chocolate cake but I didn't want to go into a food coma. The chocolate cake is very moist and nearly melts in your mouth with deliciousness.
5	a steakhouse that's not too fancy or ritzy. it's pretty laid back.the host, server, and even the manager asked if we were enjoying our meal; love the attentiveness.and as for the steak... i ordered my petit filet medium rare, but it was a little more cooked that that, but that's not something to deduct a star on.
4	While this is not my favorite steakhouse in Vegas, I have to say they gave us great service and the food was damned tasty.  The football on at the bar didn't hurt any either. I love playoffs, especially in mixed national company while traveling. Half the bar is rooting for one team, the other half is rooting for the other team. Creates the perfect tension for watching football and drinking too much.The DH and I shared a hearts of palm salad (my favorite thing at the Palm) something else and then a 14 oz filet mignon. The steak was cooked perfectly, although my favorite salad was a hair overdressed.  Ultimately I took off one star because when I think of 5 star worthy steakhouses in Vegas, I cannot help but think of SW steak, my HG steakhouse.
4	Ever walk into a place and feel like you're under dressed because of the ambiance but then everyone is in jeans? Don't feel as if you have to look super nice to come dine here.I had the 9oz  filet mignon which was cooked to my perfection - medium rare, and I pretty much finished the whole damn thing. :) You have to order sides to accompany your entree so I had the mashed potatoes...YUMMY! and asparagus which was steamed perfectly. I paired it with a glass of Trinchero Cab and they went well together. Also try the Atlantic Salmon fillet. Melts in your mouth! I'll definitely come back for some good steak next time!
5	I am a very picky Caesar salad person.  The dressing has to be just right, he croutons have to be crisp, and I appreciate a perfectly tossed salad.I should have ordered a double portion.   The plate of goodness was worth throwing my husband on the table and licking the plate.  The calamari appetizer was perfect... I love tentacle calamari... I know, gross, but it works out since my husband prefers the rings.  The service is always fantastic at Palm Restaurant.
4	Let me just start out by saying that we were seated outside of the restaurant on their 'patio' that looks out onto the shops in Caesar's Palace.  This felt like eating at a food court to me, so I was in kind of a strange mood, but I decided to be open minded.  Two dirty martinis helped me lighten up a good bit, so once the food started coming around I was a very happy fellow.  I ordered a Monday Night Salad, which, for what I paid for it should have been better; it was average at best.  When the meal finally came out, I was basically in glutton heaven.  We ordered (for a table of 4), a 6 lb. lobster and a bone-in rib-eye with three sides (three-cheese potatoes, creamed spinach, and brussel sprouts served with lobster in a madeira wine sauce).  The lobster was phenomenal and they left the roe in the body cavity so that made it that much more decadent!  The steak was good, but came out a bit cooler than I had hoped for.  The sides, well, you read the description earlier; they were flavorful and heavy and terrible for me, but delicious.  After that meal I needed a nap, but we sat and I finished my big glass of wine while my crazy father ordered dessert!  The food here is nothing revolutionary, but it comes in big portions and is very tasty.  Maybe not worth the bill at the end, but I had a nice time, so put a price-tag on that!
4	I had a great time at Palm!  My 'Fiance took me here because it's one of his favorite's because the food is constently great.  Went here for my birthday and sat out on the patio area.  The service and food were both very good.  Love the atmosphere out on the patio.  Ceasars is already one of my favorite Hotels - I will definately be going back to Palm.
5	We found out about this place from Tony the Limo Driver.  I CANNOT THINK OF THE WAITRESS THAT HE TOLD US TO ASK FOR.  But, we did! ONE WORD: WOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWW!!  It's a basic nice resaurant with linens on the table.  None of the Vegas hoopla.  From start to finish this was a fantasitic dining experience!  The waitress was excellent...SHE WAS FUNNY AS HELL AND SHE LOOKS LIKE ELLEN DEGENERES!  Even the other waiters are funny! We ordered the Petite Filet Mignon and Lobster for 2 for 87 dollars.  What a deal!!!!  It comes with 2 salad, 2 sides, and 2 deserts!  THE FOOD AT THIS DAMN PLACE IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FREAKIN GOOOOODDDDDD!!!  The steak was so tender and perfect.  The lobster was good as well but not the best I've had.  By the time desert came we were too full to eat it! It was chocolate molten cake with fresh strawberries.  I wanted to eat it I just didnt have the space for it.  If you are in the Forum Shops and in the mood for pampering, GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!  5 STAR SERVICE!!!  i know i keep saying that....BUT TAKE MY WORD FOR IT!  This ain't no outback...
5	My boss kept raving about the Palm in Boston so on a night in Vegas when we had no plans, my husband and I decided to give it a try and boy, were we glad we did! In the year and a half since, we've been back to this location several times as well at the downtown Los Angeles and San Diego location. However, the Vegas location is the best in my opinion, mainly because of the service.Palm has become one of our favorite go-to restaurants. Don't expect a hip and modern vibe here- Palm is classic old school and perhaps that's what makes it good. Classic food such as filet and lobster- you can't wrong with that. But the the way the food is cooked here and the freshness of the ingredients is what really makes it stand out. Although I've tried a few other things on the menu, the filet mignon is to die for. Its cooked perfectly, a little bit crispy on the outside, moist and juicy on the inside. The Gigi salad is worth trying as well but beware-its quite large and could be a meal in itself. Once again its a simple salad but everything is so fresh, you'll swear they have their own vegetable outside.  If you've never eaten here before, make sure you let them know. On our first visit, we were given a slice of cheesecake on the house. I'm not a cheesecake fan ordinarily but that's a damn good cheesecake. Apparently, its not made fresh there but shipped from New Jersey but I think that's what makes it so good, ha! The Vegas location is one of the few open for lunch so be sure to take advantage of the business lunch. Its around $20 and is a great way to try out the food at Palm without breaking the bank. One last note, join the 837 club, you will receive great coupons that make it worth your while such as free entrees. When a filet is $45, its a great deal.
5	The business lunch special is an awesome price for a wonderful piece of steak. You can't beat paying less than $20 for a filet that would go for $40+ at dinnertime. The service at the Vegas location is beyond amazing. The wait staff are fabulous. I've also tried the lobster salad, which is also delicious if you're not in the mood for steak.
4	yum yum. You want a great filet? come here. You want a great filet with awesome service? come here. I crave this place. I wish i had some warning though the first time I came here that filets were al a carte. despite this I enjoyed myself immensely all the times I have come here. And in reality they do not make you ponder what else you could of spent your money on. I hate that feeling. Go here. you will be happy.
4	I actually really liked the Palm Restaurant.  I had dinner here with my boss and enjoyed my shrimp scampi and pasta.  The food was great, the wine was reasonable and the atmosphere was generally enjoyable.  The waitstaff was lovely and it was actually quite reasonable in price.  I'll be back to the Palm!
2	We ate at Palm for a friends birthday.  They were accomadating to a large group of 12 people.  I did not like the lobster bisque at all but had Chilean sea bass that was very good.  We also had the 3 cheese potatos which were fanatastic.  One major problem came at the end of the night.  We were walking out of the restaurant when the manager came over to us and said we were short on the bill.  We went back to check how much we had left and noticed that a $100 dollar bill was missing.  There were several of us that all saw the $100 go into the check presenter yet the waiter said that there was never one in there.  After being forced out of another hundred that we did not owe, I will never go back to this restaurant.
1	I don't know why this place gets such rave reviews.  Assuming the waiter didn't pocket $100 (which I don't think he did), which I don't really care about as we were a party of 12 and things go wrong when counting money, the waiter was friendly and attentive.  Moving on to the food: (1) the bread was bad (you know a place is really bad when you can't even eat the bread). (2) the heart of palm salad was incredibly bad: hearts of palm out of the can + 10 pieces of romaine + diced tomatoes + olives tasting of straight brine and not cured in olive oil + cheap feta crumbles (not the authentic good stuff) + vinegar = disgusting. (3) the garlic mashed potatoes were decent (aka, bad for the price)(4) the creamed corn was corn drained out of a can with cream(5) the t-bone steak was undercooked and bleeding. Peaking over to my neighbors:(1) the lobster bisque was bad(2) the chilean sea bas was literally a mound of sea bass literally covered in "blackened fish seasoning" out of a jar(3) etc, etc, etc. That's some pretty bad food, for such a pricey place.  1 salad, 1 entree, 2 drinks = $140.00
5	Bravo! Excellent food and a wonderful service Max and Lopez were incredible servers, they made our evening relaxed fun and delicious! The sides were fresh and the steak and crab(my wife had the Fillet with Crab) were spectacular and at a great club 837 price of $40. each what a great deal!! Mario Battalie should go eat at the Palm then close up shop at Carnevinos, comparatively his restaurant was an embarrassment!!! Go Palm!!!
4	Yummy!!  $$$
4	Whoooa here he comes. He's a steak eater! I love steak! This place is great.! Steak is always flavorful and cooked to perfection.I always have the rib eye. The lobster is always good here and do not forget the cottage fries! They used to have a good lunch special, I  am not sure if they still have it. Great place!
4	Now...this is my third Palm restaurant that I've reviewed.  I love the Palm..I love the food, I own the cookbook...I love them with all my heart.  My fav is West Hollywood because it pretty much became my home.  I did try San Diego but was disappointed...and then the manager emailed me and it was all good (tho I haven't been back so far I would go for the new piano bar to check it out).  So now...here is the Palm Las Vegas experience...LOVE it!  I'm not one to sit and continue to rant about one location not having the charm of another one...they are "same~same but different".  At any rate, for a family dinner (grandma, grandpa, mom, dad and brother) we headed out to the Palm.  Mom and brobro ordered the Oscar...steak with crab and a bernaise sauce...pure heaven...as in tears to my eyes heaven.  My brobro saw them put it down in front  of mom and his mouth watered.  I ask you...who cares what everyone else ordered...the Oscar was the best dinner ever! Perfectly cooked filet mignon steak that melted in your mouth with a ton of crab on top...a brilliant surf and turf!!!  Cheese potatoes that may have taken one year off dad's life, asparagus with garlic and oil...delicious!  Okay okay..now what did  everyone else have?  Grandpa got the salmon (huge piece of salmon and really delightful) Grandma got the crab legs ~ huge!!! Dad and I shared the...now let's say it together because it's my favorite ~ the veal parm!  Awesome as always!  Our waiter was charming and fun - a really wonderful server who earned his $$$$ that night.  Lively atmosphere, very busy...highly recommend heading there.  It really retains the charm of and quality of the Palm family.  I took off one star for a simple reason...in West Hollywood there is a manager who walks around to your table and treats you like you're part of the family.  He's wearing a suit, he has a smile...flirts with the ladies and makes the men feel like their kings.  It makes a huge difference..that's what I call service!  They also have the wine guy (I know what they are called but can't spell it...sommilier...???) who comes over to talk to you about wine...it's  just a great feeling...takes two minutes (if that) and really makes you feel good!  That's what Vegas needs..I mean come  on...it's Vegas..that's what it's all about!  Make us feel like high rollers...we just spent $500 bucks on dinner and want to feel like we own the world!
5	So, I might be a bit biased because my good friend, Tommy, is a bartender at this location.  However, I have nothing but good things to say about this establishment.First, the atmosphere is great.  I usually dine at the bar becuase that is where Tommy works, but even without that, this is the best place to be, in my opinion.  One night, I sat next to Pete Rose, who is a regular at the bar.  Tommy tells me all kinds of fun stories about the people he meets and the regulars that visit him at the bar.As far as food, I highly recommend the tomato capri salad and the filet mignon.  I always get my steak prepared medium rare.  It usually comes out a bit on the rare side (which I like) so if you want medium rare by "normal" standards, you might want to order medium.The calamari is also very good.  The only thing that I have ever tasted here that I wasn't a big fan of was the lobster bisque.  However, I have taken guests who really enjoyed it.  It might be a matter of personal taste.If you go on the right night, there is an Elvis impersonator working as the bathroom attendant.  Gotta love Vegas!
5	I went here for a bachelor party with 8 guys and we got great service. When we got there, we had to wait about 15 minutes but they were attentive so we did not feel neglected.Even though this restaurant was in the Forum shops, the restaurant did not feel very commercial like some restaurants that are in mall food courts.Our server gave us perfect service. Great recommendations and genuinely nice.Many of us ordered the Lobster and Filet Mignon combo. Great deal especially since they crack all of your lobster shells for you. I think it was a lot of food though. I think two people can eat the half lobster and filet.A friend also ordered the rib eye and it tasted great.Service was timely considering we had a large party.Dessert was a large platter of cakes galore. I think we were about to blow up.Overall, we would definitely come back here, even though they are so many other very good restaurants in Vegas.  You get good portions, the food is great and the service is great. I think this restaurant is one of the best values in Vegas
4	So far so good. We did a taste test of food here for our wedding and overall very tasty. Will update after we've had our event here.
2	Would never go back to this place. Food was simply average at best, with a pricetag that was waaayyy above average. Peter Luger vs The Palm???? An absolute blowout with the clear winner residing in brooklyn!
5	One of the best steaks, sea bass, event coordination service, waiting service, cool interior decor, cheesecake and chocolate cakes I have every had.
4	My first time to any Palm restaurant. It was expensive, like any steakhouse, but I enjoyed it.Our server (Karles? Not sure of the name) was very, very good. Took his time explaining the menu and the history of the restaurant but never lingered too long. Staff in general was very attentive and worked hard.My girlfriend and I split the 14oz Filet Mignon. Her half seemed a more true medium rare than mine which was slightly overcooked. I have had better steaks, I have had worse. Overall, pretty decent, but you will pay for it. Like I said, her half was much tastier than mine, not sure how that was possible...Ordered three sides: Three cheese potatoes were the best and asparagus was the worst. Very bland and dry...very disappointing since I love asparagus. Almost said something...it was really bad.Debated between 3 or 4 stars. Chose 4 stars but just barely...good service and a good night with friends won out over the high prices and sometimes mediocre food. For the record, my friends ordered different meals and were very happy with their choices. The New York Strip is their specialty so maybe I should have ordered that instead.
5	OK, this is my new favorite restaurant!I've been dying to try this place for awhile, but I knew it was pricey.  Everytime I walk through the Caesars Forum Shops, I always glance over and then look away, not wanting to tempt myself but always saying, "I want to try that place."  Tonight, I did.The restaurant had a sign out front advertising some sort of happy hour menu, so I went inside to investigate.  They call it "Prime Time," and it's a menu of 7 items normally priced around $10-$12, but from 5pm-7pm and 9pm-close those items are only $3.50!I tried the filet mignon capri sandwiches per the bartender's recommendation, and they were delicious.  Three slider-style sandwiches on a bed of homemade potato chips.  The waitress also sold me on getting a couple of $2 shrimp cocktail, which were monstrous and I would say the best I have ever had.Other items on the cheap-o menu include kobe beef sliders, "ultimate" chicken strips, mini broiled crab cakes, veal parmigiana sliders, "Point Judith" calamari fritti, and prime cheese steak.  They also have oysters on the half shell for $1 apiece.  Unfortunately, my appetite would not allow me to continue eating, but I promised the bartender that I'd be back.Speaking of which, the service was fantastic.  The bartender's name was Jax, and she made up for the last few days of poor service I've been getting elsewhere.I also signed up for their membership card -- it costs $25, and you get points for money spent at their restaurants.  When you sign up, they give you a $25 gift card, so it's essentially free, as long as you plan to come back a second time, which I definitely will.  The card apparently also gets you some sort of food specials, depending on when you come in.I peeked at the full menu before leaving and all I remember seeing is the lobster for 2 special that's listed at the top of the Twitter page.  I thought it was a few dollars cheaper, but $90 for a 4 pound lobster, 2 salads, and a side.  When Restaurant Week is over, I'll be trying this one.  Did I mention that this is my new favorite restaurant, yet?
3	I was not impressed. Average at best. The service was very good, but the food was truly average. I'm a BIG bone-in Rib Eye fan... requested at Medium-Rare+... in parts the steak was, but overall it was not even rare, it was blue. The temperature was off too. Their hash-browns were good, but anything with that much butter is going to taste good. Compared to places like Osteria Mozza in LA, this Rib Eye was a "C" at best. A lot better places to spend your money in Vegas than what is now a typical chain restaurant.
3	Good food and service...but over-priced and over-rated. This location is far better than the famous celebrity-studded West Hollywood spot both in food quality and service. Having an expense account or a friend/relative treat is the best way to experience the Palm!
3	I was in the mood for a good steak.  Unfortunately, I didn't get one.First, I will say that the service was great and very accommodating for our group of about 30.  However, the food wasn't up to par for me.What I really wanted was the Prime Rib, but they didn't have any more left.  So, I settled for the Rib Eye.  I ordered it medium-rare as per the chef's recommendation, but it was unevenly cooked and most of It came out more on the rare side.  It was also one of the fattiest pieces of steak that I've ever had.I also had the Lobster Bisque, which I thought was a bit too rich/smokey and have had better, but everyone else who had it loved it.  The jumbo shrimp cocktail was satisfactory.That seemed to be the trend at our table.  Most of those who had lobster or some other type of seafood enjoyed their meals, while those of us who had steak were left unsatisfied.
3	I know Palm restaurant food. I went to the Palm in NYC as a kid in the 60s so trust me. I've been a regular for forty years.The lobster bisque was tasty but too salty. The tenderloin was very good, onion rings great. Cheesecake fantastic. Service was good but kitchen was slow. It took us 40 minutes from the time we sat down at 1.15pm for lunch to get our steaks and the place was only a third full. But a three course lunch for $23 is ok by me for this quality.This location loses points for slow kitchen and oversalted bisque. L.A. location is good but busy. NYC is still the best but even busier. The Palm is known for lobster and  New York cut. The prime rib is ok but sort of tasteless to my mind. For goodness sake, don't be one of these people who go to a steak and lobster house and order a sandwich. I can't vouch for the quality. Nobody does everything well. The Vegas location has one big plus going for it, it's not pretentious like the L.A. location.
3	The service alone deserves a star. The food was ok. It's been awhile since I came here. I should've written this when my memory was crisp.The only reason I came here was because my friend sent a link  to buy a $25 gift certificate good for a $50 tab. Can't beat that.The filet mignon was a bit salty. but cooked well. Teh Ahi tuna steak was just ok. The sides including the creamed spinach was tasty. It's a standard steak house located inside Caesars Forum, so the food probably tastes a whole lot better once you're tired from shopping.
3	Not sure if it's a "Meh.." or more of a "Eh..." that I'm looking for.$200 for dinnah for 2 people? Dang. The half lobster was fishy and not great (though this may be the first lobster I have had not sitting on a dock in Maine) and had very little actual meat. The cottage fries are actually homemade potato chips and shoestring onion rings. Great in theory except they get cold faster than you can eat them and end up tasting exactly like the grease they were fried in. Blech.I had the clam spaghetti. Very average.My boyfriend had the filet mignon. Also normal.Aside from the averageness of everything, HOLY @#%! there is one reason to go to Palm. THE CHEESECAKE!!!!!!! The best cheesecake I've ever had. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Fly to Vegas now. Eat somewhere else, but go to Palm for cheesecake for dessert.
3	I went here with a group of 4 and we all ordered ifferent dishes the swordfish was mediocre. a little dry is how it was described. I had the same experience withthe 9oz fillet. The new York strip steak was marginally better. The only thing that was good was the ahi tuna. The desert selection was impressive and the wine was excellent. King estate, or Pinot.I would not come back here again. Too expensive for average food. Save your money.
5	I've been a regular at the Palm in NYC for a while now. While in Vegas, I thought we should try a Western outpost. We arrived about 10 minutes before the kitchen closed...Tommy the bartender was made us feel like regulars right away. He hooked us up with some Prime Time Bites, which were great. The drinks were made perfectly, can't go wrong with bleu cheese stuffed olives in your martini.The Palm - Vegas is by far one of the few places that meets the hype.
2	The service and food sucks here.... it was good prob 7 years or something ago when the Palms first opened and they had their midnight special but even then.. only the price was good but the food was not sooo good...  drive down the street to get better food elsewhere!
5	This is the first time I have been to this Palm in LV.  I love this Ameican iconic steakhouse.  I went to my first Palm restaurant in SF when I graduated from college in 1989.    Wow.....that's a long time!Back to my reality.....I ordered the rib-eye steak and hashbrowns......The steak was perfectly cooked and super juicy.... The hash browns were shaped like a flying saucer.  Thick and crispy all aound.  I like mine shredded instead of diced, but still very good.A wonderful meal.....This a great Palm.......after I finished my steak, I sat back with my glass of merlot and just enjoyed all the eye candy walk by.  If you eat here, you must get a table on the patio and enjoy the scene!
4	Palm Restaurant will definitely satisfy your hunger. Prices are pretty reasonable to. They have these potato's which are like homemade potato chips, yum! One thing I remembered about this place is that if you order a coke it come in those old school bottles which is pretty cool.
5	Great Food for a great price! If you know when to go.The lunch special is off the hook great! for less then $25/pp get a fantastic 3 course meal that will have you rolling out the joint. The place has got that great old time vibe to it with the wood booths, and white coated servers.  The drinks are stiff and the beer cold and fresh.The choice of soup or salad is spot on and the entrees are delicious! And to top it off choose either the Key Lime pie or the huge cheese cake slice. You can't go wrong at lunch!Go at lunch it's a great lunch, a great deal and a great special!The Happy Hour menu by the way looks just as tempting!
4	This is the first time I have dined at the Palm.  Let me say I am looking forward to returning.  I ate here for lunch.  I HIGHLY recommend stopping by here for lunch.  They have an unbelievable lunch menu.  For about $25 you can have an excellent three course meal.   You must order the half and half with your meal.  They were great fried onions and potatoes on the side.  Service was also very good.  Overall, one of the best values in terms of quality of food, service, atmosphere, and price in Las Vegas that I have seen.
5	Yummiest New York Steak sandwich! It's a little spicy because it has fresh dijon and wasabi. The Brooklyn cheesecake is the best cheesecake in the world. They literally fly the cheesecake in from Brooklyn, NY.
2	I was looking forward to the Palm. Having visited there before it has been a place for melt in your mouth steaks.This time was a huge let down. The calamari was overcooked and bland, I had to salt it. I planned on ordering the 9 oz. filet but the waiter told us it was "Restaurant Week" and we had a few options. I chose the Palm salad and filet with bearnaise sauce with crab meat. A dinner guest ordered the lobster bisque as his starter.  I of course had to try the bisque because they have one of the yummiest. Well this one was barely warm and not the bisque I've had in the past. It tasted pre-made, like they order it frozen and reheat. The crab on my steak was cold and fishy, my steak was chewy even though it was cooked perfectly. We didn't visit there because it was restaurant week, we just thought the special offer sounded great. I mean if they're going to cut corners they should serve a smaller steak instead of mediocre everything. I would have gladly paid 43$ for a great steak instead of 39.95 for what's supposed to be the same steak with sauce on it.  I also had to salt everything. I never salt my food. So Palm, you were a let down and I don't know if I'll visit next time I'm in town with so many new places to choose from.
5	We started with a nice Caesar salad, which was incredible.  I had the 12 oz strip and it was fantastic!  The service was second to none.  It was pretty pricey but the staff and food made it worth it.  Not much else to say!  Really wonderful.
2	The boss took us out to lunch for Administrative day at the Palms Restaurant.  I was really excited because I have never been before and always wanted to try their famous steaks.We had a special business lunch menu. I chose the steak filets served with sauteed mushroom and onions, a side of Cesar Salad and New York Cheesecake.  First of all, I wasn't too joyful with the steak. The dark gravy sauce on the steaks lacked in flavor and I needed to add salt and pepper to my meat. I ordered mine medium and my steak was a little too warm on the cold side to eat. I don't know if it was because I was sitting under one of the hundreds of fans blowing into the tables, however it was pretty damn cold in there. The salad dressing was kind of distasteful and the lettuce was a little welted.  The only thing that I really enjoyed and loved was my NY Cheesecake in which I am not even a fan of dessert but this cheesecake was really good served with homemade whip cream.  The steaks that I have grilled at home was way better than that, so I don't think I will be coming back again.
2	Blah.  I remember going to the Palm in San Diego several years ago and being very pleased.Here in the Forum Shops, it was "whatever."  The caesar salad was wilted/too warm, the fish was dry, and onion strings and chips were sopping in oil.  If you're in a pinch at the Shops and there's no other place to eat, then maybe go and try to find a good dish.  Otherwise, walk on by...
2	2.5 stars. I loved the decor, the steak and company was awesome, but oh the service. As we looked over the menu, I picked up their dining club brochure on a whim. The server took it upon himself to start explaining everything from one end to other without taking a breath. Not a great way to start off. When he finally left, we looked at each other with eyebrows raised.  After we had a chance to look over the menu, he came back and before we even ordered, again asked us if we wanted to join and repeated the 'benefits'. Commission, no? Simply put, it got annoying. Anyways, on to the menu. We decided to share an appetizer of three jumbo shrimp sauteed in dijon sauce. It was good, but could have been presented better on a small platter, not a large flat dish with literally three split shrimp rolling around. lolThe side of wild mushrooms was sauteed and delicious. The string beans had the option of sauteed in garlic or steamed; we got it steamed and we agreed they were a bit tough and possibly undercooked. Ok, the filet mignon 9 oz. medium rare - sooo good. Cooked to perfection. The salmon was HUGE....neither of us could finish it. May have something to do with the taste, too - even though it was topped with butter, the fish itself was a little "bland," as my friend stated (his words, not mine!). After our plates were cleared and as I was leaning forward saying something, our server inserted a small-desk-sized platter of six desserts on the table and asked us which one we wanted. I remember a feeling of wow, a bit rude and I just lost my train of thought. Plus, he didn't even ask if we had room for dessert. Well, we didn't. Now I come on to yelp and find out they had restaurant week this whole time. The server didn't even mention this, even though my dish was on the special menu. Grrrr....
3	We had reservations for weeks.  This was our one, nice, group meal while the boys had fun in Vegas.  We have all been here before and had fabulous meals.  This time, however, it was a major step back.Yelp was listing a new online special.  For $39.95, you get a salad, 9 oz. filet, and 2 sides.  Considering the normal 9 oz. filet is $42 a la carte, it is a great deal.When we asked the waiter about it, he looked like we were speaking Portuguese.  "What are you talking about?", he said.  Really, dude?  You are going to play that way?  We laid out the details of the deal like we were talking to a child.  All of the sudden, he snapped back with, "no substitutions, creamed spinach only".  Oh, so now you remember the details??We all ordered the specials, along with cocktails.  The service the rest of the night was not top-of-the-line.  The filets (and all of the food) were fantastic.  It's just disappointing to see the service lacking when you mention the word "special".
4	In town for business, friends and I decided we wanted a good steak dinner.  We were very happy with the PalmExcellent service, excellent food. I got the bone-in rib eye and it was just right. Recommend it for anyone that's looking for a place to bring a group or even a companion.
4	I eat at the Palm a couple of times a month for lunch and it's the best buy around for that meal, considering the calibre of the restaurant. Spectacular burgers....but you might also try the aglio-olio.We also go there for dinner twice a year (The Palm Club sends us coupons for a free three pound lobsters) for dinner...the steaks are great, as you would expect from any "true" steakhouse.
3	Hey, it's a Palm.  We got great service - no complaints.  A couple of bone-in rib eyes hit the table that were pretty good.  And a couple of steak specials - the bone-in filet mignons were above average.  Having been to Mastro's in Beverly Hills a week earlier made this a tough comparison.
4	I can't say enough about the Palm and the food and service that our group received there. Our entire table got the special which increased the value of the meal though it would have been acceptable at full price. However, at a place like Palm, Filet (Oscar style), Au Gratin Potatoes, and asparagus, along with the famous lobster bisque for $39.50 really can't be beat. The filet was perfectly done, and there was no cheese or butter spared in the making of the Au Gratin potatoes. Even at full price, I would highly recommend the entire aforementioned meal.The service that we received was absolutely top notch; professional and extremely helpful, while remaining casual and friendly. As an entire experience, the Palm is a can't miss spot. Given the great food, friendly service, and central location in Caesar's, the Palm is a great choice for any steak loving group at anytime of the year.
3	LOUD!!! not a place for an intimate, candlelit dinner. This is a place for drunken carnivores. I have been to The Palm three times now and I can safely say that I do not like their steaks. They promote simplicity but I think that they seriously discount flavor. The veal chop, on the other hand, was outstanding. It now gives me something to look forward to if I am drug in here (again) against my will. The three cheese potatos were very good. The waiter was fully capable of handling seven drunk, hungry almost 50 year old men. You could tell this wasn't his first rodeo. Only gripe about the service was that when it was time for the check, he disappeared for about 10-15 minutes (why do waiters do that?). If you want the testosterone fueled steak experience, this is your place. Upturned face.
4	We don't venture to the strip that often, let alone for happy hour. So we really took advantage of the Prime Time $3.50 Happy Hour menu and it is out of this world. I mean every dish is intricate, flavorful, and robust. Their slider selection alone will keep you content for the rest of the evening. These aren't sliders, they're more like half-burgers, half-sandwiches. Seriously a big bang for your buck. You can't ever go wrong with fried calamari. And the fresh Oysters taste like the Gulf of Mexico minus the oil spill. When I think of happy hour, I think siesta, people off work, relaxing, drinking, loving life. But the Palm really doesn't qualify as a Happy Hour kind of place. It's more touristy, hit and miss crowd because when it comes  to gambling, you either win big or you're down and out.  In our case, you have more down and out crowd with elevator music. And so it is, 4 stars.
5	Love this place. Great steaks, great vibe. Big fan of this chain overall - this is my favorite location.
5	No matter what, you can always count on The Palm to do things perfectly.  Service, food, drinks, wine - everything was great.  Again.  We frequent The Palm in Chicago, DC and Vegas and have NEVER had a single problem.  In Vegas, try to sit "outside" and watch the hilarious Vegas crowd wander by.  This may not be the best steakhouse in Vegas, but it is consistently amazing...you can not go wrong eating here,
4	I've eaten here a couple of times for lunch, and it's been consistently very good.  It's an old school steak house with some good lunch options, and the wait staff here are pros.  This is important, because good service in Vegas is not a given anymore.  My buddy and I both ordered the businessman's lunch special, which went off without a hitch.  For $23.95 each, we each got the following courses:Soup or salad, entree, a side of fresh made potato chips and fried onion strings, and desert.  The key lime pie desert rules!The only real downside to this place is it is a major pain to get in and out of Caesar's Palace if you are driving.  Getting into the parking structure and finding a place to park is a hassle.  I will not stay at Caesar's for this very reason.
4	decided to eat here since the reviews were pretty good... decently priced. and pretty easy to find.  the food is really great and the staff is awesome! they're so attentive and make sure your really well-taken care of.  i had the chicken sandwich with fries and it was really good.  the walls are all fun to look at too. definitely worth checking out while your walking around the forum and get hungry!
5	Excellent dinner here.  Little pricey but it was worth it.  They took us right in while Nero's wanted a 45 minute wait.
4	It's my birthday...where shall we go?The Husband suggests Palm Restaurant in the Forum Shops as we've been passing their three course business lunch options during our visits there.  Finally, a chance to take advantage of it! We chose a table outside so we could people watch, but we ended being the ones to watch!Their current promotion is the Classic Summer Lobster Dinner for 2.  So what does that mean?  For $89.95, you get a four pound Jumbo Nova Scotia Lobster, split for two.  It's served with a choice of a mixed green or Caesar salad (or soup of the day), and one Signature side dish.A glance at the neighboring table and you can't help but want one for yourself.  So what was supposed to be a birthday lunch ended being a heavy early birthday dinner! They start you off with bread and butter and we chose their soup of the day, which was Cream of Mushroom. With bibs on, our lobster arrived - and what a sight it was.  The tomalley, aka lobster liver, oozes out onto the platter.  The waitstaff artfully removes the meat from the giant claws with a break and a pull.  We immediately start digging in and it doesn't take long to enjoy the fatty rich taste of this delicacy.  As I get started on my tail portion, I'm in need of some drawn butter to give it some added fatty richness!  (This the part where pedestrians can't help but point at what you're eating!  A four pound lobster is huge and it's an easy sell for the restaurant for those dining outside with it!) The Wild Mushrooms, our side dish, is a nice medley and cooked in more butter!  This lunch is heavily loaded!As we finish our last few bits, I am stuffed!  But...the Husband has informed the staff that it's my birthday and out the staff comes to sing me a song and present me with a complimentary birthday cheesecake!  It was rich and pretty good!  Yum!    Service was good - we had a leisurely lunch and the staff were professional.  There was a slight gap when we needed to wave down someone for more water, a napkin, etc. They do offer their 837 Club where a $25 enrollment fee will give you a $25 gift certificate for the restaurant and you can earn points towards free meals, etc.Ultimately, when it comes down to it, I love the Husband's version of lobster more.  Sure, theirs was good - but his homecooked version has me wanting more.  Therefore, we probably won't be back for their lobster special, but eventually will get around to trying their $23.95 three course business lunch!
4	I love steak, and Palm Restaurant is a good steak house. I got the 24oz bone in ribeye, medium rare. It was really good, I like how they grilled it so it was a little crunchy on the outside and all the juices were there though. We also got the wild mushrooms with it. It was a good big steak, although I eat like a fattie, so I was still hungry afterwards. My only complaint is they don't serve the steak on a hot plate? I know other fancy expensive steak houses serve their steaks on a 150 degree hot plate. I was disappointed by that because towards the end, my steak was cold.But other than that, it was good. yummm.
3	We each ordered the 3-course, $23.95 business lunch, selecting Caesar salads and the twin tenderloin filets served with caramelized onions, wild mushrooms and bordelaise sauce. In addition we received a large plate of cottage fries and fried onion rings.  Ann chose the key lime pie while I went with the New York cheesecake.  Overall the meal was good, but fell short of being memorable.
5	Great Happy Hour here. The prices go from "eeeesssshhh" to "ahhhh" during this time. We ordered one of everything on the bar's HH menu and were pleasantly surprised by the decently sized portions and reasonable prices. Our favorites were the Crab Cakes, Veal, Kobe Sliders, and the Chicken Strips. Really the only one we weren't fond of was the Capri Filet Mignon. Cold steak doesn't really appeal to me. Our bar tender was excellent. She had a full bar top, was making the entire restaurants beverages and still had time to refill our rapidly disappearing waters (105 out that day). Next time maybe I'll splurge and go for the full meal deal!
5	Always perfection!
5	The boyfriend and I stopped by in here for their late night Happy Hour after we got in and checked into our hotel. I was starvingggg and just excited to get some food before the alcohol! Happy Hour is only available at the bar and not the dining area which left me a little confused but whatever, I like sitting at the bar anyway-- it lets me see my options of poison. ;) for $3.50 appetizers and I think $1 oysters, WHY THE HECK NOT!? We started off the night with some beers and they had a really nice selection of beers on tap. We then proceeded to order the following:- Crab cakes: These were good. They come with I believe house fried potato chips which could have been salted a little more and maybe fried longer for a more crispy crunch, but it didn't bother me too much. It came with a mango salsa dip which made the chips taste a lot better. The crab cakes were good but definitely not the best I've had. I may try this again, but I'd have to be really hungry and nothing else was available on the menu. (i mean when you can choose kobe beef sliders, crab cakes seem nothing but a distant memory!)- Philly Cheese Steak: My boyfriend adores philly cheesesteaks! I don't know if its the cheese or all that grease, but he loves this stuff. Too bad it wasn't all that great. I was pretty full after one (It comes with 3) and it was pretty bland tasting. This also came with their house potato chips. - Raw Oysters: We ordered four of these which was good enough to taste since my boyfriend hadn't had oysters in a really long time. It came with the usual cocktail sauce. I really liked slurping these bad boys down! Its really hard to go wrong with raw oysters so I guess they did well in my book!- Kobe Sliders: Originally ours only came out with 2 which we were unsure of and a little suspicious since I think it was supposed to come out with three? When we were done paying a server brought out one last slider for us saying that the chef said that he had forgotten one. I thought that was a nice gesture but it was pretty late and I was pretty full. Still from what the boyfriend and I had, this one was the winner for the night. It was juicy, the buns were sweet and it had all the right flavors.  I think we wanted to order another one from the menu when this had first came out but their kitchen closes at 10PM. We have fallen in love with this place and its probably one of my favorite happy hour spots of all time! Our bartender was more concerned in closing up shop at her bar and didn't bother us much which I was fine with. It was a nice first night in sin city for us and we were completely satisfied. I will definitely make my way here again!
3	I expected more, but for the price, I guess it was ok.  Hubby and I like to have at least ONE fancy meal when we hit Vegas, and the Palm seemed like it would fit the bill.  We each had the $49 surf & turf special, which was very high quality food, but a bit bland.  Service was pretty bad.  Our server was quite friendly and outgoing - with EVERY other table BUT ours.  I was willing to shell out $$$$$ for several glasses of wine with my meal, but it took so long to get glass #2, I didn't want to invest the time and ask for a third.  Once we were ready for the check, it took him about 20 minutes to return....seriously? NOT OK.  I will not return nor recommend.
5	Like a few others that reviewed this place, my girlfriend and I stopped in spontaneously after shopping at Caesars.  It appeared there was some special at the bar between 3:30-6:30 ish for $3.50 appetizers.   Sounded great and they were.  I had the mini kobe beef burgers and she had the crab cakes and both were PERFECT along with some delicious beers on tap.The bartender was EXCELLENT.  She established a friendly connection with us (much unlike the P.U.B. at the Aria) and she provided superb service.  If we were staying closer we would have gone there every day!
3	This is a review of their Prime Time happy hour which is available Mon-Fri from 4:30-6:30pm and 9pm 'til closing. All items are $3.50 except for the oysters which are $1 each.We sampled the following 5 items:KOBE BEEF SLIDERS: bacon, lettuce, tomato and pesto aioliFILET MIGNON CAPRI SANDWICHES: imported mozzarella di bufala, tomato and basil with a balsamic aioliMINI BROILED CRAB CAKES: mango salsa and chipotle tartar sauceVEAL PARMIGIANA SLIDERSPOINT JUDITH CALAMARI FRITTI: cornmeal dusted and tossed with lemon and cherry peppersOverall the serving sizes were good, especially for the price. Our favorites were the filet mignon and kobe beef sliders, three per order. The veal parm was pretty tasty, but nothing special. The remaining two items were mediocre. The calamari batter was a bit too thick and soggy. The three mini crab cakes were very small and consisted of mostly filling and little meat.When my wife, an unapologetic diet Coke fiend, ordered her favorite beverage, they brought her a diminutive 6oz bottle with a cup of ice. Now $3.50 for a small soda with no refills is pretty steep, but I guess that's where they make some money after giving you a good deal on the food.Additional menu items which we did not try this time:ULTIMATE CHICKEN STRIPS: panko and parmesan battered with sweet and sour chili saucePRIME CHEESE STEAK: prime New York steak, caramelized onions and Vermont cheddar cheeseOYSTERS ON THE HALF SHELLJUMBO SHRIMP COCKTAILWill we return? Probably, at some point. We'd like to try some of their other items, but we'll stick with our faves and ice water next time around.
4	We've eaten here a few times now. It seems to be a favorite of business people we know who entertain people at Strip hotels. It's a cool place with an old school feel. The steaks are huge and perfectly prepared every time we've been. We can't seem to order anything else because the steaks are so good. The service has been prompt and friendly each time we've been and the sides and desserts good too.
4	Friends were in town so I was thinking of a good place to nosh on that was reasonable and near things they wanted to see/do. Palms "Prime Bites" Happy Hour has been on my list for a long while. You can't beat $3.50 apps! Just a note- it's in the bar area only. I tried: Filet Mignon Capri Sandwiches, comes w/ 3- it was okay. The components are very fresh, but the bread got soggy fast with the fresh mozzarella sitting on it. I pulled out the ingredients and that some quality caprese. Mini Broiled Crab cakes, comes w/3- pretty decent. It comes on top of a water cracker and comes with mango salsa and a tartar sauce. It had decent lumps of crab in it instead of pulverized minced."Point Judith" Calamari Fritti- can't go wrong with calamari, but it's not the best version I had. It needed a little bit more seasoning or a more flavorful dip than the tomato sauce. Oysters on a half shell ($1 a shell)- lovely, very fresh. Don't know the variety, but these had a nice briny flavor to them. Horseradish was pretty mean which made me a happy oyster (eater). Drinks aren't part of happy hour, but I tried the Black Widow ($12) "Muddled fresh mint, raspberries and handsqueezed lime juice, with Belvedere Black Raspberry Vodka, topped with Chandon Brut Classic, served up."- It was good, but did not grasp a hint of mint in there. I could tell the alcohols and tasted mostly the fresh raspberries swimming in my glass. ( Sorry, no pics...it was too dark for my phone to catch) Bar staff is friendly and attentive. They seem to enjoy their job and like to chat. They make sure to check on everyone periodically and did well considering the bar did not have a empty seat. Overall impression- this is a definite great steal of a snack/meal. If you're a tourist, this is great opportunity for reasonably priced, quality food...I just think most tourist don't know about it.  I rarely go onto the strip so I can't say I'm coming just for HH on a regular, but once in a while I'll plan for a "Prime Bites" and shopping day.
4	Admittedly, the Palm was our second choice for Saturday lunch. Our rumbling tummies weren't going to let us wait out the hour long wait at Joe's Seafood Prime. The guys & I had tried the Palm in LA, so while we knew it was going to be excellent, we were also bummed about not trying those much raved about stone crab claws at Joe's. A few of the guys, including my bf, ordered the $49 surf & turf (they chose steak & lobster, but I think there is a shrimp option.) I had the business lunch, which was a three course meal for $24 (cheap cheap cheap!) I ordered:-caesar salad- side: half chips, half onion strings- filet tenderloins (cooked perfectly)- a flourless chocolate cake, which was thick & gooey (I rarely order chocolate cake, but the only other option for me was cheesecake & I definitely don't love cheesecake.) - I stole a few bites of my bf's key lime pie which was equally tart & sweet.- crab cake appetizer ($20. my favorite crab cake of all the crab cakes I've tasted because they use lump crab meat.)Our server was friendly & checked on us often. The busgirl (is that what you call a female busboy?!) was a little too chummy with my bf but that's ok...i understand, a girl's gotta work it for her tips! We ate on the patio where we could people watch. I am definitely a fan of the Palm!
3	We ate at the Palm for a work dinner with six others, and aside from leaving full, happy, and slightly buzzed from the wine, I left feeling conflicted.The menu is standard for a steakhouse---they do meat, and they do seafood, and not much else.  The sides come extra, and are more than big enough for two people to share.  They don't mark up their wine as much as most places do---which is a good thing.  For Las Vegas, though, their wine selection leaves a bit to be desired.What causes me such consternation about the Palm is the disparity between the food/prices and the attitude/service.   They have great food, fantastic food actually, and you pay relatively fair prices for it.  In fact, the steak I had there is one of the best I've ever had.  Unfortunately, it was matched with equally terrible service.  They are slow, they are rude, they are arrogant, they are pushy, and no matter how many times we asked for water, asked for more wine, asked for butter for the bread, or asked the server not to do something he didn't listen!  I wish we'd listened when, while waiting to be seated, a woman walked out of the back dining room and announced to the entire restaurant that they should leave while they still could to avoid a terrible experience.For an 8-top, purchasing multiple bottles of wine, and nearly everything on the menu (total bill over $2,000) you'd think you could get better service.  Thankfully, I wasn't paying.  If I was, I'd never go back here again.
3	Palm is located inside Caesars Palace Forum Shops. Reservation was at 7pm and was seated promptly. I odered the wedge salad w/blue chees to start which was just average and ordered the bone in filet but came back to tell me they were out of it so went with a 12 oz filet. medium rare. The filet was cooked perfectly and the flavor was great. The service was not very good by our sever though as she seemed bothered when we asked for stuff that she forgot to bring. i wont be back because of the service
3	Dined at the Palm for a work luncheon. We had a private room which was nice. Then, our choice of soup or salad, entree (steak or salmon) and dessert. I had the caesar salad. It nice flavor and a ton of anchovies, six, I think. Usually, you'll get a filet or two. The sauteed salmon angelo which was a wine butter sauce with capers and artichokes. It was beautifully prepared and quite tasty. We also had shared plates of chips, fried onions and veggies. Dessert followed, key-lime pie or NY Cheesecake. I had the latter, it was rich and creamy. Service was attentive, we had two, that catered to the ten of us. Overall, it was a nice experience.
4	Excellent food and excellent service. If you can afford to splurge a stupid amount of money on a meal this place is worth a try, if only to meet one of the best and friendliest of servers I have ever met, Barry. His antics and attitude were incredible and he made the meal memorable. And the best part is he wasn't even our server. He just came across our table (most likely because he knocked over my empty wheelchair a few times) and decided to befriend us.It's rare these days to find someone with his spunk and fervor working in a restaurant and it was truly awesome.
5	It was my first time at Palm Restaurant to experience their Prime Bites Menu at happy hour.  After having their Prime Steakburger Sliders, it makes me wonder why I have never gone there before.  It's an AWESOME deal!!  I came here with Lily D. as she stopped by the Strip for a bite to eat before picking up her friend at the airport.  I have to agree with many Yelpers and say that Palm Restaurant has one of the best Happy Hour Menus on the Strip.  Take a look at these Prime Steakburger Sliders (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=pXbvoEThlGea5fTpxqbV2g).  They were with applewood smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato, and pesto aioli.  DELICIOUS!!  Now paying just $4.50 for them during happy hour was straight up ridiculous!  They're normally priced at $10, but they're even more desirable if you get them during their Prime Time at the Bar which is usually M-F from 4:30p-6:30p and from 9:30p to closing.Lily D. ordered the Nova Scotia Lobster BLT Sliders which contained Nova Scotia lobster salad, applewood smoked bacon, oven dried tomatoes, avocado, and micro greens.  They look awesome as well but I was still working on my Steak Sliders.  I'll have to try those next time since they were $4.50 for Prime Time as well!Palm Restaurant will definitely get another visit from me in the future as I will attack the rest of their Prime Bites Menu and maybe also to try their steaks as well.
5	After filling my pockets at the Caesar's table game, I wanted to blow it all on a ridiculous lunch before I flew back home and restarted in the real world. The Palm did not disappoint.I got the surf and turf combo with the 14 ounce filet mignon and half of a 3lb lobster (you can also pick a 4lb or 5lb lobster). The filet was the biggest one I've ever seen and succulent throughout and cooked to perfection at medium-rare. The lobster was huge and the table side cracking definitely made me feel pampered. I had to share my meal with a few friends since it was so ridiculously large, but it was money well spent. The total ended up being $95 with tax and tip.My favorite part of the meal was the end where they squeeze fresh lemon in your hands and give you hot towels to wash yourself. Ahh Vegas, miss you already.
3	Solid food, but the ridiculously bad service loses the Palm a star. We were a large party of 8, all ordering steak and lobster and wine. You would think service would be pretty damn attentive. Unfortunately our waiter was complete aloof and often rude. Small details were overlooked (NO at a restaurant this expensive it is not acceptable to give ladies wearing black pants a freaking white napkin!). Stuff like this is forgiveable if the waitstaff has an ounce of warmth or personality. We perused the appetizers on the menu and they were all pretty freaking dull. The lobster sliders and mini crab cakes from the bar menu sounded more appealing, but the waiter turned down our request to order appetizers from the bar initially. We asked "what if we pay full price (it was happy hour)" and he still said no. Five minutes later he akwardly returns and says he guesses he can let us?!?!? Thanks jerk. The apps from the bar menu were crappy and not worth it, btw. Oh well. The surf and turf here is solid. It's not inspired or interesting, but it's reliable and of good quality. It is pricey for what you get, however, and the food didn't blow my mind. The four pound lobsters are HUGE I will say, and it's nice they split them for you. They also will crack the claw to make the enormous claw easier to eat. Props for that. Desserts weren't particularly interesting, either, but they were tasty. The key lime pie was my favorite - a very well done piece of pie. Overall this is your standard pricey steak joint. I had an amazing time at my dinner because I was in great company. Luckily the awful waitstaff didn't ruin our evening. With so many awesome steakhouses in Vegas I'm not sure if I'd come back to the Palm on my own. I will say if you're playing it safe in Vegas and want a well executed surf and turf, it's worth giving this place a shot.
3	Went there to try their happy hour small plates menu.  Didn't get past the bar so that's all I can comment on.  Lively.  Tried the crabcakes (excellent), lobster salad roll (pretty good) and fried oysters (excellent.)  Side of fries good but too expensive.  Service was a bit slow and the drinks expensive for a happy hour.
3	i was really excited to go here. i have heard many great things about the place. we went on valentines weekend. the host was perfectly friendly and seated us immediately despite the fact that it was an extremely busy and crowded night. the place looked exactly how i expected with all the caricatures on the wall and had an old school steakhouse vibe.our waiter was really impersonal and a bit snooty. he was very short with us, maybe because it was so busy. but its not an excuse. they havea fabulous deal on the menu, a four-course meal for 50 bucks so i got that.i had the lobster bisque.. it was perfect. the best ive had anywhere. not too salty, just enough creaminess. for my entree i had the filet trio with lobster, crab, asparagus, tomatoes. the crab was fresh and cooked very well. it was amazing, as well as the lobster. my steaks were a ittle tough. it was supposed to be medium but it seemed almost well done. i had the wild mushroom as my side. a little on the bland side. for dessert i had the creme brulee. it was very good. up to par. my bf ordered the 12 ounce filet with the peppercorn sauce. it was aged very well, cooked perfectly and the peppercorn sauce was really amazing. i wish the service was a lot better, but it was a good meal, although not as good as all the hype about it. hopefully the one in new york will be much better when i get a chance to try it there.p.s.it still blows my mind that no one dresses up to go to a nice dinner nowadays!
4	This was my first time visiting the Palms in Vegas. Ive had great meals at the LA venue. Last evenings overall experience was very nice. The service and attention we received was wonderful. I started off with the wedge salad, which was very, very good. Perfect amount of blue cheese crumbles and nice big tomatoes. For entree i had the 14oz filet. I was somewhat let down by the filet as i was expecting the same great experience ive had at the LA Palms. The filet was a little tough and there were some gristle lines throughout..... i think i just had a bad cut. Shit happens sometimes, but it was still decent. For sides we had the creamed spinach and mushrooms. The spinach was really good and the mushrooms were pretty standard. Had a great time here and would try it again. But only after venturing over to the other steakhouses i havent dined at yet.
4	One of my regular stops when I am in vegas...  As a result, I wind up eating here 2-3x a year, and I have NEVER been dissapointed.  The kind of place you don't worry about bringing a client to, because you know they are very consistent...  So I have (brought clients)!Consistently excellent food - meats at the right temperatures, great specials, particularly if you join the 837 club.  Service is consistently excellent.Palm does a great job of combining first rate ingredients, excellent preparation, and attentive service in a chop-house styled feel.  Always a lively restaurant, with decent ambient room noise.  Significantly prefer to Mortons, etc.  Better, more youthful atmosphere, with a less stuffy feel, and similar food (coupled with better prices).I strongly suggest you try to save some room for dessert - the Tiramisu is out of this world.  The fillet is always succulent and tender.  The lobster is my favorite restaurant lobster anywhere...  Its a Nova Scotia lobster, and despite being broiled, its still tender and juicy.  If you prefer steamed, you need only ask!  Side dishes are a serious business here, and you should plan to share - I strongly suggest the mushrooms.
3	Actually now that i think about it, this steak house was not that great. I had way better steaks experiences. i would never eat here again or would recommend this place to friends going to vegas.
5	I went to the Palm in Dallas and experienced one of the best meals and service. The managers were warm and welcoming upon entering the restaurant and Annie our bartender / server was just awesome. The food and service are always fantastic and I would recommend this restaurant to everyone I know.I've also been to the one in Vegas located inside the Caesar's Palace, its fantastic as well.
2	No longer as inspired, service is aloof at best.  I used to look forward to power lunch specials but they seem off par lately and filet is no longer offered on the $25 business lunch.  Last time we ate here, steaks were grisly and tough - quality control?
5	The best place i've ate so far in Las Vegas. Great food from beginning to end. Salad, filet mignon cooked to perfection, and an amazing cheesecake. And a plus that the service was as perfect as the meal.
5	This is one of the very best restaurants on the strip.....STILL!!!Great food and service!
5	Let's start with the Salads. The Caesar Salad is chopped hearts of romaine, tossed with garlic croutons and Caesar dressing, and topped with grated Parmesan. The dressing needs a little work, maybe bump up the anchovy and garlic content a bit. If you add a little salt and fresh cracked pepper, it's just fine. Thumbs up with 4 stars!The Hearts of Palm Salad is chopped up romaine lettuce, huge hearts of palm, tomatoes, kalamata olives, and a sliced hard-boiled egg. This salad is outrageous! The garlic vinaigrette dressing is crisp and punchy combined with the saltiness of the olives and sweetness of the tomatoes. This salad just jumps out at you. Thumbs up with 5 stars!The Palm always has some kind of special running like Steak and Lobster. The specials are normally a salad, entree, side, and dessert. Below are a couple of past specials that may come around again in time for your next visit. Check out their website for their current special or ask your waiter.The first special is the 9 oz. Filet Mignon with Shrimp Scampi. The portion of filet is more than grand. The Palm proudly serves aged USDA Prime Beef so you know every cut is going to be great. The grillmasters in the kitchen prepare your steak to exact specifications and always plate it with perfection. Even though the filet is a leaner cut, there is some excellent marbling making the meat more juicy and flavorful. The shrimp scampi is awesome! The shrimp is cooked to perfection, nice opaque color and crisp to the bite. The scampi sauce is so buttery and garlicky, you might want to dip your bread in it. You almost don't want to waste it. Thumbs up with 5 stars!The second special is the 9 oz. Filet Mignon with lobster tail. The lobster tail is cooked to perfection with a sweet flavor. The clarified butter just draws the sweetness out. Thumbs up with 5 stars!If you're feeling like splurging on the regular menu, here are some choices that you might like to try.The Bone-In Prime Rib is served swimming in au jus served with a side of creamed horseradish. This is the best prime rib in Las Vegas. Roasting it with the bone-in just gives it so much flavor. The outer rub has just the right amount of seasoning and creates a wonderful crust. The meat is tender and the marbling is dazzling. If you can finish this in one sitting, you'll be a champ. It weighs in at about 18 oz or more. Most likely, a doggie bag will be in your future if you order this. Thumbs up with 5 stars!Did someone say lobster? Fresh whole lobster is the house specialty at The Palm. These are tender, succulent, premium lobsters from Nova Scotia and available in 3-6 pounds. A 3-pounder is just enough for one person and is quite succulent. They are split and grilled to perfection and served with clarified butter. The claws are cracked tableside by your waiter. It's almost like getting a show when the lobster shows up. That's what makes The Palm the best. Thumbs up with 5 stars!What's steak and seafood without sides? You didn't think that you were just getting meat.The Creamed Spinach is to die for. It's got a nice, creamy base with just a hint of nutmeg. It really makes it unique among most creamed spinach. The nutmeg makes you crave more and then suddenly, it's all gone. Thumbs up with 5 stars!The Three Cheese Potatoes are definitely the best starch side on the menu. It's like a cross between mashed potatoes and potatoes au gratin. The cheese is browned on the top giving it a crispy, smoky flavor. The potatoes are made with red potatoes so it gives it a more velvety texture. Thumbs up with 5 stars!Are you full yet? We can't forget about dessert and coffee. If you're too full and you ordered one of the specials, get it to-go and enjoy it the next day. No shame in that.The Key Lime Pie is simple yet elegant and served with a strawberry. The key lime flavor is punchy and refreshing inside the smooth, creamy filling. The graham cracker crust matches perfectly. Thumbs up with 5 stars!The Flourless Chocolate Cake is divine and also served with a strawberry. It's the most chocolate-infused cake you've ever had. Since it's flourless, it just packs a tremendous amount of flavor in every sinful bite. The cream anglais sauce balances the chocolate flavor for a serene experience. Thumbs up with 5 stars!The Carrot Cake will tower over any carrot cake you have ever had. 6 moist layers of carrot cake stacked with the most dreamy cream cheese frosting imaginable. Even if you are sharing with someone, a doggie bag is required. It is definitely the best carrot cake in Las Vegas. Thumbs up with 5 stars!
5	The Palm is spectacular. They had a special going where you got a soup/salad, an appetizer, three filet mignon, and desert for $45. There was a lot of food so I basically was able to split it with a friend. The soup was a lobster bisque which was just plain delicious.The Filet Mignon was cooked just rightAnd the cheesecake was spectacular. I have to say, my reviewed might be a bit biased since I had a good deal but like any Vegas restaurant, there's always something going on.
5	Wow!  Great meal!  Fantastic filet...great family style sides...amazing chocolate cake!  What more do you have to say?  Oh yeah, the wait staff was top notch!  Simply the best meal I have had in a long time!
5	Carrot cake is to die for! Even if you do not eat there you should get a piece to go (a piece is a fourth of a cake that will last four days for two people).
4	Did the fixed price Palm Italian Menu, and it was great.The Caprese Salad was Epic!  The ravioli was very flavorful, and the Tiramisu was, as always, amazing (and HUGE).I suggest trying the Veal Parm, as while the ravioli was good, I saw some of the Veal being served and it looked outstanding.How does the Palm always manage to be packed regardless of the economy, regardless of the time, regardless of the day of the week - or be it Easter weekend?  They surely must be doing something right...Bring back the surf and turf special soon, we miss it!
5	This is absolutely one of the BEST steakhouses I've ever been to! I ordered a filet mignon (medium) and it was very juicy and delish! my friends had the lobster and shrimp. The lobster was HUGE and tasted awesome and the shrimp was in this creamy sauce that was to die for! It is a bit noisy in that restaurant but overall the atmosphere was great!
3	Had dinner here for my friend's 25th birthday on a Sunday night. Wait was so short and the host seated us right away in a booth since we asked. The waitor took forever to take our order since he was busy, but really like it was over a 30 minute wait JUST to give us water/take our order. Food was okay. We had the steak dish for like $45... The champagne was good of course. Only thing was there was a drunk guy who sat at a table near by and he totally ruined our night. He said some inappropriate words and so the manager had to ask him to leave, but she came a little too late. Not a restaurant I would be excited to go back to when I visit Vegas again... Vegas was fun as always though!
3	Copy/pasted from my reviews of other Palms'... At least, they're consistence deserves my consistence...)Good steakhouse, friendly service.  Over sized cuts of meats and Lobsters... What does this place remind me of? Oh yea... Every other Palm in existence.Rereading what I just wrote, it appears that I have disdain for this place... I do not.  I am just not overly impressed with chain restaurants.  Though, they do it well, it's still a nationally recognized, chain restaurant.At least its consistent with the other Palms' I've been to, in that, I can always expect a good meal... Unless I'm tired and staying at the hotel, though, I'd prefer to go searching for somewhere I won't be familiar with, before looking through the window.
3	Ok, so what do you do if you have girls in a group and they like to shop for Prado and LV and random lipsticks that have 1 color only, yet takes 45 minutes to get that lipstick....well you get a brew here at the Palm Restaurant in the The Forum Shops in Caesars Palace. (just kidding ladies)Yah, definitely it kills the time to have a nice cold Sam Adams or any other choice for that matter. Great ambiance too. It's a dark bar here, no purses, or shoes or lipsticks on sale here. Just food and drink.It's a little pricey, about $9 a pint, but hey, I would rather pay the $9 pint so I can sit down and not think...really...not think for a bit. I mean there might be random distractions in the restaurant but nothing to swerve you from your non-thinking.I also like the random caricatures on the walls. Not sure what it means, maybe if you eat here long enough, you do get a caricature of yourself there as well. Who knows, but it did provide me the entertainment during my non-thinking moments.
5	Every time my wife and I are in Vegas we eat at the Palm.  The food at the Palm is consistenly excellent and service is always quite good and friendly.  Their business lunch specials are a good value.  Try their hearts of palm salad when you are there.  It is a great salad.
5	Wow, the lobster, the fillet Oscar, and the creamed corn and Tera-misu were out of this world...  The mushrooms and regular fillet were also very, very good.Another great experience at the Palm with one of our favorite waiters...  If you are dining not on a Friday or Saturday ask for Terry.  She takes great care of her patrons.
3	I had a wonderful time here with my boyfriend for a romantic, intimate dinner.  Here are the positives: delicious food, awesome server, delicious cocktails, and a fun environment.  The negatives:  my boyfriend's dinner came out warm, and more on the cool side.  He wasn't too happy about that.  Another negative was the waiter recommended the lobster.  Little did we know, we were ordering too much food, and the price of the lobster was a little crazy.  We weren't too happy about that, but considering we still had a good time, we tried not to leave with a sour taste in our mouth.
3	We ate at the Palm last night, and the food and service were good.  Be prepared to pay extra for veggies like at Morton's or Ruth Chris however.  The problem with the restaurant in Vegas is noise.  It was so loud I couldn't her what my wife, who was seated next to me was saying.  In particular, there were at least two tables of drunks nearby with people yelling at the top of their lungs.  It was like eating at the primate house at the zoo!  I want everybody to have a good time, but I feel management should have said something in particular to these people.
5	Without exception, the Businessman's Lunch has to be one of the best deals in town!The Caesar Salad is truly one of the tastiest I've ever had and the portion was huge!We each had fish (one Salmon and one Swordfish).  Didn't care for the cottage fries, and suggest the option of a French Fry or some other potato.  Also had the vegetable du jour and the swordfish was served on a bed of broccoli.OK, found my new favorite desert--the Palm's Key Lime Pie!  It looks entirely different that most Key Lime pies in that there is no meringue and the color of this one looks like butterscotch.  But it is so dense, rich in citrus flavor and simply unbelievable--very homemade tasting.I really cannot endorse the Palm enough for this bargain ($24 for all three courses per person) and hope to have dinner there next time I'm in town.
1	I was very disappointed with this restaurant and for the first time let down by reviews for this restaurant. The ambiance was very nice, but our waiter, an older gentlemen I was expecting to be a pro, first let my husband and I down by only telling us of their summer lobster special was that it would save us $50. We love lobster, but decided against it thinking it would be a whole lobster we would have to break apart ourselves (let's just say the last place I ordered a whole lobster turned into an extremely messy and unpleasant affair). However, as we waited for a very long time for our beverages to arrive, we watched waiters bringing food to nearby tables and saw the lobster special. It was already split and the waiter even broke apart the rest of the lobster for you and took away the shells upon service of your food. We were a little mad our waiter did not tell us this, it would have been a selling point for us. Anyway, as a starter I ordered a Garden Salad with the Garlic Vinaigrette on the side, which was really pure oil, not even good tasting extra virgin olive oil.... It made me upset to my stomach. As an entree, I had the broiled crab cakes, which were okay. My husband had a steak, he also thought was okay, but after having a steak at the Mesa Grill the previous night he thought his steak at Palm did not compare. Overall, this was not a good experience especially, for the cost of the meal.
2	Food:  2 StarService: 2 StarAmbience: 3 StarAs a Palm "frequent diner Club" member, I have to say this is probably the worst meal I've had at any Palm, and it does pain me to say that.Greet times at the hostess station and at our table were slow for a late lunch (1:30 on Memorial Day Monday).  We ended up sitting "outside" in the Caesar's promenade area because there was a larger party just breaking up inside.  Only four other tables on the patio.  There was just an overall lack of energy, lack of enthusiasm, lack of attentiveness, which is quite unusual for a Palm.  Maybe after a long Holiday weekend everyone's energy level was a bit down.We went with the Businessman's Lunch special -- my usual go-to meal option.  The Lobster Bisque was beyond salty.  I mentioned it to the server, and she offered to replace it.  I didn't want to bother at that point, so I kind of blew it off (not knowing what was to come).  Had I known, I would have send it back & requested a salad.  Ended up drinking 3 - 4 glasses of water to compensate for the LV parched air and the saltiness in the bisque.Second course:  NY Strip steak -- both of us ordered med-rare.  Mine was cooked properly (it was a tad thicker than my hubby's) in the middle (edges were overdone), but no flavor and had a mealy consistency.  Hubby sent his back once, and should have sent it back a second time.  Poorly cooked, poorly seasoned, unimpressive steaks.  We each ate less than half of our steaks after picking through them & trying to find more tender tasty bits.  Definitely the worst steaks I've ever had a high-end steak house -- maybe the leftovers on the holiday Monday?Server ended up talking (and talking and talking . . . ) to the table next to us about a common interest while we were sitting there with obviously "finished" plates, and we waited for our plates to be cleared . . . .and waited to order our desserts ("to go" because we were fed up)  . . . . and waited for our check  . . . . and waited for its return.  FWIW - the key lime pie was nice, but the cheesecake was spot-on as usual!  We took them with us back to the Bellagio & ate them in the Sports Book while watching day baseball.  That was the best part of the meal, even though we had to bum silverware from the bar in the Sports Book because our server hadn't put any silver, napkins or the usual "to go" packets.Overall, not an overwhelming experience.
5	Yes since we were staying at Caesar's Palace this restaurant is located in the shops downstairs. Thank goodness our party picked this restaurant as the thought of walking in heels to another hotel was frightening. No doubt this restaurant is consistently good with excellent service. We were a group of twelve, our table was set up in the back dining room. From the moment we sat, the service and attention we received was outstanding. What I love about this place so much no matter what city you are in, although it is a high end restaurant, the waiters are not snobby or uptight. The total opposite, they are funny, knowledgeable, and a true delight! They were running a special for two people which was Lobster with two sides. Everyone at our table nibbled on calamari and other appetizers. I was busy socializing and drinking Honig Cabernet Sauvignon. Great little Cabernet Sauvignon for the price. I adored our waiter who realized very quickly I was enjoying the wine the most. He never ever let my glass get below half. Who really knows how many b bottle's I myself had because it was a very very long dinner. We were there over three hours. whew, yes I needed to drink. Hubby realized he better get some food in me quickly. Our lobster arrived with a side of spinach and mashed potatoes. Hubby took my shell off for me so I could enjoy my lobster. I am not a huge fan of lobster, can take it or leave it but wow this was amazing. It melted in your mouth with a sweetness of pure delight. It was one of the best lobster's I ever ate. Yeah, they made me a fan of it. Everyone at our table enjoyed their entrees very much, some of the steak dishes made me a bit jealous. My sister and her husband were dining on the other side of the restaurant and they asked their waiter to play a trick on me. It was comical and he did a great job playing along because again these waiter's are a blast. From the moment we arrived and had a few drinks at the bar with friendly bartender's, the food was awesome, service impeccable, this is a must visit if looking for a great quality restaurant. At least you get consistent great food and service unlike a couple of other high end restaurants in Vegas that are a ripoff. Much thanks for a great evening, you were all wonderful. Highly recommend.
5	This was our first meal on this trip to Vegas.  I had never been to Palm, but my husband has been a regular.  He told me all about the shoestring onion rings...tried them...yummm.  He had the Panko encrusted Ahi Tuna.  It was very good.  I had the lobster roll.  It was rich and creamy lobster salad on a kaiser roll...very good.  They must be known for their lobster, because there were several people eating that.  Our entrees were about $20 each.  They have a good wine list.  We had a bottle of Hartford Ct Chardonnay for $97.  Rodney Strong Chardonnay was $14 for a small pour, $20 for a large pour.  We also had an amazing server (David W).  He was very personable and fun.  We took a few more breaks at the bar in between shopping, and I have to say the bartenders and servers were all very attentive and great at what they do.  Nice atmosphere - we sat on the "patio" which is outside of the restaurant, but inside The Forum, so opportunity for people watching.  The bar area was fun with the caricatures all over the wall, and there are TVs if you're a sports fan.
2	My last meal in Vegas was such a disappointment. I stopped by The Palm after lots of walking and was starving. I looked over the menu and ordered the business lunch special (3 course lunch for like $20). The soup of the day was a chowder that was fairly decent but the fresh fish of the day however was drained in sauce that was overpowered by lemon juice. I could only handle a few bites and moved on to my vegetable side which was way over cooked and soggy. I prayed the dessert would be better and it definitely was thank goodness.  The service was nice but was incredibly slow. We had a flight to catch and I had to ask for my ticket three times, boo.
5	Four words you better remember or you will regret it for the rest of your life!TOASTED WHITE CHOCOLATE BREAD.Ask for it!  You will love this bread, if you are a bread fanatic like I am.  When they toast it; even better!  I will come here strictly for the bread. I was here a couple weekends ago with my boyfriend and another couple.  Each of us couples had the lobster meal for 2.  It came with a HUGE lobster and 2 sides.  More than enough food!  And it was only $95.  Good deal to me!  We were stuffed by the end of the night and thought that it was well worth the money.  The best sides are the mushrooms and the cream of spinach (best I've ever tasted).  Again, please don't forget to order the bread (toasted), you will come back crawling for more.
4	Had lunch again at the Palm, and once again it didn't disappoint.  The food is consistently excellent, and the service is, too.  The wait staff here are real pros who know how to deliver an excellent dining experience.  You are going to get terrific old school food and terrific old school service.  Be forewarned, though, this place can get pricey quick.  Lunch for two with tip was about $220.00 for drinks, salads, steaks, one side split two ways, and coffee.  The specials are often good bets.  See my previous review below.
5	F-- avoritest dining spot in Vegas.I-- wasn't expecting to like this place as much as I did.V-- ery impressed with our waiter Coyote. He's Fabulous!E-- xperienced top notch serviceS-- o, I ordered the lobster to share. It was 4 lbs and so yum!T-- hey gave us lobster bisque soup samplers which were goodA-- te tons of their bread pre- dinner. It was so yummy.R-- eally liked our 'bus girl' who tied bibs around our necks!S-- uper great service. We mentioned we were tired but still wanted to hit up a club.  The waitstaff brought us out free espressos with rock candy sugar to keep us awake. Could not have asked for a better meal.
3	I don't have a complaint about the food.  I have a complaint about the location and the decor.  We had the lobster for two.  A much better deal than buying everything separate off of the menu.  For two, it cost about $150.  The food was tasty and the Chardonay was great!  The restaurant is not fancy and it is in a part of Caesars that looks like a mall.  The restaruant looks like a store front at a cheasy mall.  Very disappointing.  For the price, I would go to a fancier restaurant.  I was dressed up for a night on the town and was out of place at this bib-wearing cartoon pictures pasted on the wall restaurant.  The only thing missing were the peanut shells on the floor.  Too high priced for such a casual place in an ugly area.
5	I stopped in here for a business meeting with some reps of a vendor of ours.We were seated almost immediately once our whole party arrived. The wait staff was very friendly and completely on top of any and every need.I was craving prime rib, bit upon perusing the menu, the "Surf & Turf" option caught my eye. Prime Rib & Lobster? How could one resist?My plate came out and HOLY SH^T! I felt like Fred Flinstone...there was a whopping  amount of food on my plate. 3 others had order 32oz steaks each and my plate entirely dwarfed theirs. I got about 2lbs of lobster, and the thickest cut of prime rib I've ever seen! It was roughly 2" thick. Had I ordered just the prime rib alone, it would have been more than enough food for me.Needless to say, I killed the lobster, but didn't bother trying to dig the meat out of all the nooks of the lobster, as I still had a ton of prime rib to try to tackle. I got about half way through the prime rib when I had to throw in the towel. There simply was just way too much there for just one person. Had there been money on the line, I would have put it all away and felt miserable afterwards.Surf and Turf is awesome, but if you are getting the prime rib, I suggest getting a side dish and plan to share the meal with someone!I stopped in here for a business meeting with some reps of a vendor of ours.We were seated almost immediately once our whole party arrived. The wait staff was very friendly and completely on top of any and every need.I was craving prime rib, bit upon perusing the menu, the "Surf & Turf" option caught my eye. Prime Rib & Lobster? How could one resist?My plate came out and HOLY SH^T! I felt like Fred Flinstone...there was a whopping  amount of food on my plate. 3 others had order 32oz steaks each and my plate entirely dwarfed theirs. I got about 2lbs of lobster, and the thickest cut of prime rib I've ever seen! It was roughly 2" thick. Had I ordered just the prime rib alone, it would have been more than enough food for me.Needless to say, I killed the lobster, but didn't bother trying to dig the meat out of all the nooks of the lobster, as I still had a ton of prime rib to try to tackle. I got about half way through the prime rib when I had to throw in the towel. There simply was just way too much there for just one person. Had there been money on the line, I would have put it all away and felt miserable afterwards.Surf and Turf is awesome, but if you are getting the prime rib, I suggest getting a side dish and plan to share the meal with someone!
4	the rating and the following was based on my experience in 2009.  i heard the menu has since changed, and the meals i had are no longer on the menu.  bummer.********************************************I've been to Palm more than a few times, and i was never disappointed!I had their club member special, which includes a salad, half and half of cottage fries and onion rings, and an order of their Filet Mignon Oscar style.The salad was pretty standard, mixed greens tosses with light vinegrette.  It definitely went great with their assorted bread basket, which has a white chocolate bread that I've never had anywhere else!  I'd go back just for that bread!For those of you who don't know what cottage fries are, they're basically hot-off-da-fryer-fresh thick cut potato chips.  The serving is huge!  The plate was piled high with them fries, then topped off with another pile of  strings of thinly battered and fried sweet onion that has a perfect balance of crunchiness and sweetness.  I'd go back just for them fries and rings too!Oscar style Filet Mignon, where do I start!  The tender filet is always perfectly cooked to order, then its paired with that creamy hollandaise sauce, fresh lumped crab, and baby asparagus...simply perfection!service is friendly and it's also a great place to people watch if you sit outside the restaurant.
1	The management and the kitchen should be ashamed.  My husband and I are locals, and professionals in the restaurant industry in Las Vegas.  We stopped by to have nice lunch on a weekday.  I ordered my steak to be prepared "rare."  It came out medium-rare, bordering on medium.  The server asked how everything was, politely apologized, and replaced the steak.The next steak the kitchen sent out was RAW.  Cold from the cooler, slapped on the grill for seconds to vaguely impart grill marks, raw red meat with cold white fat.  There is a difference between rare and raw.  The server apologized and repeatedly offered to bring me another entree, but after the clear message I received from the kitchen, I did not trust the cooks or the chef that allowed that to be served to a guest.  I ate nothing.  The server was attentive and concerned checking back with us a few times;  however, the manager, Diego Montemayor, did not approach our table until the after my husband had finished his meal, and our table had been cleared.  He did not ask about the situation, and only said "Hey sorry about the hiccup with the steak- we'll take it off your bill."  When we paid our bill and left the restaurant- the manager did not acknowledge us, and avoided eye contact.   Maybe Palm restaurant has lowered their standards.  We were looking forward to a nice meal that we have come to expect from the Palm, as I've eaten at the Chicago location several times.  It is extremely disappointing that the chef would allow the cooks to send out such a clear "f u" to guests and the management would not properly address the situation.  They are obviously not concerned with upholding their reputation or keeping a local clientele.
5	Amazing service, amazing food.  The lobster was awesome.  Came with a group, and they gave us our own back room, without even requesting it.  Only problem, unless you know where you are going, its a little hard to find.  Look for the Burberry cuz its right across from Palm, since everyone we asked thought we were looking for the Palm hotel.
5	This place is a sentimental favorite as it was the first steakhouse I ever had a truly great steak years ago. This place has been around for years for a reason. The food is solid and the service is impeccable, and that doesn't seem to vary from location to location the way it does in some places.The filet mignon is melt in your mouth good ( if they have a bone -in filet mignon spend the extra bucks- its worth it ) Most of the stuff is standard steak house stuff with a few Italian options to boot. The sides are family style and  more than enough for 2 people. Haven't had too many desserts here usually too stuffed, but the chocolate cake is to die for good.
5	Hurray! Restaurant Week has begun in Las Vegas, and we decided to take immediate advantage on opening day by reserving a table at The Palm in The Forum Shops. Besides, we had a "$50 off" card from American Express that had to be used by August 31st. The Palm was cool about allowing us to apply the card to two $50.11 Restaurant Week special dinners, and allowed Diane to substitute Chicken Rice Soup for salad or Carpaccio of Beef Tenderloin without extra charge, plus have a whole order of Cottage Fries rather than the listed Half & Half of Cottage Fries and Fried Onions. Bearnaise Sauce was provided without charge to boot, and Bordelaise Sauce cost only $3.50 for enough steak topping for two.  Ambiance was that of a clubby and woodsy urban steakhouse with white tablecloths and very professional, white-aproned servers.  Our booth was very comfortable. We thought the experience would be very good, but did not anticipate that our 9 oz. Filet Mignon steaks would be as tender as they were. Both filets were served warm rather than hot but cooked medium rare as ordered right on the money, and the meat literally melted in the mouth. The Bearnaise Sauce was creamy in texture and superior in flavor, and the Bordelaise Sauce was viscous and dark brown in appearance. It was very tasty, too, yet without a hint of any noticeable red wine. Lobster Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans with Pancetta and Pine Nuts were excellent accompaniments. The mashed potatoes contained a few large chunks of lobster. Savory pancetta was present in small cubes but no pepper flakes announced in the Restaurant Week menu were detectable in the green beans, which was good news to me. The Cottage Fries were warm and just slightly greasy. Very much like large homemade potato chips, they had obviously just come out of a deep fryer, and were enhanced by dabs of offered Heinz Ketchup. We thought it odd that we had to request the Restaurant Week menu from our server, but it came quickly after we did. (I came armed with a copy from the DISH website just in case.) Diane was surprised by the red coloring of the Chicken Rice Soup, and does not like tomato-based items, so I was lucky enough to get to enjoy both soup and salad. The hot soup was excellent--an unusual take on Chicken Rice Soup. It contained long strands of fresh chicken, pieces of celery, soft carrot wedges, a generous amount of rice, and a very tasty, colorful, tomato-oriented broth. My Parmesan Cheese-sprinkled Caesar Salad was very good except too peppery after I gave our server the green light to add some crushed peppercorns to it. I hadn't realized that a fair amount of pepper had already been added to the Romaine Lettuce in the kitchen. Even slices of bread served with soft butter squares were very tasty. The sourdough bread was very sour, and brown bread contained sweet raisins and nuts.  Water and Iced Tea were constantly refilled without request, and still offered even after I had already paid the bill and was just waiting for my wife to return from the restroom. The waiter forgot to bring more butter but her assistant immediately responded to a second request. And, Diane's steak that had been requested with little char was mistakenly served to me, and mine with more char (but not much) had been initially presented to her. We figured this out halfway through the meal, and just switched steaks. They were almost identical anyway. The four-course dinner Restaurant Week Special also included a choice of Key Lime Pie, a half pint of gelato, or Flourless Chocolate Cake. Diane ordered the Flourless Chocolate Cake, and I the Key Lime Pie, which was covered in a rich berry sauce, with a large strawberry and whipped cream on the side. It had a perfect graham cracker crust and just the right amount of tartness. Because Diane is allergic to berries, and her dessert was brought to the table on top of some berry gel squiggles on the plate, a plain replacement had to be provided, which was cheerfully and quickly done. The very dense and rich cake (which of course I sampled) was served with Creme Anglaise and whipped cream on the side. We probably took longer finishing our rich desserts than our 9 oz. filets!With the American Express discount, at meal's end the whole bill came to barely over $50, which was hard to believe. I tipped generously on what would have cost slightly over $100, and still have been a real bargain; and we spent an extra $25 to join The Palm Restaurant's 837 Club. We will get the $25 back in food or drink on a future visit to any Palm Restaurant as soon as we use a gift card we were given for that purpose within 60 days. I suspect we will be back quite soon! For the Calamari, Shrimp Cocktail, and split lobsters we saw at other tables simply looked delicious, too. For us, it was a great opening day for Restaurant Week 2011!
2	Overall:  The steak is cooked nicely and the wild mushrooms side dish was delicious.  It's a chill, old-school style steakhouse to hang in, and very casual.  Although I've personally had a better experience in other steakhouses, Palm Restaurant still has its own character and provides a finely cooked steak.  I'd still come to this restaurant if a friend wanted to go, but I wouldn't recommend this place to others.NOTE: My friend and I came here because we had the Amex $50 gift card which basically gave us a free steak.  I still consider overall value (price paid vs food & service received) from the total check price.  Setting: Spontaneous dinner to take advantage of the $50 Palm Restaurant gift card from Amex, Monday 08/29/2011.Thumbs Up: Filet Mignon, cooked medium (chef cooks the steak to perfection).  Wild mushrooms side dish was delicious.Thumbs Down:  Service staff not knowledgeable about the pairing the wines w/ their steak.  A merlot was recommended that tasted bleh w/ the Filet Oscar, but good w/ the wild mushrooms.  Black peppercorn sauce is not worth it, as it tastes just like spicy brown gravy.  DO NOT get the Half and Half side dish (basically potato chips and shoestring onion rings) because they don't cook it well - oil wasn't hot enough so the chips and onions basically absorbed too much of the oil, making it taste extremely greasy.  Creme brulee is too thick for my taste and the burnt top was too thick.Tip: They offer a lifetime club for $25, but you get it back as a gift card.  It's worth it if you like to frequent this place.
1	Horrible experience! We walk in and the old man greeter ignores us for a good 10 minutes then tells us there won't be a table for 2 hours.... But there was plenty seating around!HORRIBLE SERVICE
4	Great old school, NYC style servers.  Our favorite lump crab meat cocktail and bread basket!  We always order this for lunch at the bar to get our crab meat fix while in Vegas!
2	For what you pay for..... It was a miss for me...Ordered Caesar Salad, NY Strip and sides; and tasted the lobster bisque...Salad, well the best of the meal.....Soup, salty... Wasn't expecting that... Bummer..Steak, cooked a shade red too much... Should have sent it back.  But sadly, it didn't have the 'flavor' a $40  cut should have....Sides, non descript.... Big miss on the asparagus (deep fried, missed that on the menu probably) The atmosphere was nice though... Wait staff worked hard, BUT she got a little too familiar with conversation; a lot of that can be attributable to the group size and characteristic of the group.Will I come back, nope....  There are other favorites out there...
5	Palm Restaurant seems to be one of those places that, every single time you mention the name, someone who's been there goes "Ooh I love that place, you need to try the _____, they have the best _____!!! Oh my god, it's sooo good!" Every time I've heard that, it was a completely different menu item. That's how I knew Palm had to be on my list of places I absolutely have to try. So the other day, on my birthday, I finally tried it. I don't even know where to begin with the list of reasons I love this place. I guess I'll start with the decor, since that's the first thing you notice. The place may not seem like much, being in the middle of a high volume shopping area. But it's a high dollar, high volume shopping area. So at least you know it's not gonna be like a mall's food court or something. I chose to eat inside. The place has a nice old school restaurant kind of charm to it. There are drawings all over the walls but the servers are dressed nice, mostly the customers are all dressed at least somewhat formally as well. I don't think you'd necessarily be out of place if you were dressed down a bit either. Even though I wasn't seated near it, the bar seemed pretty cool. I had a good enough view from my table to keep an eye on the score of the Jets game (Bonus Points, but really, Go Giants!). Now on to the next thing you'll notice; the service. The service at this place is outstanding!! Honestly, outstanding isn't a good enough word for the service. I'm just too lazy to pull up my computer's thesaurus, so I guess, just deal with it. These people hustle, old-school Vegas style! Glasses were never empty and everything was prompt. It may be because they knew it was my b-day, but they were like extra awesome to us. I got a personal handwritten birthday card, they made it rain birthday confetti on my table (I swear I'm not making any of this up!!), and after the meal, I got a giant slice of this phenomenal cheesecake along with a few cups of pretty good coffee, all on the house. How awesome is that?? The busboy was from New York too; being all New Yorkers, we B.S.'ed quite a bit about back home. Just even more personal touches on top of the others. Good things, good things. The server on the other hand, had a very thick asian accent; we couldn't understand her very well. It still wasn't bad enough to even take off a half of a star, which is good, because I can't technically do that, even if I wanted to. Moving on..So I guess even phenomenal service wouldn't earn a 5-star review if the food wasn't top notch. In this case it was pretty damn close to top-notch. I got the bone-in ribeye and their french fries. If I had never eaten Firefly's incredible fries this place would have taken the title of my favorite french fries in this town. So Palm will have to settle for second place in the fry department. Now as far as the main dish; Palm made the best Ribeye I have had in Vegas so far. Dry-aged (expect nothing less for $40 or so) and cooked to perfection. It was juicy on the inside, and seared wonderfully on the outside. It had a great flavor as well; not overly seasoned but seasoned just right. I don't mind getting a $40 steak when it tastes that good and is that filling. I was stuffed. It was a struggle to even put a dent in that cheesecake afterward. And this boy can eat!! I swear I must be 400 pounds on the inside somehow. Or maybe just in another life. So there you have it folks. I finally tried one of the like 10 steakhouses that I hear people rave about in this town. And I happened to love it. Oh by the way, when anyone asks me about Palm my response is going to be... "I love this place, you need to try the bone-in rib eye. They have the best rib-eye!! Oh my god, it's soooo good!!" Yea, I guess I drank the koolaid too.
3	Oh, I really wanted this lunch to be great.  My husband loves the Palm Restaurant, and really wanted to go for dinner on our trip to Vegas.  We didn't have the opportunity to go for dinner, so as a consolation I agreed to go for lunch.   We had highs and lows throughout the meal, but I can say this was the worst experience we've had there.  We have enjoyed several dinners at the Palm and have always had a great experience, so this lunch was just a little off, specifially the food.  Service was still top-notch.We ordered a bottle of Navarro Chardonnnay, which we were very excited to find on the menu after traveling to Mendocino, CA and visiting this winery last year.  It's a good chardonnay with "big, heavy" flavors, as opposed to a really light white wine.  My husband went on to order a burger, so this was a good thing!The bread basket was great, soft pretzel bread, a sweeter, walnuty bread, crispy bread sticks, it was tough not to fill up on the bread!  We were off to a very good start. I chose to start with the soup of the day, which was tortilla (not chicken tortilla, just tortilla).  The soup was so disappointing.  It didn't have any spice, it actually had very little flavor, and it was served lukewarm.  The server brought over some Tabasco (I think she overheard me tell my husband that it was pretty flavorless) but that didn't do much to improve the soup.For my meal, I was torn between crab cakes and a lobster roll.  The server was very nice, and said that both are good choices.  Hmmmm... no help there!  I'm sure servers hate when people ask things like that, and I'm notorious for it!  I ultimately went with the crab cakes when she said that they would be a lighter meal than the lobster roll (after the soup, I figured that wasn't a bad thing).  She did say something to the effect of "there is a hint of curry in the crab cakes"... I don't hate curry, I like a "hint" of it in some things, so I thought this would be fine.I was very disappointed in the crab cakes.  The curry was really strong, it overwhelmed all the other flavors that you would expect from a good crab cake, most importantly, the crab!  It was served with a chipotle tarter sauce, and the curry and chipotle combo was not a good one.  I think that the curry should be noted on the menu, it is such an overwhelming flavor in the dish, and I think people usually either like curry, or really dislike it.  It would affect my choice, after trying them and really disliking the curry.My husband ordered a steakburger topped with roasted green chilis, chimichurri, cheddar, and smoked bacon.  The beef was delicious and the brioche roll was very good.  The toppings were good, but a little bland.  That isn't necessarily a bad thing because the flavor of the beef was so good that it would have been a shame to mask it with too many toppings, but if you ordered that particular burger specifically for the flavors that the toppings suggest (spicy?), you might be disappointed.Our service was attentive and quick, and the Palm setting is nice, with the caricatures of customers and celebrities on the walls, there is plenty to look at while waiting on your meal.  Overall, it was a fine lunch, just not the best dining experience we've had at a Palm Restaurant.
1	Where I come from, when you spill a drink on a patron, you don't laugh about it.  While walking by, flirting with a waiter, the hostess knocked into my significant other's drink and it spilled on her.  You'd expect a sincere apology, but instead the hostess giggled like a child and walked away!  It was absurd.  A very kind bus boy immediately came to our aid, switched us to a dry table, etc, but the hostess never came back over to apologize.  It was incredibly unprofessional.  No manager ever came over. If you want a classy place to have a delicious meal (whether it's steaks or seafood), there are no less than 10 places within half of mile of The Palm that have better food and better service.  Top pick, Mastro's.
3	Dinner started off well enough for my party of four, with very good, fresh bread and butter, although it seemed odd that two place settings were missing cloth napkins.  We secured them from an adjoining table.  A bowl of New England Clam Chowder was very nice, with good-sized chunks of potatoes and clams.  It had a unique tang to it, different than most bland chowders.  A classic Caesar Salad with fresh Romaine Lettuce leaves, small crunchy croutons, and a delicious and creamy Caesar dressing was very satisfying, although no server or assistant server asked if I would like some cracked pepper on the salad.  (I did.)Two twin Nova Scotia Lobster Tails were quite adequate in portion size and fairly sweet, with more than enough drawn butter presented on the plate.  But I had to ask for a replacement knife after my first one was taken.  My party shared sides of Asparagus, Brussel Sprouts, Wild Mushrooms, and Au Gratin Potatoes.  The potatoes were cheesy and very pleasing.  The mushrooms were springy and delicious.  The Asparagus was thin but tasty.  Only the Brussel Sprouts were too tough, and not cooked through.  And, everything but the soup was served not quite hot enough.Up to 20 minutes after the arrival of the entrees, my glass of Iced Tea had been refilled without having to ask for same.  But then the wheels fell off!My glass now stayed empty for over 30 minutes, and our table was seemingly forgotten.  While our server toiled at an adjoining table, he paid no attention to ours any more.  At length our plates were cleared by another, but there was still no sign of our waiter.  No one presented us with any dessert menus, and no one asked if we might be interested in dessert.  (We were.)  Finally, after over 10 more minutes had passed without any further server contact, I had had enough, and asked a buser for our bill, which arrived a few minutes later.  This was a disappointing dining experience--especially after the great food and service my wife and I had enjoyed here two months ago, and because we were introducing two of our friends to the Palm after telling them how great it was.  I am a relatively new member of the Palm's 837 Club for loyal customers, and presented my membership card as soon as we were greeted by our server.  If this is the way returning customers are treated, I feel sorry for the first-time tourist who decides to dine here.  But I suppose everyone is entitled to an off-night, and dining experiences rely on a convergence of elements, including one's draw of a server.  So, I hope that what we experienced on this occasion was but an aberration.  In any event, two rating stars were deservedly lost since our last encounter here.
5	My favorite all around Steakhouse in Vegas. Never had a bad meal. Service is excellent and the staff really know there stuff. It is not too pretentious in there at all. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. However I love the monday night salad.
2	Palm used to rock 5 star food & service years ago, but on a recent visit the service was just awful.  Our waiter was constantly MIA and when we did see him and we would ask for things that would never come (drink refills, missing order, fresh cracked pepper, dipping sauce).  We were so disparate that we had to flag down other waiters to get anything, including refills on water.  I ordered a glass of wine, which took a half hour to arrive and I had to ask about the status 3 times before receiving it.  It was a Saturday early afternoon and the lunch traffic was moderate, so I really can't understand why the service was so off.  We ordered a side dish for the table of cottage fries that never came, but we were still charged for it when our check arrived.  I'm totally bummed because I used to dine here often with fantastic experiences.
3	The atmosphere and service were great.  I don't eat meat but usually love this type restaurant for salads and sides.  I had a salad, fried asparagus and a potato dish, none of which I particularly enjoyed.
2	We had high expectations for this Palm restaurant because of the Vegas location. Sadly, our experience was mediocre at best.The steaks were on the dry side, despite being cooked as requested (medium). We ordered goat cheese mashed potatoes but they gave us regular mashed that were on the cold side and stiff, like they had been sitting out for a long time. The server did offer to fix the potato order but we canceled before the fresh batch was brought out. The energy and quality of the food is so much better at the DC Palm (and other locations, I'm sure).
5	Yeah. This place spits game that's legit.Let me set the scene. Last night, at the Elite event, several Elite Yelpers and I were feeling the hunger a bit. We'd had a few cocktails, and some appetizers. Most of us were ready for a serious nosh session. Thankfully Rob P aka veeRob aka the Master of Disaster had a Happy Hour (Prime Time) menu for Palm saved on his phone.We walked over, had a seat at the bar, and ordered off this heavenly Happy Hour Menu. 9:30-close. Let's start with the things I loved:--Service. Our bartender's name was Jax. I have a slight crush on her. She is pretty awesome. I should come back and talk to her. Hopefully she's not married or something.--Food. Awesome. I ordered the Steak sliders, the Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail and the Lobster BLT sliders. My total tab was under 20 bones.--The ambience. Perfect. I was able to hang out with my friends, and watch some basketball. All at once.I'd come back. This is a great spot for a date, business lunch, or whatnot. It's a tad pricey when it's not Happy Hour. I'll be a bargain shopper and come back during Prime Time.Next time, I'm coming back and trying the oysters. Only a $1.50 or so. Not bad. And yes, this is a multi-location restaurant (a chain). There are some locations in LA. This is just as good as the original in NYC. Git some.
2	Save yourself the suspense... this Palm Restaurant in Las Vegas is not worth the price. Mainly a steakhouse menu, and costs a pretty penny. Steaks here are OK... not amazing. The bill was just as expensive as going to Peter Lugers in NYC but steaks are not at the same level. Skip this joint and head over to the Craps table with your money - at least you'll have more fun spending your dough.
5	Love, love, love this restaurant.  I've had so many special times at the restaurant with great friends and loved ones.  It is loud and bustling - they brought the ambiance of NYC from their original place.  Superb steaks.  Just terrific - no other way to describe it.
5	LOBSTER, LOBSTER, LOBSTER....READ ALL ABOUT IT!  Okay I've been meaning to write this review for awhile, but keep forgetting.  My hubby took me here when he was trying to impress me and I was SOO craving Lobster. He kept raving about the steaks here, but I my first Love is Seafood particularly Lobster and then steak.  Well I had some other things here and he had the steak, which I remember tasting delicious, but the One thing I do still dream about was the fresh 6 lb lobster.  Yes I did say 6 lb Lobster.  We got there a little late and we asked about their lobsters, they said the smaller ones were all gone.  Let me tell you, I ATE Every Morsel of that heavenly seafood God.. MMM..MMM..MMM.. so foodgasmic!  And the cost of $120 for it was WELL DAM WORTH IT!...Now will my hubby be taking me out there for lobster again?..Heck No..Thank god I was able to experience this when I did, because these days our budget eatings cut in half..lol
4	I've been here a few times over the years and the dinner has always been fantastic but my latest find has been the happy hour appetizers.  I'm sure there are better deals in Las Vegas but how often can you catch a game, eat delicious steak sliders with crisp homemade chips for only $10.  I know you're thinking what about drinks, those are full price but if you're ever looking for a snack before a show like I recently was, this was a great place to have a drink, quick bite, and meet up with friends.  If you're up for a nice dinner with friends, then please do try the regular dining.  The service is attentive but not bothersome and the food is prepared well and always as you like.  I've made it a date night and equally well for dinner with the guys, great good and great people watching if you get a table out front.
5	If lobster got any better it'd be illegal.The food is exceptional, the portions generous, the service impeccable, the drinks good. Actually, there's very negatives about the Palm, except perhaps the prices, but then if the prices were lower, the quality would overall quality would probably suffer.My wife tried the filet and almost broke down in tears.The food is really that good
4	The Palm is located in The Forum Shops, shortly after entering the shops, on the left side. We went here on Wednesday around 1pm for a Birthday lunch for my Mom who was in town.  We were promptly sat in the bar, which we requested, cause their booths looked super comfy!My mom ordered a glass of wine and we each ordered the: Louis "Gigi" Delmaestro Salad: shrimp, green beans, tomato, onion, bacon, iceberg lettuce, roasted pepper, egg and avocado tossed in a garlic vinaigrette.The salad was light with lots of great flavors.  I could have used a tad more dressing but it was yummy!The only down side:  $45 for lunch for two salads and ONE glass of wine.  Ummm... that seems pretty steep to me.Side note: I've been to The Palm in other cities (even though they have closed most of them) and if you have room, definitely order the 7-layer carrot cake.  It's probably the best I have ever had!  You can buy The Palm cook book and they have the recipe in there, which is exactly what you get at the restaurant.  Very cool that they give you all of that info!  I would definitely head back, but probably for a couple glasses of wine and some appetizers.
4	3.5 stars...but I bumped this up a half star because of the impeccable service I received when I came here with my brother.  Our waiter was fantastic at being both personable and attentive without being obtrusive. He explained things clearly and even made small talk.  We walked in after scouting around the Forum Shoppes for a not-very crowded restaurant, but also one where we could sit and talk for a while because we were waiting for our parents to get out of the Celine Dion show.  It had a nice old-school steakhouse feel with dimmed lights and deep mahogany, but also had some cartoon caricatures on the wall for fun. As for the food, I was semi-impressed.  First off, the drinks looked impressive, but overall were just expensive.  It was $3 for a little glass bottle of Coca-cola! Cute.....but pricey.  My brother ordered the Chicken Parmesean (which was HUGE....like the size of my head!) with a side of Spaghetti Marinara.  The chicken and pasta were pretty good! Unfortunately, since I had a much smaller appetite, I decided to order two appetizers instead of a full meal.  Big mistake! While the portions were outrageously large, the food I ordered was just mediocre.  I had a Caprese Salad (which featured 3 HUGE super thick slices of bland flavorless tomatoes topped with big gobs of also flavorless mozerella cheese and no basil in sight) and the Calamari (nicely battered, but a little over-seasoned).
5	Who would've thought Palm Restaurant would be so damn good. It's definitely not as glamourous as its surrounding competitors, but their food and prices are unmatched. Myself and my friend split their 3 course meal which included soup or salad, a choice of main course and side, and dessert.For starters we ordered the Ceasar salad. It was a normal Ceasar salad that had the perfect amount of dressing and croutons.For our main dish we got the special, a seared halibut with 2 types of mushrooms. It was delicious and filling enough do two people! The waiter even graciously split the main dish into two plates. I thought that was especially generous and considerate. For a side we got garlic asparagus. The asparagus was also very yummy.For dessert we got the chocolate cake. It was sooooo rich and delicious. Makes me drool even thinking of it!At the end of our meal my friend and I were stuffed! We were incredibly satisfied with the food and the impeccable service from our friendly and attentive server. 5 stars well deserved.
4	I still try to re-create the West Coast Gigi salad on a weekly basis; succulent shrimp, avocado... it's heavenly. Branzino entree, mmmmmmmmm. Seafood cooked to PERFECTION.Use your expense account -- VERY expensive for the quantity and types of food that are on the menu. It's like a Gucci bag, you're paying for the name. Can definitely get the same thing for the same quality for much cheaper at a better looking place.... but cmon, it's The Palm! Barry the waiter in Vegas is great, a legend.
3	We went for the wonderful late night happy hour, except it starts at 9:30 and in a town like Vegas, they're already trying to close shorty after.  We walked in at 10:15ish on a Friday night and were told the kitchen was closed.  Come on!I asked them to serve us and found out that the kitchen was actually open, she just didn't want to serve us (she eventually warmed up).  I soon realized while trying to enjoy some food, that the staff hates their customers and endlessly bitches about people coming in late (but they were seated so the restaurant was obviously still open).  One server was so angry that a table kept ordering bottles of wine and food.  He'd rather go home 45 minutes (too) early than make a $100-$200 tip?  Silly boy.The happy hour food menu was $5/dish and that's amazing!  We had 3 Angus sliders, 3 very high quality lobster sliders, and 3 crab cakes all for $15!!!! Wow!  The crab cakes were shamelessly small but still worth the price, burgers were good quality but nearly bite sized, and the lobster was fresh and tasted wonderful.I'd go back if the timing was perfect, but I'll lower my expectations about the staff and their vocal chatter.  Too bad because this is The Palm, not some crappy chain restaurant.
3	Palm in Caesar's Palace is just one of many and I mean many steakhouses in Las Vegas.  Came here specifically for the $25.95 Business Lunch Special.  No you don't have to be a businessman or woman to enjoy it! :)Here's a Snap shot of the "Business Lunch" offering:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w12x7UBSSRsdbp3ZqguG3Q?select=v4-qsEd_pRl2IBtmxvH-wgFOOD: 3.5/5 stars+Assortment of Bread: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w12x7UBSSRsdbp3ZqguG3Q?select=WChTczTAlWHiukaXECsK2A+Caesar Salad:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w12x7UBSSRsdbp3ZqguG3Q?select=WmHUl_yzQBNKW1p-f5wv8g+1/2 and 1/2 (shoe string potatoes and potato chips: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w12x7UBSSRsdbp3ZqguG3Q?select=HxYQB5W4zL-uObpJc8VG5w+10 oz angus aged steak with mashed potatoes and brandy peppercorn sauce: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w12x7UBSSRsdbp3ZqguG3Q?select=sIR5w4Hk4jSLCnlHNmNl2A+Key Lime Pie: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w12x7UBSSRsdbp3ZqguG3Q?select=ZbdyHkLH8js1dR1wCwGMxgOverall, the food was pretty good.  The highlight definitely was the steak with the peppercorn brandy sauce.  It was not the best steak I've ever had but it definitely had a nice age and flavor to it.  Definitely lots of value for your $25.95 lunch price tag.  Everything else was pretty standard, nothing that really blew my mind. PRICE: 4/5 starsFor $25.95, you will get full.  Sure this is vegas and you could get much more out of a $5.99 steak and eggs but we're talking about a nice steak at a steakhouse.  Compared to other steakhouse prices, there is definitely value to be had here.VARIETY: 3/5 starsIt's a steakhouse! Palm has meat for days.  There are seafood choices if someone in your party feels like indulging in something other than steak. SERVICE: 3/5 starsWaiters were dressed formally and the service was good..  When the waiters congregated and chatted (quite loudly) in the dining room, it took away from the ambiance of the restaurant.INTANGIBLES: 3/5 starsI've never seen so many cartooned framed pictures of celebrities.  It's kind of cool to look around the restaurant at the pictures.  Besides that, it seems like quite your typical dark wood furniture steak house.Good lunch at a nice price and we left happy. :) I definitely think the Business Lunch has great value if you were in the area and wanting steak for a reasonable price.
4	Uber expensive but what isn't in Vegas? I had the 24 ounce Ribeye and it was the bomb. Not $49 worth but great for Vegas. Good service, nice time for 8 dudes eating big steaks.
3	We felt tricked into eating an early dinner.  While walking thru the Forum Shops we saw a sign for "3 sliders, $5.95 from 5:30 to 6:30 pm" so we went into the restaurant.  After being seated and trying to order the sliders special, we were told that was in the bar only (no mention of this on the sign).  We didn't want to make a big deal of it, so ordered off the menu instead.  Everything is very pricey, and probably tasty, but since it was early, we weren't that hungry.  One of the items we had was apple and arugula salad.  When it came to the table, I was surprised to find that it was covered with nuts.  There was no mention of nuts on the menu.  Although the Palm may be a good place to eat, I think they expect you to read between the lines, which I don't like.
5	LOVE eating at the Palm!!!We try to eat here on every visit to Las Vegas.  It's the only restaurant where we make reservations based on whether our favorite waiter is working (Israel.....dude is awesome!!).Oscar style petite filet for the wife, monster bone-in rib eye for me, creamed spinich and the goat cheese whipped potatoes, and a nice bottle of Russian River Valley Pinot Noir (B. R. Cohn).   Ahhhhhhhhh.....................    Israel brought us a piece of flourless chocolate cake with raspberry drizzle to compliment the remains of our wine.  Perfect.We always leave the Palm feeling a little better about life....even if my pants don't button after dinner here.Yes, yes...it's very expensive.  But it's a hell of a dining experience!!!
4	I love eating at The Palm. The food and service are always amazing. The Chicken Parmesan, lobster bisque and creamed spinach are amazing! The business lunch special is the best deal you can get. A full 3 course meal for $25.95 you can't beat that!
5	The Palm was awesome in every way! We made reservations, but ended up being 20 minutes late and our table was still available. We were running short on time and they were able to get our drinks, salad, and dinner in 40 minutes! Service was so friendly and fast & the food was Yummy! I highly recommend this place!
5	We could not get reservations to any restaurant we wanted to go to, so we decided to go shopping!  Palms was the first restaurant we saw entering the Forum.  I love eating at this restaurant in NY, so we figured we couldn't go wrong with this choice.  The only thing was would we be able to get a reservation and YAY!!! we did!We returned here and we were 30 minutes late (my fault, SUE ME i'm a girl)We waited 5-10 minutes, and were finally seated.  We were stressing out since we had to be at the ABSINTHE tent at 9:30 and it was already a little past 8.  As soon as the waited came to the table, i got straight to the point.  I told him listen, we're on a time schedule and we need you to work with us.  He understood and can I tell you, he did an absolutely AWESOME JOB.  Isreal = best waiter EVER!!!!! and he even gave us his card since we had to skip on dessert and said next time dessert was on him.  How freaking cool is that. :)We started off with 2 stoli elit martinis, and ordered a bottle of pinot noir.  The waited used a decanter, I was pretty impressed.  We ordered the shrimp cocktails, and clams casino for the appetizers.  The shrimp cocktail NEEDS the horseradish inside the cocktail sauce....seriously was freaking AMAZING!!!!!  The clams casino had the bacon on the side, I thought it was amusing that not 1 had a piece of bacon on top of it.  (def didn't bother me)  and I went along and dipped my bread in the sauce (yummmmmmmmay)I stuck to the good old 3 lb. lobster.  and we ordered asparagus for the side.  The girl who helped de claw the lobster also pulled the tail out so I had nothing to do, which was excellent bc i was NOT dressed to be pulling out no lobster tail.He ordered the rib eye medium w/ a baked potato.  You didn't need any type of sauce or extras bc the steak was perfectly cooked.Overall, the food was pretty perfect and the service was EVER BETTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I would say this experience was better than the one i've had in NY.
5	You can't really go wrong when you walk into a restaurant order a beautiful bottle of peppery Zinfandel and a decadent meal with all your favorite things.  I was dazzled with my dinner choice comprised of a petite file mignon topped with crab, drizzled with a crab mignonette cream, goat cheese whipped potatoes, asparagus fritti, sauteed wild mushrooms, and brussel sprouts sauteed in pancetta, lemon, and browned butter.  Not to mention that I had the best key lime pie yet! Simply flavorful, simply quality, and simply a great choice to satisfy my craving for steak.  Hats off to the Palm!
2	Dinner was poor. Not the very high quality I have  had in other locations. Crab cakes were great, also the onion straws. Then dinner got poor. For a class operation that takes pride in their steaks what was served bordered on one star.  My son  had a Delmonico and I had the Strip.  Both came out properly cooked. Problem was is that their was no taste. Massive doses of salt did not help. And we don't normally use salt.Service was good but no concession even though we advised her before they were half eaten.Poor quality has no place in this operation.
3	We decided on the Palm for restaurant week.  We took advantage of a three course menu for $30.  Note: there is a business lunch menu offered everyday - 3 courses for $26.  The seating process was very nice as they asked us exactly where we would like to sit.  Our service was good, not as detail oriented as I had expected.  A few missteps, but we left happy having gotten everything we needed.  The food was mediocre.  Steakhouse food doesn't tend to be revolutionary or exciting but should be high quality and executed to perfection.  We all had the lobster bisque which was buttery, creamy and dreamy.  The bread basket was a winner as well.  Three sorts to choose from including pretzel bread and the butter was whipped and spreadably delightful.  My filet was tasty and the portion was hearty but lacked excitement and luster.  Hubby's NY was way over cooked from the rare he requested.  You expect your steak to be cooked correctly at a steakhouse - especially a Rare request.  The desserts were tasty and decadent.  Definitely A-OK and we weren't disappointed for $30 each but it wasn't anything spectacular.
1	Went here for restaurant week.  Felt like they pulled the old "bait and switch".  On the restaurant week website, there was a $30 and $50 meals.  Didn't specify lunch or dinner.  I actually thought the $30 menu was better, since I'm not a big fan of filet, tender yes, flavor no.When we get to the restaurant, we asked about the restaurant week menu and was given a small menu with the $50 meal.  When asking about the other option, they said that was only available for lunch.  Odd, the website didn't specify that.The waiter then asked if something was wrong, because everybody was asking about another menu.  After pointing out the details on the website, the waiter didn't know anything about it.After all of this, the food wasn't all that special.  Service was mediocre at best, and the restaurant wasn't all that full.  Guess all the other people who got tricked decided to leave.
3	I would give three and a half stars if possible. This place is has good food and good service. I had a fillet, wedge salad, goat cheese mashed potatoes,creamed spinach ,hash brown and donuts for desert. All were good but not exceptional. I would definitely  go here again but mostly for convenience of being close to the Colosseum.
2	Went here for a dinner date for my bday. I had the classic combination, a filet with your choice of shrimp, crab cake, or scallops. I chose the crab cake with filet $50. The bf had the pre-fixe menu $50 with lobster bisque, filet, and choice of side (green beans). My filet was ok. It was tender but lacked flavor. The crab cake was ok too. Full of crab meat but also off in flavor. The bf said it tasted like curry. The bf's filet had more flavor only bc he had some sort of lobster brown sauce on top. The lobster bisque was good. A little salty and hardly any lobster chunks. The green beans were basic in butter and garlic. I guess I like Asian style green beans better. Service sucked. Our server was more concerned with catering to his "older" partrons versus being attentive to a young couple. I asked for a picture and he took it with my eyes closed and walked off! Barely said thank you and checked on us. Service was disappointing. Food was nothing spectacular. Won't be going back.
2	Felt like I was eating in a Mall Restaurant.  Service was fine but food doesn't compare to any of the steak restaurants at the Venetian.
4	The lobster was fantastic, the steak was just average.  The price was pretty ridiculous!  I can name a lot of other Steakhouses in Vegas that can beat them and at a better price.  If you don't mind dropping a couple hundred on dinner for two it's fine, but nothing to write home about.
3	Visited during Restaurant Week for lunch.  This turned out not to be any real deal since they have a business person's special that was cheaper.  One of my pet peeves is having to ask for the Restaurant Week menu.  If your restaurant is choosing to participate, embrace it.  Having to ask for the menu and having the server roll his eyes about it was almost enough for me to walk out on the spot.  Once we ordered and made our way through lunch, it was fine.  The food was good as was the service.  The highlight of the meal was the key lime pie.  It was awesome!
5	The King Crab was by far the best crab I have ever eaten, and the largest crab legs themselves I ever saw.The Swordfish is suppose to be incredible, but I only know that 2nd hand.
4	Reliable food, good service and a great location.  It is an annual treat to dine at the Palm while watching the world go by in the Forum.  The business lunch is a great value if you can time it right.  Otherwise, not the greatest beef you will find, but good.  Try the caesar salad - great dressing with a hint of anchovie.  Sides are strong but avoid the mashed potatoes here (very boring).  Favorite desserts are key lime pie or carrot cake.  They offer wine by the glass with a 9 oz pour - nice.
4	It starts with terrific service; genuine attention to the customer experience.  Full marks.Ambiance was contemporary American Steakhouse; bar area had TV screens and was up-tempo.Outstanding food: NY strip, cooked to perfection, Lyonese potatoes were cooked perfectly.Shrimp and crab cakes to start.. also great- crab cakes were very meaty, not much filler.An otherwise standard U.S. (Vegas) steakhouse experience, save the service... which stood out above everything else.
4	Great service and excellent food at a classic steakhouse. Great alternative to all those new trendy steak places.  I ordered my Fillet medium and it came medium-rare.  I asked to have it cooked longer and the server did a great job not making a deal about it and gladly put more "fire" on it. I also used the Yelp check-in offer to save $15 which was nice on a very large bill.
5	The Palm is the industry standard; awesome food and professional wait staff.
5	Just great.  I had surf and turf and both the filet and lobster tail were succulent.  Had a Caesar salad as an app and it too was good.  Wife had chicken fingers from the lite bite menu, great as well.  Shared an order of half and half, also great.Service was friendly and efficient.  Really couldn't ask for more.
4	I had to go shopping at the Forum Shops for some new clothes. The wife and I stopped in at the Palm for some dinner. There are two seating options: inside or patio. Now the patio isn't outside, it's just in the Forum shops. The patio is fun for people watching, but be cautioned in that it can be loud out there and if you want to chat it's not the best option.We were seated promptly and had bread and water delivered very quickly. The staff seemed very attentive and efficient. I opted for a Filet Mignon. My wife, who eats here for lunch quite a bit, asked for the Lobster Roll, which is on the lunch menu but not for dinner. They were able to accommodate her request.For cocktails, I ordered a "Simply Nectar", which is a Jack Daniels version of a Mojito. Frankly, it was great and I boosted the review by a star just because of the quality cocktail.Dinner came and it was fantastic. The Filet was cooked exactly to specifications and the Lobster Roll was perfect. Overall, a great dinner and cocktails.
4	The Palm is not a restaurant I would normally choose to go to. I went with others who chose it. It's a chain, and I'm not big on chains. That said, I did enjoy my meal here.I started out with the caesar salad. It was a good one. The croutons were nice and crispy though probably of the packaged variety. The romaine was green and crisp and the dressing was tangy and tasty. A nice salad overall.For my entree I chose the surf and turf special which was $54. I dont order much lobster but it seemed like a good deal since it included the salad and a side in the price. The lobster tail was supposedly 6 ounces and the entire lobster tail, including shell may have touched six ounces before being cooked but I doubt it. There was about two ounces of meat, tops. But it was two ounces of VERY PERFECTLY cooked lobster. The tails so often end up chewy but this was anything but. Maybe the best lobster tail I have ever had.The filet was supposedly seven ounces and I'd say it probably was but it did seem small. For a steak house it wasnt looking like much. This was a simply grilled filet, not broiled, and it lacked the thick char I expect from a steakhouse. The meat was of good quality and again cooked to an absolutely perfect medium rare but it was the least favorite part of my meal. It was underseasoned and just average in every way except for the temperature of the meat.My side was the three cheese gratin potatoes and it did not disappoint. Straight up delicious and there was actually plenty of it this time. Overall, for lobster, steak, salad and side at $54 it seemed like a pretty fair deal. The service was ok, nothing special. Our waitress seemed a little intimidated, almost like it was her first day or something.I would go again but would pick other steakhouses if it was up to me. If this is a special meal and you dont eat at restaurants of this caliber frequently, your money could be better spent elsewhere.Still four stars since I really cant find anything to complain about and some stuff was excellent but I wish I could give three and a half because only the lobster was anything much above ordinary.
5	During our recent vay-kay in Vegas, we took my Pops to the Palms to celebrate father's day.  First time for me, and I'm not sure what number it was for my parents.Needless to say, I'm very happy with the choice of making the reservation here to celebrate Father's day here with my folks.We arrived about 15 minutes early and were greeted and seated right away.  Our server had a great sense of humor and was told that all items with the icon of the palm next to it was a signature dish.  He did not disappoint.For appetizers we ordered the Colossal Lump Crabmeat Cocktail, which the parentals devoured like it was going to flee.  Not a morsel was left and the lettuce that surrounded the crab meat was tossed to ensure all pieces were found and eaten.For dinner, Pops had the Double Cut Lamb Rib Chops 18 ounce with fresh mint sauce.  The lamb was cooked to medium perfection and was consumed with each bone cleaned complete - the fresh mint sauce was a winner, where another serving had to be requested.Mom had the Signature Palm Surf 'n' Turf - a 6oz petite filet mignon and a half a lobster.  That lobster must've been a really huge lobster because the half she received was bigger than the size of my entire hand!  Needless to say she enjoyed it so much that there were no words exchanged, no grunts, just the sound of the silverware hitting the plate....then *poof* it was gone.I had the Prime Bone-In Rib-Eye Steak 24 ounce (Hunk of Awesomeness) cooked perfectly at medium rare and the meat peeled off the bone like butter....I left no scraps and the only trace of evidence was the bone.The sides we shared and recommend to anyone were the creamed spinach and the asparagus fritti (fried asparagus).  The creamed spinach is rich and similar to the ones they serve at the steakhouses such as Mortons and Wolfgang's.  But I totally enjoyed the asparagus fritti.  The asparagus was fried in a italian seasoned breading - not thick but very tasty.Unfortunately by the end of the entrees there was no more room for dessert...though if there was, I definitely would have loved to try the flourless chocolate cake and New York Cheesecake....for the next time :)  It would have been embarrassing if they had to roll us out of the restaurant...lol.
4	We called last minute for a reservation on the holiday and were pleased to find out there was an opening.  We were asked a preference on indoor or "outdoor" seating which REALLY pleases me so I don't have to look like a snob asking for a table that was not offered to us.The food was fantastic with the only exception being an over-parmed beef carpaccio.  Our steak was cooked to perfection, our sides seasoned perfectly, (fried asparagus being a welcomed surprise), and our caprese salad was plentiful.The only reason I would not give The Palm a 5 star rating is because our service was a little "cool" and unmatched to the higher price of the menu.  Service was pleasant and acceptable but not exceptional, which I had expected with the higher price tag.I would definitely come back to the Palm, just maybe not for a "special" occasion.
4	Really good food for the most part. Lobster bisque could have had more meat. Had a private room for a party of 35. Staff could not have been better. Thank you!
4	Review of the "Prime Bites" Happy Hour only 4:30pm-6:30pm Monday-Friday:The dishes have gone up to $5.50 each but that shouldn't stop you from coming here.  Imagine me saying the next passage in a Liam Neeson "Taken" kind of voice: "Sit at the bar.  Look the bartender in the eye. Only order 4 plates for 2 people.  You will be full.  And if your spoon is missing, take off your belt, snap it in half and fold it like a New York City pizza to scoop up the rest of your food."We got the following:Charcuterie Plate: calabrian salami, prosciutto, parmigiano-reggiano, danish blue & pepper relish.  This was a pretty substantial amount of cheese and cold cuts.  Great with some wine.  Mini Broiled Crabcakes: (3) chipotle tartar sauce.  These were just OK.  I would've preferred just one large crabcake.  No need for the cracked on the bottom of each piece of crab.  The homemade potato chips were a nice touch.  Chicken Parmigiana Sliders: Nice little fried bits of chicken in a bun.  Can't possible hate on this.    Nova Scotia Lobster BLT Sliders: lobster salad, applewood smoked bacon, oven dried tomatoes, avocado and micro greens.  The best dish we had.  I would order a double of this next time.   This would be a clear cut choice for a 5 star happy hour ONLY IF they actually offered a discount on beverages!  Palm, couldn't you even entertain the idea of $2 off a drink?  $13 martinis at 4:30pm seems kinda crazy.
5	I'll be honest...I wasn't totally sold on this place when I heard our group had lunch reservations today. "Stuffy" was actually what sprung to mind when the phrase "business lunch." Boy was I wrong! The business lunch was a steal at $25 for a delicious 3 course meal. Our server, Nicole, was a gem and truly made our visit memorable. GO TRY THIS PLACE!!!!!
4	Last night a group of my friends went to what will become an annual tradition, the Summer Lobster special. The special for two includes 4lbs of lobster, a starter and two sides for $99. Great food, great deal. I'm sure others will comment on the food quality (excellent), but I  must compliment our server, "Izzy" and his team. They were amazing. I've  eaten around the world and this was top notch, well worth the price. Run to get this special before the end of the month and try to get one of Izzy's tables.
5	This place has romance, amazing food, great drinks and superb service! Go there!!!
4	It's 4 star based on value and great service and staff. Overall food quality, I'd say 3 star. It's not that the food is disappointing. When you go to a chain steakhouse, I think this is something what people should expect. It is well done for a chain steakhouse. I left the restaurant surprisingly more than satisfied.Staffs here are wonderful! Also they have great summer deals such as $99 lobster for two with a starter and a side. I am not a big fan of lobster so it is not for me but I think the deal is great! My husband had a small lobster tail and it was very good! He enjoyed it very much. My Chilean sea bass was just okay. It's not bad but nothing special. Crab cake was very good! I wish I had that as a main course. Very crabby! Overall, the experience was great! We had a great time and ate too much!
4	Best place for a cocktail before a show.  We like quiet ~ hard to find in Vegas but the Palm has it.
5	Great food- even better serviceA must do in Vegas!!
3	First time ever I have been disappointed.  Lettuce wedge was great, other than the white onions (should I say a whole onion) on the salad.  A tasty red onion would have been absolutely perfect!.  The garlic potatoes, without saying, the best, along with the spinach.  When it came to the lobster,  did someone forget it was in the oven?  So stuck to the shell.  If you wanted to eat it, you had to pry it loose.  Our waiter did offer a dessert to compensate for the "toughness" of the lobster.  No thank you, but you could offer to buy me that $24.00 dollar "glass" of wine.
4	Food was good as always!  The hearts of palm salad is no longer on the menu but they will still make it for you!  Yumo!
3	During the first half of my Vegas trip, my boyfriend and I stayed at Caesar's Palace. Our first night there and we didn't have anywhere in mind for dinner so we went downstairs to the Forum Shops and dined at the Palm Restaurant.I was craving for burgers so I ordered the Bozzi "Prime" Steak Burger while my boyfriend got one of the steaks and upgraded to the Classic Oscar (I forget which cut of steak). We both ordered our meat to be medium rare but it turned out to be more on the rare side. I didn't think anything special of my burger but I thought my boyfriend's steak plus the Classic Oscar was delicious. The Classic Oscar comes with jumbo lump crabmeat, asparagus, and hollandaise sauce. I recommend it!Prior to our meal, we even got these breadsticks which were light and crispy.The interior is dimly lit and has a bunch of comical caricatures of famous people plastered on their walls.The service here was also very friendly. A waiter brought out at least a 10 pound lobster to show another patron and he showed it to us as well and let us a take a picture.**This restaurant will turn you away if you show up in a bikini. Wear proper clothing!**
4	American Express sent me a card worth $50 off two Palm Restaurant meals if used by the end of August, so I had a good incentive to go back.  As I suspected, my previous visit was an aberration.  This time Diane and I were greeted warmly and our server was very professional.  Except for a couple of miscues it was an experience close to the Palm of old. Both Raisin Bread and Sourdough Bread were good, and a Bacon-wrapped Scallop appetizer with an interesting and tasty Balsamic Glaze and spinach was excellent.  Lobster Bisque ordered by Diane was initially forgotten by our waiter.  But he made a quick recovery, and once it arrived the Bisque was very flavorful, but the soup was pretty thin.Potatoes au Gratin with Fontina, Parmesan, and Gruyere Cheeses was an excellent, rich side.  Zesty al dente Linguine and Clams in White Wine Sauce with garlic and a few red pepper flakes was chockfull of chopped clams that were irregular in shape and clearly not tossed in from a can; it was a very good dish.      Diane's specially requested Veal Alfredo was thinly pounded and nicely sauced but parts of it were burnt on the bottom, and it was swimming in a pool of grease.  We remained silent about this until our server asked how everything was, and Diane frankly told him and showed him the bottom of the veal.  "Why didn't you tell me?" he sincerely asked, and she replied that she didn't want to raise an issue after the chef had graciously agreed to prepare something special for her.  He said he was going to make it up to us with a special surprise; dessert was on him.  We said that wasn't necessary.  But, after he insisted, to avoid another potential problem I told him that Diane was allergic to berries, and he asked what we liked.  "Chocolate!" I said, and moments later we were presented with two forks and a beautiful giant slice of moist, multi-layered Chocolate Cake resting in Chocolate Sauce.  I then had the nerve to ask for a scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream "on me," since I regard Chocolate Cake that is not ala mode as basically nude and incomplete.  The scoop was soon supplied, and at meal's end neither it nor the slice of cake were listed on the bill.  And, the dessert was delicious!
4	Good food and good service. Will be returning again sometime.
4	Wanting a good steak dinner while in Vegas, my boyfriend and I decided to give the Palm Restaurant a go. We reserved a table through OpenTable and got in right away. It was a perfect mix of upscale and casual; our waiter was down-to-earth yet polite and the dress code was just "no swimwear." We got the fancy dinner without the intimidation. There was a lobster special going on (I'm not a huge fan of seafood but it was very clean and quite tasty) so we paired it with steak. We asked for "medium" steak, but it came out very rare. Overall, we prefer SW Steakhouse at Wynn any day, but Palm Restaurant was worth it.
5	This was a perfect experience. Everything about it was just awesome! We had the best waitress, as well as all the other support and management staff being excellent and fantastic food in a perfect setting. I prefer The Palm to upscale steakhouses. It feels a bit less like the kind of place a bunch of dudes with bravado and too much testosterone go to have big steaks and talk about all their money, cars and pretend women. Something about it is a bit more muted and the vibe is just right. The initial basket of bread is excellent- I love the raisin bread. Also, through September, they are offering 50% off wine bottles on Sundays. Quite a good deal! I was in the mood for an incredible burger of all things and decided to go for it and it was the real deal. Fantastic! The manager came over and shared what cuts of meat go into it and made sure we were having a good time. We also had crab cakes and the wild mushrooms. Everything tasted great and the 50% off wine was a great and unexpected addition to a great meal. Definitely worth your time if you are looking for an intimate and relaxing version of the steakhouse type experience.
5	Great food, amazing service. A must have when in Vegas.
4	One of my biggest gripes lately has been regarding price; while I fully expect a burger in a strip location to cost upwards of $15, I find it very hard to pay up when there are amazing choices for under $5 in albeit locations of not the greatest ambiance. It is this reason that I got excited the other day while reading a little blurb on Eater Vegas about a burger deal at the Palm Restaurant in the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace. The starting price was still almost twice the price of some stand out cheap meals I've had, but could this discount help out?I've already gotten into how much I hate parking at Caesar's so I won't get into that again. I didn't really step foot into the restaurant past the hostess counter because I sat on their 'patio' to people watch tourists in the mall while I ate my burger. It seemed dark, intimate and 'fancy' if you will; you can probably find better information in their gallery than from me. The patio area has about 14 tables directly within the shopping corridor and really does make for great people watching as you eat, or if you're cocky to be seen eating here. The lunch and dinner menus vary quite a bit, with only one burger available on the dinner menu at over $18. The lunch menu gives you the choice of four specialty burgers at $16.90, and a basic one at $14.90.I went with the 837 Club Burger which as prosciutto di Parma, roasted red peppers, pesto aioli and fontina cheese. My burger came out, and it was huge. So big that I actually slowed down a bit towards the end despite being absolutely starving coming into my meal. The meat had excellent flavor, was cooked almost to order although there were a few random spots of grey. The Peppers had great flavor and the burger was very cheesy and tasty. The aioli was sharp and also very good. The bun was a tiny bit too thick and dry, but was well proportioned to the meat so it ended up being ok. The accompanying lettuce, tomato and onions were not necessary as the various tasty toppings did the trick.The fries were excellent too; seasoned and cooked well with some a bit undercooked and some crispy. A good variety of textures with none being bad. This was a welcome addition to my meal after encountering so many great burgers with bad fries around town. My normally $16.90 burger cost me $8.37 which I found to be a fantastic deal for what I was given. Even at almost $17 I probably wouldn't have complained too much for the quality, although once you start comparing it to others that cost a fraction of the price you can certainly make arguments against it. Either way, if you happen to be at the Forum Shops this is a great burger.
5	I love this place....the staff could not try harder...we had a small private party with lots of changes, almost like a test to see how accommodating they are!!  They passed with flying colors.  Larry the manager really went out of his way for us, and, Michelle planned everything perfectly.  The food was perfect, everyone had something they liked, ad, the large steamed lobster tasted straight from New England!  I am a huge fan of the New York City Palm(s) and this is now on my list.  Thanks guys....terrific.  There are a lot of choices in Vegas, but, they try so hard hard, it's like old school, and a staple for me.  Fabulous!!
4	Great lunch.  Business Lunch Special is a fantastic value with more food than anyone needs at 1:00 pm.  I started with some of the best soup I've ever had... spicy red pepper. I have been trying to track down this recipe ever since!  Husband had clam chowder, which I'm not a huge fan of, but he liked it.  I had a giant steak salad, my husband had a steak sandwich, all was great.  The steak on my salad had amazing seasoning on it, although it did have some gross grisly parts.  Wine list is good, service was very good, bread basket is awesome. Excellent lunch spot.
5	Good food. Great service. Restaurant was a little loud. We have eaten here a few times through the years and they always get it right. Location is not the fanciest on the strip.
2	I am a regular at the San Diego Palm location.  I am not so sure about this Vegas locale.  May be I caught them on a bad day (Sunday for lunch).  The food was slow, really slow, and it must have been in the window for a good chunk of time because my peppercorn sauce sat long enough to develop a skin on it.My steak was perfectly average, nothing was special about it.Tortilla soup was very good.My wife was okay with the salmon, but not thrilled.Mixed feelings about this place, my guess is that there are many better places in the area, and many places that are worse.  So in effect, this place is just average.If you walk past this place a little bit, Spago comes up on the right, and then straight ahead there is an amazing fountain that shares space with an Italian restaurant.  You really need to see this fountain.
5	I didn't get a chance to look at the other reviews, but I have to mention there is an amazing deal going on here, and not sure how long it's going to last.  Flemings had a similar deal to this... it's essentially $50 bucks for appetizer, entree, and desert.  (Keep in mind this isn't a dinky entree, you get 2 items)I chose the Caesar salad, filet and lobster, and pumpkin creme brulee.  The great Honey Boo Boo Child once said in an interview, "my special juice is gonna make me winnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn" and she proceeded to shake her head and her belly.  She felt a sense of excitement and power as she said this, and the reason I mention that is because I felt that same way as I was eating this meal at Palm.  It was wonderful and made me feel as Honey Boo Boo Child did that day.  I just wanted to dance in place and shake my head and stomach from happiness.Moving forward, you can upgrade the lobster to a bigger size.  They crack it for you at the table.  Wasn't over done at all.  The filet is cooked perfectly to order.  The Caesar was phenomenal.  I like Caesars where the lettuce is almost to the point that it's soggy, but not quite, and that's how this one is. I know sounds weird, but it's great.  By the time desert came, I couldn't eat.  It was definitely a kings feast, everything came out on one big platter.  They even squeeze lemon on your hands when you're done, what else can you ask for??Sitting outside gives you the mall forum shops vibe, but sitting inside takes you away, you feel you are at a private restaurant.  Our server Megan is so nice and accommodating.  Great experience.
5	Veal Parmesan and Davis Bynum Pinot Noir...as good as it gets. :o)
4	This place is always great, been here many times over the years and aside from Trevi it's one of my favorite places to go have a drink and relax after some serious shopping. The service is always good, as well as the venue, the drinks, and the food. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because the hostess this time was a little too forward with her life story for us knowing her for 5 minutes. It was a little too personal, and professionally very inappropriate. But other than that, everything was and always is great.
2	Very disappointed, this was my red meat day! My steak was incorrectly cooked 3 times, all the proper apologies were extended and I was not charged, but how can a steakhouse not be able to make a medium rare steak? There are lots of options in Vegas, and now after many years eating at the Palm, I will explore those options.
5	My husband and I have been to Las Vegas many times and each time, despite all the fabulous buffets, restaurants etc, we always make time to dine at the Palm!  If you like Lobster, this is the place!!!  They do it right!  Our OUTSTANDING waiter, Israel (Izzy) knew from the start that we would all be ordering whole lobster.  He ran to the kitchen and brought out what had to be 7-10 pound live lobsters---4 of them---handed each one of us a lobster and took our pictures!!!  The dining crowd howled with laughter!!!  It was entertainment and dinner in one package!  We all loved it!  Then, three of us ordered 3 pound lobsters and my husband chose the Prix Fix menu with lobster tail and a filet.  For $50 you get appetizer, entree and desert.  Such a deal!If you are ordering a meal like we did, with lots of lobster, be careful not to order too many appetizers or sides.  My husband and I split the Palm salad, which was a very generous portion even halved! We also ordered the pancetta green beans, creamed spinach and au gratin potatoes for 4 of us. Way too much.  One side would have been plenty. And the bread basket is to die for, especially the brown bread.  Try, really try hard not to overdose on that stuff before dinner.  It is amazing.LOBSTER. LOBSTER. LOBSTER.Need I say it again?  It's like they put Maine in Nevada.  The lobster is done to perfection.  They bib you, butter you and bask you in the glory of perfectly done, pleasing to the palate and the stomach, LOBSTER.  Our one friend only ever eats lobster here.  I know why.  Our fabulous server, Izzy, comped us a HUMONGOUS 7 layer dark chocolate cake loaded with vanilla ice cream and lathered with whipped cream.  Even though all four of our tummies were full beyond full, with 4 spoons we ate that cake like we were on Death Row and it was our last dessert!  Make sure, when you go to Vegas, make a reservation in advance for The Palm.  It's located in the Forum Shops at Caesar's.
3	I know, it's weird for a pescatarian to eat at a steakhouse, but, seriously, some steakhouses have amazing seafood! I made the reservation since my husband and I were going to a show at Caesar's and the place fared well on yelp. The service was good and the food was all brought out in a timely manner...I just wasn't all that impressed with the food. I asked for my salmon to be cooked "well done." When I ordered I was assured that they cook their fish all the way through...meh...almost. It wasn't as well done as I would have liked. I ate it anyway, not worth it to send it back. I also ordered the three cheese potatoes au gratin. Very rich and tasty, but temperature wise, not all that hot. My husband and I shared the Caesar salad to start. Tasted fresh and was good. Perhaps a tad too much dressing. I should have asked for it on the side. My husband opted for pasta (I know, we are weird!!!) and the pasta was cooked nicely al dente. To finish off the meal we ordered the WARM BAG OF DOUGHNUTS. Let's be honest, that's the real reason I booked a res at this place. The doughnuts came out warm and in a paperbag that was shaken by the server.....The doughnuts were a little too overcooked but still tasted good when dunked in chocolate and raspberry syrups and whipped cream. The meal did the trick, but I am not aching to go back. Will try other options next time I'm in Vegas!
3	The location of the Palm Restaurant is perfect if you are in the Forum Shops. Its centrally located and under the painted "sky" if you are out on the indoor patio area. I highly recommend that area to sit if you want to be where all the noise and action is. Inside seemed pretty quiet to me. I ordered off of the special menu which came with an app, entree and dessert. I loved the Lobster Bisque. That was one of the best things I had all weekend. It comes with lobster at the bottom and they pour the bisque over table side. The steak I got came with asparagus, which was just basic. The steak was cooked just as I had ordered it. the server was friendly. I didn't even order the dessert, I was too full! Also the lobster came out and it was the biggest lobster I have ever seen!We spent about $200 for 2 people with dinner and drinks. Overall I think I was just  a little underwhelmed with the food and atmosphere for the price. It was a little more classic steakhouse than I prefer, which would be a more modern take on it.
5	I was so lucky to come here while HH was going on! Yes, I am a huge huge fan of HH deals and this one rocks! The food is so good, we ordered everything on the HH menu. The shrimp melts in your mouth, the sauce its made with is unreal!
3	Palm restaurant is a standard three star restaurant. I was a little disappointed in my meal after reading positive reviews but I guess that's what you get for eating at a chain restaurant. For dinner, I had the salad iceburg lettuce wedge salad and swordfish steak. The salad was decent but it had way too much blue cheese. And blue cheese is very strong so it was a bit overpowering. The swordfish steak was solid. It was definitely fresh, but it was nothing special. It is not served with any sides so I ordered wild mushrooms as a side dish. I did not like these one bit...what a waste of 8 bux! Overall, my meal was just okay. I do not plan on returning to the Palm Restaurant. I think it is overpriced for the quality of cuisine.
5	the lobster tastes better than the last time, everytime !
4	Started off rough when the hostess called me ma'am (i'm a guy) But food and service was good after that.
2	***The food at The Palm Restaurant was not that great and the service was awful on our visit***I have been to The Palm Restaurant in Downtown Los Angeles and I did not enjoy it that much.  We went for lunch and I had their steak frites and, unfortunately, they were using really poor quality beef (a New York Strip but not a good one).  You do have to use less expensive beef than dinner to serve steak but still achieve a reasonable lunch price, but most restaurants like Lucques do not settle for lower quality; instead, they just showcase a cheaper cut like hanger steak.Since I went to the Downtown LA Palm for lunch, I did not get a chance to try their signature Prime steaks.  I could have tried them at my recent trip to the Las Vegas location (The Palm is located in the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace), but I opted for one of their other signature items instead--lobster.  I had their jumbo lobster tail and it was actually pretty good.  The lobster was huge--it was almost a pound--and the lobster meat was good--fresh, moist, lightly sweet, and fairly soft.  The seasoning of the lobster was also good--flavorful with a little bit of spice but not overpowering.Almost everything else was not good though.  The crab cakes were soft and mushy.  The baked clams were bad.  The clams were too small (very unlike the rest of the food here) and the clams were just rubbery and kind of bland.The Jumbo Shrimp Bruno was surprisingly good though.  This was shrimp francaise sauteed in a butter sauce.  The shrimp was incredibly soft and while I am not a huge fan of restaurants that go overboard with the butter, the richness and butteriness of this dish really worked.The sides ranged from just okay to bad.  I do not really like creamed spinach, but this one definitely had the creaminess and richness that creamed spinach fans would probably like.  The asparagus fritti (deep fried asparagus) was fine.The hash brown potatoes were also okay, but they were nothing really special.  The green beans were bad.  They were overcooked and bland.  Maybe someone on the table asked for them to be served plain because they definitely seemed to be missing the garnishes of pancetta, pepper flakes and pine nuts.For dessert, I tried the warm bag of doughnuts and they were very dense.  The doughnuts came with dipping sauces including chocolate and raspberry.While I did not try any of the steak here, the steak did look good.  Some of the cuts looked a little small, but the cooking on the meat seemed to be very nice.  The center of the filet I saw was nicely red and juicy.  My friend said the temperature of the steak was nearly perfect, but the seasoning was not that great (a little bland).Prices were very high.  Las Vegas restaurants tend to be overpriced and given that The Palm features high quality beef, it is no surprise that the food here is very expensive.Service was awful.  While I would say the food was in the mediocre to occasionally decent range, the service we experienced was very bad.  Our server did not seem to be a server at all because it really felt like he did not know what he was doing.  For example, we were a big table and he took the first two drink orders, left and then came back with just those two drinks.  It looked like he was going to continue to do this (I guess because he only had two hands), but we stopped him and told him to put in the whole drink order at once.Putting in our dinner order took forever because our server just seemed to disappear for long stretches of time.  And when he was present, he had an abrupt approach that was a little off-putting.  He also did not seem to be getting everything down, but the restaurant was also very, very loud.  The food itself came out at a decent pace so maybe service would be better under a different server.As mentioned, the restaurant was quite loud.  The atmosphere was kind of like an old-fashioned supper club.  Similar to the LA location, they have celebrity caricatures on the walls.Given that The Palm has multiple locations throughout the country, I would not suggest heading here first for a high quality steak or a big lobster.  Carnevino in The Palazzo offers very high quality steaks and the sides and starters are much more unique and delicious than The Palm (plus, that restaurant is more unique to the area).  I think The Palm is really a last option given the high prices, the just okay food and the fact that it is a pretty big chain.As mentioned, The Palm Restaurant is located in the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace.  The Forum Shops offer both free self and valet parking.
5	I have to say I was a bit surprised that this was so good. I have been to the Palm and Palm too in NY several times and expected to be let down. However I was pleasantly surprised. I went alone and had a seat at the bar. The crowd was friendly and spent some time talking with others at the bar. I decided to order dinner and ordered the caesar salad, 14oz fillet and half and half (fries and onion strings). My food was excellent. The salad had a wonderful dressing, and lots of cheese. My steak was cooked to perfection and i completely devoured the whole thing. The only item I didn't finish was the half and half, and that was because I wanted to make sure i could finish my steak, it was that good.Next time i want a steak in Vegas, I won't hesitate to return. The service was fantastic ( could also be because I was at the bar), but the atmosphere made the meal.
2	I have been eating at the Palm forever. Tonight ranked as the worst meal ever. Started with the half & half which came so greasy that it was inedible. We ate here in November and the Gigi Salad was as good as ever. Tonight it was underdressed. Most surprising was the mushy lobster tail and tough tasteless filet. We picked this for a special family dinner and we were all disappointed. What a shame to pay so much for a mediocre meal.
5	The Palm Restaurant Las Vegas has been one of my favorite places for years.  I went to the place before they remodeled to the new setting.I dined at The Palm this weekend.We started with the lump crab meat cocktail always fresh, always superb.Their lobster bisque is delicious, true new england bisque.  We had the filet which was cooked to perfection and a side of  4-5 lbs Lobster!  We asked our waiter for real butter, not margarine and they always accommodate.  Our side was creamed spinach, The Palm serves the most delicious creamed spinach no other steak house can compete.I have been going to The Palm for years, it is always an excellent meal.  It is nice to go to a place in Las Vegas where "old school service" still remains.
4	We've dined at The Palm several times for both lunch and dinner.  This steakhouse is obviously very famous and has a great location near the entrance to the Forum Shops from the casino at Caesars.  If I had to give one tip, it would be not to forget about this place for lunch.  Excellent burgers, I'm partial to blue cheese, which is of excellent quality here.  It's more expensive than other lunches, but it's certainly worth it.At dinner, the wine list is solid, but certainly not the best on the strip.  The crabcake is solid.  The chipotle tartar sauce is a welcome departure from the usual sauce.  It has a nice flavor with some kick, but certainly not too much.  Potatoes au gratin probably our favorite side.  The steaks are all prime.  You don't need a sauce, but the best one I've had here is the brandy peppercorn.  Neither ingredient is overpowering, but both are certainly there.  It's a nice achievement.  I request that you order fried onions to eat with your steak.  They are very thin and the juice from the steak soaks into the onions, which brings the two together.  Every lobster we've ordered here has been perfectly prepared, hot and tender.  In the end, it's not a cheap meal, but it's very good quality and you won't regret it.
3	We weren't really impressed. At our table we had the sea bass, lamb chops and new york steak and we were not impressed with the quality of food.Nothing really bad with it we have just had much better quality of food for the price elsewhere. I would suggest if your willing to pay 400 or 500 on a meal you try somewhere else like maybe the N9NE Steak House at the Palms or something.
5	We went to the Palm for my husbands birthday.  Our server "Issy", was outstanding.  My husband had the 18 ounce NY strip steak and said it was the best he ever had.  I had the lobster tail and it was wonderful.  The Lobster bisque was the best I've ever had and crab cake appetizer was outstanding.   The  3 cheese au gratin potatoes were just sinful, creamy is just the beginning .  OMG, thank god I can't eat those everyday.  Desert was on the house, cheesecake wonderful, the table was festive and gave my husband a birthday card.  So glad, there is one in Los Angeles because I'm going to visit again.   Great place to celebrate special occasions.
5	As good as it gets. Our server, Lopez, was ingratiating and charming yet had an edge one would expect if we were at the New York location. Instead of asking, "what would you like to order this evening, Miss?" to my mother-in-law, he brazenly gruffed, "...whatta ya eatin'?" I loved it. Instead of "offering" dessert at the end, he exclaimed, "I'm bringin' ya dessert...you're gonna love it. It's just a matter of whether you eat it here or at home." Definitely a welcome change to the sometimes mundane "proper" service one usually finds at a fine steakhouse.Speaking of steaks...holy crap. I ordered the dry-aged prime, bone-in ribeye and it was one of, if not THE best steaks I've ever had. Perfectly cooked medium-rare with a nice crusty char on the outside that really gave a beautiful, bacony like crunch to the outside layer of fat. The sides, creamy spinach and potato gratin, were just as delicious. We also received a nice chilled seafood platter at the beginning of the meal that Lopez graciously put together for us. Perfect starter to such a feast. Lastly, I have to give a shout out to our busser, Rafael. What a workhorse! After the several messes we made during each course, he somehow was able to manage clearing us and making our table look like we just sat down. Most impressive. If you feel like having an amazing steak with no upturned noses and lots of charm and attitude, this is your place. Simply fantastic.
5	The best restaurant in Las Vegas for great food, great service and it is always consistent.The waiters and waitresses are always so nice.  No attitude here, just really good food.
2	Ruben and I joined another fun couple to take advantage of the Restaurant Week menu tonight. We sat inside and ordered drinks to start. I had the PALM REFRESH (vodka, muddled basil, etc) and it was tasty and refreshing (haha)! After looking at the menus, we asked our server for the Restaurant Week menu. He not only proceeded to look at me like I was crazy, but actually said, "What are you talking about??? What is that? What are you saying?" Not sure why he got so upset. So, instead of continuing this frustrating discussion, I started to bring the page up on my phone. Our friend, Diana, ended up asking the young lady that brought our water and fortunately, she knew exactly what we were talking about and graciously brought us menus. No apologies from our server. He seemed really confused about a lot of things and was also argumentative, absentminded, and not entirely friendly. We tried joking with him to lighten the mood or to show that we had forgiven his prior offenses, but it didn't do much.We all did the RW prie fixe and an order of CALAMARI FRITTI. The portion was extremely generous! The calamari was not fresh and completely lacked in flavor though. I think it was served with marinara and it was not good. For the first course, Ruben got the LOBSTER BISQUE and it was all right, just unfortunately salty. I chose the ROASTED BEET AND GOAT CHEESE SALAD; the beets were nice and overall, the salad was good, however, the goat cheese was just okay and the arugula was weighed down by the amount of dressing.I ordered the FILET MIGNON, single cut served with Goat Cheese Whipped Potatoes and Wild Mushroom & Black Truffle Demi as my second course. The filet was dry and not flavorful; I also ordered medium rare and it obviously wasn't. The whipped potatoes were really delicious and the Demi was good. Ruben had the CHICKEN PARMIGIANA; the Linguine Marinara was good - cooked perfectly al dente, simple sauce, and fresh basil, however, the chicken was disappointing.For dessert, everyone chose the NEW YORK STYLE CHEESECAKE and I chose the KEY LIME PIE. They were both really great! The cheesecake was light, crumbly, not too dense, the crust was wonderful, and I loved the compote with it. Perfect. The key lime pie wasn't overly tart, same wonderful crust, great flavor. Nice berry compote too.The good: generous portions, dessert. The bad: service, food quality and overall taste. I'd rather pay more money for better food, so the plate sizes are a petty matter and comparatively, there are much better Italian restaurants (Ferraro's!) and Steakhouses in town. Also, let your servers know when you're participating in a week-long event as to avoid an awkward situation with your patrons!
5	At last Three Square's Restaurant Week began, and I opened it with friends at Palm.  Now the whole week is but a blur of heavy eating because Diane and I had to compress it into half a week before leaving Vegas for California.  So, we packed 6 RW meals into 5 days, and I'm now happy it is over, and the extra pounds are just starting to come off.  It was good that I took notes during the many fine meals we consumed while the fun lasted.I began with excellent sweet complimentary bread that was reported to contain chocolate, and Grissini Real Torino Italian bread sticks dipped in butter.  This was followed by a very tasty Classic Caesar Salad with Garlic Croutons, Parmigiano Reggiano, and an anchovy on request.  A delicious Single Cut 9 oz. Filet Mignon made of high-quality meat prepared medium rare as ordered came next, accompanied by excellent creamy Goat Cheese Whipped Potatoes, a Wild Mushroom & Black Truffle Demi-Glace, Bearnaise, and Brandy Peppercorn Sauce that looked like oatmeal but tasted like peppery brandy as expected.  When in the mood for variety, I do not scrimp on sauces, whether to adorn bites of steak or pan-fried potstickers.While Diane enjoyed Lobster Bisque, Filet, and a dense Flourless Chocolate Cake with Creme Anglaise and Whipped Cream, I was pleased with my slice of Key Lime Pie with Blueberry Compote and Whipped Cream topped by a Cinnamon Stick that I initially tried to eat before I thought better of it, and saved my front teeth from imminent ruin.  We secured the table of our choice: a large round one just inside the restaurant, and service was stellar for the entire duration of our unrushed stay.  Never once did I have to request an Iced Tea refill.  Our server forgot to charge for extra sauces, but the omission was pointed out and quickly remedied.  At $1.50 a pop for two extra sauces in large containers, with no charge for the Demi-Glace, this was quite a bargain.   And, it was quite a meal.  I will continue to return--during Restaurant Week or not!
1	We had the three course offer and the whole dinner started great with a basket of variated breads. All three of us had the lobster soup and were really impressed by it. Not a lot of lobster, but all of us really liked it and the spoon was wonderful to eat with. From there it only went downhill.I don't know where to start. Maybe with the least bad, the wine.The red wine of the house had a dusty aftertaste and my friends recommended wine was really sour.For the entree I had the filet mignon and my friends the 20oz porterhouse steak.It looked great on the menu and there was massive advertisement about this place in the galleria. I ordered mine medium-rare because I like it, but the waiter quickly corrected me with a simple "medium" and wrote it on his paper. End of discussion.To this we ordered the three cheese potato au gratin since we wanted some more than just a piece of meat. We shouldn't. I love potato gratin but this one would start a new revolution if it was served in France. Too much cheese and no texture at all. Felt like creamy lumps. The filet mignon came and I would have prefered it medium-rare, which I told him. That wasn't the biggest problem though. It didn't taste anything at all. The texture was nice but I didn't taste any of the seasoning - at all! And it wasn't served with a sauce or anything. The porterhouse was a big piece of meat, but it felt like we got the left over pieces. The aioli was a bit too sour, but still one of the best things. The meat tasted too much rosemary and my friends got bored of it and I understand why by the little I tried.By now we were really disappointed and hoped for the dessert. Which was a disaster that all three of us leaved half way through. It was a big piece of microwaved brownie with a watery vanilla sauce and some sad jam. I don't even want to review it.The worste part pf the whole experience wasn't the food though. The fact that it is Las Vegas and that the place is located in a galleria, fine, but we didn't feel any genuine service at all. It's not often you hear that you got the food too quick, but that's what happened here. It seemed like all the food was pre-made and only waited to be thrown out at the table so that we could pay and they could have new guests to rob. They won - we lost. $250 bucks in the ocean.
5	What's their to say?  Great food, great service, international reputation.   Visited the Las Vegas restaurant inside of Caesar's Forum Shops.   Become an 837 club member.  You won't regret it.
5	Best steak available   Well worth the cost.
5	it is the best food we had in vegas and reasonable priced.  everyone should experience it for themselves.deb
5	My brother is a local and regular here!5 star place no questions asked! Dutch is one of the best waiters I have ever had!! Megan is an awesome waitress as well (SLOPPY MEGAN)
5	They know how to treat you here.  Everything is top-notch. Excellent martinis, steaks, and sides (generous enough to share with several people).  For our special occasion, they threw in free desserts.
4	Great Steaks, Great ServiceMet my dad in Vegas... don't get to see him much as we live in different states... we were talking about going out for good steaks and I picked here.   I've eaten here in the past but haven't been here for a few years...the steaks are always great.  the only issue i had was i ordered med-rare, and it was more medium...but the salads, the sides (we split a half/half, i guess that makes it a half half half half)  were very good also.this is one of the many great food locales that are available in las vegas.  its on the list for a return visit.
4	Baby-friendly? Oh no. No no no no no. But yelp could have told me that. Actually common sense could have told me that.But when beloved out-of-town family are visiting, and when they're dying to see their 4 1/2 month old grandnephew, and when they wanna eat at Palm.... and when they're paying? Baby in a dressy restaurant. Here we go. Service was excellent and our server Alan was very attentive and sweet. He quite astonishingly remembered all the names of our party that my aunt threw out at him. AND Alan was gracious enough to give us a fancy "to-go" cup for hubby's coffee when he got up and took a turn wheeling crabby babes around the forum shops. The split pea and ham soup was AH-mazing, as was the lobster bisque, and the wedge and caesar salads were good, good, good. Hubby didn't absolutely love his pastrami sandwich but he also isn't a fan of rye bread so I'm not sure he's an adequate judge.Don't bring your baby. Or do if you have to. I get it.
4	The service here was very good. Karols, our sever made sure everything is great. The steak was cooked perfectly. The wine list is pricey for the wines they do have. Only 1 type of Shiraz on the wine list. The Goat cheese mashed potatoes were good, only a hint of goat cheese is what you can taste. The au gratin potatoes were the best. The lobster is huge and they crack it right in front of at your table. Overall, great place to eat, it is a bit noisy in the restaurant.
4	One of my favorate places to eat in Las Vegas! Awesome food and atmosphere.
5	Amazing! Ask for server named Dutch. The manager named Mackenzie is awesome. The best service EVER!!! The food is equally as incredible! When you are in Vegas, be SURE to have at least one dinner here. You won't regret it.
5	This has GOT TO BE the best kept secret on the strip! We have lived in Vegas for more than a decade and I have never heard of this place until it was recommended by a friend.I just returned from lunch at this place and may not need to eat for a few days. My wife and I had the three course Lunch Special for about $26. You can spend more than that for a lunch buffet at many places on the strip but you cannot find better or more for your dollar.The three course "Power Lunch" offers a choice of salads, a choice of main course, and a choice of desert which equates to limitless opportunities for self abuse.I have been to all the highly recommended steak houses in Vegas because I do love a good steak. On the other hand, my wife does not care for steak but loves her seafood.The Palm Restaurant inside Ceasar's Palace is the perfect solution. It is located in that niche between the Casino proper and the Forum shops.Now I am not denigrating any other establishments' offerings, but I can tell you that none are superior to the quality of the lunch fillet (2ea 4 oz) at the Palm. And according to my wife, none can come close to the halibut she had.Now about that self abuse thing...Being a Choco-Holic, I had the Flourless Chocolate Cake for desert and my wife had the New York Cheese Cake. Actually we both a some of each.What a treat! The servings were enough to raise heck with my diet for about a week and well worth it.There are limitless opportunities for a good meal on (and off) the Vegas Strip. But every once in a while you want to enjoy a very pleasant meal in a very pleasant surrounding with a truly high end service level. Then if you want to caveat all that with truly good cost/value you typically hit a wall...except for the Palm Restaurant.I am an old fashioned sort of guy and regardless of any other criteria, i.e.: FOOD QUALITY (EXCELLENT+), PRESENTATION (EXCELLENT), VALUE (EXCELLENT), etc.,etc. - SERVICE is what truly differentiates a GREAT meal from an otherwise "good"  meal.Our server was a young lady by the name of LINH (?) who never seemed to stop moving and always appeared at just the right time. Her knowledge of all the wonderful offerings certainly aided in our selection while equally challenging our decision making abilities. We appreciated her knowledge and her patience.The atmosphere was a wonderful blend of neighborhood (i.e. Las Vegas then and now) comfortable and contemporary upscale with down to earth pricing.A true pleasure that I will continue to highly recommend.
5	We live in Vegas and eat out a lot.  We have been to the Palm 5+ times over the past 3 years.  Both of us have past experience being food servers.  I managed and owned restaurants over the years.  We are highly critical of bad service and of course, bad food.  Today was my birthday. We were taken to our table in the front part of the restaurant at Caesars Forum Shops.  On the table was a birthday card with birthday confetti on the table.  We were extremely pleasantly surprised.  OK, on to the food.  We weren't hungry due to a late lunch. I had the Delmaestro salad, a smaller size, and it was fantastic.  The scallops appetizer was fantastic.  My wife had the Caesar Salad.  It was too heavy in dressing, especially after she had asked for a light dressing.  But, her crab cake appetizer was very good.  It's a great restaurant that is professionally run.  The entire staff is exceptional.  Every visit the service has been great.  We are more prone to write negative reviews than positive ones.  The Palm and Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris Hotel are tremendous.  After almost 20 years in Vegas, they are our two favorite restaurants.
4	This is such a classic restaurant. I love going here after a little Forum shopping. I have never had anything bad and the service is always excellent.My favorite appetizer is the Sesame Seared Ahi Tuna and the Carpaccio of Beef Tenderloin- Delicious! I always get the Beefsteak Tomato Capri because it is my all time favorite salad. The Linguine and Clams Sauce is excellent if you are looking for a pasta dish. The Chilean Sea Bass is also a great choice for a light fish dinner.For dessert the Key Lime Pie is a must. This restaurant will not disappoint.
5	The Palm was the restaurant that we finished our Las Vegas trip with. I wish we started there. The service and the meal were excellent. A wonderful closure to a great trip.
4	Coyote was our waiter excellent service and good sense of humor. I have never had bad service at this Palm location. Shrimp cocktail great (4) huge prawns and mild and bold cocktail sauce. Lobster bisque better than I remember. Small wedge salad is huge and excellent. Filet Oscar special with a generous portion of crab was prepared perfectly, the filet passed the cut it with a fork test.
4	This was my 2nd time dining for lunch here...this time I tried the house salad w/ranch and ordered the rib eye w/creamed spinach...yummers! We were there between 1-2:30 today...we were a table of 18 and had reservations. The place was mostly empty so there were at times 3-4 staff waiting on us.Highly recommend if you have the $$$$ to spend.
4	Very friendly service and yummy food.  Although they have about 15-20 restaurants in the U.S., this place does not feel like a chain restaurant.We very much enjoyed the experience, especially the wonderfully friendly staff!
3	We went for the half price appetizers and drinks special, from 5-7 PM. We ordered the lobster bacon fondue, the BBQ chicken sliders, the meat sliders and the mini crab cakes.  The waiters do not write down orders, so we only got the first 2 and had to wait quite a while for the second 2. The fondue was OK, the pretzel bread that cam with is was great, but there was not enough.  When we asked for more, it arrived almost frozen, we asked for a second basket and the next one was REALLY cold.  The meat sliders were good, the BBQ chicken too.  The best were the crab cakes, real crab meat, not too much filler. Only 3 instead of 4 due to service.
5	Shrimp Bruno is super good and the white chocolate bread. We've been going the palm for 15 years and always have a great meal! I've been to palm's all over the country and Vegas is by far the best!  Great atmosphere and service!
2	Went with my wife to have happy hour drinks and appetizers. Our waiter just wasn't good. He didn't write down the order, so of course, he got it wrong. He seems to have all the time in the world to chit chat with us (even though we really didn't want to talk to him), but when it came time to take an order, see how we were doing, or correct his mistake, he always had to rush off.Maybe if you are spending $100/person on dinner you get better service, but we will be avoiding the Palm in the future.
2	Being in Vegas for vacation, we decided to check out Caesar's Palace since that's where Hangover was filmed and just randomly pick a restaurant to dine in and trust me we didn't care to spend the extra money for a great experience. All the staff were really nice and it does seem like they were making an effort for everything, it just took forever to get our food. We ordered the lunch special where it comes with an appetizer, entree, and dessert and in between each one just seem to takes forever before the next one would come out. So we were done with our soup and awkwardly waited for the main course to come to us, finished with that and just sat there to chat so long that we forgot we still have dessert left, and on top of that we had to get someones attention to give us the bill and it's even longer of a wait whenever you pay in card. Maybe we didn't order the right thing, but food tasted ok. I understand the whole concept of portions that are meant to be smaller, but rich in flavor, but my food was average. It's all good, all the extra wait time made me forget how hungry I was. It's just funny because we decided to sit inside instead since all of outside were full so it just didn't make sense to me how it wasn't busy in our section, but the wait time were still long.
3	The seafood was good, steak is pretty bad, price are not too bad, over all is okay.
5	Jax is one of the best bartenders in Vegas which doesn't mean she twirls bottles or dances on the bar top. It means she pours great drinks, has a wonderful personality and works in a bar that is an oh-so refreshing look back at old Vegas style. Henceforth, my bar in Vegas is the Palm and Jax is the queen.
5	I began eating at Palm in New York and I love it just as much today as I did years ago. The staff is very personable and any time my family and I go to Palm Im always confident that the food will be delicious and the service impressive. My daughter, her boyfriend and I went to celebrate her birthday in Los Angeles recently and the Lobster was delicious. When I'm in Vegas I never miss an opportunity to eat there. They have a great happy hour and lunch and dinner are fabulous. I had a trip scheduled to Austin, TX and the first thing I did was check to see if they had Palm there but the closest one is in San Antonio.
4	excellent service & food however super duper pricey! be aware of that.
5	Great service and food. Pricey for sure but you get what you pay for. Prime rib was on special and it was awesome.
4	Great lunch spot- Ive never been to a Palm for lunch and didnt know what to expect, I have had their restaurants for dinner, but I was impressed with their lunch menu.  Really good lunch.
3	Pros: portions were huge! Chicken parm was the size of my plate and ok tasting. Carrot cake single serving can feed 2-3 people. 7 layer double serving could feed 4-5 people and very rich! Server was nice. Head hostess will put unruly patrons in line! Atmosphere inside is dark.Con: server wasn't very tentative. We waited forever for dessert menus and he didnt wait to take all our orders. We had to call him back to the table. They sang for my aunty and uncle's anniversary but they weren't even lively so it was lame! French fries were like regular fries....i'd get better fries at mcdonald's. server couldn't describe his menu items. Compared their coffee to foldgers...really? For the price of the menu, i was a bit disappointed. Not likely to return.
4	Great happy hour every day from 5-7pm. Half off prime bites like steak burger sliders, lobster sliders, lobster bacon fondue, crab cakes, meatball sliders, flatbread and shrimp. Half off wines by the glass and spirits.In the Caesars Forum Shops right outside the Casino. I really enjoyed the happy hour. Although it's a chain restaurant the food is excellent and the wine list is awesome! Go to happy hour for good food and wine at a great price! Restaurants in Vegas can be pricy - the Palm usually offers great monthly specials if you join the email club. See you back at happy hour next year when I am in Vegas!
5	We made reservations through open table on the yelp mobile app. No issues, we were seated right away. Unfortunately, I made the reservation for 7:00 and then we ended up eating lunch around 3:00, so we weren't very hungry when we sat down for dinner. Everything was so good, I wish I had room for more sides or maybe a dessert.I ordered the 14oz filet even though I didn't think I could eat it because it was only about four bucks more than the 9oz. It was huge. No way was that thing under a full lb. I ordered it medium expecting a perfect mid rare and that's exactly what I got. Tender, juicy, and delicious. It ranks up there with the best steaks I've ever had. At just under $50, it was almost a bargain when you consider that you normally pay $30 for a filet half the size. The sides are served family style, and the only one we tried was the au gratin potatoes. They were the best I've ever had.Service was excellent. Friendly, fast, and very professional. I'd be happy to come back to this restaurant.
2	Just went here yesterday with the lady. Food wasnt bad but not worth the price. The menu was very predictable and boring. The highlight of our meal was the creamed spinach and the goat cheese mashed potatoes... the sides shouldn't be the highlight. I had the swordfish dish. The fish was good quality but the sauce wasn't much and the fish was overcooked.. the relish was also way too acidic and unbalanced. Girlfriend got the chicken parm which was decent but no better than anything you could get at a pizza place that also does pasta. Creme brulee was also pretty weak. Not a bad place but not too good either.  IMO if you're going to have simple traditional dishes that everyone's tried a million times over in a million different places yours should atleast stand out in some way. Also the service was seriously lacking and the waiters/bussers seemed clumsy and oafish.
5	There are so many Steakhouses in Las Vegas that it is very hard to for one to differentiate between them all.  The Palm is a solid eatery that will never let you down.  Yes, it doesn't have the hip atmosphere of the others nor is it located near a popular night club or off the Casino floor of a 5 Star Resort in the area, but what it lacks in "coolness" it makes up for ten fold in quality and service.This New York legend has been seamlessly transplanted to Las Vegas and it bares the same food quality and service of their flagship restaurant on 837 2nd Ave in New York City.  Every time I am in Las Vegas I make a stop for their Business Lunch (best deal in town: salad, entree and dessert for $25.90) or for Dinner (I highly recommend the NY Strip).  I've never had a bad meal here and I've always been satisfied with the product delivered.  If you're looking for a Steakhouse to impress friends, attend a business meeting or simply have dinner with a spouse or date, look no further than the Palm.
1	Just wanted a quick bite because the buffet was too crowded. I tried their steak burger and it was horrid. I had to spit out several bites because of tiny round cartilage (or I think that was what it was). Total let down.
3	Palm, one of the long time establishments located near the entrance of the Forum Shops. How could I not expect a lot because of its prestige, reputation and price point. And to be quit honest the food was "okay," but the service was superb. My family came for Saturday lunch to celebrate my dad's birthday and parent's wedding anniversary. To start off the bread basket was obviously from a supplier and not baked in house. It was nothing special and was just sliced up rolls of bread, something they should work on. We asked for water initially and surprisingly they didn't ask if we preferred bottled or tap, I guess since we're Filipino they already knew to serve us tap. Hahaha! I ordered the 3 course Power lunch special ($26). Pretty good deal I must say. I had the clam chowder, nicely done and crackers were served on the side. For my main entree I had the filet mignon medallions which was "okay" not the tastiest but edible. I was expecting a lot since this place is known for steaks? I should of asked for the sauce to be on the side because it was taking the spotlight. I was disappointed but oh well what can I do? Finally dessert I had cheesecake to go because I was so full from everything else. When I ate it at home it was delicious and it was on the "lighter, fluffier" side in comparison to most cheesecakes I'm used to. In addition to what I order I tried the crab cakes, which was my mom's entrees. And this was not good because it was made with curry?! I like curry but didn't expect it to be in the crab cake which in my opinion unfortunately made everything all bad.  I probably won't be back because I've had better steaks from places that are cheaper. This was a nice experience to splurge and indulge especially since Palm is known for having their patrons eat in the outside area of the restaurant while mall shoppers eye and droll the food as they walk buy. To give them some credit, the service was on point. Our waters never hit below half. Our party ordered a 5lbs lobster and was opened by the busser at our table. Not sure if he was a busser or our server's assistant because he was so good and on top of it. I don't remember his name but he was an older Hispanic gentleman in his 40s or 50s.
3	Came here for my mom's birthday dinner because we were informed of the 4lb lobster deal for $80 that comes with two salads and two sides. We had a party of 5 and we all ordered different things, so we had a good variety to taste some of their dishes. For the atmosphere, I did not really like the 1/3 of the restaurant butting out the front entrance in the mall walkway. It just feels like your eating in a mall with just a table and chairs with people walking back and forth staring at you and your food. Luckily, we were seated like half and half from the outside and inside. I sat down at an angle where I can see a little interior and the forum shops. I kept staring at Burberry. For the food, I tried the watermelon salad with the cheese in the middle of the watermelon. It was different, pretty good and I'd say worth the try. Nothing superiorly amazing that'll make me come back for though. Lobster bisque was okay, a bit towards the saltier side and not as creamy as expected. There was this shrimp dish, forgot the name, but it had Dijon mustard as part of the sauce and it was pretty good. For my entree, I had the double cut lamb chop 18oz. We also ordered sides: the asparagus fritti, goat cheese mashed potatoes, three cheese potato something, and wild mushrooms. I really enjoyed the potatoes. Cheese and potatoes? Hell yeah. Goat cheese mashed potato was different, I'd probably get that again if I came back. Asparagus fritti, no big deal. Just deep fried asparagus but the sauce with it is not bad. Wild mushrooms are no big deal. As for my lamb, it was juicy, fat, and pretty good. My mom got a cheesecake, whoop happy birthday mom, comped by the restaurant, and it was like your typical cheesecake. Thank you though ! The staff was really friendly. I enjoyed their kindness and happy-go attitude. Oh and eat the bread. That shiet was addicting.
3	Most recent visit was quite different than our prior visits.  Things seemed discombobulated.  30 minute wait to be seated (for a 6PM reservation), challenges with getting our club 837 benefits due to some glitches.  Small Caesar instead of regular Caesar salad.  5lb lobster just didn't seem to be 5 lbs (maybe we are wrong on that one, but I just didn't look right).  Just a very "glitchy" visit.  I inquired if tthere had been any changes in the restaurant recently (ownership, management, etc.).  I was told that the restaurant manager role had recently changed hands.  We love the palm, so we will be back, but a caution flag for seasoned Palm diners.  I expect this is just a aberrant experience we had or, alternatively, some growing pains with the management transition.  Food tasted good, food was well prepared.  Like I said - just unusually glitchy...
4	Great happy hour.  Half price beers and apps.  In terms of the regular menu the food is always great and they often have excellent specials.  You can't go wrong with any of the fish or steak entrees.
5	awesome Happy Hour specials! you have to get the lobster/bacon fondue with pretzel rolls. Damn. half off drinks and a great open bar area. oh, and perfectly timed from 5-7p. our bartender was also a cool dude and very helpful. located right in the Forum Shops area. we may just come back and try their dinner. i hear they have a good steak.
5	Was recently at the Palm for my son's bachelor party dinner with a group of 18.  We were seated immediately with no wait even with a big party.  We were all going to order individual appetizers but our waiter suggested we get three of the triple appetizer towers.  That was a great choice, plenty of variety for all of us.  I even think we ordered a fourth.  All of us ordered some sort of steak or chop, all of which were cooked to perfection for every order.  I myself had the Rib-eye, fabulous as always.  This is the only steak i will ever order at the Palm. No other steakhouse can compare.  There was not one complaint about anyone's food.  Everyone was served basically at the same time, no one had to wait.  The food was without a doubt outstanding, and the service by our waiter Israel "Izzy" Ruelas and his serving assistants was exceptional beyond belief.  They truly made our dinning experience for my son's"s bachelor party a memorable one that will not be forgotten. As an 837 club member from the original in New York this was outstanding.  You can take all of your celebrity TV chefs and put them aside.  They are not even in the same category with food or service that was experienced from our visit to The Palm. Again BRAVO Palm and Thank You Again. You rock Izzy
4	My wife and I just are here for our 4 year anniversary. We've had lunch a few times at the bar before. This was our first dinner. It was delicious. The filet was pretty great, but the sea bass was SO phenomenal. I would say one of the best parts was the service. Our waiter was great. Genuine and just made the dinner that much better.
5	This ranks with the best steakhouse dinners I've had in Las Vegas.  We came here before the Elton John concert last night.  I ordered a New York strip (a 12 ounce steak) and my wife got the 9 ounce filet.  We got an order of fries as a shared side.The bread basket had a nice variety but I didn't want to fill up on that so I had two small slices of two kinds.  The steaks were both cooked perfectly.  Mine, blue, was cool and red on the inside--just perfect!  The fries were nicely seasoned although I didn't taste much garlic as I had expected.For dessert, my wife had the seasonal berries and I went with the single size portion of carrot cake.  I would like to see the double portion for sharing just to see if it needs two people to carry it to the table.Service was excellent!  Lopez was our server and he was very personable, polite, and efficient.  I never asked for an iced tea refill.  It was automatic.  Next time, we'll sit on the patio and watch the people walking by in the Forum Shops. We found that the air conditioning inside was quite cold and it was a bit warmer on the patio.
5	Oh My Gosh Do I LOVE This Place!This past Vegas trip (Oct. 2013) me and the boyfriend decided to branch away from the group of 15 we were with and do a date night at Cesar's Palace since it was close to our hotel (The Palazzo) and after numerous restaurant suggestions from my girlfriend Mochi who lives there, I ended up choosing The Palm restaurant located in Cesar's Palace right in the beginning of the Forum shops. We made reservations through open table and got a table within 45 minutes of booking it. The place is kind of loud so we opted to sit outside where it was a lot quieter and a nicer view. We both weren't that hungry so we decided to share a salad and an entree.What I love about this place:1.) The Chilean sea bass ($37)2.) Mixed green salad ($11.50)3.) The ambiance4.) Workers5.) THE FREE BREAD they give and whip butter (I had to ask our waiter twice to refill our basket---especially with the sweet raisin cinnamon bread)Don't be like us and forget to use your rewards card for points and discount!
5	Whenever we go to Las Vegas, the Palm is a must for us.  Service was just outstanding and the food just wonderful.  Calamari very good, salad was wonderful and Steak cooked just perfectly.
5	This place is outstanding! Very convenient inside the forum shops at Caesar's.  We enjoyed the special 2 lobster tails 2 sides and 2 starters-$89!!!!!  I had the lobster bisque - absolutely delish! Our sides were the half and half....half homemade potato chips & half thinest onion rings ever, cooked perfectly, plus our second side was mashed potatoes with goat cheese- I say wowsa! Terrific service too! What more can you ask for from a top Vegas restaurant!Important note - you will most likely have leftovers - if you take a to go bag and are attending a concert at Caesar's, they will not allow you to take the food in. They check inside your purses too. It must be hidden in your coat, sock, bra whatever! Just wanted you to know so you don't get disappointed!
5	Had my birthday party of 20 very nice place keep up the good work thanks for making it nice
4	Went with my two brothers for my B-day dinner while in Las Vegas for a guy outing. The Palms is easy to find in the Forum shop area. Nice decor, low lighting, white table cloths the whole 9 yards. Service was fantastic our waiter was right on it with wine, waters, food. Started with calamari - brought out right away - very tasty. Two of us ordered the Fillet Mignon steaks, and one order of veal - all dinners were prepared perfectly and my one brother said best veal dish he had ever had - actually took back the left overs to the hotel room. BTW my steak was excellent - tender, Lot's of flavor. Overall I will be back next time in Vegas with the wife.
5	Great food and BEYOND great, friendly service!  No food split fees either.
5	In a town of great restaurants, this one stands out.  Every time I come here, I regret not getting there sooner--their food and service is that good.  This time I had the lobster bisque to start--perfect.  The atlantic salmon cajun-style was perfect, as were the vegetables, which were still crunchy and not overcooked.  The New York cheesecake was to die for--even better than Cheesecake Factory's, as the complexion was also perfect.  The kicker is the pumpernickel bread, perfectly slightly sweet with raisins.  Even the butter was slightly soft.  And our server Brasche was super friendly and helpful.  The couple next to me had the veal medallions which looked delish.  Perfect lunching experience at the Forum Shops.  It's on the pricey side, but very reasonable, given the quality and generous portions.  Don't hesitate.  Go!
5	So I have a new favorite steak place. Too bad they are 1200 miles from home. The service was great with nice ambiance. Extensive wine list and a good selection of beers on tap. We were in a group of 8 and could stoll converse with everyone at the table wihout screaming.Now... about the food.... The filet mignon was so velvety and tender. I don't know how else to describe it but perfection. My husband had the sea bass. I hate fish, but this was delicious. We had creamed spinach and goat cheese mashed potatoes.  A little pricey, but well worth it! My husband who hates creamed anything wouldn't stop hogging all the spinach. That speaks wonders...I will definately be returning here wheb back in Sin City.  Now, could you please just build one in Austin?
3	This was my first meal in Vegas at Ceasar's Palace. We sat out on the patio (which I highly suggest), because it makes for great people watching in a place that is known for attracting nearly all walks of life. The service at Palm Restaurant was excellent. We had an older either Russian or Italian server, and unlike a lot of other fine-ish dining resturants where a bus boys ends up being the one serving the table, he was very attentive the entire time and knew the menu like the back of his hand. I was with three friends and we ordered three salads and split the three-pound lobster. The salads were pretty average (I mean really, how can you get that crafty with a salad) and the lobster was just ok too, however it did feed all of us comfortably. Having been spoiled with some really fresh seafood in my lifetime, I will say this lobster wasn't the freshest thing I've ever tasted. While it did taste good, it was lacking that just-out-of-the-ocean taste that food at some other seafood restaurants has.Overall, the Palm serves average food with great service at a high price point. With the competition for dining in Vegas, it's like Yelp says, A-OK.
4	Fantastic restaraunt.  Attentive and friendly service.  Great food (like a prix fixe lunch for $25 with ample beef filet perfectly cooked and seasoned and a massive cheese cake desert that I couldn't even start at lunch because of all of the food with the first 2 courses).Looking forward to future shopping trips to the Forum Shops so I can work in another lunch.Even though they are connected to a fancy restaurant group - this place realizes its in a mall and keeps a relaxed atmosphere - come as you are and enjoy a nice meal.
4	Standard service not bad not exceptional.She had the Zinfandel I had the Stella, mine was better but Zinfandel is tasty...Shared a small Caesar salad just ok not really impressed and actually kind of disappointed.Shared small 3 cheese potatoes au gratin, good.She had the 14 oz NY strip, yum!I had the 14 oz filet mignon, good but not wow her's was better...think I'm a NY strip man for a while.Had my filet oscar style with crab meat, asparagus and hollandaise sauce. Sauce just ok, crab meat good not great not "fresh" asparagus was average.All in all 3.5 but rounding up because it's Christmas lol. LA location made for better food and more memorable experience.$187 with tip...I expected a ill bit more... Again 3.5 but rounding up and thus not posting a 3 star review...
5	Our waitress here was seriously so cute and sweet! Excellent service. Excellent food! We both got petite filets with the creamed spinach and brussel sprouts. So good! We got a bottle of Fogdog Pinot Noir that was the perfect compliment to our meal. I definitely recommend this Palm; It's right in the Forum Shops. Such a yummy dinner before seeing Absinthe!
3	I hear your heart beat to the beat of the drumsOh, what a shame that you came here with someoneSo while you're here in my armsLet's make the most of the night like we're gonna die young at PALM RESTAURANT! - Kesha (die young)Let's start with the good:1. romantic atmosphere where you can sit inside where it's darker or outside where the forum shops are2. kitchen is open late compared to other steakhouses3. crab cakes were one of the best i've had in a while4. service was extremely diligentAnd the bad:1. the bone in filet I ordered didn't stand out and the Bearnaise sauce didn't help2. bread seemed more like leftovers3. they are part of their own restaurant group from Caesar's so you can't use your comps here, kinda wish I knew this ahead of time haha oh well!Back story:This place wasn't our first choice but I messed up with timing and thinking that kitchens were opened later than they actually were on weekends so yah...since my heart was set on a steakhouse, this was the most accessible place I could come up with given it was past 10 pm and kitchens were closing fast. Literally a super last minute decision that turned out serviceable, just gotta plan ahead a little better next time :)
5	A must stop every time we come to Vegas! Lunch or dinner! My mom and I enjoy splitting dishes so we can try more..and this is a great place to do so! The service is wonderful. We love the Caesar salad. Filet mignon was amazing. The bread is always wonderful with a few choices! We have shared and loved almost every dish on the menu. We are members of the 837 club because we dine here a couple times a year. It has it's perks! Love The Palm!!
5	I took my lovely wife here for dinner before Celine.  After my first bite of my filet, I told her I was giving this place five stars.  We ordered lobster, filet mignon, three chesse au gratin potatoes, and a caesar salad.   While the salad was ordinary (a little underwhelming frankly), the rest of the food was most definitely extraordinary!  Simply superb taste and texture.  Three special comments about the service as well:  They tied bibs on us in case the lobster got messy and butter went a-flyin'.  Both of our waiters, using cloth napkins, broken open the claws of our lobster and pulled the meat out for us.  After dinner, they squeezed fresh lemon juice into our hands and then provided warm, wet tablecloths for us to dry our hands with.  We left smelling lemony fresh!  This place, though very pricey, will not disappoint.  We chose to sit on the patio and people watch.  A great evening!
5	Had dinner here on New Years Eve before the Celine Dion show. Our waiter Barry was awesome and very mindful of our show schedule. Food was great and wine list plenty extensive. Great way to ring in 2014!
1	Another bad experience at Palm.I often dine at the Palm in LA,this location always drops the ball. Had reservation for 8 for two, waited 30 minutes to be offered a table that was open the entire time, and was being used by people in the bar to rest there drinks. After I asked if we could wait for a better table he told us no than offered us a table that everyone was crowding around trying to talk to the hostess. Clearly they didn't want us to dine here, overall I just think they treat customers poorly at this location. If my client had not requested this restaurant I would of never came back.  Overall bad experience and was embarrassing to be treated so poorly. Only good part was the bartender who poured our glasses of wine.
5	Had the Cobb salad.  It was excellent.  The garlic vinaigrette was excellent. Loved the atmosphere. I will Come back. The bartender was excellent. Very  pleasant and nice to talk to sitting at the bar. Very helpful in menu choices. Very attentive to the customers at her bar!
4	When we got to the palm, there was a huge line of people waiting to be seated, and found out we all had reservations. Obviously the young lady and guy were overwhelmed and didn't seem handle well with frustrated mobs. Then here comes older nice manager who get everyone seated in a few try. Waiter was right on, comes just in time for drink refill, had good sense of humor, and right attitude. Food was...could be better, meat was great, quality meat, but didn't think they cocked right. I had key clients and didn't want to send back food, as I know it's against our clients cultural thing, but if they weren't there I would have sent back first bite. Location is kinda hard to find, unless you know Cesar.
5	I have been going to the palms all of my life because our shop was right next door. Every time I have gone it has been a wonderful experience. The waiters are amazing, the food is incredible and the atmosphere is so memorable to me. I will always remember skipping into the palms as a little girl and ordering a soup and a salad and my mom paying up front and asking a waiter to walk me back to the store when I was finished. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking to dine like a king.
3	Service was a little slow, but the waiter was nice. Had the filet mignon and the 3 cheese air gratin potatoes. Oh my those potatoes were to die for! I want to go back just for those. The filet was incredibly thick and cooked to perfection. Pass on the Caesar salad. I ordered the small and couldn't even finish it. Flavorless dressing, and they used the powdery Parmesan cheese instead of grated and it just didn't work for me
5	You must ask to see the Barry & Mary Show. The best in town. Incredible service. Tell them Art sent you. You will not be disappointed.
2	If your taste for great food can be influenced by one particular restaurant then the Palm is it for me. I have been eating at this gastronomic icon before I was even an adult. I've eaten at the Palm in most major cities and had the most magical dinner at the original in NYC. What a great place to start to form a love for incredible food. Unfortunately, like the mall it's in, it's a glitzy place with no substance (sorry, Caesers). A friend and I walked in right on time for our reservation and were made to wait after we declined to sit at the bar (the hostess tried to convince us that eating in the bar was an option for reservations even though there were many empty tables - rude). Finally we got a table and from then on the experience got a bit better. Service here is impeccable. Our water glasses stayed filled, plates were taken away, everyone was very polite and efficient. That is the best part of this restaurant.The bread basket was delicious, it has several different kinds served with butter. We each ordered steak, that is why we came. I ordered the bone-in ribeye and my friend ordered the filet mignon. We also ordered three sides: mushrooms, mashed potatoes and creamed spinach.I usually love sides, I think they can be an incredible accompaniment, but these were so bad we didn't even touch them. The mushrooms were clearly soaked in vinegar. The sharp acrid taste was so overwhelming that the taste of mushrooms was clearly lost. The mashed potatoes had goat cheese mixed in, which I'm not a fan of, but the potatoes were fluffy. I just can't eat goat cheese. Blech. The creamed spinach was overwhelmingly creamy, almost too thin to eat with a fork. The taste was bland as though they had added too much tasteless cream. The spinach taste was also lost.I ordered my ribeye medium rare and it came out so rare that if it had been cooked any less it would have been raw. The meat was stringy and so fatty that I almost gagged. I ate a few bites and then asked for it to go. What? My dogs love undercooked, overfatty meat!My friends filet was good, but I refused to taste it. After all this bad food my stomach was starting to hurt. Ugh. I'm extremely disappointed in the food at this restaurant. It was my first bad experience with the Palm, EVER (in 28 years). I would never go back here. Not for free, not for pay, never.
5	This was a truly great meal. We started with the clams casino and they were very tasty. We then split the boneless ribeye which was for "2-3 people." This thing could easily feed 3-4! We sure did get our fill of steak! It was a fabulous steak though. Cooked perfectly and sliced table side. The service was impecable. The atmosphere is fun with all the caricatures everywhere. Very good wine list. This was not our first choice on a busy night when our other plans fell through but ended up being the best meal we had in Vegas. Now the prices are what you would expect from a place with aged steaks but it was worth it. Second best steak I have ever had. We also had a side of the cheese potatoes and they were so flavorful. I could have eaten them for a meal! The sides for 2 are very good portions for the price. You will not leave hungry!
4	We had lunch here with another couple while shopping recently, and the food was great, but the service was TERRIBLE.  We waited more than 15 minutes to get a drink - and I don't mean just alcoholic drinks, but that was just the wait for water.  Once we finally received water, the waiter came back 10 minutes later with our cocktails.  Great bloody mary if you can wait for it.   It took another 10 minutes for her to make it back to take our order, and then 10 more to get the bread basket!   Ridiculous.The food was good - I had a jumbo lump crab cocktail that was full of crab and well worth the price, while others in the group had sandwiches and steak burgers with fries.  My husband said his blue cheese steak burger was delicious, and another guest said that the chicken sandwich from the specialty menu was really tasty.  Overall we would try this restaurant again on another visit to Vegas, but definitely would NOT sit with the inattentive server again.  Cheers!
5	As per usual the food was spectacular!Located inside Cesars Palace, this is an excellent place to enjoy a meal and people watch in Vegas. The staff are fun and personable (not stuffy like some fine dining restaurants). They willing sat us right away once we learned that some of our party would not make it. For an appetizer I had the ahi tuna with seaweed salad. The tuna was seared beautifully and the salad was very tasty. For my main entree I had bone-in ribeye (its huge) cooked medium rare with no added sauces. This was BY FAR the best steak I have ever had. The Palm just knows what they are doing. Add a side of brussels sprouts and I was set.
3	I only ate lunch here and perhaps I would have experienced something different if not elevated.  Having said that, the Palm was good.  It is located inside the Caesar's Forum Shops and has that outside cafe feel due to the wonderful mall design.  The staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  I probably need to return to get a steak.
5	We had dinner and a show after watching Celine Dion at the Forum. Food is great, Cheesecake - excuisite. Best i've had.
4	If you are looking for a power lunch, PalmsRestaurant is your spot ! 4 course meal for under $26 a person. Huge portions in a European Style feel :) sit on the outdoor patio right on the Forum Shops Mall ! A constant flow of people watching :) highly recommend the Atlantic Salmon as the entree choice :) FYI the bread is to die for !
2	Steak way overcooked. Karlos the server was a first-class upseller; WOW what a talent he is at trying to get me to order a $20 shrimp cocktail.He forgot to put the calamari, in; announced steaks coming out in a sec, then remembered calamari, and had steaks under heat lamp. All were overdone and for $52 per, it was a problem.Very overpriced.
5	We usually go here for birthdays, anniversaries or other special occasions. The best item on the menu is the filet. I've tried the ribeye but it wasn't as good as another steakhouse that we go to. We will always book ahead because there are so many conventions here in Las Vegas and seating isn't always available so if you're from out of town, don't assume that there are tables open.Lastly, we only go when our favorite waiter Barry is on deck. He's always on point and he makes sure that everything is to your liking.
3	A coworker recommended this restaurant to me and I recently had a chance to try it. I was in town and made online reservations a day in advance for dinner for a party of five on a Saturday evening @ 6:30pm. We arrived a few minutes early and were seated almost immediately. The table we were seated at was located just inside of the outdoor seating area, which was great, because we could enjoy the pulse of activity going on outside in the forum shops area right in front of us. Our male server was polite and for the most part attentive, but we had to remind him for an item he initially forgot and we had to ask for water refills. Decent menu selection, but very pricey! The food we ordered was okay...but was nothing special (which included orders of the NY Strip Steak & Filet Mignon). I don't mind paying high prices as long as it's worth it...but in this instance I didn't feel the food quality matched the prices being charged. Which is the same with how we felt about the service. My wife and I felt that we've had a better overall dining experience at Flemings and they aren't even as expensive. Interesting note: I initially tried to get reservations at Flemings, but it was booked solid whereas at this restaurant it was definitely not packed. Overall, I would have to say nice ambiance, neat location being located in the Caesar's Forum Shops...but in my opinion the food and service fell short of the $$$ paid.
4	Yes another steakhouse review, how can I resist?The atmosphere is typical old school steakhouse, wood floors, hard wood chairs, etc. I'm kind of done with this but oh well. We had reservations for Del Friscos but had to switch to the Palm due to a scheduling conflict. Del  Friscos atmosphere is more gentlemen's club, polar opposite of the Palm.Once our whole party arrived we outgrew our table. They were able to move us to a larger table on the spot.The service was very attentive to start but as the place filled up it became a bit less attentive. The appetizers arrived very quickly but the pause for the entrees was about 25 minutes.When the steaks arrived they were cooked as ordered and very good albeit wet aged as I prefer dry. Wine selection worked well and we had a reasonably priced Malbec, actually many of them.There are so many steakhouses in Las Vegas even multiple ones in the same hotel. I would probably skip this one and try another or just go back to Del Friscos.
2	The Two Stars are for the servers that try their best.This used to be my favorite place for all special occasions. Not anymore.I went their for my birthday, as they gave a free lobster dinner. The old saying, "A Free Meal Tastes Better" , only applies to a cheap acquaintance, not me. The Lobster, that my wife shared, was very sad. Their special, a Bone in Filet, was Sizzler Quality, not worth the $60, not worth half the price. The Bread Basket is still one of the best in town. That's about it. It is obvious that this place has either gone "corporate", or just like most Las Vegas places on the Strip, does not care about repeat business, and certainly could care less about locals.The last draw was when I wanted to have a special dinner, after my wedding ceremony.We walked in on President's Day, and were told the person in charge of Banquets was off, and only she had the schedule. Holiday, fair enough.The next day I called, and no reply. I called the manager, he couldn't help me. I did not get a call back for four days, by which time, I chose another place.The only reason I am not sending a nasty letter to Corporate is because, first, it will do no good. Second, they will still send me a free lobster dinner for my birthday, and I will give it to my son, to impress some girl.Here's what sums up my feeling;My sister gave us a $200 Palm Gift Card for a wedding gift. I told my wife to take her friends there. NO way will I ever eat there again!!!!!Try Del Frisco's. Much better quality and value, and they want your business. These folks could care less.
4	Great food, salad and steak were excellent. Hostess nice and friendly. I had the filet and was prepared exactly as I requested. Server was good but forgetful.
5	Great service, nice Resturant, great deals for lunch! We loved the power lunch, great price for a 3 course meal! Big portions, and very tasty! We were more the happy when we had lunch there! I highly recommend this place! It's inside Caesars palace.
4	What great restaurant. In a city (Las Vegas) full of great restaurants this is a place of wonder.  With the New York feel in a time when New York as the only place  you could fined a room with this much flavor. Seasoned with fun and tradition you can go back in time.  To enjoy a night out you pals for drinks and dinning. Everything is top of the line from the wait staff to the kitchen crew. Came as you are set and watch the parade of shopper as you relax on the porch and indulge one of the city's best steak. The New York strip was cooked perfect tender and juicy. A nice wine list and the bottle is  served correctly.  Well worth every penny and you will spend a bunch of penny's but you can't take it with you.You just got to love this place, hats off to the Palms.
3	Oh man, if only I could do 2.5 stars here.  Let me explain:I attended a bachelor party meal here with a large group of dudes.  13 to be exact.  While the food was very good (I had the crab cakes, everyone else had steak - but everyone said the steak was quality), there was a vital service error that I thought was handled the wrong way.Let me first clearly state that my crab cakes were damn good, and so were the sides of green beans with pancetta and mashed potatoes.  The food was 4-stars-good, albeit overpriced.Our waiter was a good guy and he did a good job overall, BUT... one guy's steak was either really overcooked or they just plain forgot it...I really can't remember which happened, but that is irrelevant.  Anyway, they told him they would get him a new one in just a few minutes.  They then came out and shot him straight saying that cooking a new steak at this point would take more than a few minutes.  They asked if he wanted something else that might cook a little faster, and the Victim stated he would take some crab cakes.Here is where they went wrong.  They gave him a free drink for his troubles.  I don't know if this waiter had any control over this situation, but to me... with a group of 13 people at a special occasion like this, you should be getting that entree for free.  He didn't want crab cakes, he wanted steak... and they screwed up and there was no way for him to be eating his entree even close to the same time as the other 12 people at that table.  If you're at the level of pricing that a restaurant like this is ($36 for crab cakes, even more for the steak), there's a certain raised level of expectations for service - and they just weren't met here.  The bill for this meal was probably in the $1500-2000 range... they should've taken the $50 hit to make it right and give this guy his steak for free.  Maybe that just isn't done at places like this... I can't say I go to them regularly enough to gauge something like that.No other complaints, the waiter was good overall... I just think The Great Steak Incident Of 2014 was handled all wrong.  I wouldn't eat there again, but that's because I wouldn't regularly pay $36 for crab cakes when I can go to In N Out burger for 8 bucks.  I'm a classy gentleman.
4	The Palm Restaurant in Las Vegas is expensive, but worth it. The salmon was incredible, and at the time that we went to Vegas I was into eating salmon frequently, and the one served at the Palm has turned out to be the best I have ever had. We live on the east coast, near the water, and seafood is readily available, but I still remember that meal as having been the best. The atmosphere is like most steakhouses, with perfectly lacquered hard wood everywhere, and a fine dining feel the moment you walk in. As a family of four, we felt it was a little bit much to spend, but when you are in Vegas, you are there for the whole experience, so don't hold back. Enjoy and spend a little.  This is definitely a great place to do that.
3	3 stars for food BUT as another review had happen, my girlfriend ordered her steak medium and it was mostly rare.     Really? How does a place like this struggle with temperatures?    It was still good but come on. I will not be back.
4	NY Strip was solid, but not the best I've ever had.  Our server Barry really made the experience though.  Attentive, solid recs, and great conversation.  Can't ask for more from server.  Salud Barry.
3	I like their outdoor patio for people watching in the Forum Shops.Tony gave us warm & genuine service for lunch.And i thought the power lunch which inclued Filet Medallions with peppers & onions, some Cottage Fries, a Caesar & Key Lime for $26 is an amazing value.Only problem is steak was ok, Caesar was overdressed, and Key Lime was not good.Too bad.  Will not be returning.
5	First off I hardly remember waiters name because its rare that you have an unforgettable experience. The day I went I was celebrating my birthday and let me say that I left feeling extra special! Our waiter was the best ever(Carlos) and the staff as well!! I was with a party of 4 and we ordered the potatoes, salads, shrimp cocktail, lobsters amongst other things and boy was the food great!!!! The lobster is the best lobster I have ever eaten! If you eat a dessert I would recommend the cheese cake that was also the best I have ever had! It was expensive but  so worth every penny!!! I will DEFINITELY be back there!!!Went again for the second time in a week and it was even better......this place is amazing!!!
5	Awesome and accommodating waitstaff! Came here this past Saturday with a party of 5 for lunch. We were seated very quickly and exactly where we wanted - outside hotel area. The warriors game was playing and so was a gold came at the bar. I asked our waiter to have them play the warriors game on the screen closer to us and he made it happen right away. So nice - thank you!Reservations can be easily made on open table and their bread basket is amazing! Either I was really hungry and couldn't wait for my food to come... Or it was really that yummy. The rest of the table agreed, as well. For lunch, I had the lobster bisque (not salty enough but still very tasty) and they created me their own veggie sandwich even though it wasn't on the menu  I loved all of the grilled veggies and tons of avocado. Highly recommend this item!Only thing I wouldn't order would be the Bloody Mary.. It was pretty water downed but other than that, awesome lunch place!
5	Barry is outta control. And Mary is as wonderful as always. On your next visit ask for The Barry & Mary Show.
4	my husband was a huge palm fan but it closed in Miami years ago, so when we walked past it in the caesers shops. he immediately knew he wanted to eat there.the service was ok. the waiter really was exceptionally good at invading personal space. lol. it was weird. he would hover over you to take your order and place your plate in front of you!?we shared the calamari, a burger, and cheesecake for dessert. everything was very good.
4	This place was wonderful. Starting w service, our server was knowledgable, timely, patient and fun. We also had a great conversation w the host. Our food was excellent, seasoned and cooked perfectly. There was an array of bread in the basket, the butter was wonderful, the bread I chose was good, but not my favorite. Only other complaint is the bacon wrapped scallop was slightly tough, but still wonderful.The shrimp appetizer was delicious down to the sauce. The crab cake possibly the best I've ever had, and I used to live in Baltimore, no fillers.My friend had the veal Marsala, said it was amazing. I had the ahi app as my main course, it was perfect and the wasabi was so fresh and spicy! We got the wild mushroom side, a little buttery for me but also very good. We'd definitely go back if we didn't want to try every restaurant in Vegas!
1	After 10 years of working in the service industry in fine dining restaurants, I have now officially had my worst dining experience, EVER! It was my girlfriends first time in Vegas, so I thought I would treat her to a nice dinner and choose Palm due to its review and close proximity to where we were staying. Our server was great right off the bat; very friendly and bubbly and able to describe the menu and the evenings specials. We started with a beefsteak tomato Capri which was delicious. It goes down hill from here. I ordered the bone in ribeye medium-rare, sides of Au gratin potatoes and creamed corn, and my gf was convinced to order the nights special of prime rib instead of the filet mignon. The sides were more of a highlight than the prime beef. My ribeye was cooked more to a black and blue than medium rare - it was okay since I prefer my steak to have its natural juices - but came out at a "lukewarm" temperature rather than warm or even hot. The prime rib must have been given a salt bath for 30 days because it was the most over salted piece of meat I've ever had the displeasure of tasting; no natural flavor existed. Maybe the meat was over salted to cover up its rancid flavor(I'll come back to that comment later). The server was made aware of the dislike of her meal and offered to replace the dish, but my gf had already lost her appetite, so we declined. Not another bite  was taken from the 28oz $60 prime rib by either of us.Later, our server came back to ask if we were finished eating, and I tell her yes, although there was still a significant amount of food still left on the plates. She quickly picked up our plates and rushed of to the kitchen. I raised an eyebrow to the fact that maybe she was just going to pack the leftovers to go. She returns with a desert menu and offers a desert on the house to make up for the prime rib.After eating the creme brulee (very good, by the way), the server returns with our check. I am now wondering where all our food had gone. I ask the hostess if they pack leftover meals to go and she tells me yes. I explain my situation, to take our meals home was not even offered. The hostess and two managers then seemed to be discussing the issue with the server who returned to apologize for the miscommunication error. The hostess returned to the table with the check and explained that it was MY fault I didn't relay that I wanted the food to go, despite more than 50% of the meal was left. She comped our drinks, but we were still charged for the rancid prime rib. I paid the bill, left a 20% tip and left to never come back again. En route to our hotel/casino after dinner, my gf began to feel ill. She threw up what she had eaten, once having to run in to a random casino, and again when we arrived back to our room. I felt fine. We can only assume it was the prime rib that caused her to become ill. It was the only thing she had to eat that I didn't, which leads me to believe the prime rib was turning bad, so it was over salted to cover up the rancid flavor.All in all, our server did a great job, except for the leftovers hiccup. The management staff seemed to be a bit snarky and unapologetic considering the experience. I will never return to this restaurant and I will definitely be spreading the word of our terrible experience.
5	Our favorite steakhouse along with stk but completely different. The Palm is more traditional NY style cuisine and atmosphere. Great food and great service in a classy atmosphere. Gigi salad, shrimp Bruno, clams casino, are all excellent. My NY strip is the star. Best ny I've probly ever had. We shared a grilled 3lb lobster which was also amazing. Martini w blue cz olives yumm. Only thing I'd like to see added is a new trendy homemade steak sauce like some of the other trendy places in town. Awesome bar, great place to start w a cocktail before sitting. Derrick the bartender is awesome, been there since the place opened. Def be back soon!
4	Love our server, Ruan (spelt with a R). He was incredible and so fun! He earned the extra star! My Cobb salad that he recommended was one of the best ever once he suggested their house blue cheese dressing. The dressing that was on it originally lacked a bit in flavor. My other half had the soup, and it was a bit salty. Ruan could tell he wasn't crazy about it and brought him another without us even asking! The other soup was also a bit salty. Delicious bread brought to our table. 2 on the soups, 4 on the salads. Would come back again!
2	Taste: 2.5Creativity/Authenticity: 3.5Atmosphere: 3Service: 4Bang for your buck: 3the only thing me and my gf argue about is food, and when in vegas you have a lot of options and this time we were starving after partying all night till 9 am we needed some food and well we should have argued some more but this time we both said F@#k it and lets eat at the palms cause the reviews seem good... in my drunken state i swore i ate at the palms before and it sucked but i wasn't sure well it sucked again. The service here is good at least with our server, but looking around at the faces of these waiters they look miserable, fake smile on their face when theres a customer which was a bad sign to come. The food here well was just blah, got the boggi burger and the lobster blt. The burger was dry and burnt, the lobster blt was good but nothing special about it just another sandwich with lobster. Atmosphere seems great but it was dead so the ambiance wasn't what i believed or have heard the palms to be. price wise wasn't too bad but when you get more into steaks the price will go up. Overall i don't plan on coming back just because there are so many more choices in Vegas
4	We come to the palm every summer with friends to indulge in their lobster special. The special includes a salad, a 4 lb lobster and a side, to be shared,  all for $100. I always appreciate it when restaurant honors the reservation. We sat on the patio area which is excellent the people watching. We ordered the wedge salad to start. It's not officially part of the special but they were happy to give it to us. This has to be the best wedge I've ever had. It was huge and difficult to finish because of it's size. We ordered the lobster steamed. It came out cooked to perfection. They split the lobster for you at the table pulling the meat out of the shell. We were two couples so we ended up getting two sides. We ordered mushrooms and the creamed spinach. The sides were each excellent. Because it was our friends anniversary, they brought a huge piece of cheesecake for us to share. With four of us working on it, at the end of this meal, we could not finish the cake. My only gripe and the thing that stopped us from getting 5 stars was our waiter, Coyote, who appeared promptly when we sat down, disappeared for the rest of the night. There was a second waiter who was apparently in training he also disappeared for the entire night. The service for the evening was salvaged by an absolutely outstanding busboy who provided the service normally provided by the waiter. Unfortunately I did not get his name. If he had been our main server: this would have been a five star meal.
1	To celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary we chose the Palm.  In the past the dinners have been exceptional  but not this time:It was a quiet night and we chose to be seated near the back where only one other table was occupied.  The waiter arrived took our drink and food order and disappeared.  But only disappeared from our table since he was more interested in the 10 top near by.  Our food was delivered by the back waiter and the head waiter never came back to check to see if we were happy with our meal.  If he had, we could have told him that my husband's MedWell bone in ribeye was under cooked on one side and over cooked on the other end.  I could have shared with him that the 6 lb lobster I ordered was still RAW in two areas.  We tried to get his attention to no avail.Since my husband knows I hate to make a scene and since it was our anniversary he didn't want to spoil it any further.  We did see the waiter for the second time when he dropped the bill at our table.  We put the $450 cash in the folder and proceeded to leave.  His tip was the balance from $432...more than he deserved.  But he had the nerve to say, "That's what you are leaving me old man?"  My husband who works in the industry said he should think about his service.  We are excellent tippers 25- 40% and the could confirm that with Brian or Carlos.  This waiter ruined our 25th wedding anniversary dinner, embarrassed my husband, and my son was furious.As we exited my son asked us to step out as we spoke with McKenzie.  He heard, " I'm sorry."  When we returned home my husband called the restaurant and spoke at length with McKenzie.   McKenzie took down the information and promised us the F&B manager would call us the next day.Guess what that call should have been received on April 16 and on April 29, 2014 and no phone call.   I can't tell you how disappointed we are.  We will only have one 25th wedding anniversary dinner and it was ruined by your staff and management.  I can't imagine why your management staff did not address the situation.I then wrote a detailed email to the corporate office and no response to date on June 10.  I called them and they said they never receive it even though I confirmed the email address.  I guess Palm Las Vegas has learned its lack of customer service from corporate.While I'm sure there is nothing you can do at this late date, I wanted you to know of the failings of this restaurant .  Certainly not the quality of service I would expect from The Palm.
2	Last week I visited Las Vegas-my friend and I decided we really wanted some good seafood. Upon pulling out my handy dandy Yelp app, we came across Palm. Granted, neither of us are under 21 but I guess we still look pretty young. We ordered a bottle of the Pinot Grigio. He automatically carded us. I guess I'm not at the age where I appreciate being carded yet.. especially at a very fancy, expensive restaurant. What did he think? That we were two 19 year old girls getting dressed up and wanting to spend over $100 each just to get some booze?! I found it to be pretty tasteless since usually nicer restaurants are not supposed to do that. The thing that made it the most tasteless was his sarcastic attitude.  We ordered our main course (filet with lobster tail) and calamari as an appetizer. The calamari was way too greasy for me and the marinara sauce it came with for dipping was very bland. My friend and I both agreed on this. The main dish was delicious, we split a filet and lobster tail. Overall the positive for me was the main dish (it was a pretty small portion since we split it). The service and the appetizer were both very average. I realize that almost everywhere you go on the strip is going to be overpriced, but damn.. this place was really overpriced! After a bottle of wine, calamari appetizer, and one entree, we ended up spending about $115 each. I would not go back.
4	I ordered a 5lbs lobster for two which include soup or salad each with a side to share. Wow the lobster was ahhhhhmazing!!! they cracked the claws at the table for you.  Maybe I should have ordered 4lbs but definitely not the 3lbs. The tabled across from us had the 3lbs what a major difference..... extremely happy with mine 5lbs :) . I am a major seafood fan, so when they brought out the plate..... I was like WOWWe sat outside, it was noisy but not that loud. It's located in the forum shops of Caesar palace.  Our waiter was very friendly and attentive.  I had told the waiter that we are celebrating a bday. The waiter asked if he liked cheesecake I said yes!!. The dessert didn't say happy birthday it came with a candle though.  Unfortunately. ... he charged us for the dessert so I have to away half a star for that.  Most higher end restaurant gives a complementary dessert for birthdays.  Another - half star because we both had a headache. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt their seafood was not contaminated because it was so delicious.  That doesn't change the fact that we both had this problem. Don't remember reading on yelp anyone having this problem
4	My group had a great time. Our waiter, Barry, was amazing. Knew about everything on the menu well and made excellent recommendations. He even took our group outside to take a picture, which turned out perfect. The steaks were thick and cooked perfectly. I had the strawberry fields cocktail and it was light and refreshing. Would definitely go back.
5	I was here last week for my boyfriend's birthday. We all got the Lobster Special. If I remembered correctly, it was $99 for 2 and included some sides. I'm not big on seafood, but I enjoyed it. I LOVE their wild mushroom side. This was my 2nd time here and the customer service is excellent. Everyone greets you with a smile. The servers and their assistants are kind and helpful.
4	If your looking for a great steak house, this place is great. Atmosphere ams service was outstanding. A bit costly for a steak but all worth it.
5	This Palms has a great Bone-In Rib-eye. We sat out in the lanai. Great for people watching. The service is excellent and the timing of food between appetizers and main course is done right.
5	Perfect, as usual. Keep up the good work in all your locations!:)
5	Always wonderful food and great service. Save room for the key lime pie or donuts. Cocktails are always perfect! Friendly and warm staff make you feel like a regular even if you are not.
5	Stopped by here while checking out the shops last weekend and it did not disappoint! I had the chicken sand which, sounds simple enough right? WRONG! It was definitely the best sandwich I've ever had! Our server was so nice and helpful too! He even brought out a slice of cheesecake for us since we were celebrating that weekend. Apparently they order the cheesecake from New York! Sooooo good, this restaurant is a must try!
5	A great Steak and service
3	I go to Palm restaurants every few months and had racked up some points...figured we would cash them in for a free meal in Vegas.  Our steaks were good, but lacked seasoning...something I have noticed on recent Palm visits.  Our server was also having trouble with us using our certificate and ended up having to charge me for a coke just so I could leave a gratuity...annoying.
2	The service was quick and satisfactory. I order a swordfish steak that was dry and no flavor. I believe they can do a better job with the seafood.
3	We had dinner here on July 5th. Our friends are long time patrons of the place and raved about it. We were mainly disappointed. Hubby shared the 3 pound lobster with one of our dining companions and he felt it was overcooked and bland.  I had the wedge salad which was not good at all, too oily and impossible to eat - and wedge salad is my favorite.  The dressing ruined it.  I had the petit filet mignon and it was fine, but nothing spectacular.  The asparagus side was delish, highly recommend that. The service was not good. We had to mention many times that we only had 90 minutes to be in and out of there as we had a show, and while our server kept insisting that our meals were "on their way"...we waited an inexcusably long time.  The restaurant was not very busy for 8pm on a Saturday night, so we were surprised by the slow service.  I hope this was just an off night. I might try it again sometime, but hope it is better than what we just experienced. We have friends who rave about the one in San Diego...so??
1	Came here with a party of 12.. 6 chicken Parma and 3 Prime Double Cut Steaks... The steaks were described to us as "brought to you on a cutting board and slices in front of you" .. Instead all 3 steaks were precut and put on a simple plate... Ridiculous service, and delivery...  Fail fail Fail .. I love the Palm and actually have been to the original ... This is a misrepresentation of the brand, and the quality of steak. If I could give 0 stars I would have.The manager did a piss poor job of overseeing his restaurant .. Instead looked to blame wait staff and chef..
5	lve only been here for lunch, usually after shopping in the forum shops but lve never been disappointed. Service and food is consistently good. Best dish lve had from here is the Manhattan clamChowder YUM
3	Order more on the rare side for your steak as they cook more well done. I ordered a medium where it should've been pink in the center but it was basically well done throughout. Still good but wish it was rarer. Great service though!
5	By far, hands down this is ONE of our FAVORITE restaurants in Vegas. The atmosphere is friendly, the servers Dutch and Ms. Lynn always take really good care of us. And the food is always incredible. We're members of the 837 Club so we enjoy the specials year round. The lobster dinner for 2 is the BOMB! Have cocktails at the bar with Kelly. Very fun! Makes an evening out with friends and/or clients memorable.
2	Eww.  Just eww.  I'm not sure what happened to the food quality at this place, but it's definitely gone downhill from the last time I had dinner here.  First, the positive.  1)  The location is fun.  Sitting on the "patio" at the Forum Shops location is great people watching for us Vegas locals; 2) The service was great.  Our hostess, waiter and busboy were all very friendly and attentive, however I will say that they were a bit too quick to want to remove my husband's salad before he was even finished eating it.  Now, the negative.  My lobster bisque was very good, I will give them that.  However, my filet oscar was not.  Although the filet was very very tender (no knife needed), it lacked any type of sear or flavor.  Honestly, it tasted like it came out of a microwave.  You know, like when you were in college and would take home steak to reheat later (because you're in college and steak was a commodity not to be wasted)....but it never tasted the same because a microwave kills the flavor and the texture.  Well, that was my steak.  it was gray, bland and mushy.  And the creamed spinach, well...it was nothing to write home about.  The first time I had creamed spinach was at a Palm in Chicago.  I fell immediately in love and I was forever in search of the perfect creamed spinach at each steakhouse I'd frequent.  But this time, alas, this time it was less than love.  Not even really "like" at this point.  I took the first bite and tasted vinegar.  No creamy cream, no garlic, no parmesan.  Just vinegar.  Bleh.    Unfortunately, it just wasn't the Palm of my memories and we won't be going back.  Thank you for the great service, but no thank you for the bland food.
4	Overall it was nice! Its pricey but its nice. The people at the check in office were great. Overall it was good. Only complaint that i have is this driver named aura that guy is a hustler and just crap!!! Be caracul people!!
1	I went for dinner on Saturday night, August 9th, with a group of about 12 guys for a Bachelor party. I was not the one who picked the restaurant, and when I first went online to read about it, I was a little nervous after reading some poor reviews. We had reservations at 9pm, so I was already very hungry when we got there. The restaurant did not look fancy and had caricatures on the wall. I ordered a special they had where I got a 9unce filet mignon with lobster, and it was served with a soup or salad as well as a side. It was $59, which was kind of steep, but not all that much more than a steak by itself, especially if I were to order a side dish as well. First the salad came. It was a mixed green salad with a balsamic vinaigrette dressing. The dressing was simply awful. I do not know how you mess up a balsamic dressing, but it was really bad. Like I mentioned, I was hungry, so ate it anyway, although I commented to my cousin that it was really bad. Then the steak and lobster came. I will include a picture. It came with asparagus and I ordered the side of green beans. The green beans ended up at the other side of the table, but when I asked about my side dish they brought them over. Frankly, the green beans were the best item I ordered. That is disappointing for a STEAKhouse. I expected something like a lobster tail, but instead there were random chunks of lobster, from the claw or whatever. I was disappointed. Then I tried the steak. I asked for it to be cooked "medium" and it appeared pink on the inside. But the steak was VERY dry and tasteless. I was very disappointed, especially for a steak that cost $50. My cousin gave me a piece of his ribeye, which was cooked medium-rare, and it was much more juicy. I just don't like it that rare. I ate a few more bites of my steak, but it was tough to swallow. It came with Bearnaise sauce on the side, which I tried and did not like. I asked the waitress for some juice and she came with some au jus and some horseradish sauce. I put the juice on the steak, but it was very salty, almost like soy sauce. It made the steak easier to swallow, but did not help, and even hurt the already poor flavor. I was hungry, and upset I spent $59 on a crappy steak, so I ate it anyway. I could have made a big deal and sent it back, but there were 11 other guys who seemed happy enough with their meal and I didn't want to be the one guy who complained and slowed everybody down. But I should have. I thought of posting a negative review a few days ago, but thought I would call the steak house first, and tell them about my experience. Perhaps they would feel sorry and find a way to make it up to me. Perhaps they would give me a coupon or something I could use at another location, since there is another Palm steakhouse in Los Angeles. I called on Tuesday and spoke to a server and hostess, who was very helpful, and asked questions about my dining experience, and took my information and said she would look up the ticket info and have a manager call me back shortly. She called me back later and said a manager would call later. No call. I called again on Wednesday and spoke to another gentleman, who was somewhat helpful, but didn't seem to know too much about the situation. He took my information and said I would get a call back later that night or perhaps the next day. No call. I called again on Thursday, today, and after being put on hold for several minutes, finally talked to a manager named LARRY. He was exceptionally rude and did not care at all about my personal dining experience. He simply read me the notes about the dinner, telling me what I ordered (even if he made a few mistakes) and pointing out that I did not complain at the time and ate the food. He also pointed out how they gave us free cake at the end. Oh, I thought that was for the BACHELOR, and not just because I didn't like my steak. Sorry, we spent almost $900 plus tip, I think one piece of cake is okay. Side note- the cake was by far the best thing I ate at the restaurant. Skip the meal, just get the cake. LARRY did not even apologize for my negative visit, and said he didn't know what else I wanted him to do. He did not even apologize for taking 2 days to talk to me (even if I had to call instead of him calling me back). My meal was very unsatisfactory and LARRY the manager had terrible customer service. I would absolutely NOT go back to this restaurant. I am not sure why we went to this place to begin with, as there are many other steakhouses in Las Vegas that would be much better.   I do NOT recommend The Palm to anyone. GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!*One side note I want to mention- our service at the restaurant was good. I do not have complaints about our waitress. She was nice and helpful and at least tried to make the meal taste better. I do not blame her for my poor experience. And I am quite impressed with the service of the rest of the staff after dealing with such an incompetent and rude manager.
4	I cannot review The Palm based on the food as food was not on my radar today. I was at The Palm for a painting event from Vegas Painting Parties. Having looked at the menu online as well as reviews on Yelp I knew this place would be outside of my price range for food. I ate lunch before I came and I am happy I did. While I did not order food I did order some drinks. One iced tea and one Irish Coffee. When my check came I was shocked to see the iced tea was $4.25 and the coffee was another $12+. With tip I ended up paying $20 for two drinks. Oh my word! That being said, the tea, while small, was a good fresh tasting iced tea. The Irish Coffee, also small, had enough alcohol to feel the burn. And the whipped cream, real whipped cream, what incredibly rich and very thick. Almost too thick to be whipped cream. It was almost as whipped butter. Delicious. I wish the coffee was a tad hotter but other than that, not bad. The service was good too. There were a lot of us in attendance this afternoon and the restaurant seemed to be busy. Still, three or four servers kept our needs in mind and tended to us frequently and almost without being seen. I didn't even see my check arrive.  Aside from the service and the drinks that I did get to experience, the food I saw and could smell seemed great. I was getting hungry. Maybe for a very, emphasize VERY special occassion, I'll try the food too.
2	Not impressed for the caliber of restaurant. They have a cool drink menu with lots of original drinks. I asked for a surprise of a drink from the menu I was disappointed when the waiter returned with a gin and tonic... Real original. Then onto the steak. The menu is not huge which is fine so you figure the few things they do have would be great. I ordered a filet mignon cooked medium. When I got the steak it was very well done with no sight of pink left. I called the waiter who then said hold on and grabbed the manager to come and look at it. I'm sorry do we really need the manager to come to my table to approve that yes my steak is way over cooked? So they brought me a new steak a few minutes later and the manager set it down and said I will wait while you cut into it to see that it is to your liking. A little awkward but okay. Plus that shows a lot of confidence in your cooks. So I cut it open and it was barely less cooked than before. By this time I was done wait sent the manager away so I could eat without being watched over. So for $150 bucks (without tip) for 2 people I was far less than impressed with food or creativity of bartender. I can't say I would go back for the price.
4	Superb! Nice feel in this finely decorated Restaurant. Service was perfect. Thanks Charles! Every morsel of our Dinners was done to a perfection. I had a Monday Night Salad. This best perfectly chopped Salad I've ever had. My entree was the Seared Ahi Steaks and were perfectly prepared Sushi grade Ahi Steaks on a sliced cucumber ocean salad. Amazing.With a side of Brussels. I was in Heaven!
1	I went here for a family dinner with a party of 17. It was great that we made our reservation and right as we got there we were seated. The food was ok, but I've had better for the price.Everyone that ordered the lobster bisque got food poisoning, and it was so unfortunate we ate this the night before we were to head back home to LA. After calling the restaurant to let them know, they just said that it was not because of their soup and insisted it was something else we ate. A simple apology would have sufficed. I mean we were just letting you know how it literally all went down.
4	First off, I have to remind myself that this is a restaurant in a hotel on the strip. That said, it is a nice restaurant. Our waitress was rather rude and unaccommodating, but the man busing our table was really kind, quick, and helpful. We ordered the lobster and were pleased. The lobster and sides were cooked well. However, I'd have to admit, the bread basket was my favorite part of the meal. Our visit wasn't anything special, but it was nice.
4	JR is the best waiter...their white chocolate bread is amazing (free)  ...the onion rings are the skinny yummy kind--not greasy and u can order a 1/2 and 1/2--  1/2 onion rings and 1/2 thin French fries...just be careful ordering lobster--the CLAWS are GIGANTIC but the bodies are small...a 5 pound lobster is 3 1/2 pounds worth of CLAWS!  Its fun to sit 'outside" which is in the mall--great for people watching!  The veal parm is amazing...so are the asparagus...I would give it 5 stars except for the lobster incident...
5	I ate the most amazing 5 lb broiled lobster along with a nice cut of filet mignon. Oh my gosh.  I highly recommend it to anyone that has a taste for fine food!
4	We had a large table of 8, and it was a very nice experience all around.  Typical Las Vegas steakhouse prices.  Also, in typical fashion, the room was rather loud.  Food, service, and ambience, were all very good.  We will return.
3	My uncle treated me, my wife and my cousin to a birthday meal.  I'm torn because yes, the service is excellent, however, my lobster was tough and chewy and my wife's steak was just "ok".  I don't eat beef, so I can only go on what she said.  She said " it wasn't that flavorful".  She ordered it Medium Well and it was anything but well.  More rare and she didn't want to send it back.  The sides were tasty, the half and half and the creamed spinach.  We also shared a ceasar salad that was good too.  My uncle loved his sea bass and my cousin had chicken parm.  Oh and the chocolate cake was too die for,  Very moist and very fresh and very yum.
3	Perhaps my expectations were higher than they should be given the solid overall 4 stars on Yelp and the fact that the host of the evening raved about this (and took us away from a different casino with ample steakhouse choices to come here). I wasn't overwhelmed, but wasn't underwhelmed either - would leave it as an A-OK. The service was fine, but as the only female at a table with 6 other men, I would have expected that they would have served me first from a manners perspective, and that wasn't the case (the waitress took my salad order and then moved on, and left the table before realizing that she hadn't taken my entree order as she had everyone else's). I started with the Iceberg Lettuce Wedge (Danish blue cheese, toasted walnuts, bacon, cherry tomatoes,chives and fried onions - although I asked them to go light on the bacon). This was a good wedge and I went for the slightly smaller option, which was plenty. As my main, I had the 9 ounce Filet Mignon, cooked medium. It was cooked to perfection and the steak was certainly tasty. For the family style sides, I tried the Goat Cheese Whipped Potatoes and I do love me some goat cheese, which you could taste in the potatoes, but I think they needed a bit more whipping as they were lumpy. For dessert, we shared the doughnuts in a bag (and they do come to the table in a bag) and they were just OK. The wines we had were both great. All in all, it was a good evening (and one I wasn't paying for), however, I expect a bit more consistency at these types of prices at a restaurant, so that's why I'm giving it a solid 3-star rating.
5	Ducking amazing! I first came here 20 years ago when I married my wife and it still keeps giving!  Can't count pennies but best lobster ever and always!
4	We had lunch at Palm Restaurant.While the quality of food was pretty impressive, the service not so much. Our server was slow and not very attentive.- Bread basket: This is dangerous!  Too good to resist, and it's not a good idea to fill up with bread before main items.- Half and half: Cottage fries and fried onions. It was a bomb!- Nova Scotia Lobster BLT Sandwich: Crispy bacon, baby arugula, oven dried tomatoes and Goddess dressing. The lobster meat was plenty and ingredients hit a nice chord.- Wasabi and Panko Crusted Ahi Tuna Steak: Sesame cucumber salad and soy dressing. Good try, but fell short of my Japanese-oriented taste bud.I see a lot of potential in this place, we will come back for the steak next time.
5	My husband and I read Yelp reviews from multiple restaurants and was intrigued by the food photos and reviews from the Palms Restaurant.  Well let me be the one to confirm that they did not disappoint and if you think the pictures look good wait until you taste the food!  I had the crabcake entree which was awesome! All lump no bread in crabcakes.  The Atlantic salmon was not as flavorful for my taste but quantity was sizeable.  And the best part-the three cheese au gratin potatoes and creamed spinach.....um um um...forget about it!!!!!! Delicious!  Best i have had thus far!!!!
2	I would NOT come back here. Service was great, the food was sub-par. We got a calamari to share, which was good. The salad was also good. My dad and I both ordered the burger with fries and the bun and fries were burnt on both dishes. I asked for my burger medium well and it was WAY past well done. Bun and fries had that charred taste.For $70+ total, I expect a meal that, at the least, isn't overcooked and burned. I will add pictures soon.
2	Pretty over priced for what you get.  They're getting 2 stars strictly by comparison.  There are just too many better restaurants to eat at around here to justify wasting a meal in Vegas here.  The service was ok. Took way too long to get drinks but food came at a reasonable pace.
5	I can't remember the first day I tried this restaurant a couple years ago. I hadn't realized there is also a location in Los Angeles (as many restaurants on the Las Vegas Strip) but to this day it is still the best place in the West Coast to get a shrimp cocktail and a 2 lb lobster.  I never get anything else.  I try to go at least once a year.  I have never found seafood this fresh in San Francisco Bay Area.  This reminds me of old school Los Angeles and the service is always top notch.
4	Was in town for the Justin Timberlake concert. My girl friends and I  tried eating at another popular place close by, but the wait was 30 minutes and we didn't want to wait.We made our way thru Cesar's Palace and we didn't want any kind of Italian/pasta food. So, Yelp led us to Palms.The inside seemed so dark, so we opted to sit out on the patio. Much more brighter and more easier to "people watch."We were immediately given some water and the breadbasket. Which, by the way had such great tasting bread! We finished the whole thing!  The bread was soo soft and fluffy.The lunch menu had a great deal, which was the 3 Course Power Lunch meal, but I didn't want to be too stuffed and not fit into my clothes for the evening. Haha!I opted for the Bozzi Burger (medium well) which had aged gouda, smokey barbecue sauce and crispy fried onions. YUM!We also got a bottle of prosecco for the table. It was a mix of the 2 menus I was holding and the waiter not grabbing them at the right moment, but we bath managed to make my friend's glass fall and break on the floor! I was definitely not drunk! But, after he and several waiters cleaned up the mess, he graciously gave me another "heavy" poured glass and the issue was forgotten. They did said that spilled champagne was good luck! And who doesn't need good luck in Vegas, right?!?! =) As for my burger. OMG. Probably one of the best burgers I've ever had. The patty was cooked perfect and was very juicy. Every time I took a bite, juice was coming out of the burger! I loved the combination of (tangy and sweet) bbq sauce and crispy fried onions. All the staff members were beyond friendly, we managed to chit chat with at least 3 in our area. The service was perfect.
