5	Great discounted burning man shopping and beyond. She's a sweetheart and this a legit small business worthy to support!!!
4	Sexy handmade things! Lady was South American and very nice! She has wide selections and most outfits fit well on every body type! If I ever go out this way again! I would probably shop here! Thanks for the hot red bikini!
1	I'm upset that I have to give this business even 1 star. My bf and I had gone to eat arepas and seeing that this was the first time we ever saw this store open, decided to stop in. At first, the owner/mgr lady was great... friendly and helpful. Then, when I decided to make a purchase (of an item I'm sure I could find much cheaper online), things went south. I purchased a yelp deal of 50 for 75 and the owner refused to honor it. She kept saying that yelp did not have a connection with her bank account and that yelp doesn't charge me- that my credit card information is only taken so that a redemption code is provided to me so I can receive the deal. Mind you, I've purchased yelp deals before and my card has MOST DEFINITELY been charged. I called my credit card company and had them verbally tell her that it was a purchase I already made and that my card was being charged by yelp. However, because the charge was in a pending status she still kept arguing that I was not being charged and that she would give me the 50 for 75 deal but I would have to pay the 50 to her, when I had already paid it to Yelp.Also, throughout the whole time she kept pushing that I had to write a review to get any deal. Needless to say, I will not be purchasing anything from this business now or ever again and have already contacted yelp about her refusal to honor the deal and getting my money back. I will give her one thing though, she got her review.
5	After driving by this exotic cool store my wife and I decided to check it out.   The beautiful sexy owner was very friendly and had my wife try on some fantastic lingerie nities and we purchased a set and some high heel shoes as well.  We got a great 20% off discount and paid by credit card.   Great to see a successful small women owned store these days.   Yes we could of ordered on the net and maybe saved a dollar or two .... but then I would not have seen the sexy owner from Columbia!   Must see.... Must Go!   When in Vegas!
1	I was really excited to check this place out with two of my girlfriends since I needed some pieces to create a costume for an upcoming rave. However, the customer service was incredibly disappointing to say the least.First off, the woman who was sitting at the cash register area didn't welcome us or ask us at any point if we were looking for anything specific. In fact, we were the ones who said "Hello, how are you" to her. She seemed pretty annoyed to have us in there, but I was determined to find a top to match some bottoms. I had two pieces in my hand that I was actually interested in purchasing and all of a sudden she was interested in how old we were. With the exception of one girl, two of us were over 21 and the girl who wasn't was over 18. We didn't see any sign that said "21 or Over" the entire time we were in there and the woman claimed one of my girlfriends couldn't be in there because of the sex toys. She was incredibly rude about it and we just looked at her dumbfounded that she hadn't said something earlier if it was such a big deal. Sex toys and lingerie in Vegas? What's new?  Definitely never going back to this store. I was so pissed that I didn't even bother purchasing anything. Ladies, save yourself some time and money and go somewhere else.
