5	I visited Pro Nails last weekend because my boyfriend proposed to me in Vegas and I had to get my nails done before coming back home! I was looking for a reasonably priced nail salon, so I knew I had to go off the strip. I got a fill in for my acrylic nails and a french manicure for only $20. For a reasonably priced nail shop in a touristy town, this really is as good as it gets. I would definitely recommend this salon.
4	This place was a great find. My assistant and I wanted to escape out of the office and get our nails done....we got deluxe pedi's for 35$ each and gel mani's for 25$ each. The staff was super friendly and took their time on our services. Also the place is clean even though the shopping center is a little sketchy!
5	I have visited Las Vegas before and I have had other alleged "Deluxe" treatments  before BUT NONE of the other places could even come close to how AWESOME Pro Nails & Skincare is.Phillip took outstanding  care of me. He did both my nails and toes--they came out so beautifully!!! The "Deluxe" treatment for ONLY $35 includes not only salt scrub, hot lotion, Parafin treatment  AND HOT stones foot & leg massage. UNBELIEVABLE!!! The atmosphere is completely professional and the music  in the background was relaxing without being overwhelming. The eyebrow waxing for only $8 (plus tip) was quick and just the way I like it!!!I will most certainly return !!!!Each person is different so GO and judge for yourself!!!!As with ALL things in Life--YOUR experience will be YOURS.I CERTAINLY BELIEVE it is worth trying it for YOUR Self.The price is right and the people are Lovely, the ambience Refreshing.
5	100% happy with Philips work. Im returning. Beautiful decor. Plenty of private rooms. Lovely sound of the zen fountain relaxation music. I luv it here. Check em out.
5	Finally!!!! Been living in Vegas a year now and finally found a good, legit, fair nail salon! My mom has been going here a while so I finally ( after quite a few other horrible salons ) went to try them out. Love this place! The inside is beautiful! Very quiet, zen and cool. Sat right down, prices were talked about before we started, rather then being shocked at the end. I was brought out a cold water. They hung my purse up so it wasn't on the floor. I was able to talk with my nail person and have a good conversation I could understand. Will took his time, even when more people came in. My biggest pet peeve is being rushed when I'm paying for a service. He wasn't pushy with trying to sell me other services. My experience was great. I'm super annoying when it comes to my nail care, but he did amazing, from start to finish. They also offer a loyalty card. I think it's obvious, I'll be back for sure!!!
3	Okk my last Gel Polish on my nails were done by one of the wives there, can't remember her name. She is unpersonable & did a horrible job on my Gel Polish. I didn't notice until I got home what an awful job she had done. Looking at the sides of all my nails you could see thru them, no Polish was applied. Day 5 nail polish started lifting. You would have thought I got my nails done @ Walmart. I don't have time for this. My daughter went to get her gel mani (her own nails) done ended up with the same lady came home with the same results. I've posted before on the positive i dont think im gonna let 1 person ruin me returning.
1	Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa I am SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO sad!!!!!!!!!!! Basically, this review is going to be the total opposite of my first.  My service here this second time was horrible!!!! It took me 30 min just to find a parking spot outside (not their fault, i know) my eyebrows were first and she was done with them within 3 min., no shaping or trimming.  I have long nails, they are my own, not acrylic.  So I wanted to gel mani, the lady who did them was sooooooo lazy!!!!!!!!!! She didnt want to wait for the remover to take off the gel so used the electric file thing, which is fine on acrylic, not on real nails, hurt like hell and my fingers were sore and brittle.  The gel looked like crap!!!!!!!!!!!! You could see through the polish, I dont even know how to explain it.  I am soooooo upset, I had such a great first time. Ugh i wont be returning :(
2	I've decided after the last FAIL on my GEL NAILS that peeled. I will not be returning because since my last review I have not gotten a response from the salon.
1	Yes the door says "Eyelash Extensions"  but if you are even thinking about it, RUN in the other direction and do not torture your eyes.    I'll admit it was new years eve and i was driving by and happen to see the sign and had not had time to go to my regular place.  I prefer the 3 lash "flares" versus the individual lash extensions because they are easier, less expensive, faster and not as delicate as the singles.  Usually 10-15 little flares, with a little dot of glue is perfect for a glam look without spending 2 hours in the chair and $200.  $35-45 is the going rate, 30-40 minutes for application for flares.Normally since there are only a few glue dots versus almost every lash having glue, they are more comfortable.   the price and time was correct, but the application was HORRIBLE.  I'm not even sure how to explain it. The result was like taking 4 lash STRIPS, gluing them together with rubber cement and then gluing them to your skin at the lash line.  Tiffany did put flares on me, but she put so many,  and used so much glue,  and glued each piece to each other and to my skin it was so painful.  They were thick and horrible and un-natural looking and did not even cover the length of my eyelid. There were so many lashes and so much glue that I could see them like I was wearing a black visor pulled down over my eyes.  The way they were glued to my lash line skin was pulling my eyelid up so I could see the inner rim of my eye in the mirror.  I could not even close my eyes the entire way, so when I showered, water was getting in my eyes because they would not close because the glue was pulling my eyelid up.  The glue was THICK and HARD and went from my lash line more than half way down the lashes and like a 1/4" thick.  In the inner corner of my eye, one of my natural lashes was pulled and caught into the glue so hard, it was hurting.  I finally had to pick at the glue on my skin to release it and it bled.  I managed to drink enough alcohol that night to withstand the discomfort.   New years day they were closed, so I went back the next day to see if they could be removed.It took 30 minutes for her to spackle them on, and 2 hours to take them off.  There was so much glue, even her solvent would not release them.  I was terrified as she was picking an scratching at my eyes and lids with sharp objects trying to release them.  I heard scissors clipping also, but did not care.  After 2 hours of soaking and picking and pulling I was finally free.   The release from the pain, and fear of her poking my eyeball or burning it with solvent, finally let go and I bawled like a baby.  It wasn't till then that she said "sorry" .  Of course when I looked in the mirror 70% of my natural eye lashes are gone, pulled out or cut off.  the rims of my eyes were red and swollen from the torture of 3 days.  These practices are improper and dangerous, and if I knew how to report this place I would.  For an impulse moment of stopping in, I could have lost my eyesight as this girl could have seriously damaged my eyeballs.  I love the glam look of fluttery eyelashes, but its not worth this kind of pain and suffering.  I caution anyone visiting this salon as with this level of un-professionalism and lack of skill, you are putting yourself in danger visiting here.  Like I said RUN in the opposite direction and never set foot in here if you value your health and safety.
