1	Do not bring your car here. My car broke down on a Sunday. I knew this place was open. We got my car started and took it there. We asked alot of questions before agreeing for the work to be done. The first question we asked was do you back up your work. The person at the desk stated they do. They said they would check the car out and call me with what is wrong. They called after about an hour, it was the crank shaft censor. They suggested a fuel injection cleaning. The total would be 661.00. I went back up there to ask more questions, I agreed to the work as they again stated it would be backed up if there was a problem. They told me it would take a couple of hours. If they could not complete the work that day they would call me. first bad sign no call. Monday after I still had not heard anything by lunch I called, the work was not yet completed, they will call me. No call all afternoon. Called after work, no it is not completed, they will call me tomorrow. at lunchtime the next day still no call, I call, I was told in a few hours it will be ready. ok, I call before I leave work, again still not ready, call back at 5:30. I call again still not ready come in a a half hour. I go in to get my car, guess what still not ready. We wait half hour and they are still working on it. I go home without my car. The next day I had to keep calling to see when it was done. It was finally done as I was leaving work. I knew as soon as I started the car something was wrong, it was loud, it drove rough, and it just was not my car. My heater was making a terrible noise. The next day I call and report the problems, I tell them I am bringing it back. They take down my report on what is wrong tell me they will check it out. They will call me tomorrow. For once they called me, they said they do not hear the loud noise, nor did the detect the rough driving. They said the heater noise was pine needles in the heater and it would cost 90.00 to remove them. Really,not paying you more money. I picked up my car, and they shined me on, we do not hear loud noises, it drove fine. No it was not. the next day now I have squealing noises, and the car was bucking. I knew I had to find someone else to help me. I took it to the dealer the next day. Well good year did not reconnect the motor mounts, nor did they tighten up the idle bucket. The idle bucket was now broken. The heater noise again the pine needles. I asked them to please fix all the problems that good year created and if they could give me a statement. Price 269.00. I got my car back in two days, and it is running great. And no charge for the pine needle removal. Stay away from good year. they do not back up their work. No stars, I wish there was a negative star choice. Never have I been treated so badly, because I am female I do not know about cars. I know my own car and I know how it sounds and how it drives. I keep on my maintenance. . i filed a dispute with the CC company. Takes 60 days. In the meantime the manager of the GY left me a voice mail, telling me he was sorry, and they want to make things right. To call him. I called him the next day. I said hi returinng your call, his reply to me was "AND". Well you called me and left me a voice mail stating you want to make things right, then I call and you have an attitude.Needless to say they did not make things right. Still proceeding with the dispute. Stay away from here for your car's own good.
5	My car was on its last leg.  It needed an oil pan, a radiator, a new battery and two new tires.  Nissan wanted enough money to buy another car.  I took it to Bruce Scher's Goodyear and talked with Mr. Bennie Pacheco.  It was great!  My car was repaired for a lot less.  I recommend Bruce Scher's Goodyear to all of my friends who need car repair.
3	I brought my car here twice within a week. First I got the groupon and got my tires rotated and balanced and they did an oil change- It was a great deal so I asked about an alignment but decided not to get it done that day. I was running late to another appointment and got in my car and found out that they had put the window down. My regulator is on the fritz so if you roll it all of the way down it will not come back up. I was very angry at this point because it is January and cold and I had my 4 year old with me and it takes me a bit of time to pull it up and I didn't have the time since I was late. Why would they roll the window down in the winter? Why didn't they tell me they couldn't get the window up? Now my car is pulling to the left. I bet if I had never asked about an alignment my car would not be pulling to the left. I was so irritated but I needed the alignment done anyway so I brought it back today and got that done and specifically told them not to touch my window (which they didn't). My car is now in perfect alignment. They were very nice but I get the feeling that they banged on something on purpose for me to get that alignment which I had questioned him about.
5	Arrived @ 740am, and was the first customer there, walked in and was greeted by Robert, and told him what I needed, as far as the mile maintenance, computer balance and alignment, front brakes, new rotors and a new batterey, he then quoted price that could not be beat. Signed the paper, key taken and car tooken directly to the shop to be worked on bout  800am. Saw the mechanic who took my car and he looked like he fixed a few cars in his life, young guy too, and that he takes pride to do his best in working the car. The mechanic took a couple of hours but I expected that, he even apologized for how long it took but I said, no worries lol finally he finished around 1130am. There was no need to rush the mechanic, especially where  his job is to  fix your car and make it safe to travel. Overall, car is driving brand new with a new heart and their service was on point. I would recommend this shop for any car fixes.
4	As an update- This is the only place that I bring my car to for oil changes now. You just do not understand how difficult it is to find a shop that has volvo filters. Most shops have to order them and the dealership is out of the question since they are pretty darn expensive. I don't have much of anything else done but the oil change but they are quick and the waiting area is clean and they have a tv which is usually playing movies and you can walk to several nearby stores and restaurants to pass the time.
3	I chose this place because its close to home and very convenient.  The store is clean and the attendants are polite.  My only grip is that the service is slow.  I was the only car they were working on at the time (oil change and filter change) and it took over an hour.  I asked the guy at the counter what the hold up was and I was informed that they were waiting for my filter to arrive from another store.  Geesh.  I was irritated because before they started the work I asked how long it would take and if it was going to be a while I would just come back.  I was told it would be quick and it wasnt.  I did receive a coupon for half off my next oil change for my inconvenience.  THANK YOU for being thoughtful.  I will return again; however If the service is still slow my second visit may be my last.
5	Great no nonsense customer service and reasonable rates.
