2	Didn't see too much in particular that I loved about this place. It is very small, and is truly a "grab and go" kind of place amongst the shops in Uptown. Considering all of the other coffee shops in the area you can find, I would probably skip here and go somewhere else.
3	Since I started working in the area about 4 weeks ago, I run over to Jackson's Java about 3 times a week around 2:00 or 3:00 PM for an afternoon fix to get me through the work day.  It is a nice alternative to the typical Starbucks with a large selection of bagels, muffins, scones & biscotti.  The menu includes hot cocoa, warm milk & tea as well as a smoothie selection.  Within the shop itself, it is not the kind of place you bring your laptop or book and stay a while. However it is in the Wachovia building which offers several different seating areas & several tables for lounging.
4	Working in uptown you have several options for coffee and they are all big name franchises. Starbucks, Caribou, Einstein and Dunkin. While I do love most of these other coffee places, Jackson's is completely different! They offer baked goods and pastries but what I go there for is the coffee. They have different specialty blends every day and their coffee is always flavorful and rich. They are located in one of the Wells Fargo (formerly Wachovia) buildings on the way to the green if you're cutting through over street. If you have to go to the convention center for a meeting or seminar this is the best place to stop and pick up a cup of Joe. Jackson's only has one other location and that's in the University area near UNCC. Like Angel mentioned they do have plenty of seating in the hall. Because more people are addicts of the stabucks and caribou if you need sugar and cream in your coffee you aren't as pressured from people behind you to get away from the coffee bar.
3	Very functional spot is what I would call this place.  Located in Wells Fargo 3 on the way out to the Green or Aquavina. They have a couple coffee varieties every day as well as muffins (YUM lemon poppyseed!!!) and store bought bagels.  The prices are cheap and the service is friendly and quick.  There are a few tables to chat or you can chat in the wide hall outside.  They sell cereal too!!!  How fun!
3	While sitting outsite this location (Wells Fargo Bld 3) It came across my mind that I could write a review about my 1st, 2nd to last vistit, and my last visit. While searching YELP to see if it has reviews.. I notice IT DIDN'T under the name on its sign. ---JACKSON'S JAVA COFFEE HOUSE---Well I came back to the office to see if i could pull it up on my CPU instead of PHONE. Well low and behold. Here's some reviews.. for JACKSON'S JAVA. (hmmmm wonder if they are the same, or some ez Close-to name knock off. (if you ever seen Coming To American... McDowells vs McDonalds)... anywayWell, I work around the area and desided to come by a few months ago. 1st trip... new "rookie"2nd to last trip.... (about 2 weeks ago).. I ordered, Waited, Watched (ppl come in with some sort of VIP card)  and Wondered (** are you keeping count.. thats 3 Ws**) what all they fuss about this card this guy and the next lady had. Welll, I didn't ask. (I don't come often enough to really care) but thought it was some secret coffee society type thing.*** My last vist (as in the last time I went, NOT the last time I'll go) I stopped in for some Chi Tea.... pretty good. The service is always "friendly", quick, and the to point. Prices are good.Its a little tight when crowded.Go Enjoy(Ask about the card thingy-majig if you dare.... ekk ekkk ekkkkkkkkk!!!!!!)
3	ok ok ok.... (I am a "give'm a couple tries 1st kinda guy) so, I made my way over to grab some kinda of warm pick-me up during this soggy, melancholy, grey day. No lines, I ordered a Chai tea something.I asked the guy behind the counter, "Whats up with a secret card society "S.E.S".. The guy laughed his butt off. I said i've been here a few times and noticed a few people using them. Asked him is it some type of "Fight Club" thing? What do i have to do to get one.He was clutching his stomach at that point.Anyway, he gave me one. (still don't know what it does) and rang me up. I left with a "customer card" (see picture), cup of Jo, and still unsure what I asked for in this card. I guess i'll tape up my hands, do push ups and wait to see. lolgo enjoy!!
5	Very delicious coffee and very friendly service. I had the red eye (coffee with an espresso shot) with the dark exotica blend.
1	From the burned up bagels to the Stepford Wives, glazed over look of the staff, I will no longer be degrading myself by going to Jackson's Java. Today was the last straw. After paying for my muffin (with nobody else in line mind you) the staff began to chit chat, all the while I just stood there with my hands folded and no muffin. By the time someone uttered "What's he waiting on" I had already began my exit. Fair food, fair coffee, horrible customer service, I would recommend seeking out the nearest Starbucks and avoid Jackson's Java like the plague.
4	Located next to the lobby area of Well Fargo 3, this little coffee shop is fantastic. They always seem to have unique roasts from the world's most popular coffee regions. I'm not sure who does the roasting or where they buy their beans but it is easily better than Caribou and Starbucks.I have only had two of the pastry offerings and they were also worth the money as a breakfast. It is kind of tucked away but if you are on that side of Uptown, consider trying to find it. You won't be disapointed.
3	Jackson's Java is hidden in the lobby of Wells Fargo 3. It is a deviation from your typical Starbucks/Dean & Deluca but it doesn't have a local coffee shop feel either. The bagels and pastries are all decent store bought items. They offer a wide variety of espresso drinks and teas. The reason for the middle of the road star rating is the inconsistency. Sometimes my drink tastes great and other times its on the border of undrinkable. I don't understand it, but it is consistently inconsistent. They have a hard time handling the rush too and tend to get behind/have to triple ask orders.
4	They are undergoing a change to their rewards program, be VERY careful that they moved your rewards over, I am missing a LOT of drinks. The selections of coffee is good, like that they have almond milk and a variety of sugar free syrups. They will also sell whole bottles of syrup, which I really appreciate!Baked goods are usually fresh and I like that you can get plain oatmeal or jazz it up with certain toppings. Staff seems to turn over quickly, which I dislike, but they are typically friendly hipsters who take pride in making a great drink.
