3	Providence Farms Produce is on Providence Road at Ballantyne Commons Parkway, in the parking lot of the Shell gas station on the northwest corner.  This place is small, but has your regular fruit and veggie staples.  This is a great little place to visit for locally grown produce if you don't want to make the trek to the big farmers market out by the airport.  You will find tomatoes (South Carolina grown, and they are delicious!), eggplant, squash, zucchini, potatoes, melons, berries, apples, limes, lemons, peppers. Prices are better than your grocery store, and the quality is great. Tips:- Parking is OK, but can get tight at times with convenience store patrons.- This location is seasonal, so don't count on it during the winter.- The easiest way to enter is by driving south on Providence Road and turning right into the gas station.  - If you are driving east on Ballantyne Commons Parkway, your best bet is to make a U-turn at the Providence Road traffic light, then immediately turn into the gas station parking lot on the right.  If you were to turn left onto Providence Road, you'd have to make an immediate left across two lanes of southbound Providence traffic (not smart), plus the turn lane (really not smart).  - If you play the lottery, you can grab tickets while you're here.
4	This place is really small, but has most of the basic farmer's market fruits and veggies that you expect, fresh and locally grown. The best thing here is the prices. For example, I got gigantic red bell peppers for 99 cents each. Compare this to the 2.50 charged nearby at Harris Teeter for red bells that are smaller and less fresh. This is the kind of place that I wish there were more of around Charlotte. It is well worth making a stop here when you are in the area.
4	I like to support local entreprenuers and the Providence Produce stand is owned & operated by a Charlottean who started out as a kid selling locally grown veggies door-to-door in his neighborhood and then from a little stand.   He has taken his orginial idea and scaled it to a business that includes a warehouse in Matthews as well as stands in south Charlotte, Indian Trial, and Stallings.  (They also operate a wholesale business supplying local produce to restaurants.) They offer a good selection of fruits & veggies, most sourced from the Carolinas and Georgia.  Also, they have started a partnership with a local landscaping company to grow fresh veggies on a farm in south Charlotte and bringing them directly to sell from the stand. Most of the time, they have excellent quality (a few times I've seen the produce not looking as stellar, but that happens at the grocery store too).  In addition to the typical fruits & veggies you see displayed out front, they also have a refrigerator in the back and you can buy lettuce and other items that need to be kept cold. Other items they sell includes local honey, various jellies & preserves, peanuts, and salsa.I am very  happy with the prices.  Since they have much lower overhead than a typical store, they can pass on the savings to the consumer while still making enough of a profit to sustain the business. Of course, the downside is that the stand is open only during late spring through late summer/early fall.  I must  admit  that I still really prefer the "true farmer's market experience"  - where the actual growers come out and directly sell to the consumer... but since I am not really a morning person, by the time I get out to the big farmer's markets, most of the good stuff has been picked over and the farmers are ready to pack up and head home. So, the produce stand offers the next best thing but with better hours -- they are open 'til 6 or 7 pm (and on Sundays too!)  So, I don't have to get out of bed and rush out at 7 AM on a Saturday morning to make it to the Matthews Regional Farmers Market! : -) Oh, and to make life even easier, the Produce Stand also is equipped so that you can use your debit card, so you don't have to stop to find an ATM on your way!
3	After stopping at the Providence Farms Produce in Indian Trail/Matthews with mom, I could not wait to get over the the Providence Rd location which is less than a mile from home.  The blackberries, corn and zucchini that I purchased in Indian Trail were AMAZING, I ate almost 1/2 of the blackerries in one day.  Alas, upon going to the Providence Rd location the very next day, the blackberries from there were chemically tasting and bitter, even after washing them a few times, and the zucchini were much smaller.  I am sure the items all come from the same farms/locations, but the difference in quality in location and 24 hours was amazing and disappointing.  I made several visits for their delicious corn, which was tender and sweet with huge kernels.  The last two times I went, the corn was a lil pitiful, so I guess we are coming to the end of the season.  The heads of cabbage were HUGE though, they looked like green basketballs.  I appreciate the local produce and the great pricing - it's a great place to stop for many of your produce needs and very reasonable prices.  The employees at both locations were extremely friendly and helpful.
5	Big fan of this place. Its close to my den of iniquity, and the prices are awesome. Everything I have purchased thus far has been super neato! The staff is super friendly and helpful.One minor complaint though. I find it very difficult, if not impossible to do my produce shopping in a timely manner with the lovely ladies who work there constantly fawning over me. Just the other day when I asked one of them if they had any baby bellas in the fridge, she swooned. Naturally I scooped her up in one of my insanely muscly arms. I dropped my cantaloupe though and upon bringing it home, to my horror I saw it was bruised. I realize it may not seem like a big deal to you guys, but with this curse of super human beauty I have to live with everyday....my life is very trying to say the least.If you need produce go here, I promise you won't be disappointed!!
