4	Last night after bad experience at The Office restaurant I walked next door to Sweet Tomatoes. I have never been there before so I thought it would be worth a try. The salad bar was more extensive than Souper Salad so I liked that a lot. I also had some pasta, vegetable soup, and frozen yogurt. First of all I loved the frozen yogurt! I know I'm weird but I definitely prefer frozen yogurt to ice cream, especially soft serve frozen yogurt! The pasta and soup were OK but I have to say they were lacking some flavor. Also I tried a bite of a brownie that tasted like fluff with a hint of chocolate...weird. I preferred the atmosphere, staff, and choices at the salad bar to my usual salad bar Souper Salad. Some of there food definitely could use a little seasoning, but all and all nothing a little salt didn't fix.
3	This is the only  ST I've ever been to that had Jasmine Rice available for your buffet consumption!  White Rice? OMFGWTFBBQ ORGASM!  Other than that, it's a ST; Typical over-priced salad bar bullshit.
3	A good option if you're looking to go healthier than the usual mall food.  Basically, a super salad bar with a nice selection of soups.  My favorite is the chilli.Stay away from the pasta bar though.  The mac & cheese wasn't as good as the stuff in the blue box.
4	This place ROCKS!! If you are ever in the mood for a healthy dosage of vegetables....this is the place!!The salad bar is pretty generous and you just fee l so good after all those vegetables!!....OH but wait there is also the soup area and lets not forget the desert bar!!! who doesnt like a good soft-cone!!????The Desert Ridge location is pretty new and very clean. The employees do such a good job replenishing the buffet and keeping things looking fresh!
4	I went here expecting another Sweet Tomatoes in the 'usual' layout that I'm familiar with all the other Sweet Tomatoes I've been to in the Valley. What surprised me was the completely different layout and atmosphere of the place. There was the industrial/warehouse/loft vibe to the place that I really enjoyed. There was the usual two-sided salad bar when you walked in. But once you paid you entered a large dining room with high metal ceilings and lots of wood. High backed booths along the walls gave a sense of privacy while you ate. The beverage, soup, and dessert bars were all parallel with each other in a corner of the dining room and the bread and pasta bars were perpendicular to those. Very airy and open dining area. The food was good as always. Love Mondays because it's Cream of Mushroom soup night.....that's the reason I went. Love their Cream of Mushroom soup.(What can I say?) Also had a Pork Posole that was pretty darn impressive. This month (April '09) they are highlighting lemon-flavored items. Had a pretty tasty summer lemon salad and some lemon muffins (better than they sound.) And their frozen yogurt is always a treat to top off the meal. If you're hungry....and not quite sure what you want....check out Sweet Tomatoes. They have plenty of options available and you should find something to interest your taste buds. And one more thing. They are touting some new 'green' initiatives such as using recycled paper napkins, newer lighting, and going with 'tankless' hot water heaters....all in the name of the environment. Anytime a business at least makes an effort to help the environment I'm impressed.
5	Love this Sweet Tomatoes location and layout.  My kids are picky eatters and love this place!  The staff seems to be quicker at picking up empty plates at this location compared to other locations.  Food always tastes fresh.  Sign up for their e-mails for great coupons.
5	I have a thing with vegetables, I love them so much! I go crazy here walking down the salad bar line because I love everything. I usually get too much and wind up hurting, but everything is so fresh and tasty it's hard not to.The soup selection is always top notch as well. Its hard to pass up all the great flavors! I took my non-veggie loving boyfriend here and he liked the pizza bread and the mac and cheese! Whatever your preference,  just remember to wear loose fitting pants when you go!
3	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =Now here's a screwball Sweet Tomatoes for you!  This thing looks like some odd metal farm building on the outside, & then when you step in, it's like a big food processing plant or something, with stainless steel all around, & a 2-story high open-beam ceiling with small windows way up at the top... very strange!  They had some interesting goodies on the salad table today, including Curried Wheat Berries & couscous.  At the booth, my friendly server brought me some hot-from-the-oven chocolate chip cookies, & said that it would be ok to take them home if I wanted to.  With the aroma wafting off of them, though, it wasn't long before they were gobbled up, right in the middle of the meal!This place is the opposite of the one on Ray Rd., if you go by the windows (they're huge & low down there), & the opposite of the one on Southern as far as getting to the food, & around the place without bumping into the other customes.  This one is open & roomy.I didn't care much for today's soup flavors, so it gets marked down a little.  Otherwise, it was fun, & YES they have delivery!Daily Lunch & Dinner Buffet:  $8.99/$8.09 Sr. (Rev. 11/26/13)
4	I have learned that the best time to visit Sweet Tomatoes is in the late afternoon after the morning and lunch rush. So much more peaceful and easier to get to the grub. That being said, I do like going to Sweet Tomatoe from to time. They have tons of soups and salads to choose from along with fresh focaccia, yummy cornbread, muffins, pastas, and depending on the which month, a certain theme and with this April being the theme was all about Lemons. Oh and don't forget about the dessert. YUM!  It is a seems a little pricey to me for a mostly salad buffet but its a cool place to go for a quick, fulfilling meal from time to time.
3	The variety of food wasn't the best... but you still go in hungry and leave stuffed!  Towards the end of our meal we were offered freshly baked chocolate chip cookies :).  I'm a salad fan so I'm sure I'll be mozying back here at some point.
3	One of my fav places. Affordable, consistently good quality salads, soups and such. It's not gourmet, or all organic etc but a reliable place for a vegetarian when you're in the mood to pig out with a big buffet.
4	I am a junkie.  There.  I said it.In all the years I have eaten here, I have never seen even a remotely unfresh piece of produce.  Ever.I'm big on the takeout salad.  The tray looks small, but when its filled, its a humongous salad.The only reason they don't get a five, is that I'd like to see a little free protein on the buffet.It's a great place to go when you're hungry, but want to eat healthy.Oh, speaking of a little unhealthy the asiago foccaccia ROCKS.
1	Salad and potato bar for the masses.  Good grief, pay a couple dollars   more for something good.  The mac and cheese looked like it came from a Kraft box.  There is no way I would go back.  Made for big people who want to think they are eating healthy.
4	We've patronized this chain since living in the mainland and it is one of our favorite buffets.  Since we were visiting Arizona we thought stopping in and having some fresh salads, hot soups, freshly baked muffins and foccacia bread, with a little of pasta, baked potatoes and yams would be great way to celebrate the end of a nice visit to the desert.  :)  This particular establishment is new and has taken on more of a industrial decor than the other Sweet Tomatoes we've been to.  Never the less it is still a fabulous place to go for a whole lot of variety.  My personal favorite is the soft serve yogurt machine!  Add your own toppings of nuts, cookie chunks, maraschino cherries, and chocolate or caramel.  It's delicious and the sweet ending to a yummy meal.The manager, Tammy O'Guinn is terrific.  She is pleasant (as is her team), she keeps a clean restaurant, and she is willing to go above and beyond to satisfy the customers.  You can often see her milling about the tables asking patrons whether they are enjoying their food, etc.  This is a great Sweet Tomatoes and we'll be visiting them again the next time we get over to Phoenix!
4	As Sweet Tomato's go, this one is like all of the rest with one exception.  The food is great like all of the other Sweet Tomato's.  The food is fresh like all of the other Sweet Tomato's.  The food is healthy like all of the other Sweet Tomato's.  But this Sweet Tomato's is SPECIAL because they have GREAT SERVICE!I've been there several times when it was packed to the gills and the staff never lost a step.  They kept the food coming and they looked genuinely happy that you were there.  They always treat us like we are the only people in the whole place.
4	Well what else can you say about sweet tomatoes.....good food.....good service....clean establishment.....affordable prices.....especially for big families.....and they have added some great new items to their menu. So get on over there an enjoy healthy food at a not so healthy price....if you know what I mean....LOL. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	Our favorite family place to go out to dinner! The people are so kind, even making my son a special "face" dessert! Feel good about eating out!
4	Love this place! Healthy, clean and great service! I Know you service yourself but every time; they clear the old plates quick and offer to fill our drinks. Every time I use a coupon I get another for 2 adults and 2 drinks for 16.99. Not a bad deal!!
4	Sweet tomatoes is a great place to go for a salad buffet with a large selection of salads, fixings, hot and cold items, and desserts.  The selection, quality, and freshness of the food was very good, especially for the price.  While it is somewhat similar to Souper Salad nearby, it has a much broader selection and seems to have slightly fresher ingredients.  Sweet Tomatoes also costs a little more that Souper Salad, but it's worth the extra couple of dollars.
4	A very nice Sweet Tomatoes location.  The salad bar was clean and well stocked.  Hot soups and breads were tasty and the variety was pretty good.   Although in general I will admit I am a Souper-Salad fan, this location works for me when I am in Scottsdale.  Worth a visit here folks!
4	Nice, clean & more modern looking location here.  Food is pretty much the same as other locations, with parking being a challenge sometimes due to adjacent restaurants.  Buffet prices aren't bad, but the soda fee is a ripoff.
4	Been to Sweet Tomatoes before and love it.  First time to this location and I was not disappointed.  The selection was good, the place was clean and the staff was helpful and friendly.  All salad items were available and fresh. All you can eat salad, soup, bread, dessert and a soda was $12.  Not bad, especially if you are hungry.Very spacious with plenty of seating.
3	you got to love this place for the food and the price.....
5	Excellent selections, service and staff. Tammy the manager is wonderful so are the rest of her staff. The Cashiers, Oscar the table staff, etc. Every visit is a consistent experience. The Sunday Brunch is good as well. They have the best chili.
5	You cannot complain having a great salad in 90 degree plus weather. They have always have new selections of  seasonal salads and of course their house signature dishes. Even if you do not care for their pre made salad selections, you can always build your own right? Make sure you save yourself for dessert though, whether your preference is a fruit salad or frozen yogurt, you can't go wrong.
4	all-you-can-salad? YES!It's basically a place where you can gorge on veggies all day. They also include soups, breads & desserts & soda for around $12 a person. The location is set up like Soup Plantation if you've ever heard of that before.There are some pre-made salads as you walk through a cafeteria style set-up and then immediately have romaine, iceberg, spring mix selections to choose from.. with toppings like bacon bits, eggs, cucumbers, cheese, pasta,  etc.The only complaint I have is they charge an extra $2.95 for ''premium'' toppings like tofu, croutons & chicken and you can only get it ONCE.. which is a major rip off and bummer. There's plenty of seating & parking since it's located in the Desert Ridge Marketplace. The ice cream and brownie muffin were a nice way to end a meal.
4	Have been going to Sweet Tomatoes for years, both at this location and the location on 75th Ave and Bell Road.   You can't go wrong at either place but this location has such a friendly, welcoming staff and the food is so fresh.  There is something for everyone at Sweet Tomatoes.   Huge salad bar with a variety of prepared salads and build your own.   Also, homemade soups and hot pastas.   Muffins, focaccia pizzas, sweet and baked potatoes, cornbread.    Puddings, jellos, fruits and frozen yogurt with various toppings for dessert.   They keep the salad bar spotless.   If so much as a crumb falls on the counter they are there quickly to remove it.  If you haven't already, give Sweet Tomatoes a chance.   Sign up for their "Club Veg" and they will send you weekly coupons via e-mail.   Also, they usually have coupons in the Sunday Arizona Republic.
5	Great restaurant!  Unlimited salad bar is amazing, and there is also unlimited soup, baked potatoes, breads, select pastas and desert all included. A great way to not blow your diet or wallet on a meal.
4	Good fresh salad bar with a nice selection of soups. Can get crowded and loud during peak times. Join the email list and get weekly discount coupons sent directly to your inbox every week.
4	Oink! Oink!  While it isn't the largest selection of items I've seen - the presentation is really nice.  They have smaller stations set apart for the salads, desserts, breads/muffins, soups, and drinks -- so you don't have the big line-up going on.  If you are a little piggy like me with multiple trips, this is efficient!The server/attendent was hilarious (didn't catch his name, bad Yelper...whack on my hand).  He made lots of jokes as he drove a big cart on wheels "Mexican driver coming thru", a second cart a few mins later "Another cart coming thru, same mexican driver".  Had the whole section in stitches!  Later, when speaking to him at my table, I found him to be a very pleasant and kind man...with a super positive attitude (I mean, who is this happy?).Located in the lovely and central Desert Ridge shopping center, the food is really kept fresh.  This location has a slightly different design than others; a warehouse open-style, with glass and framing inside, and very tall ceilings.  I like it!  Good, especially, if you are claustrophobic...as well as "starvin' like Marvin".
5	Wow this place is fabulous.  Everything is so fresh and tasty that you can enjoy a healthy and yummy meal without breaking the bank.  The salad bar is huge and they have a fresh soup bar where you can choose numerous varieties of homemade soups.  Great tasting desserts and frozen yogurt machine.  Best Strawberry Lemonade I have ever tasted.  You have to try this place you will not be disappointed.  They need to open locations in the Midwest.Also, I want to give a shout out to the server at the restaurant.  His name is Oscar and he is so wonderful and funny.  He made us all laugh and smile and Oscar is such a hard worker and everyone that visits this location has to say hello to Oscar because he is the nicest man ever!
4	Fresh salad, hot soups, cold ice cream...who can't be happy with all this? Plus, so much more. My husband and I come to Sweet Tomatoes but only after I've had a good workout, because I know I will want to try everything at this "healthy" buffet. Sure, you can eat healthy here, but you can also eat unhealthy and definitely overeat. I love their soups and everything is so fresh. And for a buffet, its a good price. Especially if you can get a coupon out of your local newspaper.
5	I love this spot for lunch.
3	Sweet Tomatoes is a healthy alternative for lunch or dinner. They offer a plethora of tasty salads, some are pre-made and others you fix yourself. They also offer a variety of soups that get changed out depending on the time of year. An added bonus is the pizza, pasta, baked potatoes and desserts which include a soft serve machine with all the toppings.Sweet Tomatoes has a vast selection of items but the taste is just average, many of the items are very bland that lack seasoning. If you are looking for an all you can eat restaurant that offers healthy options, this is the place for you.
4	Hold the bloat!  Control what you eat along with sweet treats to achieve a vibrant VEGAN meal.  Wish they provided vegan soups as well.  The salad bar is fresh and crisp... the price for seniors from Monday through Thursday is $6.95 between 2 and 5 PM, and that includes a drink..
4	This was the second time our families vacationed at the JW Marriott at the second time we all came o dinner here this time, we had a total of 26 people (12 adults 14 kids). I called that day to give them a heads up. We arrived at 5:15 and our table was all set up. The food was nice and fresh. The only thing was that they did not have clam chowder. Big :( otherwise everything was great. Service was good and empty plates were cleared out quickly.  Great place for casual meal
1	NASTY! Manager should be looking around at his dirty restaurant instead of making small talk with his employees. I've never been to a Sweet Tomatoes in such horrible condition. I hope we don't get sick from eating here tonight.Atmosphere was aweful too. Industrial looking and unfinished looking. What's with the big screen TVs at some tables running sweet tomato ads the whole time?I LOVE Sweet Tomatoes but I will be bookmarking this location as a Don't Ever Go There Again place!
4	Great place for seniors to go during the week before 6pm. They have a great promotion going in right now.  The salad bar was clean and the veggies were fresh. The folks there kept our table clean. How can you go wrong for $15 for two. BTW my favorite soup was the mushroom.
2	Ack. I don't know why my brain tells me every once in a while that this place is a good idea.  After spending nearly $30 on my husband, toddler and I, I get irritated that basically a soup and salad buffet is way too expensive.  Though they have a good variety of soups, and salads, I can't justify the price.  Other items that are available are slices of pizza, sweet potato and baked potatoes, 3 pasta selections hiding in the corner and appear to have been sitting there under the heat lamp for days.  They really need to either cook smaller portions or replenish them every so often instead of leaving it in there to crust up.  They also have muffins and a dessert bar.  Again, I don't know why out of all the selections in Desert Ridge made me chose this place. I'm pretty sure I told myself that I'd never eat here again the last time I was here. So I say it again....I will not eat here again.
4	This location is great.  The staff is always friendly, the food is fresh, and the place is clean every time we go.  We headed here last night and had another good experience. Instant food is always a plus when you just want to have dinner and go home without too much fuss. The cornbread is one of my favorite things, especially with the honey whip butter.  Get some chocolate lava cake and put a bit of vanilla soft serve on it - you won't regret it!Overall: AQuick and easy place to eat with fresh food.
5	I thought this Sweet Tomatoes was brand new when I walked it.  Very Clean and everyone was friendly and attentive.  The staff at this location are a class act!    The salad bar and it's topping were well maintained and fresh.  I especially liked their array of pasta salads.  The Tarragon and Tuna and the Asian Peanut were my favorites!  I am a soup lover and could spend my entire meal there alone.  I got a second ok a third helping of the Spicy Sausage with Pasta and beans.  Pizza was good as was the hot pasta selection.  I definitely plan on coming back here again and again...even though it's not the closest Sweet Tomatoes to me it is by far the best I've been to in the Valley...kudos!!!
4	The only downfall to Sweet Tomatoes in general is the price. It shouldn't cost me more than $20 for 2 plus drinks. At Sweet Tomatoes, it's at least $25. That's kind of annoying because....IT'S JUST SALAD! But--that having been said, the salad is fresh, the soups are flavorful, and the other hot food items are plentiful. The staff is friendly and polite. It's always a good visit but the sticker shock can be a little surprising because IT'S JUST A SALAD BAR.
1	I've eaten here 3 times.  3 times I've given one of these places a shot, but today is the last time.  If you're into bland, no spices whatsoever, no taste whatsoever, prepared food, lots of preservatives in your prepared food...mmmmm, this be the place!Everything here is horrible except for the salad and an occasional soup.  Never again.  I'd rather wait till I get home than eat at this dull place.
5	This is by far our favorite location in The Valley. It's not congested like other locations, I don't have to fight for standing room in front of the soda machine, I don't have to pump elbows with someone getting a drink while I'm trying to fatten up with ice cream. I don't have to wait for some unsupervised kid to get soup while spilling it all over the place. The soup is it's own little island so you can get it from both sides, the bowls are spaced out in front of the soup for easy access. It's laid out correctly and I wish the other ones would follow suite. The staff is always nice. I get to seat myself rather than have someone put me at a table I don't want. All around, we have no complaints about this location. Two Thumbs Up!
4	I'm really not a big fan of buffets, but my wife and son had a craving for salad and wanted to go to Sweet Tomatoes. So I guess I gave in. Anyways, I've been here quite few times and my family wanted something healthy tonight. There is so much to choose from at this place from the salad bar, soup bar with 8 different home-made soups, pasta bar, bakery, potato bar that includes both baked potatoes and sweet potatoes, and of course the desert bar. I really do think the salad bar is one of the best I've been too. So many choices. They have both lettuce and spinach with everything you can image to put on top of the salad. Also, they have a few pasta salads and other pre-made salads like Cesar's and the likes. Really good. With all these options, it has to make everyone happy except for one thing. Where's the meat? Where's the beef? Not much here. They have different Focaccia breads (something almost like pizza bread) that are pretty good. My wife and son really likes their soup especially the chicken noodle soup. They love it. I tried the chili soup and it had multiple kinds of beans, ground beef, tomatoes and other thing. It was pretty good but little sour from the tomatoes. The pasta bar is ok and probably my favorite would be the Mac and Cheese. The best part of the desert bar is the soft swirl ice cream. Seems like one of the most popular things at Sweet Tomatoes. One last thing, ask the people in the bakery for freshly baked chocolate chips cookies and they will give you some. If you don't ask they won't give you any. Usually, they just pass the cookies around on platters so if you want to make sure you get some cookies then just ask. So the workers are always available for you and they are picking up your finished plates and bowls. They always clean up the dirty tables pretty quickly so overall the place is really clean. So overall the place has pretty good food and if you looking for healthy food then this is the place. One warning, don't over eat cause it's so easy. So enjoy a healthy meal once in awhile.
5	If you've never to this Sweet Tomato before, I will tell you that the interior is vast. You can go roller skating from one end to the other without any issues.Tonight per usual, we went down the line, paid, and was getting ready to look for a table to sit down to eat our dinner when the cashier said, "wait. You have to wait to be seated."At first, I thought she was uttering in foreign tongue cause I've been coming to this location for YEARS and we've never had to wait to be seated!Turns out, the place was fully booked. Full capacity- every booth and seat taken in the vast interior. Very impressive. Easily I want to say over 250 people dining at the same time???Way to go Sweet Tomato- you're doing something right!  I'm glad too- as I do enjoy the freshness and flavor of your soups and salads. And I can't wait until when you bring your French Onion soup back again!!!!
4	I like to think this is a healthy lunch spot but I'm a sucker for the pizza, the ice cream and the muffins. My grandsons love this place and they eat more than their money's worth.Good spot - go hungry :-)
3	If you've never been to a Sweet Tomatoes in the past you already know what to expect because every city has a place like it.Grab a tray, grab a plate, walk down a line just like the one they had at my elementary school and load up with lettuce, spinach, cold pastas, tomatoes, cucumbers, etc. Have a seat and congratulate yourself for eating healthy (ignore the 3 cups of Thousand Island dressing you also got).Then, I guess as a reward for healthy eating, you grab a bowl of soup to up your sodium intake for the day. Then you grab a few slices (more like 3x2" pieces) of pizza, some muffins and devour your second course.Still feeling good about your healthy eating choices you grab a bowl, put a brownie on the bottom and cover it with ice cream, add some sprinkles and you're golden!Don't get me wrong. I'm OK with all of the above. My kids love this place and, since they both have hollow legs, it's an economical choice and it must be healthier than McDonalds.
5	Loved the caesar salad and choco mini cupcakes. Everything so fresh and diming area spotless. Staff v friendly!  Wish we had this restaurant where i live in MA
2	This was my first and last visit to a Sweet Tomatoes. They have a large salad bar. But, it is missing lean protein choices, no chicken for the Caesar salad nor tofu. The food is not healthy, lots of high fat options for the salads, carbs galore, and desserts. The special item was nachos. The total for 2 adults with drinks was a little under $25 - expensive for a meal without meaningful protein.
5	I love this place! go there and spend like $12 to stuff my face on a huge fresh salad, pretty much all of their 7 soups and then dessert
4	Came here the other night, food was good, service was good, didn't get a drink so can't say much about how they taste but would recommend this place for a quick bite and a short wait.
2	Meh could take it or leave it!  Cashier took 10 minutes to write our Id numbers down when ordering wine with dinner because a person in our party looked under 21 but was in fact 30. Food was so so aside from salad other dishes were just meh. The French onion soup was good tho. Prolly won't eat here again
5	Fresh good food. The staff are ALWAYS friendly even offering extra cups of coffee or cookies. The soups are delicious and the option of potatoes or pasta is nice. I know it's a salad place but the fresh pizza is a treat.  We go here at least twice a month.
3	Food is nice and the staff is attentive and tries to keep things clean and filled up. My issue with the place is that many people let their kids run wild and serve themselves causing messes everywhere. I have to be in the mood to deal with the "kid factor" and be ready to be bumped into, have food dropped throughout the place, and deal with the noise. I enjoy kids tremendously but don't appreciate parents who don't watch their children causing others to be impacted. The food here is quite good through for a chain.  They use fresh ingredients.
3	I go here every couple of months from lunch.  I come especially for their Caesar salad.  It's not a bad place the salad stuff is usually very fresh Caesar salad is excellent in my opinion.   There are many soups to choose from and they have been very good.   The pasta I didn't care for every time I go it's very bland. The mac & cheese is always watery I don't like it that way.  The sweet potatoes are also always and I mean always mushy.  They definitely don't know how to make sweet potatoes. other than that place is pretty good salads are excellent the soups are good the muffins are pretty decent also.  I like it just not the mac & cheese and those nasty sweet potatoes
3	Depending on what you take you can have a positive exsperience. If you stay away from everything they cook or prepare you can do well. I stay away from their baked goods and prepared salads and anything they whip up.I only took fresh vegetables and dressing and a soggy sweet potato.Service was poor the day I was there. Maybe they were short staffed? Nobody cleared our plates or trays.We ate here because this Sweet Tomatoes is located close to the Musical Instrument Museum and the MIM Cafe is way too expensive for family dining.My nephews and nieces liked it and took many plates of food.Sweet Tomatoes it is what it is.
4	I recently chose to dine at Sweet Tomatoes for the first time in over a year because I changed to a plant based diet in June 2014 and was craving salad. So armed with a great coupon I dove in and enjoyed their all you can eat fare. There are signs to advise which options are Vegan so I could stick with my plan. It's funny when I was eating meat in the past I felt like there were not enough meat options available here now I was like hmmm there should be more vegan dressings, soups and breads. The Strawberry lemonade is always delicious so don't miss out on it. And for the price for a meal and a drink using a coupon it is pretty great so I will definitely add this location to my playlist again.
4	I have been a fan of Sweet Tomatoes since I first visited this location briefly after they opened back in high school! I must say, for the most part it has been consistently good.First off the staff is always very nice, quick to pick up trays, honor expired coupons. We once accidentally brought in a coupon that had expired four years prior and they still took it haha. Also one time a bug was in my sisters salad (must have just flown into the buffet!), and they apologized by giving us a free meal there plus cookies to go!Being a vegetarian, I love places like this, especially appreciate that they specifically label if a certain item is vegetarian or not. I always start off by building my own salad, there is a lot of variety, which is nice. Last week when I was there they also had this quinoa mix with corn and feta and stuff and it was delicious. Next I usually look at soups. This is one of my complaints, I have never been too impressed by their soups. They are good, but just not as good as I ever anticipate! My number one favorite thing to get here is the pizza foccacia. I eat so much of it, it is ridiculous. They always have vegetarian pasta dishes too which is nice. Another thing I have to get every time I go there is the macaroni and cheese. It is very good, not too rich! Next to the pizza foccacia, the best part is the dessert! I LOVE ice cream/froyo so it is awesome they have that available plus some simple toppings. It is the best when they have the chocolate lava cake in the dessert area too, YUM!
4	Love love love! This place has the freshest food around. I mostly get take out, which actually makes two meals for me, but I like eating there also. The restaurant is really clean and the staff is friendly.
