4	Conveniently located close to St Catherine street and within walking distance of Crescent, this Republique is one of my favorite joints in the area. The service is always quick, bilingual and polite. Portions are plentiful, well-presented and reasonably priced. I like their beer tap selection as well, particularly the Leffe.Republique cocktails tend to err on the sweet side, which isn't my taste. But if you dig tropical and/or girly drinks, have one because they are delicious.If you have the white wine sangria you will like it, but you will contribute significantly to the Cafe Republique profits.So give it a try and be prepared to return.
4	We've come to Cafe Republique a couple of times in the last couple of months as we are planning our wedding at the Windsor Ballroom next door. It is the perfect place to meet with potential vendors, discuss plans and have a nice espresso. The ambiance is always nice and service is efficient. I like that they have Leffe Blonde on tap too!
1	Cafe Republique Rue Peel location is unethical.  My credit card information was stolen from this location and $1,000 of fraudulent charges were charged to my credit card.  Go get yourself an education, ethics and learn how to spend your own money.  Don't go around spending other people's hard earned money.  Karma is a bitch.
2	Skip it. Cafe Republique is a typical diner but with some deficiencies. My girlfriend and I stopped by for some coffee and dessert.First of all, the menu has 5-10 different coffee drinks with no explanation of what each drink is. I asked our waitress for some clarification but she didn't know either! Eventually, after discussing with a few managers, she was able to explain some of the coffees so we ordered a few. Yuck. Honestly, I do not have high standard for coffee but I could barely drink mine.Anyway, at least we saw that they had nice chocolate cake in the dessert case (although that was the ONLY item in the case) so we ordered a slice. Our waitress was excited and said "great, the cake is so fresh!". We were then excited too.So we waited. And waited. And waited... the cake was 5 feet from us but it took 15 minutes to arrive because our waitress was very busy chatting! There was almost no one else in the restaurant and yet somehow the service was slow.Unimpressed.
3	It was a good place for a 5-7 with a group on a friday, where all the pubs were filled to the top.They have nice meal options, including vegetarian options. and got a nice selection of beers as well. Food is a bit pricy, though, but very nice.
