5	Beautiful lit scenery using wire and colorful silk amazed us as we walked through the scenery.  Very impressive.   See my pictures!If you are in Montreal, this is a must see ... check dates and times as it is a yearly temporary event.
5	Need an idea for a romantic evening in Montreal? Forget the restaurants; head to Jardins de Lumiere, on from late Sept to early Nov at the Jardin Botanique.Every year the Chinese lantern festival gets better and better. This year's display of rainforest plants and animals is amazing. Take your time and enjoy the Chinese garden from all angles. You can even have a cup of jasmine tea and a moon cake to enjoy while sitting near the lake.Since last year, the Japanese garden has been added to the light extravaganza. It's an entirely different experience than the lanterns. Walk around the path but then find a place near the pavilion to sit and watch the lights change.Don't miss it!
5	Go to the Jardins De Lumiere close to 9PM, when the crowds have thinned significantly. I was there at 7PM, and the Jardin Chinoise was at capacity. Besides this minor complaint, it was a very surreal experience. The cold air, the almost surreal placement of the displays (whether it's butterflies, pagodas, or people) and the way it's almost encouraged that you take your time going through each lighted piece.The Jardin Japonais is equally beautiful, albeit in its own way. There's none of the exhibition pieces--instead the whole garden is a dazzling spectacle of lights in different colors and intensities.Allow yourself plenty of time to appreciate the two gardens. It's a wonderful experience.
4	Just in time for the mid-autumn festival is the Garden of Lights. I love it, it's beautiful! Try to come towards the end of the day, so you can see the difference of the garden during the day and night. My only wish is that the bonsai exhibit is open for viewing during night as well.
5	Totally worth risking standing on line in the cold. Buy tickets in advance online. Also bring student ID for a discounted ticket. Really enjoyed the Chinese garden.
