1	What a JOKE!!!   This place is the BIGGEST RIPOFF !!!!!!! First, NOT friendly, as if YOU are there for them.  Bad quote given on a tuxedo.  When asked about the original quote I was told sorry, but that was just for the pants and not the jacket.  I asked for a total quote of everything. Lady was not there on appointed day to pickup and was out of town for next week, so I could not have any adjustments, went to another cleaner to have work completed!Asked for manager's number, and was met with resistance of how I didnt need to call the manager.  Thank you, but yes I DO!!!!!  Finally found a manger card, but no worries, You the customer are not worth her time, will post her name when I get her card. How do these people get away with this?  Over priced and under valued? Pathetic world we live in when this is acceptable!?#!!!!
1	I remember the first time I went to the dry cleaners just around the corner from my home.  I usually build up quite a bit of stock to clean.I asked how much the total items would cost.  They replied, "Saturday after 3," or something.  Now, I should have spoken up, but I know the original question was clearly stated.But at this point, they had my clothes, my address, and a face, and I didn't want to cause any trouble.  At the time I was teaching, and I couldn't go to the next week without any suits.Well after three I came the next day, to find a $120+ bill for 4 suits.  The service seems a bit below par, communication skills included.And the price was so abominable, I just never cleaned my suits for quite some time.
2	the clothes come back clean but way too expensive!!
3	The seamstress does decent work ($6 for a stitch job on my work pants) but doesn't give much of a quote for price or estimated time. The people are nice in there and I don't know much about the prices for dry cleaning (since having two monkeys I don't own anything that isn't machine washable). She's fixing my bikini bottoms as we speak so I will give you an update soon.
1	The service was consistently bad. No reason to wait 15 minutes with only two customers in line. Way over priced also.
1	We dropped off a comforter to be cleaned and the price was $45 and was to be done in 1 week (on Friday).  I thought to myself, "it's expensive and it'll take awhile but maybe they do such a great job that it'll be worth it".  I came back on Friday @ 4pm to pick up the comforter and they said to me "sorry, it won't be ready until at least 6pm" so i said "okay I"ll come back another day to pick it up".  I returned on MONDAY at 6:30pm and they said the comforter was STILL NOT READY!  WTF? That's 3 days after they originally said it would be ready!  I was finally able to pick it up on Wednesday (5 days after they said it would be ready).  This place is completely unprofessional and overpriced.  I highly recommend NOT using this place and I certainly would not return to this place ever again.
1	Worst dry cleaning experience ever. Took a dress in to get hemmed, no big deal, was promised it 5 days later, which was the exact day I needed it for a bachelorette party, so I go to pick it up and the dress is gone. The employee makes phone call after phone call with no results. All the while she is treating this like it's no big deal, happens all the time and I needed to relax. By this time I was a little upset because 45 minutes had passed and I'm still standing there with no dress and she has nothing to tell me. Then out if nowhere, my dress appears. Never again will I trust this place with my clothes. I was not aware they take the clothes off property for dry cleaning. Also their prices are astronomical.
1	Short version: completely unprofessional, expensive, and twice damaging. After three tries, each was a failure for a different reason. Never go here.Expensive.Quoted one day for shirts one visit, 5 days for shirts another visit. 5 days for 1 shirt!? Got a shirt back from them half-shrunk (yes, one side shrunk one side did not) and they blamed me at first -- "You brought it in this way." -- then they blamed the shirt's construction. If you're going to lie to me, pick one and stick to it.Showed up to get my shirts one night and they said they would be late coming back to the shop from the actual cleaning place but they were staying open late. Should be here in an hour. Come back two hours after closing time and they're still open but still no shirts. A full day after their quoted pickup time.Laundered a shirt myself once, brought it in to be pressed. Told they don't offer only pressing it would need to be cleaned again. They wrote a note in ballpoint pen and attached it to the hanger after cleaning and pressing. The ballpoint pen ink then transferred to my shirt, and I didn't notice until I got it home because it was inside the shirt on the hanger.
1	I was SHOCKED! My mother was in the dry cleaners business and im 50 years old and never thought to ask prices because I never would have believed one shirt was over $6.50!!!!!! My shorts were $6.50!!!! Oh My Gosh! Robbery! Come on! Get real!!!! How will they stay in business?  I have never had a bill this expensive!!!! Never!! Don't use this dry cleaners!!!!
2	Their dry cleaning services are average. Three star.But ask them to make any kind of fixes - even something as simple as putting a button back on - and you might as well bet it on black, because there's typically less than a 50/50 shot that they'll actually do what you ask for. And it takes forever for even the simplest of tasks. One star.Do the math. Two stars. If I wasn't so lazy about driving I'd find someplace else to take my dry cleaning.
1	This place sucks very expensive and crappy job! I live two blocks away I rather drive 5 miles to get better service and better price !
