4	Karaoke Kid is a divey karaoke bar, but that doesn't stop me from giving it 4 stars. It's great for early evening groups.  Some of my best Madison nights on the town have originated by a stop at the Kid.  They essentially have a monopoly on down-town karaoke, and they know it.  They have reasonably priced sake bombs and they make a Midori version of a Long Island called the "Green Dragon." (p.s. SIP your Green Dragon)  Their bar is also stocked with several Asian beers such as  Sapporo and Tsing Tao.  As for singing, this is a place where you can get your karaoke on without embarrassing yourself.  Unlike Gameroke or Karaoke at the Dry Bean, the intimate atmosphere makes it so those who don't necessarily have any singing or dancing skills feel comfortable letting their fellow patrons know just that.  Songs are $1, depending on the evening and the time of evening the queue to sing can be quite long, but the person who sets up the songs usually does take bribes. ($5 should do the trick)  Other housekeeping things to keep in mind, yes you can run a tab but do so at your own risk.  They only keep track of tabs by first name and any no-talent drunky can put their drinks on your tab, so be very careful.  Also this is not a place for underagers, they card hard.In sum, regardless if you can sing or not, check out the Kid but do so early, be 21, and bring cash.
4	I effin' love the Karaoke Kid.  It's modeled after a Japanese karaoke bar (or at least, what you think one might look like).  They even offer a list of sake-related drinks and shots.  It's divey in a "We don't have much money, so here are some velvet curtains and mirrors"-way.  It's not divey in the "We might get anally raped by rednecks" or "I might get crabs from the toilet seat"-way.They have a seriously extensive song list.  Such an extensive list, in fact, that you might not get to see the entire thing before someone steals one of the 5 copies of the book from you.  You pay your $1 (or if it's crowded and you don't want to wait for 2 hours to sing "Don't Stop Believing," you tip them an extra few bucks).  They call your name, you get up on a little stage and sing your heart out.  I've heard some seriously awful singers in that place, and the best thing is that no one boos them off or heckles them afterward.  The only thing those people get is relieved silence.  That ain't so bad.  More often than not, you get people singing along or congratulating you on a good job or good song choice after the fact.  That's awesome.It's teeny-tiny, but gets packed with people.  Get there early to score a seat.  Otherwise, it kinda sucks.
3	While I do enjoy the Real KK, it has it's faults:It is the smallest bar imaginable for the amount of people that go there.  This poses some problems.  It gets real hot in there quickly.  And I don't mean hot in the good way.  I mean hot in the gross, sticky, let's get out of here way.  It takes forever to be able to sing a song.  And on top of that it's hard to get more than one or two songs in a night.  Getting drinks is a bit difficult.  The bartenders are pretty quick; however, it's actually being able to get to the bar that is hard.  And finally, it lacks quality seating.The pros:Um, hello.  Karaoke!  Who doesn't love embarrassing themselves when B.O.D. (Black Out Drunk).  I know I sure do.  And let me tell you this, the Real KK has an incredible song list.  There's almost nothing you can't find.  Except for "No Diggity."  I still can't believe that.  Add that to the faults.So, because it's a karaoke bar, it's awesome, but the venue is way too small which creates lots of annoying problems.
5	I don't know why anyone would give this less than 5 stars. Who doesn't like karaoke? Ok, I guess the drinks are a little expensive, but that's for Madison prices. If you're a real adult or an out-of-towner, affording these drinks shouldn't be a problem. Also, sometimes you have to wait a while for your turn to sing, but that's what they sake bombs are for (and they'll make you sing better).
3	Went there a few nights ago for the first time and holy moly is it tiny.  I thought I was missing something when I walked in. There were only 30 people in there but it felt packed and hot and awkward trying to move around.  The singing was amusing but I can see how it would get annoying if you weren't hammered.  Bartenders were good but I had to flag them down to get a cocktail.  The smell was interesting, and I imagine it could be even more so if someone wasn't feeling well considering how small the general area is.  Probably won't visit again til I'm wasted.
4	I've been going here for about seven years now, and while I admit that their selection sometimes has some crazy gaps, I still love the place--and they do make an effort to add new material.  They've even asked me and other regulars to give them suggestions, so they're definitely interested in pleasing the customers.Unfortunately, the size of the bar and the crowds that pack in on weekends really are a problem.  Years ago, I remember when they would actually take away the books when the song queue got to a certain length, so that no one had to wait hours to sing, provided they had gotten in the request before the books were removed.  I realize they were probably losing money on drinks this way, and that's probably why they now just leave the books out all the time, but it can be frustrating if you're there when it's super crowded.Normally, we ONLY go on weeknights just to avoid this problem.  We went on a Saturday recently as part of our engagement festivities, and one friend of mine who goes there a lot only got to sing one song in the four hours that he was there, despite having put in several early.  They were just trying to equally represent all the groups who were there, we know, but some of those people got a song in within 30 minutes.  Again, I understand the business practice--it's just frustrating when you're also in a super small space with all those people.  I will say that they were very willing to make sure that my fiance and I, as the honorees of the night, got plenty of songs in, which we really appreciated.Overall, I recommend going on weeknights for a MUCH better experience all together.  Skip Fridays and Saturdays, especially during April-June... way too many bachelorette parties, it turns out.  Two others showed up while we were there alone.Also, I don't know who thinks their drinks are expensive--your average rail is $3.50; a Long Island is $7.  In what universe is that "pricey"?
5	This is the most authentic and original japanese karaoke bar within hundreds of miles, at least. most of the crowd is karaoke loving college kids, but weary travelers and kids alike, truly you never know what kind of fun you're about to have until you have your first Sake Bomb and then get up on stage to sing your favorite song...or just the only song you have the guts to sing (that you feel good about after that sake bomb).Great fo business trip morale boosts. Random people meeting more random people.This place is a blast. Show around 10 pm and you'll be the party. Show up after 11, and you'll be waiting for the party before it is your turn to sing...if you have this issue, depending on how many requests are in and how friendly the dj feels...you can often bribe them for better $inging order.Family owned and operated. This mama-san is like my japanese mom! Come see wht its all about!
2	I only go here when I'm a few drinks in because their drinks are expensive! They have sake bombs and jello shots for those of us who want to not drop $5 on a little tiny drink.You also have to pay for each song. I mean, shouldn't you be paying me to sing? I've had some rude service here from a particular bartender when choosing songs. It was too close to the end of the night to get a song in...unless I paid her $20. Really? No thank you! We left after that.They also don't let you sing "Don't Stop Believin' ," even though it's in their book, because it's "broken." Heh, right. I think they just got sick of hearing it a million times a night.
5	Awesome place to sing. Great place to get your karaoke on.Great on a weeknight.
4	It's been years since I was there, but this was my singular favorite place to go out to in Madison - and that's saying something!  I speak a tiny bit of Japanese, so the owner was always really nice to me, and the singing is so much fun, as everyone gets along so well (for the most part) and makes lots of friends.  A night at THE REAL K.K. is kind of like being on a public bus, but with alcohol and singing.
2	All I wanted to do was sing karaoke on my birthday. I looked up their business hours before bringing my group of friends and when we got there at around 9 pm, it was closed! There was no sign or anything explaining  being closed during normal business hours. This was very disappointing because there is really not many other places that offer karaoke on Tuesday nights in Madison, so I didn't really have anywhere else to go. I still had some fun on my birthday, but I was really counting on this.I gave two stars instead of one because when it's open, I like it here (especially on a week night).
1	I used to like this place - but the guy who picks the song is blatant about asking girls to flash him to move the song up. I can't give my money to a place that so overtly objectifies women. There are a lot of other fun karaoke places in town!
1	If you want to wait around here for 2 hours when you are "10 songs down" it's a great place. You need to know the guy behind the at to get your song played. That means a bunch of clowns get to sing repeatedly!
4	Awesome hangout!  Went on a Wednesday night and had the place to ourselves!   An opportunity to have the stage to ourselves and sing our hearts out.  Staff was quirky, irreverent and fun.  Excellent song selection and Jell-O shots too!  Don't let negative reviews steer you away - alcohol may be involved and if you're looking for a dive bar to make yourself at home - this is the place.
1	I like singing karaoke. I'm not awesome, but it's fun. But if you go to this place on any regular night and there are drunk people willing to "tip" $10-20 per song, you will never sing. My friends and I got here around 10pm and put several songs in at a dollar a piece. Over an hour later, others had been up several times and not one of us had been called. We had two birthdays among us and had hoped they would be able to sing. I got up to check and they said I was 3 songs away. I waited four songs and then asked again. They told me I was 4 songs away. I was honestly never going to sing. And I never did. They gave me my money back, but I would NEVER go back there.
