4	If this is part of the old fast food chain rally's then I am even more happy to try it out. I had this the other day for the first time and I was very happy with the food. Fries were seasoned and had a little spice to it and the burger was juicy. Also the place was packed but we still got our food quickly. I will be going here often.
5	Woooo!!!! Love this place!!! Missed ir soooo much. Havent had it in years. Since i moved to Vegas. Best fastfood FRIES!!!!!! Hands down
2	Don't go here.  I know you might want to try it but these good reviews are people who sadly have no taste buds. I got fries a burger and the spicy chicken. The spicy chicken which I am almost positive they drive down the street got it from McDonald's re wrapped it and gave it to me for 50 cents more.. Only McDonald's chicken is better quality.. That's right McDonald's is better which is the only time I have or will ever say that.  Their burger was flavorless and had the same consistency as burgers you find in the frozen dinner isle at Walmart. They have a lot of bells and whistles. Like wings, seasoned fries and whatever but trust me it's not worth it. Don't waste your time go across the street you'll be happy you did.
5	This is only based on 2 things. The Fries & Wings. So far so good. & I might add that these are the best fries I've had from a fast food chain.
3	Came here after seeing this new burger place opened up in the southwest side of town, across the street from Sonic on Durango. We had burgers, chicken strips, chicken wings with fries. The burger was just so so, the buns were cold, that's all I can remember about the burger. Chicken strips and wings were also just so so...nothing to rave about. You can get a much better burger from In & Out or even Sonic. All the napkins, sauces and ketchup you have to ask for since they are all behind the cashier, don't know why. Also, don't know why they opened in this location since there are many other burger and wing places around there. Well, I can say I have tried a Checkers burger now. :-(
1	I had high hopes for this place. When I learned that they were building one (at this location), I was incredibly stoked because (previously) they only had 1 on Boulder/Lamb and that was way to far for me to drive.This would be the first time I have been able to eat frequently at a Checkers since I moved to Las Vegas from Georgia 10 years ago.Unfortunately, there are just too many flaws with this place for me to overlook, and here they are:(1) The cooks can't tell the difference between sandwiches: I ordered a Big Chicken Deluxe... the only difference between the 'Deluxe' and the regular Big Chicken sandwich is that the deluxe comes with a tomato and cheese. ON 2 OCCASIONS IN A ROW they forgot to add the tomato and cheese. I had to bring it back to the counter and explain it to them. The SAME staff prepared it both times... so apparently they don't learn their lesson nor do they care.(2) Pricing and menu layout is inaccurate and incredibly confusing. They have a HUGE sign on the OUTSIDE window stating that the "Big Chicken Deluxe" is 2-for-$6 yet on the menu (at the top) inside the building, it says it's 2-for-$5 ... I pointed this out to the cashier and she did nothing to get this corrected. So, I ended up paying MORE than what the menu says.(3) For some strange reason, they make EVERYTHING available except napkins. Keep in mind this is really greasy food, so you're going to need some napkins. But, if you want napkins you have to go out of your way to ask them for some because they don't have the foresight
1	Went to checkers on a friends recommendation that they used to eat it all the time in California. I will start off by saying that the food is ok hence the one star, if I could give this place a 0 stars i still would give just the one star for the food. The reason for the 4 star reduction is because of napkins and 3 stars because of the really crappy engineered drive through. Its the thinnest drive thru we have ever driven through. we made a wide right hand turn from the pick up window and still scraped our rim. Ok so I thought maybe we are just somewhat retarded and decided to eat our food in the car and watch other cars and how they navigate what I felt was crappy design. It took us 15 minutes to eat our food and in that time frame we counted 22 cars, 14 of them being Suvs out of the 14 suvs 9 of them hit the curb or ran over it. The other 8 vehicles 3 hit the curb. I would never ever recommend this place to anyone especially anyone who cares about their cars. If someone from Checkers reads this, I really think you guys need to redesign that drive thru.
