5	Was I crazy taking my car to a self admitted Madman?Would I regret sitting down at this tea party? Would the Time is takes to complete the car work be affected by mustard on the guy's watch?Is the Queen correct, should he be beheaded?The answer to all of these is NO!1 star for getting a friendly, calm voice, telling me their hours and to bring it in whenever I wished, first come first serve and meaning it. No push one for English, no confusing bumbling appointment scheduler, no leaving my car there overnight, handing out my key so they can get to it "sometime." 1 star for putting my car up on the lift right away and describing each of the sections that required repair and why, showing me the parts in advance; breaking down the quoted repair before beginning any maintenance. No surprises, total professionals.1 star for completing the repair in 45 minutes, same day with all new parts, full warranty. Drove away after spending less time than it takes to get a lunch.1 star for adjusting the muffler the next day with no appointment required or cost when we detected a rattle. Great handshake and pleasant quick attention. Took less than 5 minutes!1 star for contributing to the community a portion of proceeds to help veterans and schools.For a grand total of perfect 5 stars. This is obviously the complete madness they refer to in the name. Compared to the usual run around you get with shady car repair places, this was insane in a good way.If you need work done on your car exhaust and you don't know who to trust or go to, take my word for it, go to Mad Hatter. It was painless and the cost was half of what I expected from another shop or dealer. They will be our go to repair place for these needs from now on.
5	Our car failed emissions three times. DOh!Finally we determined that we needed a new catalytic converter. I called Mad Hatter at 12:10 on a Saturday. They said they close at one pm, but if we got there quick they could do what we needed. They gave us a price quote.We arrived at 12:20. They installed a new catalytic converter, we paid the quoted amount. We left at 12:40. How's that for all done, no fuss no muss? We passed our emissions test with flying colors. GOLD. Honest, fast, wonderful service! We love this Mad Hatter location!
5	I recieved a diagnosis (from a trusted mechanic) that I likely had a bad catalytic converter on my Dodge Stratus.  I saw the positive review on Yelp and decided to try Mad Hatter.  I received a phone quote for $269.00 to replace the CC.  When I brought the car in, Mark (the shop tech) decided to check to make sure the CC was bad before doing the replacement.  Mark spent about 20-30 minutes on the CC, finally taking it down and showing me that it was okay and didn't need replacement.  He had let me know beforehand that there would be a small charge to check it (which I okayed), but only ended up charging me about half of what he quoted because it didn't take as much work as he thought.  In these times, with everyone scrapping for every dollar, it's really nice to know that there are honest mechanics out there willing to help YOU save money.  I will definitely recommend this shop to anyone needing muffler/CC/brake work in the future.
5	Looking for a great break job at a good price? This place is thorough, efficient and honest.  When I showed up a little after 8am there were already 2 cars ahead of me.  Mark gave me a realistic time estimate for my free brake check and after the diagnosis, they efficiently completed the job and I was on my way.  Mark was personable, courteous, informative and old school honest.  What a rare and welcomed combination!
5	I Highly reccomed Mad Hatter!! I had an exhaust leak in an older car and called these guys. I expected a lenghthy diagnosis and repair but I was in and out within 15 minutes. In todays day and age its nice to find a shop that is honest and reasonable!!
5	I went to Mad Hatter based on other Yelpers' recommendations and could not be more pleased with the service. Being new to the area, I got a little lost on my way. I called the shop from my cellular telephone to ask for directions and Mark was happy to guide me. Having gotten lost on the way and being a 20-something blonde girl, I worried they might not take me seriously.Take me seriously they did and take me for a ride, they did not. They replaced my entire exhaust system in just over an hour and stayed late in order to get it done. I think when Angel gave me a time estimate, he knew that it would take them into overtime, but he took on the project all the same. Mark and Angel worked beautifully as a team and I'm so happy with the results. Not only did they give me a shiny new exhaust system, but when I asked if I could get a play-by-play of all the repairs they were doing, they were happy to oblige.It's a really great shop and I'm happy I brought my car here. Any brake or muffler jobs are worth taking to Mad Hatter for sure.
5	This place is awesome! I came in based on the previous reviews and I wasn't disappointed. My car was sounding like a rice rocket, so I brought it in - turns out two welds had popped off of the exhaust. $20 and 5 minutes later, everything was perfect! Wish I had come in sooner this week and had my brakes done, but at least I know for next time! Plus, if you choose to wait for your car - The Yard is RIGHT NEXT DOOR!
5	Great place to take your ride! Went in for an exhaust inspection, the man got my car in and had my problem found in minutes. Very kind and helpful work with a straight up attitude make this the best place around to have exhaust work done. Nothing beats that kind of service.
5	My second visit to Mad Hatter.  The first visit was on referral, the second was because they did such great work on the first visit.  This time, they did a manifold back exhaust for me, to include all new pipe, new o2 sensor bung, new catalytic converter and glass pack.   Part of my request was that they reroute the exhaust to give me room to put an anti-wrap bar on the rear axle of my weekend toy - a '93 Jeep Wrangler - and they accomplished that.   Further, the previous downpipe from my exhaust manifold routinely made contact with my front driveshaft under front axle articulation, and they were able to move the new downpipe slightly to the side to eliminate that problem.  There were some holes in the pipe near that driveshaft and near the old cat, causing my Jeep to sound like a UPS truck.  So, the bonus is that by sealing up the new pipe, they eliminated exhaust leaks, and I now have a little more power without the UPS truck engine sound.  Best of all, they did all this while I walked across the street for a bite to eat.   Thanks guys!   Highly recommend!
5	It couldn't be more stereotypical that I'm asian and I drive a Honda Civic WITH mad ass vroom vroom sounds a la Too Fast Too Furious. Ok, so my Honda Civic's muffler is broken. Looking underneath the car, the entire thing is rustyyyy lol (darn you snow and salted roads of Pennsylvania)! So I gotta do what I gotta do and prepped myself to spend dough for this. BUT! This place - well, Angel (yes that's his name) - did exactly what we all look for in excellent customer service. Upon inspection of my car's rusty muffler pipes and blah, he advised that all I really needed is to change the muffler and tailpipe, and not the entire stretch of pipe. Yay! That saved me a couple of $$$! So so so lucky and very glad that there are still honest and competent mechanics out there! Take your muffler and brake problems here, people!
4	I live in the neighborhood and wanted to support local businesses. The guys at Mad Hatter did an efficient job on my brakes. I felt they were honest and stood by their work. They did what they said and charged a fair price. I recommend!
