5	I have been shopping at this store since they opened the doors.  I really like the store and the way it is set up.  They have merchandise in this store that other CVS stores in the Phoenix Metro area don't have.  It is always well organized and clean.  I like that.  The most important thing they have is the  same crew that has been there for some time.  With the exception of a couple of people, you usually see the same faces when you go in.  These long time employees make you feel welcome and will help you find what you need.  It is not unusual for their employees even to TAKE you to what you need!   Good people that work hard and their store certainly shows it.Talking about the pharmacy in this store.  I can't say enough for their staff.  They really care about their customers. If you have a question, the pharmacist will explain what's what to expect in a way that can be understood.  The employees will take time to get things right. You have a problem with your insurance company and they will make a genuine help to get it resolved.  The times when they have to say I'm sorry we are waiting on the insurance company or the Doctor they have tried.  It tells you something when you see an equal amount of age groups that use them.  They seem to be able to work satisfactory with everyone.  I have seen the same customers come in sick as a dog and just wanting to get out.  I have seen the same people come in later in a good mood smiling because of a decent experience when they were sick.  A final comment on this location that tells me why I like this store as much as I did.  I have yet to see an employee who is stupid, surly, or just doesn't fit in, last in this store.  There was a pharmacy employee who made me crazy by how that person did there job.  I finally decided that if that person was working, I'd just start going back at another time.  For the length of time that person had been there, she just didn't really have a clue as to what she was doing.  The next time I went in this person had been go.  I wasn't the only one happy.  The staff was sick of covering for her.  Another example of what they do to make this a store I want to keep going back to.  They aren't perfect but they are are working toward it.I really enjoy writing a review like this!
5	Two years later I still have nothing to say but the best for this CVS location.  They remodeled the store to make it more user friendly.  During this time, they have continue to have a staff with great attitudes.  That includes having fired three employees that really had issues.  They just didn't keep them on.  This isn't as big a store as some but they do it right.  How many times can you say that based on a number of years?
3	Kind of shady clientele. Staff is friendly enough.
4	Until yesterday, this branch would have received 1 star, if any, for a rating.  The last time I was here (3-4 months ago) the store was dirty, the sales associates (once I found them) were rude, and I just felt ICKY after shopping here.NOW?  The store was being stocked as I shopped, I was greeted when I walked in, the associate asked if she could help me find anything, then came to CHECK ON ME to make sure I was still okay (she stopped stocking shelves to do this!), and pointed me in the exact direction I needed to go to find what I was looking for.The associate who rang in my purchases was the perfect mix of sarcastic and cheerful, and I had a great time chatting with her (the shelf-stocker was giggling at our conversation the whole time).Suddenly, I don't feel the need to avoid this particular store if I'm nearby and need something (provided it's before 9 pm).  These two ladies really improved my view of CVS Pharmacies in general, and this location in particular.  It's amazing what you can do just by doing your job and enjoying human interaction.
5	The long time Pharmacy staff is wonderful! They have great attitudes which is very much appreciated. I have three CVS stores near me, but will remain at this location because of the Pharmacy staff.
2	If you can, avoid this CVS location at all costs!The product is under stocked meaning that several items are not even available.The staff is wildly unhelpful and the machine that you can use to print your coupons in store is so archaic that it can't read the mobile cards or access your account by entering your phone number.A colossal waste of time and energy... I'm sorry I stopped here.
1	Store # 9297 Fact; no shopping carts in the store from Oct 25th, 2013 to this present day of Dec 7th, 2013. I have complained and complained. No positive results. The store manager and his staff are very sweet people. They have asked the corporate suits for shopping carts to be allocated for this store since the old set was stolen. The corporate executives are dragging their heels on this. Corporate greed at its finest. 45 days and no shopping carts! So, here I am yelping about it. I will call their 800# customer care line and pledge not to shop at CVS with my rewards membership until this problem is rectified.
1	The pharmacy has had a staff overhaul. Experience has not been the same. The current pharmacy is not as helpful, friendly or professional as the previous staff members and they are somewhat rude. One instance, the Pharmacy tech was ringing me up, I was trying to ask him a question, but he was yelling to another tech across the back area about nothing that pertained to the current situation or that couldn't wait two mins to finish our transaction. Hopefully it will change around. Still, I have changed to the CVS down the street 7th St & Indian School. They are quicker and more professional which is much appreciated!
5	I moved from the 24 hr pharmacy on 19th Ave & Indian School Rd to this location and am very happy with the results so far. Although I miss being able to pick up my meds after 6 pm on the weekends, I'll live with that considering what I used to deal with at the other location, which was madness!! If there has ever been any issue with my meds here they are quick to help and execute all and any issues extremely well. I'm really surprised to read all these bad reviews because this hasn't been my experience. Granted I've never gone in the actual store, I've only been through the drive thru. I'm very satisfied with their service and they've all been very helpful no matter what!
2	A lot of the inventory is damaged,  disorganized,  and out of place.  Everything had a thin coat of dirt on it up at the counter.
