4	This is a great yoga place - lots of classes on offer, both the drop-in and 7-week package variety. There are quite a few teachers in the schedule, which I personally like - if someone isn't a good fit, there are plenty of other classes to choose. I haven't been to many yet - but i was convinced enough by their biannual free open day offering to buy a 3-month pass. It's mostly Hatha, with some kundalini and meditative practice thrown in. The pre-paid 7-week courses include prenatal, postnatal-with-baby, and I believe childrens' courses. The teachers I've worked with so far have been really genuine, friendly and it's a welcoming environment. It's pretty pricey though. Current prices are posted online. If you buy a pass, you can also track your usage of it online (they give you a barcode thing that you scan in before each class, and a username/pwd for their site). Terrific location just around the corner from Sherbrooke Metro, on St Denis in the lower Plateau. Yoga Sangha has the second and third floors of pleasantly-creaky old brownstone. Exposed-brick walls, big windows, not enough mirrors though. The thai restaurant on the ground floor can make for a .... fragrant evening class, but apart from that its a really nice facility. There are changing facilities, lockers and a shower for men and women (seperate). They also have treatment rooms in the lower-ground floor. The decor is kinda urban day-spa - meets - tibetan-inspired yoga-chic. All classes are in French; if you've done some yoga before, and your french is just-ok, you won't have a problem. I would say you'll need french in inverse proportion to your yoga knowledge.
4	I came here twice for yoga on a recent visit to Montreal. Sangha is conveniently located just steps from Sherbrooke station and feels like an urban oasis. The facilities are news, super-clean, and very calming. There are 2 spacious studios - 1 on the main level, 1 upstairs. The reception area includes a small smoothie and snack bar where they serve complimentary tea. There is also a small boutique with yoga wear, mats, DVD's, books, etc. I found the service very friendly, even to an anglophone with just passable French. Zero attitude and it was fun to practice my French. Changerooms are really nice and spa-like, with one shower and lots of lockers (but you need to bring your own lock). They can provide towels at the reception area, although I don't know if there's a charge for that. They have a busy schedule of several classes daily, so it's great because there's so much to choose from. I took the Hatha class on Saturday with Josianne and really enjoyed it. Although it was entirely in French, I could follow along (I agree with Velma - the amount of French you need is inversely proportional to how much background you have in yoga). Josianne was a patient teacher with attention to detail. I also tried the Shakti Flow class on Sunday with Marjorie. I didn't really enjoy it as much, but that was partly my own misunderstanding of what the class would be. I usually do Ashtanga and i thought it would be a similar flow or vinyasa-type class. Shakti flow is actually more like Nia, fusing some aspects of yoga with pilates or dance. There was a lot of hip circles and waving our arms with our eyes closed, and it wasn't much of a workout for me.  It is expensive at $18/class, but I got the $20 weekly pass for newbies so that wasn't so bad. Mat rentals are $2. They also have a clinic in the basement for massages and other treatments. I would come back for yoga next time I am in Montreal, but I would stick to Hatha or Vinyasa classes instead of Shakti!
4	This is definitely one of the prettiest yoga studios I've ever visited. It has a very zen and spa-like feel to me, and the yoga instructor I had was very friendly and patient with my rudimentary level of French. We went into a studio upstairs, and it was a great advanced level class and a lovely way to end a busy weekend of sightseeing and travel. Towards the end of the class, we did a great meditation sequence. It was nice for me because she spoke a little slower and bit more contemplative and I could understand her French very well.The bathrooms were nice and there were plenty of open lockers to utilize. You can tell they put a lot of thought into the space - candles, beautiful decorations, and tea.If I'm ever in town again, I'd love to come back.
