3	This version of the Green Mermaid is in the Albertson strip mall, nestled in the labyrinth of side roads just off West Sahara avenue, high on the hill overlooking Las Vegas. It's a different , presumably newer store design. There are none of those cone-shaped, tortoise shell colored hanging lamps over the barrista bar.No oval shaped drink pick-up platform. It has a more straight-forward, rectangular shaped set of store furnishings, like you would find anywhere in a suburban strip mall. Well, I guess that is what this is.  Pretty small space, limited parking. A lot of regular customers, greeted with friendly customer service from the staff that recognizes the regulars.It is sort of cumbersome getting into and out of this place from West Sahara though. If you don't know where it is, you will easily pass by it a couple of times, even with a GPS in your car. If you are planning to meet someone here, give yourself extra time, unless you're a regular.
4	this place rocks!
3	I've been to this location a number of times, but the convenience of getting in and out makes this less than the most desirable location.Service has always been very good.Yesterday, I had a free drink and I stopped at this Starbucks.  As Ken states, you've been to one you've pretty much been to all Starbucks.  It is small.  It certainly isn't my Starbucks of choice, but it's A-OK.
4	No drive through:( however, I was in and out with coffee fast! Starbucks quality and fast service, 4 stars!Note, no drive thru!!!
4	Customer service was great, with great attitudes. I like this location not only because it's nearby, but it's also a nice place sit, relax, and enjoy your favorite coffee!!
4	goodbye pumpkin spice...Great service and amazing staff at this location.
4	Cozy decor, free WiFi friendly people and good drinks make this place a nice gathering spot for my friends and I to meet up and shoot the breeze.
4	Nice Decor and was fast.
4	I've been here a couple of times. I like this location because it's not as busy as some of the others I've been to.Clean, fast and friendly staff!
4	Stopped in this starbucks for a quick cup of coffee. As I was getting out of my car ran into an acquaintance. When we were at the register he asked for a cup of pike to which they were out of it. So he said he would take a blonde. The clerk provided it without charge. You never expect local service from large chain companies but I was very impressed with how she immediately recognized she wasn't able to meet the customers original need and didn't hesitate to ensure the customer left satisfied without the customer having to request it.I know the gentleman gets his coffee there daily but I will make sure when I'm in the area this will be the starbucks I shop at.
5	Located on the corner of Sahara & Fort Apache, in the Albertson's anchored shopping center, next door to Baskin Robbins, this has become my go-to Starbucks in the morning on my way to work.  The staff is amazing!  Since I come here almost every morning, they know my drink without hesitation.  I appreciate when they recognize regulars.  They are all really nice too!I will say, there are some days when a certain group of barista's are working and its much slower than another group.  Sometimes certain people work better with others or sometimes it may be the delegation of duties.  Either way, I have figured out how to time it so I hopefully don't wait very long.The parking lot can get super busy in the morning.  If you drive-by and all the spots right in front are taken- keep driving.  That means they are pretty busy.Wish there was a drive-thru, but that doesn't stop me from getting my iced, venti, caramel macchiato with extra caramel.  And sometimes I make it a quad, depending on how tired I am. :)Thanks for starting my morning off with a smile and some caffeine!
5	I find the service at  nearly every Starbucks to be consistently good, but this one is superb. The staff are super friendly, helpful and accommodating. I always leave this Starbucks happy!
4	I would go to this location on a daily basis for a little over a year when my daughter was going to Kinder Care, which is right up the street, and every morning would be a pleasant experience! (Note** NO drive thru) The crew is fabulous and work very well together. One morning, I even asked them to make me over a dozen Frapuccino's for  the ladies at my daughter's preschool and they knocked it out of the park!! They even went as far as helping me to my car with my drink order. With all of the normal perks such as free  Wi-Fi, indoor & outdoor seating, and a great drink/food selection you're also getting great customer service and a pleasant atmosphere here! This Starbucks location in particular is definitely one of my top three.Here's to you Starbucks crew @ Sahara & Ft. Apache!! -B
3	This Starbucks location is located on Fort Apache and W Sahara. It is a small store with a few tables outside the front door.I don't care for this location for two reasons.1. There is no drive thru window.2. Inadequate parking.The parking gets a little tricky when they are busy. The lot is shared with the other stores in the strip mall and the spaces get filled up quick when the shopping center gets busy. It is also easy to get in a fender bender in this lot. It can be difficult to maneuver your car when backing out of a space in front of the store.I think the company should have chose a different location in the area to open this store. The building they chose left them with out an option to even build a drive thru area.Aside from the parking and the drive thru issue, the store itself and the staff are great. The staff here is very friendly and quick, but they seem to be under staffed half of the time I am here. Still, they are very friendly and efficient even when operating the store under staffed.The only reason I gave them three stars as opposed to four is because there is NO DRIVE THRU!! Oh, and the parking.
5	This Starbucks has hands down the best service ever. As I type this, I am drinking a vanilla bean with soy milk and extra whip cream, the girl who makes it always makes sure it is super blended (most starbucks I frequent give me mines with chunks of ice-ugh). I also got a cake pop for my roommate and he enjoyed it.
1	Bought oatmeal and hot green tea and sat with my computer to work. After about 30 minutes, the a/c blasted for an hour solid. A couple of customers mentioned how cold it was. I asked an employee if she could turn up the A/C. She  shook her head and said, "There's nothing we can do about it." Not true, of course, because employees can move the thermostat. Then, a second employee said, "It's so hot in the back, we have to keep it cold." Won't make the mistake of going there again. Poor customer service!!
4	I like this Starbucks location. Indoor/outdoor seating, free WiFi, plenty of parking. Conveniently located on Albertsons plaza on the corner of Fort Apache and Sahara. Very friendly customer service. One less star for not having a drive through.
2	Not a good location.  Won't be back.  No drive through.  We were the only one waiting on drinks and service was super slow.  I had to ask for my grande chestnut praline latte to be redone because the barista filled 1/2 the cup with whipped cream.  Then my replacement tasted watered down.  Not impressed with this location.
3	The first time I came, they took forever to make my drink when I was the only customer in the store. Apparently the night crew hadn't properly replenished the 'sauce' required to make my drink. The associate making my drink slowly refilled the entire container before making my drink. I had to wait ten minutes for my drink! The manager noticed I had been here for a while so she kindly refunded my drink and gave it to me for free. I really appreciated that - most places wouldn't care!
