5	This review is for the company in general and for the guys that work the donations area. I cannot speak for anyone on the floor as I have never been inside. Employees are helpful, the company does a great thing for the community. Donations employees are always helpful in unloading boxes and bags. We come through here to drop items off about once a month and never had a bad experience. I used to drop my items at another local Goodwill and the experience was quite different so I drive about ten miles more to come here.
1	My son found some car Keys in the parking lot. He took them into the store told the lady he has the license plate of the vehicle that they were by if she wanted to announce it. She actually told my son that is private information but would take the keys in case someone came in looking for them. Are you kidding me? Private info is license plates? You can see them everywhere you idiot. What kind of people work at this place? Come on. Will never go in there again.
1	This is probably the worst GoodWill I have ever seen or second hand store I've ever been to even. They have a lot of trash and I mean trash, people donate as if it is a dump practically and the employees treat the items like its just a junkyard separating different articles of trash. The clothes are the only real deals and half the time dirty and stained. You find broken toys, broken televisions and other electrical or sporting equipment along with everything else and things are often put in odd areas and with no care. I see employees toss items that should not be tossed like DVD players or monitors and prices are all over the place for the same items sometimes the bad shape, older or broken ones are higher than the better taken care of. An Xbox seems to range from $10-30 and Play Station from $7-23 from what I've seen and games are ridiculous. Some marked higher than GameStop stickers that are still on the cases and others just marked way to high like a game commonly sold for $1-2 at any used game store for $10 and used no key PC Game disks marked at new prices if you head across the street to Walmart. The DVD and Movie area is another joke you find movies typically starting at $5 when you can again run across the street and buy it new and packaged without scratches or food in some cases crusted on it and pay the same price or close to for most of them.It's insane how bad the customer service and store is here and how that attracts more criminal activity or at least it seems that way. I see more stolen items here than I could ever expect I've gone a couple days in a row just because I'll stop of I'm passing by and check for old games and computer hardware. I have seen so many movies and games go missing and if they just cleaned the place up and prices things more reasonable instead of crazy high on most things then ok or to low on others I don't think there would be so many problems. Nobody wants to pay 5 times the normal resale on GameCube, Wii, PS2 or Xbox games and retail or higher on used movies. It seems like the only good day to shop is Thursday when whatever chosen color tags are a $1 unless a special sale event is going on which happens from time to time on Saturdays it seems.I won't even donate to this place anymore because before I ever went in to browse for a good deal I donated and saw them toss everything we have them kids toys, DVDs, clothes and a baby bath and realized they just don't care about it which is I'm sure why people are comfortable donating broken things using the place as a free dump. I donate to help people get a good deal on my used items that are still in good enough condition to work and clean off or wash the items before giving them away. I'd expect them actually be cleaning up and treating things nice as they are selling things that come in free for the most part so they can afford to sell items at a good deal and cover costs of wages as well as space and utilities and not rip off customers or give a bad name to what's supposed to be a good company that helps put more people to work.
1	This is the most expensive goodwill I have ever been to. Prices are double that of other Goodwills.
2	This Goodwill has gone down in quality! I remember coming to this store when it first opened--the quality of material was above the competition. However, this recent visit has taught me that Goodwill is lowering their quality standards while raising their prices. I found a torn up chair for 12.99, a broken filing cabinet that doesn't close for 7.99! These items should be recycled, rather than sold! C'mon Goodwill, you can do better.
