2	The grilled chicken sandwich I had today was so salty, it ruined my "healthy" meal. Ridiculous! I couldn't even eat it.
2	I usually like Wendy's. I think that have some great burgers and who doesn't like a chocolate frosty. I really think it is just this location. Somehow the service is never that great and the food just isn't up to par with other locations.The last time I was here, which will probably be the last time I am there, I had to wait quite awhile for my food. They managed to finally get half of it ready but were still having trouble getting the burger I ordered together. They finally got it together and I left to go back to work to eat where I discovered after all of that they gave me the wrong sandwich. Make me wait and still get it wrong. Boooooo.At some point I will go back to Wendy's but never to this location. I will gladly drive the 2 extra miles to go to the one on Baseline.
4	Dang, this grilled chicken go wrap is the stuff. What a steal at $1.59. It was a legit chicken breast too not that fake McDonalds junk. Yum!
1	Terrible Service. My family and I stopped into the Wendy's after picking up out of town relatives from the airport. The manager was quite rude to each of us as we ordered then had the nerve to tell us to eat quick because the lobby was closing early. We arrived at 8:15pm and he said he could keep the lobby open until 8:35pm. Granted this is no 5 star restaurant but to honestly tell customers they have a time limit on their meal is preposterous, especially when you arrive well before the closing time marked on the door.
1	So Emily at the PUW couldn't answer my question about a salad that was on the menu so she says "just a sec" and then disappears without any explanation.  Then a young man continues the conversation.  I ask the weight of the salad and he tells me "just a minute."  He comes back and tells me they aren't a set amount, they all vary.  I inquired about the type of apples on one of the salads and I'm told red and green.I'm tired of ordering food and the employees knowing nothing about what they're selling.  No clue how many ounces in the beverages, no idea the weight of meat on a sandwich or what toppings are on it so they have to put you on 'hold" so they can ask someone else.I accept this lack of info, complete my order, pay, and as I begin to drive off I observe two guys and at least one girl finding this situation particularly humorous.So the (clueless) customer is funny now?Bleu cheese on my salad was warm which seems strange.Thanks for making my dining experience after a long day of volunteering, painting, and then yardwork a pleasant end of the day.
2	I usually love Wendy's but i have had an encounter with the manager and he was straight up rude. And today I went around 950 am to get some food and according to their website Wendy's open at 7 am and I sat in the drive thru for 5 min and no one said that they were closed or asked me if I want anything. There was 4 cars parked out front so I am sure there were people in side. Now i called later in the day to get clarification on when they open, and the phone rang for 2 min... At 130 in the afternoon. I am very disappointed.
2	You get what you pay for...that is the saying. It rings true every time, too. This location is hit and miss both foodwise and customer service wise. I've encountered the good and bad with both.
3	I was having a bad day... That said, I was in need of a pick-me-up. Leaving Tempe to head back to Phoenix, I noticed Wendy's. It's been a couple months since I even thought about Wendy. My relationship with her is like most out-played relationships that you know you should end, but they still offer that feeling of comfort once in a while, so you continue to hold on.I ordered my usual. A double cheeseburger combo, medium with a Coke. The food was typical and service indifferent. There's nothing particularly special about this Wendy's. As I drove away, I did admittedly feel a little better. With a false sense of satisfaction and a gut full of shame, I was ready to take on the rest of the day.
2	They must have mistakenly put the chilled chicken for the grilled chicken salad into my sandwich and the fries were room temperature at best in one of the two meals! The good is that the service was friendly and I like the new options that stay up with the trend of hipster food offerings such as brioche buns and pretzel buns and also I like that there is an option for supposed "fresh lemonade" as well as salad options.
