5	I started going to AZ Auto Doctor after the extended warranty on my car had run out.  The prices are much better than I expected.  AZ Auto Doctor is open on Saturdays which is always a plus.  In my office many people drive Hondas and swear by AZ Auto Doctor.  I have to add that Ryan is one of the best service advisors around.  He gives great advice, doesn't try to upsell anything or recommend anything unless he or the other mechanics think it's necessary.  The one and only time I have ever taken my car to a non-authorized Honda/Acura mechanic, I paid a higher price, and the work was done incorrectly with parts that just didn't work with my car.  I had no problem going back to the other mechanics at AZ Auto Doctor, explaining the problems I was having.  They found out the other shop had incorrectly installed the shocks I had recently had replaced.  I was upset at the other shop since they were so highly recommended by my brother and had a high BBB rating, yet failed to do the job correctly.  After this incident, I have become a loyal customer to AZ Auto Doctor.  I can't thank Ryan and all the guys at AZ Auto Doctor enough!
5	Ryan and AZ Auto Doctors rock. My Pilot a/c was shot and the dealership wanted about $600 more than what Ryan quoted me. I saved that money and I'm now a loyal fan. Lately, my son was buying his first car and we had the auto doctors check one out. It saved us from buying a used car that had $1200 in repairs. I highly recommend AZ Auto Doctors.
5	These guys are the best.  They don't do service you don't need, the don't recommend service you don't need!  I bought an Acura 3 years ago, just so I could take it to them when the warranty ran out!  My previous two cars were not brands they service and I regretted that.My friend took his '92 Legend to AZ Auto Doctor 3 or 4 times insisting he needed new brakes, and every time was told, no, not yet, you have more time on them.  What mechanic shop do you know that does that!!!!You drop off your car, and you have no worries that you aren't going to be treated right.
5	Auto Doctor is the best place to get your car repaired. They are honest, dependable and quick. They will not do unnecessary work. I have been using Auto Doctor since I first bought a 1986 Honda Civic. I bring all my Hondas, Toyotas and an Acura here.
5	The antenna went out on my Lexus RX and Lexus wanted to charge me close to $700 to fix it.  What can a single mom do but buy an after market part off eBay and pay AZ Auto Doctor $80 to install it.  It was even more complicated to replace than they thought, a piece of the old cable had broke off inside, but it was still only $80.  I'm on my third Lexus now and get the majority of the work done here.  As good as Lexus but far, far less.
5	I called AZ Auto Doctor today when my battery died.  They provided such exceptional service to get me going again that I want to write this review.  The staff there, from the manager Ian to the technicians like Josh, are the most customer-focused people you will EVER encounter not only at an auto-related business but at any business anywhere!  I have taken my Acura there for over 7 years and when I buy another car, like other reviewers have noted, it will be a car that they service.  I have been remiss in not writing a review for this outstanding business previously and want to make sure I do it now.  If you ready the other reviews giving these folks 5 stars you will know why they deserve such praise.
5	I haven't really 'yelped' until now, and I think this place deserves my first review....I was having issues with my car, steam started to come out of my engine when my car turned off. I took it by AZ Auto Doctor because I needed to look into getting it fixed, and the mechanic looked at it and informed me that the part I was having issues with was in fact recalled by the dealer. He told us to take it and get it replaced for free, and we did just that.This mechanic could have just lied to make me a customer but he was honest and told me the truth. I was very pleased to come across an honest mechanic without even giving him a penny. Whatever my car needs from now on, I know I will take it there. They are to certainly be trusted.
5	Fair, honest, straight-forward, best prices, won't suggest something you don't need...that's all you really need to know, but...I have been going to AZ Auto Doctor since I started driving in 1995.  This place is the best shop, hands down. I recommend them to my friends all the time. I have tried other places such as dealerships and "quick lube" type places, but I have been ripped off or drive away feeling unsafe.  I go the location in South Scottsdale off of McDowell and Hayden; this location moved from Butherus in North Scottsdale. Eddie owns the Scottsdale location and is top-notch...has worked on my car since I started going there.  Mark is the front desk, first face/voice you see/hear...is a straight-shooter, knows his stuff, funny, and won't up sell...EVER!
5	I have a 2003 Accord that is beginning to need more maintenance. I took it to the dealer for a recall, and they told me I needed compliance bushings. These are suspension parts that wear out over time. The dealership wanted $550 to replace the bushings and align the front end. AZ Auto Doctor doctor charged me $335. I've since had other work done there. These guys are really first-rate!
5	Awesome customer service!!! Great price.Very honest.
5	I'll agree with the other reviews on here.These guys are honest and straight forward. Whenever they suggest services that were needed, I have never felt pressured-at all-and also have never been suggested miscellaneous stuff.Been going to this location a year now. They have helped my Toyota van run well. Ryan is always polite on the phone and great in person. I recommend this business, for sure
5	I've only been to Az Auto Doctor 2 times but I've been to dozen of auto service shops all over the valley & this is by for the most quality service I've experienced. Ryan and his staff are beyond helpful and extremely knowledgable. Everyone is alway pleasant, the customer service is top notch from how they answer the phone to face to face. I feel valued & my car is valued. The only issue I have is that they are constantly booked & I have to be protective to schedule ahead of time. However, they have reasonable pricing and tailored services specific to Acura & Toyota type cars. I drive here from Mid-town Phoenix and I have zero problem making that commute for the quality of work & pride they show.
5	Love AZ Auto Doctor for they have been servicing our two Hondas since 1995.  Ryan is very knowledgeable and knows his stuff.  Great customer service, honest and affordable.  Have gotten the whole family to go to AZ Auto Doctor since we all drive Hondas.  If you want the job done right, don't hesitate on taking your vehicle over to them.  Thanks Ryan and guys for taking care of our cars.
5	The absolute best repair shop I have ever dealt with. I will never go anywhere else. The service manager is very friendly and informative and explained to me everything that needed to be done to my car. I will never go anywhere else.
