4	I LOVE Bruegger's Bagels.  I wish they would come to Chicago.  Regardless of the time of day, I order the same thing, the turkey sandwich with garlic cream cheese and dried tomato spread.  So good, I wish I had one right now.  My cousins thought I was odd for wanting to come here, but I told him to take a bite of my sandwich and yes, indeed, he did agree, it was good.  Friendly service and spacious seating all added to another great Bruegger's experience.
2	Ran in and got myself some quick take-out as I was running around townBacon, Egg, and Chees on a toasted onion bagelHam, Egg, and Cheese on a toasted onion bagelThe bagels were rubbery, but not as much as the egg.  It is amazing what can happen at different stores in the same chain.  I must say, I wasn't hungry after I was done.
4	I walked into the office this morning (with slight post-Super Bowl haze) and quickly realized that it was my turn to bring in breakfast.  D'OH!   Panic mode.  The good folks at Bruegger's on the Southside helped me to recover with an amazing quick turnaround after my high-speed jaunt across the Birmingham Bridge.  Excellent bagels and some other options like muffins, cookies, great sandwiches and more.  I love the fact that these bagels taste like "real bagels" compared to Panera.  I also love the fact that they have Smoked Salmon cream cheese (even though I might be in the minority on that one)!   Thanks Bruegger's - I got hammered and harrassed by co-workers but it could have been worse.
4	Pricey, but the salads are good.It's not that the bagels cost a lot or anything they're just priced more like a movie theater.  You just don't expect a salad and a large lemonade to run $10 but it does at brueggers.That said the food is generally on the better end of quality for fast food and the staff here are polite and attentive.  If you're watching calories and work on the southside there aren't many options that work.  This is one of them.
4	Tim the manager is great. Always chatting you up as he makes your meal and making it fun.
4	Love coming here for morning bagels. The manager is always funny and nice. Just a walk away from my place so might as well enjoy it. I've never gotten a wrong order in the past 2 years.
5	Is it just me? Seems every time I come here some local who doesn't own an inside voice comes to chat up a seated guest. . . Shhh it's morning time
