3	I only eat at El Pollo Loco during Lent, when I give up Meat.  I love their BRC (Beans, Rice, Cheese) Burritos....and the price is right, $1.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/A4yJu-Nq1n6nuLP6QKZkrw?select=EdwwFuJK_tM_Y6643VKYRQIn addition to the BRC Burrito, I tried a Quesadilla for the 1st time.....pass on it, trust me.  The BRC Burrito was good, as usual....however, I think they're getting smaller and smaller.Their complimentary Salsa Bar is pretty good, although they don't have a really Spicy option for us who love the Heat.Overall, this past visit went OK.  The cashier was really slow at taking the orders and it took forever just to place one with only 2 people ahead of me.  The food was good and made up for the minor inconvenience.Return Factor - 65%
4	I work down the street from this place, and I like to sometimes pop over here after work to take food home. On most occasions, I buy a ton of food and invite the parental units over to share in bountiful amounts of chicken, beans, rice, sweet potato fries (my favorite!) and cole slaw (my second favorite!)... and, if it's a real cheat day - churros (2 for $1!)First of all, I'm going to assume you haven't been to EPL before. Allow me to tell you what's the haps here: their only protein is chicken. So they have chicken bowls, burritos, breasts, salads... all sorts of meals, but with just chicken. No steak or anything awesome like that, though for a glorious short white they had carne asada... Anyway. They have a lot of sides that go with the chicken, such as rice, beans, sweet potato fries, cole slaw, steamed veggies, tortillas, mashed potatoes... good stuff. One of the more "classic" EPL elements is their salsa bar, where they have different kinds of salsa you can serve yourself. I love the classic Pico De Gallo, though the Avocado sauce is good, too. If you've been to Baja Fresh, then you understand the concept. In terms of how good their chicken is, it's pretty good. It's not the most delicious or the most tender ever, but it's consistently good. I usually end up getting the Ultimate Pollo Bowl, but I've lately been going for the Ultimate Burrito. They're both pretty substantial meals, even for a huskier gentleman like myself, and do a pretty good job of filling me up. Cost-wise, I think it's really fair. On my last trip (7/8/2011) I bought the following: one classic chicken burrito, one ultimate burrito, a 12-pc family deal that came with four sides, and six churros for $25 after using a coupon I had for $5 off. Not a bad deal. That was enough food for four full-sized males and two grown-up ladies, with enough food left over to create two small meals. Not a bad deal, right?
5	ADDENDUM: I just had the chicken tacos from here. They were pretty flippin' good! The tortillas were deliciously soft, the chicken was tender, and the basic stuff they put on it (onion, cilantro) were perfect. That is all.
4	Just came back from El Pollo Loco ...  Love it !Pros: * Juicy chicken * Cilantro Cream Sauce is bomb!! * huge tostadas * quick serviceCons: * dirty bathrooms w/ no mirrors * their natural ice tea has a weird taste to it * they don't carry Choco Tacos anymore (okay that's super old school, but it must have been outrageously good because I remember ha).Overall:  I go to El Pollo Loco when I feel like eating out, but attempt to be healthy at the same time.  During this visit I ordered the Chicken Tostada with no sour cream plus a side of the creamy cilantro sauce.  The cilantro sauce is pretty thick in consistency and really doesn't seem to healthy, but I couldn't resist.  It's so hard to resist (that alongside the avocado salsa).  What's up with the tea?  I can't describe the taste, but there was definitely some type of funk to it ?  Egh, nonetheless I'll be back for more.** 4 Celestial Spheres **Tips: * if you are actually looking to count your calorie intake, the menu lists the caloric value of every item next to it (you might have to squint a bit).*  Opt for the cilantro dressing... trust me on this one!* Odelay, El Pollo Loco has a dollar menu! * $9.99 Family meal deal special going on right now
1	I know this is not standard for all locations but, one of my Employees found a cap in their burrito. Thanks but no thanks.
5	Pollo Loco is one of my favorite fast food places.although its always busy at this location I must say the food is delicious! Yum!their chicken with two sides is a great deal,but my favorite has to be their chicken salads with the creamy cilantro dressing and for dessert a flan.Anyone craving some healthy delicious food should definitely stop by at the crazy chicken;)
1	They are understaffed and the service was terrible. Went on a Saturday night. The teenage kid running the register had way too much on his plate and did not know how to handle the fast paced volume of the restaurant. They seemed very understaffed. After 15 mins, I finally got my food. I went to get salsa and the spicy guacamole and cilantro was completely gone. The salsa bar had not been cleaned in a very long time as there were spills all over. I asked the kid to replace the salsa which was never done or cleaned the entire time I ate. The kid needed help however no manager assisted him even though the line was very long. The people in line after me still had not been served by the time I left and several people were served the wrong food. Not sure how the service is any other night but do not go on a Saturday night, the food was good but the service was terrible. Save your money.
3	This was my first visit to pollo loco and I was really excited to try something other than Popeyes or KFC. I head here for lunch around 1230 on a Friday and I find myself stuck with 4 cars in front of me; sucked but I figured, it should move fairly quickly, this is fast food after all.  This was SO NOT the case; it took me just over 15 minutes to get to my food. The food itself was just okay. My wing was pretty burnt and dry and the breast was good. The black beans, which I was hoping for just some side regular black beans were BBQ! I think they need to advertise this, I don't care if it's their way of doing it, but some people don't like BBQ flavor and should be aware of this. The veggie side was just whatever, not bad but nothing to brag about; glad they didn't load it down with butter! I will consider trying again, but not anytime soon.
5	Had the shredded beef bowl. AWESOME! Perfect rice, well seasoned pintos, tender and lean beef all with a citrus-cilantro-mint sauce to tie it together. Chicken soup would cure the worst of colds!!!
3	I love El Pollo Loco. It is one of my favorite "healthy spots" for lunch. This location i s closest to my house but still far away. So when I go here it is exciting and a treat.This location is not the cleanest, especially the bathrooms. But I am willing to overlook that because I know they are super busy and I have never had a bad meal from here.But when I went for my last visit it was early. I checked their website to see when they opened and it said 9am-11am. I jumped in the car for my mini road trip and when I arrived they were closed. The sign said they opened at 10am. WHAT??? Of course I went crazy in the car, full of sadness and anger. There was no way I could wait over 30 minutes. I just came from the gym and I was starving.I had to leave and go somewhere I really didn't want to go. This is a simple mistake that should not have happened and they should fix right away. Now  I will have to put them on speed dial and call before I come.
2	I did not have the greatest experience at this El Pollo Loco location the other day.  Service was slow.  The floor was stickier and more gross than that of a movie theatre.  I was handed a cup and then told the ice machine was broken.  They did offer to fill it with ice in the back but it seems to me that should have been done before handing me an empty cup.  They did not have any iced tea or horchata from the looks of it.  And the soda was all coming out with little more than water and a splash of syrup.  It was watered down and extremely flat.  This place has really gone down hill lately.  The one saving grace was that they did, infact, honor the coupon that brought me in there.  I received an accurate order and it was good.  Every other part of this place needs some serious improvement.
2	I went through the drive thru at approximately 10:45pm. Keep in mind, I never eat fast food, but I had never tried El Pollo Loco's food before & I heard that there are healthy and inexpensive options on their menu. When I drove up, I attempted to place my order and I must have sat there for approximately 2 minutes before I was acknowledged. After I attempted to place my order, the person at the window answered "we don't have enough of the ingredients to make that dish". I tried to choose another option and was told again "we don't have all of the ingredients". The worst part, was that after I was told that neither of those options were available, he said, "We are closing soon. You have 1 min and 58 seconds to place your order." I was beyond appalled and extremely disappointed. Needless to say, I told him to forget my order and drove somewhere else to get my late night dinner. I added 1 star because I mentioned this unfortunate experience on Twitter and El Pollo Loco promptly replied, which is a plus in my book. Unfortunately, this experience was beyond unacceptable and first impressions last a very long time.
2	Went with my wife thru the drive thru. Got two combos. One was a salad and a drink. The other a burrito and a drink. Not worth the $14. Burrito was ok. Nothing great. Mostly filled with rice. It came with a little bag of stale tortilla chips. Wasn't impressed at all. With other fast food choices available, prob won't choose this one again.
2	Every time I come here at the end of the day, this place never has any chicken. Every single day. Which is why I stopped coming here. Why would I go here if you have no chicken? There is nothing else decent to get. I am giving this place an extra star because when they do have chicken, they are pretty good.
4	I hadn't been to El Pollo Loco for about 5 years, but something drew me to it yesterday. I went through the drive through, which was probably one of the slowest I'd experienced in quite awhile. The food, however, was delicious! Hot, fresh, tasty- I don't know why it took me so long to return!
2	Foods good but service sucks. It always takes no less than 25 minutes in the drive thru every time I go there. The people taking orders in the drive thru, never seem to know what they are doing. Maybe they need new management!
3	S L O W !I like El Pollo Loco, but when I walk in and nobody esle is in line and it takes awhile for the girl at the registure to acknowledge me and longer for my food to arrive...my desire to retrun declines. I'll still frequent El Pollo Loco, just not this particular store.
4	I have never been inside, only use the drive thru. I ordered single combos and have also ordered dinner for the entire family. They have never rushed me through an order or have they messed up an order. Their food is always good and tastey. Very good location.
3	My local Pollo Loco is always clean and cheerful. The staff are knowledgeable and even though they have to offer you desert with every order the food is great. Their tortilla soup is chock full of veggies and bite sized chicken pieces. If you join their email address they send coupons for new items  before the geneeal public gets to try and a free meal for your birthday. Fountain drinks are a plenty and the horchata isnt too sweet. Lastly the salsa var is well stocked with to go cups and lids.
1	NEVER have any white meat available.  ALWAYS out and tell you it will be 30 mins to an hour before they will have any ready.  That IS NOT fast food.  Very poorly run location.  Will not waste any more time with this location.  Too bad, because food (when they have it) is great. - dp
1	Every time I come here at 530 pm there us a 15 minute wait for chicken. Every time. I'm gonna stop coming. For goodness sakes Mr or ms manager put on more chicken. Really you sell chicken!!!
