4	The guys here are pretty awesome. We came in one day, and unfortunately we had forgotten to check the allergy info on line before we came in. The cashier was very helpful, had a pamphlet ready, and actually looked at another one as we checked ours as well, just to make sure there wasn't anything we missed. Thanks for caring!
5	Good food, friendly people, quick service. All the things I like in a fast food place!Very seldom have they botched my order or forgotten an item. When they do, they are quick to correct the problem. Looking for guilty pleasures? Look no further than Jack In The Box for their delicious items.
1	I had the most horrible service possible! The drive thru person Brandon was so rude! After each item I ordered he asked " is that it" you never say that ask if my order is complete or suggest something. Then he didn't verify my order on screen. The total on screen showed 10.78 to pay I get to the window and was asked to pay 13.36?!!! I am pretty sure that is why you are supposed to verify the order! I didn't get a thank you or come again my food was shoved in my face and then he shut the window! I will not return to this jack because of this or any for that matter. Rude employees should be dealt with if I am a bother to you then find another job don't work in the industry that requires hospitality!
2	This jack in the box may be the closest from me, but it's not even worth it. The people who work in the drive through are never nice. Ever. And the worst part about the experience is the wait. It doesn't matter what time of day I go, I always seem to never get out of the drive through under 20 minutes. And when I get up to the window, I except at LEAST and 'I'm sorry about the wait'. Nope! Just rudeness. So if you have the chance to go to another one, you probably should.
1	I would give this place 0 stars if that was an option. I have never had a good experience here! As a matter of fact I have never had a good experience at any locations in tempe. But this time was definitely THE WORST. So I went last night around 3 am so I guess they think because it's that late at night they don't have to provide the best quality. My friend and I went through the drive-through and we spent 20 bucks on food. we got a few tacos french fries stuffed jalapenos Junior bacon cheeseburger (we couldn't get any jumbo jacks because they ran out of jumbo patties)  so then we get home and I open my tacos and it was the worst quality that I have ever seen there was no cheese, the meat was so dry it look like mashed up dog food. Actually dog food looks a little better than what this did. So I had to throw both of them away then I open my stuffed jalapenos and I bite into one so stale and cold the cheese was not melted they were not hot it was disgusting I broke all of them open to see if it was just the one, but no of course not they were all disgusting. so basically I had to throw all of my food away. My friends burger was cold and her fries were stale. The only good thing from this trip was my unsweetened iced tea that was actually made correctly. I will never go to this location again they suck.
