4	I first experiences Teavana a few years ago when my cousin introduced me.  Their Jasmine Dragon Phoenix Pearl Tea (or something like that) is quite good.  I remember buying a canister, throwing it in my luggage, flying home, and finding out that it opened during flight and I had little tea balls everywhere.  This one is in a new plaza called Town Square.  It's in a nice outdoorsy spot and it really reminded me of the kind of center you find in Orange County, only a lot hotter and drier out.  The iced tea from this place really hit the spot after trekking around the shops.
5	Wow. A teavana opened close enough to me that it wasn't buried in the strip. Went there today and got a few bags of tea, and realized how much I've missed this place since the last time i lived near one (in Bellevue). This store is smaller than other Teavanas that I've been in, but they still carry a good selection and still make drinks to go as well as loose tea that they sell. The staff here is really friendly, knows their products, and the prices... well they can be steep on SOME brands of tea, but your average tea drinker who just likes plain things like green tea, earl grey tea etc, will be pleasantly surprised... Brewed tea tastes so much better than those crappy tea-bag boxed brands you get in the store anyway...Will definitely be returning here on a regular basis.
4	Simply the best tea around. Great customer service when it comes to product knowledge and demonstration. The only knock for this place is that it is expensive for a fairly inexpensive product
5	I like this branch because they are very customer service oriented and not just trying to sell products. I like their Samurai Chai Mate and White Ayurvedic, taste wonderful combined with some sweetener.If you like to make tea for 1-2 cups, their Teavana Perfect Tea maker should do the job. I haven't seen any other store similar to Teavana in town, I'm a fan!
4	This was my first time to visit a Teavana store even though I have ordered teas from them online. My DH and I went to Vegas last week and we stumbled upon Teavana when we were walking around the Town Square. I liked this place so much that we went back there three more times so I can buy my teas and canisters.The staff is awesome since I was helped by three different individuals during each of my visits. They are very knowledgeable and were accommodating when I asked if I can smell their teas one can after the other.They also have the most adorable tin cans covered in colorful japanese paper. I bought a bunch of these to store my teas and they look so pretty in my cupboard :)My favorites so far are:- White Ayurvedic Chai + Samurai Mate - a good coffee replacement that gives me a boost in the morning. Plus, the aroma is oh so divine!- Mind & Body - a combination of the drum mountain white cloud white tea, monkey picked oolong and jasmine green teas. Very clean and refreshing. I can usually steep the leaves 3 times before I throw them out!- Sencha Green + Wild Orange Blossom - A very refreshing drink that combines the clean taste of green tea and fresh flavor of oranges.- Tranquil Dream - a chamomile based herbal tea that relaxes me and makes me feel sleepy right after I finish a cup. My perfect drink before bedtime!I'm looking forward to my next visit to Teavana and get some more loose tea leaves to replenish my stock :)
5	I'm not sure if it's because I'm coming old or not but, I would never have thought of myself as a tea person...thankfully, they have samples (samps) outside the shop and I quickly fell in love with the Jasmine Dragon Pearl tea (at least, I think that's the name)...it was like drinking flowers :)I never thought I'd like anything more than Pepsi (ha - yesss, Pepsi!!?!) but, my top top TOP fave drink as of late is their YOUTHBERRY tea. *siiiiigh* In reading the description, it has "anti-aging radicals" --- sure, idk what that is but, sounds useful...lol Their teas have been like........well...like crack for me. Every time I'm in a mall, I want Teavana. I eat buffets and wanna calm my tummy so I want Teavana. I need a caffeine kick, I want Teavana. It's on my brain 24/7. It's kinda bad "/ BUT, GOOD.The service there is unmistakable, as well. So chill and knowledgeable bout teas! It's like I should be in Japan or something...they take their tea THAT seriously.Go see Sonic @ Town Square...he's great :)
5	About the Brand/products (copy and paste this for each location, location specific comments below the line)I LOVE teas and really enjoy teavana. Prices will seem high at first but there's such varied prices from $2- $25 for a 2oz bag that there's a tea for every price range and a style for each person from fruity to herbal and many premium "traditional" blends, yerba mates (caffeine as much as coffees) and 0 caffeine teas for those who can't have caffeine. It goes a long way in whatever teas you get as the 2oz makes for many servings (about 2 teaspoons makes a full teapot for me....probably 20 times) - many teas you can even double steep with no problems as it is quality, flavorful leaves. Even with getting my teas worth out of leaves, people ask me all the time though "why would you pay $18 for your green tea here?" Open up a cheapo tea bag- it's like dust in it....its the dregs of leaves from processing is gathered and are sold as more affordable accessible tea bags. You can taste the flavor difference in quality, drinking bags and leaves side by side. The way I look at all enjoyable, finer things in life- do you want the good stuff or the left overs? It really isnt that much..by ounces of tea the leaves make it comes out about the same as "gourmet tea bags" per cost of ounce. I did the math! It's the same or a little bit more (LOL I'm funny like that, but people ask so often I wanted to KNOW I'm right). Also some people dont realize how hard some teas are to cultivate. It's a BITCH! I read books about tea, tea is one of my hobbies. Simply the work (imagine hand rolling jasmine pearl teas! imagine climbing the mountain side to hand pick baby tea leaves to make white tea) and love make this a beautiful thing worth it's price. People pay for things like bourbon, craft beers (my other drink hobby), but not teas which is more a manual labor of love?  If you also just want a cup of tea they can brew it for you in store- prices vary by tea but a good way to sample some of the pricier teas. There are many free samples around the store too. I get the German Rock Sugar...some people think it's a waste, but for some of the delicate white teas this is perfect, light sweetening. Ice teas and dessert teas though- I just use organic raw turbinado sugar or Australian Honey for a stronger sweetener. Do not put white sugar, they'll tell you this too because it does overpower a lot of teas and the chemicals ruins some tea flavors to alter.Tea accessories- some of the decorative pots are beautiful, but pricey. I love what I have of theirs though. Perfect TeaMaker is a great simple brewing vessel. For show we have a glass teapot for here too. What I love though is the double walled glass tea tumblers. Never gets hot or cold in your hand from the drink. I have small and big ones and I use the big ones even for beer.I've turned many people onto teas because of this place. I patron a few tea shops in LA, but this place i definitely more "accessible"...price and variety wise. I appreciate they are taking quality mainstream.___________Location specific comments- Smaller than the Fashion show one by a bit. Fairly clean but since one wall has glass behind it they should clean up the rows since you can see the back of the shelves as you walk by. Tam is helpful, but not pushy...I think a little less solicitous than the FS team.
4	This place is amazing.  The Pineapple Kona pop tea made me go back in and drop about 100.00 on the Perfect Tea Maker and that glorious German rock sugar.  I may never go back to drinking coffee again.  The blends you can customize and the flavors you can create are delightful.Kellie, the manager is helpful and considerate.
5	Tea! Yea! This place is a true favorite for me, I love a good cup of fresh brewed tea hot or cold. Here, there are many loose teas to choose from, there is a nice booklet that lists all of their current teas, and you can try any flavor before you buy. It's sold by the ounce, so prices vary from a few dollars to big bucks! Choose carefully. If you make a one time purchase of their tin, and bring it back, they will use it each time for your selection. It's a good way to store tea, keeps it fresh! If you haven't stopped in, you are missing a whole experience, they have several brews you can try and the tea sets are amazing. I love collecting tea pots, and they have some amazing ones. The staff here is really friendly and helpful, if you're not sure about tea, just drop in and they will be glad to offer advise or walk you through your purchase.
5	I LOVE this place! I became a tea enthusiast because of this place. They have samples to try outside and the staff here at town square is friendly. I just found out tonight that they have a bar in the back and you can order to go- so I did just that tonight. Love the Samurai Chai Mate and White Ayurvedic :) I may just have found my alternative to Stabucks!
4	Anytime my hubby and I are at Town Square, we make it a point to stop by Teavana. I am not only a huge fan of tea, but also of teapots. I love to stop by and see all the unique teapots they have available. It never fails that while we are there, we almost always pick some tea up to try at home. That is if we don't fill up on all the free samples. Nice thing about Teavana is that if you don't want to brew it at home, you can have them brew you up a quick glass of whatever tea you want! My only complaint is that the staff is so-so. I find that it's hit or miss as to whether you get good service or bad service.
4	If you love tea, this is one of the best places to go for loose leaf tea in Las Vegas. Now I drink about 4-5 cups of tea a day and am always looking for different flavors to try. I easily have 20-30 kinds of tea at my home and office at all times, ranging from black and green, to pu-erh's and herbals.The tea here is always very high quality. Their blends are very well rounded and offer some great flavor profiles. And they seem to rotate a few in and out. A recent favorite I got from them is the Copper Knot Hongcha, which is a bold black tea that you can actually get a second steep out of.I would have given this place 5 stars if the prices were a bit cheaper. Its the only reason I don't go there more often. If I could afford to I would.
4	I am not gonna rant about something I don't know about.  I am not close to being an expert on tea drinks and all I can tell you is I just drink it because I have been told it cleanses your inside and is good for your health.  I usually get my green tea at gas stations or 7-11 and my ice tea with splenda sugar in restaurants, so that's the only experience I have with tea prior coming to this place.I only been here once and I was confused with all the selection.  Not having a tea expert by my side, I just decided to play it safe and just get my usual green tea.  Yea I know I could have asked for opinions or recommendations from one of the employee but I'm a guy.  I'd rather get lost first before asking for directions mentality.This place is all about tea and I can bet there is no other place in Vegas with more selections than teavana.  So if tea is yo thing girl, then bring yo ass to teavana to get your health drink on!
3	I was there for the first time recently.  Yes, they have a wonderful assortment of teas and accessories.  However, I only shop online with this company.  The reason being is that I found the staff to be pushy.  They really tried to up-sell you.  I actually caught the vibe that the young sales associate (at least 10 yrs. younger than the rest of the staff) seemed like she was being pressured into hard selling.  The other sales associates seemed to be a bit snooty.  I had mentioned that I did some research online about their company before coming in and the one who seemed to be in charge said "At least you did some.   Most people that come in here are clueless".  I really don't want to hear negative things about customers.Plus they pushed the air tight tin for the tea on me and I'm having a hard time opening it:-(This last thing isn't as important but just added to my aggravation:  The place is too small for all their merchandise.  This was on a weekday and not too crowded.  I could just imagine how it would be on a weekend.
5	I started drinking loose-leaf tea over the winter this year. Teavana is such a good place to visit because they have lots of samples available to taste, and you can buy a small amount of tea to sample before you commit to pounds of it!They also have lots of tea brewing and drinking gear, like a single serving  brewing mug that drains right into your cup below when its done. The staff is always friendly and very helpful.
4	White tea is always soft and floral. Tasty. Peach flavors and a variety of blossoms.  Their prices are pretty good and you can't find these same varieties anywhere. Cost Plus has things that are similar but not as tasty. I love that they have so many samples. The one thing that I didn't like was being lectured about tea by the cashier. Their blends are definitely one of a kind and are definitely worth it. I just don't enjoy the pushiness of some of the employees.  That ruins my experience. I come in and automatically get this kinda ZEN feeling that overwhelms my body. I'm relaxed by all the tea scents. . . but then this pushy person pops up in front of me and that feeling of relaxation is GONE. gimme a minute please. get out of my face. let me do a lil exploring. THANKS. i'll buy what i want. when I ask for help, don't lecture me. THANKS.
5	Give me the ability to customize my tea, then take the time to steep it to perfection, and I will love you forever. Sometimes, I feel out of place and lost in here because they are what I pretend to be. My passion for tea is minuscule compared to their knowledge, but thank goodness for the employees that are always willing to help.Combining two different teas to create the perfect balance is my mission. Right now, it is all about the citrus and berry infused teas over plenty of ice. The Jinjaa Citrus Twist Green Tea and the Blackberry Mojito Green Tea is a great combination that needs no sweetener. The aroma and subtle lingering flavors dance on the tongue and leaves you feeling rejuvenated. If you are not sure of what you want to drink then you can taste the samples that are out or ask for some help. If you love your drink, you can get some loose leaf tea to take home and brew yourself.
5	Teavana is like my candy store, I walk in and smell the freshly brewed teas, try the samples of both hot and cold blends and I'm in heaven. I am fascinated by all the tea pots and cups, the sets are my secret passion. I guess that stems from my childhood memories of my grandmother, she has a tea cup collection and I remember dusting them, I loved putting all the plates together with the matching cups. I was always so careful not to break anything, but she always had faith in me. My most recent selection of teas is geared towards the peach blends. Anything with peach, and today I was shown some tea that looked like balls of lint, it was Peach Momotaro Artisan tea, a white tea, full of antioxidants and very good flavor. You can actually use the tea "balls" up to seven times before it looses it's flavor. Something good to know, since it's about $18 per 20 oz. I will always come in here, even if I don't need to fill my tea tins! The staff is so knowledgeable and helpful, they offer free samples and love to just chat, makes you feel right at home.
4	Here is what happens when I walk by a Teavana- I try some of their tea outside of their store, I walk in the store, buy what I just drank and walk out with $60 worth of tea.  Yes, its expensive, but its the best tea you will find.  And yes, their tactic works on me every time.At home, I have the following:- Samurai Chai Mate (White Avurvedic Chai)It has caffeine and its kinda spicy?  I love it in the morning!- Jasmine Dragon Pearls (Rooibos Tropica)This is good a night time, because of the jasmine and zero caffeine.- Peach Momotaro Artisan TeaSuper light tea.  It "blooms" at its steeping.I have been on a mad hunt for Matcha Green Tea.  And I found it at Teavana!  Granted, it was $36 bucks, but I didn't care.  I wanted it and was so excited!I also bought the most delicious and absolutely amazing smelling tea: Blueberry Bliss & Pineapple Kona Pop. (mixed together)Are you kidding me?!??!  They had it cold today and holy crap!  I fell in love with the first sip!  This is how good it smells- I had it in my car.  Stopped into Target on the way home, got back into my car and I sat there for a few seconds, admiring at how delicious my car smelled.  I wish it was a car air freshener!  It smells how I imagine Hawaii would smell (since I have never been).  It smells sorta like Fiji (yes, i've been to Fiji) and it's delightful!However, there are a few things that I dislike about Teavana:- All of their tea that you sample in the store has the rock sugar & honey in it.- They make double-batches of the tea so it has a stronger flavor.Meaning: when you get it home it will not taste like it does in the store.Also, I HATE HATE HATE how they try to sell you everything plus the kitchen sink in there.  For example: today, I walked in.  I told the guy that I had been there before.  I asked a question about the Matcha Green Tea, then he proceeded to try and sell me the Matcha Green Tea gift set and then another gift set.  No dude, I just want the Green Tea.  Then I tried the Blueberry Bliss & Pineapple Kona Pop.  I loved it.  I asked a question about it.  Then he tried to sell me a thermos and a canister for the tea.  It was really intense.  Then he took me over to the "tea mixer".  I told the guy the tea I wanted.  Then he tried to sell me a canister to put the tea in.  I told him that I have canisters at home.  He then asked me again.  OMG!  I just want my expensive tea, people!My husband was with me and had no idea WTF was going on.  My husband went to pay and I thought he was going to pass out when he saw how expensive tea was.  haha!  Not being a tea drinker, he had no clue that good tea has a hefty price tag.I didn't realize until today, that you can order tea drinks there!  Next time I am totally going to do this! :)To recap:- Be ready for them to try and sell you all kinds of stuff.- When you buy a tea, buy a canister- it will keep your tea, fresher, longer.- Be ready for drop more than $12 on tea, even for like a "sample" amount.- Try all of the samples they have in the store.  They have hot and cold.  You will be surprised of all the different flavors that they have.I love you Teavana, so you don't need to try and sell me; you already had me at the first sip!
4	The associates at Teavana do know their tea and products. One thing I learned on my trip was that if you keep serving the same type of tea in a cast iron kettle the tea will get better tasting each time! Amazing right! It made me want to buy one right then and there. I stopped dead in my tracks when it was like $100.00. I was tempted to buy it because it was pink with cherry blossoms all around it. It was also their very last one! Oh no ! I fought off my inner shopaholic and decided to think about it. I ended up getting one somewhere else but it wasn't pink. I would definitely come back here because they have a wonderful tea selection!
1	I have been a big fan of Teavanna for years and have brought friends and family to enjoy this store many times.  They usually leave with a purchase.  Shopping here has been such a treat and a very enjoyable experience.BUT lately I feel that I am shopping at a used car lot.  The management push the sales team for higher sales, which I can respect to a point, though its starting to take away from the the beauty of the store.  My last 3 times I bought tea I requested a certain amount of tea and they ALWAYS throw in $3 to $5 more that I requested.  And yeah I could stand my ground regarding the amount of tea I had requested, but really why do I need to continually keep them at bay from my pocket book.  I feel like they are sharpening their knives above me from the moment I walk in the store.  Whether its telling them I don't need a gift set or tin cans.  I have finally found an answer to my problem and its called www.adagio.com.  Fabulous tea, same quality and great prices.  You can even purchase $2 samples.  Teavanna its been nice but I have given up on you!
4	My hubby works at Town Square and walked by this place-he brought home what he clued "the best $28 tea you'll ever have". I said "it damn well better be!"Well, I walked by this place the other day waiting for him to get off work, and was immediately please at the hot tea sample stand,with two varieties, right outside the door!I had both and they were AMAZING.SO now I always drink the one he brought home,its incredible. It always seems to be on sample there. "white ayervedic" something with "samurai" something lol I'm awful with names!Yes it is pricey, yes there are MORE samples to try inside!, and no there isn't a tasting room or a place to order and drink :( but you won't be disappointed if you appreciate a good tea.PS: If you buy, you will get a nifty purple,metal canister with your tea leaves inside. They smell amazing.
3	I like Teavana a lot, but they are like the Whole Foods of tea - pricey!!!  I found the staff here to be friendly and never felt that they were being pushy to make a sale, which is the reputation of Teavana.  They have that famous large selection of teas and will give you a whiff of the ones you are interested in.  Be careful- it is very easy to leave that store poor, what with the price of the tea tins they want you to purchase to carry the pricey tea in. My favorite blend of theirs is the Caribbean Calypso Mate, which I am drinking now.  I also like the current Youthberry blend they are promoting, but like many of their teas it is sugary sweet.
4	If you love tea, Teavana should be a visit for you.I enjoyed walking into the store and sampling all their variety. I love how it's laid out, telling you which tea you're tasting and the facts of that particular one. I'm definitely not an expert on tea, or drink it on a daily basis, but Teavana would be the place I'd come to if I were...Everything you need to brew your own, mugs, teamakers, adorable tea sets are sold right here. What type of tea would you like? They sell everything from herbal infusions, rooibus, Mate tea, black, oolong... the list goes on. One sample I loved was their Wild Orange Blossom. Blueberry Bliss was also yummy. Each tea sampling informs you of their health benefits, if it contains caffeine, even if it's great for kids. I bought the Wild Orange Blossom iced, which was $4.99. It's definitely pricey, but I'll tell you, it wasn't instantly made, so you know they brew it when you order it. Overall, I enjoyed my visit here. If I craved tea on a regular basis, I'd be coming back very often.
5	Do not go in this store unless you are ready for your new addiction.  Wandered into a Teavana store in Seattle about 5 years ago.  Now I have an entire counter dedicated to tea.  Once you try it, you will be hooked.
2	Snooty staffSmall shopOverpriced teaI am not sure what the fuss is about
4	I stopped by here and sampled the White Ayurvedic Chai + Samurai Mate they had displayed right out the door, and wow best tasting, refreshing tea I had.  You'll be hooked and will be forking over alot of your pocketbook once you try a sample drink.Positives:*Nice selection of Green, Red, Black, and Herbal tea concoctions *Their blends are very aromatic *Instructions on brewing tea temps/times are accurate so your tea does not end up bitter, weak,or too strong.*Staff helpful and knowledgeable about their product & health benefits on the various teas.*Store carries everything you need to steep or brew your tea.  Negs*They do up sell and can be pretty slick. you can get carried away real fast after sampling and sniffing the teas. I think I spent over $100 the first time. It was worth it though.*When I was a first time buyer they insisted I needed their huge tin container, buy the pound of tea because you get a discount. etc....in hindsight I wish hadn't bought the large tin, they are too big and take up so much counter space. Better off just using canisters /kitchen containers you can find elsewhere. 1 pound is alot of tea and will probably last you awhile, but take into consideration that shell life/freshness of various teas are different. That's why I prefer to buy loose leaf teas in smaller batches (ie 2oz or 4oz) *As a repeat customer, it never fails, I ask for 4 oz ..salesperson always throws in at least $3 or more worth to that...not a big deal if I was buying 1 type of tea..but it sure adds up if you are buying 4 or more different blends.  Ive learned to be more firm and stick with just getting the amount that I come for.*You will get addicted and become a tea snob .As a whole, Ive had positive experiences shopping at the location.
3	A plethora of pretty expensive teas to choose from...I tried an overly sweet version of their Green tea... I could not finish it... too bad - does not mean that I would not stop by again... your constant companion,~deirdra
4	It was a cold night and I saw different flavors of hot tea samples so being the scavenger I am, you know damn well I took advantage of it!Amazing combination of flavors.  I never imagined teas can have so many different flavors. There were so many to choose from but the free sample that had me coming back for more was the citrus lavender sage.  After my 4th sample of it, I thought I might as well buy a cup of it.  Not really knowledgeable about teas nor am I a big fan of drinking it but this opened me up a bit and the employees were very nice and helpful. Cool people, free samples, good teas, why not......4 stars! There you go my teavanans!Btw, this is my second review of this place and my second time here. Maybe I should start coming here more and lay off the sodas for awhile.
2	Every time I pass this place I try one of these teas and go on my merry way, but I always leave saying, "that was really good".  Now, I'm not a big tea fan.  In fact, I really only like herbal teas and I buy them from the supermarket and drink them when I'm sick.  But citrus lavender sage had me hooked and I had to buy my first tea from here.  I was disappointed by the salesperson who just kind of showed me the two teas that are "married" to make citrus lavender sage, let me smell them, but didn't really answer my questions or give me advice on how best to brew them.  I asked him if these would work well in my Cuisinart single cup machine with the reusable filter.  He said, "yes this will work fine."  I then asked, "do I just brew the two teas in an equal amount to get this flavor?"  "Yes."  I mean, I'm not a specialty tea connoisseur and I could have used a little more guidance.  He then started scooping the two teas, but not before trying to upsell me with a reusable canister to keep my tea fresh.  I refused the canister and he went along his way.  He told me that one scoop, I guess 2 ounces?, was 10 dollars (and I needed two different teas to make this flavor).  So I took one scoop of each in hopes to make 20 good cups of tea at home.  He then overfilled each bag by about 3 dollars (I think this is some sort of ploy to increase sales because they ask you if that amount is OK and you'll likely say yes).  I mean, this isn't the deli where you get an extra slice of cheese and you're ok paying slightly over a half a pound.  When your "cup" of tea that's supposed to cost 10 bucks is 3 dollars over that's pretty significant.  But I figured I REALLY liked this flavor and let's just go with it. Anyway, the teas are really good but I think the service and prices could be a little better... Now if anyone has any tips on brewing my new tea, they'd be greatly appreciated, lol.
4	I have always been happy at this Teavanna, except today. I have a lot of Teavanna Tea somewhere in the neighborhood on 10 pound or so, I am certainly not a tea rookie. I have been to Teavannas in 3 states and have never been put off. The general manager at this location really put me off. She is so loud and boisterous. I actually left and came back the next day just so I could have a different clerk help me. For the tea this is a five star review but for specifically this location for just 1 manager's annoying habits I will not downgrade too far, just give a warning to beware.
4	First time to Teavana.  Needed a refreshing drink on a perfect day in Vegas!  What stopped us were the employees on the outside giving samples away.  They were sampling the Youthberry White Tea.  I was hooked!Went in to get a cold tea.  Came out to about $5.30.  My tea was sweet and berry filled.  I really liked how they freshly brewed our teas.  All their teas came in big canisters behind the cashier counter.  You choose your flavor and 5 minutes later, your tea is ready, sweet or unsweetened, hot or cold.  Super cool.  The staff is super chill and nice, however, the prices in there are really pricey.  Accented tea pots run $100-$200 which is just too much in my opinion.  I understand they're are cast iron, but it's still pricey. Not really a big tea drinker, however, I love the drink menu they have there.  Will be back to treat myself to a refreshing cold tea on another great Vegas day!
4	Quality tea! Many samples and a fantastic selection. I like to ask the sales person to help me figure out good mixes of white & fruit herbals.Be warned: they work on commission so always ask for the minimum or they will pack the bag & you'll spend big bucks!Don't let them take over. Know what you want to spend & tell them your price limit first.
4	Oh my!  I just discovered loose tea and I am now a convert!I bought a 16 ounce contour tumbler.  Then I fell in love with the tea that they were offering outside.  I had to buy two different types of tea to get the flavor.  I also bought two tins and a spoon.  I almost bought some of the cool German rock sugar, but decided that I don't need to sweeten up the tea.The salesgirl was really helpful.  Perhaps too helpful.  It is very easy to spend more than you intend to in this place.
5	Oh Teavana how you satisfy my craving for all tea flavors alike. How dare you tempt me with iced or hot teas! You overwhelm my aromatic senses with your deliciousness. I am addicted to this place! Whether hot or cold me and tea are the best of friends. :)
5	They were doling out free samples of the Youth berry tea and I loved it right away, so I purchased a bag of that one as well as a bag of the Queen Of Babylon White Tea.  I normally don't even like white tea, but this one is just exceptional!My sales person was Ambrose L. and clerk was Donovan W.  Both were friendly, knowledgeable and professional, but especially Ambrose.My only complaint is there there is no Teavana store in Philadelphia, where I live.  There needs to be one in the 19125 zip code...please open one up here :)
3	This is my favorite tea place... but the prices are up there! =( I like this teavana over the one in the fashion show. I feel this one has more of a hipster vibe. The people here feel more down to earth, willing to give you suggestions based on your taste. It just gives me that "SF Mission area" vibe.
1	This rating isn't about the quality of the product, but an out of line, rude, condescending sales associate. I think her name was Amanda. She was pretty, had dark brown hair, and meticulous eye makeup. She told me I was supporting slavery by buying coffee.  ABSOLUTELY. RIDICULOUS. You could say this about nearly everything. Diamonds, whatever. But the fact that she is stupid enough to say this to someone, let alone A CUSTOMER, is in. sane. Then everything she said after was snotty and condescending. LIke her was was the only right way.This girl does not know how to deal with people and should honestly lose her job. I work in sales and customer service, so I am absolutely LIVID after dealing with this ridiculously bratty, offensive girl. Luckily I am never rude to people in retail so I didn't leave the store right there. But I can't imagine if she would have said this to someone else.She should not be in a job dealing with customer service. As you can see, I am still upset about how unacceptable and rude her behavior and tone of voice were.I dread EVER having to go back into this Teavana if she is there.
1	Went there today to get a refill on my regular tea, but they didn't have it in stock.  I asked the clerk to call the Fashion Mall location and after saying she would be glad to, went about helping customers for at least 5 minutes.  I finally made the trip.  Of note the Clark county health dept gives them a B rating!!  My rating is less!!
5	Very helpful & friendly. Great recommendations. I was never a tea fanatic, nor am I now, but this place is great!
3	I purchased 4 oz of two teas they made a mixture sample of outside. Since this is my first time buying from them I wasn't planning on spending too much plus I still had some tea at home to get through. The girl who helped me was nice and explained which two teas they brewed and answered my questions the best that she can. In the end I left asking to purchase the smallest size of each teas and she did not try to add extra weight for her commission.The reason why I'm giving a 3/5 stars is because my husband who was with me felt that they were really trying to guilt me into buying one of their tins. Even when their manager/supervisor implied "if I wasn't willing to spend $6 on their tins ...." implying that I was being cheap not even answering the best way to store it. I know I'm cheap but I'd rather spend my money on their teas instead of their overprice tins.If you left feeling this way just youtube/google Alton Brown's tea episode and it has the best way to store teas/ brew teas.
5	I am very satisfied with the purchase we made. The staff was nice and helpful. They have quality products and great tea samples. Will be back for a refill. Thank you!
5	It's Teavana!! Doesn't get better than this! Huge thank you to Jacob (I think that was his name) for being so wonderful!!!  Nothing like great customer service!
2	My mother's arthritis has been worsening as she's grown older and she was interested in investing in quality, loose-leaf tea as a form of natural medicine.During past visits to the Teavana located in the Fashion Show, we've always been pleased with the clean, bright, and aromatic interior; the friendly staff; and the always yummy free samples. Yesterday we weren't able to drive down to our usual store due to a time constraint and decided to visit the Town Square location. What a mistake. We were greeted and attended to by Courtney (I believe, but she's a blonde, tall, white young woman). At first she had a positive demeanor and eagerly showed us the various green tea tins we requested. Since my mom wanted to try out a small batch before investing heavily in a large batch of green tea, she chose the economic, entry-level option. Courtney's demeanor changed slightly and now she sounded more matter-of-fact. When she pressed for the tin purchase and we politely mentioned we already own tins at home (from tea purchases from other retailors), her sunny demeanor was completely gone. Suddenly, she no longer smiled at us, didn't make eye-contact, and we barely got a good bye when she finished ringing us up. Thankfully, my mom was too excited about her new purchase and the possibility of ache-free joints to notice Courtney's nasty attitude towards us. And I'm glad she didn't notice. Teavana is a quality brand and company. I'll just make sure that when it's time to invest in bulk purchases, we'll take our business elsewhere.
4	Disclaimer--I'm a total tea snob. I LOVE my tea. I love loose leaf, well brewed tea. This place has a great staff that's always friendly and knowledgeable. The store, itself, always smells of the various tea blends they specialize in. If you're new to tea or not a big tea drinker, their selection can be overwhelming. (I'd suggest checking out the descriptions on their website prior to going in to the store just so that you have an idea of what you're looking for.)Anytime I'm in Vegas, I always make a stop to this location to pick up a few varieties of teas to bring home & have always had wonderful  experiences with my purchases and the staff. When I'm not in Vegas, the website staff does a great job shipping purchases to me. This works because the store itself isn't a great place to hang out; it's more of a place to purchase teas to brew on your own. They also have a good selection of pots, tools and materials to brew. During the holidays, they're a great option for gifts for tea drinkers in your life. The thing that some people find off-putting is that their teas can be quite pricey. But, as far as I'm concerned, you get what you pay for. When you're a tea snob, like I am, paying a little extra for divine quality tea is no big deal. (I expect to spend $100 any time I go in.)The staff can get a little overzealous with up selling to try to get you to spend a little more money here and there, which can add up. But that tactic tends to not work with me, since I make sure I know exactly what I want when I go in. Overall, this is a great place. The quality of their tea is absolutely excellent and worth every penny.
