4	I was there for the Grand Opening and it was delightful, this location is in  Cave Creek and with the Sonoran desert as your backdrop how can you go wrong.This was my first experience with raw vegan food, and I must say it was very good.  Raw foods being used for healing the body and gluten free foods to promote health not a bad combination at all. The nutty falafel was with almond hummus was my favorite of all that I tasted. Chef Sara was warm and welcoming to her guest so this event was a hit. I know she will do well with this location.
2	The restaurant has a nice ambiance, the service was good. The night I went they had live music that added to the nice ambiance. I had marinara sauce with zucchini noodles and cheese cake for desert. I felt that the garlic was hugely overpowering in the entree and I generally found it unsatisfying, especially for the price. The cheesecake was pretty good but certainly not worth the price either.  In short, I would not go back as I felt it was overpriced and I felt unsatisfied when I left. I love to eat healthy, organic food but not at the expense of taste.
5	The Wife and I were in search of a healthy and hearty meal on Friday night and we decided to try the raw vegan academy cafe.  The ambiance is very nice and even uplifting.  The walls are painted rich inviting colors and the place just has a nice energy.The food was delicious.  Chef Sara was there herself and you could tell the food was made with love and care.  I had Sara's Salad and my wife had the pizza.  The ingredients were all of very high quality, the vegetables very fresh, and the food was delicious.  In keeping with high quality and healthy food, both my wife and I felt great afterward.The prices are very reasonable for the quality of food you get.  The cost winds up being $15 -$20 per person for a full meal.Reading some of the other reviews, frankly I am a little puzzled.  If you're looking for a bargain and your standard low quality everyday food, Dairy Queen is right next door.  If you're looking for tasty, fresh, nutritious food this place is it.  We'll definitely be back for more.
5	PHENOMENAL. A very creative menu, delicious food, and a friendly atmosphere. I had the "pizza" and my husband had the Chef's salad, which were both wonderful. The best part was the sugarless chocolate pie dessert. I felt so good after this meal, as opposed to feeling a bit sick and nauseous after most restaurant meals. It was very filling and satisfying. I woke up the next morning feeling great too. We also had a long chat with Chef Sara about healthy eating and her diet philosophies, which was quite enlightening.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE. Once you start eating healthy food like this on a regular basis you just can never go back to the fatty, greasy, salty, sugary, unhealthy standard american diet. Even if you aren't a vegan or health foodie, this place is worth checking out as the menu is so interesting and creative. It's amazing what you can do with vegetables!
5	I had a fabulous experience today! Chef Sara was very friendly and super helpful with the menu. She did let us know she was out of some ingredients though and so the menu was rather limited. This disappointed me at first, so I ordered something that would have been probably my 3rd choice. I got the "Rawgasmic" sandwich and let me tell you I was not disappointed in the least! The bread was a amazing and the spreads were so flavorful. The sandwich was topped with so many colorful, fresh organic veggies too. I was completely full and satisfied after eating this. My friend ordered the marinara zuchinni noodle bowl and I swear she inhaled it before I could ask for a taste.I also loved the decor and even took some photos around the place to copy in my own decor. Yes, it is pricier than your average lunch joint, but I'd rather pay extra here than at some second rate chain. Here I know all the ingredients have a purpose and are all fresh, organic and carefully chosen. The menu is so creative and the plate ends up looking like a work of art. So yeah, I'll pay a couple extra dollars for that. I wish I had room for dessert because the dessert tray looked incredible.
5	If you are looking for only raw vegan food, this is your place.  Nothing is cooked, everyhthing is 100% raw.  They offer a variety of creative options from appetizers, wraps, soups, pizza and pasta.  They have freshly squeezed juices, smoothies and a variety of different health shots.  The dessert is yummy as well.  This is a must try!
5	As a resident of WI, I am a believer that every meal requires meat, cheese and/or beer.  And usually frying at least one of those.  WIth this in mind, I truly have no idea why I tried a Chef Sara's Vegan Cafe.  Either way, I am  extremely glad I did.  I have since been back twice for lunch so this review will focus on the lunch options.At face value, the lunch was pricey.  Each entree was $16 so you can plan on spending at least $20 for lunch once you include tip.  But once you eat, you realize that you are paying for HIGH QUALITY food (which I am ok with).  If you prefer a larger amount of crappier food, I suggest Golden Corral.  The food from Chef Sara is outstanding and homemade, and many people don't realize how labor intensive/time consuming creating raw-vegan food is. The price is fair given the VALUE .  And value is clear once you try the food.Additionally, the human body knows exactly what to do with the ingredients, so you are left feeling satiated.  The trick is to eat, then wait about 15-20 minutes before you decide if you are still hungry. I finished eating at 12:30 and was full until dinner at 6:30. Keep in mind I usually eat about 4-5 plates at an Indian buffet and down 40oz steaks like they are SLIDERS.  I once ate 14 HOTDOGS at a baseball game... and yeah, Chef Sara's little sandwich kept me until dinner.  Wasn't expecting that...SERVICE: The service was exceptional, though both times the place was fairly empty, so I was able to talk to Chef Sara personally.  She was very kind and very helpful when deciding what I should try.  THe food was made quickly, I was in and out in about 30 mins (I even took my time eating).DECOR: The decor....well... it is relaxing and all that, for those that care (I don't).  FOOD: The flavor of the food was great.  Nothing was bland.  The rawrgasmic sandwich was flavorful.  The quiche was very dense and filling.  My only complaint was that the quiche had a VERY strong garlic flavor, which was fine with ME....but not so much with the people I had to talk to for the rest of the day.BOTTOM LINE:  Men will like it because you can impress people with how open-minded/worldly you are that you eat raw-vegan.  Plus it is filling and very healthy.  Women will like it becasue of the presentation of the food and the health value. It can be a pricey lunch but the value is certainly there.  I will be a repeat customer.
4	Good service, fresh healthy food, knowledgeable staff and great location.  I saw a small sign for this place while driving through Cave Creek.  I used to live in the area but now live out of town.  I was about to grab some food in town at one of my old haunts when the thought of raw, vegan food was very appealing.  I came in on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch.  It wasn't busy, but there were a couple of other patrons.  I was by myself and couldn't help thinking my boyfriend might squawk at this food decision (and the overall ambiance - too new age-y for most dudes I've dated).  However, once a guy tastes the food, I am sure he would be impressed.  They have a vast menu, but the server let me know what was available (they make everything fresh).  As an appetizer, I had a shot of wheat grass (and the waitress let me know the best way to consume it -- holding it in your mouth and swishing it around before swallowing).  For the main course, I went with the Veggie Burger, which was more like a reverse veggie burger (two raw onion bread patties on the outside and filling on the inside).  I don't like mushrooms so the waitress substituted hummus instead.  The sandwich was pretty large and very filling.  It came with a side of whipped, chilled butternut squash (?) which was delicious as well.  When I was done, Chef Sara greeted me personally.  You can tell that she takes a lot of pride in the quality of her food -- as she should!  If I lived closer, I would definitely return -- especially because I really wanted to try other stuff on the menu, particularly the Coconut Ravioli.
5	A friend has been raving about this place for close to a year, and she recently offered to take me here for my birthday. I figured it would be good, but I also thought it might leave a little something to be desired (that it might not be filling, that all the desserts would taste like a variation on a larabar, etc) I have to say, it was AMAZING! Not just good for raw, vegan food, but some of the best food I have had. I had the Rawgasmic sandwich, and it was one of the those meals where I had to stop the conversation a few times because I really wanted to savor each bite. For dessert we shared the Tiramisu. It really tasted like Tiramisu, only better!And my concern that it would not be filling was not an issue. I ate everything on my plate, but I was so stuffed I was wishing I had asked for a box. I still felt satisfied the next morning, which was surprising since I always wake up hungry, even after I've had a huge meal for dinner.
4	I went here over the weekend with my best friend.  The atmosphere was quiet and cozy.  I have never been to a raw vegan restaurant and was unsure of the food, if I would like it and would I get enough.  Everything surpassed my expectations.  The food was wonderful, and the "dessert" was healthy and amazing!  I can't wait to go back.  Chef Sara was an inspiration, I wish nothing but the best for her.  Even if you aren't vegan, this place is fabulous!!  Give it a try.
4	A lot of choices, but pricey. If you are looking to try a totally new experience, this is the place. The soups are excellent, full of taste and flavor and the hummus is wonderful. I had the raw sandwich which was excellent. It is a little on the pricey side and they only have 1 booster chair, so if you need multiple high chairs, this would be an issue.
1	Very slow service. Was overcharged for clearly marked items by Chef Sara herself, who then couldn't (or wouldn't) print me a receipt after the fact. Really disappointed. The food was fine but I'd never go back based on the level of service I experienced from the chef/owner and the way she talks to her employees.
4	Only eaten here once, but chef Sarah has an extensive menu and is very accommodating about making modifications to suit you.  Will definitely eat here again.This place also has quite a bit of outdoor seating and is dog friendly.
2	I am in agreement with Anna G. below.  The menu is extensive but our choices for the day were very limited as Chef Sara "did not have this" or " was out of that".  It is also way overpriced by about 30 percent I feel.  I took a friend there who is vegan as a way to be thoughtful but she opted not to have anything because of the price and limited availability of menu items.  I settled on a 9 dollar bowl of carrot soup and a jasimine tea. The soup was actually very tasty but I inhaled it and we left.  I am also suprised the cafe has survived given it's hidden locale off Cave Creek Road.
5	2-1-13Incredible dining experience in a meticulously clean and charming cafe.  Chef Sara was accommodating, friendly, and highly informative and knowledgeable regarding a healthy and nutritious life style.  As well, Chef Sara provided a detailed review of the variety of menu options available that evening and assisted us with our selections.  Food portions were generously sized, fresh, and delectable.  A "seasoned" and most talented chef that strives to ensure guests receive an exceptional, unique, and healthy dining experience at Raw Vegan Cafe!
4	The food is outstanding - exactly what 'True Foods' promises to be and is not. Chef Sara is a master with raw ingredients, creating wonderful combinations with subtle and spicy flavors. We ate the Rawtastic Combo Platter Appetizer with 3 dips and kale salad, and a 5-seed cracker that needs to be seen and tasted to be believed. Then we had the Rawgasmic Sandwich on home made pumpernickel and the Falafel Wrap inside Nori - excellent! Get ready for a little garlic. For dessert the Pecan Pie with medjool dates topped off one of the best meals we've had out in a while. All of this is in a cute little place up a hard-to-see dirt road in Cave Creek. Who knew? Word of warning: go early. We arrived at 5:30pm on a Saturday night and they were understaffed to handle even a small rush of a crowd that came in around 6:30pm. Chef Sara is a magnificent chef and personality.
5	We loved this place!  The orgasmic sandwich was incredible!  We loved that we felt full and nourished and - could barely finish our food.  We are vegan and we'd love to be raw - we wish she'd open a place closer to Phoenix!  We HIGHLY recommend this place.  We'll be back.
5	This is the real deal! Finally! A cafe in No. Scottsdale, (Cave Creek), that really does serve healthy food. You can dine on healthy green drinks and smoothies, eat an absolutely delicious raw vegan meal, and feel completely satisfied and nourished, even if you're not vegan or raw.  We love this place for it's ambiance, Chef Sara's energy, and the fresh, organic original tasty dishes. We've eaten the Pizza, Rawgasmic sandwich, quiche, wraps, and chocolate mouse for desert. Everything is so good, you would have no idea it was so healthy!The menu is extensive, so not all items are served every day. Just go with the flow.It's on the pricey side, but remember, raw organic food is a labor of love, and it nourishes your heart and soul. It's worth every penny! We'll return over and over! Thank you, Chef Sara, for bringing this gem in the desert to us!
5	I love this place and the food here is incredible! Although since Chef Sarah makes everything herself be sure to only come here when you have plenty of time! But it's worth the wait!:)
1	Chef Sara overcharged me at the register by about 6 dollars!! I couldn't believe it! Lunch was 18 dollars!! I asked her to print a reciept and she said she "couldn't". What a joke. Will never go back. ALso very big menu but they only have a few select items each day. I also didn't like being preached to while I was eating! Will NEVER go back!
1	So excited to go there for my BDay lunch. Sign on door says closed July & August!!! Really?  No mention of that on Yelp (says it was open) or on their website!!  Understand you need a break but be considerate to future patrons & post it!!!  It is a drive for us to go & it would have been nice to know you were closed!!
4	Had the restaurant all to ourselves last night.  The food was phenomenal - kohlrabi + rutabaga ravioli, the rawtastic sandwich and the spinach quiche.  The crust on everything was unmatched; the flavors really came together well and we were very impressed.As others have mentioned, it's pricey (had two slices of pie afterwards - fig and pecan - which added $20 to the bill ($10/each), which seemed a bit much), but we had chef Sara's full attention.  The service was great, the attention to detail impeccable, and the food really was divine.  I'll be back.
5	What a gem of a find! I'm from LA and came for Thanksgiving to see my family and Chef Sarah has made it possible for me to eat amazing raw food my entire trip. Chef Sarah sits down at the table and carefully explains everything on the menu at this quaint little wood cottage restaurant. I've eaten here for 3 days and loved everything. They even have a greenhouse in the back where they grow sprouts and wheatgrass. Thanks so much for helping me have the perfect holiday Chef Sarah!
2	This place is hilarious! We went with family. My cousins step mom was trying to make sure to include her boyfriend in holiday fun since he is vegan and she did not realize that there was a difference between raw and vegan food. Understandable mistake. Everyone was totally willing to try something new BUT this place is like a bad episode of Portlandia. The menu sounded ok. We were told to sit and the chef would come around and tell us what on the menu we were studying was available for the day. We said ok and started reading the extensive menu. We ordered some tea. The lemon one was great but the Hibiscus tea my cousin and I ordered tasted like we were licking the earth. It was disgusting. So we asked if we could just trade it out for the lemon or if she could just take them away. The server seemed nervous and said she would ask the chef. She came back without asking the chef and said that she would fix the problem by putting coconut sugar in it. We tried it and let her know that it was still just not our cup of tea. FINALLY she agreed we could switch teas. At this point we had been sitting for about 20 minutes waiting for the famous chef to let us know what we were allowed to order off of the menu. Still no sign of her except to ask if the door open was making us cold. We decided to pay for our teas and cut our losses. If you have a craving for raw food, the desire to be in cave creek, and 4 hours to kill this might be the place for you. I will stick with cooked vegan food at Green or Braggs Factory Diner.
5	Seriously amazing. was so completely impressed with food, service and ambiance. Truly is as good as it gets! Getting takeout as I can;t stop thinking about the pesto zuchinini noodles!!
5	Chef Sara's is my idea of the GOLD STANDARD OF QUALITY in The Valley of the Sun. It's that good; as good as gold. And I'm not saying that after a single trip, but after innumerable trips. (Also, I would never consider reviewing a restaurant after a single trip and imagine that my review ought to even hold the weight of a feather in terms of credibility.)  In fact, I'd go as far to say that Chef Sara's is a crowning achievement of culinary excellence in The Valley; using only the finest, freshest organic ingredients, and nothing that has been deranged (i.e. destroyed by cooking it into oblivion). Chef Sara then takes the finest raw materials Nature can provide and she creates truly unique, imaginative, and innovative meals (see pics) like nothing else in the entire Valley!   In fact, the food at Chef Sara's is so energizing, so nourishing, so delightful, that I eagerly make the 50-mile trip, each way, from Ahwatukee with my eyes full of wild anticipation all the way there; and then there's a bright, satisfied light coming from those from same eyes all the way back - as a warm glow envelopes every inch of my soul.  The food at Chef Sara's is the elixir of life, and she does it up right. Every bite, an explosion of joy, an exclamation point of taste, as lustrous as silk rolling across my tongue. Each flavor is a moment to savor. My favorite is the RAWgasmic sandwich, a genuine foodgasm if there ever was one; as each glorious morsel that parades over my taste buds feels as if the bands are playing, the flags are waving, and the fireworks are flying! Though, in my mind, everything at Chef Sara's is first-rate, as if you're eating off a silver platter and drinking from a golden chalice. In fact, I'd say that Chef Sara's is actually everything the more popular and venerated (Un)True Food Kitchen only portends to be. That's because the food at Chef Sara's is actually REAL, authentic, unadulterated, TRUE food.  And while I'm thinking about it, I'd venture to say that "real," in anything, tastes better, looks better, feels better, and is more alluring, captivating, and appealing - to the all of the senses.  If you think about it, people are naturally more attracted to anything that is authentic; more attracted to the simple; more attracted to the healthy; more attracted to the happy! We generally don't like the fake (unless it's fake fur/leather). We don't like fake in people (and all the lies/illusions/distortions/excuses/rationalizations/being emotionally frozen in childhood/etc.), and we certainly don't like the consequences of the fake. Even fake food has to made palatable so its makers can brag about it being "real" and "authentic." It's not. Putting a disguise on something that's inherently phony cannot suddenly make that something "real." My fellow Yelpers, you can't fly like an eagle with the wings of a wren. There's nothing like being REAL. Nothing.And no one does REAL better than Chef Sara. She doesn't need to brag about her food. (Only the fake needs a trumpet to brag about its alleged virtue and quality.) The food at Chef Sara's speaks for itself. And nothing's more REAL than when all the sugarcoating has worn off; when the mask has been chucked aside; when all pretense has been dropped; when all the lies have been untangled; when all the illusions have been stripped away; when the true colors are on display and all that's left is the absolute, unvarnished truth. Chef Sara's is real food; real flavor; and real healthy. Amen.
5	Flavors are amazing and a great opportunity to learn more about food. Chef Sara was very accommodating and interesting.  While the pace is a bit slow it is worth the wait. We will be back. Dont expect low prices and super fast service since chef sara creates everything herself from scratch for you.
5	The most incredible food I have ever tasted.  I took my daughter here for her birthday lunch and Chef Sara greeted us so warmly and her food was fresh, live, vegan.  I had no idea it would taste so darn good. She shared her story of why she opened the restaurant. She really is changing lives. Can't wait to go back and have the banana ice cream. Thank you Chef Sara we will be back.
5	Can't say enough good things about this place. Very much worth the drive, especially if you're looking to cap off a nice hike.  My wife and I wanted to try everything on the menu. Nothing disappointed. The place is cozy and Chef Sara was really cool.
2	I randomly ended up in Cave Creek one day and being vegan, I was very excited to stumble upon this place.  I'm happy to check out any vegan restaurant!  Yes. the food is good.  But for the amount you get, it's really over priced.   Over prices and pretentious.  It's also not too fun being handed a binder for a menu but being told you can only order from the back cover of 5 or 6 options.  The meal sizes are appetizer size at best.  I left feeling so hungry and unsatisfied after spending $15 for the "pizza".   I had to laugh at the Life's Paradox essay all over the walls - they're all misquoted as being said by the Dalai Lama.  The person who compared this place to a bad episode of Portlandia is dead on!
