5	Great service and a great price to match! Don't throw away your money going to a high end salon when you can get the same or even better massage at Massage Envy!
4	I bought a groupon for a facial from Massage Envy and for $40 I got the royal treatment for 1 hour.  This was the first facial I've had so I'm not exactly sure how it's supposed to work, but I thought they did an excellent job.  My expectations weren't very high when I walked into their little business located in a shopping strip in the Park Rd shopping area.  I was quite impressed with the way they maximize what little space they have.Upon entry I was led into a small relaxing room where I filled out my paper work.  Their forms asked specific questions about my skin and what kind of products I use.  They also asked what qualities I look for in an esthetician.  I really liked that they went over what I had written down, asked me about it and then tried to do what they could to provide the type of service I wanted.The lady who performed my facial, Melissa, was great.  She was very knowledgeable and my session was relaxing and informative.  By far the best part of my hour session was the scalp massage!  I would almost pay full price just for that part alone!  Now if only I could train my husband to give a scalp massage like that...I had a great experience and if I find room in my budget I will definitely go back.
3	Love massages. Despise memberships...especially when they try to convince you directly after your massage when you're still in the tranquil-not-want-to-think mode. At least the person trying to sign me up was kind and not too forceful.  The space itself is in a great location. It's well decorated to promote calm. The massage therapist was good, not the best, but good to where I felt a bit more relaxed that when I got there. They offer a great introductory special of $39. If you are all knotted up and could use a good massage, give them a call. Just be prepared for someone to really talk up signing up for a monthly membership at the end.
5	My wife got me an hour and a half massage for my birthday and I went in a little skeptical.  I was blown away with the quality of the message!
5	Tania's deep tissue is heaven - so relaxing and effective - apparently I have tension everywhere! I will definitely be back.
5	This is the fifth location I've been to and this one is excellent!  I got an appointment same day and ended up having to reschedule. NO PROB. Reception was friendly and welcoming, couldn't have been better. My massage was with Ginger, and I've already scheduled my next appointment with her. 'nough said. She was calming and more than willing to work with me on sensitive areas, even gave me some tips on what I can do at home.
5	I went there for my first massage ever recently. I had Tyler and he was wonderful. I was having bad pain in my lower back and I have not had any pain since my visit. It was an overall peaceful and pleasant experience. I left feeling so relaxed and I will be visiting again sometime soon.  Unlike some of the others comments I luckily did not get hassled about getting the membership. They asked me if I would be interested in it and when I said no they moved on.
1	The person who answered the phone when I called to book an appointment was very rude. It made me not want to come to this location and when she said they didn't have an appointment available for the day I wanted I was fine with it and called the Myers Park location. Poor customer service
