4	My office exists in a culinary mine field attacked on all sides by purveyors of fast food crack. You can imagine my surprise then when instead of pizza/french fry/burger smells assaulting my senses they were instead ambushed by the lovely aroma of fresh curry and indian spices wafting from Sree's.Fresh ingredients, vegan friendly vegetarian fair, great chicken curry, and all for about 5 bucks.  Sounds perfect doesn't it.  Well sadly, their naan doesn't quite match the level they have set in everything else.  To me it tasted liked preservatives with the same sorta flavor that you would get from store bought bagels.So skip the naan, but feast on everything else.
5	The staff is incredibly friendly, the crowd is always happy, the food is tasty, healthy, and inexpensive.  I can't ask more of a restaurant.Open for lunch only, Sree's serves four fully vegan vegetarian dishes and one chicken dish daily.  Choose chicken + one veggie or three veggie dishes for $5.The menu repeats weekly; that is, every Monday has the same options, every Tuesday has a different set of options, and so on.  The menu changes up from season to season; currently, the menthi carrots (Monday) and aloo saag (spinach potato, Thursday) are my two favorites.  The food is cooked off-site, and brought into this small space for lunch daily.  Sree and his family have three other locations, including a full restaurant in Sharpsburg.Probably the healthiest, tastiest, and best value in all of Downtown Pittsburgh.
5	Sree's is probably the cheapest place to eat downtown and still feel like you're getting a great deal.  There are lots of cheap places downtown, but they usually leave something to be desired.  Not Sree's!It's $5, and you get Tamarind Chicken(at least every time I've been there, that's the only meat option, but it might change..) a vegetarian option over rice, with a piece of Naan.  The owner (Sree) runs the joint, and he'll tell you what to try and what not to try.  Definitely worth the lunchtime walk.  I only go once or twice a month, due to the real or perceived lack of variety.
3	I started working in downtown Pittsburgh about a month ago and have been looking for a place to grab reasonable lunch when I don't have time to pack.  Sree's fits the bill.I often eat vegetarian and chose to try out three of their entrees.  The grape leaves were by far the best with fresh, lively flavors.  The chickpeas and mixed veggies, while also good, were fairly bland.  I do appreciate that the food is not greasy, many of the other options in Pittsburgh hit the stomach hard with grease.Lastly, and while I hesitate to use strong words here, the naan is pitiful.  It is strikingly food-service-esque.
2	Aww...Mr. and Mrs. Sree, I know that you can do better. I want you to. I was really disappointed to be eating vegetables that came from a can last Monday. It brought back (bad) memories of my mom's pop-open-a-can-dash-of-salt culinary style, or as my partner mentioned -- cafeteria food complete with the no-nonsense service. The green beans were nostalgically plain and the carrots were very oily. The spices were not very distinct in any of the dishes. And the pita on the side was an unwelcome touch. The cost matters much less to me than flavor. I could buy a more satisfying array of canned goods at the grocery store for $5, while I would happily pay $10 for a quality authentic Indian style lunch. I am sure that Sree's is highly convenient for those who work (or live in a box) downtown, and for those poor souls, I recommend that you at least bring your own container to save the styrofoam.
2	I really wanted to like Sree's more than I did.  Ray and I stopped in a day or two prior to the G20 summit when downtown was virtually a ghost town (kinda like a weekend day in Pgh, but this was a Wednesday).  It's a small place in a V shaped building with two entrances.  Ray and I walk in for the first time and no one really is in the spot (again G20).  The tables are on both sides of the building facing the wall with paper towels and plastic silverware, hot sauce scattered around.  There is an extremely pleasant indian lady behind the heated trays who greets us warmly with a broad smile and a pleasant demeanor (this is one of the reasons I wanted to rate this place better).  The meals are very cheap at $5 for the chicken curry, rice and another vegetable (think some type of chick pea).  I also appreciate their selection of drinks which includes coconut water.  I kinda had an idea what I was gonna be in for when I looked at the sad bread.  I was expecting roti or naan, but this was cold semi stale pita.  We have a seat and being somewhat of a curry maven I look forward to a flavorful lunch, but sadly the meat is somewhat dry and the curry lacks any real flavor or spice.  The rice is fine and I've already commented on the pita.  The chick pea side had a little more flavor, but still nothing close to good.  The lady was so endearing that I almost gave the place three stars, however the food really was sub par.  I can only imagine they are specifically tailoring this food to the masses who want cheap food and are only dabbling in indian flavors with the tamed down flavor level.  I probably won't go back.
3	Sree's is a staple of my downtown Pittsburgh lunch diet. For $5 you get chicken + 1 veg or 3 veg curries with rice and pita. While the chicken is delicious and a pretty huge portion, it's a bit greasy so I usually opt for 3 vegetable curries. Of the vegetables, they always have a chickpea potato one plus three other rotating varieties, including -- off the top of my head -- tomato dal, grapeleaves, mixed veg tofu, cauliflower tomato, spinach potato, eggplant. I'm a fan of the tomato dal.  A lot of the curries have a rather sour acidic flavor, but pretty tasty.The pita is completely pointless and you're better off forgoing it (for extra rice if you want). If they had nan I might give it another star.The downtown location is only open for lunch, with very limited seating -- it's mainly set up for quick take-out.
4	If you work downtown, if you're vegan, or if you just are craving a quick indian meal on your lunch hour, this is the place.  It's cheap.  It's fast.  And the food isn't anything to laugh about.  It's not as spicy as I would prefer but I love the price and the ease of being able to stroll in and stroll out in under 10 min.  The owner has always offered advice on what to try if you're new to the whole idea.  This is a downtown staple and a favorite of many downtown workers.
5	Sree's on Murray, by far the best and cheapest Indian food in Pittsburgh. You get a ton of food for a small price. You can't beat it.
5	Cheap vegan fair, they also usually have a chicken option. Drinks are reasonably priced. Pricing is good, food is tasty.
4	I miss Sree's wagon at CMU. $3 for a LARGE lunch: two veggies curries, a daal, and some nan (nan is not the greattest but not bad), and that was in 1999. He made a dish called carrot methi that I have tried, without success, to reproduce, and have found nowhere else. I would usually eat 1/2 for lunch and take 1/2 home for dinner, which...eating largely on $3 a day anywhere is almost impossible.I don't think he had any meat options at CMU, at least not back then.Looks like the prices have gone up to $5 since then- still an amazing deal.
4	Sree's offers an exceptional value. For $5 you get enough food to fill up even a 6'5" guy like me! It is all prepared with quality and freshness of ingredients in mind. Some Indian food is prepared way too spicy. Sree's food is absolutely authentic Hyderabad style, and you can enjoy it without being overwhelmed by hotness! I first went to the Sree's in Squirrel Hill in 1996, now I frequent the downtown location. Another thing that is nice about this place is that it's a family affair. When I went in today Sree's very congenial wife Vydehi was serving the food, her mother was on the cash register and their delightful daughter Sreethanaya was sitting at a little table eating lunch. I highly recommend Sree's - 4 STARS! BTW please pray for Sree. He's been diagnosed with ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease) so he can use all of our prayers. For more information on Sree's visit their website: http://www.srees.com/
4	When I first moved to Pittsburgh and had no groceries and was still grossed out by the perma grime left on my stove from the previous tenant, I pretty much went out for lunch downtown everyday. I am a big fan of Indian food and a big a cheap skate so Sree Foods was a perfect fit for me.This place is no BS and the most unpretentious hole in the wall kind of dive you'll ever find. You go in with $5 and you get a styrofoam container and an elderly Indian lady gives you a big heep of amazing vegan Indian food. There's usually three vegan dishes and one chicken dish. They give you a little bit of all of the available dishes and throw it together in one container. They finally then throw in a piece of naan that is like the Indian equivalent of Wonder Bread but the great dishes make up for it.It is a cash only spot and like I said, just $5 for this daily lunch special, and $1 extra for a pop. One thing to beware of is that they fill up your styrofoam container to the max. Sometimes the food starts to leak out, so if you don't want an unnecessary dry cleaner run, be careful.
3	Sree's advertises "curry in a hurry". The place is reminiscent of an elementary school cafeteria: A small sign with today's options, a hot food line, with up to two people behind the buffet scooping orders into styrofoam boxes, and a cash register. Along the sides, there is bench seating, all complete with plastic utensil holders, paper towel rolls, and squeeze-bottles filled with a delicious and very spicy hot sauce.If nothing else, the place is a bargain: $5 will get you the styrofoam box full of food - be it a large portion of Tamarind Chicken, or a selection of 3 out of 4 daily vegetarian offerings. Along with that, two big scoops of white rice and 'naan'(really, half of a cold white-flour pita).The quality is where I feel really leaves desired, though. The food sits out, the the ingredients often taste canned, or otherwise processed. While the food has more flavor than, say, a Subway sandwich, I feel that as far as Indian food goes it is rather bland, unless you put enough hot sauce on it.Taking this place for what it is, cheap indian food, it is a stop that is nice to your appetite and your wallet. If you don't work nearby, though, it's not worth a trip.
4	For super quick and super cheap Indian, this is it.Best thing: it's $5. I don't mean $5, plus tax. I mean you hand them a $5 bill, take your trough of Indian food, and go on your merry way.Here's the deal:Option One: chicken + one vegan sideOption Two: three vegan sidesAll options come with rice and bread (would call it a "fluffy" version of naan)They also have treats like samosas and byrani rice once in a while.  I guess it's on some sort of set schedule, but I can't remember it (besides, that isn't as fun as walking in to see what they have made that day!)I'm no vegan, but their vegan dishes are amazing (and spicy!)Tomato lentils is by far my favorite
5	Highly recommended, especially for Health lunch! Quick, hot lunch line style menu with 3 vegan and 1 chicken dish to choose from + rice and bread. The food was better than all of the indian restaurant lunch buffets in oakland. Very cheap. I would go back.
2	Its fast and very cheap. I've never had bad Indian food but this was not my favorite. I suspect that the quality of the food varies daily as they have a limited menu. Ill probably give it another try as they may have better food on another day
4	What?!?!  I haven't written a review for this place yet!  I've been enjoying Sree's food for years while working dowtown.  It used to be $5 for a huge portion of food but I think they raised the price to $5.50 plus tax which you still can't beat for what you're getting.  I usually get the chicken and chick peas - always tasty and never disappointed!  The staff including the Sree's are sooooo friendly.  I highly recommend if you are looking for a flavorful lunch on a budget.
4	In the midst of a culinary hell downtown, Sree's shines. Really lovely staff, great food, and extremely reasonable prices. If you like good Indian food, go here.
4	I usually stick to lurking on here, but the food was so good I was compelled to write a review. As previous reviews state, this is solid, cheap Indian food. I had the Chicken and the tomato dal and they were very good. Very. Good. Portions are very generous, the staff is very warm and inviting, and the food has a beautiful rustic, home-made quality. I will definitely be frequenting this place from now on.
5	Fantastic Indian place. Small place in the middle of the Smithfield/Seventh/Liberty triangle. While I normally don't love places that don't label their food, I have to make an exception with Sree's.The ordering process is this: decide if you want vegetarian or meat. Tell them, and then pick a side --- there are roughly (4) and they change fairly regularly.  Don't be afraid to ask what they are. I did.I had the chicken and rice with eggplant as a side dish and naan, of course. It was great!  The chicken/rice was very spicy, but not over the top.  Generous with the portions and very reasonably priced!Definitely will be back when I'm done with my tour of Pittsburgh lunch spots (up to around 50 without repeating!)
2	My star rating is based mainly on the food. It's the poorest quality Indian food I've had in the city. I would call it 'food court' Indian.  The up side is that you get a huge styrofoam container of your choice of two entrees, rice & 'nan' (I think its just heated up pita) and its only $5, worth it. If you are a vegan downtown looking for a quick cheap meal, might be one of only options (besides Moe's & Frankturary) another plus is the service is nice & quick.
3	I have to admit, I thought it was going to be better. At its price it's good,but paying a few dollars more gets you better Indian in PGH. Sweet woman owns and operates the store. But please try it and give her some support
5	Been here a couple more times.Tamarind Chicken is great.  The vegetable choices are basically beans and greens(maybe similar to this [1] for the uninitiated) , chick pea potato, tofu and vegetables, coconut rice, and bread.The service is consistently good and friendly.  The flavors are consistently perfect.The price, under $6 with tax, is outstanding.Love it!![1] http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/Sauteed-Greens-with-Cannellini-Beans-and-Garlic-241906
5	Great homemade cheap lunch. Loved it.
3	This is strictly "ok" place. There's no naan. It's the wheat off-the-shelf pita.  The tamarind chicken was good/better than average (which is why the 3 stars).  The chickpea ("chhole") were a bad average.  Rice was standard (non-basmati). The price was less than $6.  The seating was skeletal (not fancy at all).  I would actually want to give it 2.5 stars.  Definitely not worth the 4-star rating that it has.  It is family-owned so you should support this place.
4	In the landscape of food options downtown, Sree's represents one of the best time/$/value ratios around.Time = Sree's usually has a small line inside, but the one or two staff members always push everyone through efficiently with great service and a very open and caring persona.  Even in the height of the lunch rush, you never have any hidden surprises when you're in need of a quick grab and go.$ = Under $6 for an entire box of quality food...  check.  I can't think of many places that offer you more, good quality food at this price point.Value = Sree's has some solid flavors.  While not the best Indian I've ever had, it definitely delivers in the well-sought after spice department.  I typically order the chicken, and take the staff's suggestion for the vegetable of the day (usually three or four options).  They also offer a hearty vegetarian plate and samosas that deliver on expectations.A few notes...  if you like to sweat (like I do), Sree's has a slow-burn hot sauce that pairs well with everything you can order.  Also, seating, while scarce, does the job if you aren't looking to have a conversation (tables are placed up against the walls).
5	Cheap, quick, healthy and spicy! I've been a devotee of Sree's Foods for almost a decade. When my employer moved to the North Shore a few years ago I've missed my lunch hour visits to Sree's terribly. I now brave Pittsburgh's streets on my bike for my favorite 'fast food'.  If one is accustomed to the oily, creamy, high calorie meals one typically finds at Indian restaurants, Sree's will take some getting used to. Mrs Sree's low-oil vegan dishes with brown rice and whole wheat bread are the healthiest options one could imagine for just $6. I can get 2-3 tasty meals out of one visit!
5	Its as good as it gets.No frills Indian food.  Cheap and plentiful.  Friendly, quick service.  I love this place.  if you are a vegan its perfect for you but the chicken dishes are fantastic also.  Give it a try...at 6 dollars a plate it cant be beat.
1	I am definitely no expert on Indian food, but since this this place serves nothing that even resembles that, I feel qualified to offer my thoughts..  Once you get past the dismal decor of the "restaurant" itself and figure maybe the food will at least be ok, you get a dish slapped into a takout plate by a pleasant woman. It all goes downhill from there.  I ordered the vegan lunch which consisted of Eggplant , Tofu and Vegetables and Tomato and Lentils over rice.  All three were substandard.  The eggplant was ok, but did not appear to be fresh..was visually unappealing and basically not good.  The lentils and tomato served over mushy brown rice (not basmati), was light on both tomatoes and lentils but was passable as food.  But by far the worst was the tofu.  Large cubes swimming in a disgusting broth were like sponges of awfulness.  Biting into one resulted in a gushing of water that looked like it came out of the Ganges river, (thereby establishing it's only tangential connection to authentic Indian food.). Thank Annapurna (the Hindu God of food and cooking),  for the half a slice of whole wheat pita that was laying on top of the rest of this slop.My understanding from what others tell me is there are better things to order on other days of the week. But I don't plan to return ...maybe when it eventually becomes a Subway or Starbucks.   Hoping I don't get sick.Jim
3	I have eaten at Sree's about once a week for the last several years. It is certainly not top end Indian food and there are very few choices. The menu rotates everyday, but most of the options remain the same. Taramind chicken, vegetable tofu, tomato dal, eggplant curry, potato chickpea and tomato cauliflower. Although the food isn't particularly amazing, it is an extremely good value. For six dollars you get chicken, rice, bread and a vegetarian choice or three veggie choices with rice and bread. Once in a while there are special menu offerings such as samosas and an alternative type of chicken, but not very often. To the people complaining, my question is what non-chain or fast food option is available as a healthy lunch in downtown Pittsburgh for six dollars?
3	I know some people are crazy about Sree's, but I ate here for the first time today and I thought it was meh. I like the simplicity - one meat dish, one vegetarian dish, pick from 3 entrees, but I didn't really enjoy anything about the dish or the place. The server was really nice, so that's a plus. I ended up only eating about half of it and then went to au Bon pain for a soup.
3	It is what it is.  Very pleasant Mrs. Sree serves up huge servings of bland indian food and a warm brown pita.  The choices always have vegetarian options, which is a plus.  But it's quick and you can get a couple meals out of it.  I recommend adding on some of the hot sauce from the tables.  One true positive: this is a great place to eat a quiet lunch alone.
1	I don't get all of the good reviews for this place.  This is like Indian-ish food, very bland, visually disgusting, although served by a very nice woman.  I went on a cold day and the heat wasn't on so I had to eat as much as I could while shivering at the table.  2 things that I've never seen at an Indian restaurant--tofu and wheat pita.  The tofu was pretty awful and a piece on naan might have saved the day instead of the dry tasteless pita.   I'd go on but I'm getting a little sick just thinking about it..The 1 good thing is that it is vegan friendly.  But I'll go to the Indian place on 6th and find a vegan option there before returning to Sree's.
5	Sree's is one of those places that I eat at a couple times per month for the past two years.  I usually get a craving, or a co-worker gets a craving, and that craving can simply not be denied!The tamarind chicken with rice (great texture and taste on rice!) with chickpea potato has become my staple order.  Be sure to add some of the homemade sriracha which is fantastic! It's on the long green counter near the register in the nondescript semi-translucent plastic bottle.   I also had the eggplant curry today as well.The included pita is indeed dry and tasteless as others have mentioned, but it serves nicely as a way to suck up the sauces.The chicken is tender and juicy, the chickpea potato flavor and sauce is awesome, and everything is nice and spicy.It's true what others have said that the menu is basically static and that the daily offering is more or less the same.  However, sometimes there are fish dishes, sometimes there are meatballs, sometimes there's an alternative chicken dish (like today).The service here is always friendly and fast and consistent.  I couldn't be happier with the price --- still under $6 including tax!
4	This is a great lunch-only spot downtown.  $6 gets you the daily special (typically Tamarind Chicken) or the vegan option, one of the many delicious side dishes (today was eggplant, last week it was green beans), a heaping spoonful of rice, and some naan bread.  I really like this place - you get consistently prepared, delicious food every time.    Nothing fancy, but always delicious and reliable.
4	My first visit was solid. Tamarind chicken, chickpeas, over rice. Flavor was great and the price was good.
1	What is with the good reviews? I swear this woman must pay these people to write them. The place is discusting. Absolutely dreadful. The place is old and towels hang up to block the mess of the kitchen in the back. The food is in old equipment from the 70s and the owner wears these soft hand casts that look like they havent been washed in years. The bottles on the tables literally have crust on them like they havent been washed and the atmosphere is old and moldy.The food is way overpowered by spices to cover up the lack of quality in the meats and vegetables. I am all for spicy food but I could not even finish my meal. I've gone to this place 3 times now and figured I had a bad batch and that I needed to try other things to figure out what these reviews were all about. Nope! Every time I left dissapppinted. Even the Naan is fake! She buys store bought cheap pita bread. Seriously I'm surprised that she passes the health inspection. If you want good indian food, Id try going to the buffets on 6th ave. Definitely way better bang for your buck. And your not questioning what is in your food.
5	YES YES YES YESOne of my favorite lunch spots downtown.  $5 delicious Indian food cannot be beat!
1	I went to this restaurant once and will never go back. Extremely cheap food both price wise and quality wise. They basically scoop what color food you want out of 2 troughs. I like Indian food. This is very very low quality indian food.
3	$5 you can't beat this place.  You get either tamarind chicken and rice with a vegan side, or three vegan dishes with rice.  the potato with chickpeas is very good.  otherwise, the sides tend to be on the bland side.
5	Mrs Sree now makes fresh of the griddle dosa (South Indian crepe which is vegan and gluten free). Inside for a filling is potato curry and you get a side of coconut chutney and homemade soup (sambar). This lunch is my fav and fills you up but does not make you sleepy. Allthis for just $6, it cannot be beat. I will also go on Tuesday and Thursday for her homemade samosa (pastry with spiced potato and peas filling).This place is the best.
