5	Beautiful decor, beautiful cocktails, great service.  You are going to pay quite a penny for a cocktail but what a great contribution to the cocktail scene on the strip.  Average drink is $16 but when you watch all the steps and care going into each cocktail you see why.  I tried two cocktails, one was called the Tennessee squirrel which was whiskey based and came with a nice cup filled with almonds on top.  The second one was a punch.  Both were very pretty, flavorful and strong.  You aren't going to go sit at this bar and drink all day, but what a way to start a night on the strip!
5	I went to Bound by Salvatore for a late night stop.  All I have to say is that this bar is perfect for me.Lots of plush seating, friendly bartenders and wait staff, very unique cocktail menu, and it's a really great spot for people watching at The Cromwell.Since I like to stay up late in Vegas, my favorite part of their cocktail menu is that they have some really good espresso cocktails!  They're perfect for when you've had a long night on the Strip but want to keep it going just a while longer.The "Never Say Goodnight" --  http://bit.ly/1mn6TUeRed Bull Flavored Espresso, Stole Vanil Vodka, Perond Absinthe, Sugar Syrup and SpicesJust by reading the ingredients alone you can tell this is a serious wake-up drink.  This definitely kept my night going and the taste of this cocktail was pretty good!I will definitely be coming back here again next time I visit Vegas.
5	Loved it! From the decor, to the service, to the yummy cocktails Bound is probably one of my favorite "schmancy" bars in Vegas! Christina was our server and she was so completely awesome! She checked in on us at just the right times, helped us a ton with our drink selection and overall was just pretty great! Oh and I highly recommend the "Spicy Fifty"! I am sad we didn't get to try any of the espresso cocktails but will definitely have to try them next time.Also the location of the bar is good for people watching. Haha! Oh how I love watching girls who obviously are not used to walking in heels stomp around like duckies. LOL!!!
4	Grabbing a pre dinner drink before hitting Giada, this place was the first thing we stumbled upon when we arrived at Cromwell. I like the setup, lots of comfortable leather couches and tables and chairs setup, and it was a great people watching spot.Our server was great, very friendly and accommodating, but the bartender was in need of some serious help. After we ordered, we waited an absurd amount of time for our drinks, and we were the only group bedside a few people at the bar.  I wasn't too impressed with the drink menu, I'm all for hand crafted drinks and mixology, but I feel they used way too many ingredients in their cocktails. For $16 a drink, I better enjoy it.
2	I wanted to like this bar a lot more but I just couldn't. We stopped in here for a quick drink before hitting Gianna's new restaurant. It is beautiful the bar is beautiful the seating with big leather couches is beautiful the menus which look like books are beautiful ( hence the two stars for beauty obviously) but that's about where it ends. My friends ordered several mixed drinks which were about $16 a pop. I ordered a glass of wine along with my other friend who ordered a glass of wine. She got her wine after. About 10 minutes which is ridiculous to wait for a glass of wine that long. I however waited about 20 minutes after the waitress kept telling me that somebody was going upstairs or downstairs I don't remember which to grab the bottle. It was just an American Pinot Noir. I don't know why it took 20 minutes to go upstairs or downstairs to get a glass of wine.  If it were busy maybe I would understand because it didn't look like that many people were working however it wasn't even busy.  I don't think I would bother  with this place.
5	Solid beers on tap (dogfish head 90 min, chimay) great cocktails and excellent service. Thank you Daniel.
5	Perfect location, upscale and comfortable decor and great service.  And the drinks...enough cannot be said.  The Grace was my favorite.  Tried a multitude of others, but lost track.  All were delicious and none were the syrupy sweet that other "mixologists" have whipped up for me over the last decade.  Definitely worth a visit.
5	Well, I have found another bar with great cocktails to recommend and take my friends to along with Vespers.  I was there a week ago on a Wednesday night since I was staying the night for a convention and wanted to give it a try.  It's not a particularly big bar but then again, it's not a big hotel lobby.  It was also fairly dead with only three other patrons at the bar itself and no one in the chairs in the lounge area.  I was greeted by one of the bar tenders as I entered and was given a menu quickly as I sat at the bar.  They had some great sounding drinks and I went with a Spicy 50 first.  Excellent!  A great and unique combination of flavors served in a chilled martini type glass.  They also asked if I wanted a water along with it which I certainly did.  After the spicy 50 a different bartender (there were 3 at this time) asked if I wanted to try something else and I asked for a recommendation.  After a few questions he suggested an Old Fashioned also suggesting the bourbon to use and I agreed.  A different bartender made it and it was great.  I mean seriously it was perfect.  Alas bourbon, whiskey, and cognac all affect me quickly so that was my last drink of the night but it was a great one.  I plan to stay at the Cromwell for Christmas and am looking forward to having another drink in Bound.
4	Right before leaving for the airport to go home, my husband and I stopped by Bound by Salvatore to have a last cocktail.  It was empty in the bar, but it was also about 1pm.  So we had our pick of seat and all the attention of the bartender.The service here was fantastic.  We were given recommendations that were spot on perfect.  My husband got an Old Fashioned, but with a Cromwell twist.  I cannot remember the name of it, but he really liked it a lot.  I picked something called Grace, which was pear vodka, pear puree, and fresh juices garnished with a dried pear and stalks of lemongrass. It was beautiful!  Also delicious, refreshing, light, lovely.Apparently the cocktail menu was designed by Salvatore Calabrese, who is a well-known mixologist.  However, I am unfamiliar with the name.  But he crafted an amazing cocktail for me.  If they weren't all made of alcohol, I would have loved to try several different ones while I had the chance.  The coffee cockails sound amazing!Bar is small, somewhat intimate-feeling, located in The Cromwell boutique hotel.  I highly recommend you stop by to give their drinks a try.  Well worth it.
5	I tried this place out a couple of weeks ago when I met up with a couple of friends from out of town. We were all early to brunch upstairs at Giada's and decided to grab a cocktail and catch up. The bar was pretty empty, but then again it was 11am on a Sunday, so it wasn't that unusual. The drinks were on par some of the best I've had, and that's saying a lot because I'm not a huge fan of the craft cocktail movement. A lot of things are overdone or over the top for the sake of being outrageous, but the cocktails here were refined and refreshing, without being kitschy. I'd definitely recommend the Breakfast Martini, it's perfectly balanced and served ice cold. The prices are on the higher end for bars, but are in line with the atmosphere. Definitely my new go to place for pre-dinner cocktails or just to have a nice sit down and people watch.
5	Very impressed with bound!!!  Had some time to kill before my room was ready and this place was a great way to do it.  The bartenders are very friendly and helpful in finding a drink you will love.  Some times the drink lists at Craft Cocktail bars can be a little overwhelming but with someone to guide you its great.I wish I could remember the name of the bartender that helped me but that was two Vegas trips and alot of drinks back ;)  He really took the time to make the cocktails perfect!!I have been to many bars in Vegas and I think this might be the best!!
5	I went to Vegas for a quick 24 hour trip with my cousin yesterday for the Justin Timberlake concert and he brought me to this fantastic bar. It's definitely reminiscent of Cole's out here in Los Angeles. First of all, the location is great. It's a small kind of chill bar where you can hang out enjoy your drinks and socialize. It's not a lets get so drunk and passed out kind of place. It's a cool social place. Second, and most important, in terms of a bar, the drinks are uniquely created and everything is made in house. The drinks here are definitely art. It's not a vodka tonic or Jack and coke type of place. It is definitely made for you to enjoy your drink. Third, the customer service is freaking exquisite and fantastic. The bartenders are so friendly, charming, very nice and very outgoing. You enjoy talking with them and they're cool people. I enjoyed my talk with Brittany and Armon last night and they definitely seem like two people that enjoy what they do. Brittany made the drink called Grace for me which was heaven and Armon hooked up my cousin with some whiskey cognac specialty that was beautiful to see. You definitely must come to this bar at the Cromwell or you're not doing Vegas right. Drinks are A+ Bartenders A++I can't wait to go see them next time I'm in Vegas.
