1	The following review contains mature subject matter and is suitable for adults only.I went to L'autre Saison on a recommendation from some coworkers, thinking it would be a fine French dining experience... but it was so far from the mark. I ordered their lamp chops, which are supposed to be famous. When they came, it looked pretty good although the lamb was loaded with an inch of panko. Then came the horrific part... while I was taking a picture of my plate, THE WAITER AND OWNER THOUGHT IT WOULD BE HILARIOUS TO PLACE A RUBBER MINIATURE PENIS ON MY PLATE. He said, "Look, it's a male lamb!"WHAT THE BLOODY HELL.This was beyond disgusting. I gave the owner a strong lecture and he apologized; but he didn't really understand, just kind of shrugged it off like I didn't get the joke.Tips: Don't bother. There are some sick and twisted people here.
5	This restaurant was fabulous!First the decor is unmatched - its very classic, mahogany wood, beautiful bar, grand piano, beautiful paintings on the walls etc...The staff and the host are gracious and warm.  They create the atmosphere along with the beautiful decor. My colleagues and I had drinks at the bar, and were served by the charming Mr Omar. The chef was amazing. The rack of lamb was one of the best I have had. We also had some great appetizers: escargots, and grilled mushroom salad. The food was top quality. I was able to thank the chef before I left, and found out they prepare everything in house, including all the meat cuts, fish filets, delicious sauces, and or course all the deserts.If you are in montreal, don't miss out on a great evening at this restaurant!
5	While visiting my friend in Montreal he took me to this fantastic restaurant. The food was amazing, the decor was impeccable, and the service was great as well.The steak that I had was super tender and melted in my mouth, thats when you know its a good place! kudos to the chef :) The next time I visit L'autre Saison is definitely on the check list.
4	Happened by this place with my girlfriend while in Montreal (from NYC). I was actually wet and wearing jeans, but they weren't fussy about it. Super-charming French in a restored or just well-preserved old house with food and service that are frozen in the past (in a good way).
5	Delightful French restaurant with great service. I came here twice, and had the one of the best rack of lamb, and a wonderful grill sword fish as main course. I also recommend the escargot in puff pastry! Quality food, and great wine selectionade this one of my favorite restaurants in Montreal.
5	Great restaurant. Fresh ingredients. Good cooking. Good service (you do need some sense of humor to enjoy, though). Highly recommended.
4	Situated in a townhouse, and decorated in a flowery French motif, we weren't sure of our choice.  We prefer modern and hip, whereas this appeared to be from a bygone era.  We were, as well, the youngest people here (by three decades). With that said, we were more than pleasantly surprised.  The owner (of over 30 years) was on hand to personally serve us.  The menu is classic French, but with a rustic simplicity and slight updating that we truly enjoyed.  We started with the snails in puff pastry to share - which they split in the kitchen without asking; a nice touch of customer service.  The salads, one mixed and one of watercress and endive were fresh, crisp, sizable, and lightly dressed with a cool, light dressing - delicious.  My steak frite was a beautiful piece of richly flavored beef, ensconced in a pepper sauce, with tasty (if not crisp enough) French fries.  We loved every bite!  My wife's rack of lamb, with a touch of mustard and a thin breadcrumb layer on the edge, was spectacular.  For desert, he made a berries bowl for my wife, with just a tad of cream at the bottom - again, great customer service.  Despite the flowery interior and stuffy look, don't hesitate to stop here - it was a dynamite meal!
5	This restaurant was fantastic.  We were in Montreal for a weekend away with friends.  We went on Yelp to find a good place to go for dinner on Saturday night.  After reading the review about the male lamb, we just had to go.  We walked in with nice jeans and dress shirts and the staff gave us no problem (my impression was that most folks don't wear jeans there).  We were seated at the manager's table and he was very friendly and contributed to our great experience.  Everyone got the special lamb dish.  It was delicious.  We had great wine, great food, and a great dessert to top it off.  The physical surroundings are beautiful.  The service is excellent.  The price is slightly higher than I was expecting, but it was worth it.  If you are looking for a fantastic fine dining experience in Montreal, you must go to L'autre Saison!
4	We had one of the most hilarious and memorable experiences at L'Autre Saison. One winter night my two girlfriend and I decided to go for dessert and found ourselves in front of L'Autre Saison. We went in and looked around. Wow this place was fancy! The gentleman at the door asked us how we knew they serve dessert. We said well, we just assumed.So we sat down, and were served tea and coffee, and he told us the dessert menu list. That's right. They dont have a menu per say for dessert. They only know it and can tell you if you ask them. Two of us ordered creme brulee, while our third friend ordered the souffle. When the desserts came, turns our the souffle was a 2-souffle combo! We thought it was hilarious that our friend was now stuck with 2 dessrts, but we all pitched in and helped her finish it. Everything was delicious! When the bill came,  turns out the 2-souffle combo was 40$. It was a shocker alright, but also pretty funny that my friend had just had a $40 dessert. Anyway, the owner kept coming to us, entertaining us with jokes. We stayed late, and the owner brought us shots of warm sambuca with coffee beans in it - on the house. Delicious! And what a nice gesture! You could tell he cared that we had a good time.Good place for a romantic date, or to catch up with girlfriends for sure. 28/30
4	We came here on New Year's Eve and it was an excellent choice. The prix fixe $95 for 5 courses was well worth the price. We had the lamb and surf & turf, both were excellent (filet slightly over done) the lamb was the better of the two.  The creme brulee was  the best I've had.  They had live entertainment consisting of a violinist, accordion player, and guitarist which was an extra nice touch.  The decor was lavish but comfortable and the servers were very attentive.  P.S. As others have mentioned we got a little bit of a look for wearing jeans, however we didn't wanna ruin good shoes/clothes with all the slush and salt!
5	It doesn't get any better than this. If there was a 10 star button I'd press it. The staff and Owner are great, and the food if off the charts. I think I had the best dinner in my entire life here. If you go to Montreal, and you want a nice French dinner, go here.
5	A must see and experience the fine dining with exquisite taste prepared by so far the best chef I have ever experienced in all my outings in other restaurants. The ambiance is defenetly a romantic one , just up my alley ,,,
4	Went here while on a trip to Montreal. The escargot was wonderful,  the lamb chops delicious and the steak decent. Hard to mess a lot of this stuff up. Our waiter was very lovely, though. I would go there again if I wanted to splurge.  The decor was very nice, but cluttered with flags and other strange things. They can't have lasted 40 years without some decent eats, that's for sure.
4	Went here for Valentine's Day. The owner was very accommodating, and the food was presented well (albeit a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for). The French onion soup and oysters were good. The cocktails were nice. The wine suggestions with the rack of lamb and the remainder of the meal was excellent! Very quaint, and chic!
4	Ate there last night. There's an all you can eat sushi place a block away that I like, but it was packed, and the service there is spotty at best. So I walked down Crescent, and had my pick. Almost did the cigar bar. Came upon L'Autre Saison, checked out the menu posted outside, and thought, what the hell. Very quiet, kinda Old World. Sat at the bar. Bartender was nowhere. Waited and waited. Just about to walk out when he appeared. They only have three kinds of beer: Labatt Blue, Bud Light, and Swiss Mountain. Very bad sign. Labatt is just okay, Bud Light isn't really beer, so I tried the Swiss Mountain (which wasn't bad), with a side of Grand Marnier. Ordered the duck breast and some grilled mushrooms. They were out of this world. Their bread was also amazing, and they had some kind of green butter that was good. They also threw some olives at me, and as much as I despise olives, I tried these, and they were actually very good. I ate like an idiot. The veggies and potatoes that came with the duck were also perfect. One word of warning, their version of "medium" means pretty raw, so next time I'll do medium well or better. But the food, the service (once he showed up), and the atmosphere were all grand. I was kinda stuffy, probably from  walking around in the cold of Ste. Catherine Street, and a lady (apparently a regular) noticed, and ordered the bartender to make me up some concoction with coffee and some other bullshit, and it actually helped. I'd already paid and tipped rather well, but I tossed him a coupla loonies for his trouble. The gal and another guy at the bar were actually excellent to talk to. And once again, I'm impressed that people in other countries always seem better educated on current events than Americans. If I can talk da wife into Montreal, this would be one of the first places I'd take her. It's a little hidden jewel on a street otherwise crowded with joints.
5	Returning to Montreal two weeks after my first experience with L'Autre Saison, I went by the day after Easter, and sadly they were closed. Returned the next night, expecting another pleasant experience, and it was even better. The owner, who also works the bar, remembered me, and even what I drank last time. Ordered the filet mignon, medium, and asparagus. Both were incredible. The other veggies that came with my steak were amazing. For dessert, I had the lava cake.   The music int he place is always great. Sounds like something you wouldn't care about, but it's a sort of easy listening yet adult soundtrack, with some classical thrown in. Actually adds to it.   The old world feel of the place is very comforting. I also (once again) met a cast of characters in the place, including local real estate moguls and the owner of the Chinese Orchid restaurant down the street. Amazing coincidence, I ran into THAT gentleman in the airport here about ten minutes ago.       I got to hear stories about the owner from other people at the bar. So not only is the food and service top notch, they attract a very eclectic and interesting clientele.     I had another, slightly lesser dinner with colleagues last night, so I popped into L'Autre for dessert for my last night in town. This time even the waiter remembered what I drink. Had coffee, Grand Marnier, and their apple tart, which was unbelievable.      I travel a LOT. I eat in hotels, dives, restaurants, a LOT. This is my absolute new favorite place in the world. No, not cheap. But very, very, very good in all aspects.
4	Un-be-freakingly good steak. Incredible! Service was a tad slow but I'm American so maybe I'm just not used to French service. I'd definitely go back next time I visit.
5	The table d'hote menu is great, for CA$29 I had half avocado (yes, that's one half of a big avocado) topped off with small shrimps, lamb shank, and desert. The food was absolutely wonderful. I think it's the best tasting French meal I had so far. And the portion size was generous. The foie gras my wife ordered was also fantastic - I decided not to take too much cholesterol but after tasting a tiny bit of the liver I shamelessly asked for more...The restaurant is in a lovely neighborhood. The inside decoration is very nice, although I chose to sit outside, which was perfect for an early summer evening.
4	Our group had the table d'hote as I expect many do. The first courses were all good. Plentiful salads and a tasty avacado with shrimp were both hits.  The lamb shank lived up to its reputation and the grilled salmon wit asparagus was delicious.The dessert was a dissapointment.  After multiple choices for course one and two, there is only one dessert selection but they sort of show you the other menu choices hoping you will add on.  The service was friendly and helpful throughout. Our guy was a pro although he did knock over a couple of things on the table. The only real flaw in the evening was a glass of red wine that can to the table cold. Not chilled - cold. Really?  .
5	My husband and I had dinner at L'Autre Saison this evening.  It was very convenient for us ( around the corner from the Ritz Carlton) and highly recommended by our concierge as well as Yelp.We were thoroughly impressed with not only the elegant decor and ambiance but the service was second to none.  Most importantly however, was the exceptional quality of the food.  For appetizers my husband had the Confit of Duck with raspberry vinaigrette and I had the Escargots in pastry puff.  Both were to die for!  I especially enjoyed the escargots and mushrooms which were finely chopped in an exquisite garlic butter sauce. Truly delish! The portions were so generous, we were completely surprised in comparison to the other restaurants in the area.For dinner my husband had the Surf and Turf. The Filet Mignon melted in your mouth and the Stuffed Shrimp were beautifully done in a scampi sauce.  Both were served with rice and also lyonnaise potatoes as well as deliciously prepared vegetables including broccoli, carrots and squash. Again,very generous portions for the price. I had the "Champagne" salmon poached in a cream sauce served with the same vegetables as my husband.  Best salmon dish I've ever had.  Wish we could duplicate the sauce at home! Our waiter suggested a dry crisp Sauvignon Blanc which went very well with both dishes.  We did not have dessert although we were tempted as we watched all the delicious looking desserts being served to others around us.  Unfortunately we were so full we just couldn't indulge.  The owner was also very friendly and personable too. Spent time chatting with us since it was a Monday night and not so crowded.  This was by far the best dinner we've had during our stay in Montreal.   Wish we were staying longer to go back once more.  Oh well, there's always next time.... And I promise to save room for dessert next visit.  Don't miss the chance to try this restaurant if you can.  You won't be sorry!!!
1	If I could give a negative rating more than this I would.  We were walking by the restaurant and considering whether we wanted drinks and appetizers or just dinner.  We sat down at the bar because we were undecided and asked what kinds of red wine they had by the glass.  The bartender said only merlot and shiraz by the glass (which sort of surprised us - a French restaurant with only two choices of red wines by the glass?).  So we politely said we would just try some other place.  While walking out, my husband suggested we just have a regular drink so we went back in to the bar.  The owner came down and demanded that we "leave his restaurant".  The bartender looked very embarressed and said "he's just kidding" so that's what we thought at first but then he came back to us and said he wanted us to leave immediately.  We were so shocked we didn't know wha to do.  We hadn't been rude or loud at all and were dressed well.  One of the employees walked us out and apologized over and over saying he is leaving the restaurant because this guy is so rude.  Here's my recommendation to the owner - you may have great food (which we never were able to try) but treating people like this comes around to bite you.  We live in Las Vegas and travel all the time, eating at the best restaurants around the world.  We are fortunate to be able to afford eating anywhere we choose.  This owner should be ashamed of himself for representing Montreal in this way.  He depicts the stereotype of a rude frenchman which reflects negatively on a beautiful City.
