4	I swore off Sprint stores after several bad experiences in the Bay Area. After my trials, I I then decided to only work with Sprint by phone or online for any issues that I had. Upon moving to the Phoenix area, I was told the Sprint store in Tempe was different. My opinion has now changed, at least for this Sprint store and the Technial shop next door. I've had to go to this location a few times when my phone was having some issues a few months back. My phone issues were resolved and the customer service was very good each time. The staff was very nice and helpful. A big change from my previous experiences.I went to the Sprint store on 11/27 to combine my plan with my wifes' plan. The store was pretty busy since this was Black Friday. Even with all the people, we were able to meet with a customer service rep within a few minutes and were still in and out of the store within 15 to 20 minutes. I received a new Sprint phone as a gift yesterday and I had to head to the Sprint store to get the phone activated and transfer over my contact list. I was very pleased with the process. The duration of my time in the store was less than 10 minutes.
2	While I love Sprint to death, I am not a fan of this store. I want to bring back the days where I don't have to put my name on some list that shows on a huge screen at the front of the store just to purchase an accessory for my phone because it's not in a place I can access it.. but rather at the back of the store. I want the day where I can ask a question about my account without putting myself on the same list. When I can't find something at the kiosk at Arizona Mills, I have to resort to this store and I can't stand it.
5	This Sprint store is a lot like other Sprint stores but it has better music! Mike S and Chuck helped me transfer contacts from my old Palm to my new Evo and I was out in less than 20 minutes.  With such a simple request, I didn't even have to sign-in and wait. :)They also have a self-serve kiosk so you can quickly pay your phone bill.See ya there!
4	Reasonable wait times, staff is knowlegable and friendly. Do a great job resolving issues and having work orders done on time. Great job.
3	The problem is I was annoyed before I even walked through the door.  It's not the closest Sprint store to me, but I had to drive out of my way to go to this one because it's the closest that has technicians on site.  It's not far, but I passed at least two other Sprint stores between my work and home to get to it.   And in the end, I really drove to it for nothing.Some features on my LG Optimus S just decided to stop working this morning.  Hoping that the issue would just be a button I didn't know where to locate, I went to the store for help.  After checking in, and waiting a few minutes, some one took my phone, listened to my problem, asked for permission to hard boot it if they had to, and told me it would be 90 minutes.  Since there's only so many ways to entertain yourself without your phone or reading materials, I left to run some other errands.  When I got my phone back, it turns out that hard booting the phone is exactly what they did.  Yes, I gave them permission to do it.  But I could've done that myself, and it would've taken a lot less than 90 minutes. They were nice enough to save my contacts and photos and reinstall them, but again, that's something I could've done myself.All the employees are pleasant to deal with, but the store itself is a cluster.  While the check-in process is a nice touch to guarantee first come first serve, there's too many people waiting around to be helped.  The wait time was not atrocious, but If Sprint is going to force people to drive out of their way to get to this specific store, it should be staffed a lot better.
4	This sprint store has a repair section inside. I had to drop off my phone because of a speaker issue. They promised it would be ready in an hour and it was!
5	This is my Sprint store, and it's also a repair store, so how cool is that! I rarely ever have a wait, thought yesterday I had to wait 20 mins, but come on now its holiday season shopping time. Customer service has always been great, never a bad experience with Sprint and their employees. Found out that the issue with my phone was not a Sprint issue but the manufacture issue, but was offered a great deal to replace my phone even before renewal. My csr was Caesar, and he was friendly and very helpful. I just can't part with my phone, I do like it lol and will wait until I can no longer stand it.
1	I bought a new battery here two days ago after they told me that the one in my phone was water damaged. Two days later my phone's still not fixed, and I had to upgrade early. They wouldn't refund the money despite buying an expensive new phone. After being a customer 10 years, that's ridiculous.
1	I took my cousin here to get her phone serviced. The greeter had no idea what he was doing. 20 minutes later we got some service but that was questionable as well.  Instead of replacing the phone they supposively fixed it but guess what......nope!
2	My mom was in town to visit recently, and she wanted a new bluetooth, so i took her to the closest location. Nothing really stood out about this store, extremly plain with little to no product displayed. All the packaging for phone chargers,cases,etc was terribly dusty and it made the minutes it took for the guy to find her what she wanted feel like years. He seemed nice, however she did say she felt pressured to buy right away. Seeing as she was going to buy anyways, it didnt effect her decision to much. We were in and out fairly quickly as there was nobody in there except for five yellow shirts. Maybe one of them should dust? over all easy shopping experience for out of town people, due to low foot traffic and multiple task-less employees.
1	These guys will do anything to sell you one of their Zagg Invisible Shields for $30. When you protest that they're charging you $30 for a little piece of plastic, they tell you, "Well if anything happens to your phone, you'll get another one free of charge." WRONG. My phone was stolen and I did not get a new Invisible Shield free of charge, but I did buy one online for $4 including shipping. I took it to the Sprint store but they refused to put it on for me. And this after making me wait to talk to a rep. They told me I could return the one that I had bought online and buy one from them and they would put it on. These guys ONLY care about their commission. I'm also sure they get a commission for selling you insurance for $11 a month but if anything happens to your phone, you still have to pay $150 for a new phone, which they tell you "may be a refurbished phone". Save your money. You can buy a refurbished phone on Amazon for $125. The insurance is a total rip off. I am happy with Sprint as a carrier but I would not buy a phone from a Sprint store in the future. I think you can get much better deals at Costco, Best Buy or Amazon.
1	I have been having connection issues in Tempe for 6 weeks. I've been told time and time again by reps that the "towers are being upgraded." I thought going into the store and speaking with staff for more information would be helpful. Not only was the sales representative rude, the manager refused to meet with me. She had the rep tell me that she "was going into a meeting and I could come back tomorrow." I'd made an appointment online prior. Unbelievably bad service, never mind a breach of contract. If the phone can't make calls because your towers aren't working, I will not be paying for the phone. I am very disappointed in the lack of customer service from a company who receives more than $1500 of my money a year.
1	Hour wait when I had a reservation. Only two salespeople on the morning of a new phone release. Are you kidding me!
3	Real slick Brittany! Brought my iPhone 5s in for their buyback program. ($300). Was told by sales rep. Brittany, only half of it can be applied to my bill and other half must be for acessories that can only be used right there right now. I thought it was a little fishy, but she said it with such confidence. Even said it'll be like that also if I did it online. Online said nothing about half must be for ascessories. Ended up going thru with it anyways cos I did needed a few things. Went home and googled it and found out my suspicions were true. https://community.sprint.com/baw/mobile/mobile-access.jspa#jive-discussion?content=%2Fapi%2Fcore%2Fv2%2Fdiscussions%2F172537How you gonna lie to me Brittany!!! Giving it 3 stars cos staff members were friendly and attentive making sure when people walked in they were checked in to be helped. ( got kinda busy ) Just don't like being misled. Especially from a corporate store. I'm glad you got your commission off me :)
