5	Lee Asian Bistro is a new place on Monona Drive in Madison that serves a mix of Vietnamese and Chinese food. I went the other day and had the Pho Tai. The meat was very thinly sliced and the broth had a very nice flavor and wasn't overly salty. The portion was a good size. In all, I'd have to say this was the best Pho I've eaten in the Madison area. The restaurant itself is very nicely decorated and the server refilled my water seemingly after each sip.
2	My boyfriend and I go to Viet Hoa the Asian market next to Lee's, so we had been curious about Lee's for awhile.  We decided to go there one day before grocery shopping and found out that we've only been waiting to get disappointed.  First, we ordered the thai tea and some fried dumpings.  The fried dumplings were fairly good, but nothing that stuck in my mind.  The thai tea was absolutely terrible.  I've had some very bad thai tea before, but this was just beyond that.  It was very watered down with no flavor.  Where on the other hand thai tea is suppose to be very sweet and have a lot of flavor, so I don't recommend trying your first thai tea there.For our main lunch dishes I had the Kung Pao Chicken and my boyfriend had the Peppered Steak.  The dishes weren't the worst things I've ever tasted, but they definitely just reminded me of the typical low quality Chinese food.  To be honest I've had buffets with higher quality dishes.  We didn't try any of the Vietnamese food there, so I can't judge that, but I definitely don't recommend getting their Chinese.
4	Just got home from the Bistro.  We got the calamari, (not so much) and the pot stickers (they were pretty good) for our appetizers.  We had the Thai Hot Pot for our entree.  This EASILY feeds two people, for only $10.50.  It was very good, and we will be going back, and having it again.
4	It tastes better than the typical asian takeout. The green curry chicken is unique and deceptively hot but in a very tasty way. The avocado egg roll is a nice change from the typical appetizer. I may not know authentic but I know tasty and a good price so this is my go to for take out.
4	I just found this place a few weeks ago, and love it. I've been there or ordered pick up 3 times. The food is much lighter then the normal Chinese food you get at take out places. Their sweet and sour sauce and crab rangoon are the best I've ever had. I also had the Mongolian triple wonder which was really good. They also send out coupons in the mail and come in the monthly Shopper's Edge magazine. I didn't give it five stars because I like to be tough. However, it's the best Chinese I've ever had.
5	Have been to Lee 2 times now and super impressed both times. Blows the doors off other "chinese" restaurants around here in all aspects. First, the place is clean and tastefully/simply decorated. It won't win any award for decor, but thankfully you don't feel like your sitting in a chinese trinket shop. Also to their credit they use their exhaust hood and are not inundated by the smell of grease, nor did I feel compelled to rinse a grease film off my body once I returned home (take note China Inn: Cottage Grove rd).  Service is superb...prompt and very friendly (in my experience the friendly part is usually non-existant in most Chinese restaurants) and went out of their way to welcome you in, not to mention the waitress who wasn't even ours yelled out "good by/thank you" as we were leaving.  On to the food...long story short...I have a fond and vivid memory of pot stickers from a restaurant in Chinatown (San Francisco) in 1989. I have tried every pot sticker from every Chinese Restaurant for 20 yrs and never had anything close to those I remember...well, Lee Asian Bistro....ya did my heart good! You nailed those beautifully and to perfection!!! The dough was paper thin, the pork was a tender dollop, they were lightly braised on one side while the other was unfired but cooked so that the dough was done through. My search is over! I have been telling my wife about my SF pot stickers for years now and I am sure she is glad she wont have to hear about the mythic pot stickers anymore now that Lee is around! The entrees on both occasions were also excellent. I normally NEVER order beef from Chinese restaurants as its usually nothing more than pulverized piece of something that was once considered beef. However both times I have been to Lee, I have ordered a dish with beef. It is actually a tender and nicely cooked slice of beef, free of gristle and strings! If you know what I am talking about...you will appreciate being able to now order beef from a Chinese restaurant. To compliment the dish the veggies are fresh, crisp and were not overcooked....you could actually taste the individual flavors of the veggies which is also refreshing for once. Also, the sauces on both dishes...1 had a light brown sauce, the other was a curry. Both were so nice. The brown sauce was light and not over sweet, the curry was nicely spiced and light as well...they most definitely did not overpower the dishes and only added to the dish to make it whole. All in all I highly recommend Lee Asian Bistro!  Well done Lee !!
3	Service was good, decor was nice, food was mediocre. Nothing to shout about. I liked that they have a large selection of different beers and wine which you don't find at too many Chinese places. Don't order the hot & sour soup if you're looking for something flavorful and spicy. Their version is more like egg drop soup.I'd probably give it another shot but wasn't too dazzled the first try.
2	We ordered a couple items for takeout - Goi Cuon (Summer Roll 2), and Lap Kai (chicken salad).Both dishes were basically meat and lettuce and sauce.  The summer rolls were shrimp and pork, equally flavorless (but not bad), wrapped with lettuce and rice paper and had very boring grey peanut sauce.   The Lap Kai had a nice spicy sweet & sour sauce with sliced red onions, but the chicken tasted like it was boiled and the veggies was just green leaf lettuce.  The ground rosted rice was just average steamed white rice.If you've never had chinese and/or don't like your food too spicy or too much flavor, you might like this place.  Otherwise I'd try somewhere else.
4	Got the groupon based on the reviews and because my husband loves Chinese food.  When we drove in on a Saturday night, it was pretty empty and in a strip mall and we were immediately a little worried.However, as soon as we got our food we were totally amazed.  First, the food comes on really beautiful plates and bowls (a nice treat).  The portions were HUGE (my husband and I could have easily split one entree and probably fed the kids on it, too - all for about $10).  The food was INCREDIBLY fresh and delicious - not your standard chinese food takeout.   I had the sweet and sour soup which was filled with fresh veggies and not overly thickened.  Perfectly spicy and it was only $2.  I also had the chicken "healthy choice" and my husband had the Sezchuan Duck which was not overly sauced but perfectly tender and flavored and came on a plate of vegetables (rare with a meat dish at a chinese restaurant).Kids had fried rice which my son promptly exclaimed was as good if not better than his standard takeout Chicken Nuggets (that's a big statement for a picky 6 year old). Service was friendly and excellent.  I didn't give it a 5 because the flavors weren't unusual, but for a Chinese restaurant, this is our new go-to.
2	Very poor service.  Orange chicken was just chicken nuggets with a little sauce that didn't taste like orange.  Way to much breaking. We took friends and all were very disappointed in quality.  We ate here when it first opened and it was better.  Sweet sour soup was OK someone said.
1	Worst service and food I've had in Madison for a long time.  Ordered one of the house specialties, and asked for medium spicy.  Also ordered spring rolls.  The first plate arrived with my dinner - totally bland, so sent it back.  The new attempt was better, but not anything to write home about.  And dinner arrived just before the spring roll appetizer.  Never got the 2nd beer that was ordered.  First time here - probably the last.
2	Lovely decor. If only the food was as better. This place service a lighter version of Chinese food - not so greasy and heavy in salt and sauce. The pot stickers were good.  Tried the a vegetable stir-fry with the brown sauce and seafood with broccoli in the chef's white sauce. They were good but nothing special. The best part about these dishes was the ingredients were better quality than other places. The beef lo mien was disappointing - dry, lacked flavor, and the beef was chunky not thinly sliced and need more marinade. The service was OK. My DH was quite annoyed at the staffs noisy chatting in the back like an outdoor market place (why do they talk so loud?). Maybe it was just a bad day so when I went to Viet Hoa Asian market with my mom I gave it another try, ordered different dishes hoping for better but unfortunately it was more of the same so-so, sub par results. The place is beautifully decorated with sound dampening ceiling panels (a real plus), and an impressive kitchen. Now, if they can just whip up some better dishes and distinct flavor....PS. My experience was from two visits 2011. I was in the mood to write a review so thought I just do a few others while I'm at it. I just noticed they've closed - not surprised.
