5	AMAZING PEOPLE! They provide great services in grooming and boarding, and today they just warmed my heart. They donated their time to help an abandoned dog, on a holiday no less. If your looking for exceptional care and people to groom or board your loved furry friends, Planet Petopia is it!!!!!
1	I recently moved to the neighborhood and was looking for a new place to board my dog.  I found Planet Petopia and scheduled a visit to examine the facility.  I visited with the owner, and toured the place before agreeing to board my dog.  I left for vacation and boarded my dog for four nights, when I returned, what I first thought turned in to the worst experience I could have imagined.  I took food and my dogs dog bed for him to lay on instead of the filthy freezing concrete floors.  When I arrived to pick my dog up, the dog had not been fed one bite of his food, meaning I have no idea what he ate for four days, but his bed also was missing from his kennel.  In his kennel there was nothing, he had nothing to lay on.  I then realized the reason he had nothing to lay on was because his bed had been given to another dog to lay on while he was left a cold concrete floor with nothing.  In addition, I had asked that my dog drink only from his water bowl I provided, as that is the best way for dogs to transmit illness.  When I picked him up, his food, his water bowl and the few treats I provided were sitting on the same shelf they were the day I dropped him off...they had not once been touched.  So let me explain in detail what I paid for.  I paid for my dog to be thrown in to a filthy kennel with a freezing concrete floor, he was fed either 1) nothing at all or 2) some cheap food; he slept for four nights on a cold filthy floor while another dog lounged in his bed, and he drank from water bowls every other dog in the facility also drank from, which means if any other dog had worms, etc. my dog was exposed as well.I washed his bed now twice since picking him up, my dog still will not lay in it.  My dog hid in my spared bedroom when I brought him home because he was so timid from the boarding at this place.  My dog is a 12 year old dog who literally is thrilled with a milkbone, a tap on the head, and his bed.  I don't treat my dog like some spoiled child.  So when I am writing that this is the worst boarding experience of my life, I am doing so so any of you considering this place realize how utterly awful it was.  My dog would have been better off staying in my backyard for four days.  Dogs at the pound are better cared for than they are at this place. If you care at all for your dog, this is the last place you should consider taking him.   When I realized my dog's bed was in another dogs kennel the owner looked at me and said "Sorry".   I don't know what the other two reviewers here on yelp experienced, but if you want to take your dog somewhere that he will be thrown in any random kennel with a freezing filthy concrete floor and fed who knows what, than this place is for you.  I care too much for my dog to subject him to this terrible place ever again.
5	This place has been bumped around to several new owners/management and I HOPE the newest crew is here to stay!I've been boarding my insanely aggressive English mastiff here for years and have seen all the new tenants; some good, some terrible. About a year and a half ago Tiger went for a stay and the new tenants at the time promptly told me upon pick up that he was a terrible dog and he was banned from the place unless I agreed to have him in intensive one on one training for his stay next time. That being said, I did everything I could for him to not go back.. Until my husband and I got married a week ago. I called to see if the people would even accept him (and how much the stupid training was going to be) and was relieved that new owners had taken over. The lady I spoke to was super kind on the phone. My husband and I dropped off Tiger with his bag of toys and the owner had us lead him back to his kennel since we know he's aggressive around new people. I was shocked when she led me to a suite! Immediately I asked how much more this would be.. She responded "Same price! I hate to see the big guys in the smaller runs, it's not their fault they're big!" I was floored. He had two 10 x 10 rooms with clean water and kibbles waiting, two elevated beds stocked with blankies (and then she went to retrieve MORE blankies to cushion up the beds!) and then he had a clean outdoor area to relieve himself. These accomodations were SO much better than the 3' x 10' cement run he'd stayed in times past. I typically leave the place feeling guilty that my dog will be miserable, but this time I was pretty confidant he was going to have a blast. Upon our return the owner reported that Tiger had been a perfect angel. People had gone in and out of his suite with no issues whatsoever and she had even treated him to some peanut butter in his favorite toy. When I went back to get Tiger I was greeted by a bounding excited, happy boy, and his kennel was spick and span clean. I'm SO SOO incredibly happy with the new owners of the place. They seem to truly love dogs and go out of their way to make sure yours will be happy and comfortable. They also help out a local rescue by providing low cost board and assistance with placement and foster.. Good karma all around. (The NEW) Planet Petopia easily gets 5 stars and beyond!
1	I had shopped around for a boarding facility for my dog. Found this place, went in for a tour loved it, it was clean and people very nice! I made the appointment for drop off signed all papers needed-- VERIFIED my drop off date 3 times because it was Memorial Day. The morning of the drop off I called numerous times with no answer, went over there sign said CLOSED!! We had a trip plan to leave in 3 hrs an in a last moment I had to find care for my dog THANK GOODNESS for Petsmart doggie hotel!! I left messages with each phone call an never got a response?! So seriously is there people there with the pets?! Petsmart was AHHHMAZING an guess what EVERYTIME I called someone answered an they didn't leave me hanging!!
1	I'm only giving one star because Yelp makes you and, well, my rescue dog is still alive, so I guess I should be thankful for that, right?Wrong!!On Saturday, July 19th 2014, I brought my current rescue foster to Planet Petopia to look into the boarding services they offered at their facility. The people there seemed nice, albeit Barbara seems to get annoyed if you ask too many questions or give too many directions concerning the care of your pet(s).Speaking of directions, according to the dreadful condition my rescue dog was in when she was picked up after just seven days spent at this facility, on Saturday, July 26th 2014, my directions concerning her care were not followed.My partner retrieved my dog from Planet Petopia and brought her back to our home for me to prepare her for a home check with a potential adopter. Upon entering our home she was very happy to see me. During our initial round of hugs and kisses I noticed I could feel her ribs and hip bones so I put her back down on all fours to have a better look at her.After closer inspection I discovered the following:1. She looked emaciated. I could see her ribs, hip bones and shoulder blades. Her face also looked sullen.2. She was dirty and smelled musty and damp.3. Her skin in all of the known "allergy areas" was bright pink. Her feet, around her nose area, her eyes were red and her skin was just completely irritated. This leads me to believe she wasn't being fed her sensitive skin and stomach food I provided. Which leads me to my next finding 4. As I was emptying her bag I noticed her favorite toy and blanket were missing. Instead, my partner was given a toy we had never seen before that was unfit for any dog to begin with. I don't think she was ever given her blanket because she has callouses on her legs. It seems as if she spent a good amount of time laying on concrete.5. Returned to me were 4 out of the 6 cans of wet food I provided for her, along with an almost full container of kibble. Due to her allergy attack and rapid weight loss it is impossible to tell if she was fed a different food or even fed at all.After a few moments she began to cough. At first I paid no mind. When she went into a coughing fit and spewed out white foam and mucous I became worried. I offered her eater and she refused. She went and laid on my couch and napped. I thought maybe it was indigestion or the heat so I let her rest. When she woke up a little while later in another coughing fit I contacted friends. The general consensus was kennel cough.Today, Tuesday, July 29th 2014 I took my rescue dog to be seen by a veterinarian and she does, in fact, have kennel cough. Along with her ear infection returning, having a fever and being dehydrated.I do not recommend boarding your pets at this facility. The people there seemed nice enough and their two children are adorable, but they do not care for animals properly and your pets deserve better treatment than they would receive there.
1	I would not pay to even board a flea here. I took my precious baby, Chloe here while I went on a business trip.When I returned, Chloe was skin and bones. She definitely was not fed properly or even got any kind of attention as her kennel was disturbingly dirty. It was disgusting. Also, I had a friend visit while I was gone and he witnessed employees kicking kennels where the dogs were barking. Oh yeah, guess what the icing on the cake is? Yup, Chloe is sick. Has some thick drool from her mouth and discharge from his eyes and nose.
