5	Awesome Service!All of their products are human and pet safe!Friendly technicians that are very knowledgeable and willing to explain every detail.I can pay as I go, no automatic withdrawals , I just write them a check when they come out every other month. They'll even come out in between sprays for a touch up if you need it at no extra charge.Bug Free is the Way to Be!
5	We've used Defense Pest Control for the last 6 years. They've always done a great job and been willing to go the extra mile for us. We highly recommend them to anyone in need of an honest, reliable pest company.
5	I used Defense Pest Control for 5 years and loved them.  Very professional, knowledgeable and helpful. I moved and was taken in by a smooth talker from another company that promised the world for a better price.  I signed a contract and could not wait to get out of it and go back to DPC.  I will never be fooled again.  So glad to back with Defense Pest Control. They do a great job and I highly recommend them.
5	Well, I have never been more prompted to write a review for a company than just now! I literally just hung up the phone with Ryan at Defense Pest Control after an incredibly genuine and generous conversation!  We all see hard times, and currently, with my husband and I's recent transition out of the military, funds are pending in some areas and we got a little behind. I was afraid to call, because you never know what response you could get nowadays from businesses.  I briefly informed Sara of our dilemma and she, without a hint of judgement or hesitation cheerfully stated she would forward my call to assist me. Soon after, I reached Ryan, who was so kind and so understanding.  Very calmly asked what worked for me and my family and how I'd like to go forward with payment and future sprays.  I literally was overcome with gratitude and tears in my eyes from how genuine and generous Ryan was.  What a remarkable company! I know we are not just a number to them... we are a real family and were treated as if an extension of their own!  Thank you so very much to you and your staff for understanding and working within our current limits, Defense Pest Control.  I am beyond impressed...
