4	I ventured here yesterday on the fly, needing a quick and easy haircut without an appointment.  My hair, being thick and at times unruly, demanded thinning, texturizing, and a graduated bob.  Roya delivered on all three.  For $23.99, I received a shampoo and conditioning, cut, blowdry, flat iron, and style.  She was quick, exact, and delivered the exact look that I wanted.  This was a haircut/service that I would have easily spent $80 for in a salon.I was impressed to find that Fantastic Sam's provides waxing services as well.  For younger girls they do feather and tinsel extensions, and full color and highlights is available starting at $39.99.Throughout my haircut, I observed other staff members cleaning the salon, and was very impressed with the overall cleanliness and appearance of the location.I will definitely return here, the average cost of a haircut being $17.99 here and the work that my gal performed absolutely excellent!
4	For the price, how can you top this place?Me:  buzzcut.The wife:  hair colorThe price: about $75Now, you'd think that a chain would be mediocre.  However, this place offers great quality hair services.  My wife was left with a little bit of a dark line at the top of her forehead, but her hair otherwise looks good.  We've been here several times and have always been pleased with the results.  We think you will be too.  Skip the fancy salon for once and give them a try.
5	The staff here are all friendly and professional my favorite stylist is Chanelle she's amazing and very talented,  I recommend you go in and see her. Salon is very clean.
5	I love this place. Good prices and good service. I've been going here for a year or two for haircuts, color and eyebrow waxing.  My favorite stylist is Carl. He is awesome! He does my hair perfect every time. I love that when I get home I look freshened up but I don't look like I just got my hair cut. Does that make sense? It does to me and that exactly what I want.  I have gotten a bad hair cut there before but the girl no longer works there and wasn't there for long. Carl is amazing!! Go see him!
4	My wife recommended me this place, due to constant complaint of not having a good barbers place here is phoenix. was very skeptical in beginning, but every time I went there the experience is not bad for a chain. There are really certain amazing stylists and they do a good job. Started to like the place and a regular for past couple of years
4	I have been extremely happy with every cut that I've received at this Fantastic Sam's. The salon is always clean, stations are clean, stylists are friendly and have always been receptive to my questions and helpful with choosing a style.  The stylists that I use are experienced and have solid training. I started having my hair cut by Roya several years ago. Went in once when Roya wasn't there and was seen by Debbie Bell.  I've been going back to Debbie ever since. She's great, always talks about a style first, gives great scalp massages during shampoo and I always leave with a fantastic cut. Today I brought my daughter in to have her hair cut. She donated 10 inches to locks of love a few months ago at Dolce Salon. The stylist at Dolce butchered her hair. When I was talking to Joseph, the stylist at Fantastic Sam's, I told him how unhappy I was with the Dolce cut. He evaluated her hair thoroughly and said that there were a lot of technical issues with her cut and found 1 inch cut errors throughout her hair.  Joseph did a great job with my 11 year old daughter. Not only did my daughter receive a great cut, Joseph was friendly and personable to an 11 year old. Nice guy, experienced stylist. I have since learned that Dolce hires apprentice stylist.  I will never return to Dolce for a cut.  Don't let the price and atmosphere of Fantastic Sam's fool you, they are great at what they do. I used to pay so much for a haircut......Affordable, friendly, walk in service.
1	So decided to get my hair done here and im thinking 13 bucks not bad but lets see how they do .. um no this place suxs ruined my hair and the owner monica is rude as well. I do not recommend this place at all to future customers and future employees
5	Great service. Fanny did a great job on my hair and gave me great tips on how to keep my hair healthy. Great experience will keep on going back for my haircuts!!
5	Carl gave me an awesome cut and cute blue highlights! Great atmosphere with the light banter between staff... made the time I spent not only worth it for the price and quality but for the entertainment too!
4	Today I saw Ken for the second time. The first time he put highlights into my hair, which I loved, and today I came back to trim my original style and get a little bit more of a dramatic cut.  I love the style and I am coming back to Fantastic Sams.
5	Kent is great! I've been going here over a year now and have never been disappointed. As soon as I walk in I give him my full trust and my hair has never looked better.
