3	If you're looking to get a sub sandwich & you're thinking of going to Subway, give this place a shot instead. While it may be a franchised place, when this Lenny's Sub Shop opened it was the 1st time I'd ever heard of the place, & it blew Subway out of the water.The subs are not only much larger, they're also much tastier. You get your choice of sub options & can add several different options to these selections, much like a Subway. But everything just seemed much fresher than a sub from Subway. The inside of the place is also much more inviting than Subway, where I usually get the feeling they want me to take my sub home & eat it. Lenny's has a good amount of inside seating, with a couple of tvs to liven up the place. The patio area is also nice with some umbrella covered tables. So Lenny's may be a franchise sub shop just like Subway, but I'd suggest this place over Subway any day. Their prices may be a little more expensive, but you're getting a fresher, better tasting sandwich.
4	This place is awesome.  The prices are a bit higher than a typical chain sandwich shop but they make up for it by pilin on the meat.  They actually slice the meat right in front of you.  And when you get the toppings DO NOT FORGE the pickled chili sauce.  Sometihng like that, I dont' remember the actual term they use.  It is one of those sweet type of hot sauces that just go so well with the sandwich.Also, do not be fooled.  A "regular" is actually almost a footlong.  The large is just enormous, like a party sub from Subway.
5	I think I just discovered the best Italian sub sandwich shop in Charlotte.  Hello capicola!  Ham is one of my favorite things in the world and they pile it high here.  It's a step up from Subway but not as expensive as Jimmy John's.  They even have their own brand of chips!  Clean restaurant, nice bathrooms. Closed on Sundays! - I'm getting used to it if I'm shilling out five stars anyway but I'm sticking to my guns because they're worth it.
5	I love this place! I miss it too! I actually had to ask them to put half the meat on my sandwich than normal. I always go Turkey, hold the cheese, Xtra Lettuce and Banana Peppers - they make it just so how I love it!
4	I'm fairly new to the Charlotte area and have been trying places out in NC based on my coworkers' reccomendations. This place was a big win.I had the Chicken Philly Cheese steak. Regular. Chicken was a tad questionable, but I understand why it was cut the way it was cut. Also, the bread and everything was extremely fresh. Their red pepper chili sauce is fantastic. It was a great experience and I'll be back for sure.
3	Higher quality and better taste than Subway, perhaps not as good as Firehouse or Quizno's. You want to be sure you're hungry, because the large is massive - it's a good 20 inches long and piled high with meats and veggies. One of these is enough for even the hungriest dude.A reasonable selection of sliced meats, but maybe not the things you might get at Quizno's. The focus here is on sliced to order deli meats. I didn't see chicken on the menu, but there was chicken and tuna salad. I also didn't see options for the vegetarians that wander among us.Would I return? Maybe.
3	Subway + Meat + Meat + Meat = Lenny'sAnd that spicy pepper spread gives it a leg up on your usual sub shop. Lenny's is among the small group of mediocre restaurants in the neighborhood. It's a good deal, but unfortunately all these meats + spreads just adds up to tons of calories. One sandwich packs in 800 calories, so if you're watching your weight then get sandwich boards which are half the calories (and probably half the size). But if you're hungry, you won't be after this.Note: they have wheat bread too!
4	An extra star just because of the stellar customer service. People here are SO NICE it is unbelievable.Note: place your orders via phone if you wanna go in and out fast.
4	I have been to this Lenny's about 10 times since I started working in the area. Fast. Friendly service. Fresh food. This place beats Subway hands down in my opinion. I have been when the line is almost out the door and been ready to eat in about 5 minutes. The staff is friendly and helpful - they want to get your sandwich right. The bread, meat and toppings are always fresh. I have not had a bad experience.Since I stopped drinking soft drinks, my only disappointment is that they charge .25 for tap water.Try the pepper relish, it rocks!
5	I have been there twice since i have moved to the area,  and the subs are great,  there isnt a comparison between lennys subs and Subway....  The people are friendly,  The only thing that i thought was a little too much was the music was a little loud...  but other then that,  its a sub shop that will be hard too beat!
2	I went to Lenny's for lunch in search of something light but satisfying.  I ordered a turkey and provolone sub.  Their sandwiches taste identical to ones you could make at your home, but with a much higher markup.  In my opinion, Harris Teeter's sub sandwiches, though still not the best, are bigger, better and cheaper.Their "assembly line", if you will, is very inefficient.  Whether busy or slow, the line at Lenny's only moves as fast as the slicer (a person, not an automated machine) can slice.Though I didn't try their chips, my coworker complained that their cheddar and sour cream chips were far too salty.At over $6 for nothing but a half sub, Lenny's provided me with a filling, underwhelming sandwich that I wasn't necessarily displeased with.
4	Lenny's Sub Shop is a clone of Jersey Mike's.  So if you like Jersey Mike's, you'll probably like Lenny's.  In my opinion their subs are better because the meat is sliced fresh.  The staff here is very friendly and they aim to please.  The price is the same as most other sub shops.
4	I love Lenny's!  My old office was down the street so they pretty much know me by name there and already know what I want!  What I like most about Lenny's is that they cut the meat fresh right in front of you.  They have pretty good bread and don't forget the hot pepper relish sauce on top....mmmm.  I'm definitely a condiments girl and they know to hook me up with everything except the olives-gross.  The people that work there are really nice and seem like they are having a good time, unlike the people at subway that look like they would rather kill you than make your sub.
5	Love love love love love this place!Best subs Charlotte. I like the Italian and the Meatball.
4	I have only been to this place twice. All I can say, is that they service the best black bean burger I have ever tasted. If the rest of the sandwiches are even close to the burger, we are all in a good place.
3	Stopped in one day to try this place, yawning...  Not that the sandwich was bad,  but there was nothing special about it.  I actually wished I  had just went to subway in Walmart for a sandwich,  or perhaps my palate is just accustomed to subway
4	Best sub shop in town. I was it was closer to my house. I've never been disappointed when eating here. And bc of Lenny's I will never eat subway again lol
3	This place is trying really hard to be a cross between Jersey Mike's and Jimmy John's, but needs to work on the "FAST" part of their slogan.  Still better than Subway!
