5	Founderie is a find: run by a friendly low stress gal with great taste, and featuring a nice collection of prints and fashions by local designers, the biggest draw here is the designer vintage: Fendi, Yves St Laurent, Burberry, Hermes and more at prices that, if you know how much some places in LA and NYC charge for same, will make your jaw drop.
5	I live in the neighborhood and feel really lucky to have a store like the Founderie down the street from me. Gen, the store owner, makes you feel right at home (an awesomely decorated home with a huge closet of clothes!). It's easy to spend an hour or so trying on clothes and chatting with Gen and the other folks that come in to shop. I also like that she supports local artists-- look for cute postcards and prints for sale amidst the clothes, shoes and hats! The clothing at the Founderie varies in style but is always considered and curated to perfection in the store.
5	Love this place. The service is friendly, helpful, and upbeat, and the selection of clothing is ever-changing and wonderful to explore. There is a fantastic mix of unusual and unique vintage, retro styles, timeless classics, smashing evening wear, and fun casual items. There is a great selection of designer pieces at excellent prices (e.g., a YSL blazer priced at $40). Founderie also is known for unique accessories and carefully curated home deco items. The decor of the store is a lot of fun and kept me exploring for well over an hour, stumbling over amazing and inexpensive finds. That being said, the shop is far from being cluttered and is a fun and comfortable place to root around in for an hour or two. WORTH IT!
5	As I barely walked in the shop, I immediately felt that the atmosphere was very soft and intimate, compared to the rural feel of the boulevard Saint-Laurent. The music was very nice.The store was adorable! It was well decorated with unique vintage stuff, confortable sofas and racks with tons of adorable clothes. There was even a cute (but broken) typewriter to add to the vintage decor.The clothes were very well maintained and organized, compared to other crazy, messy thrift stores. They were also affordably priced. (I was shocked to find a 100$ sweater... Until I saw it was a Betsey Johnson sweater!) There's so much warm and confy wool sweaters that make you excited to wear then in the winter - even though you're in the middle of summer.The employee was very nice and polite. Didn't make much conversation but it didn't bother me.Definitely returning there - especially for the sweaters!
4	Amazing prices and very cool vintage wear are only a couple of things offered by Founderie. With its original and vintage-y feel the store could easily be confused for a shop of 'dernier cri' designer clothing, yet to your astonishment you will find that it is all second-hand clothing, hence the unbeatable prices; it may be used clothing but nothing about it indicates it. It was honestly great find and it is a place that I will be definitely be visiting in the future!
5	Fantastic little shop. I bought a light corduroy jacket and a blazer for around $50! Both items were great quality. Friendly shop owner gave me recommendations for other bars and venues around Montreal.Great service. Would recommend to friends.
