4	Oh man oh man, this is a hidden, don't know until you order a pita from here. It rocks, a lot. The pita I got was beef, I meant to order the Gyro which is the traditional beef and lamb and it looks like the one in the picture but I was so damn hungry I forgot. I got a side of onion rings instead of fries as a test to see if it was on the menu because it was good or just on the menu but no one ever orders it, yes I trick these places to get the best reviews for my faithful friends online at Yelp. The pita bread was soft and thick more like a greek pita you get at a restaurant, grilled and soft. There was beef steak, not just small chopped up steak and the lettuce was shredded and tasted fresh. The key to this was the Tzatziki sauce, tangy, thick, not runny and not salty, just cool flavor. I wanted to eat another one right after I finished but got it to go and realized that I was in the living room after inhaling the pita with no regards to my surroundings, it was that good. I would like to thank the owner and the pita guy too, they were super chill and friendly, not that the place was shady, but it literally is a hole in the wall that you pass by while saying "another shishtouk place" woohoo. You actually will be saying woo f$^%ing hoo after having one of these bad boys.
5	I really give this place five stars but since I only order the same thing each time here, I have to leave the other yelpers to round out the ratings should you think it's just hyper-bowl. Tiny place, you are not coming here for the decor or atmosphere (it's a hole in the wall void of all pretention--however the  teevee only ever seems to show full length motion pictures--so some thought has been made) just the quick turn-around perfect for a take-away. However, I prefer to hang out and share a burger with onion rings with my gf, and take in a quick ten minutes of DIE HARD 2 or 3  AMOGOS.. I share with my gf--the portions are so generous, and the treat so guilt-laden, that this makes the perfect treat before grocery shopping.(Never shop when you're hungry) I come here alone and it's more than enough. Just don't tell the owners (onion ring count: 15 to 20/beefburger cooked to par with delicious trimmings).The service is friendly and neighbourhoody, their clientele frequent enough to ensure steady freshness  and it's obviously a family affair which means it'll be around for years. As I said, I am a burger and onion reviewer in this city, and I have to say price-wise, this is one of the best kept secrets. As for the other stuff on the menu, over to you!
4	The biggest problem with Pitarifique is knowing what to order. If you like good, mom-and-pop greasy spoon, you'll probably like everything on the menu.The menu can be broken down into about four different things: burgers, subs, pitas, and greek-style plates.The burgers are all around solid, whether you get a single, a double, or either with bacon or cheese. Their subs are everything a greasy spoon sub should be: very generous but not so greasy that the bread turns to mush.The pitas are pretty much souvlaki inspired, coming in either grilled chicken or gyros, and served with a generous portion of tzatziki sauce, and wrapped in a thick, fresh greek-style pita.And the plates, well, I've never had one, but I figure that if everything else is a 4/5, then they can't be all that bad, either.The atmosphere is very greasy spoon, though, and space is very limited, so I'd recommend either getting it to do or calling for delivery.
4	Pitarifique Magnifique!I went to this place 3 times in 4 days (yes too much red meat to go with too much alcohol), and it was worth it each time.  I was completely blown away that Montreal had this corner shop that was never packed, but should have been.I can only comment on the burgers as that is all I had.The burgers are absolutely delicious, and whether you get 1 or 2 patties, add bacon and/or cheese...the quality doesn't change. I got the bacon cheeseburger, a double bacon cheeseburger, and a hamburger (not all at once!).  Granted, the double was wayyyyyyy too much food for me, I was able to save it for later.  They are big patties and the buns are fantastic and, while it's kind of greasy, it's not enough to make it soggy like you'd get at 5 guys or something.  The fries are crispy and delicious, and you can turn it into poutine, which isn't that bad either.They have either tap soda or you can pay $1.35 extra and get a Stewarts glass bottle soda - the obvious choice.  The atmosphere is more take-outish than eat-inish, but there are a few tables and stools where you can eat and enjoy watching people walk by. You can watch them make all your food, the gyro meat is cut off the spit like you're in an authentic greek shop, and if you get the item you want "all dressed," it comes with lettuce, tomato, onions, hot peppers, pickles, and ketchup with their special sauce.  By the way, the special sauce is spectacular!I got a bacon cheeseburger trio (fries + drink - I substituted Stewarts +$1.35) for about $8.50.  You can't beat the price for the quality in Montreal, let alone anywhere else.If you're in the Montreal area and are going down St. Laurent toward Mont Royal, it's on the corner of Rue Rachel and St. Laurent across from Patati Patata.  You can't miss it, and you absolutely should not miss it!
5	Just wanted to say they've moved to the corner of Rachel and St-Laurent, much bigger establishment, and all signs show the expansion hasn't hurt their attention to detail. The new premises has been totally refurbished, making use of this excellent location where you have a panoramic view of this vibrant intersection. The previous business totally underutilized this gem of a spot, whereas Pitarifique capitalize on the location in every sense. You can look out the window at any given time and see groups of people from every social standing doing their rounds. My original review of the food still stands, except to say the Teevee tends to be on all sorts of channels these days.
4	Ye!!!! finally something new to talk about! It has been a while since I have discovered anything new worthy of reviewing, but now it is with pleasure that I shout out my new favorite steak sandwich place.  The cost is 10 dollars for a large (which is easily 2 " foot longs"), and in our last order we tried the cheeseburger at 4$. So now we know it is cheap, but is it good?  Well the hubby said his burger was good, but the reason for this review is the Philly Cheese steak sub, I am now addicted!  The bread is warm and fresh, the meat is flavorful and juicy, the lettuce shredded perfectly, and a nice big piece of  tomato....is your mouth watering yet, mine is..., not sure what the cheese was and it doesn't matter because it is melted into the goodness, and finally a perfect garlic mayo  that just takes it to the next level.  I will highly recommend them, I will be a regular customer, and I am thrilled to share and get the word out.FYI I have been not yet stepped foot inside as I have had these loveley morsels delivered by someone else, but I will be checking it out to see what other gems they have in store on the menu.
5	There's nothing bad to say about Pitarifique. Their food is incredible, the prices are reasonable and the service is exceptional. BONUS: if you're craving a souvlaki platter or their Montreal-famous Philly Cheese Steak, but don't want to trek out to them, their delivery service is super speedy. I've been coming here since it opened, and don't see an end to this in sight.
5	Super comfort food at a great price!speedy deliver indeed and friendly service as well..their steak sub and hamburger,fries and onion rings are top notch!we will definitely be ordering from them again soon.
4	Came to this place for lunch one day, looking for something good, comforting, cheap and fast and I got it... I ordered the gyro wrap with just a drink and it was very filling!A couple of things that would have made my experience better... 1. I was asked if I wanted "everything" in my pita... It was my first time there so I didn't know what "everything" included... Listing the filling options for the customer would definitely show more attention to detail. 2. When I got there the place where all the empty plates are placed was overflowing. It definitely needed some tlc... 3. And lastly... this might sound funny but I don't like their exterior signage! lol... am I the only one who finds it hard to read in the daytime... red letters on wooden panels?! Simple white lettering with a black outline would have sufficed! Or not... I'm no expert, just visually challenged I guess.I don't mean for any of the above to come off as negative comments, I would definitely return to this place and if you're in the area you should check it out too.
4	Yumsies yumsies yumsies! I asked the owner what he recommended and he asked me if I was hungry to which I replied, 'medium', and he told me to get a pita... I got the gyro assiette and it was HUGE! And the best part is, you can get a cheap pint o beer when you spring for the platter so life is perfect in there, folks! They fill your plates, give you beer, and the food was really tasty! The taste surpasses the quality you would expect based on the decor so it was a tres pleasant surprise!
5	Had the authentic gyro plate with a drink for $13. Huge serving, real meat, not that processed lamb you find at some places in Montreal. My only complaint would be the sour cream in the plastic cup, I was eating in and would have liked something a bit fresher to slather my food in.
4	If you want cheap and easy food, this is the spot.  They offer a ton of different items like Mediterranean cuisine, burgers and local favorites.  I had to have the poutine and it was very good...a nice big portion of fries, rich gravy and tasty cheese.    This spot is cheap and casual and perfect for good, no-frills food.
5	As tourist in Montreal this week, we have been trying to find the local hot spots. Yelp brought us to Pitarifique. This place is great! Great prices, delicious food and quick. Even got to try poutines for the first time.
4	Why does the United States deprive us of poutine? No, cheese fries with gravy =/= poutine. I crave this stuff on a regular basis and tracking down poutine is the first thing I do whenever I find myself in Montreal. Pitarifique delivers! Then open early and don't close until midnight, so while they can't satisfy my after-bar drunk poutine craving, they can help out a deprived American during normal hours. Their pitas are tasty as well, I'm a big fan of their tzatziki sauce. A perfect little hole in the wall, awesome food, huge portions, I wouldn't say come out of your way to come here but if you're in the area it's a solid little spot.
3	Gyro is very good as well as the soulvakiPrice is very good, very inexpensive.
5	Pitarifique is fast efficient little restaurant with all your typical Montreal fast food options (pizza, poutine, pita, subs etc).  Food is made right in front of you and served just the way you like it. I ordered the gyro and I enjoyed it. I'm really happy I found this little spot and look forward to trying new things.
