1	HORRIBLE Move out experience. We recently moved out of one of their properties, we completed the move out checklist provided by Shannon Day including professional carpet cleaning. They went ahead and redid the services again using our deposit despite the fact we had already done it and having them acknowledge our receipt. They essentially screwed us out of 800-1000 bucks and told us to take the home owner to court if we had a problem with it. We do not know the home owner or his address, only have his name and they will not give us the information. They claim they are not involved, but I guess we will see what the judge says about it. STAY AWAY from their properties they screw you on move out. I have never once failed to get my deposit back, we left the place in good condition considering the age of the house, it was not very clean when we moved in.
1	Worst experience ever with this company!!At first our Realtor did all the research necessary to get the process started with this company that was managing a property I was interested in.  My Realtor covered all the basis and advised me to submit my applications ASAP.  I did as I was told and submitted my application on a Tuesday.  I received confirmation that our applications have been paid for and submitted by the receptionist.  I was told to wait 24-48 hours with a decision.  After 24-48 hours went by I received no phone call yet so I decided to call in.  I was told that my applications came in after someone else, although, I was told everything was okay on the Tuesday when I submitted the application.  Had I known someone submitted their app before us we would not have submitted our application as we know that in many cases per our Realtor many are approved.  I contacted our Realtor and she was clearly upset with the situation as she must have been told otherwise. My Realtor sent me an email from the management company saying that we submitted our application on a Wednesday.  Clearly this was a lie because I was down there on a TUESDAY and submitted and received a confirmation receipt that day, I had the proof!!  I am a very laid back and very understanding type of person, but when it comes to being lied to or mislead that is one thing that I do not tolerate at all.  They tried to back track and say "Oh you have to many dogs" and the CC R's or HOA does not allow for that many dogs.  My questions is to them when I submitted our "PET APPLICATION" why was this not told to us in the beginning?  I as well as my Realtor told them how many pets we had.  Very odd, but its hard to fool people who document everything and record everything in our own files.I am not here to say DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THEM AT ALL, I am here to hopefully encourage the creation of a solution to prevent these kinds of things from happening to someone else. I am happy to say "once a door closes a new and better one opens!!"
1	My husband and I should have known that the application process was the first sign that this was not the place that we should do business with.We worked with our realtor and we found a great property that we were interested in, and was told to put in the application right away. We drove down to the office to turn in our application in person, on a wednesday afternoon at 4. The place was a ghost town. We tried calling the office, and knocked on the office door and no one was there. They do not have business hours posted on their building or website, and were under the assumption, from our experience with other realty companies, that they would be open until 5 pm. We called our realtor and he was puzzled as to why they would not be there. He got a hold of the lady that runs Shannon Day and she told him that their hours are 9am to 3pm Monday -Friday!!   I do not understand how one expects to have a successful business when your hours are 9am to 3pm.Come to find out that she is the only one who runs the place and is almost impossible to get a hold of. Our application was accepted, although it took almost a week to get an answer back, we also have no idea the name of the owner or where he is located.We loved the property, and decided to give it a shot and move in. We gave them our deposit (which included a $250 cleaning deposit, and they stated that they were going to bring in a cleaning service to do some basic carpet cleaning and wipe down of walls, toilets, etc.)Come moving day once we got really close to the walls and got up close and personal with the house we discovered that the walls were filthy, even the ceilings seemed to have some sort of browish yellow splatter on them, even in the bathrooms! The kitchen was the worst. The vent above the stove had old caked on yellow grease which took forever to get off and the tops of the vaulted ceilings in the kitchen (which are almost impossible to reach, just by the way they were designed) had red spaghetti like sauce splatter on them. The walls were dirty and looked like they hadnt been cleaned in a long time, the showers had black mold in them and they had obviously not been cleaned. The only thing that had appeared to be cleaned were the toilets.The first night that were supposed to be moving our stuff in was spent in hours of scrubbing walls and cabinets, baseboards, and painting mismatched half assed paint jobs that were very visible and looked horrible. I dont even know why someone would bother in painting a patch on a wall that does not match at all.When we ran our vacuum cleaner throughout the house for the first time and our entire canister in the vacuum was filled with fur and dirt, like it hadnt been vaccumed in a long time, and my husband also cleaned the carpets and the water that was being sucked up in the machine was pitch black. It was very obvious that the place had not been cleaned. Most of our money so far has been put into cleaning and painting pure neglect and stupidity. We take pride in our home and dont settle for our home looking dirty with mismatching paint. We contacted Shannon Day so they could send a repairman out to fix the oven (the oven would not ignite and cook food) and that took 2 weeks, the only time that they responded right away was for a plumbing issue. We have only been in the home for a few months and over the last month a few drawers in the kitchen broke because the design of the home builders was to STAPLE the drawer tracks in. My husband had to fix that by hand and secure it to ensure it wouldnt break on us again, but whos to say that others wont break and thats something that Shannon Day isnt going to have someone come and fix. Overall the home is older, but if it was cared for properly by previous tenants then we would not be having these issues, which is frustrating that things are slowly failing on us. Overall, so far, i'm not very happy with Shannon Day.One Good thing out of this is that we have really nice neighbors next to and across from us.I'm nervous to see how we will be treated come the day that we move out.Only time will tell, but I wont be surprised if it all goes sour.When it comes to doing business with this company....you have been warned.
1	I waited over 2 months to write my review so that I knew I wasn't writing it just out of a knee jerk reaction and anger. I will spare all of the details but what a renter needs to know is that this company is solely there to look out for the interest of the property owner, NOT he renter.  They are not concerned with morals or ethics and will put their own aside, assuming they have any personally, and always do as the owners wish. Renters rights in NV are very limited, so if you are willing to take up a fight with them it will really ultimately be through the court.  We rented for over 4 years dealt with Gretchen exclusively and she was typically very nice and kind, and was usually prompt in her responses, but when it came down to the end and the property owner making flat out false claims and lies the owner of her company, Shanon Day, sided with the property owner Royce Chow. He owns over 30 properties and I was told he basically pays the Shannon Day Realty bills. Ultimately I was so incredibly saddened by their lack of character and morals. My husband and I decided to walk away from $500 instead of deal with the pettiness of them any longer. I can see how a property owner in another review couldn't understand these bad reviews and would think they were fantastic; if money is all that matters in this life. However, as a business person this speaks volumes to who they are as a company and people throughout the company. Shannon, the owner, is willing to contract with blatantly dishonest owners, Royce Chow, and Gretchen is FULLY AWARE OF EVERY SINGLE ISSUE, DISCREPANCY AND FALSE CLAIM, and agreed with me to my face that the actions of the owner were wrong, yet she still chooses work for this company and passes along Shannon's decisions. They obviously are all dishonest and morally corrupt. Think twice because if the owner of the property is bad this company will go right along with it and won't think twice. Doing the right thing doesn't mean anything to them, and unfortunately it doesn't to a lot of people anymore.
