4	Just picked up my new Specialized Crosstrail, I can't wait to ride it.
3	Bike Masters appears to be a fine bike store - selling mostly Specialized bikes (hard to go wrong with that). The salespeople I spoke with were helpful and knowledgeable; just didn't knock my socks off.
1	My family has used Bike Masters for the last two years for everything we needed and have always had good results till today. I brought my bike in to get repaired, as the gear component had broken. When I picked it up and rode it outside the store, the bike now has a "clicking" vibration through the pedals. I asked about this, and at first, the gentleman told me it didn't do it. So my son rode the bike and reported the same issue. Bike Masters told me that it has nothing to do with their repair. So even though it DIDN'T have that problem before I brought it in, it does now. They were unable to fix or answer why. Oddly, they DID tell me that my bike basket holder was installed backwards, which is funny because THEY installed it back in October.I paid full price for my "repair". It is very disappointing to have a new problem that didn't exist before I brought it in.  :  (
5	I have been here a few times for bike parts and maintenance. Today we bought a Specialized mountain bike for my wife. Scott helped us and was easy going while still being informative throughout. He took the time to adjust a lot of individual parts to fit the ride for her. The shop was busy, but he kept his focus on us even though we were making a modest-priced purchase. This place has plenty of potential. Great staff and location. I look forward to doing more biz with them in the future.
5	I had mixed feelings about this shop when I first went in. I've since gone back and am now sold!When I first went in I just needed better shoes for my cycle class. My regular tennis shoes were just not cutting it.Well, the shopper in me came out and I ended up with shoes, a bike, helmet, even socks! I got everything I needed (almost) to be a 'roadie.'Sean helped me pick out the perfect bike for me and I love it!While I was in there Chris Head, the guy who does it, offered to do my bike fitting for free! It's a huge thing that's really time consuming, but is definitely needed. Before I was fitted I did a 35+ mile ride and my body felt it all the way through. After Chris did the fitting it was like a TOTALLY different experience. He knows exactly what he's doing and goes above and beyond (seriously, way beyond) what he had to in order to make sure my bike was awesome. And it was worth every minute that it took to get it there (2+ hours). He is awesome.Everyone in this shop has a great attitude, super fun to be around, lots of laughing and a huge willingness to help you get a bike that's perfect. I would highly recommend this store, for sure!
1	Very hard to spend money there. They have a sense of arrogance and not very willing to go out of there way to earn business. For the record I have spent over $10K at this shop and today, they lost me for good. On the repair side, you're better off taking your bike to Auto Zone for repairs. Odds are they will know more about repairs and additions then this shop. They screwed up something as simple as pedals on my carbon cranks. I will be taking my business and all of my friends to a new shop.
1	I am real, and I have spent money in your shop. A lot. As for looking at my other ratings feel free. I go out of my way to recognize the positive places in person and thank them for their dedication to great service. Feel free to view my purchases there. Stumpy expert, Specialized MTB for my sons, cruisers for my parents, and many parts and services done. Shop used to be stellar make no mistake about it. Otherwise I wouldn't have spent my money there. The reason I haven't called back has more to do with the loss of faith in your shop. Deflecting the feedback based on attacking my credibility speaks more to you than it does me.
5	Awesome shop. helpful and knowledgeable staff. I have purchased 7 bikes in total for me and my family. With life time tune-ups that's a great way to save some coin. With them having so many shops around town you can get a new bike from any of the top Bike manufactures. They also provide a certified bike fitting service. Chris really goes the extra mile to make sure you are going to be comfortable on you bike for the long haul. I love this shop and I tell everyone where they should get there new bikes of have there old ones serviced.
5	Very happy with my experience to date. I bought my bike else where so rightfully I had to pay a little higher amount for a full body and bike sizing but at least they were not like several others I approached that were standoffish! The thing is, if I like the service and products I will go back! Chris scheduled my appointment while over at another of their stores and everything was on time. Chris was thorough in his explanation of every step and measurement and they promised to refit until I was satisfied. I happily replaced my seat with a modern version of a split with the correct size for me and my Handle bar stem too.David tuned up my bike for 30 bucks and didn't charge labor for the new parts. I also bought new bottles and cages and am happy with the products.The guys were friendly and thorough. It felt like the old days when you went in and shot the shit at the old barber shop or hardware. I like and need that personal connection. When we are ready to get my wife a bike I will go their 1st and no matter what,Chris is handling the fitting! I just don't have any negative with my experience!I almost forgot to add that I rode the next day and what a difference! I have had this bike for almost a year and have been miserable and uncomfortable, I was ready to sell it! I had a much higher power transfer and my ride was up easily 2 miles an hour with zero discomfort! This makes me happy as I ponied up 2000 bucks for this bike elsewhere!
