4	Totally a locals hangout.This very unpretentious wine bar is a favorite.  The owner, Darlene, has a great selection of wines from smaller labels for you to try.  If you're not sure what to get they'll help you find a bottle in your price range.  They've got the cheap stuff all the way to the $80+ range (if you feel like spending some money).You can buy a bottle at retail, open it up at their bar and enjoy it with a nosh.  Lots of smaller appetizers (cheese and crackers, etc).  Or, order by the glass/flight from their bar.Checkout their website before you go.  Or if you live in the area, subscribe to their email newsletter.  There is something different going on every day (live music, tastings, specials, etc.)
3	Nice neighborhood hang out. The owner and staff are very cool and the place is extremely clean and relaxing. They serve wine and beer, with and extensive list of both. The happy hour is 11am-6pm with $2 off wine and $5 warm brie (delish!) This is a great place to meet some friends for a drink. They have wine tastings on Wednesdays and other various events throughout the month. I will be back...
4	This place is a wine bar and store, where you can go pick the wine you want to uncord and drink or just order off the menu.  They have small plates and desserts, pretty simple good stuff.  We go here to have a glass of wine.  The staff is very cool and usually during parts of the weekend they have live mellow music.  It's not too loud or crazy, just a good time.  The ambiance isn't like many of the wine bars in the valley and I've been to many of them.  It's well worth going to especially on the front or back end of your night.  It's one of those comfortable places where everyone just belongs.
5	Darlene and her staff are fantastic!  Live music, great selection and for beer drinkers like me, there is a great selection of really good beer.  I hold my business meetings there twice a month b/c of the great service and great atmosphere.
4	41/2.  We go here regularly and love it.  The owner and bartenders are fabulous.  It's a wine bar with food as well as a wine store on the far right.  We just went recently for Halloween and it was a blast.  Everybody was dressed up and there were some very elaborate costumes.  We mainly go to a wine bar or bar because it's inviting and you look across the bar at friends.  That is the case here with many of the patrons.  You'll see regular faces and they are all friendly.  The food menu is what you would expect, not an elaborate menu but provides some good options for the night.  Check it out.  We have really enjoyed going here over the last 2 - 3 years.  By the way, check out Bryan when he plays (one man band) on weekends.
5	I LOVE this place! This place is half wine store/half wine bar. All of the servers I have had were friendly and helpful, and the food was good too! They do tasting nights on Wednesdays, and they are good value for the money. Oh and the live music on weekends is great! Check out their website for a calendar of events.
1	Good: Nice wines. Excellent live music. Bad: My group of 4 was told by the bartender that she had to help the seated customers at the bar first rather than us 4 standing waiiting for drinks. We entered the business 20 mins before the seated guests. WOW.Served all of us once we got a table but forgot my girls' wine. No apology. No discount. No acknowledgement. No nothing. WOW. Was an owner as well apparently.As we were leaving, no acknowledgement of thanks for coming, come back and see us, nothing. Just busy washing wine glasses behind the bar.If it was not for the live music, would not step inside this place. This is why the place will not last because of reviews like this. You HAVE to have a better customer experience.Customer service poor=lack of business.
5	I had never been here before but decided to try going for Happy Hour.From the moment we arrived we had great service from Darlene and crew.  They offered ideas of wines to try, were prompt with service, the Warmed Brie, Panini Sandwiches and other appetizers were very good. While we had eight people buying wine, beer and assorted food they had no problem taking care of us and offered to split the bill up after the fact...something many places won't do if you ask and never offer to do!We will be back!
5	Have now been coming here about once a week for maybe three years.  Loved it on my original review. As you continue to go here you love it more. Great staff, cool regulars and new customers, very good live music (especially Brian), and our neighborhood hangout.  Come here and check it out because you will come back.I had written this and never finished it.  They ended up closing.  A lot of people were bummed because we all loved it.  Oh well.
5	Awesome experience! Best food you'll find in the city of Gilbert. Nice staff, great wine selection. Relaxed atmosphere; you can literally sit and drink wine as long as you want. Also, cheap corkage fee (only ten dollars). So, grab your soul mate, grab a delicious bottle of wine off of the shelf and enjoy an amazing night/afternoon into night at this amazing venue!
5	It's back and better then ever.  Attended a soft opening event last evening and sampled a four course offering of new menu items.  Outstanding and delicious.  if this is indicative of the regular menu items, it; blows away the previous menu offerings.  Seating is primarily couches and overstuffed chairs in a conversation pit arrangement which makes for an intimate experience.  A few high tops and the bar is also avalable.  New wait staff that is extremely friendly and go out of their way to get to know you and ensure you are enjoying your visit.  It's apparent a lot of people were waiting for Vine Expressions to re-open.  tthe place was slammed Saturday evening.  The new owner is also the owner of Jerome Winery and the wine selection now include his vintages.  Highly recommend the Syrah/Shiraz.  I'm glad Vine Expressions is back, it's like an old friend coming back to town.  See you there.
5	Their VIP soft opening was great!  Food was perfect and the wine made it even better.  We had great service and was nice to talk to the owner John!  With is reopening and a new owner looks to be a great place to enjoy some great food and taste some great arizona wines.
2	Ventured in to the newly re-opened Vine Expressions and it was just OK for me. It's look great with comfy sofas, and groupings of tables - definitely an improvement.  It was really the food that was the surprising let down - very expensive for what it is.  The portions are small and I agree with what another reviewer said here, you go home wondering what's for dinner!  One of our party had the arugula salad and I'm pretty certain even a teeny-tiny baby rabbit would have asked for more.  Our Party of 5 all had different dishes and not one person was licking their lips and saying how good it was - everything was just 'yeah, it's OK'.  I would go back for drinks only to give it another go.With Postino opening just 5 mins away in the Fall, I think they may have to adjust their food pricing.  But what do I know, I'm just a customer.
3	I've been going here for a couple years and was excited about the new owner coming in. I really like the changes in decor and the additions of the leather sofas & chairs, partitions and cool candle lighting. It was nice to be greeted by hostess. The wine was great. I really enjoyed both glasses I ordered. I also must say our server was excellent and very friendly. But, the food was definitely not an improvement. It is overpriced and portions are teeny. For instance the $12 salad was smaller than any side salad I have ever seen. I will return for drinks, but will definitely not order food here again unless things change. Boy, I sure do miss the panini sandwiches they used to serve.
1	too stuck up and over priced for Gilbert.  Needs a decent happy hour.  I'll just wait til Postinos is in Gilbert!
3	UPDATE: I changed this from 2 to 3 stars due to being contacted by the restaurant a couple of days ago. They let me know they were working on re-vamping the menu. That means so much, when restaurants actually pay attention to what people are saying and respond to you!Book club met here last week. It's a beautiful place, very hip and trendy. They serve my favorite beer- White Chocolate Ale! I really enjoyed the sushi roll- nice and spicy. A little on the pricey side at $12, but I think what you're paying for is atmosphere more than anything else.What was really bad was the arugula salad that was $12- it wasn't even big enough to be a side salad. My friend ordered it and we were all rather shocked. I would have been surprised if she had been able to get more than three bites out of it. I understand overpricing food to fit the clientele and atmosphere, but this was too much for what you get.  She was happy to find a protein bar in her purse because she was hungry!I would go back if it were just for drinks, but probably not to eat. Someone else would have to suggest it too.
3	I'll check this place out, despite the whinings of a few.
4	First time in this week since the new owners took over. Have to say as much as I liked this place before, they definitely took all the good parts and expanded on it. I always liked the bar and the small couch seating area, now the bar is just as amazing as ever with friendly and knowledgeable staff and the entire place is mostly "conversation groupings" with comfortable arm chairs and couches with a few tall tables here and there. Not to mention, they carry Rombauer Chardonnay by the glass! Sure it's a bit too pricey at $15 a glass but after a rough week it was exactly what I needed and the size was definitely generous. This is the first time I've found it by the glass on this side of town so I was definitely in my happy place. Can't wait until the girls get together here and give the new menu a try.
5	I originally reviewed this restaurant when it was under old ownership. I have been a couple of times since the new owners took over, and it gets better each time. They ask for input when you get your bill, and the menu has changed a bit since my  first visit under new ownership. The selections are great. I love the different wine flight options they have. I have only had a few things on the menu, but the bruchetta was amazing! They have updated the seating area and added a patio. The live music is always awesome, and really helps create a relaxing environment. The servers are really friendly and knowledgeable. A few people mentioned high prices,  but I think it's on par with all the other wine bars I have visited. Plus, the food is better than most and the service is great. Love it!
3	This is the second time I have been here. The first time was a Happy Hour and just had limited tasters and wine on that visit. Came wanting to experience the menu a little more along with the wines.  Had Brie and the Scallop Salad. Portions are small. Want to order more but price is way too high!!  Others had cheese plate which is good but for the price. Another ordered Pannini. Good but nothing special, also came with store brand veggie chips. Dinner for two came to right at $120.00. This included appetizer of Baked Brie, Scallop Salad, Salmon Salad, two tasters of wine at $23 for me $21 for date, and then both of us had a second glass of wine.  Way to high for the portion, quality or anything else for that matter. Overall,  very pricey considering!! Not a place for dinner. They did have a live guitarist. Very good!! Added to the atmosphere!!  That earned the third star in and of itself. This is a great place for a glass of wine before going to dinner or after. Come in, have a glass of wine, listen to music.Won't be back for dinner. Can't afford it and not worth the price.
5	This place is so good. The mushroom & spinach flatbread pizza had me craving it the next day.  Nice atmosphere too.
4	My husband and I frequent here often and love it.  The atmosphere is very relaxing, the food is very, very good and the employees are awesome.  We will continue to return as often as possible!
5	Wow! Knock out punch good. We've lived in Gilbert for 5 years and have missed out on this gem as I usually only go to 4 star rate or above places. Don't be fooled by the lower star rating as that was marred I guess from a previous owner. This place is rock star and will be put on our permanent regular rotation. The food was outstanding in quality. It's a little pricy for portions, but I didn't go here for a buffet and prefer quality over quantity, so keep that in mind cheapy-charlies out there.Artichoke dip = fantastic. Baked Brie = fantastic fantastic.  Veggie flat bread = fantastic to the 3rd power. Wine flights Yea! Loved them! I had a Pinot Noir flight AND a Arizona Red Wine Flight. GM talked to us for 10+ minutes discussing/educating about wine - he knows his stuff. Female bartender was great; although she never told us her name. Bartender Blake was great. these guys seem to love their jobs which reflects in the superb service. Oh! and live blues jazz guitar that was awesome! Perfect for the eclectic cool setting. Feel like a total heel as we didn't tip him as I only had $1 in my wallet (thanks to pilfering wife and kid - leave me a dollar in my wallet, what kinda sh!t is that huh) and wasn't going to flip the guy a buck. Guess I'll double him up next time.
4	Very extensive selection by the glass or bottle.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They have a nice patio also that has heating elements for fall and winter enjoyment.  Try it out.  Bruschetta is tasty as well.
2	Used to come under previous ownership and wanted to try again... What a disappointment. We walked in at 10 till 9 and were told that they closed at 10. We were treated like an inconvenience. The band was entertaining but service was unfriendly. The only reason I'm giving 2 stars in because I liked the wine selection.
3	Closed again:(
