5	their sweet potato cupcakes are delicious! might have to stop by today and get some...their baked goodies are really good and light. this is the only Korean bakery in Pittsburgh that I know of so a huge plus for them. yea...i think i'm gonna stop by today or tomorrow for those sweet potato cupcakes! haha
5	Great place! Red-Bean Buns were outstanding!! The Red Bean with Shaved Ice is a must!!  Will make you forget your ice cream sundae. You can't believe how good this is.
5	Early on a Saturday, I promised my daughter we'd eat out for breakfast. Little did she know we'd be freezing our butts off at 11 in the morning eating Red Bean (Pat/Pot) Bingsu, and buying Red Bean buns. (Our first trip to find Sumi's was a disappointment because I wasn't sure where on Murray Ave., they were, and when we found Sumi's, it was closed). Being in town this weekend, we made our way to Sumi's with success! We grabbed our spoons, and worked our way into the pile of sweet red beans, two scoops of red bean ice cream, pineapple, chewy rice cake pieces, and shaved ice covered in sweetened condensed milk. The goose bumps, and shivers were so worth it. The red bean buns weren't too sweet, with the perfect ratio of sweet red beans and chewy bread like bun. Definitely yummy.The space was clean, and modern, the cake case filled with perfect round frosted  cakes. The cashier was friendly, and patient, and we got to chat with the owner, when she came to ask if we liked the Bingsu!! So much better than boring doughnuts, we're already looking forward to more goose bumps, and something new to try next time. *cash only, and you can get vanilla ice cream in your Bingsu instead of the Red Bean ice cream, just try it!
4	I've ordered cakes from them several times, and they are always delicious and feel a lot healthier than your average birthday cake - the icing is not very sweet but really creamy, and the Asian flavored cakes (like green tea, sweet potato) are perhaps not to the average American's palette but they are AMAZING, and the 'normal' fruity flavors are also really good. Only one request: PLEASE start using the Square or another payment system like a lot of other local businesses that don't take credit cards otherwise (East End Brewery, Commonplace Coffee, etc.) - the cakes are $$$ and it is a pain to pay that much in cash these days, and there are so many new options for small businesses. I am willing to pay a small extra fee for the convenience!
4	I've been to Sumi's Cakery 4 or 5 times now, and I always get the buns with buttercream filling. I love how light they are and the buttercream isn't overly sweet. I also love how inexpensive they are at $1.50, they make the perfect little snack. My friends bought me a fruit cake from Sumi's for my birthday and everyone loved how light and fresh it tasted. This was the first cake I've seen that was gone within 5 minutes of cutting it. Overall, I love this place. I just wish they opened a little sooner and stayed open a little later, because I could see myself stopping there for breakfast or dessert after dinner.
4	I stopped by Sumi's for an afternoon snack and decided on a strawberry cream bun. It was a white bun sliced in half with light, fluffy, strawberry-flavored cream sandwiched in the middle. The cream was the perfect amount of sweet.I will definitely be back to try the other items.
4	For $8 you get a good sized shaved ice dish in 1 of 3 flavors. I chose green tea and am glad I did. The combination of cold shaved ice with condensed milk, green tea ice cream, sweet bean, matcha, and mochi (?) were delightful. The dish was large enough to split between 4 for a light afternoon snack. If you don't like matcha (a little bitter), consider a different flavor.I will be back!
4	I loved the desserts here and would definitely go back for more! I had a peanut butter crumb cake sort of dessert with a green tea bun and a sugar twisted doughnut.  It's comparable to the Asian bakeries that Philadelphia has - maybe a bit pricier, but well worth the money! I love the interior and the cashier was really nice in explaining what was what. The pastries were perfectly fluffy but as usual pastries aren't very filling so it's easy to just scarf down 10 of them. Which I will.
5	I would not hesitate to give the place five stars. If you are korean or Asian who knows  the delicate taste of red bean paste, get the red bean paste Bun. This small shop makes better red bean bun than major chain bakeries like Paris baguette or tous les jour of Korea. Even my mother, who was traveling from Korea, admitted that sumi's red bean bun was excellent. If you don't know the taste of red beans, start with buttercream bread. My american friend was reluctant to try it at first, but she fell in love with it once she did. Their mocha(coffee) buns are great too, especially when hot. They bake everything on premise everyday. Cash only, and they aren't open on Mondays! (I walked all the way to the bakery last Monday to find it closed :( but this place is a gem!
5	All of the baked items are handmade on the premises!  If you're lucky, you'll even get your pastries warm from the Korean lady who made them.  The selection is a bit limited (no problem, she's really good at what she does make), but the quality is top notch and very authentic.
4	Small Korean bakery. Love the bulgogi and sausage bread. Beautiful cakes and cupcakes. Limited amount of baked goods each day, come early! They also have binsoo, the Korean shaved ice with red bean and Mochi!
5	I really like this place. After seeing good reviews from Yelp, I always want to go in there. But they are closed most of time when I went by. One day, my husband and I went by and they were open. We went in for Korean ice cream with shave ice. It is very good. We love it. It is a lot more expensive than what we paid in Phoenix but it is very good. I also bought a few bread/bakery that day. They are very good. They were playing my husband's favorite music when we were there that day. I am going to try their sweet potato cake. I actually heard about this place from a cab driver about 7 months ago but I didn't know this is the place. He told me that there is a great Korean bakery very closed to me when he drop me off from the airport. I am glad that I have a chance to try it. I told my coworker about this place. She was very excited and called them about a birthday cake. She told me it's a $75 a cake for the size to feed her family. :-) It is not cheap but it should be a must try when you are in the town.
5	I'm not a huge fan of sweets, but I'm a huge fan of Sumi's! I love all of her dessert buns and pastries! The dessert buns are reasonably priced and so many varieties to choose from. I personally love the butter cream, mocha cream and crumbs buns. The fillings aren't too sweet--exactly how I like it. I also ordered a small whipped cream strawberry cake from here and it was perfect. I'm usually really reluctant to try cakes because most of the time they tend to be too sweet and sugary. However, the cake from Sumi's is so creamy with the right amount of sweetness--just enough to leave you wanting more. I highly recommend Sumi's Cakery for your sweets cravings. If you do decide to buy a cake though, make sure you let her know a few days in advance so she'll reserve one for you. The ones on display are sold fast.
5	My favorite bakery in Pittsburgh. Sumi has an assortment of pastries from sweet red bean, cinnamon rolls to my absolute favorite.. Her buns!! Green tea and blueberry are my favorite because they're just the perfect amount of sweet. Caution: very addictive!! Eat these once a week. The whipped cream cakes are also so delicate, fresh, and beautiful; no butter added, not too sweet and just heavenly. Sweet potato cake and green tea flavors are so unique and flavorful. Shaved ice is also to die for.
5	I have used Sumi's Cakery twice to order a medium strawberry cake and red bean pastries. Everything was delicious! The strawberry cake has a light, fluffy whipped cream that compliments the fruit and prevents the cake from feeling too heavy. The red bean pastries are tasty, hearty, and would serve as a filling snack. The store, like the employees and packaging, was neat. The woman who helped me was very kind and courteous. She took notice that I was waiting outside in the snow and came out to ask me to wait in the warmth of her store.
5	This place may have just earned my favorite to go place for Asian pastries. Freshly made each day to go, there is just a bunch of yummyness and win with each one. Can't really go wrong with any of them. Also, if you are into desserts, please get the Green Tea Ice Cream Shaved Ice combo ... you will so not regret it!
5	Love this place! I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for unique and savory treats. The shaved ice ice cream bowl is a must try! They just got in bubble tea which I had recently and it was delicious! I've had the milk tea, honeydew, and green tea bubble teas and enjoyed them all! But they have even more flavors than that! Overall, very good experience at Sumi's cakery. Very nice, clean shop with extremely nice workers. If you have a chance, check this place out!
5	Korean people are beautiful people...This subtle & elegant place proves it (it's on the quiet side of Murray, next to Games Unlimited & Curry on Murray, it's so peaceful inside that it's hard to believe that it's across the street from the loud dirty pizza shops on Murray). It's run by a friendly polite lovely family who always say "Hello" & "Thank You". I've gone there twice (so far) & always stock up on their low-priced pre-packaged buns / rolls & boy, are they tasty! In particular, the green tea w/ red bean roll was a standout: it looked ugly yet intriguing & it was moist, delicious & probably very healthy for you too. The mango buttercream bun was pure love-at-first-bite bliss & the cinnamon roll was generously chock full of candied nuts that I felt lucky having eaten it.Everything was / is light, fresh & delicious & unlike most bakeries, the sweetness of their stuff is very subtle & you don't feel like a junkie on a sugar-high after eating their goods. I'm gonna have to bite the bullet & buy a cake next time. I like knowing that I'm helping myself out by buying (& devouring) these well-made pastries and at the same time, helping this nice Korean-American family live thee American Dream...My fellow Americans, be beautiful birds & flock to this place.God bless America & God bless Sumi's Cakery.
5	Broke down (it wasn't that hard) & bought a $20 strawberry cake & at first, was a little upset over how small it was (could feed 4 adults max.), but looks are deceiving & this was one of the best cakes I'VE EVER EATEN. Upon first bite, the 10,000 Maniacs song, City of Angels (about going to Los Angeles & being shocked at the contrast between the have's grotesque glamour, waste, & consumption & the squalid living conditions of the homeless have-not's) went through my head: Heaven, is this Heaven? O Heaven, is this Heaven...Where we are?It was in a word: Heavenly, & I'm not a guy that throws that word around lightly.Moist cake, light frosting...the only thing keeping it from floating away was the generously given, thickly cut, fresh-as-can-be strawberry halves inside the cake.The cake was full of grace & I could imagine Sumi quietly making it fresh this morning. I could taste the whole thought process, the Genesis / fruition of it from start to finish. I may have tripped out, but it was totally Biblical, maaaaannnnn!Each bite was a revelation & I was full (& thankful) w/ one quarter slice. It lasted the whole weekend, way longer than I expected it to, & it was a nice treat that taught me a lesson...Simplicity, elegance, silence, grace & beauty are the easiest things to achieve, yet we choose the opposite so many times to our detriment. We want things but believe that we have to go about getting it in the hardest, loudest, crudest ways possible (U.S. Healthcare, politics, Wall Street, reality TV, etc). If we would just let our objects of desire be, they would come into being.I am frequently accosted by beggars in Squirrel Hill asking for a dollar or any spare change. I usually shun them but in the future, I may buy them a piece of cake (pun intended) from Sumi's so that they too may experience an early taste of Heaven...(this is the Eden).
4	Ok yeah, reviews are right. Pastries are not overly sweet by any means. Super butter creamy no icing. I am very extreme in my sweetness so I love icing. Wasn't a fan of the buttercream pastries, although the bread itself was very good. HOWEVER, the chocolate bun WAS TO DIE FOR. TO DIE FOR. If you've ever had super soft Mexican bread, I.e. conchitas or conchas, THE CHOCOLATE BUN HERE IS THE TAIWANESE VERSION but probably 100 x's better because in assuming they always make them fresh here and are always super soft and ohhhh soooo good. Plus, in Pittsburgh you won't find any Mexican bread so just fill those cravings HERE. :) love, love, love it. Don't sell these out ill have your head. I couldn't wait to take a pic so sorry bout the almost devoured chocolate bun. They have other flavors too like strawberry, green tea, mocha, yeah.
5	I came here while visiting a friend in Pittsburgh, the place is delightful!!  The owner and her daughters were super friendly and super helpful.  They helped me pick out a few buns and also helped me pick out their version of a strawberry short cake.  The butter cream that they use is AMAZING and everything was so fresh.  It wasn't overwhelmingly sweet like most places and it was light and fluffy, which is hard to come by.  I'll definitely be back on my next trip to Pittsburgh.  This place is simply AMAZING!!
3	The prices were good ($1.50 to $2 per pastry). I only had two things: the red bean and the taro cream bun. The red bean was amazing. The taro cream was not, because it simply tasted like it was filled with whipped topping.I'm giving this an average rating until I return and try the other pastries.
