3	Kiwanis park is a really good time.... whether you're out for a walk, taking a bike ride, or just sitting and relaxing by the lake. Biking up and down the hills can really give you a run for your money without even realizing it.. until it's too late :) Not that I know this from experience. I definitely don't give up.There are plenty of shelters and picnic areas that you can use if open or reserve. I always see birthday parties and events going on while I'm there. Another common sighting is people watching and feeding the ducks. I always stop to see the babies.There's so much to offer from basketball courts to green areas, playgrounds and picnic shelters. One of the activities I keep wanting to do but never remember is take a trip on the peddle boats. Someone remind me in a few weeks to do this. Or fall :)Most of the weekend days bring some type of festival or event that makes the park too crowded for me. Sometimes the teenagers playing at the basketball courts are too rowdy and sometimes the people at parties in the shelters don't watch their children that are running into my bicycle. Other than that, it's not bad,
4	great multi purpose park that's fun for the whole family. Activities include fishing, basketball, paddle boats, baseball, playgrounds, BBQ!, volleyball, Frisbee, biking, dog walking, summer movies, etc Good clean free fun for everyone :)
5	Kiwanis park is beautiful! The lake is clean, the grass is trimmed, and the community is safe.
4	I come here to people watch. I mean it seriously would give a comedian some good material. With that said, I have been coming here for years for my annual picnic with my girl Jill C. They have really cleaned it up by redoing all of the Ramada's' and such. The park is very clean (although you had better bring your own soap of you go to the bathroom. Learned that lesson after our first trip) There are tons of activities you can do. We have watched numerous wedding photos being taken, a obscene number of picnics over the years. I am telling you, people watching at its finest. I enjoy coming and will continue to come as long as they keep up the great work!
4	Nice park where there are a multitude of things to do.  Picnic, fishing, paddleboats, outdoor sports, running, or taking your dog for a walk, the park is large enough that you do any of these activities without feeling like it's crowded.  When I was a kid we'd often go here for BBQs or picnics.  If you call ahead you can reserve a ramada for any outdoor parties.Since getting a dog, this is my go-to place if I want to take him out for a long walk.  He loves the open space, ducks, and grassy hills.  There are multiple dog bag stations for you to use and there's garbage cans evenly spaced throughout the park, but unfortunately there are still patrons that don't pick up after their dogs, so beware where you step!
4	The lake, large grass area, volleyball nets, picnic tables make it the perfect all in one park location.
4	This is definitely one of the better parks of the metro area. It features spacious lawn areas surrounding a sizable (for a town park) lake which is encircled by a nicely paved trail/bike path. All these make this place very inviting for a quiet leisurely stroll or energetic jog. Those who want to ride their bicycles will probably be happier using the bike trail on the west side of the park, flanking the Western Canal. The whole park area is clean, well-maintained, and scenic, and the lake is available for fishing as well as paddleboat riding. Several big picnic ramadas are scattered around the park, all of them overlooking the lake.
5	Really enjoyed this park as it was exactly what I was seeking today. I am about 6 months pregnant and in Tempe on business. Wanted to find somewhere to get a couple miles of exercise in and also see some beautiful scenery while feeling safe and not get isolated and in fear of stray animals or transients. This park was perfect. Lots of people, however all was spread out so it didn't feel like it was crowded at all and I still had plenty of my own space. Lots of tree shade to sit under and several different covered seating, almost cabana-esque, to sit in and/or fish. Paddle boats available and right by a recreational facility. I will definitely come back for some afternoon exercise through the week. If I were to move here, I would most definitely come back with the whole family to spend the morning/afternoon.
4	I barely come to the park, but I remember this park when I was little and it was still developing. I'd say it is a pretty nice park. It's quiet and there aren't really any thing bad about it. It's relaxing and it's a park so, definitely great for the kids.
5	Softball and remember coming here as a kid to the batting cages and wave park so much to do here now
5	Nice Trails and full of trees and greenery. What a breathtaking view. Epic. Walking trails, Chirping Birds, Water in the Lake , Paddle Boats,Trees, Ramadas, Coots, Turtles, Doves, Fishing Area etc. Bike Trail and Canal on west. A Paradise in Sun Valley Indeed !
