5	I've had the dubious pleasure of using the services of four major X-Ray places in Vegas, three of them in Summerlin.  Mostly routine stuff, thank goodness.  The first, Red Rock, was fine until it was bought out by Mountain View Hospital.  Then, an x-ray that my insurance co. was charged $91 for skyrocketed to over $400 the very next year!  Time to move on.I'll skip the next place, which was so awful that the films couldn't be used, and move on to Steinberg.  Here was a nice-looking facility that had me fill out three full pages of information, each two-sided in small print.  It took so long that by the time I finished, they called me inside.I was treated well, the scan was done quickly, and I was out and good to go.  Their equipment is up-to-date (unlike place #2, which shall remain nameless so I don't get sued) and the tech was efficient and friendly.
1	Going here they had a girl that was new, and was training. Not a problem, she got help when she needed it. This was not a problem. What is a problem is I called them and told them of the issues I was having because I have double coverage.They said the put it through and blah blah blah to both insurances. They said I still owe them (took 5 months to process) That I owe them...I explained I needed time because I am working with the State of Nevada on the billing problems. She then said "That is it not Our problem and you still owe."I replied "Okay, but I will need time to pay." (holidays plus I have already paid almost 6k into medical expenses)She then replied, "You mean you can't afford _____ " (That set me off)I am by no means a broke a_ _ . No one has any right to criticize another person. They only thing I was wanting to do is to wait till after my vacation to San Diego is over.Very unempathic and rude!**I went to Las Vegas Radiology- They did a great job and very nice!
1	I am new to biopsies and did not know there were plenty of options when I was referred to Steinberg for a stereotactic needle biopsy on my rt. breast.  If you're unfamiliar with the process they place you on a table on your tummy, facing a wall.  The Dr. entered the room sight unseen and proceeded to conduct the biopsy, no introduction, no show of his face, extremely cold and disconnected.  I felt like a piece of meat.  He then proceeded to hit a blood vessel (I screamed a bit) which was extremely painful.  No apology, no explanation on what just happened, nothing.  A huge hematoma larger than a golf ball immediately began to form.  More pain.  That was in January 2012, this is March and although it has shrunk in size - it's still showing up in my recent mammo last week.  I am now going to the Breast Care Center at Summerlin Hospital.  Environment, healthcare workers, technicians are AWESOME!  I hope to never return to Steinberg.  I wasn't going to write this review but ALL my friends urged me to do so; for the benefit of others.
3	There are not many places in town where you get to order off of the periodic table.  So, this is my go-to spot when I feel like drinking barium and taking a ride on an x-ray machine.The waiting room is a bit like a cattle call (especially on holidays, geez).  But, once you get past that stage, it's pretty smooth sailing.  The technicians are pretty friendly and make jokes to ease the weirdness of the situation (hey, let's irradiate you now!).  The doctors, however, well, they need some patient interaction refreshers.  In and out in 30 minutes is a good thing, as well.
4	I've been going to Steinberg for my yearly mammo for nine of the ten years I've lived in Las Vegas.  Although it's a bit frustrating to fill out the same paperwork packet while in the waiting room year after year (don't they keep anything on file?) and the waiting room feels a bit like you're waiting for government services, once I get inside to the mammography area I never have any complaints. The techs are friendly and explain what they're doing and why as you go along. I've recently had some ultrasounds done of some, um, really personal places - and the tech always makes me feel relaxed and not too self-conscious.  No complaints and they're professional get the job done.
3	My first time having to do an MRI. The staff was very clear with the MRI procedure and I was comfortable afterwards. I get cluster-phobic so I was afraid that I was going to freak out during the MRI but it wasn't bad at all. Having to fill out the paperwork on your medical history was a pain in a the rear.. LoL!
3	This place is really a busy location.  I walked in for an MRI expecting a similar experience to West Valley Imaging.  I was way off.  This was so much more crowded.  I started in one waiting area where I signed in and waited to be called up for paper work.  When I was called up I was moved to a second waiting room where I completed my paper work and waited to be called up again.  I was called up after a few minutes and processed in their computer system.  I sat back down and waited until I was called into yet another waiting room.  Waiting room #3.  I sat there for several minutes before I was brought a clip board with more paper work and two hospital gowns to change into.  I changed and completed my paperwork and watched several other people get called in before me.  I'm pretty sure some of them got there after me but I can look past that.  I did take some valium to get me through the scan so maybe they were waiting for it to take affect.  When I finally got called back to the MRI I climbed up on the table, put my head in a cage that made me feel not unlike Hannibal Lecter, and was slowly inserted into the tube.  It only lasted 15 minutes.  I was expecting to be in there a lot longer. I didn't even need the valium with how short a time I was in.  Whatever.  At least I made it through.  Steinberg may have a machine that I consider superior to the one West Valley but they herd you like cattle from one room to the next.  Its a little ridiculous.
1	Please avoid this people at all costs!  I went there to get a transvaginal ultrasound an they were extremely rude.   The tech didn[t know anything.  How the hell is she going to take pictures of cysts if she doesn't know what she is looking for??? extremely incompetent.
3	Diagnostic testing is never fun. A comfortable waiting room, good communication with staff, and physical comfort go a long way towards maintaining sanity. This place can get very crowded and wait times can be extended but most times I've found the main waiting room comfortable. The big window and seat placements help reduce that penned-in feeling. Other waiting rooms in the building are pretty standard. Staff all seem friendly.
1	If I could give them 0 stars, I would. Biggest waste of time and effort! I didn't even end up using them for my MRI or other scans, they are inefficient, and incompetent. I had my insurance rep and my doctors office speak to them several times about how my benefits don't require a copay, yet they called me every 5 hours for 1.5 weeks "reminding" me to bring payment. I hope they improve, no one needs the hassle
4	Though we got off  to a bumpy start I must say that my most recent visit to the center was a pleasant surprise.  I found the staff to be warm, caring and knowledgeable.I was shown a great deal of respect and compassion  and for that I am appreciative.
1	If i could I would give no stars!! I told them if I would bring my referral back in 10 mins they wouldn't make me make a new appointment they said no I have to do another appointment I am not gonna do my test now because of this place since my doctor hasn't faxed the referral over! Forget this place never doing anything again here as long as it's not life threatening which this isn't! I always have problems coming here!! Hate it!
1	I brought my elderly father in to the Tenaya Way location because he is very ill. His physician sent us over with STAT orders for a chest xray. He was recently released from the hospital after a month and his health is touchy. We checked in and they saw STAT in the orders and said they don't "do" that.  His dr. Needed these ASAP but these people couldn't care less. I know why I use Desert Radiology. I should have taken him there (but insurance dictates where you go.)
3	Oh joy.   MRI is like being in a coffin!    Arrrhgghh   Saturday appointment was the best. quick in and out.  (I'm guessing those stuck working Saturdays want to get it done fast...  but they were still pleasant and helpful)
5	I had an appointment at the Tenaya office on 4-7-14. It was for a CT scan of my jaw/nose, and an MRI of my lower spine. I found a parking spot close to the entrance, as my walking ability has deteriorated quite a bit, that, and I had just had plantar callouses removed underneath each foot. I entered the building, signed in, and sat down. I was called shortly thereafter and I produced my ID and medical card. The attendant at the desk I saw was a Hawaiian/Samoan/Asian male. Heavier set, with a part in his hairstyle. He was very nice and helpful signing me in. After about a 45 minute to an hour long wait, I was called to the back. An older lady walked me to the back, told me to change, lock your stuff up, etc. I started filling out some papers for the CT Scan. The CT Scan attendant called me back with him. He was a Hispanic male, bald headed. He had a good conversation with me, asked me why I'm getting a CT Scan on my nose. That was done fairly quickly, and I finished my paperwork and moved on to waiting for the MRI technician.The MRI technician called me and walked me to the MRI area. She was nice. An attractive white female, very helpful, very talkative. She helped me on the table, and I got to do my MRI feet first, rather than head first. That made a big difference. I had a head first MRI before at UMC. I was short of breath, nauseous, and claustrophobic. This time it was better. I had a regular MRI, then I had to pause and get a contrast IV administered. That went well, and went pretty quickly too. Both of these were much faster than the MRI had just 1 year earlier at UMC for the same thing. I don't know if the equipment was better, or the technician, but it went smoother this time. Kudos to the technician for finding my vein on the first try also. I don't like being stuck once, let alone twice.After my MRI, I got dressed, found all of my belongings still in the locker. My wallet, phone, keys, clothes, shoes. I was happy about that. On 5-1-14, I returned for my films and results for my CT Scan and MRI. I went to the front desk. They told me to use the phone on the left side and dial the extension. I spoke to the lady who answered, who just happened to be the older lady that took me to the back the first time I was there. She told me they'd be ready in 30-45 minutes. In exactly 43 minutes, they were ready. She came to the front and talked to me friendly and gave the films and results to me. She also gave some advice on how to handle the films when I asked her. Overall, I've had a positive experience with Steinberg Diagnostics, and its staff.
1	I would not recommend them to anyone.  The billing department is rude.  One person does not tell you the same as the others.  I have no problems paying money owed for services rendered.  Don,t expect Steinberg to assist in correcting their billing errors.
5	I had a hard time coming to terms with getting the CT scan that my Dr. had recommended. After doing extensive research I had many concerns. I was very pleased with the interaction that I had with the two radiologists that assisted me. They took the time to go over my CBC results, and all concerns regarding the CT Scan by taking the time to explain the entire process in detail. The radiologist that was by my side guided me step by step as to what to expect and how I would feel during the procedure.I greatly appreciate the personalized service I received. I wish I would have gotten the names of the two radiologists that helped me 07/10/14, so I could name them here. It is common in the medical field to depersonalize interaction. It is a 'condition' or a diagnosis, and the person is irrelevant in the process. These radiologists provided excellent service and deserve 5 stars.Thank you!
2	I went here to get a biopsy a few weeks ago.. The staff was so nice and amazing. They said they'd have my results a week late but it's been a month. We keep calling and Calling and no one gives us any information. They've don't this to my mom before too. I'm so fed up
1	Billing dept. leaves something to be desired. When billed during my wives visit, they said they had made a mistake and overcharged us. I had to wait two days for my bank account to be credited before they could re-bill me the correct amount. Then I started receiving statements for a balance due.  I called the billing dept and after running in circles with many excuses I was told that the account is settled. But, since then I have still been receiving statements for a balance due. It doesn't seem the billing dept. knows what they are talking about. Tried to call them to get the story but billing dept. closes at 4:45.  One more inconvenience in a long line of inconveniences.
