5	I've been coming to Salon Adikt since they first opened (Andrea had been my stylist at another Aveda salon before that) and have always had a five-star experience. They've recently moved into a swanky new spot, conveniently beside Furco bar. Fantastic colour and cuts, great hair tips, and super friendly, personable people. The salon has a comfortable, down-to-earth vibe.  Andrea and Damon and their staff really care about their customers (and their hair, of course!), and they take the time to sit down and consult with you to figure out what's best for you, rather than rushing you into anything. I always leave feeling content and very zen. Definitely recommended.
5	Chilling in my chair right now waiting for my hair color to set, so I thought why not start up my review? The new salon is a quick 3 min walk from metro Place des Arts (I took exit de Bleury Sud) I like how easy it is to get there. After trying many different salons in Montreal and feeling dissatisfied, a few years ago I found Adikt through a fellow Yelper's review and never looked back! I totally recommend them! It's the best Montreal salon for my Asian hair (think tons of thick and color resistant hair) and count on them for awesome cuts and color from Andrea and Damon. They take into consideration your lifestyle to help you make the right decisions (I know that as much as I would love some hairstyles or color, I've learned that I'm a low maintenance type) to avoid disappointment or pick a better choice. Everyone is super friendly, knowledgeable, and they give great service. Colorist Zoe even gave me advice on how to do a simple updo for a wedding! (I totally was able to do it on my own - that never happens!!) So now that my hair is finished I can say it nice and shiny and I'm a happy happy Clare!
5	Really professional salon! After a small miscommunication, they did everything they could to make sure I was happy - just make sure you speak up!-they made sure that I left a happier customer. The staff is super nice. Zoe did a great job on my colour exactly what I wanted and fairly natural looking too. Shannon is fun too. I highly recommend this place. They also use fairly 'natural' Aveda products so I did feel hit over the head with chemicals, literally. Ha.
4	I've always enjoyed Aveda salons, and my first experience here wasn't any different (meaning that I enjoyed it in case that wasn't clear!).I had an appointment with Shannon which I wanted to cancel all week because I was getting cold feet. I've always been a nervous hair cutter because it seems like 80% of hairdressers tend to not listen to their clients and just go about doing what they want instead - needless to say I've had some horrendous experiences. However, Shannon was super awesome right from the start and had a great energy about her.I let her know that I wanted to only trim the ends and add some layers without thinning out my hair and she did exactly that. I was very comfortable with her during the appointment and don't have anything bad to say. The only small downfall was that she put A LOT of product in my hair, and so it's been about 6 hours and my hair already looks and feels greasy because it was a little too much. But, that's on me because I didn't really warn her in advance that my hair doesn't do well with a lot of product in it.All in all, a great Aveda salon. Don't hesitate to pop by!
