5	I wish I lived in Tempe to have these guys as my mechanics. We've been traveling around the country for 6+ months in our '85 Chevy Winnebago. So we've obviously needed repairs along the way. Of all the shops we've been to, not one has compared to this father/son duo. I've never been more impressed by such teamwork. They want to listen to every part of your experience before trying to diagnose the problem. Then, give them 10 minutes, and they come back with the problem part in hand. Showing you what's wrong with it. Aside from being logical and efficient with diagnosing, they value the quality work they do. They went above and beyond, thoroughly checking and testing our '85 Winnebago to make sure we'd make it home safely.They care about their customers. They care about the work they do. And they make sure they're always having fun doing it!These guys are awesome.
5	TRULY FANTASTIC service! Affordable rates! Enough said! You will not be sorry. The best mechanics I've ever utilized and thenicest guys you'll ever meet.
5	Too long; didn't read: Best prices out of every other mechanic that looked at the car, saving me $2,000. New forever customer. They are the Costco of the mechanic world.Lil Moes is an answer to prayers. And a stingy mans budget.AC died in the middle of the Phoenix summer? A rattling coming from my engine? Both are terrible car problems to experience, and both happened at the exact same time to me just this past week. So I hop on Yelp, check out the best rated mechanics within 25 miles of Tempe, and give them all a call. I go from place to place in person looking for the best deal, and the top three gave me the exact same news:"Your AC compressor has a leak, and with Ford, you need to replace the entire AC system: you can't just replace the compressor. That'll run you $1300. Also, the timing chain is worn, so we'll need to get into the timing housing: that's another $1700. When all is said and done you're looking at $3200."Three thousand, two hundred big ones, you say?"Yup. By the way the rattling means the car could die at any moment: I'm actually surprised you've been driving this long."I would say I'm lucky, but 3200... maybe I'm not Vegas lucky after all.With three different mechanics giving me the same price each time I was sure I was screwed. I'd either need to drop three grand to fix a car that's worth $4500, or sell to someone on Craigslis who wants a fixer-upper and then jump ship with these Labor Day deals. Either way I went, I was in for a lot of hassle, and a lot of money spent.And then, as the clouds parted and a silver lining broke, a Hail Mary pass from heaven itself comes my way.Paul, owner of Lil Moe's, picks up the phone, hears my woes, and says, "I can do the AC for $500." Deal. I come in, drop off my keys, bail.He calls back, "actually, it's not what we thought. There's actually no leak, regardless of what the other mechanics said (and charged me for to test). It's an electrical problem, meaning if all the other mechanics replaced your entire AC then it wouldn't actually fix the problem... because the AC isn't getting power. We'll need to fix the compressor clutch, also. That said, final price is $390."Three hundred, ninety, you say? Paul I think I love you. "What do you think about the rattling noise.""While it's definitely coming from the timing house, it's most likely just the tensioners. At highest point, it'd cost $850 with chain. Lowest? $770.""So you're telling me you can fix both of my cars problems for less than the cost that every other mechanic wants to charge just for the AC?""Yup."Paul and gang literally saved me $2,000. Whether I fixed the car or sold it and paid a $3000 down deposit, he saved me a few grand by troubleshooting the issue and spending time looking for the root cause. While the other mechanics wanted to replace everything and expect that to fix my problems, Paul spent time actually testing, assesing, and keeping track of what worked and what didn't."Used to be a bus mechanic. When a bus AC costs $10,000 to replace there's no way anyone is saying, 'just replace the entire thing.' You've got to troubleshoot the issue and find the exact problem."And it shows: Lil Moe's Garage spent the time to find the problem, give me low cost estimates to fix it, and stuck to the estimates when the time came to pay up. No last minute fees, no hidden charges, no admin crap: just straight up labor and parts: the exact same prices he estimated from the phone call.I'm actually moving here in a few weeks, but I'll make the drive to keep Lil Moe's as my go to mechanic. Period. The only five star review I have here on Yelp, and for all the right reasons:1.) Personal touch to their service with how they handle customers2.) Clean facility, offer water/gatorade3.) Decades of experience4.) Spend time troubleshooting the issue5.) Explain exactly what they are charging for, dealer part pricing6.) Best prices in townIf I had to nitpick like I was on one of those nitpicky chef shows, I'd say they could step up their phone came and keep me more udpated instead of me calling. But if that means they're using that time to find the root of the problem, that's a fair exchange, I'd say.That said, they fully earned five stars and my business for as long as I'm in the valley. These guys went above and beyond. I have found my first mechanic that I'll call "my mechanic" (Raul is my hairdresser), and they have a life customer with me and my family.All they need is a giant American flag waving out front and I'd petition Yelp to let me give Six stars.
