4	I'm surprised there aren't any other reviews on this little gem because I know it's been around for at least a year.  We stopped in with some friends for dinner tonight.  They have a full bar, but I had a glass of chardonnay rather than my perfect rob roy.  The chardonnay was a flavorful pour at a really good price.  Our waitress and her helpers were very attentive (with the exception of water not being delivered as soon as requested).  I ordered the tilapia and it was some of the best tilapia I've eaten.  Pan fried so it was just a little crispy around the edges and with wonderful flavor.  I also had a baked potato which was very good.  There are good baked potatoes and then 'meh' baked potatoes and this one was good.  It came with pats of real butter and a generous portion of sour cream.  The vegetable of the day was a sauteed squash which was flavorful and just the right degree of firmness.  Tonight I chose the soup of the day - Italian Wedding - rather than my usual salad.  It too was very tasty!  The lights were a little bright to my liking but that's just me.  They have what looks to be a little one person band on Saturday nights - may have to try that at some point.  Even though my wonderful companion is not keen on dancing - unless an elevator dance at a wedding - it's fun watching the couples here in Sun City show off their dancin moves.   We will definitely go back and although I may be tempted to try something new on the menu I think I'll have to go with the tilapia, but next time - make mine a perfect rob roy, perfectly please...
2	Well the service was good but I just didn't care for the food. I found the food to be bland and just not very flavorful. I have definitely had better and I have definitely has worse. Your call.
3	Food was good. Service was a little slow. Only the owner and one wait person waiting and serving tables.
5	Oh my goodness - forget the negative reviews - nonsense. We had the shrimp cocktail - good, and the nachos - best ever. Homemade nacho chips were incredible. The person who said "bland" and "no taste" must have dead tastebuds. The food was great and the service as good. Highly recommended!
