4	These Guys just get it right,great burgers straight forward toppings hand cut fries.I've eaten here on more than a few occasions with the family and everyone loves it.Counter service is always polite and expeditious .Enjoy.
4	Simple menu makes for good food.  I first had Five Guys a couple years ago iwhen I was still fresh out of college, but this location is fairly new along with the Trader Joe's and other stores in this area.Burgers here are always made well and just how you like them.  If you order fries, get ready for a nice huge bag of fries.  They are freshly cut (the location of where the potatoes come from that day are on the wall).  I've had the cajun fries too... which are great if you want a little kick to your fries.Staff is friendly and the service is quick.  Good combination when you are in a hurry for lunch or just in a hurry to get a burger in your stomach!
4	HUGE burgers!! And one small fry is enough to feed my family of three.  Very tasty food and good solid service.  Very yummy!  I dont think the Yelp map is exactly correct though. but I guess close enough.
5	Yes. i love burgers. This is one of the places here in Charlotte where I truly love eating at. A nice juicy burger with everything on it with green peppers, its awesome. This is one fast food joint where I truly enjoy the taste of a good burger. I'm pretty sure there are a lot of better burgers out there in the world, but for a fast food joint this is a good place.Nice interior, as all five guys usually are, peanuts are unlimited and fries are plentiful if you order. Have a nice juicy burger here for lunch and go back to work as I do every once and a while.
5	I am rating this Five Guys as a comparison to others that  I have been to in the Charlotte.As a transplant from California, In-N-Out was my staple burger place. After 3 years in Charlotte, I am ready to admit that I have officially defected to Five Guys. Of the many options for Five Guys in the area, this is the location that consistently pumps out exactly what I want. Don't get me wrong, in a crunch I'll visit the Epicenter or some other location, but this is the one that is my golden standard. This is why this Five Guys rocks it out:- Never a line. I don't know how they do it, but of the many times I've been here, I have never stood in line (ok, maybe they are sometime finishing up with one person). Perhaps I just happen upon the place at off-peak times, but hey, that is my experience.- Consistently well-prepared burgers. At various locations, I've noticed subtle differences in the preparation--either too greasy or not greasy enough, lacking in condiments, bun falling apart. Whenever I come here, I get perfect buns and fries with the right amount of condiments.- The staff is awesome. I always see smiles and familiar faces.- Vicinity to the Mallard Creek Greenway: there is no better way to follow up an 8 mile run than to regain all of those lost calories. That my dirty little secret.
4	I am a fan of Five Guys where ever I'm at... and this one didn't disappoint.  It has to be one of the nicest ones I've ever been to.  The only challenge I had was in finding it as it's behind the shopping center... but then the GPS was ever diligent and got me there just fine.  You will enjoy this location!
5	By far the best burger joint in Charlotte.  I've been to several locations in Charlotte and pretty much have the same experience in all of them. Menu is small and to the point. Nothing fancy here, just big delicious and very messy burgers.  The fries are good too, just wish they had a smaller  size.  Three people can eat out of the small.
5	Great burgers, great fries, great service!  I come here all the time, such a clean restaurant.  Love this location!
3	For some reason, I don't know why this review has eluded me since this Five Guys is right across the street from my office.  I haven't been in forever so I got a little cheeseburger with cajun fries the other day for lunch.  Burgers are made to order and I had all the free toppings on it so it was pretty large for a "little."I guess the appeal of Five Guys has really died down in the past couple of years, I remember when people were raving about it and were all excited when Five Guys was in the neighborhood.  I think it's still a solid burger, but now-a-days I tend to lean more to a burger place with a little bit more selection and creative license with their burgers.  Don't get me wrong, keeping it simple is totally key, and Five Guys does this super well.
5	The ONLY place I eat a burger. They make it SOOO yummy :)
4	Consistently good burgers and fries.  Service is great; the employees actually don't seem to hate working there.  The grilled vegetable sandwich is my go-to; even though it's basically grilled toppings, it's still delicious.  And I appreciate the lack of fake meat.  Note that although the menu doesn't specify, the regular Cheeseburger is actually a double patty.
