2	This isn't even where I started out to go for lunch today.  I was driving down the road and it caught my eye.  I have eaten from here several times but this is the first time I have been in one of their restaurants.  Even though I like their chicken it seems like the order gets screwed up about half the time and I don't go back for a while.  Like many fast food places the order seems to be correct most of the time when eating in.  I had a breast with macaroni and cheese and cole slaw.  It comes with a couple of tortillas (flour or corn).  I tried the salsa and spicy avocado from their salsa bar, neither was great but both edible.  I have had better Horchata but again it was ok.   For $8.20 total with drink I was happy.The restaurant inside was clean and the staff friendly.  Being a beautiful day outside I would liked to have sat on the patio.  Here is where they lost a star, the tables looked liked they had not been cleaned in several days and the patio trash bin was way too full.I am sure I will eat here again.
1	Not a very friendly menu for a person with gluten intolerance but the chicken was *very* good although practically the only thing I can eat. The reason for the low rating was this location had horrible AC and bad AC in the dead of the Phoenix monsoon season is not a place to enjoy a good meal. The "atmosphere" was positiviely soupy between the kitchen and what seemed like a swamp cooler.
1	I loved el pollo loco until I came to this one. The green sauce in the little cup was moldy but i thought it was a chunk of goodness and it made me sick and I threw up and now I will never eat elPollo loco again.. Thanks alot el pollo loco number 2!
5	My girlfriend and I were hungry and wanted to do something different than the usual. We had passed by El Pollo Loco many times and had agreed we'd try it, but that kept getting put off. That finally just changed, and now I wish we hadn't waited so long. Seriously, we are the perfect combination of full and satisfied at this very moment. We took a look at the menu and weren't sure of how much to order. Eventually, we based it on cost, assuming that around $15 worth of food would be enough (it ended up being almost $18). What can I say, we're both good eaters. She ordered the chicken avocado quesadilla and a side of mashed potatoes - yes it's a strange combo but she loves mashed potatoes so why not. I opted for the chicken avocado burrito and a crunchy taco. The understanding was, of course, we'd try a bite of each other's food.The quesadilla and burrito were both stuffed full of tasty goodness. She's not big on beans but admitted she actually liked the burrito. I don't think I've ever tasted a quesadilla that had such an explosion of flavor, at least not in the fast food world. The quality of the ingredients was far superior to what I expected. That goes for the whole meal as a matter of fact. We've both eaten enough fast food in our lives to know better so I feel confident in saying that. The crunchy taco was a huge hit as well. It reminded me of the kind of taco I'd get at a sit-down Mexican restaurant. Even the mashed potatoes rivaled KFC so no complaints here!The service was fine. They confirmed the order before and after we got our food. I'd say we waited no more than 2 minutes in the drive thru to get it.I wouldn't hesitate to go back, and again, wish I'd tried it sooner. It's tough to put your finger on how good a place like this is going to be when you don't know how big the portions are and they have a variety of sides to choose from. I can't wait to try a different combination next time!
5	I am lovin' El Pollo Loco. Muuuuuch better than the local colonel imho. All of their salads are very good. My food has always been fresh, including the salads. Service could have been a little tighter at times, but it seems like most people like working there and working with each other which shows in the quality of the food. Overall I am pleased with this restaurant.
