5	Iwaki; I'm a big fan! Where in Montreal can you get a seven course meal for under $30? It is a rare thing to find, and I'm so glad I stumbled into this place! First: there is no a la carte and you won't have any idea what's coming your way. The menu is created daily, based on what's fresh and in season. Most of my 7 course meal is posted in pictures above.Second: It's Japanese, but there is no sushi. You may end up eating something you've never tried before (for me that was jellyfish).Third: The dishes are beautiful and even though I didn't LOVE every dish, every dish was interesting and I was more than willing to try things that I otherwise would never ever consider ordering (like Japanese cabbage rolls).Fourth: They offer some Japanese beers, several different Sake and a few other alcohols but they do not have afull service bar. Conclusion: Make a reservation. There are only a handful of seats inside and they fill up pretty quickly, I saw several disappointed walk-ins being turned away because the restaurant was already fully booked for the evening. Reserve.Jardin Iwaki would make an excellent date spot and great for a small group (no more than 6 people). I don't think it would be suitable for children or people with mobility challenges (the bathroom is down a treacherous staircase) or for those who are more picky about what they can or cannot eat; though I am sure the chef could accommodate minor adjustments.
5	Simply a delight! Each course (there are seven) provided truly wonderful tastes. The seared tuna, drizzled with sizzling spicy oil, was something past sensuous. I simply don't have the words to describe it. I'm thrilled to have a restaurant of this caliber in my neighborhood, and will definitely be going back soon.
5	Where are all the reviews for this gem?? Let me be the first in 2014 to say this place remains an intriguing little restaurant. On the night I visited with one other friend (must call in advance and reserve) the chef was the only one there operating front of house, taking orders, and preparing course after course for us and two other tables. While the dinner itself took something like two hours total, it suited the format of the 7-course meal. no one wants to gobble up delicious food like this so quickly and be out the door in fifty minutes!There's no sushi at Jardin Iwaki but you won't miss it with the beautiful presentation and delicious glimpse into other kinds of Japanese cuisine.
5	Such charming service. Such a beautiful presentation. Such subtle, refined and delicious food.I love that the choice is the chef's (and am reliably informed that this is an option in many restos in Japan), and everything was amazing. There was a smorgasbord of entrees including jellyfish and other seafood, followed by a soba noodle salad, salmon, tuna, rice soup and dessert.I'm coming back. You should try it.
5	Wonderful little place, a true gem hidden in the neighbourhood, wish we had more of these here in NDG... An authentic, delicious and very affordable  Japanese treat! A must try!!!
5	I can never believe how lucky I am to have this absolutely awesome Japanese restaurant in my hood! An awesome restaurant that is ridiculously affordable.There is no a la carte menu here. No list of sushi and sashimi to choose from. No tempura and wakame salad or sushi pizzas or anything like that. Instead you are given two options, a 7-course menu for $27 and a Edo menu which includes a course of sushi (but this menu needs to be reserved 2 days ahead of time) for $32.Just note that both are absolutely great options and both include some of the same items, but there are a few differences, so that the Edo menu is not just the 7-course menu with an additional course of sushi.The sake menu has a reasonable selection at affordable prices but there is no full bar and I doubt the waiter would understand any order outside of what is on the menu. Yes, the bathroom is in the dungeon. It isn't a great place for a bathroom, it is cold and a weird set up, but the place is clean and after a couple of cups of sake you'll be a pro at navigating the stairs and opening the lock!Iwaki is a great place for a date. The lighting is not too bright but not too dim, the atmosphere is laid back and intimate but not intrusive, the pace of the courses is slow and there are a few dishes to share. I held my small birthday party here (there are only 12 seats, so it is easy and affordable to get the entire restaurant to yourself!) and we had a great evening! This place is not good for people with mobility issues because of the bathroom access. Not good for children for the same reason, but also because the menu is pretty fixed.
