4	This is another one of my favorite bagel places in Madison. A little less known than Gotham and Einstein, but I'm pretty sure it's better than Einstein and up to bar with Gotham. I love how Bruegger's isn't just about the bagels. Their bagels and spreads are unique, and their signature bagel sandwiches are indeed hearty, fresh, and delicious. In addition, the breakfast menu is awesome and both their sandwiches and paninis are great as well. For coffee lovers, buy the bottomless mug. You can free refills for coffee the whole year.
3	Love me a toasty fresh bagel in the am. When the weather is nice, I'll take my dog, Eloise on a walk and finish it off with a bagel and eat it outside on the patio. Things I like: they seem to be making bagels all the time. Seriously! I haven't gone in when there wasn't a batch in the baking process. They've got awesome sammies. Try the beef and cheddar with caramelized onions. It is so substantial and he onions are cooked in a red vinegar, so they've got a nice tang.Things I would like to change:  it feels like this place is halfsies a bagel shop and halfsies like Panera. The issue with that is when you have 2 halves of a great thing,  you miss out on the 'specialty' aspect of the biz which makes it so awesome. I would like it to focus on bagels (since they do that so well, and less on the sammie side (even though they are tasty) since the selection just isn't as big as the competitors), and crank those bagels out to include an even bigger variety of bready goodness.
3	The bagels are awesome. Super chewy(in a good way) and many varieties to choose from. My favorite is the Rosemary Olive Oil. AMAZING. The breakfast sammy with turkey sausage is a great, filling, easy start to the day. The best part of this sandwich is the magical way it always stays together. There's no AWOL egg sliding down, or mysterious juices ruining my shirt. So if you're in a rush and have to nosh in your car--go for it. The not so awesome? The service. it's not bad. it's just not...good. I always feel like the employees are like "Okay. You're here. I'm here. Let's get this done."
1	Wholeheartedly agree about the extremely poor service at this location.  I've actually been recommending that people go just to see how comically bad it really is.
4	I really feel that the service here has been better lately. Friendly staff, and the bagels are still great!Also, they have iced coconut coffee for the season! It's like liquid caffeinated summer yumminess. Try it!
1	Every time I go here I vow "never again." Then I'm running late somewhere and stop. Well, never again. A few mornings ago I walk in. The person in front of me had just placed a large and complicated order - a bunch of bagel sandwiches, which all needed toasted bagels, lots of sliced veggies. eggs and melted cheese. I stood there in front of the worker as he worked to make them, and he did what some employees do when they are busy - pretend you don't exist, as if somehow not acknowledging you means that you're not really waiting there for them. Anyway, that was ok - he was clearly busy, as was the manager who was helping a little and working the register. Anyway, after about 3 minutes of waiting (without any words from the worker) a woman comes in and gets in line next to me. She must be a regular, because the employee greets her, asks how she is, then asks if she wants her regular order. She says she does, but she needs a dozen bagels as well. While still working on the large order, he gets a bagel and cuts it to toast. In between finishing the large order, he gets a bagel with cream cheese ready, then hands it to the manager - and the lady goes to join him and tell him she needs her dozen bagels as well.The manager proceeds to get her dozen, and the employee keeps finishing the other order before he finally is bothered to ask me what I want.So the employee completely ignored me, but greeted and helped someone he knew who came in several minutes after me. By the time he finally took my order, she had already paid. I complained to the manager, who of course thanked me for bringing it to his attention. However, this same employee has been terrible before. There is no excuse for that kind of shockingly bad service. Like I said - never again. And you shouldn't go there either. And this doesn't even address the time I was there and 3 upper level management people were there mediating a disagreement between a store manager and an employee, with him calling her disrespectful and her accusing him of racism. In the middle of the store during business hours, when all of us customers could hear. What a crappy, crappy business.
4	We love trying new places when we're out of town, and my daughter was requesting bagels. So we popped in here for breakfast.There were several cream cheese varieties and I was debating on which I wanted, but I finally settled on the onion & chive on an onion bagel. My daughter was basic - plain bagel with plain cream cheese. My son got a plain bagel with PB&J. And my husband had some sort of breakfast egg bagel sandwich.It was all very good. The girls behind the counter were very nice and worked to get us served quickly.
4	Busy place!  Fun to watch them making the bagels in the big vat.  Good food.  Great place to meet one or two people to chat.
