5	I think I am one of the first to get to experience this place and let me just say ..ah now this is what I needed. It's like a Tropical Smoothie meets Greens and Proteins meets Coffee Shop that was spliced with a healthy Egg Works. Lots of options meat, salads and vegetarian dishes, breakfast, coffee, smoothies. I can see this as being a healthy option for those doing shows, working out, training for fights, on Paleo or looking to indulge while staying healthy.I ordered three things, I like to eat what can I say? The best I can do to stifle my inner fat kid is to force-feed him healthy meals a majority of the time. 3 steps forward, one step back. Anyway, I got the bison cheeseburger, PH breakfast, and BBQ chicken bowl with quinoa (with BBQ sauce flavored with stevia instead of sugar, damn they're on it for those of you that like to drizzle sauce all over your food). A little more expensive from most places but about on par when I'm ordering things like bison, which isn't cheap. When I first started eating it, of course I wanted to compare it to Greens and Proteins but it's not really the same thing. Greens and protein is healthy and has good health alternatives for vegans and vegetarians but outside of several items it lacks sufficient protein options for me. So where Greens and Proteins lacks Protein House makes up in protein (meat, chicken, egg whites), alternatives for customized shakes, and smoothies, and easier to stay within how my friends and I eat. So can't really compare the two, they're both good. It's like comparing apples and oranges, both fruit, but they are both in different categories.  In any event, they're still working out some kinks but this place has the potential to continue expanding and get better. Now I know some of you picky eaters will complain that it's just okay but I also heard this from the same person who dislikes fish and complains at sushi restaurants. Wtf! Hey it might just not be your thing. But it's simple, if you need your protein, you need your veggies, you need your carbs and you need healthy, this is the spot. This isn't necessarily a place I would go to indulge but it is exactly the place I would go to keep me on track during the week so I can indulge later in the weekend. (See fat kid reference above.)
3	We stopped in on a Sunday afternoon to experience this new place.  I am pretty open when it comes to my food even with watching calories.  I ordered the PH Pancakes and my hubby ordered the Bison Burger wrapped in lettuce.  The pancakes were a nice multigrain, whey protein and it seems like a touch of cinnamon.  I have to say they were awesome.  My six egg whites were delivered on the side and were good as well.  I mean, you can't mess up egg whites.  My hubby was disappointed in the Bison burger as he felt it was rather bland, nor real seasoning at all.  Now, the reason I gave them 3 stars was all about the service. Service here is horrible.  We ordered our food and it took 45 mins for it to all be completed.  There were two other couples that ordered ahead of us and were already seated when we walked in the door to order.  Several other groups of people were served before we were including the two couples already seated.  I went up to ask if our order was misplaced.  My hubbies burger had been sitting on the counter for 10 mins and they didn't call us as they were still making my order of pancakes.  One of the other couples there said they had the same problem. Now the place itself is a great industrial design.  But they have the music blaring so loud that  you literally have to be sitting next to the kitchen to hear when your name is called for your food. If you are into healthy food, I have to agree they are good but if you can, call ahead for pick up because the wait is just not fun. And be prepared to pay a little higher for your food than other places.
5	A new restaurant in the valley named Protein House.  With a name like that, of course I need to see what's really going on.  Located off Eastern Avenue near LVAC and Gold's Gym, Protein House is another restaurant that offers healthy eats with a ton of protein. But to me, PH is not just another healthy meal stop. PH offers smoothies, breakfast, burgers, bowls, and salads. To order, you can either go straight to the counter and place your order off their menu. Or, you can take their order checklist, select your meal, and then hand it to the counter.  You also have the option to build your own burger, salad, and bowl.  Because this was my first visit, I decided on their biggest and baddest burger, their Muscle Builder Burger. This burger is 12 oz of ground Bison, onions, cheese, and Canadian bacon all served in a whole wheat bun. I had this medium well and swear that this is one of the best bison burgers I have ever had.  Most exotic meats like bison come gamey and with no taste. Here at PH, they found a way to create this burger with flavor.  By the way, trying to up your protein for the day? This burger has to be close to 70 grams of protein.  Yeah buddy!As for the restaurant itself, I felt that it is a little small. But I love the ambiance, decor, and service. One things for sure, there's a ton of fit peeps eating here. I also got the opportunity to meet one of the owners, Andrew Bic. To be successful in any venture, it comes down to how you treat people. Andrew got this right. He took the time to chat it up, ask for suggestions, and gave a little insight of what PH is all about.  I didn't get the chance to meet the other owner, Larissa  Reis, but look forward to it on future visits.  If you're use to the taste that a 1000 calorie burger joint has to offer, then maybe Protein House is not for you.  If you're looking for some quality macros with high amounts of protein in a burger, then give Protein House a shot.  Wish List:-Ostrich:  With about the same amount of protein as steak and with calories/fat that rival chicken, I think ostrich should be on their menu.-Nutritional Information:  For a place that specializes in selling healthy meals, I think this information is necessary.  Per the owner, this is in the works with a dietitian.PS: Like all other healthy eating locations (i.e Whole Foods, Greens & Protein, etc), expect a higher price tag here.  But through their build-your-own, you can actually get a meal fairly cheap.
1	I gave this place two tries......I thought the first time was just a hiccup because they were newly opened and they needed to get their groove together. BUT I WAS WRONG!When I pickup a takeout order I always look in each box to make sure everything is right, I failed to do so this time!  I took a quick peek at a few boxes, seemed to be right but I was wrong!!!When I got back to the office we opened our boxes and two out of four were wrong.  The two that were wrong were mixed up.  I drove back, they remade it but did not seem concerned about the quality of their services. One staff member tried to bring me a left over smoothie to help out, cool dude..left over?  Uggh no thanks. About a week later the office wanted to try it again, so this time I made sure to look in the boxes....well 3 out of 4 were right!  Of course, mine was the one they messed up on AGAIN!  I even looked in the box and it seemed to look good. I did the "make your own bowl"  but I guess what I had asked for was too complicated for them because they ended up making a signature bowl they already offer.  ON THE TICKET/RECEIPT it is listed correctly so I do not know who is being lazy in the kitchen!  I did not go back to fix it, it just wasnt worth my time. I probably will not try this place again unless I am forced to.
5	Delicious and truly a healthy clean meal.
3	I stopped in for a smoothie and a bite to eat since I was in the neighborhood. My green drink and vegetarian bowl were tasty. The place has modern decor.There is an open kitchen so you can see what is happening while it is happening. Plenty of staff to help get your order out quickly. I would like to see the menu expand a bit to compete with other healthy choices like Greens and Proteins.
5	Delicious... nutritious... Great atmosphere, friendly staff. This just became my new favorite place.
2	My partner and I tried this place for the first time last night. We really looked forward to it because of its great location, health-minded orientation, and menu offerings. While this place is a great idea and has unimaginable potential, they are not quite there yet with her food preparation. I had the teriyaki bowl to start. The menu offers rice and quinoa, but I was left without the option when she took my order. I settled for rice, which is not my favorite, and was quickly disappointed by it being undercooked. After giving them the benefit of the doubt and not yet having my hunger satisfied, we ordered the bison burger that the rest of the reviews suggested. It is a big mean burger, that is for sure, but again we were disappointed with the food preparation. She gave us the option of how we wanted the meat cooked and we requested it be cooked "medium." Unfortunately, the meat was cooked very well done. Like I said before, the restaurant and its food has so much potential, but the way it is prepared influences and is impressionable on its customers most. If customers are going to be given the option I'm have something will be cooked, then that is how it should be cooked. I was under the impression that the folks who are running the grill we're under experience, and therefore we would be willing to give this place a second chance.
1	Why so serious...I thought as I looked around at the staff on a slow Saturday afternoon. I was going to place my purse on the floor near my chair as I waited for my "fresh"  made-to-order Super Power juice but stopped when I saw stickiness on the floor. The glass table was just as grungy. Hoping the juice would make up for the sloppy table area, I waited...a long time. I sipped and wanted to spit it out. It tasted spoiled! I juice at home frequently with a Vita Mix and now a Ninja. I know these flavor profiles very well and like them a lot when they are made fresh. I couldn't believe my taste-buds. How could fresh juice taste spoiled? I did something I rarely do. I went back to complain. The lady smiled and offered me another type. I tried the Detox, substituted cucumbers for celery. Although this one didn't have the Blah factor of the first one, I threw it out anyways because it tasted old. When she was preparing my second juice the mystery of spoiled juice was revealed. This IS NOT FRESH JUICE. They have plastic containers in the fridge where they pour out OLD juice made in the morning, (the way my first juice  tasted SPOILED, I doubt its all made in the morning. You don't have room for fresh veggies? ( That's what I was told), what else don't you have room for? Now I get why the staff looked so serious. I hope the owners fix this soon. Paying 6.99 for stale juice is fraudulent when people are thinking they are getting fresh juice.
4	Healthy and Clean Eating is what is emphasized here and they have it down. I love it! It's been popping up on my Yelp radar (aka the mobile app) among some of my clean eating, gym addict friends..(yeah you Mel C!) I went for their Signature Vegetarian bowl and the Green Monster Juice. The huge bowl came with tasty fluffy quinoa and steamed asparagus, mushrooms broccoli, red peppers, and I know I'm missing mentioning other veggies but I loved it, I'm hooked! The juice was also good but my cup couldve been fuller with more juice and less foam. The place is pretty busy and table seating wise not enough especially when some are taking up table space with their nose buried in the laptops only. That was annoying.  Otherwise, the dining and lounge area is pretty chill.  Next time I'm going to try the "Create Your Own" Bowl though. I didn't realize you can do this till I got up to leave.  NOTE to PH: It would be helpful if staff would ask their customers if it was there first time there and if so, let them know you can order from set menu or direct them to the tables on the side where you choose what you want for your order. I thought those menus were there for info sakes and tables to lean on while waiting..lol ..but now I know what to do next time I have lunch there.
5	The surroundings are a cut above the typical fast food restaurant and the staff is very friendly.  The PH Burger was delicious! It is a nice place to have a healthy meal.  Ill definitely be back!
5	Absolutley outstanding! Was visiting Vegas from my home back in Alaska and since im a health freak and am very strict on what I eat, I surely enough found Protein House while searching for healthy restaurants in Vegas. Came here on my fourth day in Vegas and the food was fantastic! Also ordered a strawberry banana protein shake to go along with the chicken salad I ordered. My mom enjoyed here chicken salad as well as my grandmother who enjoyed her burger. Will most defiantly make a trip here again when I visit Vegas next year. The restaurant was clean, quiet, wasnt to busy the time we came, and our food was made quick. Wish we had a place like this back home. Overall I had an amazing experience with Protein House.
4	Created by bodybuilders with customers who are into fitness and their health in mind, Protein House's offerings fit in perfectly with those who are eating clean, or trying to.  Located conveniently across the street from the Gold's gym on Eastern near Serene and down the street from LVAC, this has been a good spot for us to eat post-workout.  Breakfasts, burgers, bowls, salads, juices, and smoothies are on the menu, with options to choose from one of PH's creations or make your own, which I prefer.  I've had a turkey bowl and a sirloin steak bowl, with either the quinoa or brown rice, adding mushrooms, tomatoes,or broccoli.  I monitor the portion sizes of my protein and carbs, and PH's menu helps by listing the ounces of their servings knowing that there are other people like me who want to know those details.  Andrew, the co-owner and the picture of muscle and fitness himself, has been there each time we've eaten there, manning the register and always checking on us after we get our orders. He said that nutritional info for all the menu items is coming soon, which will be another feather in PH's cap.  Eat clean, train mean -  try Protein House if this is your mantra.
4	On the recommendation from Mel, Terri and Shirley, I decided to check this place out.  It seems to be a fitting place for me.  So, I met fellow Yelper Loren and her boyfriend for lunch.  Protein House is in a strip mall in Green Valley.  I didn't have any problems finding the place nor parking.  I walked in and sat down and checked out the menu.  They have a pretty extensive menu that could fill all of my nutritional needs.  I decided to go with a protein bowl, called the Lolo bowl.  The bowl had Chocolate Whey Protein, strawberries, blueberries, bananas, and oats.  It was really filling and a perfect treat for a hot summer day.Loren and Skyler had a Mahi Tuna sandwich that looked amazing.  The decor was interesting.  There was a wall full of posters of hot fitness competitors, called the wall of fame.  I am pretty sure that I would return here to have a P.W.O. meal again.  I would love to see a nutritional breakdown for their meals there.  I am one that keeps tracks of my macros.  That would be a great touch.
1	One of the most frustrating things as a consumer is to feel the need to check your take out order for accuracy before walking out. I should have known from my 25-minute observation while waiting for our 2-item order that I should not have stepped foot out of this place without checking my order. So, here I am stuck with a lunch I won't eat. I ordered ahi, cooked all the way through... No pink, I explicitly stated. Ahi I got was as pink as can be. I ordered brown rice. No rice to be found. I tried calling the restaurant just to let them know and it goes straight to voice mail.   Anyway, maybe I'll give this place another chance, but I'd better make sure that I have a good 30-minutes to wait for my food.
2	Was really excited when they opened up. There are limited healthy options in this side of town as we have way too many chain and fast food establishments. Had high hopes for this spot. Tried it last night and was disappointed. Ordered two Italian Stallion salads. Two salads are quite pricy ($12 each) and came to just over $25. For that price we expected great salads. To our shock the salads were TEENY tiny. After leaving a tip, paying almost $30 - we were given two salads that we both finished in about three bites. The chicken portion was very small and laughable. The "dressing" was clumpy and looked "off" (we used our own vinaigrette). If I was to guess I would also assume these salads were not made fresh and prepackaged, as the lettuce was wilting and soft, had some brown edges and asparagus was soggy? Hard to mess up a salad but somehow they managed it. Felt slighted for the amount spent. Next time I want a good salad I will go to Cafe RIO next door and save $$$. Going to wait some time and give PH some time to make improvements to their menu and operations before I return. It's a great concept, just need to step up quality and adjust prices slightly to better reflect the area. Have seen way too many places come and go in that immediate area. Hope they can make it!
5	This is my favorite place to go for a meal post workout or anytime when I'm craving meals that are conducive to a healthy lifestyle. My favorite thing on the menu so far is the "PH burger". It's a bison meat burger with an incredibly fresh wheat bun.The environment is relaxed with an upbeat vibe. EDM is typically playing throughout the day, which keeps the atmosphere young. The restaurant itself is clean and well maintained by a staff, and the owners, who care about food, fitness and their customers. No complaints about this place other than the chairs being a little squeaky ;)
2	I was not impressed by this place at all. I love seeing restaurants with a sort of healthy theme but this place is skippable. I came in late one evening and ordered a veggie and rice bowl. The restaurant was not busy and yet it was a mess. Where I stood to order my food you can see the kitchen area and there was food every where on the floor. If it were busy, it would be understandable. After ordering, I sat down to wait for my order to get made and realized that one table was customers and another was employees and friends of theirs. The dining area had boxes, papers and junk all over the place. The floor was dirty and so were most of the tables. This annoyed me because it seemed they were almost over staffed and yet it was a huge mess in the place. They did chose to make the restaurant mostly white so I am sure this is why the mess stands out so much. They had music playing and it was that music you would hear in a 'pump you up' cycling class. It was way too loud! I asked for a to go box and felt like we need to shout to hear each other. Too much. Who wants to eat with harsh base beats pulsing in their ears? That can not be healthy. I ordered the veggie bowl with brown rice. It was decent but, I would not go out of my way to come back here. I do not remember if it seemed over priced or anything but the experience as a whole was 'meh'.If I heard that things improved at this place I might give it another go but for now I will be passing.
3	My health crazed boss got me so excited when she told me about the Protein House because she said the menu items were healthy an tasted Great but I was less then pleased. I ordered a BBQ chicken bowl with brown rice and added pineapple. The BBQ sauce is supposed to be healthier because they use Splenda instead of actual sugar and the taste DEFINITELY suffers. I also thought the portion of the bowl was small for $10 but i did get full really fast. I love the idea of the place and I want it to do well but this is more of a place to go when you want to eat out but not feel guilty about it, but like any place that promotes healthy food suffers in the taste department.
4	No more juices..that means no more Green Monster Juice....waah...the person taking my order said they stopped making juices because it was not in demand, hard to keep ingredients in stock and it's hard to make? You still can order smoothies though and they did manage to come close to making my drink, just in smoothie form. Still 4 star worthy since I like the ingredients to make my custom bowl of Quiona,Turkey Burger, Pineapple with Cilantro Lime dressing.
4	I am going to steal Molly's description when I say this place looks like Greens and Proteins, if Greens and Proteins were a night club. It is located in the plaza off of Eastern and Richmar near Grimaldis.The restaurants is spacious with a modern flair to it. It had abundant seating between the sleek tables and comfy couches. The menu had standards items, or you could build your own masterpiece of healthy deliciousness. They serve breakfast, burgers, salads, bowls, juices and smoothies. I opted for the Greek Bowl: ground up turkey burger, roasted tomato, black olives, feta cheese, cucumber, and red onion. These items come on top of your choice of either brown rice or quinoa; I went with quinoa. I tossed some sriracha in there, because I am an addict and I admit it. It tasted phenomenal and the portion size was enough for two meals. The price was a bit steep - $9.99 plus tax for the bowl. The Yelp check in was 10% off, but I am not sure if they still have that promotion. It is definitely a great option for when you are trying to eat well, but not skimp on the flavor. The staff was friendly and patient. I am excited to try more of their menu.
2	The Protein House on Eastern in Las Vegas Left Me DisappointedMy hubby and I are kind of health nuts, by that I mean we work out 5-6 days per week and eat a 98% non processed vegan diet.I was with my son at Sams Club right nearby and was starving, so I thought that I would go out and check out the Protein House. I thought for sure it would be a healthy menu that I could get something I would not regret eating.Walking in the Protein House, I felt a little uncomfortable, there was a huge guy, likely a body builder or fighter hovering over the cashier, and he didn't seem extremely friendly. But, I did take this as a good sign that bodies were the focus in this place and I liked that. I was right, it is a healthy menu, however I do have a problem with a place that calls itself the "Protein House" or "Greens and Proteins" for that matter and they have not gotten with the times, that a lot of people do not eat meat anymore. This place does get "kudos" for having a vegan protein on the menu, which Greens and Proteins does not, but its vegetarian and vegan options for food are a little on the "down low."Why don't you have tofu options for your salads, bowls, etc? or Gardein? Heck the Yardhouse has an entire Gardein menu, get a clue!They have a black bean and quinoa veggie burger and a veggie bowl. The veggie bowl can be quinoa or brown rice and I love both, but they don't come with a sauce. So, I asked what the sauce was and they looked at me like I was crazy. It doesn't come with a sauce they said, do you want a sauce on the side, and I said yes. What do you have? The girl was very nice and said we have bbq, teriyaki, balsalmic, blah blah many others. Ok, so I went with teriyaki as I am vegan and I figured this would be the least likely to get messed up with some cheese or cream or something so I chose that one. I specifically asked for NO mushrooms, its the one veggie that I hate.I had to ask how to get my bottle of water and it was uncomfortably quiet in there while I waited for my food, except for the massive TV with the SF 49r's game on and my six year old which were great contributions to the action. They have a table set up in the back that appears to be their office, I found that tacky... now I have some ideas if they want them to make that table cool and fit the theme, like make it a judges table, autograph table or nutrition booth or something, but to sit out there in the public like that is just unprofessional. When I did receive my food, it was FULL of mushrooms, but I was starving and it wasn't meat or cheese so I attempted to pick them out as I went along. The veggies were gorgeous, asparagus, peppers, cauliflower, zucchini and the quinoa was cooked perfectly. My only suggestion is for them not to cut the veggies up so small, this is the main part of the veggie dish and they were diced teeny tiny seeming like I was still missing the main dish.Oh, the sauce... well the first sauce was my teriyaki and it looked creamy! How does teriyaki get creamy? I don't know, but I'm not eating it. I asked for something else, I got the balsamic. It looked chunky and not like any balsamic I have ever seen. So, unfortunately my opinion on the sauces is very poor. If you serve a bowl of any kind, don't you need a sauce?I guess I'm the only one who ever asked for a sauce as they looked at me like an alien when I asked for one. Last but not least. SALT. I know, its not the best for you, but I need flavor on my food.At the Protein House, I walked around and found pepper but no salt. And, they couldn't find salt. I mean I know you are a bunch of manly and womanly body builder types, but 99% of the population wants some salt on their food.They finally found me some in the kitchen in a cabinet and had to put it in a little dish for me. Wow, Gordon Ramsay would have had a hay day with that episode.All in all, I appreciate the whole idea of the place, its supposed to be trendy and focused on body building, but they have to be realistic that the bodybuilding population is such a small percentage of their potential revenue, that they have to open their minds to all the other healthy people out there that might want to eat there.After today, I will not go back, unless of course I see a change of the way I was treated or (sized up), the menu and the atmosphere. Otherwise if they were going on food only, minus the mushroom mistake, the food concept is one that I would love!
4	This place is nicely decorated and ambiance is nice.  They always have fitness magazines scattered throughout in order for you to read. They even gave away some preworkout powder on the counter.Also there is no fountain soda drinks, just tea from what I can see.I had the PH burger with sweet potatos and it was surprisingly very delicious.
4	This is definitely a bodybuilder's/fitness paradise!!! If you want unhealthy, deep fried, useless calorie dense meals, this is NOT the place for you. Wish we had one of these joints in AZ!!!! The price is a bit high but for healthy food that nourishes your body/muscles, you can't put a price tag on that. I ordered the Sexy bitch bowl with lime/cilantro vinaigrette. Super tasty & healthy. My sister ordered the Aloha Ahi burger with sweet potatoes. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!
2	I've been here a couple times mainly because I didn't feel like cooking my own protein meal/making a juice/shake. I've had their Teriyaki Bowl with quinoa and their Muscle Burger as a lettuce wrap. It actually looks like they've changed their menu since I've last been here... they don't have juices anymore but I've had a juice that was called like the Hang Over Cure or something... and some other juice that tasted a bit better than whatever was in the hang over one.The Teriyaki bowl was okay. The salmon was a bit dry. The bowl could have used more sauce/flavor. I was really hungry when I was eating it and rushing over to a photo shoot though, so I wasn't exactly sitting and enjoying the meal, moreso shoveling it into my mouth.The muscle burger as a lettuce wrap was impossible to eat as a lettuce wrap. I had to take my knife and fork to it. And there definitely wasn't enough lettuce or onions. Really just a ton of meat and cheese. And it definitely wasn't cooked medium. I only got this because the owner, at least I'm assuming the owner, recommended it. I barely put a dent into this monster when my stomach decided it wanted nothing more to do with it. I knew I should have asked for it without the cheddar cheese, but I didn't, and I literally couldn't function for the rest of the day. I'm assuming the cheese and resulting grease was the culprit as I've been on a really clean diet for a couple months already.  I took the rest home where I discarded the cheese. The meat ended up tasting pretty bland. The sweet potatoes were good though.I haven't been a fan of the customer service. The girls at the counter always seem aloof, looking like the girls who get dolled up to go to the gym and act like they're better than you. The other workers who look like body builders just seem to keep to themselves. The only friendly interaction I've had with a worker was the guy who recommended the muscle burger to me.
5	Awesome Salmon salad!   Hugh piece of salmon on a fluffy bed of superfresh field greens!  Seasoned perfectly not drenched with dressing!  The BEST espresso!    Thick gigantic smoothies!   Healthy, diverse menu! COOL URBAN decor filled with  "beautiful"  people dining inside, on the patio and working behind the counter!...Clean, contemporary, healthy...have to go back!
5	Their protein pancakes with egg whites were amazing great service , their southwestern bowl is also one of my favs Would recommend this place to everyone
3	This is an interesting place and has some potential. This was my first time here, however, I do like to cook and eat healthy meals myself.The food was OK, the meat was a bit bland and seemed to lack even the basic flavor. I think with some work this place can turn around and tailor to everyone who enters the door. Not yet though.
4	Greens and Proteins on actual steroids. The walls are covered in bodybuilder photos, and the food is actually cooked rather than assembled down the way at Greens. It is pricey, though. The cheapest thing on the menu is a $4.99 post-workout shake that is frothy and fluffy and delicious and a good thing for my post-yoga muscles. The bowls will run you $10-14, but I definitely have had enough for two meals so it's not too terrible. Parking is kind of a drag since it is in a very cramped shopping center, especially during the lunch rush since there are so many places to eat in here. Recommended for healthy options in this area!
4	My girlfriend and I went to this place when we were doing the 30 day Paleo diet. Parking lot is packed so give yourself a couple minutes extra if your on a time constraint. Walking in feel pretty welcoming with lots of things to look at. We ordered the bison burger without bread and was pleased with how it tasted. This is not gonna be a gourmet burger but when trying to eat healthy it really did hit the spot.The item on their menu we liked most was the real fruit smoothies. It didnt seem like it had any added sugars or even those fake sugars like turbinado or aspartame.Really liked the fact that you cant even choose to drink a soda because they don't have any.Pricing will seem a bit high but I think its mostly spot on with how expensive organics and grass fed beef stuff is.Owner seems really nice.I have one complaint and its really a small one. When we were there they were running one of those little vacuums that is only a little noisy. I don't know if the owner is OCD but a vacuum while eating is just an itty bitty complaint. The place is really spotless.All in all I really like t his place for giving me a choice to go to for when I'm trying to eat clean. There really isn't a lot of places like that in Vegas. I am going to go back as I find that its worth it.
4	Southwest bowl w brown rice. Was delcious! I have no complaints about the food and speed of service. I was not greeted upon entering or even acknowledged. So that needs some customer service work but the food was made promptly and accurately and tasted great.
4	Diamond one of the workers so helpful and informational. I'm a macro counter so I sometimes ask the macro count of foods, they didn't have it off the top of their head but they knew where they could get it. The place it modern and has photos of bodybuilders all over the place, I can see it being some what intimidating makes it look like a "GYM BRO" atmosphere but after you get past that its cool and chill, I honestly don't mind it I think it motivation. Along with the decor a nice big TV for you to watch the games! They have a wall for titled "who's in da house?" with bodybuilders, fighters and other famous people that have been to Protein house.I for one spent a lot there the first time 70$+ 0.o but I did order 4 things... and purchased a shirt. The food items are high quality worth the price.They just need to open on in summerlin then I'd be a happy camper!
2	I felt like I had just walked into the free weight area of Gold's Gym or stepped onto the Jersey Shore, lots of steroids and meatheads. Kinda went here on a whim, wanted something healthy and wanted to try somewhere besides Greens & Proteins. It was both my friend and my first time here, the girl at the counter didn't seem interested in offering any suggestions or helping us. I decided to try the Greek Signature Bowl, turkey burger, tomato, black olives, feta, cucumber and red onion, and I chose quinoa for the carb. This was really lacking in flavor and for $9.99 I was really disappointed. I also didn't like that they didn't have the nutritional value available.They don't sell soda or have a soda machine, yet they sell Crystal Lite and have 10+ sugar free syrups behind the counter, artificial sugar is just as bad as soda. I don't see myself returning. If I'm going to spend the money I'd rather go to Greens & Proteins.
3	If you're crunched for time and you're looking for a clean option they are great. The service is so so at best. Make sure you double check your order before you leave and expect to wait at least 15 minutes. I honestly think what I cook is better - BUT if you need to eat out and you want something clean this is the place to do it. I tried the bison burger and the black bean burger. Both were okay and the sweet potatoes that they came with deserve better - they were soggy and the seasoning was off.
4	So far so good at protein house, my go to is the Italian stallion and the Greek bowl with brown rice. I actually tried out some type of choc brownie this week and surprisingly it was unreal ..... Not sure how healthy it was but def tasted great ! Recommend protein house for after work out meal
5	Healthy food, fresh ingredients, generous servings and close to the gyms!  A fitness fanatics paradise.  I've read a few other reviews on here & if you're not into "clean eating" than this place probably isn't for you.  The food isn't doused in sodium, there aren't any soda machines & their condiment options include stevia.  Now this is health at its best.  Don't let the wall of bodybuilders intimidate you.  If anything, the staff is really friendly.  My only complaint is that my muscle-head BF & I would love to see another location in N. Las Vegas :)
4	I love all the food they serve! It's always fresh and healthy--everything a fitness junkie eats all in one place. However, the only bad thing I can say about the place is how my order always seems to get messed up in one way or another every time I order here. Whether it be something added that I didn't want or something that I did want that's not put on the plate, it happens every time! I also don't like how they do not keep the restaurant clean at all times. Whenever I'm there, there's crumbs on the floor or tables not cleaned up after, which I guess the white tile, walls, and furniture don't help to hide but still, ewww. There's always at least five to six people working so I would think they would keep it clean at all times. Other than that the atmosphere is really chic, plus it makes me feel expensive and healthy all at the same time. I would recommend that if you were to order a breakfast item, to get the Protein Pancake Combo! I'm addicted, it is so good and so is every other item on the menu.
4	Located in the old Illy Espresso place, next to Grimaldi's, this place is perfect for a quick healthy bite--breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  I came around brunch time on a weekday.  Patrons consisted of alotta gym folk and lunch break goers, but it wasn't crazy busy so it was a good place for me to get some work done (free wifi, plus a couple of outlets for electronics--yay!).  I really like their bowls.  Fresh in quality and flavor.  I made my own bowl which consisted of steak, red onions, tomatoes, mushroom, cilantro, and feta over quinoa with a side of cilantro-lime vinaigrette.  It came out to about $14--not bad considering the quality of the food.  I also tried the lolo bowl (~$8), which was chocolate/peanut butter whey concoction, topped with granola, honey, strawberries, and bananas.  The foods really filling, and I had leftovers for another meal.  Service wasn't bad.  They serve things up on real plates and clean up after you when you leave.  The place is really well-kept and clean--including the bathrooms.  The back walls and bathroom are decorated with a bunch of pictures of fitness folk--bulging muscles and all--not my cup of tea, but I don't mind it.  They also have a huge TV for patrons to catch the latest sports highlights.Overall, a good healthy option to try.
2	I went here a couple of weeks ago for lunch with a co-worker.. I had the berry lovers salad which was decent.. however the customer service I received was not the best. I am a larger person..not a body builder or slim by any means.. when someone is there spending their money on a service you provide.. it might be best not to make a comment to a co-worker to "check out this chick" and then have that co-worker look at me and laugh. Keep in mind .. customers are what keep you in business and employed.. if you need to make a comment or laugh.. best not to do it when the customer can see and hear you..
5	Finally get to try this place! This was definitely on the top of my list to do while here in Vegas, hit up Gold's gym and post workout grub here at protein house. Food are amazing! Bison burger tastes like its made from heaven, friendly staff, from owners to their kitchen guys everyone are so nice! Sucks that we don't have protein house in San Diego :/
4	Pretty good to come eat and have a shake after the gym!Pretty pricey, BUT what healthy place isn't? The shakes were tasty and the food was pretty good!I'd come back.
1	Sitting in fun atmosphere but 20 min to make a shake is not a reason to come back.  It's now 255 and I walked In at 230 for a muscle freak and there aren't a lot of people  here. Some people are getting their foods before me as they ordered AFTER ME. it's bad customer service :( not coming back as quick as I thought I would.
5	I really like this place.  A tad pricey, but reasonable considering they are serving real food and folks, real food costs more.  Serving sizes are generous, unlike many health oriented restaurants, and mine (teriyaki bowl with salmon) was perfectly prepared.  Salmon was moist and the vegetables still had some crunch. I would recommend it highly.   Oh the service.  Yes they do seem a bit disconnected, but not a big deal IMHO.   I hope they make it.  The world needs more dining options like this one.
5	Healthy and tasty!This is the big difference between them and greens and proteins. For who says they are expensive they make me laugh. The food averages between 10$ and 15$. I don't understand where they go to get a meal for less money  than that, McDonald maybe. They are always very polite. The cappuccino and smoothies are also very good.
5	---Rant---If I could give this place **more than 5 stars***, I would~Service-wise, I got a pretty good description of the food from a few different servers/staff.  In fact, the first time I was ordering their Peanut Butter Dream (protein shake) and asked for 3 extra scoops, the huge guy behind the counter (who I assume is also the owner) said "no you don't want that because each scoop is 25 grams of protein, so that plus the peanut butter and the egg white..."  I was totally stoked when he said that because most places like Jamba Juice and such give you a measly 10 grams of protein per scoop, which is total weaksauce!  Protein House gives you a whopping 25 grams of whey protein per scoop as well as different flavors!  EXCELLENT~So over the course of a 7 day climbing trip, I ate here 5 days, mostly for dinner.  Tried the PH Hash, a DOUBLE Bison burger, their Quinoa Bowl, all of which were amazing, tasty, and most importantly for me, LOADED with protein!Bodybuilding must be big in Vegas because the walls were plastered with signed autographs of some seriously hot IFBB Figure Competitors like Larissa Reis (actually there was A LOT of Larissa Reis all over the wall, and understandably so.  She's hot~).My only negative comment is that there isn't one of these in California!!! I guarantee people in Newport Beach would pay more than what they charge in Henderson for this kind of quality and type of food!Rock Climbing is like ALL DAY strength training/power lifting for your back/biceps/forearms.  Protein House gives me exactly what I need to recover from a long day of hard bouldering and class 3/class 4 hiking. I HIGHLY recommend this place if you want a great tasting, generously portioned, high protein meal for a reasonable price.---Overall---Service: A, stellarFood: A+, amazing food, high qualityAtmosphere: A+, Larissa Reis...'nuff said.
4	A great place to go after a workout. The smoothies and bowls are pretty yummy. I'm a sucker for their pancakes. It can be pricey but it's pretty typical for a healthy joint.
3	Nice looking inside, but food was overpriced and over cooked and staff was a bit confused/unhappy. Food and Smoothie were both very bland. Owner or manager was very helpful though. It's possible they have just opened so it may get better. :)
4	Obviously a little pricey but then again its a health restaurant. I was already expecting it.I ordered the LS Steak Burrito. It was really good. I love spicy so I was dipping it in Sriracha sauce but overall it was delicious. Very modern way of dining. EDM music playing.Environment was clean and pretty good. Staff was friendly. I'm going to have to come back here a few times to have my final say but as of now, i wouldn't mind coming back
5	Love this place!! Had dinner here the last 2 days and have a feeling I'll be back often
4	How could you pass by a place with a name like Protein House and not stop in? This place is a bodybuilding fuel mecca. For those looking to eat clean with macros, portion sizes, or protein intake in mind this place can cater to your needs.Upon visiting I elected to go for the $14.99 Muscle Builder burger cooked medium rare. Two bison burger patties topped with cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, and a slice of Canadian bacon on a wheat bun with a side of sweet potato sticks. In one word, this thing was phenomenal! I've had bison before, but this was the best I'd ever had. It's crazy how something so good for your body could taste so good. Upon ingesting, I immediately felt the nutrients rush to all of my major muscle groups and felt them start to grow! Slight exaggeration there, I apologize.When I had originally ordered my meal, the cashier turned her iPad screen around and it allowed me to input a pre-calculated tip. After I did so, she gave me my water cup and I filled it myself. When my food order was up, I had to get up and grab it myself. Not certain why a tip was necessary for that, but now at least I'll know for next time. Also, don't forget to check-in with the Yelp app and receive 10% off your entire order!
4	Talk about some hearty healthy food but with flair since my first impression walked in was is this ultra lounge for body builders or workout fanatics. Really not often you walk into health conscious restaurant see lounge area that can sit down got just about every fitness magazine laid out for reading pleasure (from muscle & fitness, just about every one can think of) but yet still have bar stools and tables relax have meal. One more thought with different. If ever lost in the world of fitness or IFBB need too know who current just walk into the bathrooms. Think kind of weird but too each his own. Now what really matters the food. It was my first time so really had no idea direction too go. It decent size menu so had just about every healthy option can think of. I like  the way the menu is structured from bowls, salads, burgers, and drinks. Each list typical healthy options comes too if want switch around protein, carb, add, or build your own healthy creation. I stuck with standard since was my first time. I went with the Southwest Bowl and Berry Jubilee for my drink. The Southwest Bowl was AAAwesome! I went with whole wheat pasta for my carb choice between brown rice, quinoa, or whole wheat pasta. I loved the fact that it was HEARTY healthy bowl. I always associate healthy with bare minimum of portion. At Protein House not cheating you out of your protein/carb! The top sirloin was cooked too my exact temp and combine the avacado, roasted tomatoe, roasted red pepper, cheese, and black bean salsa. Nice light sauce neither oily, greasy, and just light/refreshing pasta bowl. I could eat healthy everyday. It between pricey and cheap so not sure if could eat Protein House style healthy everyday. But without doubt you get the most bang for your buck hands down compare too other health restaurants. Look forward too trying more of the menu.The service was fabulous. One that make point not too go at the last second. Really wanted too try Protein House. 30 minutes is broader line. The whole staff never rushed us although my guilty conscious made me eat faster... Even when I apologize when we first walked in asked if ok they greeted us with smile and walked us through the menu for newbies.
4	Love coming to Protein House after a bball game for a smoothie or for a healthy lunch. Usually go with a berry berry blast smoothie. As far as food you can't mis, everything they have is healthy. I usually go with the PH Chopped Cobb or a Teriyaki Bowl. Prices are a little high but its worth it for the quality of food. There are many things on the menu that I would like to try so I will definitely be making a trip back soon.
3	A Bit expensive and didnt have much flavor compared to other healthy food places i have been to.
3	Just remember that A-OK and 3 stars is my way of saying "yes", this is a location worth visiting. And then you can make your own decision.........On a recent business trip, I ended up in Henderson, staying just South of PH, just off So. Eastern. It made PH a convenient prepared food source; I did dinner on Tuesday early evening. I ordered their turkey burger with lettuce in place of a bun. And I also ordered a custom picked veggie bowl. All was good, and I also ordered a hot tea. My only issue with this type of specialty restaurant is the experience of entering and ordering. PH doesn't really make a "newbie" feel competent. Frankly, I didn't know where to go or what to look at when I entered. And when I mentioned that to the couple in front of me, they said only because they had been there before, did they know "the routine." While the young ladies at the counter were helpful, this wasn't my idea of a possible franchise-ready business. It was more a place made for those who had been before, and knew the "routine and menu." I hadn't been there before, and certainly didn't know their menu. I felt like the owner/s missed the point of going over the design of the "...first three minutes a client enters." Other than my nit-picking.......... I did enjoy my turkey burger and veggies. It was a much better option than where I used to go to when traveling....... high carb and high sugar entrees. Out my way it's called.......... "BBQ!"   :-)
2	The food was wonderful -- a great Larissa's lunch special (Sexy Bitch) with salmon, quinoa, avocado, broccoli, mushrooms, spinach -- and affordably priced.  The low rating was because of a noxious cigar smoke smell that led me to go back home and wash my hair and clothes. Someone was smoking a cigar just outside the entrance.  Every time the door opened (which was frequently; it's a busy place) the smell permeated the entire place (and we were sitting at a table nearly the farthest away from the door).  The staff (much closer to the door than us) had to have smelled it, and did nothing.  Finally, we gave up waiting for them to take some action, and spoke to the manager.  The manager did go out and apparently speak with the smoker -- but nothing changed! The smoker continued to smoke and the staff did not seem to do anything else. Disappointed to say this, but we will think twice before going back.
2	The foods ok, seems expensive but i don't know how much bison hamburger costs... the real problem is the wait time, 40 minutes for a burger and smoothie is a bit ridiculous. on top of that they give me the wrong side.  If they weren't apologetic / nice about it would have been a 1 star rating. i told the girl taking my order i didn't like sweet potato fries, so she was offering me alternatives, she said mashed potatoes? i say sure... little did i know she meant mashed SWEET potatoes... BUT they gave me sweet potato FRIES anyways! then when i told them i got mashed they gave me another side box with mashed sweet potatoes... so after spending 20+ dollars on a burger combo and a smoothie I'm going home with 2 orders of sweet potatoes i'll never eat... save your money and time, cook at home for cheaper, healthier, to your taste, and eat 20 minutes sooner.
5	Its an excellent place to eat. Go after you've done a workout and you'll be even happier with yourself. The portions are just right. The place gets busy, so don't be surprised if you wait a minute. But its worth it. The prices are fair because you get what you pay for, and that is wholesome delicious food. Definitely a must for fitness buffs and for people who enjoy healthy food.
5	I love this place great post workout meal. Lots of options to choose from.
3	Ok place, food is kind of tasteless and service leaves a lot to be desired, but overall it's okay
2	So, I was super excited to try this place! However, the experience was not what I had hoped for.  The food was good! I will give them that! Expensive, but good.  The staff, was something else.  The cashier/order taker...horrible. Plain and simple.  She was rude, did not know how to answer any questions about the menu, and when taking the order wasn't asking important things like what do u want on your sandwich!  The restaurant was messy, dirty tables, things not stocked, ect. My favorite pRt was when we asked for lemon for iced tea, and she walked away from the cash register, picks up lemon wedges with her bare UNWASHED hand and just hands them to me. Really?? A young girl came in for the night shift, immediately started bussing tables, and cleaning up while the other cashier leaned against the counter and watched her! It was ridiculous! After paying $60 for 3 sandwiches and 2 drinks, I doubt highly that we will go back!
5	My new go to spot in vegas!This place is awesome from the food to the customer service it was an awesome experience.During a recent getaway myself and my girlfriend enjoyed an array of items on their menu.Muscle boy breakfast = straight and forward everything was cooked my liking and deliciousthai monster w/ brown rice = delicious and highly curious on to whats in their peanut sauce marinadesteak breakfast burrito = best thing ever (keep in mind ive been on a chicken rice diet for the past few weeks so red meat was like crack at this moment) it was like the perfect helping of red meat and egg whites. gf had the salmon salad at that too was crazy flavorful and delicious.we also tried a peanut butter protein smoothie = OH GOD (bigseanvoice) i seriously need to figure out how to make that thing.While we were waiting the manager noticed our anxiousness and decided to have us try out some samples of a new smoothie they were working on. Its little aspects like this that really give an impression on the type of business theyre running. Even the busboys were nice to even see how our experience was when he picked up our plates. my only want would be a macro count on their menu cause im very curious to see the calorie count/macro ratios on some of their items.
1	Went in for breakfast this morning and had a great meal.  I had the pancakes with egg whites....wonderful meal.  My husband had the breakfast burrito and really enjoyed it.  Everything is freshly prepared and made to order. WE were really enjoying our time until we were ready to leave.  At this time, I watched as one of the employees climbed onto the food prep counter to grab a container of protein powder that was above her reach.  She stood on the food prep counter with her shoes on...yuck.  Would not have been that big of a deal...but she didn't disinfect the counter or even wipe it off before she started using the exact same surface to prepare a smoothie for the next customer.  She put fresh fruit and vegetables on the counter in the exact spot she was just standing.  She saw me watching her and didn't seem to think it was a big deal.  I would assume this would violate a dozen or so health codes.  The bottom of shoes are filled with all kinds of disgusting things and belong no where near food prep.  After seeing this, I won't be back.  I don't think I can trust the cleanliness of the establishment.This revelation makes me sad as I have always enjoyed my food here and raved about it.
5	My go to spot when I need good healthy food or a post meal workout. I've ate here several times and I am never disappointed. The food has great flavors and good portions. A must try from everyone!
4	I am writing an update. My husband and I decided to give this place another try and I am so glad I did. Their southwest bowl is my favorite. They have made some staff changes and our food came out within 10 minutes, which for a made to order, healthy food place thats excellent.
4	I was drawn to the Illy logo in the window... Clearly this is a place for consuming protein, yet I needed a coffee.  Compared to the Illy Cafe at The Palazzo which was a huge letdown, this little place made a fantastic espresso! You can get a bunch of stuff in your coffee like whey and sugared or non-sugared flavorings if that is your gig.  Oh, and lots of really fit people, so suck it in, people.
3	I had really high expectations for this place! The place its self is pretty cool i like all the pictures they got up on the walls & and the massive tv. i got the Aloha Burger with sweet potatoes on the side. The burger was a bit dry the chicken was a bit over cooked in my opinion. I also think its a bit pricy. Idk maybe next time ill have a better experience!
4	I really enjoy eating at 'the protein house'.  My husband and I go here regularly after working out.  The skinny bitch bowl is extremely tasty, as is everything else I have tried.  The only reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because there is no nutritional information posted.  I keep track of everything I eat and drink and would like to be able to be more precise when it comes to my Macro intake.  Otherwise great food!
3	The food is good for the most part. I've gotten a couple of things there now and they always forget my sauce. Every time. The sweet potato fries and mash are very bland. I know it's meant to be healthy, I get it, but when I cook for myself at home to make healthy things I add seasoning. The concept of the place is great and I really really want to like this place more but it's just cheaper and tastier to cook for yourself at home.
4	Great spot to keep you motivated for the New Year!! I don't think you can order something unhealthy here. Plus when you look around inside you want to immediately go to the gym after placing your order.
2	Went here tonight for the first time.  Surprisingly, they don't have a lot of vegetarian options so I ordered the berry acai bowl which was listed for $7.99 and recommended to me by a friendly female staff member. A friendly male staff member rang me up and told me it would be $10.00. I told him it's listed on the menu for $7.99. He said "oh, that's for the smoothies, the bowls cost more" Well, that would be ok if it were actually listed anywhere on the menu, but it clearly states "smoothies and acai bowls $7.99" I thought maybe it was just a mistake on the menu so I looked above where they have the entire menu written on chalk boards. Once again, clearly listed "smoothies and acai bowls $7.99" I then asked the female employee if the price listed was wrong. She said "yes, the bowls are more because there's more toppings" I said "then you really should change the prices on the menus" she said "I know, I told him (the owner, manager??) that". The whole thing just seemed wrong to me. On top of that, it wasn't even that good, I've had much better acai bowls for less money and considering they were in Orange County where things are usually more expensive, that's saying a lot.
5	This is by far THE go to place for clean food that tastes awesome as well! I found myself eating here twice a day on this trip out here and feel slighted when I'm not close by and have to eat elsewhere. Nothing compares to it!Andy and Larissa definitely hit a home run when they opened this place, and the customer service is beyond reproach!I only hope they open another one in southern Cali someday. My favorite dishes are the Greek bowl and the P H bowl! Amazing!!
3	The food is amazing. Pricey... But good. The person taking my order however... Well... Thats another story. :(
4	First visit, so I can only speak for the BBQ bowl and PB&J smoothie, which were both very good! Obvious high quality, fresh ingredients. The service was friendly and fairly fast, although it wasn't busy at the time of my visit. My only two complaints are the lack of sauce in the BBQ bowl (I was offered extra on the side but declined as it was a to go order and I usually prefer minimal sauce), and the $18 price I paid. I tried it full well knowing this ahead of time, but unfortunately it will not become a regular stop for me just for that reason.
3	The food was good, nothing special that sets them apart though. I'd go again, but not if it's out of my way. Nice atmosphere, the visuals of extremely buff women everywhere is a little off putting. We get it.
4	I had Green Monster: Spanish,  pineapple,  honeydew,  lime, ginger, kale and coconut water. The ginger is strong and the lime zest is different. But I think I like it  but I'm having texture problems. Berry Lovers Signature Salad: spring mix, cucumbers,  green onions,  strawberries,  blueberries, Raspberries, grilled chicken with balsamic vinaigrette. The salad was really good
3	Didn't know this place was for muscle heads :) hence the name should've told me.  Anyway, we tried it out and it was ok. Not our cup of tea but I wouldn't mind trying some other items on the menu.  My salmon was over cooked though.  They give generous portions and the decor was nice.  No high chairs though so it seems not a kid friendly place.  I guess people that work out done eat out with their kids?? I was bugged by that.
4	Soooo about thos joint. Totally awesome. A little far for me but totally worth the drive. If your into healthy food then this is def the spot. Tue steak burrito o had was super clean with egg whites avacado and whope grain tortilla. The acai bowl here was also really bomb. Def recommend this placee to all who enjoy good straight up clean food.m
3	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Location is kind of far from home. Cashier was not very customer service oriented. Kind of pricey.LIKE  The smoothies. The breakfast items. Availability of healthier condiments.LOVE  The bowls. Plenty of protein!
2	Food was ok,  ordered the southwest veggie burger supposed to have cilantro and black bean salsa couldn't find the cilantro and not enough salsa the little bite that was there gave the burger great taste, too bad it was only a spoonful in a big burger. Customer service was blah,  no smile waiting behind the counter. Atmosphere was ok.  Next time going back to Greens & Proteins, better atmosphere,  flavorful healthy food w/ great customer service
4	Great spot, especially for "clean eating". I ordered the protein bison burger medium rare which came out perfect. I think for those coming in here expecting a "traditional" burger spot experience, this place prob. is not for you in a sense that yes, it's more of a healthy alternative that still taste great. The only reason I did not give 5 stars was the service was not that great during my visit.
5	One of my favorite places to grab a bite to eat. Healthy & good! The Greek Bowl is my favorite :) also love the Acai Bowl!
4	The food is tasty and healthful.  It is a little pricey but for fresh and healthy, it's worth it.  I had the salad with grilled salmon.  The dressing was so good I learned how to make it and use it all the time - balsamic agave. Yum.
4	I was introduced to this place by my trainer Derek. I met the owner he's such a sweet heart and has huge arms lol all the employees have always been very sweet as well. I've tried about 4 different things on the menu already PH breakfast burrito, sos salad, sexy bitch bowl and some other I can't remember! All of them were delicious!!! And not to mention healthy. Eating healthy never tasted so good till I found this place. I ALWAYS come after a session with my trainer & leave feeling good. I'm so sad this is their only location. Since I don't live so close to it! I can't wait till this place expands because we truly need more restaurants like this one!
2	Bad service.  The girls that are order takers weren't friendly.  No hello, thank you or have a Nice day.  So f'n rude.  The chicken with quinoa that I ordered was bland, portions were small for the $15 I paid. This place is overpriced for the quality and service you get.  Go to cafe Rio and get a chicken salad for $10 and it's good enough for 3 meals.   Plus their service is better and food taste delicious.
1	The food is great. Service terrible. Every time I go there is something wrong that is not my fault & I end up paying for it. It's really too bad because I really liked this place and kept giving them chance after chance. I will not go here again
4	I really like protein house. It's been almost impossible to find somewhere healthy to eat in Las Vegas and somewhere that will actually fill you up! I can really taste the quality of the good food. I'm hard to impress, but I'm impressed.
3	New experience at The Protein House for me, the Greek bowl is amazing! What happened to the Greek olives though? GREEK OLIVES IN A GREEK BOWL, Come on now!Also, the set up that they have to order is a mess. Call your order in before you get there, (unless you enjoy standing in line an having to shuffle about,) this way you by pass the two step dance moves that go on as people are ordering, coming and going and moving to sit down.Over all it was a good meal, eye candy all about- which is always pleasurable... super nice service! They are onto something for sure--- especially with this memo of GREEK-EFFING-OLIVES- YO!
2	I was so excited to try this place when my friend told me about it. Sadly, it didn't live up. Before I go on with my review, I will say my other two friends who ordered different dishes enjoyed their food. My other friend and I ordered salads (low carb day, ugh) with the seared ahi on top. I got a side of the sweet potato sticks. The seared ahi was so not fresh, it was kinda gross. I was a little nervous to eat it but I was starving so ate it anyway. It looked like frozen ahi that was thawed and it tasted really fishy. I was not a fan. The sweet potatoes were so undercooked, they may as well have just served them to me raw. I'm not sure if I'll come here again, if I do I definitely will not be ordering the seared ahi salad again. Great idea for a restaurant though. P.s. Why does the ice machine have a bunch of grime around the mouth of the dispenser? That was also a nono.
2	Wow- just had a word war with beautiful-eyed Juan at protein house about how the black olives that are in the quinoa bowl are "Greek olives," (in his mind- black olives are  Greek olives, in my mind black olives are NO fucking way GREEK!) black olives are Mexican! Which he apparently maybe- (thick hispanic accent- my people.) He may have olive culture deficit disorder! Hahaha, this is so funny now! Dam, I be funny!!!The bowl is called a GREEK bowl- Jack! His arrogance is repelling. The cutie pie at the register made everything lovely... Male ego bullshit- yuck! Kalamata olives are Greek! In my mind any ways... I obviously love this bowl- I will continue to return... I will continue to post as I do with truth and clarity.
4	Amazing food Their Special Satay Bowl with Asparagus and Brown Rice is off the charts. Generous portions and great balance of selections fuels this place with healthy meals. Your body will thank you later. Amazing selection from Bison to Beef and some of the best Green combos I have seen in the Vegas Valley - A gem working snacking at!
5	Favorite healthy spot in Vegas. Right next to Golds so I go right after training. Clean food and tastes amazing.
5	Service was outstanding! Food prepared quick with LARGE PORTIONS for a very low price. I am amazed by the low prices that the Protein House has. I loved the chocolate dessert muffin. Mmmmm! Larissa Reiss has a goldmine here! Go check it out!
4	I've been here a few times and I must say that I'm enjoying it more more after I go there each time. The prices are little high, but I do understand, because it's all made fresh and healthy and that's the best part!
3	This place is pretty cool.  I am truly religious to my fitness regimen and I like that i can get my fix to an S load of protein immediately following my workouts. However, prices are a little high for my liking and there are douchey fitness photos/magazines decorating the tables, walls, and website. Get over yourself Larissa Reis. Decent place overall though.
5	Owner Larissa Reis has created the perfect healthy eating establishment.  Not only is everything they sell very healthy; it all tastes delicious. And they'll customize any meal to your specific requirements. I love the ahi tuna salad; the salmon bowl with quinoa: and the ahi tune burger on Ezekiel bread with grilled sweet potato strips. I'm getting hungry just thinking of all the great dishes at Protein House!
5	Beautifully presented food. The ingredients are very fresh and healthy which is why its not priced like burger kind, more like Wild Willy's which is reasonable. Bison burger is amazing, my friend had the Portobello sandwich which was equally good, had a bite. Seared Ahi Tuna salad had a great dressing. Really enjoyed the ambiance, owner Larissa seemed very friendly and approachable. Will come back again.
4	First time here. The menu is fantastic, and I had a very hard time choosing. I settled on the bison burger, and it was excellent. The burger and sweet potatoes were both perfectly cooked, hot and fresh. I don't come to the east side of town often, but will definitely make the effort to come back!
5	Love this place. Clean eating and great smoothies. Try The Hulk smoothie. If I could go here every morning I would. They have a wide variety of foods for any palate. Larissa (owner) has done a great job!
5	This place is bomb. The food was good the service was great and fast. It's very casual. You'll be fin in gym attire. Price is worth it the servings were huge and you feel like you get your fill. This was with serving from so cal for. I'll be back again soon
3	I asked the girl that took my order the nutrition facts for the protein brownie and she had no idea. For a place that is run by a bodybuilder I thought there would be nutritional information available for each dish. We ordered Larissa's Thai monster bowl and the signature teriyaki bowl.Thai monster bowl- chicken was slightly raw; lacked seasoning; peanut butter lovers will like the spicy peanut sauceTeriyaki bowl- teriyaki sauce? The teriyaki sauce here is orange in color and if I was blind folded I never would have guessed it was teriyaki sauce I forgot to use the 10% check in deal so Larissa gave me a chocolate protein brownie instead. I wanted to try the chocolate brownie in the beginning but for $4 and the size I didn't see the value. The brownie ended up being the best thing I tasted here. It was very moist but I was hoping to know the nutrition facts. I will be back if I'm in the area and in need of healthy food. However, I will not go out of my way because of the lack of nutrition information; high prices; sauces not tasting the way they are described.
4	My sister and I went here after a workout at LVAC. While the food was great (I had the greek bowl), the atmosphere could definitely use some help. Not sure why there were so many pictures of the same woman in the windows? You're not selling a nutritional supplement, you're selling food, showcase that instead. Overall, great experience. We will definitely be returning.
5	I've been here at least a dozen times and have had great service. The food on the menu is perfect for bodybuilding competitors on a diet and there is enough variety that most people can enjoy. The prices may be a little more, but are worth it in my opinion.
1	My 16 year old has been calling your establishment to order your a  Greek bowl for the past hour- ARE YOUR PHONES DOWN? Its going to an automated system... Not able to connect with a live voice is simply not fun!Also when googling protein house your store hours of operation stated are from 7am-10pm. Why is going to take for you to get your information corrected this way to be a grey business for others to arrive to your place durning correct operating hours.Only in Vegas- wake up people- you have great food. Time to get it together, what do you say?
4	I had an amazing meal yesterday on my vacation to Las Vegas at protein house. The muscle freak smoothie and several of there meals were amazing. The salmon and quinoa dish is there best thanks for the experience.
4	I love this place!Their protein brownie is delicious (Although I wish they listed the ingredients on it so I would know if it is clean or not)The protein shakes are fantastic! I've had a few of them and they are always delicious. It's a little expensive (comes to about $7 a protein shake or more) but worth it.
5	This restaurant was excellent!  I don't normally eat at these types of restaurants and totally stepped out of my comfort zone and LOVED it.  I got the Southwest Bowl and it was wonderful.  The sauces they had were great as well.  I ordered my steak medium rare and it came out more of medium well so that was the only negative thing.My friend got the veggie burger and said the patty was juicy and flavorful.  She also got one of the juices and it was so delicious!The staff was very accommodating and polite.  I will definitely be back!
5	I love coming to PH, the smoothies and food are amazing. The staff is also really friendly and helpful with the menu.
2	This place really disappointed me.  I was so happy a second protein restaurant opened up on eastern, so I was happy to finally try it.  I see a lot of people talking about the bad customer service here,  I actually had a great experience with this.  The girls at the front were very nice.I ordered a berry smoothie and a vegetarian bowl.  It was $18.  I heard they were priced a little high, but I was willing to pay that for a nice fresh meal.  Now I've eaten a lot of fresh vegetables in my life, and I've also eaten frozen, I know the distinction.  Not quite sure how they store and prep their veggies, but they aren't fresh.  Brown spots on the broccoli,  and all the vegetables just tasted the same, served with no sauce on top of brown rice.  When you charge top dollar, you really need to have the freshness act together.  It's a shame how much money I payed for that bowl.  The smoothie was very good though.
4	I come here often with my boyfriend and the turkey burger and muscle builder burger is awesome! Protein coffee shake is a must as well!
5	I love Protein House. I crave it. I'm sad we don't have one in LA. Portions are BIG, menu is varied and full of options and the customer service is good - the gals and guys at the counter are always pleasant. :)Smoothies are to die for delicious. Vanilla Gorilla & Peanut Butter Dream are my picks. Also try the peanut butter protein cupcakes. They're DELISH and good to take on the go. The fact that you can build your own bowl, burger or salad is dope, too. And you can choose your protein size portions! The ahi rocks and the pancakes are a must try when you feel like breakfast.Protein House is casual, tasty and reasonably priced. Plus you never know who you're gonna see in there - athletes, fitness enthusiasts and healthy eaters from all over flock there for the food....and a hopeful glimpse or meeting with IFBB Figure Champ and badass owner of PH, Larissa Reis. She's the boss lady and happy to snap a picture with ya in front of their branded wall. Great spot - Awesome Food - Good Peeps
5	I really enjoy this place a lot!  I am in search of some down home simple food that is healthy, high in protein, low in sugar and great in taste.  This is the place to go!Compared to something popular like SkinnyFats where they won't advertise their nutritional information, Protein House is all about giving you the information.The food:Signature Bowls - They have many types of bowls that are good sources of protein served over quinoa, brown rice or 50/50 both.  Each has a bit of veggies on it.  The El Jefe is a bit more expensive due to the amount of mean, since you are getting about 12 ounces of lean protein!Southwest Bowl - Top Sirloin.Greek Bowl - Ground TurkeyBBQ Bowl - ChickenVegetarian Bowl - Bunch of good VeggiesTeriyaki Bowl - SalmonEl Jefe - Turkey and BisonSignature Burgers - I haven't tried these yet, but we are talking Bison Meat, egg whites, chicken, turkey in their variety of different choices on the menu.  Smoothies - I also haven't tried these yet, but we are talking some serious healthy ingredients! 240 to over 600 calories depending on what you want.  Protein amounts will vary.Breakfast - Love pancakes and I often don't eat them due to the carbs.  Here, they have multigrain Whey Pancakes with egg whites.  Whoo Hoo!  They also have plenty of other items like Hash, Quesadilla, and even loaded oatmeal that you can add protein to!The place:Great music, TV, and either tall boy tables, couch seating or regular tables. Clean, friendly, helpful.  This is generally a order, pay and pick up your food type of place.The Extras:If you like low sugar Quest Bars, they sell them here!.  They have coffees and Frappuccinos as well as some specials and juices!I like this place, be sure to check it out!
2	All talk no walk.After this places was hyped up to me and my bodybuilder by another close gym buddy, we came here to eat after the Olympia Expo.  The concept for this place is great and I fully understand the clientele they are marketing to.  So here is the break down:The lack of communication between back and front of house is out of this world.  You're out of product and you don't let anyone know?   In fact you let customers order and only inform them once they send food back.  If you ask for anything to be different on your entree, you will not receive it, or you will receive what they want you to have.  Attention to tickets and menu items was a miss for our group as well.  Main ingredients missing for 2 of our 4 entrees, extras not received upon delivery of our food.Customer service was strange as well.  The Co-owner was friendly when he took our orders and was happy to add additional items to my bowl and other adjustments to 2 other orders. I saw the other owner Jill running around and doing an excellent job. The two of them get an A+.  However the thick girl with the hipster glasses doesn't have a clue what she is doing other than bringing food to a table.  When confronted about the incorrect orders the response was "um...so....um ok well I guess, what do you need?  let me see if we can do that"  this alone blew my mind.  I work in the hospitality industry and server when I have to, this is never a response you should give a customer.  Maybe more training is needed with line staff and servers.....it can only help.The food was ok otherwise.  I'm not use to food that is so under seasoned.  A little cumin or pepper never hurt anyone.  I get the salt and holding water aspect so salt isn't a big deal.I would like to give this place another try though.  Everyone has an off night.- Cara
2	The food is ok if you like bland food. Took a super long time for our order to come out. If you have all day to wait, this is the place but I don't like waiting so long to eat mediocre food. The staff looked overwhelmed with all the orders coming in.
4	1st time was last night 9/21. Good clean food, taste was good. Wife & I got smoothies for dessert, PB Dream & Muscle Freak, VERY good!! Only downside is the didnt have the sweet potatoe sticks, so got the mash instead & didnt have the portabella mushrooms either, but then again it was a Sunday night after the Mr Olympia weekend so its been busy. Overall good palce. Recommend.
2	Meh, I got a bison bowl with asparagus, brocoli, and red peppers. For $14 thats a rip. It was a decent portion, (perfect for a lunch) but price should have been about $9. This place is way over priced. The only reason my food was good was because I soaked it in sriracha hot sauce. I wouldn't recommend it. The ratings prove its quality. Should have listened to my fellow yelpers and just went to the gas station and bought a bag of beef jerky, would have been more satisfied...
4	First visit, heard a lot about this place and a neighbor of ours said the Bison burger was amazing.  We decided to try it and the name says it all, Protein.  It is not low carb and even though it is all protein, depending on your diet it does not mean it will be a healthy place for you to eat.Overall though, we were very impressed with the staff, the food was very filling, the bison burger on Ezekiel bread with sweet potato sticks which are more like house potatoes, not really sticks.I liked the burger, the PB & J was an amazing smoothie and we definitely did not leave hungry.If you have never been, you should give this place a try, the atmosphere is  warm and very friendly, all the staff are there to make sure your experience is a good one.I am sure at some point we will give this place another visit and I encourage you especially if you are an avid physical fitness type to give this place a try, you will not be disappointed.
3	Love the concept. Who doesn't like healthy food fast? Building your own bowl or salad allows you to accommodate your tastes without dissecting a signature dish. Items were fresh, but both the salad and bowl lacked pizazz. Prices are steep. 2.5 stars.
2	After the gym, Earl and I decided to pick up a smoothie at Protein House.  It was a very nice, clean.  Upon glancing at the blackboard, I don't see a list of juices so I inquired.  The not so friendly cashier said they only offer one juice, the Green Monster.  I chose Green Monster and Earl chose the Berry Blast Smoothie.  The ingredients used to make green monster includes spinach, coconut water, honey dew, pineapple, lime, ginger, cucumber, and kale.  Tasted like kale and spinach juice though.  There was no hint of sweetness from the fruits.Earl's berry blast smoothie, which we could only taste whey protein.  Overall, glad we tried it, so we know to get something different next time.  I like to try a place thrice before writing it off, therefore, Meh for now.
3	Restaurant is clean & the menu is has some very creative items.. They serve breakfast meals, burgers, bowls, protein frozen yogurt, smoothies, etc. I have only been twice.The first time, I had the pleasure of meeting the owner Larissa Reis, who was a total sweetheart. I ordered the Acai bowl, but they had run out of Acai.. so she made a great recommendation for something else. Second time around, I waited for my to-go order for quite sometime. I will be back to try again, though.
3	Stopped in for a smoothie. Not a huge variety in terms of smoothies. Most were whey-based. I prefer yogurt, so I got a strawberry-blueberry smoothie. For a 24 oz size it was almost $8, which is high for what I got: fruit, yogurt, and ice. In fact, the smoothie is quite bland, not much fruit taste. It mostly tastes like ice and yogurt. I could make about as good (or better) at home. Their effort was definitely more for the weight-lifting and fitness crowd. Most of the food menu was "jacked with protein." It took a long time to get service because you order at the counter and everyone in front of me was customizing their orders. I literally had time to go to the bathroom and get back in line without it moving. (Also, there was a mirror above the toilet in the women's bathroom???) They really need to move to an order from tables method if customization is such a big thing. The menu did have some unique items like bison, quinoa, and acai. Can't say if the food was good. My smoothie is subpar and the wait in line was way too long.
5	Amazing healthy food.. Great atmosphere and friendly staff.. Right across the street from where I work. I eat there 3-4 times a week and it's always great!
3	Ive Been here a few times. The food here is very delicious, freshly made with fine ingredients. there is a ton of things to choose from, they even have breakfast & healthy deserts they sell. Portions are pretty good here, i usually cant finish my bowls, they are filling. Greek bowl & south western bowl... YUMM. The brownies here are amazeballs!! can NOT believe that they are healthy. The reason im giving this place only 3 stars is because of my experiences here, the staff isn't as nice or lively as i like, its like they are too cool to smile or something especially the guys! I will also say a few of my clients that are a over weight have told me they feel a bit discriminated coming here/ unwelcome because of their size. But i dont really think this place is inviting either and im pretty fit. Also this place is on the pricey side. Might as well go eat at an actual restaurant where people serve you the food and refill your drinks, just saying. I am not hating on this place tho i will definitely be back because the food is to my liking.
5	I discovered Protein House through a Groupon deal and had to check it out when I visited Las Vegas.  I was very pleased with the food and the service.  I ate there three times (twice for breakfast and once for lunch) and loved everything they had.  My favorite was the muscle builder, which was two protein pancakes and six egg whites.  I am so glad Las Vegas has a restaurant where you can eat clean and with very little carbs.I will be visiting Protein House each time I visit Las Vegas.
3	Best turkey burger I've had in a long time.... But I paid $14 total for a burger. Ehh it's a small place that I would probably frequent if it weren't for the high prices. I could understand higher prices when using organic meat etc... They don't use that here so I'm not sure where the high prices come in. Still pretty good to me.
5	I wish their was a Protein House near my hometown in Riverside, CA ( hint , hint )The food was delicious and the atmosphere was awesome. The location looked clean and lean so they did a great job keeping it in theme.The staff was friendly. Loved that.I ordered a veggie omelette and a peanut butter dream protein smoothie. Both items were packed with flavor. I probably should have just ordered the smoothie because I'm now stuffed.My co worker ordered a bowl that was also delicious. You can't go wrong coming here. Healthy , yummy and  clean ! I will come eat here at least once anytime I'm in Las Vegas.
4	Protein House caters to those who want a good bite without increasing their waist size in the process. I have been here a few times now and can say the food is definitely great quality. Downside is the price tag that comes with it. It's an expensive lunch, you're looking to spend around $12-15 per person here, so don't be surprised. I have tried the breakfast burritos, bison burger, and the Greek bowl. All are awesome for the clean eaters.  Customer service is so-so, they all seem pretty quiet and reserved here.  Doesn't change the fact that I can get a good, lean, protein packed meal squeezed into my busy schedule or after a good lift.
1	Rude staff, not very welcoming.  No hello, no thank you, dropped a dollar in the tip jar & didn't notice.  Should have put some coal in there.  Food was quite decent, definitely consider this healthy food.  I ordered the bbq chicken with quinoa, the portion was small and felt like there was an empty to-go container in my plastic bag.  A bit pricey for the lack of service and portion size.  Did I mention the service sucks?  Never going back, t madness is better
1	This place was good the first time around but the service is super slow and one of the ladies decided to change the trash, hand me my food, and not wash her hands. After today, I will never eat here again.
4	Been back to Vegas quite a few times and always make a point to stop by this restaurant. This place is here to provide CLEAN eating to people who follow healthy lifestyles. There isn't table service- you order your food, grab a number, and pick up your food when it is ready. I have had the thai monster bowl, sexy bitch bowl, and the steak burrito and thoroughly enjoyed ALL. Loved adding sriracha to everything as well. If you want clean eats, eat here. Last visit 11/20/14.
2	My wife and I went there on Monday, 11/24/14 at about 615 PM. Staff was friendly enough and helped us navigate through the menu. There was only one other person in there who already had their order so it seemed like it took a bit too long to throw together two chicken Caesar salads. Salad was alright, but skimpy on the dressing. Not sure what they were using as the "lite" dressing we think it hurt our bellies afterwards. For the price I would have hoped that at least the lettuce was organic, but I don't think it was. The atmosphere was not what I expected - and the EDM music was way too loud. I'm all about eating healthy, but this place was more annoying than anything else. Also - read the menu before you go in. A lot of the sauces or parts of dishes include things that may not be ideal to one's diet such as stevia, agave nectar, etc. I guess it just comes down to your own personal diet preferences.
2	They cater towards people that workout and like to know what they're eating.  Yet, no nutrition information posted anywhere.  Get it together.
3	Meh! A bit overpriced the help is kind of snooty. The food is only ok I probably won't go back
4	My coworker and I were looking for a healthy bite to eat after work and just so happened to pass by this place down the road. It has a really nice appearance outside and is very spacious inside. I love the contemporary ambience that this place has. From the lights to the dining room layout to the chalkboard menus, this place has a nice interior which gives off a modern, relaxed vibe. I love the whole concept that this place has. A healthy lifestyle is never out of style, and I enjoy their twist on it. The entrees make people realize that you don't have to eat a boring ole salad to eat healthy. Their menu consists of so many options that I can't wait until I go back to try more. They use healthier alternatives to certain foods such as egg whites, whey protein, quinoa, and stevia. I had the "Sexy Bitch Bowl." I loved the combination of flavors that this bowl had, which I would've never thought to combined. As for the service, it took someone a while to greet us and to let us know that they had a smaller more condensed menu. We were so overwhelmed by the chalkboards and kept having to walk back and forth around the counter, trying to look at everything. But the workers were very kind nonetheless.Other than that, I highly recommend this unique place. Will definitely be back.
2	Unfortunately this place isn't what I was hoping for. The food is good and the cooks are great but front of house is really not knowledgable on their food. This is suppose to be a health kitchen so they should be able to modify my meals to what I need but simply don't know how. When asked what kind of squash is in one of ther signature dishes their response is idk. How do you not know? And if you don't why can't you find out? Same thing when asked what white dishes do you guys have? Is there oil in that sauce? What about sugar? These things are important for people on specific meal plans. It's frustrating when you do not know anything and seem too annoyed to find out. Though the food is good I'm afraid to eat it in fear that it will have something I specified I can't have. Both times I've been here had the same issue with the same girl. They need to be more knowledgable.
3	The acai bowls and smoothies are great.  However I no longer prefer eating whey foods.  I had the chocolate monster pancakes and they were very bland.  Along with the steam veggies, being very mediocre .  Overall if you're a fitness head,  this place rocks!The dishes are a bit overpriced, but the establishment is spacious and clean.  I give this place a 3 star rating because it has some good, and lackluster dishes.  It's what a business should be, however it's not amazing nor my favorite place.
5	I work up the street from this place and its a great lunch spot to resort to when there's so many fast food places around to tempt you! I'm attempting to try all of the signature bowls that they have.. So far I have not been disappointed! Full of flavor and just the right portion.
5	I love this place food is amazing, always. Staff is super friendly and online ordering is simple!
