4	Gallo's  has several different  different "white" pizzas and their traditional ones are great too! They have a great lunch special where you get a salad, personal pizza, and I believe a drink for around 8 $... Try the spinach-artichoke! It's sooo good....
3	PIZZA(s)!!!!!! and other stuff to eat.Sunday & Monday is Pizza and Wing Combo (any large + 20 wings $24.99)Tuesday & Wednesday is 2-for-1 pizza nights.(avg sml.$9, med.$19, lg.$23) Wed.also 2-for-1 draft beers and house wines!Thursday is FREE entree  (buy 1 get one Free) $10.99 - $17.99 ($14.99 avg.)Friday is $9.99 Lasagna 1-1/2lbs. slab. (reg.$15.99) 2-for-1 Pitchers and Pizza 10:00 -11:00Saturday is $9.99 Chicken Parmesan (reg.$14.99) 2-for-1 Pitchers and Pizza 10:00 -11:00-FAMILY Karaoke-  Friday - Saturday 8:30 - 11:30 (no age restrictions!)Live entertainment 7 days a week. Rock, Acoustic open mic, Easy listening, Battle of the Bands.Cozy place. Service is as expected.  Third time here. Pizza is consistent in quality. (excellent pizza bones)*Wooden rustic style booths along one wall, 6-8 small open tables. 5-6 TV's. Football Season $1draft beers during games!Typical Sides & Salads, Desserts, and a Kid's Menu.(Last Delivery Calls till 1/2 hr. before Closing)First tried because it's convenient. Come back because it's worth it!*pizza bones = bread crustsNorth side of the parking lot off N.Tenaya@Cheyenne (look for Target)web site: http://www.usmenuguide.com/gallospizzakitchen.htmlmyspace: http://www.myspace.com/gallos_pizza_kitchen
5	Since moving to Las Vegas (part-time) a couple of years ago, we had been looking for a reasonable, down-home, comfortable and casual Italian restaurant.  We discovered Gallo's through a restaurant discount site a few months ago, and have returned several times.  It's now "our" restaurant.Gallo's isn't fancy, though there are red-checkered tablecloths on the tables and booths.  It isn't large, so depending on the evening's entertainment, it might be wise to make a reservation.  And it's a family restaurant, rather than the latest upscale bistro:  there's a small flat-screen TV on the wall in each booth, to keep the kids entertained or the family fed while dad can watch the end of the football game.What's most important to us are three things:  the food, the value, and the feeling that we are valued customers.  Gallo's Pizza Kitchen excels in all three counts.This is real food; no frozen breaded chopped and re-formed chicken patties for the chicken parmigiana, real cheese instead of the dreadful "pizza cheese" that so many pizza joints and Italian restaurants have switched to save money.  Lasagna to die for, in a portion so large I have taken home the leftovers and had it for TWO more meals.  Chicken marsala in a delicious sauce brimming with dark and meaty mushrooms.The prices are more than reasonable, and what's more, they can be even better if you take advantage of the nightly specials.  For example, on Friday nights, the lasagna, served with a decent salad, is only $9.99.  Thursday night is "Date Night", and all entrees are Buy One, Get One Free.  The same goes for pizza on a different night.  The other nights have similar deals, but I haven't memorized the list.  Oh, I see that Richard N. has listed the nightly specials.A restaurant can try to be all things to all people, and Gallo's sure is trying.  There is nightly entertainment, ranging from family Karaoke on Friday and Saturday at 9:00 pm, preceded by a Sinatra-type singer (just a guess - we haven't seen him yet) who does two earlier sets.  There's Jazz on Thursdays, Football on whatever night people watch football, and different music genres on the other nights.In addition to great food that's priced right, the thing that sets Gallo's apart for us is the genuine warmth and caring of the staff, most notably the owner, Casey.We generally eat dinner fairly late, and before visiting the restaurant for the first time, we called to make sure they were still serving.  The young woman who answered said they were, and that the kitchen was open until 10:30.  We arrived fifteen minutes later and were seated immediately.  But when we tried to order, the waitress said that the kitchen was closed, except for pizza and possibly a salad.  On this particular night, pizza was the last thing we wanted for dinner, and we were quite upset.  Casey, the owner, came over and introduced himself (and I was impressed by the rare admission of an owner actually calling himself that, rather than "the manager," which is usually the case.  It speaks to pride and the willingness to accept responsibility).He graciously permitted us to order what had been the Friday night special, lasagna with a salad and garlic breadstick.  The cost?  9.99.  And the lasagna is just unbelievably delicious - a huge portion swimming in a bowl of homemade sauce, with a ton of real mozzarella over all.  It could wreak havoc with a diet, or you can eat a decent amount, take home the rest, as I always do.  On that first night, Casey was genuinely upset that we had been given incorrect information, and he was extremely generous in making up for it.  Too many times we have seen business owners - of all kinds of retail establishments, not just restaurants - who do not have the business sense to remember that a customer's good "word of mouth" is the best and least expensive advertising there is, and in this Internet age, it is way too easy for a dissatisfied customer to tell the world.  In the case of Gallo's Pizza Kitchen, I'm taking this opportunity to Tell the World that this is one fine establishment where the owner will go the extra mile to satisfy his customers.
4	This one is a winner....DOG LOVERS TAKE NOTEWe adopted a dog from the animal shelter yesterday.  Inside the packet of stuff from the adoption was a flier from Gallos.  They offered a FREE large pizza for us because we adopted a dog.  Nice touch.So, last night we ordered a pizza, salad, and wings.The pizza was great! very tasty and not greeeeeezy.  The wings ROCKED and the salad was....well a salad. :-)We will be returning.  Nice place, nice staff.
3	they have good chicken wings and a nice selection of wine thier events are kinda up and down you never know what they are doing from one week to the next but the food is good.
1	Well, I guess "Third time's a charm" must apply here.  At least I hope so.We went back for a second round last night and I have to say I have had better pizza at Domino's/Pizza Hut that was delivered 30 minutes late.I ordered a medium pizza and wings.  I asked that they be well done.  Neither was.  Last time when I wrote my stellar review they cooked a pizza to perfection and placed the hot sauce for the wings in a separate container so they would not get soggy on the ride home.  Neither was the case this time.To go from 4 stars to 1 says a lot.We'll see what happens the next (and possibly last) timeI WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED!
4	I've seen this place for years and had never been in until an open mic night last week that my friend invited me to.  Everything on the menu looked good and I ended up getting the Spinach & Artichoke pizza.  Holy crap....it was awesome!  I recommend it :)
1	I am not a fan of this pizza place at all. I went here because everyone kept saying it was so good. Their pizza sucked. I have  gotten a better pizza for a better price elsewhere. But once again this is just my personal opinion.
4	I really like their pizza, and their pasta is great too!  They always have good coupons and specials, especially if you sign up for their club.  It's a very casual comfortable kind of place, and the location is great.  It's right near Target, so you can stop in and shop before or after your meal, and they have a gas station w/ good prices.  You can't go wrong here!  Service is good, and people are friendly.
5	I'm surprised to see this place with such a low rating. Today was my first experience at Gallo's and, after reading the reviews here, I'm hoping that experience was not a fluke. Our oldest two sons had a birthday party to attend. We decided to take our youngest out for an early dinner. We arrived shortly after 4 and the place had a few patrons but was not at all busy. We seated ourselves and someone attended to us right away. The service was outstanding; very friendly staff. The atmosphere was cozy and relaxing. The food? Excellent! Salads came with our meals and were brought out first. They were nothing exciting, just simple salads but I usually don't expect much with a salad. As long as it isn't brown I'm happy. We ordered garlic bread and it was perfect; crispy but soft. The marinara sauce was delicous. We also ordered the stuffed hot peppers which were awesome. I had the baked ziti and my husband had the lasagna. Both were delicious. We both commented on the fact that Gallo's reminded us of our favorite Italian place in Japan, Angelo's. Yeah, I know...Italian food in Japan? It was great though. Our son ordered the kid's pizza and we tried that too. I prefer New York style thin crust and this has a thick crust. But it is a buttery, garlic crust that is worth eating just by itself. It was a wonderful experience and a great way to spend a Saturday afternoon.We are definitely going back.
5	The taste is crazy good. The pizza is very cheesy and the sauce is good too (not super sweet, kinda tangy in a good way). It isn't super healthy pizza, definitely more focused on taste than health, but I really dig the flavors. The price was just a little high ($9) for a personal cheese pizza, but worth it since this is good pizza
3	The Pizza is pretty good , but I wasn't a fan of anything else.  It's a very small place, and I know this may sound weird, but this place must have the blandest Mozzarella stick I have ever had.  I truly could not taste anything when I had them.  The pasta wasn't too great.  I hear this place has had ton's of new management.  Maybe it's affecting the quality of some of the stuff.  I think your best bet at this place is to order the Pizza take out and enjoy it at home.  And my advice is to only get the pizza because it is like I said pretty good.
2	This place was a kind of disappointment that only comes with having passed a place for a year going, "Huh, I wonder if the pizza's any good in there."  Which it wasn't.  My friend and I both ordered small pizzas in different styles on their lunch special, and we were left wanting.  Wanting service, since they walked by us like a Burt Bacharach song every time we'd try to wave them down.  And it turned out to be a doughy, rubbery disappointment.I guess it would be more fun on a night where they had their in-booth TVs on to sports, or during a buffet, but it was just the doldrums when we went around 2 pm.
