5	Tonight was the soft opening. Great selection and fresh! Good choice of broths and reasonable prices.
5	Shabu Fondue only opened a few nights ago, and they are already off to a great start! We were so impressed with the variety of the menu and ended up ordering two different broths, both of which were spicy and delicious. We ordered a ton of ingredients, but the pork dumplings and grass-fed beef were by far favorites at our table. We were lucky enough to have chef/owner Johnny Chu stop by our table probably three times just to chat and see what we liked and what we didn't. A great experience overall!
5	We had been to Tien Wong hotpot in Chandler (T-Spot) about ten times and had high hopes for Shabu Fondue. It delivered, and then some, the portion sizes tripled and the quality was identical as the old location. My only complaint was that it was uncomfortably hot in there, needed to be 5-10degrees cooler to offset all the steaming hot pots. This place remains awesome!
5	An amazing date night experience! The food was high quality and fresh! Everything was delicious. We ordered the ying yang pot(choice of 2 broths) with the Ma long(spellling) spicy and the coconut curry. Both were fantastic but the spicy one is pretty spicy. Our proteins were shabu beef, New York beef, pork belly, and shrimp. We also got some veggies and noodles. Chef and owner was a really cool guy and stopped of at our table a few times throughout the night. You can tell how passionate he is about the ingredients he uses. This would be a great place for the whole family imo. You can teach your kids about the foods and they can watch them cook. We are already planning our next trip!
3	Yeah, I'm not so sold on the concept. We worked really hard and left hungry. I'm not sure that is their fault! Also, the full bar is next door and the offerings aren't as plentiful on the fondue side. It's a novelty place like Melting Pot but really pretty reasonably priced. I just can't see myself going again.
4	Both times I have visited Shabu I left full and happy. This hot pot idea is great for groups as everyone can sample and share their way through the menu. Last time we ordered the ying yang pot (choice of 2 broths) with the lemon grass and house spicy. I loved the lemongrass but they were not joking around with the red chilies in the house spicy. Some of my favorite things to throw in the pot:Baby bok choyDumplingsOyster mushroomsOval noodlesShabu beefScallopsThe service has always been fast and friendly with the server filling up our broth consistently throughout the night. The interior is typical cool Johnny Chu with anime running in the backgound on the other side. Stop in and give this place a try. The unique concept shouldn't be missed!
5	We went to Shabu Fondu with a group and we had a great experience! The staff was friendly, accomodating, and helpful. The food was great and it was fun to cook it yourself. The menu is rather extensive and it would be easy to eat vegetarian here. They served there water with some cucumber and that was also tasty. The wife and I had the Curry and Shabu Beef, Broccoli, Bok Choy and Rice Noodles. It was a winning combo!
3	1.Coconut curry broth - watered down, needs more coconut milk less water2. Tofu pieces - overpriced3. Thai iced tea - watered down and $5?!4. Beef, pork bellies, seafood, and vegetables - good and fresh5. Service - great6. Music - too loud 7. Decor - good
5	I discovered shabu when I worked in Sacramento where there are several restaurants serving this style of food, but until now you haven't been able to get it in Phoenix which I why I was thrilled to hear that this location had opened... and close to my house to boot.For those who've never had it, shabu is an asian style of fondue, sometimes referred to as hot pot. Instead of oil, cheese, or chocolate each table has its own warmer to which they bring you a large bowl of soup broth in which you cook your food. You can even order two types of broth that come in a large container that is split down the middle.We ordered two, the base, house broth for the kids and a slightly spicier lemongrass broth for us. We then ordered a mix of items to cook including beef, chicken, tofu, broccoli, dumplings, crab, scallops, and noodles. When they bring the items, they tell you how long each one should cook and its helpful to arrange them by cooking time starting with the longest that take 3 to 4 minutes and working down to those that take only a minute or less.Once you have all of your food, the fun begins. My kids had a blast deciding what to try, cooking their own food, and eating with chopsticks.Service was excellent, our server stopped by several times to see how we were doing and to adjust the heat on our hot plate. The manager (owner?) stopped by a few times as well to make sure we were having a good time and we assured him that we definitely were.The atmosphere was fun as well. It's decorated sort of like a club and they were playing a great mix of tunes, including stuff that we used to go out dancing to in the 80s and 90s... definitely a Bright Lights, Big City type of place. The manager even mentioned that they have a DJ in the Thai restaurant next door on Friday and Saturday nights.While we had a great time as a family, this would also be a blast for an adult night out on the town. If you've never had shabu, or you've been missing it in Phoenix, you definitely want to head on out to Shabu Fondue for an enjoyable time!
4	I'm soooo so thankful for authentic hotpot in town. THANK YOU SHABU! The lemongrass broth is a MUST. I love spicy food, but the "Spicy" broth was nose-running, taste-blocking hot, even after my friend and I fished out all of the chili peppers. Shabu Fondue if you're listening, tone it down bigtime so I can enjoy!
4	Went to Shabu Fondue last night with a group of friends and had a GREAT time. I forgot the waiters name but he was super helpful since this was our first time and guided us on what to order! Food was ON POINT. Of course you cook it your self on the hotplate in the middle of your table but if was a fun experience and can't wait to try it again! Between 4 people it was just under 20 bucks a person which is awesome. Go and try it out!
5	Absolutely delicious! Very friendly service as well.Got 2 broths, Thai and Chinese, with 2 meats (shabu beef and pork loin), 2 vegetables (shiitake mushroom and napa cabbage), 1 house special firm tofu, and oval noodles.
5	Wow, well done.   Service, food was amazing, I'm coming back for sure.  The atmosphere is beautiful with trendy art work.   You will leave happy and full.  And guarantee you'll be back.   I've eaten at Shabu Fondue restaurants all over and I have to say this is one of the best
4	This was our first experience with the hot pot style of cooking, and we will definitely be back!For those that don't know, hot pot cooking is also known as Asian fondue. They bring you a big bowl of hot broth and set it on the warmer at your table, then you cook the meats and veggies at the table, making your own soup. This was a great first experience. The service was really friendly and the only hitch there was that the waiter kept forgetting to fill my husband's water glass. He happily explained everything to us though. The menu was easy to understand and order from, and prices were very reasonable considering the amount of food involved- after tax and tip we spent right around $40 for the two of us and we were stuffed.The food was great overall. The house broth was a bit on the bland side- we added a bunch of soy sauce and (delicious) sesame seed sauce to the broth itself rather than to our individual bowls. The meats were thin sliced so that they cooked quickly in the hot broth, and portions of everything were generous. For the meats we ordered lamb and shabu beef and they were both great and cooked up well. We could probably have gotten by with one fewer orders of veggies and been less stuffed at the end of the meal. We picked broccoli, mushrooms, taro, and baby bok choy. I would have skipped the taro as it broke down too quickly in the hot broth and had an odd texture after that, but that was our mistake not the restaurant's. The oval noodles we ordered held up surprisingly well though.If this is what hot pot is and how it's done, I'm definitely a fan!
5	Food was amazing, staff was attentive, the owner came by twice. Atmosphere is modern and sheek. My fiance' and I were really impressed.
3	This was our first visit to Shabu Shabu and it was a lot of fun. We tried the yin yang pot so that we could try two different broths. Based on other reviews, we tried the spicy lemongrass broth and were not disappointed. The broth on the other side was the traditional herb broth and after tasting the lemon grass it was way too bland.  I'm a spicy - weakling so when we were done with the meal my nose was running and mouth was burning. It was totally worth it.We tried chicken, beef, shrimp, baby corn, bok choy, broccoli, shitake mushrooms, and dumplings. If you don't pay careful attention to the dumplings they basically vaporize within the boiling liquid never to be seen again. We did grab most of them before that happened and they were delicious. The only downfall to the experience was the volume of the music. It was way too loud to comfortably carry on a conversation. The music seemed to be techno versions of 80s alternative hits. When we asked the waitress if they would mind taking the volume down a notch she said  "I can't because it's a DJ".   We didn't see any DJ, though he may have been in the restaurant that's part of the same establishment. The pros are great food,fun dining experience, attentive servers, nice decor.The cons are skull thumping techno music that makes you want to stab your eyes out. The music really seemed out of place. Yes, I'm going on and on about the music, but it was awful enough that it will definitely be a factor in deciding whether or not to go to this restaurant again. And that's a shame, because the food is great.
3	As a hotpot snob I may have a bit harsher opinion than what your average person will review. Also this place tends to attract a lot of non Chinese ppl due to location/decor and name so keep in mind what sort of tastes/preferences you are looking for.Breaking it down: No place to make your own sauces. I'm used to NYC hotpots giving you 12 ingredients to make your own delish sauces. I miss things like hot oil, sesame oils, peanut butter paste, chives, cilantro, scallion, etc. They give you a chili hot oil if you ask for it, and normally they give you peanut butter paste and soy sauce. Peanut butter is the most common thing to use for hotpot but this place has EXTREMELY watered down peanut butter paste. The density is actually like that of water. I was very surprised when I went to mix in some soy sauce and chili that it flowed like water...And yea it ruined the taste quite a bit.Next up, lamb, the king of hotpot ingredients. Honestly it was quite rough, very chewy and just tasted old. Pork belly on the other hand was quite good, along with the beef. The egg noodle was good. I don't recommend clams because they get lost and you just get the shells and have to fish it out...oftentimes leading to just getting the overcooked clam meat at the bottom when you're all done. Bok choy and spinach were great. Ingredients are somewhat limited (see pictures someone posted the menu)Broths, they have a few spicy options, and somehow ran out of the most popular & spicy option. This was disappointing because we got the next spiciest broth and added siracha and dried red chilies and it was still not spicy at all. It was about 1/3 of a hot cheeto. Blah, very average overall and I was really hoping for a genuine experience. Recommendations to the restaurant: 1. Get a thicker peanut butter paste sauce/offer more sauces to begin with (ideally a make your own area). 2. Get/serve better lamb. 3) have spicier broths/don't run out of your most popular broth.If you're ever in NYC, check out 99 Favors and or Hou Yi Hotpot, you will thank me forever (get reservations).
5	Awesome to have a shabu place in phx. Fresh healthy food, great service,  and lots of different sides and proteins to choose from. As an LA native I was thrilled to find this style of cuisine on my door step.
4	We enjoyed the food so much here that we decided to give it another try, this time on a week night. The music was still annoying, but the volume was waaay lower than it was on our previous visit.  We're hoping that our first visit was just a fluke, and based on this last experience, we are definitely going there again.
3	Shabu is excelling in many areas, and faltering in just a few. The most glaring area for improvement is in the service arena. They don't come around as frequently as they should and they keep the broth levels really low. This causes the items to stick to the bottom of the hot pot and burn. After your initial pot of broth, they refill it with pork or chicken broth - which is about the same cost as tap water - so they need not be so stingy with it.My favorite items were the enoch mushrooms and pork dumplings. Everything else was OK, but those two items were delicious. I wasn't a big fan of the oval noodles, but my husband loved them, so we'll probably get them again. I also think it's important for the gentleman to tell you not to add too much to the broth before you start dumping large quantities of meat and veggies in... not after.For four of us, it was $93 - and at $50/per couple, there's some room for improvement :)
4	Thank you Chef Johnny Chu for bringing this exciting cuisine to the Valley.Walking in, the decor was modern, simple and clean. I definitely felt at peace, comfortable and ready to get down!Things to know:You will cook your own food (which totally part of the experience and fun!)Try a little of everything, so that you can figure out your likes and dislikes.How to:Pick your broth (We got the split pot). Choose your protein(s), vegetable(s), and carbohydrate(s).  Don't be afraid, and ask questions.Make a little soup, or enjoy items separately.Recommendations:The House Broth, so flavorful and layered. Watercress, Fish Balls (or Shrimp Puffs). Just trust me.Ask about spice levels. Really, I thought I was tough.Overall you're going to spend a little money, but think of it as a meal with a side of entertainment. Also, you're going to be taking your time.Definitely fun for groups, but intimate enough for a night out or a date.I'll be back! :)
5	Wow. Just wow. This place was so so good, not to mention fun. Shabu shabu itself means "swish swish" which is exactly what you do, swish your food around in tasty broth, let is simmer and get all delicious and stuff. Our waiter was extremely helpful in helping us decide how much food to actually order and what goes well with our chosen broths (the house and a spicy one). The Waygu beef is totally worth it, we ended up ordering a second round. We also had dumplings, shrimp (head off, thankfully), an assortment of veggies and tofu. The chrysanthemum was a surprisingly delicious addition. The atmosphere is really cool. It's a smaller restaurant, sharing its doors with Red Thai, but service is top notch. They have beer, wine, and sake OR you can order from the full bar next door. We had a delicious sake, served cold, that complimented the meal well. I really can't wait to come back, I am already planning who to take. OH, don't forget to order some noodles too so after you finish off the other goodies, you can add them and you got some delicious soup! We went with udon, because I insisted. Even though I was super full from our Shabu adventure, I still went for the post-meal soup.
4	This is our new favorite since moving to Arizona in August. The atmosphere and location are good. The food is delicious. We have tried a few of the broths and they are all wonderful. The ingredients are fresh and there are lots of choices. Our favorites are the Shabu beef, the chicken and the spinach. The dumplings are the kids' favorite. Our only complaint is the staff seems overwhelmed at times. They might need more servers during busy times. We will be back soon!
5	I am new to the whole hot pot thing  I LOVE IT.  Way better then a regular fondue place.  I like those too.  We had pork belly, steak and shrimp.  All were great but the pork belly was the stand out.  We are already talking about our next visit.
