4	This was my 1st time using US Airways, which has joined forces with America West.  I have no real complaints here.  Check-in is simple with their kiosks.  Assigned seating is a standard.  Drinks and pretzels provided in flight, even if it's an hour flight.  I'd fly with them again.
4	Like Jeff T., this is my first experience in flying with US Airways.I loved being able to print out my boarding pass and select my seat on line. When returning home, the kiosk I was using at the terminal to check in my bag was malfunctioning. A US Airways customer rep was by my side immediately to help expedite my check in.The flight attendants were personable and great at helping the passengers get settled as we boarded the plane. Pretzels and drinks were served while in flight. We landed ahead of schedule in San Jose.I won't have a problem flying the friendly skies with US Airways again.
2	I have a flight booked with US Air on June 6th.  I was excited to not be flying Delta or United.  Then TERROR struck.No no, not that kind of terror.  Worse!One bag allowance?  Are you joking!?  I was worried about how I'm going to move with only 2 bags.  Now I get ONE?  As if I wasn't anxious enough already, now I have to wait til the day of my flight and see if they have room for my extra bag - and then fork over my cold hard cash to get it there?  O geez!!  Inhaler please!
1	You're going to charge me $15 for the first checked bag, $5 for a wimpy "snack box" on a 4-hour flight during lunch time, and $2 for a soda?!? What happened to customer service?And I know it's probably not your fault, but 5-year old brats sitting behind you and kicking the seat continuously while you try to study for your upcoming exam rivals the turbulent, claustrophobic connector flight you'll have to catch on a regional plane. In the only aisle without windows.Need I say more? Never again...
1	When we arrived, we were surprised at how relatively un-crowded the airport was.  Yeah!But, the poor 2 people behind the US Air counter were obviously over-stretched.  Even one more person on the desk would have made things run a little smoother. We were only slightly delayed. No big deal. It happens, particularly when it's snowing all across the land.  The weird thing, though, was the total confusion from the people at the gate desk about which place (Philly or DC) would board first. I should have known that this was a bad sign. We got to DC only a 1/2 hr. late.  Not bad for holiday travel. However, nobody's luggage arrived.  Now, 7+ hours later, we still can't get any update on if our bags have been located.  Here's the thing -- I'd be more patient if we hadn't PAID to check the dang bags.  But if you pay to check 'em, and the airline manages to misplace a whole PLANE worth of luggage, I feel like I should get a refund on that $30 luggage fee. US Air, you might get one more star if my luggage (containing my presents for everyone) arrives in time for Christmas.  But for now? Sorry, I'm a little sore with ya. You get coal.
1	So, it's almost a week later, we're back home, and we're still missing a bag. I understand that sometimes baggage goes missing for a day or two. I wouldn't be quite as cranky about it if it seemed like one singular person we spoke with actually wanted to help us.  I'm not going to regale you with the gory details of my frustrating hours on the phone (mostly on hold or being transfered/dropped) with the absolute worst customer service I've ever experienced. Nope, instead I'm just going to sum it up with this:US Air=FAILI'm not usually a harsh person, but sometimes, you just have to tell it like it is. I really hope that our other bag is found, eventually.  I also hope that US Air will revamp their baggage system so that people working within that system can all have access to the same information and update each other and customers.
4	I've been traveling a ton lately and I'm proud to say I've now got "Silver Medallion" status with US Airways.  I almost feel like it's similar to Elite status on Yelp, only better!  While Elite members of Yelp get all kinds of perks like a sweet Elite badge by their name and invites to VIP events, as a s US Airways Silver Medallion member, I get to go through the first class line for security, I get bumped up to first class quite often (and I still feel like it's such a treat), and I don't have to pay for checking bags when I am bumped up to first class!  I think the airline industry is a tough one... and as a forever fan of Delta after living in Atlanta for eight years, I have to say, I'm now a two-timing gal.  While I use my Delta Sky Miles Amex quite often and rack up my Delta miles that way, I seem to fly US Airways just as much if not more now that I have my new status.Knocking on wood as I type this: I've had no major issues with flying US Air... I'm a big fan and will continue to give you my business.  Please just keep the complimentary upgrades and VIP treatment coming - I kind of like feeling like a princess when I travel!
4	I mentioned in a review of Southwest my outlook and understanding of the airline industry, which I will not repeat now. But to recap, there are generic problems with air travel, the airport process and the airline industry in general that is unfair to an airline to use as a standard, including lines, security, crowds, delays, etc.As for US Airways, I can't say I have many complaints from the consumer perspective. For non-stop options out of Phoenix, your best bets are Southwest and US Airways, unless your destination is a hub of another airline, i.e. Dallas and Chicago for American; Denver, San Francisco, Washington and Chicago for United; Salt Lake City, Atlanta, JFK and Cincinnati on Delta, etc. With Phoenix as a hub for US Airways and Southwest (though the latter insists it's a "focus city") the former offers a large number of non-stop options from Sky Harbor. The seats are about average for American carriers, they have rescinded charges for in-flight beverages and they are great about getting out on time. Last time I flew with them I went to San Francisco. The flight into Phoenix was running late, which would have put me in the City by the Bay an hour later than I was scheduled. Anyone who has tried to change an itinerary before knows that most airlines charge hefty penalties to do so. However, the check-in agent let me switch to Oakland at no charge, getting me in earlier than I expected. Yes, US Airways has its downsides as well, but I must admit they're mostly on the back-end of things. It would be nice if they would expand international service out of Phoenix, giving us non-stop options into Europe, Asia, South America, maybe even Australia, as Phoenix is easily within a large aircraft's range of all three continents. From a local perspective, it's bad they instead focus more on their Eastern hubs of Charlotte and Philadelphia, as they will expand to Brazil and China within the next year, though only those two cities will benefit. From a civic standpoint, it could benefit the city and area to expand Phoenix' options, especially considering that many cities smaller than Phoenix offer more international destinations including Portland, Salt Lake City and Charlotte. I'll admit Sky Harbor will be lacking for some time until this recession relents to a bull market... maybe. But in sum, US Airways' tickets are pretty reasonable, often cheaper than other carriers. Out of Sky Harbor, Southwest is its biggest competition and I would gladly pay a little more to fly US Airways domestically than I would Southwest.
1	Dear US Airways,For those of us who don't have the money to spoil ourselves on first class and economy, you really make us hate flying.As if wasn't annoying enough to go through check-in lines, security lines, take off your shoes, laptop, jacket, liquids and the typical crappy-expensive airport food, getting on your plane still makes it worst than everything else.Lets start with the fact that you cheap out on your customers. No food, no snacks, minimum drinks, disgruntle service. Lets add to that the fact that more than 4 times you have told me that the flight will be delayed (time unknown) because you had to "check the engines". Really? really? You need to CHECK THE ENGINE? is it to see that you won't kills us? It seems that you're the only airlines that has the need to do this, and to not let me know until WHEN you are delaying the flight but instead tell me that we should "check back" in 15-30mins.Lets continue with the fact that added to these delays, you delayed one of my flights almost 3 hours (in 30 min intervals, of course, so we never really knew until when the delay was) AND that once  you told me that the engine had failed, you made me wait again until you got another plane, and then wait even more because you "have the plane but not a gate for it". Added to this is the fact that I spent the midnight of my 21st bday at the freaking houston airport and didn't get home until 5am on a monday when I had class at 9am insetad of arriving at the original time of 12am.I get that you are trying to be cheap to keep your prices low... but maybe you should reduce your costs by being more efficient instead of skimping out on your customer service.
2	US Airways used to be right up there w/Continental.. now they're down thereI didn't even mind the fact that they started charging for their food.. But now they're going overboard.. I didn't want to bring a heavy jacket w/me to Cabo, so I wore a light jacket and I figured the standard blanket they give you during the flight would suffice.  I noticed there weren't any blankets on board and when I asked a flight attendant for one he said ".......yea.. for $7" I almost started laughing cause I thought he was trying to crack a joke.   He wasn't.  Introducing US Airways' "nap pack" comes w/crappy blanket, ear plugs, inflatable neck rest , for only $7!  Use the money you were previously going to use to purchase your online crappy meal for your standard necessities!  So I decline.. and they must crank the A/C up ridiculously to tempt you to purchase their stupid nappy pack.. cause the tip of my nose was cold and I just couldn't sleep at all during my flight w hile I was trying cover every surface of my body w/my stretched out light jacket.And you also suck cause you run out of your purchased meals...who doesn't pack enough for the flight?  You suck at even saving money for yourselves..
1	I realized just the other day that I never updated this review.  Sadly, US Air still gets one star. After months of waiting, filling out paperwork, and jumping through annoying hoops. we got reimbursed for less than 1/3 of what was lost. Not to mention that the biggest things lost were hand-made Christmas gifts.  We've learned our lesson about checking baggage... and about US Air. After such a fiasco, I won't be flying US Air again if I ever have the choice.  If I have to fly on their airline, everything will be either shipped ahead or carry on.  Ack!
1	Well...these days it is difficult to find anything positive to report about an airline. US Airways delivers nuts and bolts in an average way (meaning the plane works technically and delivers you to your destination for a reasonable price). Mostly on time. They could stand out from this averageness, however, if they would not make so many Nickeling and Diming efforts. For example the seat selling techniques applied are just downright counterproductive. When checking in on line, all seats except the pre-assigned center seats (different rows, even though we bought tickets together) were $15. This, of course, to compel you to spend another $30 to sit with The Wife (yes, $30, since there was no purchaseable seat right next to one of the pre-assigned centers....psychology, anyone??). Then, we were almost late at the airport, but still went to the underused check-in counter. We asked if we could sit together. Result: Reclining exit row seats for free in a half-full plane.Then we proceeded through the half empty airport and found out that we could actually go on a 1hr earlier plane, which was not full. However, the representative at the gate wanted $50 per ticked to make this change...again the Nickel and the Dime! Do they realize how bad this looks? Letting us on would not have cost anything, but would have left us with a happy memory...corporate numb nuts! Anyway, we went for coffee, saved the $100, and went on the booked plane. Can't be Nickeled and Dimed!More from the US Airways front (6/2011). It appears that they are stepping up their "force people to check bags to collect more revenue" efforts. Sitting at the gate, the loudspeaker blasted something like: "If your bag exceeds the size box and you will not check it right now, but wait until we detect your outsize-baggage-sneaking-in attempts at the gate when boarding, you will be charged for the bag when we check it in"-very nice. Several people immediately ran to the counter and checked their bags (for free). Then, when finally boarding my bag was singled out and put towards the "sizer". It was slightly too thick, and the clerkess immediately blasted: this must be checked...but then she got distracted, and another less-eager clerkess winked at me and indicated me to move on the plane...lucky me!Bottom line: It ain't getting better in those 'friendly skies'! Fly Southwest if you can!
1	US Airways is a rip off. Get this: bought a ticket, then couldn't use it because work came up. Cancelled the flight. They provided a voucher/credit for use w/in 12 months. Two days later, found a new flight for a week & 1/2 later. Called to use the voucher and was told there would be $150 change fee on top of the NEW much lower airfare. Hmmm...After multiple discussions with various agents, was told that tho' there was a ticket for $175 less than the voucher, which I was looking at online at the moment, and I wanted to use the voucher for the amount PLUS the ridiculous change fee, which would leave me still paying another $25 (remember, I already paid $250 for the ticket I had to cancel), I was not allowed! Period. No discussion. Too bad. WHY? Because the actual ticket price had to be equal to or more than the original ticket, plus pay the change fee. EVIL
1	Eff you United for pushing us on a plane "Serviced by US Airways" for one of the most miserable flying experiences of my life.  Also, if you accept our reservation, at least check us in at your desk - rude lady at the counter in SJ almost got joy from telling us we had to get back on to the bus (with our 5 bags - which by the way they charged us $110 for there, and $195 for back) and head to sorry ass Terminal C.To make things worse, in Phoenix, the wait to check in was over an hour and a half.  Got to the airport 2 hours and 15 minutes before our flight and because of US Airways total crap service we boarded our plane with only 10 minutes to spare.And while this not their fault - but because you've been stressed and miserable dealing with the idiots inside the airport - you are just destined for two bumpy ass flights while in the sky.Making a fart sound... Giving 1 star and now I'm an exclusive Southwest flier.
4	I am a frequent US Airways traveler.  The unfortunate thing about air travel is that basically the rules that airlines have to go by can really suck.  It almost cripples the employees from giving what a person would traditionally deem as "good service."That said . . . I find that US Airways always provides me with a predictable, safe, peaceful experience on par with most all major airlines.I've yet to have any major problems as a US Airways passenger.
2	US Airways is like two different airlines. If you're an elite member you get good US Airways, otherwise you get bad US Airways. I travel a lot for work....not exactly a badge of honor but, whatever...and I have to say that when you reach that level a whole new world of service opens up to you. One of the things they do that I like is the policy of automatic upgrades, based on availability. Other airlines want you to fiddle around with coupons and such. These guys just give you a seat. Simple and efficient...works for me :-)To me airlines are sort of like cell phone providers. They all suck, some just suck a little less than others. With the hub-and-spoke system the airlines have created more or less a monopoly. If you live in Phoenix the only viable options are US Air and Southwest. Sure, there are other airlines but you'll be faced with connections and poor schedules so pick your poison. ALL airlines experience delays and they ALL lie about the reason for the delay. When they say it's a 15 minute delay it really means an hour. They intentionally oversell flights in the hope that someone will cancel. Unlike the hotel elite programs, your miles WILL expire if you're not careful and don't expect to get a courtesy note either. Why the rant? It's only to illustrate that all airlines are the same. US Airways is no better or no worse than any of the others. I will say this for them though, their frequent flyer perks are fairly good and relatively easy to reach. Once you get to Gold or Platinum the upgrades are pretty regular. Just being able to use the first class check-in line at the airport is nice, even if you don't get a first class seat that day. So yeah, it's not perfect but it's better than some. And that's about as close and I'm going to get to a compliment for any airline :-)
5	I flew into Phoenix this weekend and had the most delightful experience with US Airways. Both on the way there and on the way back, the staff was professional, accommodating, friendly, helpful, patient and extremely efficient.I haven't had this great of an experience flying in a VERY long time.I want to thank the crew of US Airways for a FANTASTIC job. I will most definitely be flying with you again in the VERY near future.
1	I'm convinced that anyone giving this airline more than one star is most likely associated with them and is concerned about their job.  I've been flying with them for 7 years back to NC to see my aging mother.  I fly 3X/year on the same flights.  The service and attitude of the employees has been getting progressively worse.  I am also a pilot (20) years and I understand the weather and air traffic control VERY well!  This rant is not about operations, security or delays.  It is about the customer service by pissed off employees.  My wife said that if she was not with me on my last trip she would not have believed what happened.  I forgot to purchase my own bottle of water before getting on the plane in Charlotte.  The beverage service was 2 hours into the flight!  This old, cranky b#$%^ came by and said, "what do you want?"  I said I would like to have a soda and a water.  She said you can only have one or the other.  I was so thirsty I asked for the water.  It was a very small glass that I drank very fast and then ask for a refill...please!  She said, "I told you that you could only have one"  and pushed the cart away.  Even the people around me were in shock.  The check in personal were equally as rude.  If you are watching the internet news, there was an article a few weeks back that rated customer satisfaction and US Airways was at the bottom!  I for one will never fly with them again.
1	DISLIKE.Normally I fly southwest - for some odd reason US airways this past time was the better deal. NEVER AGAIN!I like to consider myself not much of a complainer (see other reviews) but my flight out of PHX to LAS VEGAS was horrendous.Allow me to clarify. Not the flight itself but the plane. I might as well have been on a private jet. I think if I stretched my body from fingertips to toes I would make up the width of the plane... I'm 5'1.... Another down side was that they charge for checked baggage - needless to say I was not going to pay the extra fee and thus consolidated all my belongings into a small 'approved' suitcase, only to come to find out that it wouldn't fit in the overhead storage. Again - terrible. Again - reference to the size.
4	My company usually booked me United every month I traveled.They're my last hope out there.They have been fairly consistent, on time, and friendly.Didn't lose my luggage a single time.(southwest lost it once, Delta screwed up bigtime and took 3 weeks)So I'd give them a four star.
1	I know what you're thinking, "Why in the world would you fly US Airways?"  Well, I didn't have much of a choice on the dates that I needed to fly.  Talk about GHETTO!  The first plane was so old that the seats were all sunken in and worn out.  There was no cushion to the cushion.  I might as well have been sitting on the chair frame alone.  There is no way that seat cushion could have kept us afloat if we landed in water.  And it was a 3.5 hour flight!  In addition to terrible seats, they didn't provide any complimentary (which isn't really complimentary because you paid for the flight) snacks on the flight.  You had to pay for snacks, even a small pack of peanuts!  What the heck?!  Even on the 6 hour flight from Phoenix to Maui they only provided beverages, no snacks.  Talk about cheap!  To top off our whole US Airways experience, they made us check in our carry-on luggage in Kauai because they said the overhead compartments were full.  So we checked in our luggage, walked to our seat, and found plenty of space right above our seats for our carry-ons.  Then we had to wait an hour at baggage claim to get our carry-ons.  Ugh!  Never again, US Airways!!!
3	Just a normal flight...not impressed but not totally bad. Flight into Phoenix my seat did not recline so that was a bummer and their check-in online system is way complicated.
2	They get you there... thats about it.
4	I have to say that overall, in the years I've been flying US Air, it's been a pleasant experience. Sure, they may charge you for bags and they may not be as fun and hip as Southwest, but I've had far more issues with canceled and delayed flights without any updates on the few times I've flown SW than the millions of times I've flown US Air. Delays and cancellations have been next to nothing, and when they happen, I've been very well accommodated for my troubles.
4	Wow, what a turn around this airline has had.  The aircraft are in great shape and they consistently get me where I am headed in a timely manner.Looking forward to the first class seats on their regional jets (this is a MUCH needed upgrade)Keep up the good work!
4	An air traffic controller strike in Jamaica almost cut short my honeymoon. A US Airways employee worked for 3+ hours to get us there the next day. Only because of her is why I like US Airways. Normally, I can't stand any airline or airport.
1	Do not fly U.S. Airways... We are in the process of sharing our story. We chose them because they claimed that they allowed carry on pets and they were less expensive than South West. While they sell it as animal friendly they were anything but...  Well, it cost us humiliation and our trip because we never made it. I don't think that I will go on any airlines again. I think that airport security is out of control and needs checks and balances placed on them before I'll ever consider it.  For more about our story check out our blog.  I would never give U.S. Airways another chance because they were rude from the ticket counter all the way to the plane. Rude old flight attendants, over crowded, over sold seats, and nasty old plane. There was no Welcome or thank you for flying... Just "Keep the line moving because You're delaying take off."  Just google Expressive Autism to see more on our blog.  http://expressiveautism.com/OurBlog.en.html
2	I purchased an upgrade to First Class with a connection.  $150 later and ticketed for First, I was denied access to the lounge.  Never had this problem with other airlines.  Will never fly with US Airways again!
1	I normally fly Southwest but decided to take US Airways on my recent trip to Raleigh-Durham NC ( from Manchester NH via Washington National) in order to attend my brother's law school graduation. My experience with US Airways was absolutely terrible. My first flight was delayed twice, the second delay because maintenance was called after a reading light was found to have burned out. I was convinced that I would miss my connecting flight because the one hour layover time i scheduled was reduced to a mere ten minutes. I ended up making the flight though, because it too was delayed. My return trip was also via Washington National and would involve a 1 hour layover. True to form, my flight to DC was delayed to the point that my time between flights exactly 30 minutes. When I told customer service that this was insufficient time to take a shuttle bus between terminal buildings and make my flight I was brusquely told that 30 minutes was a legal layover time and that nothing would be done for me. Of course it ended up being a moot point as the flight was soon delayed again. This caused me to miss my connecting flight and forced me to wait for 8 hours for the 10 PM flight to Manchester.     As I mentioned above, I normally fly southwest; this was my first US Airways flight in some time. Based on my experiences it is not at all clear that any US Airways flights actually leave on time. In the end, it would have taken less time to drive back to NH than fly with US Airways. I will not make the mistake of flying with them again.
1	Made my honeymoon flight arrangements in January (seating together), then with their computer conversion the entire flight had to be changed  (had to sit on the phone for an hour plus and made sure that we would be sitting together (again its our honeymoon)... but of course today (May) when I went to confirm was not the case. Worse customer service  -  their computer issue and they are unable to admit to the problem and correct it unless I want to pay $90+ dollars --- this is unacceptable - my reservation was correct and their computer issues/people made the error.
2	I fly US Airways more frequently than other airlines due to their destinations and schedules. I've never had a safety concern and more times than not... the staff has been just fine. It concerns me about the possible US Airways take over of American with regards to first class service. I get to fly first class 6 to 10 times a year and by far... US Airways is the absolute worst. The fact they call it first class is a complete joke. They should call it "the seat and a half with free vending food class". Yeah.. you get a quick drink while coach fills up... plastic glasses.... then another drink and they walk around with a basket of literally vending food... chips, cookies.... snack bars.... If you're flying a redeye.... most of the time you're lucky to get the first drink before they turn off the lights. No movie.... nothing. This is on all flights of 4 hours or less. I just flew American first class SFO to Dallas.... Cocktails in real glasses, warm nuts, nice meal with wine service, fresh baked cookie and a mint. US Airways.... please don't ruin this!!!!
1	ZERO stars!I traveled from STL to SFO a few weeks ago (with a layover in PHX). I have a couple complaints;One, I was checking 2 pieces of luggage in STL. One ended up being 14lbs. over weight (it was a cooler with food I bring home each year from my dad). I was charged an additional $90 on top of the $35 initially for the cooler to ship (including the $25 for my first bag- so $150 total)! This is an OUTRAGEOUS additional charge! I thought overweight bags were charged an additional $25 like other airlines I've had to pay at but $120 to ship one bag is just insane (and a set price for overweight bags is NOT listed on your website)! On top of that I paid $250 for a pet ticket so my baggage fees were $400 total... $100 more than my round trip ticket to fly. I couldn't believe that!On another note, the woman agent helping me at STL was the most rude customer service agent I've ever dealt with anywhere! She was rude to me about the overweight baggage and then claimed my dog was too tall to fit in her carrier so she claimed she wouldn't allow her to fly. She raised he voice at me and called me "a very inhumane person" for making a dog ride like that for a whole flight; seriously making me cry. I fly all over the country to do shows with my dog and this has never been a problem, including on the first leg of my trip when I bought the round trip dog ticket in SFO. This woman name-calling was totally inappropriate... people in line beside me were astonished. Since I had my round trip dog ticket purchased already, and she was sick of fighting with me over it, she let me go but told me the gate person probably wouldn't let me on the flight (and of course the gate person did).Between the dog crate episode and the bags, I have never been treated so poorly and charged with such ridiculously high adage fees. I'm very disappointed to not be able to fly US Air anymore since I never had problems with them in the past. It was a horrible way to end a very nice holiday vacation.I have passed the word on to as many people and websites as possible not to fly this airline!
1	They basically STOLE my ticket back from me! My husband and I were flying my folks out to Phoenix to babysit our kids for a few days. We bought them each a round trip ticket from LA to Phoenix. A day later we realized we needed them here a day earlier than planned, and of course understood there'd be a $150 change fee per ticket. So, I kept the ticket as it was and purchased a new, additional one-way ticket for just my mom so she could get here early and then my stepdad would fly out a day later on the original ticket. All was good until it was time to check them in for their return flight back to LA. My mom's original return flight wasn't coming up on the computer. I called US Airways and they said since she didn't travel on her original flight out, that she unknowingly forfeited her return flight as well. After utter shock and anger, they made me buy another last minute, full-priced ticket to get her home today. So to sum it up they received twice the money from us, and then received money from another passenger for using my mom's original seat. Does this sound unreasonable to anyone else? There's no reason they couldn't have just put her on that plane this morning without charging us yet again. I'm disgusted with this airline and will avoid them as well as American, for any future flights.
1	Short trips, your flight attendants suspend service to passengers with minimum turbulence yet it is safe enough to stand at the front of the plane and gossip about the differences of the 2 unions they work for, managers at the terminals, etc.  Sad when employees cannot get along and it shows in their attitudes and performance.  Probably trickles down to the passengers who are rude to one another.  Too high priced in comparison to Southwest who has bigger seats, friendly employees, friendly passengers and amenities.  You cannot tell me Southwest can charge cheaper rates and give more and better service for almost twice as less US AIR charges for all the attitude and lack of service.  They are very slow on delivering bags to the terminals as well.  I just road Southwest, and on both trips the baggage was there promptly!  Hardly any wait on full planes.  How does a cheaper airline pull of so much and US AIR cannot deliver?  Sad.....I am now a big fan of SOUTHWEST.  GOODBYE US AIRWAYS FOREVER!
1	I just got off the phone with your customer relations rep and was told that we would not be getting any sort of compensation for the 6 hour flight that you turned into a 12 hour ordeal.  In addition, I received a email stating  "In order to ensure that all carriers remain focused on safety, aviation regulations do not require airlines to pay compensation or reimburse expenses because of delayed or canceled flights. This would include such items as lost vacation time, missed meetings or other pre-paid activities that occur during a flight irregularity. I am very sorry we are unable to accommodate your request for compensation."  and "The flight returned to Phoenix since it is a US Airways hub. We have mechanics on hand and as in this case, a substitute aircraft. These options are not available in Los Angeles." Really? You mean that you are absolved from all compensation so that you can focus on safety? You mean that you couldn't fly another airplane to LAX, a hub that I know you fly out of? Your customer service rep seemed shocked that I would even mention this idea. Sorry but you lack of compassion for your passengers has cost you another customer. And I will be posting this to the FAA/DOT, Yelp and Google reviews in hope that some other poor traveler will be spared from dealing with you.
1	Friends don't let friends fly US airways . . . Seriously!! Pay the $10 $20 $50 for a better airline horrible customer service not even offered a food voucher for their mistake that has me here waiting til 641pm got here at 9am o_O
1	If possible I would give US Airways ZERO stars. My Son was stationed at Ft. Riley KS and his hitch was done. He was given a release date by the Army but his orders were changed and his release date was postponed for 5 days. We asked US Airways to change his ticket based on a change of orders. Sorry no can do but we will apply the cost of the original ticket to a new ticket. Yeah right. With the this fee and that fee the new ticket ended up costing us $120 MORE than the original ticket. The bottom line is we ended up buying two tickets and got to use only one. Total BS. This airline is NOT MILITARY FRIENDLY.  DO BUSINESS WITH THEM AT YOUR OWN RISK.
1	DO NOT FLY WITH US AIRWAYS!US Airways Flight 4427Philadelphia to BaltimoreAugust 8th, 2013Flight CancelledI was not late to my flight, I did not miss the date, I did everything correct. It was -your- airline that created the entire problem by overbooking all flights that came after our cancelled flight that day. The only resolution offered to us that would fly us directly to Baltimore would have been to take a flight leaving -11 HOURS- (9pm) after our originally scheduled flight (11am). That is not acceptable.This was the answer I received from US Airways customer service employee Edie Curt:"When a customer accepts accommodations to an alternate airport, the customer assumes responsibility for the additional expenses."To note here, we did not "assume" the extra expenses. We were given no other choice if we wanted to reach Baltimore in time. We accepted a flight to DC because it was our only alternative that would get us close enough to take public transportation to Baltimore, and to meet our deadline.I did ask if we could be provided a rental car so we could drive ourselves from Philadelphia, and that request was immediately denied. As it was, we had to spend our own money for all public transportation from DC to Baltimore so we could meet our group waiting for us in time. This is also not acceptable. It took us FOUR trains to get from DC to Baltimore in unfamiliar territory. Why should this cost be on us?This was a second answer I received from US Airways customer service employee Edie Curt:"There are no federal aviation regulations concerning what an airline must do to compensate passengers when the carrier delays or cancels a flight. This is true regardless of the reason for the delay/cancellation (e.g., weather, mechanical, crew availability, etc.)."So basically because it is not ILLEGAL, they are not required to help their customers in any way. Beware if you are flying US Airways in the future, I would consider otherwise. I have flown on other airlines and I have always either been provided a hotel, food, direct compensation for a future flight or alternate transportation to my exact destination at no cost to myself.Keeping the money we paid for services you did not deliver upon is considered theft. Your airline is a poor excuse for a business, and we will never fly with you again.Sincerely,Anne K.
1	What kind of customer facing company doesn't allow you to speak to a person to complain? Somehow they managed to lose our bag in Chicago when we didn't even change planes there. We didn't even know we had to stop in Chicago until we got on the flight thanks to a very disinterested ticketing agent. And they didn't even offer to pay the $25 fee that we had to pay to get it to our final destination in the first place. You have to send an email and forms for them to even review to credit anything. The only saving grace was an associate that got permission for my boyfriend to buy a jacket since we were in Boston with just a tee shirt. And we still have to send in the receipts and a form to get that back. Overall one of the worst experiences I've ever had.
2	They seem to have sacrificed customer service completely. You have to check in at a kiosk pay $25.00 for the baggage fee . There CSR always seem to be rude. I believe they are missing out by not having great customer service. They are at best below average.
1	No wonder this airline is suffering.  Horrible rude service.  Flight attendants looked like they just got out of bed.  Everyone freaked out with the take off from Cabo, the plane suddenly just dropped and the landing was worse.  It made me wonder the condition of the pilot as well.  It was the worst!  I wish I could give it no starts ..... never again no matter what cost savings
1	Worst airline on the planet bar none....boycott these fools until they change their business practices and fire their obnoxious entitled unfriendly cabin crew and customer "service" phone line. I booked my parents together in international first class 3 months before their flight only to find their "computer" reassigned them separate seats a few days before and "nothing we can do" was the answer from 3 levels of escalation. Don't waste your money, these idiots don't care and when I used to travel them personally for business they were THE worst. I'll take multiple inconvenient legs on any other airline just to avoid these tools. PLEASE PLEASE AVOID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Awesome airline! On time, nice flight attendants and great service every time!Awesome airline! On time, nice flight attendants and great service every time!
1	I am writing in reference to the cancellation of flight 1733 from Orlando (MCO) to Phoenix (PHX) on Wednesday, July 23, and the horrible experience my family and I had with US Airways and its associated companies. My confirmation code is FYT3ZL and my wife, three children and I were scheduled to travel on the previously mentioned flight. The flight was originally scheduled to leave at 8:45 p.m., and we arrived at the gate at 6:30 p.m., well in advance of our boarding time. Soon after our arrival at the gate, we were alerted the plane on which we would be traveling was delayed in Charlotte due to a mechanical issue. The flight was delayed several more times and, finally, at about 10:15 p.m. it was announced the flight was canceled. During the delay, my wife and I struck up a conversation with an off-duty US Airways flight attendant who also was traveling to Phoenix. She was monitoring the flight status using her smartphone. What's appalling is she told us a full 30 to 45 minutes before the 10:15 p.m. gate announcement the flight was officially canceled. My question is, why didn't US Airways alert its customers immediately? Why did the official announcement come from the gate agent 45 minutes later when the decision to cancel the flight had already been made? That was just the beginning of what turned out to be a horrible night. The gate agent who announced the cancellation stated US Airways would be assisting people with other flight arrangements and providing hotel vouchers. He also provided a toll-free number to your reservation department to assist with the flight arrangements, which I used to schedule our flight home to Phoenix. After the announcement, one line formed at the US Airways gate desk. That line included people who only needed hotel vouchers, others who chose to make their flight arrangements with the agent staffing the desk, and a few who needed help with flight arrangements and a voucher. One line was an incredibly inefficient way to manage and address the needs of the passengers. One woman with a disabled child in a wheelchair was forced to leave because of the wait. Had there been a line exclusively for those who only needed hotel vouchers, the process would have moved along a lot smoother. When it was our turn, the agent took a call from a colleague before helping us. It was a conversation about which hotel they were handing out vouchers for. "We are only sending people to the Quality Inn, not the Renaissance," said the gate agent on our end. This bit of information is important because of what we experienced upon our arrival at the Quality Inn. As it was, we left the gate with our Quality Inn hotel voucher in-hand at about 11:30 p.m., more than an hour after the cancellation was announced and vouchers were offered. By this time our children were incredibly tired, hungry and irritable. Needless to say, my wife and I were, too. The hotel shuttle arrived to pick us up at about midnight. The ensuing ride was horrible and could have cost us our lives. The shuttle driver actually fell asleep at a stop sign. He was literally asleep at the wheel. When he was awake he was swerving terribly into oncoming traffic. By the grace of God, we arrived at the hotel at about 12:15 a.m. We were greeted with a line of angry and tired US Airways customers that extended out the front door of the hotel. An hour and 15 minutes later, we were finally in our room, only to have to wake up five hours later to prepare our children and ourselves for our newly scheduled flight home. As I tried to sleep that night in the Quality Inn, I remembered the comment the gate agent issuing the hotel voucher made to his colleague on the other end of the phone: "We are only sending people to the Quality Inn, not the Renaissance." Is it any surprise one motel would be overwhelmed at midnight when a plane-full of customers arrives looking for a place to stay? Perhaps using the Renaissance wouldn't have been such a bad idea. Lastly, to put a capper on this horrible experience, on the flight home as the flight attendants were making their way up the aisle to serve drinks, my wife was asked if she'd like anything. She declined at first, but on second thought decided to enjoy a glass of wine. The flight attendant rolled his eyes at her request. A fitting response, I suppose, given the totality of the experience. We were supposed to arrive home at 9:58 p.m. Wednesday, July 23. Instead, we arrived in Phoenix at about 2:15 p.m., Thursday, July 24. I was forced to miss a day of work. My wife was forced to miss a day of work. All three of our children had to cancel previous obligations. We are incredibly disturbed by the way with which US Airways handled this situation - from beginning to end. It's an experience that was not simply inconvenient, but thanks to your association with the Quality Inn and its shuttle driver, one that could have caused injury or even death. No response after nearly two months!
1	Second worse airline after American Airlines.
