5	if your looking for fresh fish, fantastic lamb chops, and absolutely decadent entrees look no further than Elounda. It's by far one of the best Greek restaurants in Montreal. If you love seafood prepared in the traditional Greek way you have to make a stop at Elounda.
4	Great food, nice people, very personal staff - this is the key, its all personal. This is definitely a family Greek restaurant.I had the grilled Tunisian octopus, grilled Greek sausage at the bar with an glass of wine.The octopus was grilled to perfection! I was slightly crisp on the outside and gave it a slightly smokey flavor, not overdone, very tender.The grilled Greek sausage was excellent! Salty, nicely seasoned and the were texture elements to it.To me, anyone can learn to grill meats or fish, it takes talent to make sauces or braise. I didn't really see too much in this area. This is why I give it 4 stars.
5	Fish --- excellent!  But the most well-kept secrets are the 20 oz rib steak and veal chop. No doubt the best in the city.
5	Words that come to mind : fresh. Quality. Authentic.Food : by far the best seafood I've had in this city. The menu had a wide variety of seafood/fish and each platter is better than the other. I've always said that food of good quality never needs to be over spiced or fancied up. We ordered a little bit of everything and nothing disappointed. The oysters tasted like the sea, they were large and super fresh, amazing. The stuffed calamari is definitely something new for me and I really enjoyed it. The Elounda special, which is a tower of zucchini, eggplant and saganaki (fried cheese) with delicious tzatziki is a great option for nibblers like myself. The fried anchovies are simply addictive, I definitely recommend you try them. But my absolute favourite was the octopus. I've had my fair share of octopus and it was cooked to perfection here. The dessert (those honey ball things...:/) was great and the Greek coffee was a delight.Service/staff : A+. I love the fact that the owner is present and active in his restaurant. He had a great energy. The whole staff really, from our delightful waitress who suggested the wine to the guys who bring water and bread, was great.Decor/ambiance : the decor isn't out of a Home&Garden magazine, but it's quaint. Everything was very clean (including the bathrooms).Note : I've read people complain about the prices, but really, I don't see what the problem is. A lot of things are market price and the portions are very fair.Suggestion : if you want several appetizers, ask for half portions.
5	This restaurant is similar to Milo's but at half of the cost. They have a full seafood menu and I ordered the grilled octopus and the elounda special (fried zucchini and eggplant with store made tzatziki). One word: delicious!We then ordered Chilean seabass which was one of the best I've ever had .The service was nice and friendly and made the dining experience that much better.I would definitely come back and recommend first time guests to try this gem of a restaurant.
5	Wow, I haven't been blown away by the quality of food in quite some time!  I came here on a business lunch with 5 other people and one in my group is Greek by origin so he took the lead by ordering for us!  For appetizers, we ordered the Elounda special which was so amazing and tasty!  Crispy and lightly seasoned but so great in tasting!  As well with this there was a side of Tzatziki plus a red pepper-cheese spread.  Then some nice lightly fried Calamari.  The Calamari was amazing.... so light and crispy!   Then onto the next a huge chunky greek salad and as well some bread.  By this time I was feeling lightly full and ready to leave.Then came to our table the most appetizing mixed grilled shared plate I've seen in my life!  This was huge jumbo shrimp grilled, the most tender chicken, some grilled lamb, with fries and potatoes.  Then they brought out some vegetables, rice and some more fries!  Take a look at my photo but it doesn't do justice because this was enough food for 6 hungry guys!  If you look at their menu they have one of the most solid seafood selections I would claim in Montreal.  Amazing selection!    Decor of the place is nothing amazing....like an old neighbourhood Greek restaurant but the food is insanely good!  All was very lightly seasoned but so mouth watering and flavourful!
2	Typical Greek fare you'd find in any taverna downtown/plateau, except they feel the need to boost the prices even further to offset the expense of their tacky decorations. We were seated at a plastic fold up table with a table cloth over it. I don't see how the prices are justified. Don't go out of your way.Recommendation: 11$ Lemon juice drizzled Iceberg lettuce salad.
4	Arguably the best restaurant in Ville St. Laurent. This is my family's 'go to' spot. Amazing, fresh sea food. Be sure to get a shrimp cocktail. My family always gets a large greek salad, oyster mushrooms, and these amazing eggplant chips with tzatziki. For my main I highly recommend the swordfish, but the steak is also out of this world.
5	Let me just say... This places serves up a great experience. I stopped in on a Tuesday evening after having flown in from New Mexico.  I sat up at the bar (which was more of a server area - not really for public seating) and they were very accommodating. Not being very Privy to quality seafood from my home State, I elected to indulge on their seafood offering - assuming I couldn't go wrong.  After talking with the owner, Gary, who was very polite and professional, he suggested I try the grilled squid, seared scallops and their house made Caesar salad.  The squid was grilled perfectly and the dressed in a homemade onion and caper vinegarette - amazing. The scallops were perfectly seared and served up In again, another amazing homemade sauce. The Caesar was extremely good. Most Caesars today are so "vanilla" - it's just so easy to out a generic Caesar dressing on the salad from SYSCO, shamrock, Ben and Keith's...etc but they, ventured out into the "verboten" and made their own dressing. Creamy, delicious, raw and full of flavor - God bless them!!!  I'd highly recommend this place and a go-to on the northern side of town. Thanks Gary for a great experience - best of luck to you!
5	The only eatable restaurant in saint Laurent. One of my favourite in Montreal. Must try their house special tzaziki. Never get enough. I don't know if others notice, their bread taste sooooo good. U can actually buy one loaf of it. Don't try their sea bass. It is plain. Try tuna, and salmon. The cheesecake was made of ricotta in Greek style. Must try. A bit pricy but it is authentic.
