5	I cant tell you how much I hate going to the dentist, but this place is the best.  They made me feel at home. The last time I had my teeth cleaned was about four years ago which I know is horrible.  I walked into the office and was greeted by a friendly lady at the front desk.  She told me the prices and got me scheduled for a cleaning.The next day I got my teeth cleaned by Tami.  She was the best.  She took her time and explained what she was doing to me.  When she was done my teeth felt so smooth and clean.  The best part it was a painless experience even though she said I had a lot of calcium build up.I then met with Dr Catalano to go over the Xrays.  She showed me the two cavities I had and took care of them that day for me.  She was so nice and gentle.  I didnt feel anything.If you are anxious about going to the Dentist this is there place. They are nice and friendly and know what they are doing.  Give them a try you wont be disappointed.
5	This place is so impressive from the moment you walk in the door.  The professionalism never stopped. They have all the new up to date equipment, hence the name innovative. Everyone was very knowledgeable on every aspect from beginning to end. I have lived in this town my entire life and you will not find a doctor that is more caring and personable than Dr Angela Catalano.  I had some pain that wouldn't quit, it was a Saturday and they came in to make sure they got me out of pain now I am scheduled to come back and finish the treatment.The hygienist all I can say is wow she is certainly the best I have ever had clean my teeth...again you can tell she cares, they all do. No one likes to go to the dentist but I can tell you I will be going back every time. If you need a great dentist you need not look any further this is it, This is no run of the mill office.
5	Dr. Catalano and her awesome staff were fabulous! They were so sincere and caring, really made you feel comfortable as you could be in a dental office. From the beautiful atmosphere to massaging dental chairs, you can't go wrong, a real state of the art practice. My whole family was seen and loved it because the environment was so friendly and welcoming. I had my teeth whitened and was so surprised and happy with the great results, my teeth are so many shades whiter!! My husband had a crown done and you can't even tell that it isn't his real tooth, AND he didn't feel any pain! My 3 year had her teeth cleaned and did fabulous, didn't even cry. This will definitely be our family dentist moving forward, you aren't just another number.
5	It's hard to imagine that going to the dentist could actually be a good experience. But going to Innovative Dentistry was that and more. The staff is more then hopefully and extremely knowledgeable. The staff is very friendly and accommodating to there patients every concern. The office is very comfortable and clean. Dr. Catalano and her staff are very professional. Thank you so much.
5	I cannot tell you how afraid of going to the dentist for a root canal I was...Dr. Angela Catalano and her top tier staff and beautiful facilities made this visit nothing short of wonderful. No pain, perfect service...I am a believer, and now am looking forward (in a way) to getting my cleanings here and any other services. Can't even say enough good things about this practice.:)
5	I don't know anyone who enjoys the dentist but the team here is so wonderful that it makes it almost enjoyable. They are exceptionally through and take the time to explain everything. I actually look forward to coming back.The whole team is fantastic with children too.
5	I absolutely love this office! I've been to 3 dentists in Oregon in my lifetime, and got 3 other opinions in Las Vegas before I went back to Innovative Dentistry for my Root Canal- this is by far the best I've had! Great energy, caring, good laughs and so very helpful and trusting people! I'm glad I got into this new office before they get too busy!!
5	I absolutely recommend this place. The staff and Dr. Catalano were all courteous and the service was top-notch. They were all very friendly and helped with any of my concerns (because dentists aren't really my thing). Two thumbs up.
5	Amazing.  First class all the way.  The dentist is sooooo nice and really explains everything to you.  The staff is beyond amazing.  The office is clean and beautiful.  I was wowed.  You will not go anywhere else once you meet them.
5	I had a semi emergency when a crown became detached. They made a same day appointment which I appreciated. The Dentist and all the personnel were friendly and personable. The whole experience was fantastic. The dental assistant took x-rays, then the Dentist confirmed that there was no decay. A very complete evaluation before reattaching the crown which was down quickly and efficiently. Nice people who did a great job at a fair price.
5	Like most people, I despise visiting the dentist. Just the smell of the office gives me anxiety. I found Innovative Dentistry through Yelp and I'm so happy I chose Dr. Catalano and her team. Everyone who is employed here is genuinely nice and caring. I had a procedure done a month ago and I didn't get a chance to eat anything, so Tabatha, their receptionist offered me something to snack on so I wouldn't be nauseous under anesthesia. Cassie, the hygienist performed a 4 hour deep cleaning. She was very gentle and constantly asked how I was doing. If you're looking for a new dentist, and you come across this office, look no further. You're making the right decision by scheduling the appointment!
5	Best Dentist in Las Vegas and the staff aren't half bad either! J/k about the staff, they're all terrific too! When the phone gets answered it's like calling family members to check on your next visit. They're all excited to see you when you come in, excited to be at work every day, and caring about the treatment that is provided. I absolutely loathe the Dentist's office but coming here is always enjoyable. If you ever have a dental emergency there is always support at Innovative Dentistry....but a better option would be seeing these wonderful ladies for preventative treatment so you don't have that emergency. My wife and I love the seeing them so much we'll even stop in just to say hi!
5	Let me start off by saying that this is not my usual dentist and I drove my friend here for moral support while she was having a total crisis and dental emergency.  She hates going to the dentist so I went with her because so she was so anxious and in tremendous pain.   This is her usual dentist and she said she is always happy w/ the cleanings and work she receives here.  She DID NOT want to go anywhere else for the emergency situation so It was a blessing they were able to accommodate her w/ such short notice.  I was very impressed that they got her in the same day. Dr. Catalano and a few staff stayed way beyond closing time to finish up which meant so much to my stressed out friend. They treated her like she was family and went above and beyond so late in the evening.State of the art...top of the line equipment and the latest technology.  I also learned that they have massage chairs and they are a paperless office--thumbs up for that!
