1	What a disappointment. Starting with the salsa brought with the chips to the actuall meal, the food felt cheap. What do I mean by that? The meat was fatty. The flavors were bland. The presentation was awful. Everything was doused in a very unappealing and very disgusting green sauce.I'm a huge fan of Mexican food and have had my exact meal at other restaurants. 3 Margaritas just isn't up to par.The worst part, $37 plus tip for two meals and two kids meals. Save your money and go somewhere else.
1	Gross!  I don't know how they stay in business, with the Valley so full of fabulous authentic Mexican food.How bad was it?  Let me count the ways:- Cold, hard thick chips- A restroom with one broken toilet and two gargantuan "la cucarachas"-- roaches... they had to be at least as big as my hand, and they were alive- The apathetic attitude about said roaches when I told the hostess- BURNED beans-- how can you make BAD beans at a Mexican restaurant??!!  - Very mediocre, non memorable food- Amateurish service.  Friendly, but inept- Pricey for such crappy overall experienceDO NOT waste your dining dollars here.  You'd do better at Taco Bell.
1	I wish they could give negative stars.  I mean seriously this place is a health violation.  I have eaten Mexican food on the streets of Tijuana and almost never has it been this bad.  Gordan Ramsey needs to put this place on kitchen Nightmares.  Honestly, I joined Yelp just so I could post a review of how bad this place is.  I am not even joking when I say the marg tasted like it was made with a mixing powder like Koolaid.  I have never, ever, ever walked out without finishing my food.  I can say after 4 bites we were out the door.  Help others and warn them that this place is toxic.
1	I am a guy that loves to go out to dinner. Whether it's with my kids, by myself or the whole family.. I love a good restaurant. I also know when to spot a crappy one. Tonight, my son found a rock, yes I said a rock, in his refried beans! It was awful. I brought it to the attention of my server, who assured me that he would let his manager know. We waited and waited and the only thing that happened that server brought me a bill! No apology, no nothing????? It was the worst exhibition of restaurant management ever. When I spoke to the manager, he almost looked at me like I put the stone in my sons food. I have never been as angry as I was at that moment... Do yourself a favor and stay away... Don't risk your meal, enjoy any other restaurant. Obviously this place has front of the house issues as well as the back the house!
4	We wandered in here around 6pm on a Monday and the place was DEAD.  This always worries me:  is the food lousy? The service bad?  Is it overpriced?  The answer is no, no and no.The server was pretty quick to get to our table and was very friendly.  She brought some really good roasted salsa and a side of some veggie stuff, and a big basket of chips.  She took our drink order and was a little delayed in getting back to us but apologized for the delay and took our dinner order.Dinner was HUGE.  I mean seriously!  I had the Chicken Chipotle and my finance had the seafood dish.  REALLY, really good; especially the Chicken Chipotle; spicy and a lot of flavor.  And the prices were very fair.  And their HAPPY HOUR has really cheap prices for drinks and appetizers.So why is this place so dead?  I have no idea but I liked it, and I'm pretty picky about my Mexican food (salsa makes or breaks a restaurant IMHO!). Food was fresh, hot, and served in volumes.  Service was quick and friendly.  Price was reasonable.  What am I missing here?  Check this place out because unless I came in on an unusual night, this place is good. No, not amazing, but good. Yeah, I see the other reviews.  Maybe the place is under new management or something?  Seriously, it was a good place.  Give them a try.
4	This restaurant is my 2nd fav Mexican restaurant in the valley, mostly due to Tacos al Pastor and other authentic dishes, which cannot be found at many places these days...Service is usually decent, salsa is usually good, although it's different every time I've gone as it's probably made fresh.  Huge drink menu for mixed drinks (not a fan of margaritas)Lately they have advertised Sat night dancing but have not attended this.  However, I have been there for live music, and the one-man performer is great.  He usually plays a mix of oldies, pop, and latin on keyboard almost like a Vegas lounge act.  Creates a nice date atmosphere.  Decent casual atmosphere.  Would go there more if it were closer, and was very disappointed when the W. Bell Rd location closed several months ago.
