4	This place was great!  It was a lot larger than I thought it would be.  I was looking for 'wax sand' to make colorful candles with.  I've always thought of Hobby Lobby as the kind of place you go for model rocket parts or something so I went to Michael's first.  Their wax selection stank.  So I came to Hobby Lobby and they had exactly what I was looking for!  They had the wax sand in a bunch of colors (some colors weren't as bright as I was hoping for, but over all a good selection) and it was a lot cheaper than I thought it would be.  Michael's was asking $7 for a bag of white wax half the size of the colored wax I got here for $3!  I was able to get twice as much as I thought I was going to!  My roommate's kids are going to love doing this project!
5	Hobby Lobby is my drug of choice. I basically decorated my home with 90% Hobby Lobby. The staff is always friendly, they have great deals, its clean, and its really large.
3	I think the prices here are much better than Michael's, much bigger selection too. I was pretty shocked when I found that an equivalent package of colored tissue paper was 99 cents at Hobby Lobby and $2.99 at Michael's (yeesh!).  But, at the same time, the wait at the register is super long. The last two times I was here I was 4th in line and there was only 1 register open. The cashier was waiting for a price check or supervisor approval or something so just sat and waited for help while his line of customers continued to grow.
2	Great selection and the prices are cheaper here than Michael's I've noticed.But why do I have to wait an eternity to check out of here everytime???The last time I went there was only one register open and the cashier was just taking his sweet time, no sense of urgency, and didn't call anyone up to assist. There were like 10 people waiting I kid you not and people were quickly losing patience. Finally the poor old woman behind me walked off to find a manager and 3 more cashiers arrived lickety split after she complained.Customer service and management needs major work but I like the store that aside.
4	I like Hobby Lobby, and this one is bigger than average! I liked that!
5	I'd like to give a huge shout out to William at this location!  I am not in often, but when I am, he never fails to greet me with a smile and nice conversation while ringing me out.  Recently, I bought a Christmas tree and he happily wheeled it to my car, and placed it in my trunk cautiously, avoiding getting any scrapes or dust from the box on my interior.  Great job William!  He's the best!
3	I love Hobby Lobby for all things hobby, and this location is especially great because it is humongous! I almost would have thought that I looked through the entire store if the item I was looking for didn't happen to be located in another wing, down the ramp to the left. My only problem with this mega layout is that it's quite different than the others, so I didn't automatically know my way around. Also, I was looking for satin ribbon and a hair flower and instead of having all the ribbons and flowers in one central location they were scattered in many different spots throughout. Because of this I had to literally walk every aisle, which on this particular day didn't suck, but it would have in the event I had somewhere to be. Overall, I love this chain and never fail to find what I'm looking for.  Often I even find a lot of things that I didn't know I was looking for, due to their very expansive and ever changing selection. They are closed on Sundays, which can be inconvenient at times, but then I remind myself how awesome/rare it is to find a company that places their values over profit, and ultimately it makes me like them that much more. Keep an eye out for their frequently offered coupons for additional savings. Really can't go wrong here.
2	Had never been in Hobby Lobby and decided to give it a try one night. I walked in the door at 7:50 and had 2 cashiers and what looked like a Mgr. yelling at me "We close at 8!!!!!" Instant buzzkill due to the unprofessionalism of these employees. I left and didn't go back for 2 weeks. Sale prices are reasonable, regular prices are ridiculous.
5	My husband and I wanted to get our friends a unique gift and a special memory for their wedding present. We took our friends to a Sun's Basketball game to celebrate their engagement and took pictures and had the jumbo-tron wish them congratulations. We wanted to have a custom frame done, but know how expensive it is, and were on a budget and time crunch as well.We went to the Chandler Hobby Lobby, on Chandler Blvd. to see what our options were.Paula an employee at that Hobby Lobby was amazing, she help us find a ready made frame and gave us some options on how to make it custom with new Mattes. We also wanted a custom plate put in there, which we did not have time to order thru hobby lobby. We asked if we could get one made somewhere else could she include that? Which we did. We picked up our frame last night and WOW! it looks better then we could have imagined, can't wait to give our gift to our friends!Thanks to Paula and her skill and understanding she was able to save us money, time and make the process enjoyable.
5	This place is like Michael's on steroids! They have tons of little knick knacks for your home and any craft you can think of. There are tons of cool photo frames, awesome wall art, and some furniture pieces such as chairs and shelving. Almost everything was 30-50% off! Check it out!
5	Always appreciate the kind sweet service they provide but today an employee went above and beyond. Thank you Melanie for being so kind and helping me get a very important gift for my family member. You guys have a customer for life!
4	I was actually looking for Michael's & came across Hobby Lobby. Decided, "What the hell? A craft store is indeed a craft store, right?" I walked in wanting a pen & maybe some stickers. I walked all over the store & couldn't find what I wanted. I was already looking up where Michael's was on Yelp! in relation to where I was. Voila! A whole separate area. This store is huge! I went down the ramp & saw the pens. Perfect! Exactly what I wanted. I didn't want to search for areas anymore, so I asked where the stickers were. I was probably in Hobby Lobby for over an hour & a half looking at millions of stickers. $150 later... mind you, the stickers that I got were $1.49-2.99 a piece, so a lot of stickers later. I am pleased w| my purchase & all my options. Thank you, Hobby Lobby, for feeding my weird obsession w| pens & stickers. LOL!
2	I've noticed that they have a lot of deals on patterns at Hobby Lobby so I thought I'd check them out and see what all they had for a sewing enthusiast.When I got there, they only had a couple cabinets for all their patterns and the selection was pretty dismal at best. In fact out of a shopping list of 15 patterns I only found 2. Another sad detail was that there is no table with the latest pattern books to look through. Anyways, my next stop was to the fabric section which was pretty limited as well. They has some quilting & crafting cotton, but nothing for clothing. The rest of the store was pretty cool when I wandered through it, lots of decor kind of stuff which was fun to imagine in my place. However if you're looking for sewing patterns, supplies, or fabric; JoAnn's is still your best bet right now.
