5	I almost bought a used car at a traditional dealership. They told me how they have the mechanic look over the car and they only sell cars in perfect condition. I had my mechanic look it over and he found over $1200 in repairs needed. The next day I went to see Bob Bloom at Centennial. He showed me the carfax and the off site inspection and repair bill. Centennial isn't a traditional dealership. All the cars are inside and they set a fair price. No need to negotiate. We bought my son's first car from Bob and it was a great experience. I recommend you call Centennial and ask for Bob, you won't regret it. Tell them, Pat sent you :)
5	I have been buying cars from Bill Levitt for about 10 years.   It doesn't matter where he goes, I'll buy the vehicle from him.   He always has my best interests at heart and doesn't pressure me into a decision I'll regret.   I always know that I'll get the best price from Bill.  The great thing about Centennial is that you can have ANY car you want!  If you're looking for a used Honda Pilot, he'll get it for you.  If you want a new Toyota 4Runner, he can get that for you!   If it's Ford, Chevy or whatever, he'll get it for you at the best possible price - and he can get you any make or model!I emailed Bill, told him what I was looking for and the car was at Centennial within 24 hours.   Buying the car was a breeze.  He found the best possible interest rate for me and the paperwork took 10 minutes tops.   No sitting in a finance office being high pressured into a bunch of add ons.   This will change the way that you purchase cars ... for the better!  No trapsing around car lots with the vultures descending down on you trying to high pressure you into a purchase.   All the vehicles are parked in a spotless indoor climate controlled warehouse - this is a great car buying concept.   I highly recommend Bill Levitt and Centennial for all your vehicle needs.
1	TOTAL liars.  They act like they have this huge inventory of cars, however they just search the internet and get the car from another dealership.  They pay dealership profit and charge you a fee which allows them to take advantage of customers both ways.  In this internet world, we should just find the cars we want on our own.  They lied to us and will never ever use thier serivce.  I have asked to speak with the owner but he is never in the office.
