5	Lisa is an amazing photographer and is an absolute professional.I am not exactly "comfortable" in front of the camera but you would NOT be able to tell in the photos. A bit of a magician she is ;) Her rates are competitive and she's very accommodating to any wacky (and unwacky) ideas that you may have! If you're in Vegas, DEF check her out, you won't be sorry :)
5	My husband and I wanted to get married in Vegas, but alas, our family couldn't travel, so we had a wonderful wedding on the East Coast. That said, for our first anniversary, we thought we'd renew our vows at the Little White Wedding Chapel Drive-Thru (so Vegas!). But I wanted photos to mark the day, and they had to say "VEGAS!"So I did some online research, and came across a special that Moxie Studio was having. I got a great deal on a shoot, and after talking with Lisa, she really "got" what I was looking for. So I bought the special, not knowing how "special" it would be.Lisa and her husband met us on Freemont Street after our drive-thru ceremony. They spent much more time than the allotted hour and a half, and we got some great shots. I treasure those pics as much as I do my original wedding pics.If you need a Vegas photog - Lisa's your girl!
5	First I just want to say I hate getting in front of a camera and Lisa made it such a joy to be photographed.  I had been admiring Moxie studio's website for sometime and I was unsure what to expect and Lisa had exceeded my expectations.  She is completely dedicated and professional.  My family and I fell in love with her and her creativity.  When we were able to view the website there wasn't a photo I didn't want to purchase.  Moxie's prices are very reasonable . I have found a photographer for life.  I will no longer work with anyone else.  We LOVE you MOXIE Studio!!!
5	Lisa and her husband recently did our Christmas photos and we absolutely loved them.. We have an autistic 4 year old boy who can take down your typical photographer (and has).  Lisa and her husband had patience and understanding with him and you can tell in the pictures!  They captured beautiful pictures of both my kids, and I couldn't be any happier with Moxie Studios!  I would recommend her to any one who is looking for a great photographer, I only wish I would have found her sooner!
5	I LOVE, LOVE, Moxie Studio! They were part of our wedding process from start to finish. We had them do our engagement photos, our wedding, and they were also our cinematographers. Both Lisa and James met with us prior to each photo shoot to discuss ideas, details, and any concerns that we may have had. I loved how organized they were and that definitely  made me feel at ease. One less thing for me to worry about! They made sure not a single detail was missed on our special day. Our photos   (both engagement and wedding day) are beautiful. I also can't seem to stop watching different parts of our wedding video. They really captured the atmosphere of our wedding and every time I watch it, it takes me back to our wedding day. I highly recommend them!
5	This company has helped make my wedding planning so easy! I saw their work and their prices and knew immediately that I wanted them to be my wedding photographers! Their work is so unique for a really good price and I would recommend them to anyone, needing a photographer for any reason!! We will definitely be using them for all of our future photography needs! P.S. That picture you see next to my name, they did that!
5	Moxie Studio is AWESOME! :)THANK YOU guys for capturing our special day!!! I came across their website while searching on WeddingWire for a Cinematographer. After watching multiple video highlights, and reading their raving reviews, I knew they were the ones to go with.Their work speaks for themselves and we are so grateful that we got the opportunity to work with two wonderful people.It's difficult planning a wedding from a different state, but it was easy working with Lisa. From my first phone call and numerous emails, Lisa was very accommodating to all my questions. She always responded even when I requested to make adjustments and changes with our video. Thank you so much!!!On the day of our wedding, Lisa and Jamison came to our suite ready for the action. These two are very professional and they understand when it comes to working in a fast-pace environment. They went  straight to work and was able to capture us getting ready, to our first look, the ceremony and to the reception venue. My husband and I love watching our video, it is such a wonderful memory to cherish forever.  Lisa & Jamison should definitely be recognize for their work. Wish there were more stars on here...
5	Lisa did an amazing job with our family portraits over Thanksgiving. We were visiting family and the week prior decided to use the time to take family pictures and found Moxie Studio through yelp. I was happy that she had time to fit us in. Obviously it's difficult to know who you're going to meet especially since the first time meeting would be on picture day itself but right when we met her, we were so comfortable. Lisa is super chill and her photos are absolutely stunning. With two toddlers, it's difficult to know how their temperament would be but she was very patient with everyone. She is so prompt, straight forward and everything happened smoothly without a single glitch. So easy! We're so happy to have worked with her. =)
1	I was very interested in using Moxie for my wedding, but they never got back to me. I sent multiple emails and made a few calls.... Dissappointing...
5	I am so impressed with Moxie Studio! My husband and I had met with so many photographers but within 5 minutes of just meeting with Lisa and Jamison we knew that they were exactly who we wanted to photograph our wedding. Lisa was so great about answering my millions of questions and phone calls and she even gave us some great referrals for a DJ. They go above and beyond to make sure their clients are satisfied. They even spent the evening with us at the lake for our engagement shoot which turned out better than we could have dreamed! What photographer gets in the water with their super fancy camera to get a good shot? THEY DO! Our wedding photos capture all the love and laughter that was in the air on that night and I still tear up when I look at them. I could go on and on. Thanks so much you guys!
5	Honestly the best choice and probably one of the best parts of our wedding. I spent a lot of time researching photographers and videographers because I knew that would be most important to us as far as our vendors go. After our first meeting with Lisa, I knew she and her husband were the one(s)! :) Most important things that come to my mind: -She was so interested in getting to know us. -Our "get-to-know-you" shoot (engagement) was so comfortable. I was worried how my now-Husband would be in front of the camera but she made him feel so comfortable! -They commanded our large wedding party and got great shots -Prep leading up to the wedding was thorough and she was patient with me as I always had questions! -Everyone at our wedding complimented us (on picking them) because they were respectful at the ceremony and at the reception. Many guests also commented on how excited they were to see the pictures because it just LOOKED like they were taking such unique and great shots. When it was TRUE everyone was happy! -Received SO many compliments on the finished products - after our engagement shoot and after the wedding. -Lisa helped us with the day-of timeline for her sake and for my sanity, which was really helpful. As long as I'm living in Las Vegas, I will definitely have Lisa and Jameson take all of our photos. They are both so talented. I could go on forever!! xoxo
5	Lisa did our family photos this year, and they turned out great! The colors were so vibrant, and she was able to capture my whole family's personalities. She is full of energy and ideas, and I'm so glad we were able to work with her. I wish I had known her when I got married - she would have been a great choice for our wedding photos.
5	I was really glad I chose Moxie for our family pictures. Lisa was wonderful. I will definitely have our next family session with her again. The pictures were great, the location was perfect and colors were vibrant. I am more than happy with the pictures.  Thank you Lisa :) - Odulio Family
5	I met Lisa to help us capture our post wedding portraits. Moxie did an incredible job on our Rock the Dress session that I get giddy looking at the pictures everytime. They are a talented couple who I recommend for any photo session!
5	Amazing. Moxie Studio, Jamison & Lisa were our photographers / videographers for our engagement photos, engagement video, & wedding photos. These two make an amazing team together. All of our photos turned out gorgeous. Their passion for their work really shows in all the shots they take. This couple will do all they can to make your vision come alive. They are easy to communicate with & super fun to work with. They make you feel comfortable and natural even though taking endless photos kissing in front of a photographer was definitely an awkward thought for both my husband and I. These two individuals are super genuine and honest people. When going with their packages there's no hidden fees and their prices are very competitive compared to other photographers. Every penny was worth it and your important life events will be captured beautifully. They will be my photographer of choice for all my future life events and you won't regret picking them.
