1	The eye doctor seems to rush through his exams and isn't very thorough. Ordered contacts and when I picked them up they were the wrong prescription. I almost walked out door with wrong prescription. Watched as the two front clerks played the blame game.."I didn't put that order in". They did give me a spare set but still have to make another trip back to doctor in hopes my order will be right.
5	I admittedly don't get my prescription updated as often as I should, but I've dealt with these guys twice in 3 years for a couple different pairs of glasses and contacts, and I've had nothing but good experiences. Their front office gals were super helpful over the phone, guiding me through the process for contacts, and finding a cancellation for me to come in the next day for an appointment instead of waiting for 2 weeks to get in. They were equally nice to deal with in person.I've dealt with 2 different doctors, one male one female (don't remember names, sorry) and both seemed great. I had no issues.As for frames, i love their selection here. I'm picky when it comes to glasses - it's hard to find frames that straddle the line between not-boring but not overly expensive - these guys do a good job. I've been totally underwhelmed by every LensCrafters-type place I've been to.If you're on the lookout for a good optical place, I'd suggest giving these guys a try. The one downside I have is their hours; it's hard to get there m-f when they close at 5. They at least have Saturday hours, but those are pretty short. (8-noon, i think?)
5	Best eyecare office in Arizona! Customer Service is best in breed and products are A rated. Highly recommended
5	I really had a great experience with Optical Expressions. The Doctor was proficient and really seemed to know what he was doing. What really made my experience great though was the very sweet lady MIla (I think that is how you spell it). She is a pretty European blonde woman and is so professional, kind, helpful and just really pleasant to deal with. She went out of her way to help me get the lenses that I wanted- Optical Expressions really has a gem with her.The other front office staff was friendly and helpful as well. The selection of glasses is mainly made up of designer labels, so it can be a little pricey. I ended up with a pair of Versace glasses that I LOVE!I would recommend this shop to anyone- I will be returning there myself.
5	Great family experience!  Most knowledgeable eye doctor I've ever been to.  Dr. Ryan was great with the kids and very accurate with all of our prescriptions.
4	My wife and I really think the staff are always helpful and respectful.  On two separate instances something was wrong with my glasses, one of which I didn't even get through OE, and Drew took care of it. Their selection is pretty good, but they will order whatever you want. We've only had good experiences with the different doctors too. Though we moved a bit away, we'll keep coming here for sure.
