5	Dr. Wayne Kuhl has been my primary physician for more years than I can recall.  Recently, the moved "down the street" to a new, updated offices.  I am writing this review because it seems that MANY, many people use Yelp to find...anything.  Dr. Kuhl and his staff make going to the doctor as pleasant an experience as it can be.  Not only is the Staff extremely courteous, professional and cordial, they are actually friendly and nice!  They remember patient names; spend the necessary time with a patient when necessary, even if it means someone else will have to wait.  Dr. Kuhl, naturally, is a Board Certified physician, which should be important to anyone choosing a physician.  He is thorough, explains anything and everything about which you have questions, and goes over every test result with you, one by one.  If Dr. Kuhl thinks you need to see a Specialist, he is the first one to make that recommendation.  There is no "ego" involved.  I think the most telling thing I can share with you is a memory of something that happened in his waiting room when I happened to be there - many years ago.  The waiting room was full.  He was running late.  Suddenly the door opened, and there stood Dr. Kuhl.  He APOLOGIZED for keeping everyone waiting, but said, "I have a patient that simply needs more time than we had scheduled.  I promise each of you, if YOU were that patient, I would do the same for you."  I think it is rare that a physician ever apologizes for keeping you waiting, even when they walk into the exam room.  This was extraordinary.  I would recommend any of the physicians in this practice without any hesitation.  Also - if you have an emergent situation, they find a way to see you - that day! That is a huge thing in my mind!
5	It's not often that I've had pleasant experiences going to see the doctor, but after just two visits to this office, I'm sold!Dr. Tamara Lieberman and staff have been amazing to work with to date.  The office is centrally located just off of 32nd St and Camelback.  It's clean and the staff is courteous.  I haven't had to wait long either visit, and when I did need to reschedule one of my appointments, it wasn't a problem either.I had some routine lab work done today and Susan, one of the nurses there, couldn't have been friendlier.  She was professional as well and luckily, the blood draw went super smooth; I hate needles!  I had such a satisfactory experience that I made an appointment for my husband to go see one of the other doctors in the practice for a physical as well.  (Neither of us had been for routine check-ups in quite some time prior).  In my experience, good doctors with friendly and professional staff, are hard to come by, so I highly recommend giving this office a call if you're "apple a day" isn't enough to keep the doctor away!
5	Dr. Johns and his staff are wonderful! They are always helpful, kind and thorough. Most doctor's offices try to push you out the door--but not this one! Also, the office is always clean. Overall the best GP I've ever had.
