5	I am so happy Smokin Tony's has now opened its Waterloo location, and from all the people I saw here and in Guelph it is getting a whole lot of attention!I used to drive up to the other location for my BBQ meats, but now I can just drive up the road to Waterloo by Conestoga Mall instead of heading down Highway 7.  My favourite is still the pulled pork sandwich, but the beef brisket is not far behind...  When I can't decide which one I want, I get the 2 meat platter combo, it's a (pardon the pun) smokin' deal and comes with two sides and corn bread.If you love Southern-style Bar-B-Que, then you owe it to yourself to try Smokin' Tony's new Waterloo location.
2	I've eaten here 3 times now and the consistency has been lacking.  The first time I got the Brisket meal with fries on the side.  It was alright but didn't have much of a smokey flavour.  The second time I got the large Brisket sandwich which was fantastic and extremely filling.  The third time I got a pound of the Brisket and the quality was quite bad.  Huge chunks of fat made up at least 1/5 of the pound.  It was drenched in fatty juices but not in a good way.  It was falling apart, again not in a good way.  It seemed like it had been sitting for a while.  Their fries are fantastic though so I'll give them that.In a pinch I go here if I need my BBQ fix since it's nearby but this isn't authentic BBQ at all.
4	Pulled pork poutine is my favorite
5	Smokin Tony's has become one of my favorites for BBQ in the area. Tried the Waterloo location this weekend and was very impressed. I had a 1/2 rack of ribs meal with chili and onion rings. The ribs were perfectly cooked and full of flavor. They smoke and grill the ribs to give you a smoky flavor and a grilled crisp that is amazing. The chili was very hearty and think. The onion rings were perfectly cooked and not greasy. And to boot they had the motocross race up on the TV's which was awesome. Really enjoyed my lunch. Keep up the good work
2	i was very happy to know that a smoked meat restaurant was opening near by waterloo. I got the 3 meat dinner as I wanted to try most of the meats. The meats were good but the sauce were a little too sweet and not smokey enough. It also made me feel a little sick to the stomach. There beans are good but again, the sauce made me feel a little sick. Would avoid this place and rather go to hog tails which has real authentic smoked meat and sauces.
5	Pulled pork + Potato salad is the one you should go for! Crew people here are nice and will get you what you want. The TVs on each wall is a plus for sports junkies. Prices are reasonable, and i saw this behemoth burger, but i wouldn't go for that lol! Awesome place, check it out!
5	Best BBQ place in town! I strongly recommend checking it out if you haven't been there :)
