4	My mom loves Panda Express, so I'm usually here with my mom or on my way to her house. This particular trip was no exception, as I had to buy her some  Orange Chicken.If you've never been to a Panda Express, I'll explain how it works: You walk into this place and have options on what you want in terms of meal sizes. 2-entree plate? 3-entree plate? Family Panda Feast? Take your pick. Then you pick either chow mein or fried rice (or both!), plus your choice of entrees. It's quick, it's pretty good, and it's priced right. In terms of what's good to eat here, I'd say you can't go wrong with the Orange Chicken. It's pretty good, and it's consistently a top-seller there. I like the Honey Walnut Shrimp and Sweet and Sour Pork, too.You should know that nothing here is of exceptional quality. There's nothing here that's going to blow your mind with how good or how fresh or well-prepared it is. That's not to say this place is bad. It's just good Chinese food that's made quick and it's a value.
4	Decent, standard Panda.  Quick service, good food, friendly staff.  I have been here a couple of times.  They are always making more food.  There is usually a line, but its lunch time!  Had a great Panda bowl of shrimp with chow mein the other day.
3	they have revamped the place.. they need a little more tables. empty spaces.
1	Every time I have gone here the food was greasy and a bit too old. I usually like Panda and this is closest to my place so I have been disappointed...then I went in mid day recently and it smelled so bad I had to leave. The staff is always nice though.
1	I wish I can give no stars, this place was terrible and so was the food the lady wasn't listening. We asked three times for some mandarin sauce we asked the last at the counter once and she was perfect but the lady named Daisy taking orders is rude an ruins you're day. when we open the boxes it's all a mess and the looked old & awful. 1st and last time customer to this location.
3	Pretty fast and the place is clean. The food can be dry sometimes but I guess that is what u get when u want fast food anything. I really do wish that when they say spicy they mean spicy. I always order what ever they have that is spicy and I get it and I taste 0 spice. Maybe one day.
4	I've had many good experiences at this location. The staff is friendly and the food is fresh. Also the service is prompt even when it's been busy.
