4	AWESOME! the two ladies that helped us were GREAT! Thank you for being so professional. Very nice
2	Wow... this place is expensive!! Everything that you can purchase here, is available on Amazon for half price if not less. This location is nicely kempt but finding employees to help you or even just spotting one is like hunting the elusive yeti.
4	I'm at an Officemax at least twice a month.  I even have a couple near my home but find myself driving an extra mile or two to come here.  Why?? Well, it's the combination between their customer service, full service printing, and because it's located next to a Barnes & Nobles.  Main reason I hit up an Officemax is to have copies made.  I rather not spend the next 15+ minutes doing it myself, so I get the full service.  Price to get this done is far cheaper for me here than a FedEx, Office Depot, or Staples.  Besides, at this location I can drop off my originals, give them my request (i.e. hole punched paper, stapled, binded, etc), then head next door to the Barnes & Noble.  The service at the actual store is pretty good too.  There's always an associate that greets you in and out.  Some of the best customer service.  I usually have a list and they have no problems directing me to each item.  Bottom line, I prefer this Officemax over others just out of pure convenience.  Easy parking because it's usually empty, near a freeway, close to a Starbucks, close to a book store, and super service.
1	the worst company we ever dealt with from this local store to corp.we ordered a computer desk was told and writtin on receipt would take 3 to 4 days to deliver.after 5 days no show called l.v. store.was told on it's way told us in transit. days later got manager from store he said he'll call and gave us number to call. was told they don't know where it is.next day store manager called us said they never called him back.next day we called the same number manager gave us and was told again don't know where it is.now angry and called corp. customer service she acted appalled by what has happened and gave me manufacture of furniture she assured me it's in transit and will receive it tommorrow.gave me her direct line if it didn't.guess what nothing.next day saturday so calling her nobody there to talk to.next day went to l.v. store and demanded our money back.told us can't do anything cause in transit.told us when it arrives just bring it back to store for our refund.no can do we both have disabiled backs.so walked out store with no refund and big waist of our time.since then called and again told us don't know where it is but in transit.[13 days from ordering]then icing on the cake we got billed for it.cancelled this order through our credit card company.we will never ever use or buy anything from office max what a horrible company from our local store to corporate worst company we have ever dealt with. buyers beware use office depot or staples.
