4	Between the hours of 7-8am, like any Starbucks location the drive through is FULL. You're best bet is to park it and walk in, it's much quicker to get your order and get out. All the gals at this locale are super sweet and bubbly, and they get credit for the hours that their up serving all of us in need of our caffiene fixes lol.I will say, that if you are a fan of hot breakfast food, I would get it here. Their oatmeal is good but their sandwhiches, not so much. They nuke them in a microwave and tho they feel warm/hot on the outside in their lil sacks, the last two times I bit into them the egg was cold. Eww!Opt for a danish or something, or maybe go next door and get a fresh bagel or donut from Dunkin. Jus sayin :)
4	This Starbucks is awesome. No matter what time of the day I come here and regardless of whether I am ordering inside or through the drive-thru they always get me in and out pretty quickly. I have gone to other locations that aren't nearly as busy and I feel like I always wait at least twice as long for my caramel frap. Great afternoon pick me up when the work day seems like it's never going to end.
4	These guys always take care of me.  The girls behind the counter are always friendly and fun and always make my drink right.  My only beef is that smokers outside, but I rarely walk in.
5	This is the best starbucks in Scottsdale.  They are always super friendly and my drink is always perfect.  Keep up the good work.
5	Super awesome location and people.  Really clean and just friendly employees.  I go to Starbucks more than I like to admit and really dig this location.
5	Received great service in this Starbucks. I was greeted by two people behind the counter on my way in, and the two guys making the drinks were personable and nice. A+
4	This Starbuck's shares the same Wal-Mart power center shopping area as Dunkin Donuts. This is the coffee shop equivalent as McDonald's and Burger King in the fast food market. This location provides me with the perfect opportunity to compare Starbuck's with their competitor Dunkin Donuts a few hundred feet north. This review is broken into categories.FoodStarbuck's: Starbuck's weak point is their food. At least in my opinion. Their bagels are below the standards of a supermarket bagel. Their pastries are filling, yet unrememberable. With the new hot sandwiches at some Starbuck's stores their food is taking a turn for the better.Dunkin Donuts: I love Dunkin Donuts toasted bagels with cream cheese. When my sweet tooth is active, I love their famous donuts even more.ServiceStarbuck's:   At this location, the service is welcoming. Here I was greeted with a smile. At the time of my visit I was in a down mood because my Yelping companion the Samsung Fascinate was on its way to the circuitry in the sky. The friendly barista definitely lifted up my spirits (too bad the Fascinate was near death).Dunkin Donuts:   When I visited-a few minutes before Starbuck's, there was one man running the whole store. Imagine if it was busy. It was also weird that here, the employees (not baristas) go to the back to pour coffee. On a plus side, the one man working in the store put in the Equal and if I wanted it, milk for me.CoffeeStarbuck's:  Starbuck's clearly has first-rate coffee. I wouldn't be writing so many reviews on them if they were average. Regardless of how much I cherish their coffee beverages, I feel that they need to coffee far more flavoring syrups just like the Seattle's Best chain that they brought out. Dunkin Donuts:   I grew up in the New York Metropolitan Area. Long before the Starbuck's invasion, Dunkin Donuts was the coffee of choice. And to many people it still is. In my mind Dunkin Donuts and Starbuck's coffee are tied during the Holidays when Starbuck's features Pumpkin Spice, Egg Nog, and Gingerbread themed beverages.Throughout the rest of the year, I rate Dunkin Donuts coffee slightly better than Starbuck's coffee. The wild card is their light blueberry syrup.Coffee Shop experienceStarbuck's:   As far as a place to hang out, Starbuck's blows Dunkin Donuts away. In a few Starbuck's reviews, I wrote with enthusiasm that it is a third place. With the advent of data caps on smart phones, Starbuck's complimentary WiFi is a great deal. In similar fashion to many Starbuck's this location is cozy.Dunkin Donuts:   Dunkin Donuts feels more like a fast food place than a place to open up your lap top and hang out. There is zero WiFi promotions. Cozy couches and comfortable seating is nonexistent. In my humble opinion, Dunkin Donuts would expand faster if they remodeled their shops into comfortable third places.
5	This Starbucks location is always fast, friendly, & clean! I had an issue with an expired drink for the Starbucks App (Great App) and one of the baristas saw that I was disappointed in the fact that it had expired without my knowing. She was very polite and apologized and offered me a coupon for my next visit! That's great customer service...especially during the busy Holiday Season!
4	The people are always friendly. 4 stars cause parking is horrible when busy!!
5	Fast staff, friendly smiles. They brew multiple coffees. They have Casi Cielo on draft now! Cominig from a Starbucks partner this is a quality store.
3	Dropped by  a week ago at the Drive Thru and the line was half way down the back street.
4	This location is fast and friendly.  The mornings are a bit crazy during the week, which isn't abnormal for Starbucks.  Sometimes the drive-thru can be a bit backed up, but on the whole they move the line pretty quickly.  Every now and then it takes a bit, but I'm guessing this is more due to customers than staff.  My drinks are consistently good and I've never had a problem with them getting my order wrong.  As far as Starbucks' locations go - this is a good one!
5	Great staff and very friendly service!  Very quick too.  I also enjoy how fresh their food is when you order breakfast.
4	Love it!  Quite, friendly staff and not as busy and noisy as all the others.They always ask how I am and make sure I am comfortable.I also like the fact the keep the place very clean.
3	They probably only get my order right half of the time but they are so friendly and makes up for it and that is why I keep coming back.
5	This is a great little Starbucks! Nice big patio, a drive-through, some little tabes/chairs for working and even a few comfy chairs for relaxing.  The staff has always been really nice - this is the closest location to my office, so I've been here frequently, at lots of times of day, and it's totally consistent.  Come, order a ridiculously specific beverage and a pastry, and enjoy!
1	What do you mean a dirty chia doesn't come with any espresso? Does anyone here know what they're doing?
1	I have never waited this long for a two ingredient drink!  They did jot start my drink for five minutes and the customer behind me left five minutes ago.  Horrible customer service!!!!!!
1	This is the worst location starbucks I've ever been to in my life- and I've been using starbucks almost daily for 10 years- 90% of the workers there have the worst attitudes- specially the older ladies- the young ones are very nice-
5	This is far and beyond the best Starbucks I have ever been into anywhere in United States. Love this place!!
1	AWEFUL EXPERIENCE. I stopped in on the way to an appointment and was pleased to discover that there was only one family in front of me and A LOT of workers. With one woman working as the barista, one in the drive thru, two on the registers and an old lady just standing around, I thought for sure my service would be quick and effective. NOT THE CASE. I stood there. 5 minutes. No one said hello - no one so even acknowledged my existence as everyone stood around waiting for the kids with the family in front of me to make a decision. All I could see from my vantage point was a bored barista waiting for a drink order and a bunch of workers standing around that could have been effectively taking my order and starting on my drink as the family continued to hum and ha over what to eat and drink. I left. I don't have time to stand in line and watch a bunch of people stand around and ignore customers.Upon completing my appointment across the street, I returned and decided to try my luck through the drive through. Still quite bothered by what had happened earlier that evening, I politely asked to speak to a manager so I could discuss my experience with her. Much to my alarm, a cranky old woman came to the window and borderline yelled at me before I'd even had a chance to open my mouth. I stayed calm and simply said "I think it would be to your advantage to hear what I'd like to say so that you and your staff can learn from it. Your customer's want a better experience." She grumbled and glared at me the whole time I spoke, then stormed off without a word leaving me sitting in the drive thru window wondering what just happened. She angrily returned and jammed a free drink voucher in my face and said: "Here. It's a free drink coupon with a phone number you can call to complain to." I explained that I didn't want a free drink - I simply wanted to be heard and acknowledged. I was completely dumbfounded by the experience. Why was this woman so unbelievably rude? It's oddly comforting to read other people's reviews and learn that it wasn't personal - this old woman, "the manager", is rude and cranky to everyone. What is going on Starbucks? Get a handle on this store or shut it down. They're ruining your good name!!!!
2	I have been to Starbucks stores all over the world. I think out of all the Starbucks this one is one of the worst. They take forever to do anything. It took them 10+ minutes to get make my drink and I was one of the only people in the store. The staff is rude! I have been completely unimpressed by this Starbucks!
2	Staff was very rude from the beginning. I entered the store and no one greeted me. Then upon ordering the older women kept yelling at other employees in a very rude way, I felt embarrassed for them! She wrote a name on my cup that wasn't even close to my actual name and looked like she was inconvenienced when I asked her to turn the scanner on so I could pay. Before I was even completed scanning she started helping the next customer over my shoulder (there were only 2 people in line, it wasn't a rush) without saying goodbye to me. I was very disappointed in the service at this Starbucks, I will not be coming back to this location.
5	Love this location they are super quick on a busy morning and if your a regular they remember you, your name and your order fabulous costumer service!
