3	better than a subway, but a little on the expensive side for what i get, i think.i like to order the turkey and avocado croissant, with chips and a drink, ends up being almost $8. if you eat at the rest. it's a little dingy for my taste. i usually just pick and take back to work. the ingredients seem relatively fresh, but i would prob never eat here if this particular location wasn't directly across the street from my office.
2	Pretty lame subs and sandwiches. Worked close by so tried a few times. Hate to say it, but Subway is much better. Quality and quantity of ingredients in the so so bread left a lot to be desired.Service was okay but nothing to Yelp positively about.
3	not a bad place for subs.  The valley misses out on good subs and this place for the valley is miles above average, but if you have had great subs like a Jersey Mikes you know this place is just average.Help is real friendly and the price is good.  The Mother sub is usually what I get.  If you are in the area and in the mood for a sandwich this is a good place to go.
2	The sandwiches are pretty good, I believe I had the Ham & Swiss on my last trip there. The food portions are bigger than I can eat and the sandwiches are nice and melty. The shop itself is small- order at the counter and they'll call out when your order is ready.SubFactory isn't my favorite sandwich shop, and I probably wouldn't ever pick this place to eat, but I wouldnt be opposed to going if someone else wanted to.
4	i used to walk to here from the office a couple times a week. i really love the firecracker wrap here. fuckin bomb. i'm not walking here a couple times a week right now. but i still stop in for lunch a couple times a month.
4	I've seriously been coming to this place for 10 YEARS!  The name says it all - and don't come here looking for anything else.  It's not fancy or pretentious, just a great place to stop in and grab a sub.My favorite is the toasted turkey - no frills, just a turkey sub with tomatoes, lettuce and mayo - and don't forget the provolone cheese.  For $7 with chips and a drink you can't go wrong here.  Sub Factory can get a little busy during the week for the lunch crowd, so call in before or come a little after normal lunch hours and you won't wait more than a few minutes.
4	I have been going to the Sub Factory for years now and it's always delivered a great sub... But I have only ordered one each time the Pastrami Deluxe (melted cheese, fried bell peppers, grilled onions, mushrooms, mustard, pickle... Wow this is one great sub a must try for anyone looking for a great sub.
3	While I prefer the two story Tempe location on the 101 & University , this is not at all bad. The quality of the ingredients that they use is obvious with the first bite. While the employees at this location aren't very professional, it's very hard to beat their subs.
1	Came here to try something new.  I'm not coming back.Let's back up a bit.  The sub is decent, a shade higher than subway quality, but that shade might need to be measured by NASA.  Had a hot sub, was heated up in a microwave.  I can do that at home cheaper and without cooking it to the consistency of beef jerky.Here is what started to get me... I paid for the combo meal, which is 2 dollars and something for a fun size bag of chips and a drink.  Fountain drink stand has dust on it, bad sign.  What does that take that wipe down?  5, maybe 10 seconds? I get a fork at the straw/lid/silverware station afterwards.  4 crumbled up straw wrappers in the silverware station, on top of the forks.  I elect to eat without a fork.Did the guy who just walked out of the john wash his hands before he took off his straw wrapper with his genital holding hands and throw it in the fork tray?  I have no idea...Sanitation on that situation = 0.  Guy working in the back was rocking out to the radio.  Confirmed that when I washed my hands after eating and saw him in the kitchen with the door wide open to said work station.  I think checking that area is low on the list of priorities, as evidence would suggest.Here is what really pisses me off.  My chips taste terrible.  Not crunchy at all.  Came in on 12/18/2012, chips expired on 12/4/1012.  These are nacho cheese Doritos.  Sure, probably somewhat safe to eat a year after that but taste like shit.  My concern is if no one is looking at the expiration date on the chips, are they looking at it on the microwaved meat I just ate?  Or the cold meat they serve?  Bottom line, I don't like eating anywhere that openly advertises they sell expired food.  The chips proved that to me.  Really wish I would have seen that before I ate a few chips before seeing the expiration date and threw the rest of them away in the garbage which is what this place should have done before selling them.    Plenty of other sub shops very close to here I would assume do not do that, I'll give them my cash instead.  You have now been dubbed "Sub Craptory," until you get your act together.  Sure, I could have told someone that works there I bought expired food, but I already have a job.  I don't need to do yours.  I'm just never coming back again.Expired food = automatic one star.  Congratulations.I don't know, we are only 2 days away from 12/21/2012, maybe this is what the Mayan's predicted, people would eat your expired food here and all die of food poisoning and that is what ends the world.  I hope not.  That would suck.
5	I was starving. Went up to the counter and asked the girl what their most popular sub was and she didn't know.... Guy working the toaster knew immediatly "Turkey-Bacon sub" told him to do that for me exactly how everyone else likes it.  Few minutes later my sandwich gets called out.  This sandwich was simply amazing.  I loved it.  I ate the whole thing.  My fiance says my opinion means nothing since I was starving and a pig's ass would have pleased my taste buds at the time.  I disagree. My sandwich was bomb and I will return another time when I am not as hungry and see who's right.
1	Two thumbs down!This was my first time trying "sub factory" since I recently moved into the nieghborhood and this was the only place for subs that didn't appear to be a "chain" sub shop. I ordered the "meatball" sub with the normal toppings, onion, peppers, cheese. When I brought the sub home I was really excited to try it, then the dissapointment came. The bread was just ok it didn't look baked fresh, it seemed to be a kind of roll you buy at your local market that was split in half, not actual sub roll. The meatballs were sitting in what appeared to be canned crushed tomatoes, no seasoning nothing, it was pretty gross, no real italian marinara, then it had sliced onion, which was not cooked, then whatever cheese that seemed to be on it was only on the side of the sub. The meatballs tasted like the frozen kind you buy at the store and tasted like they where rehydrated and soaked in water, they were dry, bland and just plain gross. After only a couple of bites I was grossed out by the whole thing,  I turned and gave it to my dog.  Sub Factory was a total waste of my money and time.Note: When you own a little independant food chain , you are supposed to "kick butt" and go the extra mile with your food, and your customers.  I wasn't satisfied or impressed as a customer, I will NOT be back, not even for free food, it's that gross.........
3	Not bad.  Not great.
2	Not so clean, both the facility and the workers.  This place has been here forever and they do make a good toasted sub.  They should, they were doing it long before toasting was an option at most chain sub shops.If you can get past the cleanliness, the food is not bad...although I do wonder about the hygiene practices in the back where they make the subs.
4	Great sub. Reminds me of an old school grinder. Very good!
