2	Boo for Woo! Our party of 4 was NOT impressed with this restaurant -- the service was overwhelming to the point that it became annoying, the food was at best average, and the decor was nothing special.Since the restaurant only opened 3 days ago, the dining guests were definitely outnumbered by the waiters. We had at least 4 people waiting on us. While normally that would be a good thing, that was not the case at Woo. We often felt rushed as they try to clear our table between dishes -- even in cases when we still had food on the plate! Our conversation was also interrupted at least on 2 occasions because the waiter just had to describe our dish to us.Our main waiter kept upselling us on entrees and drinks too. He recommended that we order at least 2 of everything so that we could have a few bites of each dish as the portions were on the smaller side. Um hello, do you not see 4 relatively petite women at this table?He also seemed very particular about where we placed our glasses, plates, and utensils. He kept moving stuff around as if they were in the way of where he wanted to place the dishes. all of the dishes were overpowered by the sauces -- either too much of it or just plain too sweet.Oh and one final note...even the bathroom was rather unimpressing. the toilet seats were way too low and the toilet paper dispenser was not the easiest to use.1 star for the view of the Wynn billboard from our table.1 star for the $5 plate of vegetable fried rice.
1	My dinner:3 or 4 bites or various appetizers2 slabs of tofu with a single bunch of enoki mushrooms and 5 asparagus tips1 mochi ball1 glass of Luna FreakoutMy bill including gratuity:$62.00Seriously, this place is a pain in the ass. The menu is designed to be served over a number of courses from different sections of the menu. There are cold appetizers, hot appetizers, salads, hot dishes, main entrees and dim sum. Mind you, if you order something from the hot appetizer and cold appetizer sections, they will not come out at the same time. The kitchen is not designed for that , I'm told. The server and back waiters tend to you to the point that it's distracting from your meal. I LOVE good service, but really, come on. If I spend more time telling the servers thank you than I do talking to my friends, it's too much.The food was mediocre at best, and the prices are ridiculous for what you get. As Helen said, Boo on Woo.
5	There's something refreshing about having a family owned restaurant in the corporate world that is Las Vegas. The daughter greets you, the mother oversees the kitchen, the brother stops by the table to check on you during your meal. These guys care, people! I definitely challenge you guys to try the place and speak to one of the family members if any dish doesn't suit you. They are more the friendly about taking care of things.I went for lunch. The service was great and unobtrusive. I tried the bento box. At $25 it wasn't cheap, but considering I spent $15 on one of the crappiest lunches in my life at Grand Lux downstairs I can't really complain. The box had fried rice, seared ahi tuna in a nice sauce, lemon chicken, and a spare rib. We also ordered some calamari (to die for) and the miso cod lettuce wraps (also excellent). I liked everything I tried quite a bit. I could complain on price, but it's the Palazzo, the rents are ridiculous, and I don't feel like this place is that much pricier than sushi samba, mainland, Cut, etc.. basically you're in the Palazzo.. if you want to avoid eating the crap at Grand Lux, be prepared to shell out. Oh and lastly, have to address the cold/hot kitchen issue. This is how Nobu, Japonais, Tao, etc all function. Most trendy asian places in town will serve things out of order however they come out. I'm used to this, it doesn't bother me. If it bothers you, stick to PF changs or try a place on Spring Mountain.
4	The food here was surprisingly delicious since we only came here bc we were late on making reservations and this was one of the places still available.  The waiter was really misinformed however bc he said each plate was tapas style and only afforded 2-3 bites.  He was definitely WRONG.  We ended up ordering two of 5 different dishes ranging from $15-30 for 8 petite girls.  We were SO stuffed at the end of this meal.  I think we paid $55 each which is pretty cheap considering it was vegas and noone splurged on alky since we were starving.  Good dishes:1. Kobe beef w/crunchy rice 2. Duck with the fluffy white buns3. Calamari with cilantro sauce or the spicy sauce4. Cod in buttery sauce yummm5. Mongolian beef was good tooSkip: 1. Chow Mein--overpriced and nothing special2. Rock shrimp was more batter than anythingThe waiters were super efficient and tried to clear plates the minute they were done.  They like to bring out dishes "one at a time for you to savor each dish" but we requested they just bring them out because who has that much time!
5	Where to begin. Well, this place is empty normally and i understand. But it is good food. One tidbit. A lot of the portions are small. Especially the appetizers. I had duck, tofu and crab and each portion small. But wonderfully prepared and presented. The Edamame was the best. How do you make Edamame better? Check out Woo.There are for those like the negative reviewers found.. are deals here but you gotta know where they are! Grr.The lemon chicken. Enough to feed two people. The steak... enought to feed two people. Alcohol yes is expensive but welcome to the palazzo. But give this place a chance. Especially if you want a quiet romantic meal. This place has the atmosphere and charm.
5	Woo has really great food. The black cod miso was very yummy with great tender, tasty fish and a great light sweet miso sauce. The cilantro tempura shrimp were also fantastic, although I hate cilantro and avoided the sauce (which was a dipping sauce on the side). The shrimps were not overbattered, but they were crispy and fun to eat. The shrimp dumplings were overpriced at $8 for 2 but the skin was the perfect thickness and they were pan-fried just enough to make them crispy and have a nice thin crust but without burning anything. We also had the scallops were very well done, but not that distinctive.Some downsides were that the restaurant was quite empty, but mostly because the Palazzo was quite empty. Second, the portions are small and they waiters suggested 3-4 dishes for two of us. I think that was the right amount, but it means that you shouldn't expect to have dinner for 2 for the price of 2 entree dishes.Overall a great experience. Nice decor with dark brown woods and a great view outside. The chopstick holders were small flat pebbles; that was a very nice touch. The service was very fast and responsive. I'd definitely go there again!
3	We made reservations for the restaurant two weeks in advance, yet we had to wait 15 minutes for a table in a restaurant that was not busy at all. The hostess/greeter was a bit rude. Our waiter seemed hurried, which was strange because it really wasn't that crowded. He didn't tell us about any specials nor did he tell us that things were sold out until we tried to order them. Oops, my bad! Grrr.The food was nice, but very small, and certainly not worth our bill of over $100. We purchased the shrimp lettuce wraps, lemon chicken, and a spicy basil lobster dish. We also had one beer and one bottle of sparkling water (the water clocked in at $9).  Our waiter kept trying to push more food on us - "Are you sure you've had enough to eat? I know the dishes are small!" For the price of the food, I expected slightly better service. No, we didn't have enough to eat - my poor boyfriend ate the carrot garnish on our lettuce wraps (two wraps on a $10 plate - with about 1/4 cup of shrimp on one piece of iceburg lettuce). I was rather pleased with the lobster - the price seemed relatively fair at $39 for a lobster tail. The lemon chicken, however, was so so. The cheapest thing we had was the $4 bowl of brown rice. Funny, because we assumed it would be included in the price of our entrees. The prices seem "casual" on the menu, but we would have needed to have ordered twice as much to have been satisfied and paying $200 for a meal with such mediocre service isn't my cup of tea. Also, the seating was cramped and not good for people with disabilities, long legs, hips, coats, or large hand bags.I like the idea of smaller servings - everyone knows Americans eat too much, but this was overboard.
4	Pleasantly surprising!  I wasn't all that confident going in (not at all crowded on a Sunday evening), but the dishes we had were quite memorable.  They've got the sauces working for them.Our server was very helpful in suggesting how many plates to order.  The dishes are mostly served family style, so be sure to ask what you're getting yourself into.  Our group of four ordered two apps and six entrees, which was a perfect amount of food, maybe even one entree too much.The Bacon Wrapped Shishito Peppers with Curry Cream Cheese were a big hit, not as overpowering you might guess.  The veggie eggrolls were well done, as well, sided with two very different sauces.Some of the standouts from the main dishes were the Pan Seared Rare Tuna with Wasabi Soy and, get this, Stir Fried Chicken with Vegetables.  Yes, they managed to make chicken interesting.  The Stir Fried Scallops in Spicy Szechuan Sauce were addictive and the Tempura Calamari was just the right amount of hot.No dessert necessary.  The house sake was very smooth.  I hope Woo takes off, as they've got something good working.  Like I said, the sauces.
4	Small restaurant tucked into the palazzo.. hugeeeeeeeeeee round tables... its a good place to eat when you need to hurry up. which we did.. crazy people we are.. but yes.. my bf is picky on how food is made.. he's pretty much a foodie chef type.. and he liked it.. any place my bf likes... will do... asian restaurant with a hide out.. the wondow faces the WYNN hotel...
4	Went there with a promo offer from staying at Venetian. We are not really meat eaters and certainly not sushi eaters, but we found plenty of fresh items to order from. The Chef was very accommodating and made up some Vegetable Tempura for us. No, it is not on the menu. It was the best I had ever had! Very crisp, fresh veggies, no gross greasiness. Pretty generous portion. The chili aoli dipping sauce was wonderful. The salad with honey mustard vinaigrette was superb- taste was more complex than the very plain lettuce presentation seemed. Steamed veggie platter was just OK. Jasmine rice was great, albeit overpriced. Our server was great at offering suggestions and was attentive (almost bordering on too attentive.) We didn't need reservations on a Saturday night at 7 pm. In fact, the place was about only half full. Only four stars because without the Buy $50, get $20 off coupon, it would have been too pricey for what we got. Coming from a service industry background, I was pleased to see that an 18% gratuity was added pre-discount in order to save the servers from 1) getting tipped on the discounted price, which is not right and 2) from cheapskates! We left a few more bucks to bump up the tip to a bit over 20% because of the stellar service received.
4	Went there for dinner right after we landed in Vegas. The menu can be a little confusing at first since it does not follow the conventional categories, but the waiter was very helpful in explaining the menu and portion size of each category. All dishes were well presented, which was a huge plus - the chef obviously puts in the effort in preparing the food. The food was tasty and had good texture , although most of the sauces used could be a bit citrusy. The service was excellent at Woo's (might have something to do with the fact that it was rather empty when we dined there?) - the staff refill your water constantly and puts fresh plates on your table every course. So if you are in the mood for some refreshing(healthy) Asian cuisine, go for Woo's :)
3	The kind of overpriced restaurant with tiny portions where you risk paying over a hundred dollars for a meal and still leaving hungry. Also wasn't a fan of its out of the way location.
5	We stayed at the Palazzo, and as part of our package, we got two $30 off cupons for Woo (we had two rooms, so got two sets of cupons!). I really hadn't heard anything about this place, and we were slightly reluctant to come since we had eaten at PF Chang's the night before, but man, were we glad we gave Woo a chance! We arrived early and were immedeately seated- the restaurant was quite empty at 7PM. Our server explained the menu, concept and recommended drinks. Not only did they serve mixed cocktails, but they also had an extensive sake list. We ordered:1. Black Cod Lettuce Wraps2. Rock Shrimp Tempura with Spicy Cilantro3. Chicken Chow Mein4. Stir-fry Scallops in Spicy Schetzuan Sauce5. Kalbi Rib-Eye with Garlic Soy Sauce6. Ginger Chicken RavioliSounds like a lot of food, and they recommend sharing dishes, but they are tapas style, pretty small, we were a group of six girls and we probably could have eaten one or two more dishes, so don't be afraid to order a lot!Absolutely everything we ordered was delicious. No exceptions. Everything came with a wonderfully flavored sauce that complimented the dish perfectly. In particular, one of the girls fell in love with the Ginger Chicken Ravioli- to the point that she would not let the servers take the empty dish away as she wanted to lick the sauce off the plate. The Kalbi Rib-Eye was also a stand out dish-- came on a bed of rice, with some crunchy burnt rice on the bottom- SO GOOD! The sauce was also absolutely fabulous. I could have gone without the Rock Shrimp Tempura-- it was a bit bland for my taste, but the Black Cod Lettuce Wrap, I don't even know where to begin on this one.  I could eat this for breakfast, lunch and dinner everyday without getting sick of it. The warmth of the cod, and the bold flavor, paired with the freshness and crunch of the lettuce-- what more could anyone want? I HIGHLY RECOMMEND ORDERING THIS, I repeat, I REALLY recommend ordering this dish in particular. The chicken chow mein was also delicious, and the scallops were perfectly cooked. All around fantastic meal, wonderful service, friendly staff. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE bring Woo to New York City!!!!!!!!! Please?
4	While in Vegas we stayed at the Palazzo and included with our reservation was a $30 dining credit at their restaurant Woo. So although it wouldn't have necessarily been my first choice of where to eat, it ended up being one of our best meals while in Vegas. I must admit the decor and location left much to be desired. But the food was superb from the baby back ribs with honey tamarind glaze to the mochi ice cream for dessert and everything in between. The service was superb.  All the staff was very attentive.  Everything recommended to us by our server was delicious. Pity more attention wasn't paid to decor and location.  This is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.
3	Finally made it to Woo and had a pleasant lunch here.  It's a shame that the place was practically empty (why?) and had it been bustling, the atmosphere would have been greatly improved.  The decor is contemporary and has all the potential, heck the food is pretty good too-not sure what the problem is.  We ordered a bunch of small plates:  duck profiteroles-the bun was like an actual profiterole or cream puff and it would have been much better on a traditional Chinese steamed bun, hot and sour soup, honey tamarind glazed baby back ribs (yummy),  grilled rib eye & vermicelli noodle salad with spicy cilantro dressing (ok), and yelowtail sashimi with serrano and cilantro (very good).
5	We had a great lunch here when we first got in. I had the shrimp salad and it was delicious, the dressing was amazing! I also had one if the shrimp lettuce wraps and it was amazing as well. The service was great too. Hopefully I'll get to come back here and Vegas soon!
4	Woo epitomizes upscale Chinese / Asian fusion cuisine.   That said, this restaurant is not inexpensive.Woo is a family run restaurant.  Those of you who know Vegas will remember this restaurant when it was off the strip.  With its new home in the Palazzo, and a chef that trained at Nobu, the restaurant has reached new heights.Lunch is a great deal.  Try the bento box ($25).  This is a combination of four different selections by the chef.  The flavors all complement one another.  You cannot go wrong with this if you want a general overview of the cuisine here. Dinner is where this restaurant shines.  Order multiple dishes and share them.   Everything is good.  You will not be disappointed in anything you order.  Be adventurous.  A special note, the food is designed to be wine friendly so go ahead and have a bottle of your favorite.Finally, Vegas residents qualify for a discount here so be sure to let your server know if you are a Nevada local.  (Yes, you will be asked for ID so don't make this up.)
5	My friend brought me here, and my only regret is that I live too far away to return.  My favorites were the Chicken Ravioli (interesting twist to an Italian dish) and Black Cod Miso (delicious).  The service was excellent, and it was nice to chat with the manager and chef, owners of this family run restaurant.  The quality of the food, service and hearing how the members of this family are all involved in the operation of this restaurant make it a five-star restaurant for me.P.S. -- If you're going to see Jersey Boys, it's only a 5 minute walk from the theater.
3	The service here was great, the ambiance was lovely, and it has all the makings of a really solid restaurant. I went here with a large group from work, and we had a sort of family style tasting. A few of the dishes were done very well. Fantastic lemon chicken, and I'm not normally a lemon chicken fan. It was very light, flavorful, and not so sweet as it often is. However, in several cases, the food just doesn't live up to the potential, and what can and should be a 4-4.5 star restaurant is stalling out for me at 3 stars. Please note, I didn't comment on any dishes that were fine, but not standouts to the positive or negative. We tried a lot of food. The yellowtail sashimi w/ cerrano follows the time tested formula, but the cerrano chile is cut too thick for the delicate yellowtail, and makes it difficult to appreciate the fish. The Peking Duck profiterole is misnamed. There was no crispy skin, and didn't get the true flavors of Peking Duck. The dish was dry, and lacking in flavor. The tempura calamari with salt and pepper was very tasty, and had a very good balance. The pan seared rare tuna with wasabi soy was disturbing. It tasted butter poached, and the butter was so overpowering, the fish taste disappeared. The wasabi soy dipping sauce some how was very flat in flavor, and even something that should be potent like wasabi soy was completely missing punch. The cod with lemon garlic was also a very odd flavor profile, though the fish was well cooked. I'm not sure if I had issues with the naming constructs as the dishes didn't match the flavors that should be connected to the names, or that it tasted like the restaurant was catering so much to the western palate that it actually lost the Asian flavors. It feels like it needs an adjustment to get where it needs to be.
5	I didn't expect too much from this place, but we were hungry Chinese food was our choice. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The service was decent, but the food was surprisingly one of the best Chinese food I've had in awhile. The black cod miso is a must try. For the meat lovers, try the Kalbi rib eyes. The sauce was just right and the meat, while a bit rare, was prepared perfectly. We liked the Chinese Chicken salad so much we ordered another one. Good job Woo!
1	After leaving Tao due to their seeming lack of understanding and/or concern regarding our reservation, we went to Woo at Palazzo since we had a coupon. Yes, the coupon from the Venetian should've sounded alarm bells seeing as the last time we took up one of their offers for one of the restaurants, Dal Toro, we left feeling bewildered, sick, and hungry. Anyhow, upon arrival, I was struck by the stark decor and I don't minimal either. The place looked like it had run out money when it came time to do the interiors which consisted of painted Sheetrock and some curtains. Not what you'd expect from a $25+ per entree Vegas establishment. When we finally did get our food it was a lot like the atmosphere; bland with something missing. My wife's $30 seared tuna looked and tasted like it was out of a vacuum pack. It didn't even have pepper on it. Completely plain and void of flavor. My tempura salmon was much the same way.There are plenty of other great places to eat in Palzzo and Venetian, so don't waste your timeor money with Woo.
5	We really enjoyed Woo.  Amazing service (we did go early and were one of a few parties in the restaurant) and very very good food.  They had a few money saving drink specials that were not on the menu that added to this pleasant experience.  Never been to Tao so maybe that is better, but with the hotel's coupon it was a great meal.  I would give a try for yourself...
2	Glorified beef teriyaki.Small portions.  Enormous price.Waiters were friendly.Only went there because I got $30 off from my stay package.  Won't be back.
3	Popped in on a Sunday night because we had a $30 off $60 from the package we booked at the Venetian.  Overall, the staff was very nice and helpful and the food was good but nothing spectacular.  We had a couple cocktails, some edamame, the bacon-wrapped shishito peppers, the honey-tamarind glazed ribs, lemon chicken, and the rock shrimp tempura.  That kind of sounds like a lot of food, but the portions are pretty small.  Again, the food was good...just good.I don't have anything bad to say about my meal here but I don't have anything particularly glowing to say either.  I probably wouldn't go back but I wouldn't discourage anyone from trying it.
2	Fusion this! How many scallops in the appetizer, my friend asked. Oh, four or five. Well, let's try that! She forgot to say four or five slices. It was one damned scallop! Portions tiny. Salt & Pepper squid, okay. I have traveled pretty extensively, and never had duck sauce served with a pepper to kill. All small portions. Good luck with the spotty and a little rude service by the hostess. Waitress was trying but she was only one for eight lunch tables. Vegas not doing well.
2	We arrived here on a Saturday night after making a reservation and still had to wait 1/2 hour for our table. When we finally did sit, there were empty tables everywhere. The waitress introduced herself and then left for 10 minutes without taking a drink order. I ordered a hot and sour soup with the lobster entree. The soup was great, but the lobster was just ok. Definitely not worth $40.They forgot a few of our orders and took literally 15 minutes to run the credit card. I definitely won't be returning
5	PROS:The food is absolutely delicious, The hot and sour soup was just perfect, we had the black cod which melted in your mouth. The salt and pepper calamari was not the typical cheesy bar type ringlets..The staff was nice, ever person smiled from the moment we walked in. Our waiter checked on us constantly to see how we were doing. Great place to take a date and impress a new girl!CONS:I have zero negative thoughts on this place. Sort of pricey, but you pay for what you get...ambiance and all!FINAL ANSWER: GO! if you prefer quality OVER quantity! its yum!
2	average quality, small quantity, expensive and overpriced...
2	Ambiance was nice.  Service was nice.  Drinks were good.  I had a green tea martini, pricey at $15 but normal for Vegas.  Food was..."ok".  Way too pricey for what you are getting.  We left hungry.  I wouldn't go back to eat a meal but would go back for drinks /appetizers if nothing else was open.
1	Zero stars = total rip-off !Decor and ambiance just so-so.  Service is only average; staff seemed inexperienced (not counting stints at McDonald's or Burger King).Make sure you have eaten and stopped by an ATM before your arrival.Menu and items are all way over priced, portions are ultra-tiny. The roaches in this place are fed better than the patrons.The single scallop they used to construct  an appetizer seemed to be formed using a surgical laser which yielded 6 slices the thickness of a human hair.
4	We picked Woo due to a $30 off coupon with our particular promo at the Venetian and it turned out to be a great meal. The service is friendly (Mrs. Woo was standing at the expo window and greeted us with a big smile) and the dining room is nice, with windows overlooking Wynn and Encore. It is a little pricey, for Chinese food (it's really more Asian fusion), but the quality is very good. The hot and sour soup was just okay, not sour enough for my liking, but the egg roll and potsticker apps were fantastic. Additionally, my scallop entree was amazing - big, juicy pan fried scallops and asparagus in a light but pungent brown sauce. Woo wouldn't be my first choice for dining in the Palazzo and Venetian, but I would certainly go there again if someone suggested it.
3	Empty restaurant on a Saturday night in Vegas.  Highly suspect.  Our waiter introduces himself and explains that the restaurant is tapas-style Chinese cuisine.  In order to properly feed our group of 10, we would have to order 2 of everything.  The culprits: Baby back ribs w/ honey tamarind glaze ($10).  These were ok.  Nothing special.  Spicy Thai shrimp with garlic basil lettuce wraps ($10).  A little too salty for our liking.  Calamari w/ serrano peppers ($15): this was probably one of my favorites.  Crispy with some heat to it.  Lemon chicken ($21): pass...pass...pass.  Lastly my other favorite of the evening was steak served over grilled rice (similar to grilled onigiri).  Delicious.  Overall, the food was just ok.  For the price that we paid per item, I expected better.  Service could also have been better.  Considering the restaurant was empty, you'd expect more attention from your server.
4	Ok.  So, we were pretty much just tired and hungry when we arrived last night and didn't want to venture out far from our room for dinner, so we strolled into Woo.  Like many other reviewers state, the place was pretty empty, though, it was Wednesday night, so I wasn't all that alarmed. I was seriously not expecting much at all.  For starters, our waiter was more than a touch strange, weird vibe coming off that one for sure.  The decor was lacking and the menu appeared to be priced highly for what we'd seen of the place so far.  Then, THEN, our drinks arrived.  I very highly recommend the amazingness that is the Woo-Tini.  Wonderfully sweet and tart and fresh tasting.  The menu is a little weird, it's pretty much filled with shared plates.  We chose the Tuna Tartare which was fantastic, the escargot which was extraordinary.  We love Thai escargot and this surpassed our best Thai escargot experience.  The highlight of the night, for sure.  We also did the black cod miso which was very good, but a touch disappointing considering it was a $20 dish.  The other highlight of the night was the salt and pepper calamari.  Wow.  It was unlike any other salt and pepper anything I have consumed.    The portions are pretty small for sharing so we ended having the bread pudding dessert as well, which was also outstanding.  The passion fruit sorbet was extremely tart, which isn't my thing, but my husband really loved it.We were so pleasantly surprised by the flavors and freshness of each plate!  We came in here absolutely starving, ravenous.  Not exactly the best option for our hunger level, but we would absolutely come back here... The price is way WAY to high for 5 stars, but based on quality and taste, I do have to go with 4.   Our food experience was definitley 5 stars.
5	Progressive Chinese food with Japanese influences.It's a family owned restaurant with excellent service. Chef Woo is the former chef from Nobu at the Hard Rock. I had the yellowtail sashimi which was my favorite. Thin slices of serrano peppers and cilantro with a yuzu soy sauce graced each piece of yellowtail. The bf's favorite was the baby back ribs with a honey tamarine glaze.Ask for the daily specials:We also had lobster with a roasted jalapeno sauce. A bit spicy with an amazing presentation. We finished off with the calamari; it's slightly tempura battered and tossed in serranos. The calamari was really tender and packed with bold flavor.The desserts are not to be skipped. The bread pudding is a must!We will definitely be back!
4	Came here for some afternoon goodies...Went a while back but didnt do a review so forgive my lapse in dish details which I normally like to describe.Got tuna tartar, baby back ribs with tamarind, ginger beef tenderloin w/ enoki and two desserts I couldn't remember.Everything was good- portions are small...probably not a good dinner spot. Good thing we arent too hungry when we came. I dont know if I can justify the price for the portions as I've had equally satisfying tapas off strip for less. The desserts though are where it was at! I know, I couldnt remember my own favorites, how lame is that but it was unusual flavor combinations that I cant quite remember now what was paired of a souffle and a custard with a sorbet. This alone I would come back for- YUM!Our server was very nice and attentive and was the one who convinced us to please save room for dessert because it's his favorite two dishes in the restaurant.Alright, another spot that was good, but for the price...I'm not sure if it's worth it's full price unless I was. Again, for the Venetian team member promo- it was worth trying out, but will skip the tapas and come for dessert again!
5	This place was excellent.  I was lucky enough to eat here while staying at the Palazzo and I'm glad that I did.  I'm a big Chinese food fan, so it made sense for me to try this out.  I had the pot stickers and the chicken chowmein and it was great.  What I liked about the chowmein was that the noodles weren't too thick and heavy but thin and tasty.  The service and ambiance of this restaurant made the dining experience even more enjoyable.  I was definitely impressed.  I never thought that it would be possible to have upscale Chinese food but I was proven wrong.  I will definitely be paying a trip back here with I'm in Vegas again!
2	Woo has made me think twice before ever screaming "woo hoo" ever again because of bad association. The only positive thing I can say is that the cocktails are pretty kick ass. The food was super meh and pretty salty. Nothing was outstanding at all. The service was definitely lacking. The place was pretty empty on a Friday night (that should have told us something), but our service was pretty spacey AND our waiter left for the night and didn't put in half our order! Then, I had to send the bill back, not once, not twice, but THREE times because we were charged double for some things re had to re-order. But did it come out correctly the THIRD time? NOOOOO! So I just did something I hate to do, but leave less than the total bill plus tip. Oh well.
3	Not what it was all cracked up to be. Tuna Tartar - tasted like the spicy Tuna in sushi rolls, not impressedBlack Cod in Miso - It was good and tasty, did not stick out too much for me.Kalbi Rib Eye - the pan fried rice ball on the bottom of the entree was delicious and teh sauce was good. It was typical average. All in all..everything was good, but average...nothing to special that you can't get at any other asia restaurant on Spring Mountain.
1	I didn't like the food.  I had the pan seared tuna and the grilled salmon...it was forgettable.  I went to Woo because I could use my resort credit from the Venetian, but I know I won't ever return.  I much prefer Zine, which is also in the Palazzo.  The food and prices at Zine are better. Woo was such a disappointment!
3	The kalbi rib eye was excellent. Slices of rib eye over a crispy cake of white rice drizzled with a dark soy kalbi sauce...yum!  My husband had the lemon chicken which was great and maintained it's crispiness and the lemon sauce was not too overpowering. We also had the glazed grilled salmon and were pleasantly surprised at the nice portion.The service was less just "ok". I work for a gaming company that is HUGE on customer service, creating relationships with guests, and inviting them back. Not so much here. Our server barely hit the mark in friendliness, and that's all he was, just a food server which is why I gave them 3 stars. The food was excellent but if the quality of service was better, they would have earned the other 2 stars from me.
1	The food and atmosphere at Woo are miserable. All the food was underseasoned, overcooked and gross. The tuna tartar was just chopped tuna with no seasoning. When we asked for some soy sauce, they gave us the Chinese kind, when it was obviously a more Japanese inspired dish. The sizzling beef plate was ordered medium and came chewy and well done with no seasoning. With so many restaurants in Vegas, don't waste your time and $ here. It's expensive for below avg food.
4	I had the cod in a lemon garlic sauce.  The cod was lightly cooked to create a very light crisp shell and very soft on the inside.  There was no hint any fish taste which was welcomed.  The side of asparagus and enoki mushroom marinated in the lemon garlic sauce was very good as well.  The portion size of the cod was as expected.The main dish was served a la carte so I ordered a side of brown rice which arrived in a bowl.
3	Only a semi-woo for Woo restaurant!  The concept is pretty neat: Chinese fusion with smaller plates, tapas-style.  You gotta share dishes to enjoy it.  Luckily, I took a bunch of customers out to Woo, so we were able to order a lot and try a lot.  I enjoyed the honey/tamarind glazed ribs, yellowtail, seared tuna, and lobster tail.  The food is a bit bland in general though.  Maybe they wanted to cater to tourists not used to real Asian food.  The location/decor was a bit disappointing.  You'd think that being in the lovely Palazzo, it would be awesome.  But the place is hidden in a corner on the 2nd floor of a really quiet shopping area.  So I guess I'm thinking you could do much better than Woo.  It is an A-OK place, don't get me wrong.  It's just that you'd expect things to be super swanky or unique in Vegas, and Woo just wasn't enough.
2	With the sheer volume of outstanding restaurants in Vegas, Woo is not a restaurant we would select. But with a free 3 course meal curtsey of The Palazzo we thought we should give it a shot. Well things were mixed. To start, they have a $25 corkage fee. Not unusual in Vegas but at least you would expect an outstanding wine list. Woo, not so much. A very small list with some decent wine but greatly overpriced. As a positive, they did provide decent stemware. Onto the service. I would say our server and the man bringing our food provided outstanding service. Friendly, responsive and informed. This was a major part in them getting 2 stars from me. We had 5 dishes plus dessert. The starters were mixed. The chicken pot sticker was absolutely outstanding. The cod wrapped in butter lettuce was tasty but was overly salty and had strong candied/caramel flavors that took away from the balance. For the main course, my wife had the Kalbi rib eye. Now this was one ugly dish when it arrived but it did deliver on flavor and texture. Very nicely made and her plate was completely clean after a few minutes. I on the other hand got the wok seared salmon. This will go down as a shameful dish that should not have been served. Seared? Hardly. Overcooked to hell, yes. But thankfully before overcooking the salmon, they didn't bother to season it, or the sauce it was served on top of. So they just served me a $28 (menu price) overcooked under seasoned piece of salmon. This alone takes away at least a star. Oh to add extra nothing, they topped it with tasteless tempura shrimp. I don't even know how they figured out how to serve something with no flavor. The servers, pot stickers and rib eye lead me to believe with some help they could pull off a nice meal, hence 2 stars. Hopefully they'll pay attention and get help. I just saw that another yelper said the restaurant closed as of Sunday May 16. The day after we ate there. Maybe just mailed our meal in.
2	Our service was just not what I expected from a Las Vegas eatery. Even though it was New Year's Eve, the restaurant wasn't busy. There was no reason our apps should have outpaced our very simple drinks we ordered. There were at least two instances where someone took my drink order, and then I never saw he or she again -- and certainly didn't receive my drinks. The dishes were edible, far from memorable -- definitely not worth the price. I seriously doubt this place will be open in a year. Save your money and go elsewhere.
2	I received a comped meal here from the Venetian.I was not easily impressed by this place. Since it was a comped meal, I received a prix fixe menu and the options were blah. It seemed like expensive Chinese food and who pays for that. It was so bad that I ended up booking a reservation at Lotus of Siam (off the Strip). Definitely NOT fine dining or a place to get a free meal.
