5	Bargain basement produce.  "Seriously silly prices" is their slogan and they really follow through.  I have to try to spend more than $30 here.  It's like a budget Whole Foods.
5	Awesome produce at great prices. Their produce guy even treated me to samples of a white peach and pluot -- just took his knife and cut a slice of each for me. Talk about customer service! Also love their bulk granola and good selection of beauty products.
4	Almost too cheap to be true fruits and veggies at this place. I'm not sure if we just caught it on a good night but after reading the other reviews it doesn't look like it. It struck me as slightly disheveled and took me a little while to find things, but I think that was just a product of me being a first time customer. It's like a much less corporate TJ's or Whole Foods, and way cheaper.
5	Like the other reviewers said, the produce is very cheap and of good quality.  They offer a growing selection of organic produce also, as well as other organic offerings.  They have a self serve spice area where you can buy as much or as little as you want, so it is great if a recipe calls for something  you don't normally use so you won't buy a lot and waste it.  The trail mixes in the bulk food area are tasty and the beer and wine is reasonably priced.  The best thing is if you shop on Wednesdays, it is double ad day so you get the sales for the current week and the previous week.
4	I am not a "natural and organic" type of girl, but I love this little market.  They seriously do have "silly prices" as their slogan goes.I still shop at the supermarkets for household goods, junk food, and other staples.  Where Sunflower has me hooked is their bakery-bread in particular.  I love bread, but have never been a sandwich eater because I'm not a white, wheat, or rye fan.  Sunflower has a huge selection of unique breads (kalamata olive, rosemary and olive oil, asiago cheese, jalapeno & cheddar, my favorite cranberry & walnut, to name only a few!).  They'll even slice it for you if you ask.They also have a great frozen fruit & veggie section with options not always available in your average supermarket (sweet potato fries, baby asparagus, and mango for example).  Their meat department is great, too, and soooo much cheaper than you pay at a supermarket.The only complaint I have is that the produce is not always the best in my opinion.  On more than one occasion,  I had to stop at Fry's across the street because what I needed didn't look so good.  I also can't seem to get a decent lime-they're always dry.  Maybe it's just me??
5	OMG, Scottsdale Sunflower is the best place outside of Tempe to pickup on chicks who don't shave their arm pits.Oh, and it also happens to be the best place in the area for produce, really effing good cereal (the peanut butter Puffin sh!t), organic food and 50 million different types of trail mix.
5	This is the best place to get your groceries and produce in old town, where oddly, there is a shortage of decent grocery stores. You won't find a friendlier staff - very different from your standard grocery store wait-in-line experience.This place has great quality groceries and produce and low, low prices. They've got a great selection of bread, an awesome deli, super quality and great prices. Huge beer selection. I even dig their granola and wasabi peas from the bulk bins. Lots of choices for hummus, and you've got to try the chicken curry salad (in the fridge left of the deli).
4	I've been to Sunflower a handful of times and it's a quality grocery store.  Fresh produce, fantastic selection, reasonable prices, friendly staff, and not so big that it's overwhelming to shop here.  Like Sarah K said in her review, "It's like a budget Whole Foods."I ran in today to get some last minute ingredients for Rosh Hashonah dinner, and I was in and out pretty quickly.  They don't have the best selection when it comes to muffin mixes, so I had to go to Safeway for that, but other than that, Sunflower rocks!  Their bulk food section particularly is impressive... and the prices are fabulous!  (I think AJ's charges at least double what Sunflower does on certain items).When I live in Old Town (hopefully moving in the next 2 weeks or so), I will make Sunflower a regular grocery shopping destination for sure.
4	Ok, so I live in Old Town...around Indian School and Hayden area.  So, I have three choices.  Either Fry's, Bashas or Sunflower!  If I have a few extra dollars, I love going to Sunflower Market!!  It's a great place.  It's certainly no Whole Foods but it can still hold it's own.  If you ever walk around and appear to not really know what you are looking for, a vegan hippie may approach you and give you some great advice!!!  I am not sure what his name is, but he's very all knowing when it comes to "cleansing".  The produce is decent and the beer selection isn't bad either.  The only drawback about this place is the bottled water.  Can you say EXPENSIVE?  Other than that, it's a nice little market.
4	I am a huge fan of this grocery store. You can not beat their produce prices: lrg lemons 25 cents a piece. pkgs of raspberries blueberries 88 cents. non-red delicious apples, grapefruit, avocados, asparagus: all at a fraction of what I was paying up the street at albertsons. and FRESH... I remember prices like this in college: at southwest supermarkets. There was a reason you were getting a discount: everything was weeks past its prime. But not here. There are no flies lurking about. I actually have never found pears that taste this good before. The mangoes... wow. Anyway, I love their tamales. They are almost as good as the ones ladies sell out of their cars at the walmart on 36th and thomas (but double the price at 6.99 for 6.) So, they are convenient and close to perfection: Try the chicken and green chili. ** on a side note: those ladies at the wal mart on 36th and Thomas: I'd give them 6 stars if I could for their tamales. If a lady approaches you: don't hesitate: just give them a $5 for a dozen and be grateful!! yum. Anyway, They have awesome prepared meals, fresh soups, marinated meats and seafood. Frozen packaged meals: far from ordinary and many have an ethnic flair. No lean cuisine here... and many are not over $5 making it a cheap lunch to bring to work. Their frozen fish selection is fantastic. I had an awesome herb-ed buttered trout last night for dinner: prompting this review. Also love their selection of cereals, oatmeal, frozen organic veggies and their yogurts. They have awesome ginger snaps: a big bag for 1.99. I can not really rave about their wine selection: but their beer selection isn't half bad. :) Anyway, since I began shopping here regularly a few months ago: I have saved money and I am eating healthy. I didn't think it was possible to do both!
4	Somewhat limited in their offerings, but that's not what the store is about.  Very good fresh fruits, veggies and good bulk items like granola, seeds and nuts.  Very good fresh meat and they even grind their own sausage.  I am a big fan of their chicken sausage!!!  Produce prices seem very competitive, but some of their beer/wine seems a bit high.  Also wish they had a better selection of cheese, have to go to Whole Foods for that.
4	It doesn't get any better than this if you are buying produce.  Their fruits and veggies are cheap and fresh.  The meat selection is decent.  The sausage is wonderful.  It's homemade and a lot of different ones to choose from.I don't suggest going here to buy a gallon of milk or butter, all of that is overpriced.  But if you need glueton and fat free organic salad dressing at a reasonable price, come on in.  I did not know there was a difference between firm and extra firm tofu until I started shopping here.  Another nice bonus is they will feature herbal specialists and nutritionists speakers from time to time.  I've learned a thing of 2 from them. I've been to Sprouts and I am more impressed with Sunflower.
4	whoa man....i thought these types of places were way over priced for "organic" food....thus i never go there (or sprouts or whole foods or anywhere else that makes me feel bad for not eating orgainic and charging me double/triple for the same bananas that come from chile). but man, this place rocks. we got one of their salespapers in the mail this week, and all the produce is so much cheaper. and it looks fresher than my neighborly fry's next door. and cage free eggs were cheaper too....holy toledo. i wouldn't buy my canned goods here, but from now on, sunflower is THE place for us when it comes to veggies and fruits!!!
5	Man, this store is bad ass! If I lived in the area, this is where I would be shopping!
5	I am blessed to have a Sunflower withing walking distance of my salon and another within bike riding distance of my house. I love this place! I usually get my lunch from here a few times a week and it fits into my budget nicely. I usually will get a cup of soup and have never been disappointed in the quality and tastiness. Today I had their homemade meat lasagna for the first time and boy was it good! The produce selection is wonderful with great prices and there is a wide selection of bulk items. I am a cheese fanatic and like the wide array to choose from.  There herb and vegetable plants are usually 2 for $5, a very inexpensive way to start your own garden. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable and I have even special ordered essential oils from here.
5	Love love love this grocery -- only wish it was closer to my home.They have ridiculously fresh produce for an incredibly cheap price (better than Safeway or Frys), and their employees are always so friendly and full of info about anything you might need.Are their organic/all natural products a bit high priced? Some of them, yes, but their tofu, soy milk, etc, is on par with any traditional store. I also appreciate them being willing to order things in if they don't have it.I love their potted herbs, their fresh bread, their bulk section (including delicious granola), their fresh coffee...I mean, what's not to love about your friendly neighborhood Sunflower?
5	Sunflower market is WAY cheaper than Whole Foods and has a lot more than Sprouts. It's my first choice of healthy grocery stores!They have the freshest produce around without it being full of bugs like Trader Joes. Their selection is very wide and their employees are really nice. Seriously I can't stand the employees at Whole Foods or Sprouts. They're such pretentious jerks sometimes. Whether I need lamb or bison meat, coconut milk ice cream, or almonds...this is always my first choice. They're also the only place in town that has every kind of vegan sliced cheese. Whole and Sprouts have some of them but which flavors are sporadic and random. I will never stray from Sunflower again!
4	I love me some Sunflower on Wednesdays!  Sunflower has double ad days on Wednesdays, which means you get :  specials prices for the week prior + the current week = Mucho savings! To sum it up, if you shop at Sunflwer, you'll get: - Great prices on seasonal produce- Huge selection of Vegetarian, Vegan and Gluten free products- Decent selection of fresh meat, fish and cheese- Huge olive bar- Yummy homemade soups daily!- High priced staple items (Such as laundry soap, milk, etc...) Just keep this in mind.   Unless you're loaded or super green, this is not a one-stop-shop!Awww, I feel healthier just thinking about it!
4	Sunflower market is the best...love the local food and friendly staff.  I still have to go to another spot for some for some basics (I like to make organic good decisions but there's just some stuff I need to get a target).  Definitely good prices and I love some of the special products only they have...
5	I love this place!  They have great sales on super fabulous awesome steaks!  I bought some Ribeyes that were seriously much better than AJ's and 75% less!  The chicken is organic and seriously it does taste better...and it was super reasonable as well.  The market has great vegies and odd stuff that is difficult to find other places.  The help is really helpful and friendly.  All in all it's a great experience!
4	I love this place and shop frequently here however the staff doesnt know where half the stuff is located half the time and sometimes 1 out of 20 times I come here, there is a guy with attitude. Produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce. However DO NOT buy anything not on sale unless you have the money to spend(excluding produce).
5	The produce here is always a hit. I wish we had more "farmer" grocery stores instead of the massive franchise stores.
4	I love buying produce at Sunflower - and their meat selection is great if you are looking for natural meats. They do have some organic chicken, but it's not the best priced (Check out Trader Joe's for better pricing).This is also where we buy our coffee as they have about 10 different organic blends to choose from, all for $7.99 a pound (a fantastic price!). I love the bins of various rices, beans, nuts and other ingredients - it definitely helps save some cash when cooking. Also when we are throwing a party, they have a great selection of snacks that are always a hit. From salt water taffy to yogurt/candy covered pretzels, we always find something great.They have friendly service, which is great. I love to support these smaller chains!
4	Awesome place for fresh produce, bulk of nuts & grains, and lots of wines/beers to choose from. It's Whole Foods merge with Trader Joes. Best of both worlds into one store. Cant get any better than that. I prefer this over Sprouts. Selection of organic products is not as plentiful as Whole Foods but what they do have to offer is fresh and affordable. I usually leave with more organic veggies and half the price in comparison to Whole Foods! Makes me a happy girl! Give it a try...it'll make your wallet smile :)
5	This place is amazing. I get 80% of my groceries here. They have the best quality and prices for produce in the area. It's also a lot cheaper to buy nuts and raisins etc in the bulk section! Ever need just a 1/4 cup of dried apricots for a recipe? Well no use in buying a whole package when you can just get what you need! They have a pretty good wine selection too and you can get some fairly inexpensive labels to try. Their staff is always friendly and can help you find whatever you need. And for those of us who bring our own bags they give you .10 cents off for each bag. Most other stores I know maybe do .5cents or nothing at all. Go on Wednesdays when their sale flyers overlap and you get to take advantage of two weeks worth of sale items!
5	This place is awesome and it replaced Trader Joes as my new grocery store. The produce is plentiful and fresh, they have Boars Head at the deli, and they have organic options. The meat is way more reasonably priced than AJs. It reminds me of a small Whole Foods without the ridiculous prices.
3	This store is very close to my house, but it's not why I'm so favorable on the review.Pros: Produce selection is good, pricing is a little better than most places, and the store is clean. THE BEER SELECTION IS AWESOME! OH YEAH, THE BEER SELECTION IS AWESOME!Cons--the "Ethnic" section is all Asian. Really? Are you kidding me? There is more to this world than just "Asian" food. I love Asian food, but come on.Ok enough Cons....let's get back to the Pros. The staff is all pretty friendly, the bulk foods selection is quite food. I really like the candy section....and in the summer, they bring in a giant display of Salt Water Taffy from Salt Lake City (where I am from), so I don't get home sick. Just stomach sick.Cheers.Me
5	Thank you Sunflower for having a decent selection of tofu and fake meats so I don't have to drive 25 minutes to Whole Foods. Also I would like to tell you that I really enjoy your produce prices and your friendly staff, especially the cashiers, they are always so pleasant and helpful. While I am at it I should probably apologize for "sampling" lots of your candy from the bulk item bins, those chocolate covered peanut butter filled pretzels are amazing, I promise I always use the scoop. And one more thing, it's really awesome that you carry beers brewed by Rinkukiu Alaus Darykla, the Lobster Lover is DELICIOUS!
3	This is pretty much my main grocery shopping destination, normally. They have so many great, fresh, organic and unique products here all under one roof. I feel so good shopping here...this is a place for body, mind AND soul! Other mentionables: Great line of Aegean hummus and dips (chipotle hummus, and sun-dried tomato tzatziki to name just a couple outstanding ones), always fresh organic produce, and a terrific lineup of body care products.Okay, the main reason they get 3 out of 5 stars is the lack of customer service on the part of the checker people. One guy who works there should, honestly, not be working with the public at all, as he is a no-personality kid who looks like a bum. I went there 2 nights ago and a different guy was also no-personality-glum-uninterested in my shopping experience. Hello??? Whatever happened to, "Hello, sir, how are you this evening? Did you find everything alright? Good." and maybe...a smile? Conversationality? Yes, you work as a...grocery checkout person and probably loathe that fact of your life...but you still...work in a professional, public relations capacity, like it or not, and need to fake it like any good server or store clerk, etc. I've actually gone to Sprouts or Trader Joe's a few times instead, because of this. Oh yeah, and try to have your checkers thoroughly trained before putting them on the floor...one gal I had one day - it must have been her first day on the job and she was so slow and held up the line forever while she looked through this book and that and had to call people to help her on simple stuff. Yikes.Another reason I give them 3 stars is they can be a bit pricey (even for an organic specialty store), and their average bread price is well over $4. But things do go on sale quite often, and I think they have Whole Foods beat, overall on price. I haven't minded spending substantially more here, as the products are top notch, feel good, natural, and ultimately worth it. Sunflower GM's and DM's, take note!
4	This is my go-to grocery store. The prices are great, and they only stock hormone free meats. I also appreciate the bulk foods so I can reduce packaging... I just put things in canisters at home. I like buying spices in bulk too since some of them I don't go through very quickly, so I can buy smaller amounts. Bulk coffee beans are awesome, and they offer a selection of fair trade and organic (costs the same as regular). They also call-out which products are local on the shelves. I buy everything here except for things like detergents and pop. It's not really their forte so they aren't very competitive. Which is fine.
4	After two years of living less than 2 miles away from this place, I finally decided to stop in.  I'm glad I did... I love how low key it is, the selection of produce, the prices, and the older folks shopping are way more pleasant than those at that Fry's on Indian School and Miller (I don't go there unless I have to).If you live close and you've never been, stop on by next time you need to go to the grocery store.  You'll probably like quite a bit over the Fry's, Safeway, and Bashas around the corner.
4	Sunflower has the best selections of fruits and veggies in town!  Great selections of food and meat products.  I love shopping at Sunflower because I know I'm getting the best food for an awesome price!
5	Time to give this place a nice update.I was kind of an asshole in my last review. Maybe I was a bit too harsh. The Asian section IS a bit weak, but this store does come through for me in every way.--The best craft beer selection within a stone's throw of my home.--Fantastic and fresh produce!--Delicious soups--An amazing butcher block--A lovely supplement selection Yes, everything about this place rocks. I am sorry for giving such a weak review last time around. Sunflower, if we were a sandwich and I were the peanut butter....you know your place...the jam.
4	Have been here twice, and will now make a weekly visit! The best place for what i am looking for for groceries within convenient proximity to my house in South Scottsdale. Great produce, decent wine selection, have had good luck with the fish from the butcher, and they sell my new favorite cooking oil, organic coconut oil! Very low key pleasant place to food shop.
4	Was meeting some friends at the Zipps sports bar/grill next door and decided to run in here for a quick stop 'n shop.  My mission....find some good Beer for after Zipps....Was very impressed with their Beer selection.  Found a 6 Pack of Four Peaks IPA, made my day!  Bought it and some gum and hit the door.I'll have to come back to do some real shopping.  Too bad it's not close to my house.Return Factor - 85%
4	Is it pathetic that my "happy place" is a grocery store? I hope it makes it less pathetic that it's an awesome farmer's market!It's a little pricier than Trader Joe's, and there isn't as huge of a selection as TJ's, but I forgive these grievances because Sunflower is less than 2 minutes from my apartment. The olive bar is the bomb-diggity. They have all the basics plus some delicious unique choices, like sliced sun-dried tomatoes (When you don't want to shell out several more dollars for a whole bag or jar of them) and marinated mozzarella.Speaking of cheese, their section is TDF: Anything you could want! It's located next to their awesome--albeit small--selection of premade meals. They make a FAB single-serving vegetable lasagna topped with breadcrumbs. Try it out before I buy it all. They have some tasty looking breakfast burritos, but I refuse to cheat on my love, Fiesta Burrito.The pricing on the cereal section is a little outrageous, but there are always deals on their store-brand "Kashi" knock offs. If you see Peace Cereal give it a shot, even if it's a few bucks more than your regular. SO GOOD.Their "ethnic" (Mexican and Asian, let's be honest) aisle is pretty piddly, but you'll find most basics you need. Like I said, there are a few negatives bringing it down a star but for a place so close to me I can't help but keep coming back. It's great!
5	Best place for chicken breast! Always looks good, never suspect! Though I will walk around aimlessly, chicken is really all that I'll buy from them.
5	Sunflower Market is hands down my favorite place to grocery shop EVER! They have an amazing selection of organic fruits, and vegetables. They have delicious soups everyday. They sell Boars Head cold cuts for cheaper than any other store I have shopped at. Their freshly prepared tuna stuffed tomatoes are banging. Their roasted red pepper hummus is the best I've ever had. Their frozen section is full of organic and all natural selections. Their beer selection is THE BEST, and they have a decent wine selection with really good deals.Their prices are better than all other natural grocery stores, and even better than some big name stores. I love this place!
5	So I must comment on the great service that I received from one of the Sunflower Market managers, Tony, a couple weeks ago.  I was overcharged for a couple of items.  I understand that it can happen but I didn't realize it until I was almost home and my daughter (a 2yo) needed to go potty so I couldn't just turn around.  I called and explained my situation.  The gentleman on the phone (maybe Nick?) was kind and understanding.  He said I could come see Tony the next day.  I went back and met with Tony.  The store was very busy and needed him but he was prompt, kind and courteous to me and my situation.  He was able to reverse the charges for me no problem.  Although I wasn't a regular customer before that situation, because of the great customer service, I have been back TWICE.
5	Love this store. A great place to to just wander after the gym. I always find something new to try. Get your health kick on!!
4	Sunflower is my favorite grocery store, despite its pricey side. I always find great produce here, and the Boar's Head deli stock is an incentive to skip cooking, go directly to sandwich, and they feed my raging kombucha addiction.Side note: they have a generous gluten-free selection. My rm has been gluten-free for years, it's nice to have a place where we can both grab groceries without having to make special trips.
5	My husband and I recently switched to a plant based diet and this place has made it possible!  I love how they organize the store and make it so convenient to find the foods that suit you.  I love the spice counter, veggie selection, vegan options, non-dairy selection is great, and they have their bars organized by vegan, gluten free, they have vegan chocolate bars that are delicious, and the staff is knowledgeable.  I could shop here daily, in fact some weeks I do. :-)
3	Ok, so this is a Sprouts now. Boring.The layout of the store is pretty much the same as when it was Sunflower. I would like this Sprouts more, if it was like an actual Sprouts. Instead it's just a weird transitiony in between "Sproutsflower". That's what I'm calling it, until they figure it out. Atleast they still have the soup bar.
