3	Alright, I hope I don't offend anyone, but this place is polyester pants city come Sunday morning. You WILL be waiting for a table on Sunday morning if you come here... but then again, a lot of places have the same thing. This one might be hot-n-heavy because of Cornerstone Church down the street?Anyways, I've stopped by here after work (I work night shift) and had some breakfast. Service was nice, quick, and easy. The servers didn't come by too often, which I sometimes hate at other places (Just let me eat, yo!).I am a bit partial to Ihop, though, but really you can't go too wrong here.
4	2/2 on going here when hungover... lol but its nice there.. no loud people because they have all yelled their lives away.... Food is pretty quick and good.. I got bananas in my pancakes and they actually make it in them and I did not know it until about half way thru.. good service tho.
2	Hit & miss.   Today was a miss. Eggs and bacon both under cooked. Pecan pie was runny and glopy.
2	Went for the country sausage potato pancakes. Seemed to have forgotten to put eggs on it. Something just didn't taste right.  My other ordered VIB.  Took awhile.  They only had one cook in the kitchen.  VIB was done and then the pancakes came out. At least they where hot. :).
3	Service is great, however the meals are not always consistent. My mother is the fan!
4	When you want a nice cheap fast breakfast on a Sunday night, this is the place to go. Always decent service, and the food is always great. It is clean, and I like that they have a TV on one side.
2	Service was O.K there was only about 5 people there and it took quite awhile to get our orders and drinks. The tables were extremely sticky and still had food on them. Don't ever go unless you are getting breakfast or a pie because the food is not consistent, sometimes it is burnt and others it is under cooked.
1	would give it 0 stars  if I could. this place is gross. I went there the first time and got there mashed potatoes, the tasted like instant mashed potatoes, I took one bite and lost my appetite. so today I decided to try it again because everything deserves a second chance I believe, so I went in there today and got the biscuits & gravy, I took a bite and it literally tasted like I was eating a bag full of salt. it was horrible. I use to think Denny's was bad but now Denny's is like Olive Garden compared to this place. don't waste your money just go to Denny's
4	They were very, very nice and helpful, the place looks nice and comfy, food was good and customer service was good too - besides the fact that they don't have a gluten free menu (which is understandable), and the waiter told me to - read the menu - when I asked for his suggestion on a gluten free dish that's often ordered (I can read, genius, thanks).
