4	Great place to get a haircut.... if you are a guy.  The stylists are friendly and professional. I like the concept too except thy do handicap themselves by virtually eliminating 50% of customers. But its nice to come in get your haircut and get out... without getting stuck behind a lady getting color or some long involved hair cut.I recommend the triple play if you got some extra dough to spend. You get your normal haircut, then a hot steam towel to your face while getting a shampoo massage. Basically really relaxing and great on the face and scalp.Overall this place never gets too busy so the wait is never long. They keep their stations clean after every haircut... did I mention ESPN constantly running all over the place. The stylists are also pretty knowledgeable in sports as well.
4	Two words:  MAN SPA!  At least for me, anyway!  I stopped in at the last minute before a trip to see mom (and you know how they can get with wrinkled cloths and haircuts!), and was delighted to find no line.  The stylist on duty took me back to her chair, and let me know what my menu options were.  I was surprised to see that there were more than just one option for services!  And all this time, I thought a haircut was a haircut!  Since it was my "first time", I got the MVP package upgrade on the house.  This included a cut, shampoo, style, and shoulder rub.  The stylist was quite pleasant, and we had a great conversation over the course of the cut.  And, the cut was awesome.  Probably one of the top 5 haircuts of my life!Each stylist's chair has its own TV tuned to sports, and the decor is locker room-meets-barbershop!  Overall, it's a great 20 minute getaway from the regular work/school/life grind.  And, your mom won't nag at you to get a haircut!
1	Awesome place if you like your hair looking like you are 8 years old. Disappointing.
5	I decided to try Sports Clips this week as I am tired of receiving mediocre haircuts for $35 or more. I am now a big fan. Ashley did a great job on my hair and I am very happy with the result. On top of that she is actually happy to be working here and her positive attitude carriers over into her customer's experience. If you are tired of over paying for your haircut give this place a try.
5	Everytime I go to this SportClips, every barber there makes an effort to chat me up and be as friendly as possible.  They all seem genuinely interested in talking with me, and usually when I go back, they remember me.  Its kind of rare to find that in places today, especially larger chains like SportClips.I actually pass 3 or 4 other haircut places on my way to this particular SportClips.  They are awesome!
