5	What an unexpected surprise.  Vallozzi's Pgh just opened up and is beautiful.  Stonework around the entry ways, wood on the ceiling in the bar, darker and quieter with a big mural on the wall in the dining area.Was walking by and looking for a lunch spot.  There it was.   Sat in the bar and watched some of the NCAA basketball on the TV's.Probably a little more expensive for lunch than an everyday place but some items are really reasonably priced.How can you go wrong with the gnocchi.  Grandma Vallozzi's recipe is perfect. The gnoochi was tender and perfectly cooked with some pesto, aged balsamic, fresh cooked cherry tomato halves. and a big dollop or ricotta.  The menu has Grandma V's ravioli too!  There are soups, salads, Sandwiches, Vallozzi Pizza and some entree's.  The bar has a fresh mozzarella bar too!.If you are looking for top quality, good tasting Italian, Vallozzi's has it.
2	The decor is absolutely gorgeous - the space is huge and very well-decorated. It would be a great place to have an event or party....except for the food. The appetizers were good. I had a polenta with sausage, onions, and fried egg. It was a great combination, if mushy.  For dinner I had what was allegedly bucatini amatriciana.  I love Italian food, and I know that bucatini amatriciana should be made with, for starters, bucatini.  This was made with spaghetti.  If there was guanciale or pancetta in it, I couldn't find it.  Lesley's mafalda with vodka sauce tasted, as she put it, exactly like a Lean Cuisine.   I agree with another reviewer who said that this restaurant is *way* overpriced for the quality of the food I just described. As for the positives, the wine list is pretty extensive and there are a good number of reasonably priced options. The service was good, if overly attentive (which is better than underly, if that's a word, attentive).  This is a new restaurant and I believe it takes time to iron out kinks, but t seems that much more attention has been put into how this place looks than how the food actually tastes.
2	My parents came into town the night before I was to move out of Pittsburgh. Since they were staying at the fairmont, we didn't want to stray too far from Downtown. We all agreed that italian food was what we were craving and after googling the menu, Vallozzi's seemed perfect. First of all, make a reservation. Otherwise you will get the pretentious once-over and will be pointed, (yes, pointed) towards the "lounge" to...seat yourself. Call me crazy, but a place that offers the exact same menu (and pricing!) in two separate dining areas should never be 'seat yourself'. That threw me off. So, as we settled into our backless benches in the beautifully decorated self seating area, we took a look at the menu and waited for our waitress.Strike two. The waitress came over, a dark haired girl who I regrettably did not get the name of, and it was all downhill from there. My dad asked what beers they might have on draft. This is a perfectly normal question, in my opinion. They had, what appeared to be, a full service bar. Not like we could see it entirely as they had higher seating filled between our bench seats and said bar. Anyway, she replied, "I don't have drafts." Okay...are we going to offer an alternative here? No? Alrighty then. So my dad names a random bottle and she says, as snooty as possible (yes, I used the word 'snooty'), "Sir, I don't *have* that on bottle." Oh! Okay! So.......oh, we're still playing the no alternatives game. My father, getting flustered with her lack of customer service skills, "Alright, well can you tell me what you might have since you don't have a beer list?" After listening to her blatantly rushed tone, he just picked the second thing she said. My mom orders. She comes to me and I say, "I'm going to look at the drink menu a bit more and order when you come back so water for now, please." Ladies and gents, I did not ever get that mixed drink. The two times she came back to bring my parent's drinks, I tried to speak and she walked away. Alright, I'll take this delicious water. Thanks!And so we come to strike three. Because the menu is somewhat vast, (which is great! I loved that they gave us options!) my mother asked the waitress what is popular on the menu. The waitress replies, "We don't really have anything particularly popular. Everything is great." .....WHAT?! Now, while I've never personally served, I do have many friends in the industry. When someone asks you 'should I get this vs. this', you should probably have an answer. Or you maybe should know what a popular item is on your menu. Like I said, I have many friends in the service industry so I make sure to always be as courteous as possible and tip well. I couldn't hold my tongue anymore. As she was rambling off something unintelligible to my mom, I scoffed, shook my head, and looked at my father, "How can you be a waitress somewhere and not know what a popular seller is on your menu?" Needless to say, the rest of our meal she was very fake nice, we probably had a hocker in our pasta, and I had to physically stop myself from being polite to her. Also, my parents always tip 25%+ and I can confirm that this lady got a tip that matched her sour attitude. Maybe she was having an off night, maybe she had too many tables and was overwhelmed. Not my problem and I'm bummed my parents and I had to experience it.And after all this angry, waste of my time rambling, I do also have to confirm that portions were disappointing and the taste was just, 'so, what?'
5	In town to visit with family (Unlike one star Liliana R who was going to the Opera with Mommy, see other reviews for explanation) and have always enjoyed Vallozzi's in Greensburg so we thought we would give the new one a try. And we were far from disappointed. Started with the fresh mozzarella bar that was a meal in itself. Highest quality of meats and cheeses made the appetizer a great  beginning to a great meal. I followed it up with large portion of Veal Osso Bucco with creamy risotto. The creamy flavor from the risotto with the gravy from the veal was unbelievable. They gave me a steak knife with the meal for what reason I don't know because the meat just feel off the bone and melted in your mouth. My wife had two large crab cakes. Coming from around the Baltimore area my wife has had some great crab cakes. She was surprised when she had these cakes because the amount of crab and the taste was beyond her expectation. All in all the meal was one of the best I have had in a long time. The meal was well worth the price. I hope that Liliana R. and Mommy enjoyed the Opera because they missed out on a great place to eat.
4	I have been here before and enjoyed it, but today's unexpected lunch option blew me away.  The decor is lovely and the ambiance very nice for a downtown swanky restaurant.  What's weird - in a very good way - is the music.  You would expect this place to have pretentious classic or jazz playing, but instead you are treated to some fantastic mix that sounds like something from WYEP.  Lovely surprise. When I walked in, I was given the drink menu which struck me as a bit odd for lunch.  While I am all for drunken afternoons, I feel that my company would have a bit of a problem with it - as would most companies within walking distance.  But I was also handed a strange 4 course menu.  This was awesome.  It was broken into 4 courses which are served on the same plate as a healthy and nutritious 4 course meal.  Tons of choices, but for today, I picked:1. Arugula with goat cheese and brambleberries (read blackberries, raspberries and blueberries) - There was no dressing which at first struck me as odd, but as I stabbed through some arugula, berries and goat cheese all in one bite, I realized that it didn't need any.  Perfect combination. 2. Braised escarole with beans and pancetta - A bit salty for the pancetta, but you expect that with this combination.  It was a bit mushier than I have had other places (which might be their "thing"... see below), but the flavor was pretty out of this world.3. Scallops with peach salsa - Just awesome.  The salsa was both sweet and spicy and the scallops were seared perfectly. 4. Polenta with fennel sausage and peppers - By far the most disappointing of the quadrants.  The polenta was too mushy for my tastes and there was not nearly enough sausage.I will definitely be back to pick 4 more choices.  Oh and this was all for $14.  Maybe more than a regular lunch, but with these high end choices, well worth the money.
2	Started out and ended well but the main courses were very disappointing.  I had the suckling pig papardelle, the noodles tasted like they had a very greasy chicken stock poured over them and the suckling pig was a small amount of pulled pork.   We also had the seafood risotto...very bland and the seafood and risotto were overcooked and dry.  With that said, I would go back for the meat and cheese again, as well as the bread pudding...but never again for dinner.  I had heard from friends that the dinner wasn't impressive but wanted to make my own judgements...sorry I didn't listen to them.
2	I feel badly about the two star review. Really, I do. I wanted to like this place. Really. We were seated at 710 PM. It wasn't until 730 that we were even greeted by our server. I don't blame this on her- but rather on the overall disorganization of the place. The drinks took forever, the first time and each subsequent order. Our appetizer was delicious- buffalo mozzarella with two Italian meats. 5 stars!  Our entrees were, overall, pretty good. I had the fried chicken with gnocchi. The others I dined with enjoyed their meals as well. My major disappointment was the menu- only five pasta options at an Italian restaurant.  My advice: leave the steak to Capital Grille and make great pasta dishes.
4	Great atmosphere and menu. Pricey... but a great choice if you are looking for something different.  Definitely check out the charcuterie by the bar. I ate at least my own weight in prosciutto and buffala mozzarella.
3	All in all, for me, the food wasn't worth the money.   It's a beautiful restaurant with a great bar area and beautiful dining room.   The lighting, the stone work, the paints, etc., all make for a beautiful and comfortable atmosphere.   The food is very good.  The service started out well but then fell off a bit as the restaurant got more crowded during the lunch hour.  I really enjoyed that they served fresh ricotta with the bread rather than just butter or even oil.   For lunch, I opted for the angel hair pasta with shrimp, artichokes, tomatoes, basil and garlic in a white, wine lemon sauce minus the shrimp.  In any restaurant, I always wish when you opt for no meat or seafood on the dish, that they will adjust the price but alas they did not nor did they offer to substitute anything.   The pasta was tasty (maybe a little too much oil in the sauce) and the artichokes in there were delicious! The only thing is I just didn't think it was worth 15.95 for the lunch portion.
1	Tiny portions of good food not worth the price they charge.While the restaurant is indeed appointed nicely, I ordered take out for lunch today and I can't help but feel completely ripped off and still hungry.No included bread, salad, or otherwise with a $20 lunch entree? And no silverware, no napkins --- at least McDonald's gives you that much. How about a side dish? Potatoes? Steak fries? SOMETHING?I had the Veal Milanese served with arugula. Yes, it was good.  If there was twice as much veal, they would have scored higher --- but there wasn't.While the score should be closer to 1.5, I'm rounding down because I now have to go find a vending machine in a couple minutes.They should be ashamed of themselves.
1	Vallozzi's, while offering a pleasant environment and good wines falls short where it counts most, on their food. Out of 3 dishes ordered, only the carbonara was decent, not amazing, but passable. The other two dishes were not liked at all.  Two specialty martinis were far too sweet. The prosciutto tasting was good, but could have benefited from an accompaniment. The fried zucchini was tasty, but a little too heavily battered for our taste.  We dine out extensively and live in town, so we know the market. Vallozi's is charging too much for mediocre food. The very good Sienna a half block away offers much better food at much more reasonable prices. To justify the lofty prices Vallaozzi's is charging, the food needs to be taken up in quality quite a bit. It's a shame because the interior is lovely. I'll be at Dish or Sienna the next time I crave Italian food.
3	We went for dinner and would say that we had mixed feelings about this restaurant. It is definitely a great space which is decorated beautifully. Our waiter was a bit curt, and I have to say that I agree with the other reviews on here, that he was definitely trying to get us to spend more money than we wanted to. The way that he described the salads that they offered was also confusing. We thought we would be receiving  a house salad with our meal when we decided not to go with the pricey parma or caesar salads that were being pushed upon us. Though we never received a salad and when we informed him that we were disappointed, and found his earlier explanation to be a bit confusing and misleading, he acted as if our assumptions were unfounded. I order some coffee before dinner, since the delicious aroma from it was wafting through the restaurant. A french press was brought to the table and poured for me, but my cup was filled with coffee grounds. When we told the waiter, he seemed annoyed and said that he would bring another, but because of the french press, it would probably happen again. The second cup only had a couple floating around, which was reasonable, and the coffee was bold and delicious. We ordered the arancini for an appetizer, and it was quite good, though we would have preferred it to be hot instead of just luke warm. After hearing from a couple of people, including one of our dinner companions, that the lobster raviolis were delicious, we decided to try them for dinner.  While they were good, we didn't feel that they lived up to their expectations. The brown butter sauce they came in was unfortunately a bit watered down. We told our waiter and he again seemed annoyed, though when we left the restaurant, we did tell the manager, and he seemed genuinely concerned. We had the bread pudding for dessert and it was out of this world! One of the best desserts that I have had in a long while. It was warm and moist and the caramel sauce is heavenly. I would go back to this restaurant just for this dessert! I think we will try this restaurant again in the future, and if it disappoints again, then at least we will know that we will have a phenomenal dessert to end the meal with!
2	Like most reviewers have said, its overpriced.  The food is good, but not good enough to justify a $60 bill for one glass of wine and "good" crab cakes.  And there are no frills - no bread for the table, no sides, nada...so if I'm going to pay that much for a meal I better get more than 2 crab cakes and a glass of wine.  I was disappointed and I feel like I could spend less than that and get a fantastic meal at a place like Eleven.  Also the service left much to be desired during our trip there.  Earlier that day, I had made reservations online but I had somehow messed up the online reservation, but called the restaurant immediately after realizing my mistake to let them know the glitch with the online reservation.  The gentleman I spoke with said he would take care of it and there would be no problem and my reservation would be changed to reflect the day/time we wanted. Fast forward 6 hours and the hostess was completely clueless and said that we didn't have a reservation for us.  I explained the situation from earlier that day but I was met with 3 hostess people looking at each other and the computer screen of reservations with confusion.  They talked it over and said that they would get us a table shortly...now I'm not sure what "shortly" means to most people, but my expectation was 5-10 minutes.  Fast forward 25 minutes later, with no updates from them during this time, it was my friend and I who were pestering them with what was going on.  We would have been find if they told us that sorry but we are unable to accommodate you, rather than having us wait in their lobby area for nearly 30 minutes!All in all - sub par experience and I doubt I'd go back.
5	I wish I could move this restaurant back to Michigan.  I loved it.  Food, wine, service,  atmosphere - all terrific.   Not to mention conveniently close to our hotel.   We were in town for the Frozen Four hockey tournament.  This was the "Yale" bar for the tournament, but wasn't filled with Yale fans and we happened in relatively late on a Thursday night after the first day of games.   They had a special menu for the tournament, and we ordered a variation of a Caprese salad and a pizza from that menu - absolutely wonderful.  Thin crust pizza and we ordered it with sausage and the sausage was really, really nice.   Good wine selection  and a full bar as well - exactly what I wanted.  We were back two days later  for dinner and ordered pasta - so yummy.  No, it wasn't inexpensive, but considering the quality of the food and experience, it was fairly priced.
4	Much better than the Greensburg location!  Well to be fair, I haven't eaten there in many years but I really like this place.Food choices on the lunch menu were unique combinations that tasted great.  I for example had salmon with squash and risotto.Instead of normal bread and butter you get three kinds of bread and ricotta cheese drizzled with olive oil and herbs...a nice touch.There was also a fresh mozzarella bar but did not have a chance to check that out since I was out to lunch with vendors the day I ate here.
2	Lovely decor. For the price, the quality of the food wasn't as expected. Not many options for meat eaters. Plenty of options of seafood and pasta. Special was incorrectly described... Waiter indicated sea scallops but served bay scallops. When asked he flippantly responded it was the chefs fault.  Overall food was not anything special.
2	Terribly overpriced. SLOW SLOW SLOW service. Food very average for the price. Difficult for handicapped patrons. Very very small portions for a high price.
3	The first time I visited, I had an AWFUL lobster roll.  I love lobster rolls so much, so you can imagine how much I was disappointed.  I vowed to never return.  However, a decent amount of my co-workers insisted it was one of their favorite lunch spots.  After months and months of resistance, I finally went back.  I got the choose 4 option for lunch, which was pretty cool.  I love to try different things, so I feel like this was a great option.  Prosciutto wrapped melon, mushroom mac and cheese, Brussels, and grilled salmon.  All were good.  I saved the salmon for last.  It was my least favorite because of the completely different flavor profile it had from the other dishes.  It was packed with Asian flavors, and it sort of shocked my taste buds.  The tastes being so profoundly different than the rest of my meal really threw me off.  I definitely wasn't expecting that flavor profile to be in any dish at an Italian restaurant.  I'm sure it will be some time before I return, but after round 2, Vallozzi's somewhat redeemed itself.  Just take my advice and STAY AWAY from the lobster roll.
2	It isn't that the food wasn't tasty or the service wasn't good, I just expected more.We went for dinner early on a Wednesday evening.  When we went to the hostess, we were given attitude that we didn't have a reservation.  It almost felt like the look she gave us was to shame us for thinking we could get into their establishment without a reservation.  They did have available seating in the lounge area, so we took a seat and were promptly greeted with a meal, drink and pizza menu.  I was underwhelmed with the options.  I felt like they were trying too hard to be trendy and "Top Chef" like in their entree choices.  The menu lacked basic Italian staples like spaghetti parm or simple pasta dishes. I ordered the cabonara and it was tasty (and the portion large) but it was not a true version of the dish.  My husband had the lasagna and rather than it being typical lasagna stuffed with either meat or cheese, it had a variety of fillings including butternut squash.  Everyone enjoyed the flavor of their entrees, but did feel that they were overpriced.  I like the concept that aside from the dinner menu there is also a fresh mozzarella bar and a charcuterie, but overall, I think the experience is not worth the prices you pay.
1	Stay away, made reservations, but seating was changed when we arrived. A party of 6 and all had poor meals. Sent a letter to management and never heard back.
3	A great italian restaurant. I would not go here for pasta though because it tends to be  on the dry flavorless side. Stick to the steak and the chops. I was going to try the Osso bucco but not for $43.00 with no starter. I enjoyed my strip steak and truffle oil fries. The risotto balls were a great starter. Avoid the baked pasta dishes.
5	Beautifully decorated and more importantly so tasty. Meats and cheeses from the charcuterie is the best way to start. From there you can't go wrong, I have been back several times and tried something different each time, always high quality and delicious. The chefs specials are always unique and amazing if you can't decide from the menu. Homemade raviolis yummmmm..
1	I had invited colleagues of mine to dine at Vallozzi's. The food was just ok and probably on the expensive side regarding its taste. The service was extremely slow.. What actually makes me write this review is neither of the previous facts.. What happened is that my wife forgot her hat at the table when we left. After a couple of days we called them and after calling back and forth they told us that they found the hat. When we went to the restaurant to pick the hat, the manager said that the hat was not there. I asked him what happened and why they told us to come and pick it up. His response was that the hat was there a couple of days before and they had kept it for us but all of a sudden they lost it! The most annoying thing was that nobody apologized for this inconvenience but they were also rude. They just said "we can not do anything about it; we cannot find your hat now". This is the first time that such a thing happens in a restaurant.. Unfortunately I do not recommend this place..
1	Let's just say if you have tickets to a show you better allow yourself a good 2.5 hours to eat and enjoy your meal because reservations at 6:15pm to be sure we made an 8 pm show was not enough time.  The night started out great.  We arrive ( 4 in our party) at 6:15pm and were immediately seated at a nice table in the back.  (Bonus) The atmosphere was very nice.  (Bonus) Our waiter Chris was nice enough (and I do not blame him for what happened).  He took our order after a respectable 5 or 10 minutes.  We informed him of our 8pm show time and he assured us that we will have plenty of time.  We ordered the turtle soup, some kind of risotto balls, salads, and our main dishes.  Around 7:15pm we asked what the status was on our appetizers as we had not yet received any.  Shortly after, our soups, salads, risotto balls all came out at the same time.  The turtle bisque was pretty good as was the caesar salad.  I thought it unusual that everything would come out together but whatever.  7:35pm we were waiting for our entrees and reminded Chris about our 8pm show.  7:40pm our entrees arrived.  We asked for the check immediately and scarfed down our entrees.  Which were just ok.  The Bird asked to see the Manager about the delay and stated that if 6:15pm was not enough time for us to have dinner there and catch an 8pm show they should have just told us when we made the reservations.  He only said that they do not make excuses and that the bottle of wine was on the house. (A nice gesture I give them that).  No one in our party had time to finish their entrees and were all "bloated" from wolfing it down.  Plus we never did receive our check.  The manager eventually brought it over and of course it was not divided as we requested when our orders were taken so hence more delay.  Funny thing is, I did read theses reviews (the majority being negative ) and my buddy was even advised not to try Vallozzi's by a friend who happens to own a restaurant in the south hills but I had to try it myself.  I think we all learned the hard way tonight.  As far as the food goes, like I said nothing special and in fact I am still feeling a little ill some 4 hours later.  Vallozzi's, please if you need over 2 hours to prepare a meal that is quite alright, but don't tell your customers differently.  (We ran into another couple at the show who were also late due to their dining at Vallozzi's ).  Such a nice place but we will never go there again.  Sorry.
3	Although the pasta was fresh and tasty the service was slow..maybe they were making the pasta and stuffing raviolis after I ordered. I guess I should've read the reviews first. I really enjoyed my meal, the porchini mushrooms with braised ribs and kayle was very nice, the wine was okay and I could see it was not the waiters fault. Many tables around me seem to have the same slow service. Seems to me the kitchen is what makes things slow. All in all I give the food a thumbs-up but the service and price a big thumbs down. I'm sure there are many other nice places in Pitt you can spend that type of money for a meal.
3	I want to love Vallozzi's.  I want to love it so much that I took my mumsie to Valozzi's for the most important day of the year - Mother's Day.  I couldn't BELIEVE the price - $25 for a 2-course brunch + drink at a swanky joint like that?! Sign.me.up.  Unfortunately, you get what you pay for.  Between the two of us we sampled a variety of dishes from the attractive menu, and added a basket of biscuits to complement the meal. The apps and entrees were unremarkable and the biscuits were just plain overdone. I will say that the service was lovely and the atmosphere delightful.  The bloody mary bar was incredible and almost worth the price of admission itself.  I'm hoping it was just an off day, because I do think that between the venue and the service, Vallozzi's has a lot of potential.
4	Great Italian food and Italian wine list. Tried this place for dinner after a day of conference meetings and had a great time. Service was excellent and food hit the mark.
5	It doesn't have hilltop castle walls or piazzas out its front door, but stepping into this old world Itslian experience transports you to Assisi without the jet lag. Our favorite has us sitting around the marble mozzarella bar, ordering several appetizers, and watching Wes make his magic  assembling the Parma plate of different Italian cured hams, or the Burrata tasting, or varied types of mozzarellas. Homemade breads with a flavored ricotta and a little extra virgin olive oil, and our favorite Barolo makes for the perfect pre-show respite. If only Bocelli was in town. The entrees are authentic and the staff is professional, especially Melissa, the Bar manager. Great Escape in downtown Pittsburgh, or should we say, our Assisi. Ciao.
3	After unexpectedly ending up Downtown on a Wednesday night and not being able to get a table at Butcher and the Rye, my husband and I decided to try Vallozzi's for dinner.  On a few previous occasions, I had appetizers and wine in the bar area during happy hour with friends.  The bar service was always good, the wine delicious, and the apps tasty, but I had never actually eaten in the dining area.After my dining experience last night, I think I'll only be returning for drinks in the future. Let me first say that the service was probably the best part of the meal.  Our waiter was polite, amiable, and very attentive.  I didn't have to flag him down once, although he was taking care of several tables around us.  The food, on the other hand, was a different story.  Dinner started out well, as I ordered the shishito peppers and was in heaven.  They were perfectly cooked and appropriately salted/oiled.  For my meal I had butternut squash soup, which was so sweet that I couldn't finish the small bowl.  I also shared brussels sprouts with my husband and was pretty disappointed by the amount of oil and butter in the dish. (I didn't even realize that sprouts could taste unhealthy until I had these!) My husband had the pork chop (which was fried) and he was generally happy with his selection.Overall, our experience was okay, but I certainly won't be rushing back anytime soon.
