3	The Drugstore is located at the casino level of the Wynn and open 24 hours.  It has the usual variety of items you forgot to pack for your trip, as well as a wide selection of boutique bath and body products, candles, souvenirs, AND (listen up) a cafe that serves espresso and coffee drinks, breakfast pastries, desserts, sandwiches, soups and salads.The $9.95 half-sandwich and soup deal goes on the "value" list.  The flank steak roll-up with kalbi dipping sauce was a great light meal, although the chicken noodle soup had that extra-special salty punch a la Corsa next door.  5 stars for the Jones Organic Red Tea -- Tropical, which came in a bottle and was highly refreshing.  I'm hoping the organic cane sugar will counteract the need for high blood pressure meds.  Just kidding.
3	This place was okay.  The vegetable avocado wrap was pretty much all i could order.  Unfortunately, i only ate 1/2 and threw out the rest.  Again, it was 4am and we just got out of the club, Tryst, so I would actually consider trying this again and seeing their other options.
4	What craziness it was trying to grab a bite to eat with only an hour and a half to spare. We were wanting to eat before going to Mystere and the wait for the Wynn buffet was 4 hours and even their cafe had a 45 minute wait. So we decided to grab something from this self serve cafe just so we don't pass out before the show.We got a salmon and bagel platter -- you can choose between several types of bagels: multigrain, plain, cinnamon etc -- a tomato and mozarella salad and a ham and provolone sandwich. Our total was around $35. Okay so it wasn't cheap considering what we got, however, the bagel was toasted and the 3 slices of salmon were pretty big, plus it came with a few caperberries and a tub of cream cheese. I was a little surprised as the salmon looked small but it was all rolled up and when you unroll them, they were big.The salad was okay, didn't impress me much and while the ham and provolone tasted fine, the bread was cold. If it had also been toasted, that sandwich would've been awesome.Service was fast, but when there are a lot of people, it can be a bitch trying to find a place to sit. For a fast food type of establishment, the food was great, but then, would you expect anything less from Wynn?
4	I had the most wonderful, beautiful french macaroons here after the Spamalot show. And they're all made in house, well of course, this is in the Wynn after all. We tried the chocolate and the pistachio. I wish I bought more because I know how time consuming they are to make, and if you have a temperamental oven, forget about it. Unfortunately they don't travel well, and if you travel with me and my hubby, I'd have to say they'd never reach their destination as we'd eat them all. I can't say much about the savory food here, but as far as the sweets are concerned, so many of them to choose from, I'm sold. Also, it's truly a quaint little cafe set up with a "drugstore" next door, basically selling your usual gargantuan hotel goods...anti static spray anyone?
3	Two non-fat vanilla lattes and one chocolate croissant = $17.00.  Ouch.  No wonder there are no coffee makers in the rooms.  In her defense, the lattes were really good and the croissant was fresh and flaky.  BTW, there's a Starbucks (two, actually) across the street at the Fashion Mall.
4	Yes, the Wynn is expensive. If you're going to eat in any of the cafes and restaurants here you just have to accept it. And if you're exhausted from a night of gambling you probably won't have the energy to wander very far for a bite to eat in the morning. But that being said, I felt like I *almost* got my money's worth with the veggie breakfast bagel. It was huge! There must have been around 4 egg whites in there. It was a tad bland since it was basically poached egg whites with a bit of spinach, but it was fine with a touch of salt, and totally filling. They also have a sausage or bacon breakfast bagel if you're so inclined. At $8ish it was a good deal for a simple, quick breakfast compared to the Terrace Pointe Cafe which had more elaborate breakfast choices for double the price. If you can wait until 10 am, Sugar & Ice (towards the end of the shopping esplanade) also has some cheaper breakfast options, though I didn't have the chance to try any of them.
1	Even after long nights with my buddy Patron Silver did Cafe at the Drugstore suck big time. The lines were so long (at least 20 minutes) and the service was so slow. No sense of urgency on the staff and no efficiency.So FINALLY I get my food and it sucked! First night I got a breakfast bagel - the bagel was chewy, the egg dry and the bacon semi-raw. The second night I get a pepperoni panini or quesadilla - they called it a panini but it looked like a quesadilla. The dough raw and sweet, the pepperoni was almost raw and non-existent, and the pizza sauce served with it was cold. Each of the above set me back over $10.The Wynn needs another 24-hour place that is open when it is crowded. One would think that Mr Wynn would have thought of that. Also a place with table service should be an option.I DO NOT UNDERSTAND why the Wynn has high ratings.
5	I really love this cafe. Yes, it's expensive, but come on. It's Vegas, what do  do you expect? I came to the cafe after a late night showing of Le Reve. I was looking for a place to get a quick meal before heading upstairs to the room. I decided to get a turkey sandwich and the fondue platter thing:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Do4n_yK_K6DmR9_Es5qwlA?select=B1QFcByJi2lpQGAGsdv5HAThe sandwich was really good. The bread was really fresh. I liked it so much that I brought another one for the plane ride home. The fondue thing was cute. It tasted okay.
4	probably the most affordable out of all the overpriced(although common on-the-strip) restaurants at Wynn and Encore. Chowder Bread- it's a cafe so don't expect much. not bad but can be 2 star better.berry parfait- had this as a snack and supper for the next 3 days. granola wasn't that crunchy but everything still tasted perfect. this is the first time i had it and definitely is my 1 out of 1,000,000 tries.
4	This place is great for breakfast. I love getting a bagel/egg sandwich to split with the hubby before going poolside to recover from the night before. the place itself is more overpriced than most, but is great for a quick bite. They also have a nice cheese plate. Coffee is too overpriced, but if you're staying in the hotel, what can you do?
2	This is the only "affordable" and non-sit down place to eat at the Wynn which frustrated the hell out of me since this place didn't meet my high expectations of what should be in the Wynn. The first meal I had here was the ham and cheese panini which they served to me cold in the middle; the cheese wasn't even melted. When I took it back they reheated it and it was STILL cold in the middle. I just gave up after that because it was 3:00AM, I was partially drunk/hunover and just couldn't care enough to make a stink.I had breakfast and snacks here throughout my stay and I'd have to say my favorite things to eat here were the steel cut oatmeal and bran muffin. Pastries here were pretty decent.  All the other stuff was just not worth the inflated Vegas prices.
3	Enjoyed the massive size macaron. However, they got rid of their aged cheese plate (which was great to take up to the room to enjoy with a nice bottle before heading out) and replaced it with a poorly made, lacking in freshness meat and cheese plate. Mediocre cheese and meat. Weird oversized olives. Four or so crackers on the side. Boooooo!
4	Ok I was turned off when a breakfast bagel and coffee ran me 13 bucks, but boy the bagel was fresh and made well. Great ambience too and a good spot to hang out and watch people into the casino. Definitely a good place for an evening coffee or a morning bagel.
3	I stay at the wynn every year for work and we usually come here to get our morning coffee. The prices are crazy, its about $8 for my double soy latte with honey on the bottom, and its 2.90 for a single banana, the pastries are great but they are also pricey. Out of all the breakfast bagels I liked the Salmon one best, although I've never had the regular one because I dont eat sausage or bacon, and the veggie one is bland and sorta gross if you finish the whole thing. The only thing I get on the regular is tuna sandwich on croissant. I actually really like their croissants, they are huge and fluffy, but crispy.Even though it's expensive, I guess it's still better then sitting down somewhere, it's a sorta quick, the mornings have huge lines, but sometimes you just want something quick! and in vegas you pay for it.
2	Do NOT get the cupcakes!  They were dry and disgusting. Even the frosting was a complete failure.  How do you screw up a cupcake this bad?  How?  The blended coffee drinks were ok, and the only other redeeming quality of this place is that it's open 24 hours.  So when it's 4 am and you're desperate for a snack, this place is a step up from the vending machine.
3	The boy and I had just decided to take that final step and make a real commitment in the form of a marriage license in the city that sealed the fate of our relationship 8 months before. It was less than 2 weeks until I'd go back to Jakarta and break the news to my relatively conservative social figure of an Asian Dad that I was ready to plan a wedding - to this "poor fresh-out-of-college American boy" he never met. We weren't drunk.I was suddenly famished.When you're staying at the Wynn, there aren't too many options for casual dining at that time of night on a weekday (besides room service). We decided to venture downstairs to look for food. and the first thing we found was The Cafe at the Drugstore.We bought lattes, a tortilla soup, and a forgettable pastry. The tortilla soup was (the only thing that was) pretty good, the lattes weak, and the pastry meh. Overall, with standards adjusted for late-night dining, it was A-OK.If we ever get hungry again in the middle of the night while staying at the Wynn, we'll probably stick to room service.
3	Arrived to the Wynn pretty late at night, I was tired and wanted something quick to eat so, I checked out The Cafe.They offered some great sandwiches, salads and desserts.  I orderd their Chicken Portabella sandwich.  I was a little put off that the sandwich was not made fresh, rather it was refrigerated, popped in an oven and served to you.  For $11.00 I would've expected a little more freshness.  But, I spread some of the Garlic Aioili it was served with, took a bite into it and it was very delish.  Add a bottle of Coke for $4.00 (ouch!) and I was good for the night.The Cafe gets pretty busy in the morning for those that need that caffeine fix so, early bird gets the worm.  (IMO, take a morning stroll and walk over to Starbucks across the street at Fashion Show Mall.)
4	Whenever I'm going to Tryst or XS and I'm waiting to meet up with friends in front or near the club, the security guards are always yelling "You can't stand here.  You have to keep it moving."  I know they're just doing their job but I'm waiting for people, damn it!  This is where The Cafe comes in handy.  Lots of little tables you can sit at while waiting.  But don't just go in there and take up a table.  Order an eye opening cup of coffee or have a yummy pastry.  A little expensive but it is The Wynn, so that's what to expect.  Cup of coffee was $3.50.  Pre-packaged cheese danish was $2.00.  Some of the food on the menu sounded good.  I'd like to try it next time.
2	Loved my suite at the Encore, did not love my meal at the Cafe.  I ordered a chicken portobello sandwich, fruit cup and a passion tea lemonade for 24$.  I found the sandwich very boring and bland. The chicken was dry and tasteless even with the mayo slathered all over it.  The fruit cup was typical.  The passion fruit tea lemonade was not bad but I like the Starbuck's version better.  Definitely not worth the price I paid. I definitely would go elsewhere.  Maybe try Society if looking for another cafe in the same hotel.
3	My sisters and I were so hungry, we had to grab something quick before the show. We ended up ordering the chicken sandwich, phili steak and Caesar salad. The sandwiches were good, but a tad bit cold even though they popped it in the oven. I found out that they premade all their sandwiches in the morning, which I didn't like at all. I really like my sandwiches to be made fresh.The Caesar salad was okay (2 stars) because the dressing was horrible, had an awkward taste to it. Pricing wasn't too bad, around $12 or so per item.
3	3.5 StarsWent here for breakfast to-go one morning and the place was bustling. They have a really good steel cut oatmeal for $5.95. It's expensive for oatmeal but considering the amount they give you (enough to feed two), it's a pretty good value. You get your choice of dried fruits and brown sugar. It was really filling, too. The oatmeal was just the way I like it, not too thick to the point of being gummy and not too soupy to the point of looking like it came from Quaker Instant. They also have expensive Forte teas here. I love Forte tea and they're a quality brand, but paying more than $3.00 for hot water and a tea bag that I have to fish out myself after 4 minutes makes my pocketbook wince. For these two items, I paid $10.00. If I'm ever back at the Wynn, I would come back for that oatmeal. It's hard to eat healthy in Vegas, so you might as well get at least one meal of the day right.
3	I know you can't find cheap food in the Wynn and this is probably the cheapest food you'll find but this place is really expensive for the portion.You'll spend $10+ easily for just a snack to expect to order 2 to be satisfied. The food here is fairly good, however. The tuna croissant sandwich does not disappoint. The ham and cheese is really, really good and comes with a great sauce but it'll disappear in a few quick bites.The place is conveniently located close to guest elevators and on the casino shop floor.
3	Good place to go for an inexpensive snack after a night of partying or gambling as this place is open 24 hours. Inexpensive for Wynn, that is. Expect to pay over $10 for a sandwich and $5 for a drink. Everything here is convenient- the sandwiches come pre-made and are warmed to order in a convection oven; the salads come pre-made as well; the soups are in a large pot; and the desserts come from the refrigerator. The only thing that is made-to-order are the drinks from coffee to tea to smoothies. There's also frozen yogurt and various baked goods (cookies, brownies, etc). This cafe is convenient (reflective of its name)- you order at the counter, get your food and then find a place to sit. The food is pretty good, some items better than others. I've tried the Pepperoni Pizza Pocket, the Philly Cheesesteak, the Chili, the Asian Chicken Salad, and the Fruit Tart (Not all at the same time though!). My favorite was the Fruit Tart- a delicious pastry shell filled with pastry cream and topped with a beautiful arrangement of fruit (Strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, pear, apple, lychee, pineapple, mango, kiwi...). It was a pretty good size for $8. But like I said, if you're hungry in the middle of the night, are stuck at the Wynn/Encore, and have no money because you gambled it all or spent it all on drinks at XS or Surrender, then this place will be your savior.
5	I'm writing the review of The Cafe at the Drugstore while IN the Cafe at the Drugstore. Right after I just checked in at The Cafe at the Drugstore.How meta!I hate technology.
4	Mmmmm, a quick treat before going to a show...The Drugstore is the perfect place for the that quick treat.
5	No joke, when I lived in vegas I would go to the Wynn specifically with the intent of going to this coffee shop.  Best pastries in vegas.  Fantastic coffee and hot drinks.  And you're in the Wynn so there are much worse places you could spend snacking and relaxing!
4	From the look of this cafe, I wasn't fond of it.  It's kinda like Corner Bakery, where you just go up and pay for your food first and pick up your order and seat yourself. I'm pretty closed minded so nothing stood out to me especially because they served deli food at a whopping price. Threw me off a little. or maybe alot.I don't even know how I ended up here, i think my girlfriends and I were all hungry so we got desperate and  wanted something quick.We ordered the Portobello Mushroom Sandwich. None of us really liked it. it fell apart too so it was kinda hard to eat. However, you can really taste the Portobello. You can tell its some legit stuff, but eh, not my type of sandwich. Next!We also got the Chinese Chicken Salad. in the display, it seriously did NOT look appealing at all, didn't seem filling or anything for $10. I was almost convinced that this would be the worst salad I'm about to have. Dude, after one bite, I was amazed on how good this salad was! It was super filling and we even split it between 3 people. The dressing is very unique. How is it different from all the other Chinese chicken salads?  The dressing itself is thick and creamy, kinda looks like thousand island but it is so good. I never had such a bomb salad before. and most places would use Sesame light oil for their dressing. This place is generous with their portions too, lots of chicken and wonton chips! they even gave me extra dressing and wonton chips with out having me to ask because the waitress knew I was going to share. so that was a plus, cant complain about that! I even have a friend who HATES salad and this salad probably changed her perspective. I had the Tuna croissant here before too and it is the best tuna croissant. No exaggeration. My friend and I fell in love. The tuna was so good and i don't know what cheese they use but whatever it is, it's freaking good. I love coming here whenever I stay at the Wynn. Oh! and its 24 hour so newcomers are always welcomed =]
4	Had a quick bite here,  just before my friends & I headed on the road back home. Not expecting much, I ordered the brie and turkey sandwich on pretzel bread. I was not disappointed. It's not a gourmet sandwich but it was really filling. The turkey was not dry at all; the pretzel bread was really good, firm but soft, it was like a fresh made giant pretzel!!The only bad part of my experience at this place, wasn't with the food, but with the service. The cashier/server, was really annoyed to help my friend and myself. I really don't know what her problem was or is, but isn't part of her job description help customer with a little bit of courtesy.But I would still come back for a quick bite to eat....
3	It's unfortunate the Wynn couldn't just go corporate and get a freaking Starbucks or Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf. This place had all the charm and character of a no-name airport coffee place with sad packaged foods in a refrigerated case. My caramel macciato knock-off wasn't terrible but left much to be desired...
4	We liked this Wynn cafe that serves as a coffee and breakfast eatery. After the pool on Saturday, got mocha frappuccinos here. They were damn good. Got some cookies as well that were decent. Service was warm and helpful. A more causal and laid back atmosphere. Saw they had a breakfast menu that we'll be trying on future visits. To be fair about it we didn't eat here. But hopefully soon.
4	One of the hidden gems of Wynn.  I passed by this place all the time and never stopped in until my sister said hey you know what?  They have awesome food inside.  I was skeptical.  Food inside a deili like drug store?  Ok why not, we were in a hurry.  I ordered their Asian Chicken Salad, Carrot Cake Muffin, mix berries parfait and coffee.  It's really good food!  Service is fast, it gets a tad crowded and you may not be able to find a seat inside but pick up your food and go sit poolside and enjoy.  Everything we ordered (mentioned above) were very good.  Here's the kicker though... PRICEY.  Yes Pricey!  Did you expect less from Steve Wynn?   To give you an idea of the price here, a small 8 ounce cup of parfait cost me $8. It's one of my favorite places to go pick up food in the morning to sit poolside.  Just expect to pay double what you would at an other cafe or deli.
4	Open 24 hours. Service at the register is pretty slow but the food is very good. The asian chicken salad is really tasty, the cookies are delicious. I really wanted to try their other desserts but didn't get too. I would next time I am here.
4	Excellent coffee and lattes...They serve FONTE Coffee!Hot cinnamon bun is deliciousStaff is welcoming and friendly.
3	I was looking for a quiet place to study during my stay at the Wynn. I came across this gem, which is extremely convenient considering it is connected to the Wynn convenience/drug store.  If you're staying at the Wynn, it is even better because you literally turn the corner right, after getting out of the elevators and you're there! 24-hour cafe: I think they serve everything on their menu at all times of day, which is perfect if you're on a crazy Vegas sleep-eat schedule. If you're looking for the quietest time to get some serious work done, go between 2am-6am. I would give 4 stars, but despite the convenience, the cafe and adjoining drug store are a bit pricey. (Then again, it is the Wynn, so that is expected, right?). My suggestion, if you're looking to have a good meal, it is better to go and eat at one of the multitude of buffets in Vegas. But, you can eat a variety of sandwiches and croissants/pastries here if you're looking for something on-the-go!
3	Decent cafe, located inside the Wynn, to go for a quick ready-made sandwich, limited choice of baked goods, soups, and soft serve. They serve coffee, espresso drinks, tea, and smoothies. Cheap compared to other choices nearby; however, still a few dollars more than what you would pay outside of the strip. Good place to just sit and chill pre-activity or post.Soft-serve: tasted slightly weird to me. My 11-year-old cousin enjoyed its sweetness.Coffee: Average - everything you would expect in a cup of joe is there.
3	Turkey sandwich = delicious. However, $10.50 is a little steep for a sandwich in my taste. Would rather get my sandwich fix at Earl's in PH! However, hard to complain when there isn't a food court area at The Wynn.Chicken noodle soup is definitely an amazing cure for any rough night.Skip the tomato soup with cheese sticks. The cheese sticks are good, but the soup tastes more like marinara sauce than soup.4 stars for food, minus one star for priciness!
1	Steve Wynn, this place needs a serious overhaul. I don't mind paying for quality, or even paying Vegas prices for something decent, but this place was both terrible and expensive -- a serious no-no in my book. I had a simultaneously dry and mushy (dunno how that works) chocolate muffin and a tasteless mocha. The mocha had little espresso, little chocolate, lots of milk, and very little sugar. If I'm ordering a chocolate muffin and a mocha, I need a damned chocolate fix Mr. Wynn! Your place did not deliver. Especially at the total of $12. My boyfriend had a cup of watered down coffee and a mediocre (somewhat below Starbucks quality and size) yogurt parfait for $10.50. He didn't like it, and I didn't like feeling like a complete fatty for what he ordered. I know this last part was entirely my problem, but you weren't getting more than 1 star anyway so I'm throwing it in as a freebie.
3	My friend decided to go here without me cause she couldn't take it anymore lol. I was looking for her at XS and she said she was here at the cafe. Its across from the Stratta and I ate half of her sandwich. It was ok, but fast and easy. ;)
5	Love this place. Kinda pricey for "cafe grub" but it IS Vegas and you ARE at the Wynn. Just sayin. I love how it's open 24hrs! So whenever I was craving a mango smoothie with a antioxidant boost at 4am, I could walk here and get me one!Everything here is yum! The salmon bagel I had was on point! Huge pieces of salmon and the capers add a nice touch. My fam kept ordering the tuna croissant saying it was "hella good" so I'm guessing that's a favorite. The bran muffin here was the best bran muffin I've ever had. Also had the Nutella s'more. Not the best. It's alright. Wouldn't recommend it if you really want the Nutella flavor. Kinda just tastes like chocolate. But overall, love this cafe! Would definitely come back. Ps. No dress code like most restaurants at the Wynn. So men in your tank tops, you're good to go.
3	As D.D. says the "breakfast bagel is blah." So skip that and have a yummy baileys coffee...worth the 8 bucks.  We also tried a greek salad on another day and that was worth the $10.75.
3	Ya this place is pricey, but it's Vegas...you're gonna spend $$$ on food. That being said, the food is YUMmy! I got the asian chicken salad and it was delish!! And only $10!  And then there's cake. Oh the cake. It is freaking amazing. Your taste buds have not lives until you have tasted this cake. We got the strawberry shortcake, it was fluffy and moist and heavenly. AND I don't feel like I'm gonna pass out from a sugar coma after eating it! I am seriously having a relationship with this cake. Just get it, trust me.
4	Late night spot! Salmon bagel  is amazing. Lots of salmon too. Pretzel sandwich is also solid. Need to try Mac and cheese.
5	When I stayed in the Wynn, there were only two restaurants that we could affford in our price range and that was the Drugstore cafe and The Buffet and then maybe splurge on a $$$ restaurant. :PThe buffet is conveniently located in the lobby right by the resort elevators, so when me and my friend wanted something quick and not too pricey. We would eat here knowing the portions are a good size and the price is somewhat but not too expensive considering it's the Wynn on par with the Bellagio but more modernized.We ordered ordered 2 orange juice, 2 muffins and 2 panini's and the price total would come up to over $30 but to me it's not bad for the price and the if you ordered the same stuff at Society Cafe, it would've been over $50!It's connected right by the drugstore and carries all your necessities for travel and some affordable souvenirs to bring home. Next to the drugstore is the bath and body section that sells highend products that you can only find in a department store like Bloomingdales and most of the products are from London. They have something for males and females so no one is left out and the pricing is a bit on the pricey side but you do get what you pay for. I for sure loved the Jo Malone products for men and just fell in love with the scents and you can't find those anywhere and not even Macys carries them. Customer service was always friendly and are always there to answer questions about their products.
3	I was super under-whelmed with my pasty and coffee. The upside is you can sit and people watch.
1	While the Wynn provides a rich atmosphere this cafe comes up lacking. I was wisked in wiith the idea of a Wynn's Special Hot Chocolate - FAIL. The drink was $7 and deplorable. I had to return it and get a tea just to wash the taste out of my mouth. For a hotel who prides themselves on luxury and elegants - hersheys powdered hot chocolate mix was insulting. Mr. Wynn considering Las Vegas is home to world famous chocolatiers, Ethel M etc., why would you bother to serve world war 2 chocolate rations?
4	After a poor run at the tables at Encore, yet still having about three hours before dinner at Botero, I wandered over to Wynn and saw this quaint little cafe. I had seen it dozens of times before, but never really gave it any kind of thought or second notice...mistake! I wanted just a little snack to tide me over for the next few hours, and the Drugstore Cafe has a myriad of different options to cater to most patrons. I originally was going to get one of the pastries on display, but upon seeing "Brie Mac & Cheese with Grilled Chicken" on the menu, my mind was made up. YUM. I was pleasantly surprised with how tasty this dish was with every bite that entered my mouth. Perfect amount of cheesy goodness combined with non-smushy noodles and some tender chicken made this dish exceed my expectations; and, for just $6.95, this was actually one of the better deals in the place. While devouring the mac&cheese, the menu stared down on me. "Wynn's Signature Hot Chocolate" kept taunting me, so of course I caved. Now, this was some pretty damn good hot chocolate. However, at 7-something bucks, plus adding a shot of espresso, I was disappointed with a whopping $9 put on my credit card. Hence, the reason for 4 stars and not 5: ludicrous prices for most items. I understand that this is the Wynn, but I'm making no exception. As a final note, the staff on hand on this particular night were friendly and quick to help customers. Give the Drugstore Cafe a shot for a quick snack, but don't count on feeling thrifty about your spending if you order any kind of beverage.
3	I came here for a quick dinner bite after a really late lunch of breakfast foods. Confused yet?I was drawn in by the brie mac & cheese with chicken. I can't remember how much it cost, but it was pretty cheap, maybe like $6.50? The portion is pretty small though. It was pretty good, but kind of made me think of baby or little kid food because the chicken was cut in little cubes and the noodles weren't macaroni, but little rings. The real winner though was the asian chicken salad which was one of the best I've had in a while.An ok place to drop in for coffee (and incredibly overpriced smoothies) or pastries, but not really a dinner type place. They have a pretty good selection of desserts though and I was definitely eyeing the ginormous $12 slice of cake. There's always next time!
4	I really enjoyed the almond croissant and cappuccino for breakfast here.  It was kind of pricey ($8 for a croissant) but it was large, topped with powdered sugar and delicious - went very well with the cappuccino.  Great place if you need to stop by for a quick bite to eat in the morning if you don't want to opt to do one of the large buffets.
4	I kept coming back here to eat when I was staying at the hotel. It's conveniently located at the corner across from the black jack/ craps tables,and the sports betting TV area. It's super spacious with lots of seating and connected to the drugstore on the other side. First thing I had here was the Chicken Noodle Soup which was good, but nothing special. My friends had the Brie Mac-N-Cheese which came in a small cup. They loved it. The second time I had the Caprese Salad Sandwich that I loved and kept coming back for more.. Their desserts looked great.The place is kind of pricey, but it's a pretty good place to go if you're hungry and don't know where to go. Very casual grab a bite to eat and go. It's open 24 hours I believe since i walked in hungry at 4 AM, so that's a plus!
4	Egg white, spinach, tomato, and mushroom bagel was pretty good. I was starving when I had it tho.
5	After a long night when you want to munch on something and most restaurants are closed, this is a convenient place to come to when you stay at the Wynn.The food is fresh and good.  They have a limited menu but when it's late and you need to munch, they have enough to satisfy your cravings.  Every time we stay at the Wynn, we come here every night.  Although we never eat here, they do wrap things up to go.
4	Ummm, I have come here countless over the past few days and I am consistently impressed with the quality level of the food- just as I should be for the astronomical prices!!  However, it was fast, prompt, service with a smile and they really do a nice job.For breakfast their parfait is good and the fruit cup is fresh!  The croissant is the size of my head and is buttery, flaky goodness.  Muffins are moist + Great coffee selection!!  The line is out the door on most mornings that big conventions are in town, so if you catch yourself running short on time, just turn the corner (heading towards Encore from the Wynn) and you will find a very clever kiosk with a few quick- choice selections to go!! Genius!!For lunch I tried their Roasted Chicken Sandwich with Kalamata olives, arugula and a lemony pesto dressing and let me tell you, I'm actually craving it right now for lunch as I write this review!  Chicken was very moist and the roll seemed fresh baked.  My friends also enjoyed their turkey sandwich and the salads & pastries as well!  Great quick option I the Wynn but you will walk out spending on average $15- $20 for a "meal" each time!!  That's what happens when the small bottle of "Wynn" water is over $3...
5	I love the atmosphere. It's where you can take a minute before waiting for the show.
2	Cute cafe for quick bite. Don't set expectations high. Quality of food is similar to microwaveable and/or vending machine food. Prices are average being located at Wynn. Bagel with cream cheese and a toasted-microwaved breakfast bagel (pre-made) 2 small coffees and a half cup of fruit $25. Stop by if drunk and hungry no where else to go during late hours.
4	We were walking around playing tourist and needed a little bit of a break to sit down and wanted something to satiate the sweet tooth. We saw this cafe and the family decided to drop through. I got a cafe caramelle w/ soy and it was properly made. Not too sweet, nice quality coffee. I see they use Simonelli machines so I expected a good hot beverage. The desserts looked pretty and I couldn't decide so I asked the girl helping me what her favorite was and I will roll with that. The pumpkin cheesecake she suggested was actually a solid suggestion. It was light, had just a very light hint of pumpkin and spice in the center, the outer layer was plain. The whipped cream was dotted with vanilla bean and the chocolate garnish with pumpkin seeds was nice. I tried a bite of different desserts my family got and they were all good - with the tiramisu and the peanut butter cup being favorites. The cheesecake was my favorite so I was glad I got it. It's a quick and easy option for a little snack and a good latte that's open 24/7. I'd definitely drop back in here and I'm glad that the Wynn didn't go corporate and just have a same ol' Starbucks whose jetfuel coffee does not agree with me.
5	I wanted some desserts while I was visiting Wynn and the Drugstore Cafe was the nearest place in the building. There wasn't a line and the employee behind the counter was patient as I looked over the menu and the display case. When I had some questions, she answered them in a friendly tone. I ordered a Wynn Special Hot Chocolate, but with soy milk, and a Nutella Smores bar. It didn't take long for her to make my hot chocolate.Both the hot chocolate and Nutella Smores were delicious. I'd say that the smores was actually too big for me, so I shared half of it with a friend.The prices were a little pricey, but considering the portions aren't small, I thought it was okay. I'd definitely come back if I wanted more desserts while I'm at Wynn.
4	I was doing some works up in my room when the hunger strike, and since I couldn't leave them for a long time, I decided to go down & quickly get something to eat. It was quite a long walk from my room, but since I was quite busy, its faster to walk & buy food from here than ordering room service and whatnot.I was craving for some kind of salad because I haven't been eating much veggies since I got there the day before, so I got the caesar salad, which is about $10 with tax. The portion was HUGE and it was pretty good. Knowing crazy pricing around the Strip, this is definitely considered cheap & worth the money. If I were to stay in this hotel again, I'll be back to this place (And Zoozacrackers). I've had my share on good, expensive foods on the Strip, but I'm glad I found a nice eatery that doesn't care whether I dress up to eat or not. X)
3	I ate here twice on my most recent trip to Vegas (stayed at the Encore)Both times I had breakfast. First time I had an cheese/egg and ham bagel. Which was kind of bland. Not great not horrible. The second time I had I had a raspberry croissant and a Pom-berry lemon-aid. Both were really good. I also got a box of French macaroons which I ate later. The macaroons were also really good.If you are going to eat here just keep in mind it is very expensive. My bf paid $2.90 fora banana!
4	I ordered the Italian Sub ($11.25) and it was delicious.  I also got the Coconut Mango Mouse ($6) which was so yummy.  I enjoyed every bite.  I prefer this over the buffet at the Wynn.  The service was great even with long lines.
