5	I love chick-fil-a!!!Im a huge fan! I usually get a number one (original chicken sandwich combo) with a sweet tea. If Im in the mood to be somewhat healthy I get the grilled chicken sandwich. Their honey mustard is really good too...my favorite kind from any fast food. I just ate at this particular one today and had excellent service. The  lady that was helping me was really sweet. She just seemed happy to be there and in a good mood unlike other places. She even gave me a free breakfast sample (a sausage biscuit) since it was right after breakfast hours. I have never got this from any place before. It was a nice gesture. I didnt try it though, I just saved it for my boyfriend...he said it was really good though (and it was reheated)
5	Love the playground for kids at this one.  For that reason alone - 5 stars.  I mean its a chick-fil-a and you know what kind of food they have, so nothing amazing, but always good service and good food.  The staff is always friendly and asking how they can help.
4	Turns out this is one of many places I've been deprived of growning up in South Orange County. Amazingly this was the first time I had a Chick Fil-A chicken sandwich. All I can say it that it was damn tasty! Pulled through the drive through after Angels spring training and gobbled it down in under three minuites...I think. You have to ask for extra BBQ sauce cuz they only give you like one or two, fwiw they are ACTUALLY building one right down the street from my house!!!! You have no idea how freakin' well this place will do here!
5	I love this place! Great food and "It's always a beautiful day at Chik-Fil-A"!!  I love that every time I go through the drive thru, they give my dog a dog biscuit.
5	Excellent food, excellent service. I eat here frequently as I work within walking distance, and have never had it any different. Great place for a quick lunch or a family outing. My son loves the playground here too!
5	Every time you walk in or hit the drive through you get "It's a great day for Chick-Fil-A, how can I help you?".  I feel welcomed :)The other cool random thing... if I go through the drive through with my dog, they always ask if they can give her a milkbone... so she's a fan! just sayin.As far as the food... I love this place - I mean I am the Duke on the iphone app... there all the time it seems.  Chicken is clean and not fatty, always juicy and the breading is never too thick. Extra pickles is never an issue and getting American cheese on it is cool too. Normal or Spicy Chicken is my pick.My only beef w/ Chick-Fil-A is they're not open on Sundays... mormon thing. But whatcha gonna do?
5	Real White chicken. Waffle fries fun. Expensive for ckicken, but its not chicken parts. Love the fact it's closed Sundays!
5	Fast food is not really my thing, but I really like this Chick-Fil-A. Other than the food being pretty good (amazing for fast food) but they have Family Nights on Thursdays (http://www.cfarestaurant.com/santanvillagemarketplace/events). I assume the other Chick-Fil-A's do as well, but I've only seen them advertised at this particular location. I took my children there tonight and for $15 (cost of dinner) my 5-year old was able to make a sock snowman craft (turned out really cute), have face-painting (by a professional, not a bored teenager) and a balloon animal (or princess, buzz light-year, batman, whatever the case may be). I was thoroughly impressed with the event and can't wait to go back for the next one.Besides all that, the restaurant was clean. The food was fresh and the chicken wasn't gross. The staff was super friendly and uber polite. I was fan! Great place to spend the evening with your family.
2	The food is great, but DON'T rush from the drive through without checking your bag for all of your ordered items.  And also check your receipt for that matter.  I ordered one meal, one sandwich, and one small fries.  Did not get our fries and the receipt says we were charged extra for the drink that came with the meal (that was given to us WITHOUT a straw).  So frustrating!!!!
4	The best quick to go fast food chicken sandwich.  Simple and good!
3	Quick and tasty Chicken Sandwches. Nothing special
5	Chick-Fil-A is so damn good. Get a shake! They're worth it.
5	Consistent top notch service. In the three years I have worked near here, I have not had bad service even one single time. This is a great place to eat, and a breath of fresh air when compared to the service at most fast food joints.
4	I am not a huge fan of their food but their service is spectacular. All the employees I've encountered are incredibly friendly. I usually don't order food; I just pick up a lemonade. I LOVE that lemonade! But if you are ordering food, the chicken sandwich is doable.
5	Our favorite fast food place. They have the best service and good fast food.
2	Ok Im going against the grain here. I really don't understand what the big deal is about Chick-Fil-A. Everybody raves about it. I've gone several times and I really dont think the chicken is that great. Yes they give you lots of choices in dipping sauce but if the chicken is so great do you need dipping sauce? The only reason why I'm a return customer is my 3 year old loves the play ground. Yes I do agree their staff is always very friendly. But the chicken never hits the mark for me Ive tried several items on the menu. Yesterday I had the spicey chicken wrap. Uh wheres the spice? Not spicey what so ever. It was loaded with lettuce and dry, I could tell it was not made fresh. My son ordered the chicken nuggets I tried one of his it was ok, didnt blow me out of the water. My son could care less what they were serving he just wanted to play. The place was busy and my food still arrived quickly. Im sure I will return if my son bags again as we drive by
5	My wife and I ate at this Chick-Fil-A this weekend and I liked it. She eats there all the time and has been trying to get me to go and I wasn't disappointed. I had the grilled chicken sandwich and some chicken tenders. Lemonade was awesome. More importantly the service was great. Everyone seemed to have such a great attitude which I appreciated. The person at the registrar was Camry and she was very helpful. We told her we were going to the movies and she told us where the theater was and how to get there quicker. I appreciated that she took the time to tells. My wife was impressed with how kid/baby friendly this place is. From diapers in the bathrooms to Cheerios in small cups for hungry kids, this place rocks!
5	Folks, this is not your typical fast food place.  The employees are glad to be working here and it shows in the way they interact with the customers.  I go here and to the one on Stapely Dr. and both places the employees can sometimes be heard chatting and laughing happily while they work.  It's true... I kid you not.  The morale is A1 and that makes it a pleasant place to eat.If there is a problem with your order, they are happy to fix it.The food is served very fast, it's very good, and the place is always very clean.  There is a gluten free menu online and they can actually print out the nutritional values from the cash register.  My favorite item is the Charbroiled & Fruit salad.  The cross cut fries are not smothered in salty seasoning with MSG (Except for the kind of dressing I get has it.. not sure about all of the flavors though).  Oh, and one more thing... you won't find any *pink slime* here.
5	As fast food chicken goes, this is probably the best.   I have tried a lot items on their menu, my favorite is the chicken nuggets.  These nuggets are not just chicken  "parts".  These nuggets are real chicken breasts cut into bite size pieces,  with 8 or more sauces to choose from.  I like the honey mustard and buffalo sauce.  But the best nonfood item is the service.  I usually go early in the day and I find the staff to be extremely friendly and they will go out of their way to make sure your order is correct and served in a timely manner.
2	Chick FilA is one of the best fast food restaurants out there. They have really worked on the friendly-ness factor. BUT...This particular location has the most languid bunch of workers I've ever seen. I saw four people walk out because the 7 people working behind the counter didn't step up to wait on the customers -- they were too BUSY doing other stuff like paperwork, and stacking cups. When it was my turn, I waited at the counter for 5 to 7 minutes in awe of the complete lack of service. Only one cash register was open while four more customers behind me waited to get somebody - anybody's attention. Plenty of employees were there all milling about and chatting amongst themselves. Hello???Is there anything more important than the customers? Here's a case where they have gone out of their way to provide decent fast food, a clean environment, small extras like diapers in the bathrooms, fresh flowers, and great attitude by the employees, but then FORGOT to take their orders. I won't go back to this one.
5	Fast & friendly service and fast food as good as you can come by. I wouldn't expect anything less of Chick-Fil-A!!
5	Always clean, has awesome spicy chicken sandwiches and their waffles fries are yummy! :)
4	I love this place!  Visit at least once a week for the #2 combo w/peper jack cheese to give it just a little kick.  The employee's are always very polite and the restaurant is always clean.
5	Always a very friendly staff.  When one of my visits took a little longer than anticipated the comped my bill.  Excellent experience and customer service.
5	Genuinely friendly employees. Fast food that doesn't taste like fast food. What I really like, though, is that the kids meals come with books!  And they even have board books for kiddos under 3! If you have a smaller appetite, you could order the kid's meal for yourself and then give the book to your kid.  Win-win!
5	Employees are always friendly and helpful. They bring your food to you and restaurant and bathrooms are always very clean and well stocked. Employees work the dining room area by asking if they can get you a refill, take your trash, is your food ok? WHAT the WHAT? Way to go guys!
3	My family loves Chick-fil-a, and this is probably the location closest to me, but after at least 10 visits over the past couple of years, find their service to be friendly yet slow and inefficient.  I recommend taking the 202 two more exits to Power Rd, and visiting that location.  They have consistently great service, speed, and food quality.  I've been their more times than I'd like to admit, and never had a bad experience.In short, this is good, but great is just down the road.
5	This review can go for pretty much any Chick-Fila-A because all that I've visited are awesome, but this one I frequent the most. Customer service is the best, they set the example on how it should be done. Don't let a line at lunch or dinner time detour you, they usually get through the line fast and the food comes out super fast  after you order. They bring the food to the table which I love. Great food, i always get a chicken sandwich. Very clean and well maintained. Friendly staff. My favorite for sure in this industry!
2	This chick fil a used to be the best, we went every week for family night on Tuesdays. Apparently it's taken over by new ownership in the last month and its just awful. The food is still decent but customer service and cleanliness is definitely lacking. The high chairs are horrifying now, which is one reason we used to like to go there, it was super clean and I didn't worry about bringing in a thousand things to sanitize my child's eating area. I'm not sure who the new owner is but he better step his game up, family get used to be super busy but it's dwindling down a lot now.
1	We went on a Tuesday for lunch, And sorry we did... We placed out order and found a table. 10..15...20....25 Minutes go by and no food. The Bus boy / Food runner stops by and ask what the name on our order was. He then comes back and offers us Shakes for our wait. (which we gladly accepted) 10 Min later her brings us our food with a 1/2 Dozen cookies... ( A FOOD RUNNER... WHILE ALL 3 MANAGERS are standing at the counter) Not once did one stop by, ask or give an apology... So I thank the food runner for stepping up and taking care of us. But what a poor showing of Management....
1	Bad food - bad service. The chicken salad sandwich made the roof of my mouth hurt because the bread was so hard and dry.  I had to repeat myself numerous times before they got my order "right@, then it still came out wrong.
2	The service today really was disappointing and slow.  They only had one person that worked the cash register in the whole place and she was also restocking which took away from her register duties.  It took several mins just to get an acknowledgement and several more to place an order.  Funny thing I was the only person in line.  Normally, we never have any issues with this location.
1	First time and I wasn't impressed. Chicken is flavorless, dry and way too pricey. Will not return.
3	Has one of the best tasting chicken sandwiches--as long as you get the original chicken sandwich.  The chargrilled sandwich is just okay--although more healthy, it's nothing compared to the fried goodness of its counterpart.  Waffle fries are delicious, lemonade is actual lemonade....just lemons and sugar.  They are very family friendly with snacks for the kids while you wait, free diapers in the bathroom, and ice cream with the kids meal.  Fruit is always nice instead of fries, but the fruit, unfortunately is not the freshest.The staff is always polite and courteous...I always have to do a double-take when I hear, "my pleasure" when thanking them.  You don't hear the too often from other fast-food restaurants.  Although I may not agree with some of the corporate's stances on social issues, I never hesitate to take my kids there because I know it's one of the few place I can take my kids out to eat.  They love it.
1	We don't have fast food very often, but usually when we do we like to go to Chick Fil A.Generally speaking, Chick Fil As are clean with polite, friendly employees and consistently good food. This location is the exception to that rule. The restaurant is constantly filthy in one way or another. It is still possibly a step up from some other fast food restaurants, but in the context of Chick Fil As standards, this one is completely sub par.On one visit, I was standing in front of the counter while waiting for part of my order, and I noticed that my shoes were sticking to the floor. Initially I dismissed it and moved over, but found that I was STILL sticking to the floor. I looked down and found that there was a thick layer of sticky soda (movie theater floors x 1 million) that was now caked onto my shoes and causing me to stick to the floor even after I'd moved away from it. When I was finally able to catch an employee's attention to let them know, I was told "oh, there's a leak, we know about it" with no further action (no one came to clean it up, at least temporarily, during our entire visit to the restaurant) On another occasion, I went to get a child's booster seat and when I looked over the few seats available, found that each and every one of them was disgustingly caked with various food splattered all over them. I selected one that had the food mostly relegated to the edges and sides of the seat, and proceeded to grab several Purell packets to wipe it down myself. Several employees glanced at me during the process but weren't too terribly concerned apparently. On a regular basis, there are consistently a variety of smaller but still obnoxious ongoing issues, such as overfull trash cans and gross bathrooms. Additionally, a tiny thing that I've noticed (and appreciated) at other Chick Fil As is that when you get a highchair, they always always have a sticky placemat laid over the back of the highchair - this is so nice, because when your hands are full of a baby, your food, etc, it is great that they are anticipating your needs by having this readily available, and having it on the highchair means it is one less thing you have to grab. However, at this Chick Fil A, it is extremely rare for the placemat to be on the highchairs; you pretty much always have to stop and pick it up separately. Again, it is small, but it does make a difference and just shows that they don't care quite as much about their customers as all of the other locations.The staff at this location is nice enough in the scheme of fast food places, but again, does not really live up to the standards that I've come to expect from Chick Fil A as a brand. They are your typical teenaged fast food employees; where I usually find that Chick Fil A employees are respectful, polite, conscientious, and engaging, these employees tend to be a bit more removed, more interested in joking around with other employees, and while they go through the motions of decent service, they're missing that little extra that makes such a huge difference at other locations. Additionally, I usually see quite a bit of management presence on the floor at other locations, but it seems much rarer here. I've also observed managers being pretty rude to employees once or twice - most recently a manager belligerently ordering someone in the kitchen to get "some soup that is actually hot" in a very sarcastic tone with very angry body language.The food is generally pretty much the same as other Chick Fil As, but our order does seem to be messed up more often here than at other locations. We usually order our sandwiches without pickles, and this only actually gets done about 50% of the time. It isn't a huge deal, but does completely change the flavor of the sandwich to a more pickly flavor, which no one in our family cares for.If we had a location even only slightly further away, we would definitely make the trek, but as we are quite far from the next closest restaurant, we end up here anytime we need something quick, and each time we regret spending our money with this particular restaurant since it is so disappointing.
5	I go to this restaurant at least two to three times a week service is good as any exceptional. And you can't beat family night or a play place in a restaurant if you have small kids
5	I love Chick Fil A, I always have. This location is pretty dangerous for me as it is right by where I work. As I've stated in previous reviews, I'm crazy picky when it comes to what I like to eat. This location is *outstanding* because they always get my order right. My food is always nice and hot and the chicken is never dry.  The employees are always super polite and professional, the restaurant is always clean, and the food is always deeeelicious. I love this place. *yum*
5	Good food. The place is great for families with young kids. They have cherrios and diapers available for free. Very friendly staff. This location is my favorite chick fil a.
4	Great service, the food is good, and I like what they stand for.  The Play yard is a little small, but my kids still love it there.
5	Love chic-fil-a!  I don't stray far from the basic nuggets- but have had a chicken sand which and I also enjoy the chicken strip salad.   The shakes are really tasty as well!  My whole family likes chic-fil-a, and that is pretty rare -my whole clan to agree on something. Price is what you expect for a fast food place-no dollar menu here though-about $7 for a meal. Staff is always very pleasant and you won't get out of there without hearing "its our pleasure". Drive through is always pretty long at lunch time but moves quick. They do have an indoor play place but my kids are too old so I can't comment on cleanliness-restaurant is always kept neat however.  They are closed on sundays.
5	Great environment and top quality customer service. I stopped in for a quick lunch with my son.  The place was packed full of people, but a manager was out of the floor refilling drinks and smiling! Great experience and great people!
5	This is the best location ever. Best customer service and always amazing food! Go here every day!
5	We love this chick fil a it is the best   The servers come around to refill your drinks. They have family events. The chicken is great.
5	Best fast food place I've eaten.  Perfect if you have children.  Nice play area.  Food good and timely, service excellent.  Would eat here again.
2	This place is a wreck and is run incredibly poorly.Every time I go by I'll say 'please make sure my food is hot' and they graciously say 'of course' and then give me the coldest, stalest fries that are beyond inedible. They are like cardboard brick. I'm from Texas and was practically raised on this food and was always, always impressed with how the food was always so hot and fresh unlike other fast food places that just give you whatever is left over. I never failed to get hot food. Imagine my surprise when this independently owned (with zero oversight from corporate) gave me cold, bland food. I was floored. This isn't the restaurant I grew up eating at. This is some poorly run and managed money-saving racket that ONLY cares about the bottom line. I don't usually care to write reviews about fast food places because we all know most don't care what food they throw at you, but I really expected more from Chick-Fil-a. Sadly, this junk heap is a major disappointment, but the only one near me so I either accept their crappy food or I go without. What a shameful choice from such an iconic brand. I'd be embarrassed to own this and to sully such a great reputation.
5	They were good before now with the grilled chicken sandwiches they are even better love the chick-fil-a house sauce dont think you can get better than them on a chicken sandwich
5	It's Chick-Fil-A....what can I say? I can eat it every day....YAY!!
5	Food is always good. This particular Chick-fil-a has diapers in the bathroom for the smallest customers convenience.  They have fun activities and parties in the restaurant regularly.
