5	Today I was just notified by Christina and her assistant Stephany that my home  via a short sale just closed.  What a relief.The process was painless.  Prior to her,  I tried working with the bank on renegotiating the loan with no results.  Christina stepped in and over a period of eight months all issues were handled without flaw and in a timely manner.  During this process I had many questions which were answered right away.  She even took phone calls on her vacation!  Service is rare in today's world and she is a definite exception.  But beyond her service everything was done right the first time and any advice given was always spot on.  A successful short sale is challenging but Christina and Stephanie made the process seamless.  I  strongly recommend Christina if you are in need of an agent in selling your home.JK
5	Shyla Magee was SO great to work with. She is very knowledgable and was able to answer all of our questions and explain things really clearly - which was so important as we're first time homebuyers and had no clue going into this process what it all meant. You can also tell she really cares about what her clients want and will do everything she can to ease the stress of trying to find a house in this crazy fast market. Plus, it's evident that she's watching out for your best interests by making sure to ask the right questions and that there will be no surprises. The house we bought was a short sale and although it took a long time it was worth the wait. Even though the process seemed to move REALLY slowly for about 4 months we knew that Shyla hadn't forgotten about us and was still making our purchase a priority. She was constantly checking in with the seller's agent and our lender and was always willing to answer our questions, even during non-business hours. Also, she was willing and able to negotiate with Windermere to match a similar rebate/credit that my bank was offering if we used a realtor that was partnered with my bank. This really showed that Shyla would go out of her way to help and was fully in support of us right at the beginning of the home buying process.In the 6+ months we worked with her, Shyla did nothing but impress us with her professionalism, dedication, and willingness to go above and beyond what's expected. When/if we sell this house Shyla is the only one we'd ask to help us!
1	We put in a FULL PRICED BID on one of their properties...our dream home.  It was a short sale.  Their agent did not respond to the offer!!  For five days our agent texted, emailed and called.  Finally, she was texted and told if she did not respond by 5 pm that evening, our offer was null and void, as was our earnest money.  She texted back THANK YOU.  After the fact, she actually sent a counteroffer, where she asked for $4,600 ON TOP OF HER COMMISSION  on a 460k home to work the short sale!!!  I was so heartbroken, to have lost this home, so I contacted the owner of Windermere by email.  She wrote back that she would be very happy to explain their lawyer backed policy.  This practice is illegal in CA, of charging extra to work the short sale.  But that is not what upset me.  It was the fact that their agent never got back to us about our bid.  Then I saw that our dream home had been sold to someone else.   I'll bet she had a buyer, and she wanted to be both the listing agent and the buying agent to get both commissions.   Who knows,  but I would avoid this company like the plague.  I feel they are deceptive, and I was so dissappointed in the Windermer's owner's response to this.
