3	Women's items out number Men's 4 to 1. This Ross store is clean and is typical of discount retail clothes.  This seems clean and organized.  I'm not sure if it is because it is a Friday Morning post Christmas retail madness, but seems decent.  Women's clothes out number Men's selection about 4 to 1, but women should be happy finding their bargain.  Customer service was good considering I had returned an item from another Ross store, but I had the receipt and it was returned without a hitch.
4	Great selection. I can always find a last minute blouse whether it's for work or a date. Can't beat the savings either. I find some really awesome bargains here on unique items, but I won't say what so that you can go on your own treasure hunt!
2	This place is beat.It's the size of a normal Ross, but has way less than half of the stock of a normal Ross. It just looks picked over and sad. I dont understand what's going on here... Are they going out of business? Clearing for new inventory? Stocking up for the Zombie Apocalypse? Who knows. Never returning.
2	If you're a guy, don't even bother walking through the doors.  It feels like the men's department is just set up as a courtesy.  The reviewer who says the women's to men's ratio is 4:1 is being pretty generous.  Ladies; if you have the patience to sift through several aisles of unorganized stuff, you may find a good deal on something fashionable.  But if you succeed on your quest to actually find what you're looking for, you'll also need to have the patience to sit in an unnecessarily long check out line.There are other discounter clothing stores in Desert Ridge.  I can only recommend Ross as a desperate last resort.
3	Located in the Desert Ridge shopping center, this place is always packed.  They offer a good selection of clothes and keep it clean.  I've been lucky and have found shoes in my size here.  Most Ross stores don't have a good selection of shoes in my size, but for some reason this one does.  These stores are funny like that.As long as I continue to find shoes I like here, I'll keep coming back.Return Factor - 70%
4	Only really looked through the dress section - which was clean and well organized.  It's in the Tatum Desert Ridge shopping plaza and there are a lot of good stores here.  Was able to happily walk out with 2 new dresses and the cashier was very friendly.  No complaints here!Overall: A
5	I love this place! I can always find a full outfit here (often designer) right down to the shoes and handbag in one day and pretty quickly too.And the prices are so cheap. I spent $300.00 and came home with a full Spring wardrobe.  If I did that anywhere else, I would be lucky to get just one outfit! And would have spent a week trying to find it all.This place is the best and beats walking around the Mall for the entire day bouncing from store to store to try to put an outfit together. It is clean and organized well and their home goods section is a pretty decent size. I have never gotten anything poorly made either. So far so good. I love Ross!I have been to others and so far this is the better one in my opinion.
4	I usually always buy something at Ross. Today was no exception! I normally visit the Paradise Valley or North Scottsdale one but we were in this area. I needed winter gear and I found so much. Got 4 leggings, a workout top and bra, sweatshirt, fleece jacket, gloves, boots and 3 bags of Ghirardelli holiday chocolate. All for $145! Love this place. I feel so comfortable shopping here, it's like second nature. Well stoked for the holiday season, lots of people, and the cashier was nice.
