5	Amazing facility!  Loved the mirror maze and laser maze!  Great for kids/teens!  A must try!
4	The mirror maze is no joke.  It had me and my daughter thoroughly confused.  This isn't a cheap one like at a fair, it's solid.  Both ladies working the mirror and laser mazes were very friendly and helpful.
5	What a great experience. Don't miss out on the Mirror Maze and the Laser Maze Challenge. All off are boys and girls loved challenging each other for the best time through the Laser MazeWe all also spent about a half hour going through the Mirror Maze having a great time.We've kept going back time after time after time.
4	The kids love it and that is all that matters!  Tons of Butterflies next door at Butterfly Wonderworld, which the kids like too.  It looks like they are also building an aquarium here too!  Right off the 101 and easy to get to.
2	I bought a Groupon for 4 admissions.  I paid $22 but when I checked in, they charged me about $3 in tax.  I am so glad that I didn't pay the full price of almost $10 per person.  It is actually a well-done mirror maze, but it is way too small.  My girls are 4 and 6 years old and they found their way out in only 10 - 15 minutes.  I was shocked when we got to the end so fast.  Luckily, they had a bounce house set up outside, so my girls jumped around a bit and then did the maze two more times.  This place would be so much better, and actually worth the money, if there were multiple mazes or if there were different routes to take within the maze, or if it were just bigger.  I feel like today's experience was worth around $2-3 per person.
3	This was a decent outing for us - we didn't love it, but didn't hate it.  We bought the Groupon so in total we ended up spending about $30 for 4 people.  Our kids are 5 and 2.  The 5 year old liked it and the 2 year old was scared.  It took us about 10 minutes to get through the first time.  We would go back IF there was more to do (included in the fee we already paid) and IF there was no candy-wall.
5	Love this place! The Lazer maze is my favorite, it is like a true James Bond experience. Where you go through a dark room with green lazer lights and you are trying to avoid all lazers. This is something  you do not get to do everyday, so I was defiantly different and an exciting challenge! Also the mirror maze was tons of fun, the lighting and sounds were amazing. I highly recommend this place, great for all ages.
2	If you have 15 minutes open in your schedule, go ahead.  Maze took only a few minutes - seriously disappointing.  The Laser Maze thing was 1 minute for $5 -- really??  (BTW I totally love all the 5 star rvws, this Maze being their ONLY raving rvw).
5	Unique and inexpensive place for family fun. Staff was very pleasant and patient with what you would expect to be a storm of kids. Great place for the whole family. I recommend the all day pass and go through it multiple times. The lighting changes make it challenging. Just don't go hung over or if you have epileptic seizures. Definitely will visit again.
1	I am puzzled, beyond puzzled at the 4-5 star reviews.  My son and I along with a friend and her girls headed up to Odysea Mirror Maze after my friend purchased a Groupon.  I knew of Butterfly Wonderland but not the maze so we thought we would give it a try.  The Groupon was good for 4 but we had 5 people total so I purchased one extra ticket.  The ticket was $10 plus tax for an "all day pass".  This was just for the maze and not for the laser maze which would be extra.  We enter the maze and there are lights flashing, thunder, then you walk over a bridge and behind some black curtains you enter a maze.  We went through the maze in about 5 minutes (just a series of mirrors and lights flashing, monkey noises, etc.).  We came out the exit door back into the lobby and we were shocked.  That was it??  $10 tickets for a few minutes in a maze?  I am not sure who would spend all day here to walk into the maze over and over again.  No fun at all.  Our kids were confused as well and done after they went twice.  Summary: Don't bother!  We felt very ripped off.  I could see this maze being part of the whole Butterfly Wonderland as a ticket package or couple dollar add-on but as a separate attraction with that ticket price?  No way, sorry.  We will not be back.
2	The Quick:Don't bother unless you're in the area already, and hopefully have some sort of a discount. The (few) optical illusions will impress you, but it's ultimately overpriced and WAY too quick to get through. Might be worth it if it had more rooms and was about three times as big...The Long:I took my 10 year old son here this afternoon for something to do during a summer break afternoon. He loves the fun houses at the State Fair, so this seemed right up his alley. I had bought a Groupon that was $12 for two people's admission, but after experiencing the maze, $6 per person is just too much for this attraction. Also, beware: If you have a Groupon, be prepared for them to charge you sales tax on top of what you already paid for the Groupon when you get there. Who does that?! We paid $1.58 in sales tax for the two person pass. I'm pretty sure they got charged more by their credit card service company to run our card than they got from us in the transaction! (To be fair, it DOES say it on the Groupon deal now that I went back and looked for it in the fine print, but considering that that's not very common and will be something that annoys your customers when they get there, you'd think they'd make it a lot more easy to notice in the first place!)Anyway, once you go in, you quickly walk through about three very small rooms that each have an interesting optical illusion going on. Then you go through a curtain into the maze itself. Once you make it out of the maze though, you're done. It's over. You're back in the lobby. I think it took us about five minutes to go through total. Maybe less, I'm not kidding. Technically you can go through it as many times as you want in a day, but would you? Most people won't. Maybe little kids would want to, but also know that they don't have much seating for any parents planning on waiting around while the kiddos do their thing, so don't plan on hanging out here comfortably for very long.To be fair, the optical illusions that they do have are really good ones, which almost makes it worse. You truly want more, but are left disappointed. It was honestly a waste of my time and gas since we came from Gilbert to do it. Guess I should have Yelped it first. (And hopefully I would have figured out that the 5 star reviews are pretty suspicious!) IF you happen to already be in about a 10 minute driving range from it, and IF you get a good discount (I think you'll feel cheated at any more than $3 or $4 per person though), maybe you won't leave with a bad taste in your mouth like I and many other reviewers did. But please, please don't bother driving across town just to do this!
1	Very expensive. 50 bucks for the family. A 3 minute mirror maze for 10 bucks a person. Skip it.  The laser was more fun buy 5 tix for the whole family to try once.
1	WOM!  Waste Of Money! 2 adults and 3 kids cost over $50 for a 5 min trip through the maze and 5 tickets to a short laser obstacle course that you had to wait in line for 45 min for one round!  The only one having fun was the owner counting his money from behind the curtain!!Do not go here if you value time and money!
1	Waste of money. Waste of time. Wow! Even paying $12 for two of us with a Groupon, it was not worth it. The laser maze was not included. It was extra. Oh, and be prepared to pay sales tax when you get there!The first five minutes I was thinking it was pretty cool. The mirrors did give an illusion that made it interesting to walk around. However, that was it! Five minutes and we were done. We even walked back through instead of exiting thinking we had missed something! Also, the pictures on the website are a bit misleading. You expect to see brightly colored, well lit panels with designs. There was a design, but it was basically the same all the way through and too dark to appreciate.
1	Waste of money.  The Maze takes 10-15 mins max!  The Laser Maze is beyond lame. Huge waste of time and money!
2	Incredibly lame.  Not even worth the groupon cost.  Their "wall of candy" is a joke too.  Save your moola and go some where else.
3	Did this with a group of friends over the weekend and I have mixed feelings about it. The mirror maze WAS pretty cool.  The downside?  The kids.  Kids pushing past me took away the mystery of where the mirrors were and were not.  I would love to come back if they did adult nights like the science center does.  It's a bit expensive for what it is and the laser maze is a separate charge (we did not do).
5	This place is fun! You can go over & over. Go backwards from exit to entrance! Get different lights, and totally use the glasses! So trippy!! Worth the drive! The butterflies are okay, but Thor maze is way better!
