4	ladies with curls, this is a very cute little place with decent prices and service. eddie is the sweetest stylist AND he knows how to cut curls (he has them). it's tiny and fairly no-frills, but clean and attractive. also right by great bagels, so that's another plus. ;)
5	I've been going to Salon Cercone for a few years now. I am super picky about hairdressers, and tried a bunch out before I found Michael. He's awesome. He LISTENS! : ) I'm sure I'm an annoying customer, but he's patient, and I always leave happy. + I always get zillions of compliments on my hair : ). The Salon is cute, friendly and very well priced! Also, its easier to find parking nearby.
3	I have mixed feelings about Salon Cercone. On one hand, Eddy does wonderful work with curly and wavy hair - the main reason I switched stylists and found him. On the other hand, after being a client for over a year, he suddenly didn't show up for an appointment. I waited for 20 minutes then finally had to leave as my lunch break was ending. The receptionist didn't apologize at the time but kept saying, "I don't know why he's late" though I saw him talk to Eddy on the phone. No one ever apologized or gave a legitimate reason (things happen!). I'm a reasonable person, but I haven't gone back. This breaks my heart because he's such a wonderful guy who does great work, but if I can't rely on a stylist to show up, that's a deal breaker.Also, when I was bleached platinum, I was going in to see Joel for root touch-ups. I told him the first time around that I used toner to create a white-blonde look, yet he didn't use a toner on me saying I didn't need one. After a couple of months, I noticed that the areas he bleached were definitely more brassy than the rest of my hair and no matter what I did, I couldn't tone down the brassiness...so I had to go darker all over. Later, he saw me in the salon with darker hair and asked why. When I explained the situation, he claimed that I'd never mentioned toner. Oy.
5	Gary is great with coloring (blonde). It's a cool, laid back little salon.
5	I am always super weary about going to a new place to get my haircut, as I have had many a bad experience. I have wavy/loosely curly hair that I like to keep cut short, and that combination seems to be lethal for many stylists.I found a recommendation for Eddy on the internet as a curly hair specialist, and I started going a year ago and am so glad I did! He has never given me a bad cut, and even gave me an awesome 'more experimental' style that I had been waiting to try. I'm moving away from Pittsburgh and I wish I could take Eddy with me!(In addition, I recommended him to one of my friends, who has super thick hair with some body, and he also gave her an awesome haircut!)
5	Eddy was recommended to me by a friend since I have curly hair. Pretty much my entire life I'd never done anything with my hair except trim it (cut-wise, I dyed it for a long time), but I decided it was time for a change. I decided to go with a dramatic look and I was very nervous (not sure how well I hid it) but Eddy was super nice and I calmed down quickly after we started chatting. And WOW, he did an absolutely fantastic job! He cut it perfectly to enhance my curls and did everything exactly as I asked (I've had trouble before with stylists ignoring my instructions about cutting my bangs or being too timid about cutting off damage). This is, without a doubt, the best haircut I've ever had. (Though that may change since I'm planning to go back to him later to try more styles!) I wanted a cut that was both feminine and fierce and he nailed it.  I highly recommend Eddy for anyone with curly hair! I also greatly appreciated the student discount.
5	The reviews don't lie.  Eddy nailed it!  I have short curly hair and I am extremely picky about how I have it cut.  He got it right.  Better than right, it''s perfect.  He talks a blue streak, but it was always entertaining.  If you have truly curly hair and you live in the Pittsburgh metropolitan area, go to Eddy.
5	Best Salon in Pittsburgh! I've been going to Eddy for a few years now and he never fails to make my hair look a thousand times better than it does when walking in the door. I have super thick, curly hair and he makes cutting and styling it look effortless. Super talented stylist who is always great fun to talk to! Everyone at Salon Cercone are really nice, and the environment is welcoming and casual. It's definitely a great place for the more laid back salon goers.
5	I've been going to Eddy for years. In fact I am his first paying client. I have followed him from different salons and was so happy when he landed at Salon Cercone. I believe he's been there 8 years or so now. It's a perfect fit for him as a stylist and me as a client.Eddy is a true artist in his craft. I have had every colour, cut and style and then some. Anything Eddy or I could think up over the years, I've worn it. Over twenty years later and I still get compliments from complete strangers on my look. I owe it all to Eddy!The atmosphere is upscale but not stuffy. The staff are a knowledgeable group of extremely talented hair, skin and nail artists. There are many salons to choose from but not many that offer excellence. Salon Cercone is a true Shadyside gem.
