1	If you receive an ad in the mail to go to this place for an open house, don't go! Or go because it is pure comedy. First, you will go thru a tour lead by this little asian guy that swears he is a millionaire. He dresses like a used car salesman and no doubt buys his clothes from the 3 suits for $100 from Mastraonni's Fashion. He will try and show you how you can save so much money on goods that you have never heard of. First example, an old leather jacket. First of all who wears leather jackets in Las Vegas, therefor who knows how they are worth or cost??? Then you get to go look around at other items and they tell you how much they can these items for, what is their proof??? Well the best proof of all, a hand written price on a wrinkled piece of paper...duh! Also, they show you their wall of happy customers, average age 88.5.After reviewing more of these items and this little POS salesman trying to make you feel like you are stupid for ever buying anything at a real store, they sit you down and pressure sales you into buying a $6,000+ membership. The salespeople are so bad they even have to sit down with a list of sales techniques on a paper because they don't know how to sell a good service, mainly because it is a ripoff. Then they try to show you more items, that they have a one time beat both a Craigslist and eBay price. WOW, one time. That is amazing. One time I caught a football but I dont play in the NFL!!! Anyways, the sales trip is capped with a crappy Free vacation certificate. The certificate is completely free, but the trip is at least a couple hundred dollars still...Not worth your time unless you find humor in low class people making fools of themselves. Also, fun to see the people who actually believe these people go OOH and AAH at their hand written prices...
1	If I could give Direct Buy negative stars, I would. What a joke. I agree with Matthew R on this one..if you receive an ad in the mail, DON'T DO IT! Or go knowing this place is a joke and you are there to enjoy the show!I am a planner, a researcher, an analyst if you will. I won't try a new restaurant until I have read the reviews. I won't buy anything until I have researched and analyzed everything there is to research and analyze about it--then when I decide I will buy it, I spend more time finding the absolute best deal I can find.When my significant other (who is not a planner, researcher, or analyst to my extreme) told me, "We got a free cruise. We just have to go to this meeting on Thursday at 6:45", I guess I wasn't really paying attention, or maybe I just didn't take him seriously--my response was, "Ok" and I left it at that. BIG MISTAKE. Little did I know I was in for a grand treat on that Thursday, and I am not referring to the "Free Cruise" we received.We showed up at 6:45 as scheduled. Everyone was very nice and friendly. We had to complete a couple questionnaires about ourselves and our spending habits, and then we were greeted by Melinda, who took us to the back. We sat and chatted with Melinda for a few minutes before our exciting tour began with another saleswoman (I can't remember her name for the life of me--short, middle aged, Hispanic). I should have known something was terribly wrong with this picture when we as a group were told, "do not ask any questions during the presentation". Now, I have to be honest...it was a great sales pitch, and everything sounded kosher during the presentation. We were actually thinking we could possibly save a lot of money...then the price of the "Membership" comes out....$4990 for the first 2 years, and then you can renew each year for $198. The presentation ends, and we are sent to a table so Melinda can "close the deal".Fast-forward 1 hour--I have let Melinda know, "If this is something we have to make a decision on today, I can tell you it is not going to happen. We don't make $5,000 decisions based on 'facts' from a sales presentation. We would like to do our own research, read our own reviews on your product. Make a spreadsheet calculating our possible ROI." She calls for backup, and the presenter comes to our table, and I tell her the same exact thing I told Melinda. Her response? "You can read the testimonials on the wall in the back from Direct Buy members." Um yeah...that's not going to work for me--I let her know that we would like the chance to do our own research...then she replies, "Well I can tell you, you won't find any bad reviews about Direct Buy Las Vegas." (hmmm...funny looks to me like the other 2 Yelp reviews for the "Las Vegas" location are bad--not to mention all of the atrocious reviews from Members and potential Members from across the country). Fast-forward another hour--after the 100th time I explain to Melinda we are not buying today, without our own research conducted, she gets MAD at us!  Like literally threw a temper tantrum, raising her voice at us and all, right there at her sales table in the middle of Direct Buy.Needless to say, we didn't buy. But here are the lessons I learned on that wonderful evening during my tour, and then sitting on my computer when I got home reading the "amazing" reviews:1. Never just say, "Ok" to my sigothers request for me to go to a meeting without conducting my research first. 2. Middle aged women can and do throw temper tantrums like 3 year olds who don't get their way.3. You have to purchase the membership while you are there, or you forego your option to become a member--fact of the matter is, they know anyone who walks out the door without purchasing the membership WILL NOT RETURN to buy one even if they allowed it... as long as they know how to Google and read.My only hope is that the cruise they gave us is not filled with drama, mirroring Direct Buy's finest, Melinda.
5	I have been a member for the last six moths. I took advantage of the housing market and purchased my first home. Wow that not easy. Anyway working with the service staff has given piece of mind. I know that my selections will be able to make my house a home. Then when our economy really starts rolling I will take advantage of the bigger projects that I can really see becoming a reality. thank you DirectBuy. and thank you Tina and Erin.
1	Direct Buy solicited me at the June 2013 First Friday event downtown. I fell for the pitch...and signed up for them to contact me. Everything looked good especially the part about saving money for name brand stuff. But things came to a screeching halt when they called me back 4 days after signing up, which just happened to be about 60 seconds ago as I'm writing this. They have an archaic policy that if you are married or have a significant other that they must be present on your first visit. Well, in our relationship we have our areas of expertise, and one of us will check things out and then if we like it then we bring the other into it. I flat out told the Direct Buy rep that I refuse to accept their archaic, asinine, and dare I say it downright sexist policy.There is no deal out there that warrants changing what works for me and my family. Kinetico tried the same stunt to sell us a water softener in that they want to do the full court press and if the man won't go for it, they'll persuade the woman to do it. Sorry...I don't do high pressure sales tactics nor will I put my family into that kind of situation. This review will be monitored. I signed up for their list, I got called by their direct marketer, I had a direct experience with Direct Buy, and if this negative review gets yanked I will be on this with lightning speed.
3	Direct Buy has reached out to me and clarified their policies. I understand that they are limited on the amount of people they have available to take potential customers through their show rooms. We are all time and resource challenged these days. But they have graciously agreed to let me take a look and they relaxed the policy that I complained about in my earlier post. Now I just need to schedule some time to go and see what they have to offer.Regardless of how that experience goes I still want to say Thanks for taking the time to call me back and to clear things up. Star change from 1 to 3...we're going to split it right down the middle and see where things go from here.
4	What can I say I'm a big fan and supporter of DirectBuy. The location is Vegas is an average size for location. An amazing selection of just about anything you could want to buy for your home. The prices really can't be beat by anyone. The initial membership is a chunk of money, but if you plan on spending $10k on furniture, electronics, appliances, home improvements or furnishings in the next 5 years you could just about break even. From then on the minimal annual maintinance fee is well worth the savings. The only problem I have is everytime I get online or look at Club Exclusives I have way too much stuff I feel I need to have. The owners and staff here are very friendly and great to work with as well. I've met the wharehouse guy quit a few times & he's always very helpful with my orders. If your want to redecorate or buy some furniture for you new home, check this place out.
5	Ok so I was a little bit skeptical about this place. But am I sure glad I have this place a chance. The showroom is very nice.  I've been wanting to redo my house for the longest. I've never been able to get around it. As soon as the market ca lapsed I put everything I was originally wanting to do on hold. Now that things are getting better  I'm still worried about spending money. I'm the type of person that save for a rainy day... Signing up with Direct buy was the smartest thing I've done for myself in a long time.  Already estimated my costs and I'm going to be saving a whole lotta money! I'm excited. Thank you direct buy it's been a very pleasant experience.
4	DB South LV staff's are  helpful and good place to shop. Just shopped recently, the items I got were tremendously less expensive than going to a regular stores.  But there were items that i liked and they were  discontinued, that's a bummer.  Will be shopping more coz I can save money and get better quality.
4	We love direct buy pricing. For lower prices direct buy is the way to go.  The ordering process is tediousand confusing.  Every time we have gone we always need to find an associate when we are ready to order. The associates friendliness varies depending on who you get.  Today we worked with dave and he was friendly and very helpful.  We would definitely work with him again.
1	I cannot believe how disappointed I have become in this company. This comes from a person that was excited to join DirectBuy at first. In my opinion, the service is horrible and absolutely not worth the over $8000 total investment you will make to join and maintain your membership. On a recent comparison I made on three items of furniture, DirectBuy was only going to save me a total of $150 vs. RC Willey and with DirectBuy it was going to take 10 weeks to get while RC had it in stock and could deliver it within a day. Not good.I also looked at a few 42" TV's and DirectBuy was higher on 3 out of 3 models that we priced out. Yes they will still beat the price with their "pricing promise" but so will most retailers and you do not have to pay them a huge membership fee.  We also priced out a replacement  Moen faucet for one of our bathrooms and DirectBuy's price was $8 higher than Home Depot and $12 higher than Lowe's.  Again in my opinion and based on my experience, I would be very wary of joining DirectBuy of Las Vegas at this point. At the same time I have always said that instead of believing in what other people say you need to check things out for yourself.  If you go down to DirectBuy be sure to bring 5 or more exact examples of things you would like to buy over the next few years.  Have them price them out. Make sure they include the price of the item, freight, handling and sales tax when they give you a final price. Have them put in it writing like any reputable retailer would.It is a shame.... good concept, horrible execution.
5	Don Tobin the warehouse manager is the BEST! This man goes out of his way to keep customers updated on orders, assist with delivery and pickup,  and answer any qestions that come up. I felt like I was stepping back in time to my childhood when it seemed like all businesses cared about their customers and wanted to go the extra mile! His attention to detail is uncompromising. I have purchased through Direct Buy and had items sent to Las Vegas for pickup or delivery for a few years now and I feel like I have a "partner" in Don as he conveys genuine interest in helping people get what they need. Thanks DON TOBIN!!
