3	If you happen to be spending your day across the street in the courthouse - or in the vicinity for any other reason - and have the chance to make a break (past those obnoxious metal detectors), then Esposito's is a decent choice.  They even have daily specials.  I don't know if they vary, not having been in the area often enough to tell, but when I have been there they are something like two slices and a drink for a few bucks.The slices are a pretty fair rendition of a New York-style pizza, and if you can get there early enough (meaning in front of the rest of the mob trying to get their food and get back to the courthouse), then it comes out fairly quickly.  If you get stuck in the middle - or worse, at the end - then it may be a bit slower, but even worse, you have to wait in a line that doesn't move very fast at all.As a nice bonus, they also have a decent cannoli - possibly even better than some of the bakeries in the area.  Though I don't think the shells are freshly made in-house (I could be wrong), it tasted better somehow.  They would have been nicer with something other than chocolate chips from a bag, but hey - you can't be too picky, right?There are also other items on the menu, but since I've only been there once, I can't really speak to them.  They do take cards, which is nice since you don't have to have cash on you.
4	I will wind up eating way too many slices from this place.It reminds me of solid but no frills slice joints in NYC.  A lot of these decent pizza places are fungible, but that does not make them bad.Go here for good, journeyman, working class slices and a soda.   You really can't go wrong.Now if only they would quit using those damn styrofoam cups...
3	Not bad, not bad. Crust suffers from cracker factor but the cheese is solid, salty and greasy, sauce is barely there (as in, just enough).Slices are 2.25, which, not coincidentally, is the cost of a one-way fare on the NYC subway. Sodas a little watered down, but passable. Got a salad last time we were here expecting a styro frisbee with some iceburg and a squishy grape tomato or two - got a pile of fresh romaine, some cukes, carrots, maters that had quite possibly not been kept in the fridge, hey hey, for 3 bucks. House dressing is meh. If they're serving grits here, they probably have decent Ranch, stick with that.Brekkie, eh? Bare bones, but looks ok, and seriously affordable. Plus these dudes deliver to P/M and Chantilly, score!! Which reminds me - we get the picture, Esposito, no more door hangers, please.
5	We just ate at the new location by Matthews and all I can say is amazing!  This is true NJ pizza!  We've been looking for pizza like this since we moved from NJ and I'm thrilled we found it.  The crust is perfectly thin, cheese is good and salty and the sauce is light and tasty.  This place is a must try for anyone from Jersey.
4	So, I really liked Esposito's.  An unpretentious take-your-slice-and-go kind of place.  They hit the spot for what I was looking for on that particular day - greasy, tasty cheese, light and sweet sauce, and the crust... well it was unremarkable which is why they get 4 stars instead of 5 but I got two healthy (which means unhealthy) slices of cheese with a fountain sierra mist for 5 bucks.  Nice.  I'm thinking next time I'll try the cannolli.
4	Good sit down lunch of baked ziti and meatballs. I had a refillable Fanta Orange too. It really hit the spot. I was in & out in 30 minutes. I have to say that even though the restaurant is very spartan that the food is cheap, hot & hits the spot in a reasonable amount of time that's perfect for a potential juror.
1	Closed as per the handwritten sign in the window
