5	This is Pita Jungle's first day open at the new Ahwatukee location. I stopped by for takeout, and despite the fact that this place was brand-new, service was great and the Lavosh Shawarma Wrap was wonderful! Highly recommended.
5	Pita Jungle is incredible! Every location I've been to is clean, professional, healthy! A HIGH Recommend!
5	I love this place!  Been waiting forever for them to come to Ahwatukee!!!  Went for lunch today and was seated immediately.  Had the fire roasted chicken and it was amazing!  Fast service and food very hot and fresh!  Shelby is the best server and Tatum is the sweetest hostess!!!!
4	So happy that Pita Jungle has arrived in Ahwatukee.  We had the opportunity to visit them on their second night.  The food quality and taste lived up to Pita Jungle's reputation.  I can't say enough about the Assistant Manager RC.  It seemed that he was always in the right place at the right time to offer some assistance on the floor.  Although part of our order was lost in the kitchen, his attention to detail and assistance made me want to give the location a second chance.  So happy that another healthy eatery has landed in Ahwatukee.
5	Love the steak hummus....Bring it back.
5	I can't say enough about this Pita Jungle and the staff. It was my first time ever going to a Pita Jungle, and my server Kyle was very helpful and knowledgeable when it came to the menu. He made some great recommendations and I loved the food. The hummus, chicken pasta salad, the salmon, chicken combo, salads and desserts were delicious and amazing. The ingredients were fresh and the portion sizes are large, which makes for some leftovers. :)  I am also a big tea drinker and was shocked to learn how many different tea combinations could be made, thanks to our wonderful server. The service was top notch and and we enjoyed the friendly atmosphere. I can not wait to go back again, and I will definitely request Kyle as my server!
4	Nice to have a closer Pita Jungle.This location is missing the Pond they have at the other location past the 101 on Ray Road, but it has a much bigger patio which is always a good thing.  The inside of the restaurant is pretty big and a little more modern than the other Pita Jungles.  The staff was very nice and efficient on my visit.  Since they have only been open two weeks I think that is a very good sign.   This is a busy shopping center so the parking isn't as great as you would assume it to be. A special note to the Minivan that parked in the compact spot next to me, your car is not a compact.Try:- Nachos!- Ginger Stir Fry- Lavosh Pizza - Hummus
5	I can't believe the good fortune of getting a large Pita Jungle in our neighborhood, right next to the movies no less.Good happy hour with a large selection of  $1 Tapas (small plates).  We had the hummus trio & the order of mussels, which comes with 2 good sized mussels in broth. I would only give the mussels a B grade.  I think they could work on the broth flavors.The spicy chicken wrap is chuck-full-o' veggies, beans & rice. Very tasty but word to the wise they do mean SPICY. The chicken as usual is moist and delicious.  Their wraps are huge! You can plan on splitting one, even with the hungriest of dates.The only disappointment was the cauliflower that is suppose to come with tahini oil or sauce, not sure.  It was simply steamed, no extra flavor added.Our server did a stand up job and I love the updated decor along with the long wrap-around bar!Welcome to Tukee Pita Jungle!
5	Ahwatukee we scored!  Yes, a Pita Jungle in our own neighborhood!  Went tonight with husband and some friends, the food AMAZING, the service, EXCELLENT!  A special thank you to Tanisha our server!  She made some great recommendations and answered all our needs tonight!  Welcome to the neighborhood Pita Jungle!
4	This new location is just great. I have to compliment Brody who was my server. She assisted me in deciding on a Cold Tuna Plate that was delicious. I will be eating there quite often.Ron Hourihan480-285-1652www.SMME.com
5	Today was my 4th visit to Pita Jungle since opening and was again served by my favorite waitress Shelby. Always greeted with a big smile and fast attentive service!  Also greeted by the prettiest and friendliest hostess, Tatum.  She always looks so cool! Tried the peanut butter banana smoothie and it was to die for!  Be back again this week for sure!
5	Amazing!!! Try the cilantro hummus and the Mediterranean chicken pita mmmm :)
5	Ahwatukee Pita Jungle is open!!!  First trip was great, went for our weekly girls dinner, server Sam is the BOMB!  I have been to every location in the valley and this one is my fav.  Will be a regular spot for us!
5	We had an awesome girls night out at Pita Jungle this evening!  The dinner, dessert, and coffee was great.  "Server Sam", was so personable, timely, and made an effort to know us all by name by the time we all left.  Was a great experience as it was my first time at any of the Pita Jungle restaurants!  Thanks Sam, we will be back for dinner/lunch again soon! :)
4	My husband and I have been going to ALL of Pita Jungle's locations for over 13 years and the consistency, friendly service and good food was always expected and delivered.Not once have we had a bad experience. Love, love LOVE that Ahwatukee now has their own PJ with AMPLE OUTDOOR SEATING. Best place for fresh, crisp iced tropical tea or a glass of wine. Great art (often for sale) on the walls and delicious pitas...My fav's for lunch are the Chicken Philly Pita (ask them to add mushrooms if you like), the red pepper hummus plate, and the Lavosh Schawarma Wrap. For dinner, their fresh fish dishes are always prepared in some tasty, unique way...love the Mahi Mahi with Pita Chips and the Broiled Chicken Salad is huge and satisfying...yum!Desserts are very tasty too, if you have room for some Baklawa or Carrot Cake.
4	Same high Pita Jungle standards great new spacious location! I'm sure this Pita Jungle will be here for a very long time. As always the service is fast and friendly. The Hummus was smooth and bold; my salad was fresh very developed in flavor. No complaints here... well maybe their prices, but keep in mind I am a little cheap but the food is worth it which is why I keep coming back.
4	Having been to several of the Pita Jungles around the valley (corporate and franchised locations) it looks like the owners have refined their formula for future growth.  While this location lacks some of the funkiness of other, more intimate Jungle spots, it seems this version will be the template for large-scale  Jungle world domination.  The space has ample seating, a good sized bar area and a large patio for Phoenix-style al fresco dining (which,unfortunately, typically means a lovely view of the parking lot). What sets this location apart, however, is Sam!  If you have the chance, ask for this dude to take care of you.  Sam is perhaps the most accommodating server we've had anywhere in some time.  He even handled my mom (the prototypical high maintenance, special order customer) with aplomb and grace.  He was on the spot and his attitude and knowledge of the menu were exeptional. In all honesty, we may have enjoyed his service as much as the meal, which was the consistently fresh and tasty Jungle fare. We have only one recommendation for improvement: please. please, please stop serving gyro meat of the stamped and pre-sliced variety.  Good gyros mean meat shaved off the spit (like those found at Haji-Baba in Tempe). Aside from this soap box admonition, score another win for PJ in Ahwatukee.
5	So happy to have a Pita Jungle in Ahwatukee.  Went yesterday (Tuesday) and it was very busy for a late lunch crowd. Great view of South Mountain from the patio.  We went during happy hour they have tapas for 1, 2 and 3 dollars speaking my frugal language..... the tomato mozzarella.... FRESH and tasty.  Small but perfect for starters. I normally order the fruit and cheese plate served as a meal but we order as an appetizer then I get the pita pizza perfect for kids or for someone that has devoured half a cheese and fruit platter on her own.  For my husbands birthday they let us bring in a cake ( most restaurants will not allow at all or will charge a plate  / serving fee) no singing...... they are not that kind of restaurant....  my husband would have divorced me if people came out singing and clapping happy happy birthday to our guest.  Great experience LOVE the eclectic decor.
3	We were incredibly disappointed with our experience here. We had a friend visiting from out of town and last Saturday decided we'd like to check out a new happy hour around town. We saw that Pita Jungle's happy hour looked pretty promising and waited an extra hour to go out to eat so we could get there at the beginning of happy hour (3pm). Note that this location (Ahwatukee) opened in the beginning of March, and the information on the restaurant website has still not been updated to include this location. We arrived around 3pm and were sort of greeted by the hostess. When we asked for our party of four to be seated on the near-empty patio, she made the "I'm sorry" face and proceeded to explain that all the tables out there are two-tops. The plastic, easily-movable tables. We waited for a couple seconds longer for her to say "Well, I can see if we can work something out."  You do that. Don't think too hard.While we were waiting we looked at the menu and found out that THIS location doesn't do a weekend happy hour. Thanks for updating that website. We almost decided to leave and come back another time, definitely wish we would have done that, but we were pretty darn hungry at this point. After pushing two tables together the hostess came back inside and grabbed four menus, then proceeded to greet another group, then flirt with a co-worker, THEN say "you can come with me" to our party with barely a glance in our direction. We were seated in the very far corner of the large patio, as far away from the door into the restaurant as possible. I imagine this came into play later with our terrible service. Our server came, got our drink and app orders, and did well to check on the apps when we were about halfway through them. Our friend got a strawberry banana smoothie and it was delicious. We ordered the baba ghanoush as we were promised that it was extra smoky, and we love it that way. When it arrived we were surprised to find a pile of lumpy, stringy eggplant that clearly needed another round or two in the food processor. The texture was gross to the point where my SO couldn't eat it, and she is usually crazy about baba ghanoush. It was smoky, however. Our friend ordered the stuffed grape leaves, and they were fine. Comparable to what you would be served at a fast food Mediterranean place - definitely nothing special.For our entree we ordered the black bean burger. We have had the burger once before (take-out from the Arcadia location) and liked it, but it is SO mushy and hard to eat as a burger. It just falls apart very quickly. We like the cranberries in the burger, very nice touch. The toppings both last time and this time were disappointing - the onions were cut so thickly that the taste of onion took over and it was hard to enjoy the burger. The tomato slice was incredibly thick and included part of the hard center near the stem (again, both last time and this time) and we had to do a lot of doctoring to enjoy the toppings. Here is where we started to be severely unimpressed. While we were eating our entrees, our server was no where to be seen. Not once did she return to the table until about 15 minutes AFTER we were finished eating. During the meal we had to ask a hostess to refill our four empty waters, and then another server to refill another one later on. At the end of the meal, after we had been sitting for quite a while, we finally had to ask another server if our server was still around. She replied "Well, I hope so!" and went to find her. It should be noted again that this was about 4:00 on a Saturday afternoon. It was NOT busy and there were plenty of waitstaff. Our server eventually showed up looking a little sheepish and took our plates. We asked for the bill and lo and behold, it took another five minutes to get the bill out to us. We didn't even consider waiting to have her come back outside to pick up the credit cards - we just walked them into the front desk. We had written clearly on the back of the receipt how much should go on one credit card and how much to put on the second. After waiting for the hostess to track down our server to run the cards, we got them back to find that she had gotten the amounts correct, but the cards switched around. Really? Really?Yeah...we won't ever be coming back. Left feeling disappointed and frustrated at having spent any money on this dining experience.EDIT: Changed to three stars. After our last review we were contacted and given $25 credit at the Ahwatukee location. We returned for happy hour since that was our original plan. Our server was fantastic, very attentive and positive, fun to talk with (didn't tell them about our credit until the end). We had a hard time spending $25 at Happy Hour with all the $1-$3 tapas. Good margaritas for $3.50. We had all the vegetarian tapas and they were delicious. The only thing we'll still be staying away from is the grape leaves -unimpressive both times. We'll be back, but probably only for happy hour.
5	This is one of the new locations, love the "newest".  The server was awesome!!!  I ordered the hummus with chicken.  It was good.  Why 5 stars?  The server refilled our drinks into togo cups when we are getting ready to leave.  +++++
2	Much like Sam A. (4/12/2012) we had an incredibly disappointing experience with the food. Our server was better and more attentive, hence 2 stars instead of 1.To start with we found the Spanakopita to be incredibly salty, like they used a tbsp instead of a tsp. My wife ordered the Broiled Chicken Pita which I have had before and is good, but this time it was a disaster. The chicken was cold and the pita was cold and stiff. It got sent back and we got a new one which was better but still not as good as the Chandler location that I have eaten at before. I ordered a spicy chicken lavosh wrap. Now I love spicy food, but besides being spicy, this had absolutely no flavor. It seemed as if the mix had been marinating for a few days killing off any flavors that the beautiful ingredients should have had. Again very disappointing.Not sure if it is because this is a new location or a large location for them, but I have experienced much better, and the food quality was so far off their standard it makes me hesitant about ever going back. It is not complicated food so it shouldn't be that hard to get it right.
5	This place is excellent!  The only negative I can say is they are popular but, they do get through the lunch crowd pretty quickly.  Excellent portion sizes for the money.  Their happy hour prices are crazy good!  Great place to meet up with a g/f for a casual catch-up.
5	Awesome place...fantastic food! This is the best Pita Jungle yet! One suggestion...the happy hour is from 3-5pm. That's great if you're a high school student or unemployed...however, if you're neither of the previous, their happy hour doesn't suit you well.
1	new location, same horrible service!! they just can't get it right!!! Food was sub par because it took so long to get quality service. They go hand in hand. I had to politely remind the staff that there were 4 tables sitting outside still waiting to get greeted. After the poor service & messed up meals, I told the manager the problems and he worked to correct them & was grateful that I said something to him, but u would think it would get better... Nadda even worse! Disappointing experience for myself & son (who is 3). At one point, my son asked to go next door to RA as he was just bored sitting and waiting for juice, ketchup, & his dessert.
4	Overall very happy with this location.I will say straight away that they do have some growing pains--the location has been VERY popular right from the start and it takes a lot of work to grease all the cogs and get a very busy restaurant working properly.The food has been very good--the service slightly lacking. It seems that they should have put more focus on hiring experienced food service workers rather "cool" or "cute" people.I do encourage anyone to try it out--just have a little patience because while the big picture is good, there are "little things" that you need to look past to have a good time. Just give them feedback if something is missed, and they will make it right.
5	Another fabulous Happy Hour.  They have stupid fantastic Happy Hour prices with everything being $1 to $3 a plate.  I love these little plates that make it like doing  Tapas.  My g/f and I had loads of food to share and a glass of wine each and our bill was under $20!  I absolutely LOVE having Jennifer as my waitress - she is FABULOUS!
4	I've never been to this shopping center/Pita Jungle location before and I was really pleasantly surprised! The restaurant was large and very bright and clean. There was a big patio out front that looked inviting even with the 100 degree temperatures! The waitresses were attentive and the Roasted Vegetable Salad with Chicken that I had was really good! The next time I am over that way I'll likely stop in again.
4	Always a classic. Pretty consistent, great prices. good food. The service could improve, though.
5	Eating Pita Jungle is like being blasted off from the mundane world of Valley eating to a fresh, innovative, alternate universe.I highly, highly recommend the Chicken Tikka Masala. Even if the Indian cuisine scares you off, there is something you must realize: by its very nature, Pita Jungle excels at that area of cuisine. The two other people in my party (especially the one who ordered the wood-fired salmon) could not get over how fresh the food was. My dish had flavors that wanted to jump off the plate and right into my mouth.The mountain of positive Yelp reviews for the Pita Jungle locations in the Valley is a testimonial. It might just be the best fast casual restaurant in Ahwatukee and west Chandler.
4	We ventured out for a bite and decided on Pita Jungle. We were greeted very nicely by the hostess.  There were quite a few open tables inside and outside, but the wait was 15-20 minutes...?  We asked to be seated outside and were taken right away.For a party of five (three adults and two children) we had plenty of room on the patio.  Our server was nice and made a suggestion or two.  We opted for drinks and appetizers, we wanted to catch RA for sushi.  Our choice of appetizers were delicious, the tri-flavor hummus plate, falafel platter and mozzarella tomato and basil plate.  We had an odd feeling throughout our meal and couldn't place what it was.  Then right before we left we realized there wasn't any music outside!?!Overall we had a nice experience and would recommend trying their great items.
4	Love Pita Jungle!! Absolutely request Samantha..she is an amazing server!!
3	Went for lunch and had the chicken curry salad. It was solid, but a very mild curry sauce. We also had the falafel platter, which included two very dry pieces of pita. It was ok, but nothing to rave about.
5	I have visited all of the east valley locations of Pita Jungle in my many years here in Tempe. I am super impressed with the management of this location. The staff is super friendly (which is typical of all the locations), they look hip (of course) but the best part is they are on top of it! I have not had to wait long here. There always seems to be enough employees, even when it is super busy.The actual restaurant is artful and visually pleasing, full of fun and whimsy. The bikes on the ceiling are fun and the colorful wall above the kitchen are my favorites. There is a lot of room which is helpful since I have small children. I enjoy the menu, which is consistent with all locations. The hummus cannot be beat anywhere. It truly is the best available I have ever had.  The kids meals are so nice. I love the options for the kiddos. It helps kids feel like they have a say in what they eat but all of the options are healthful. I don't have to lie and omit options from their choices. It's great! The most touching thing about this location is the management went above and beyond to consider the families with kids and had a small basket of toys the kids could pick from with their meal. It actually was a "happy meal" for all. Just such a treat. Thank you for providing a wonderful dining experience!
4	Very cool laid back vibe. Everyone is very nice and personable. The Red Pepper Hummus is very tasty ( ask for an extra pita) We had a Gyro and Stir Fry with Shrimp. Both were very tasty. We will be back!
5	An angel from heaven was sent to earth to open a restaurant named Pita Jungle. Amazing Grace, how sweet the [ lental salad ],That saved a wretch like me....I once was lost but now am found,Was blind, but now, I see.Blasphemy? You can't judge me!
3	It took over 10 minutes to even get greeted. We watched people that sat down after us receive drinks and have an order taken before anybody showed up. Even after we had mentioned that we needed to see a server   Disappointing :( I'll go back in hopes that it was growing pains since it just opened. But.....
2	I wouldn't say that the service was unfriendly but where was the service? Coming in was okay, and we sat outside so maybe that was our own undoing. I always feel when you sit outside, the waiters forget about you or something. It was so lovely out we didn't want to be cooped up inside though. The timeline went as follows:-Drinks were ordered, took at least 10-15 minutes to get our basic order. Longer for the booze, it came a little before the meal and the waiter had to be reminded.-We ordered several tapas since the waiter pointed out that they were having happy hour specials. They never arrived.-They were busy but the wait was so long for food we eventually ended up trying to find our waiter to see if they had forgotten about our order. -At long last the food came and we had to remind her we had ordered tapas and we had wanted them before the meal. So we ended up with tapas with our meal which was ideally ordered to go with the drinks.The falafel platter was a little disappointing as is the case whenever I order it from here. For some reason they always over-fry the balls leaving them too hard. Nothing really beats Haji Baba's or Elie's Deli.
5	I have enjoyed going to Pita Jungle on a regular basis for a couple years but the last several times, I've gone to the new Ahwatukee location and have been more than pleased. It has a great ambiance, very friendly staff and fair prices. The servers are hard working and always tentative to your needs. If we have ever had an order come out wrong (which is VERY rare), the manager RC and GM Christine have been awesome in making sure we are taken care of and our experience is positive. We actually went yesterday with the kids and had Devon as a server...she did an excellent job! No matter what we order on the menu, it's always delicious. Some of our all time favorites are: baba ganoosh, hummus, mediterranean chicken salad, veggie & portobello mushroom burgers and the pesto lavosh turkey wrap!  I would highly recommend eating at Pita Jungle...specifically at this location.
3	I usually love going to Pita Jungle.  I have frequented both the Apache location and the location in Glendale.  But last night I took my husband to the one on Ray for the first time since it had opened.  I had actually been there two days prior with my family.  I noticed on both occasions that the manager was walking around and making snide comments about the employees.  Huffing and puffing while standing at one of the computers.  Yesterday, though, we walked over from the theater and I heard the manager on the phone standing in the empty patio seating area complaining to someone quite loudly about the staff, again.  This time someone was just standing around when they should have been prepping their station, someone else was late coming back from a break.  I know things like this happen, but it doesn't make me feel very good when the manager feels so poorly of the staff.  I think it would have been better if he would have taken the call in the back ally, maybe in an office..but not some where that incoming customers can hear him.  I just didn't expect that every time I went there I would hear him complaining.  I'll go back...but because of the food....not the management.
3	I'm sort of torn on this review because when I went to Pita Jungle a few weeks ago pats of it were really good, and other parts were really bad.First off I guess I'll start with the bad. I went with my BF around 1:30, the lunch rush seemed basically over, there were a good amount of people in there though. When we walked in it took about 5 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us and to get seated. It looked like the manager was standing around chatting with employees. Another 5+ minutes went by and a girl came and took our drink orders, a different girl brought us our drinks then she said she would get our server. 10 more minutes went by and I was wondering what was taking so long since they weren't very busy and she came over and asked us for our drink order, once she saw we had our drinks she took our food order an that was basically the last we saw of her. Yet another girl brought us our food and no one came over for re-fills or anything which was disappointing. Our "waitress" did come back to give us the check and ask how everything was. We didn't tip very much since we had like 5 different girls help us..or something like that.Now the good! The gyro was amazing, a great portion that I could barely finish. My BF got falafel that was also great. Loved the atmosphere and the "feel" of this place. I'll definitely go back and try to see if the service is any better. If the service wasn't so terrible this place would be a solid 4 stars! Worth a try for the yummy food...but still, so unimpressed with the professionalism here..or lack there of.
5	I absolutely love pita jungle the service is always pleasant and the waiters are so helpful and educated on the food and menu. The food is amazing! Always fresh and tasty. Iv been to three different locations and I'd say I'm very happy with all iv been to. If your coming for lunch I'd suggest getting here a bit before noon or call for take away because they get busy! Also prices can run a little high but definitely worth the treat :)
5	We love all the Pita Jungle locations but this one on Ray Road has become our favorite. the Chicken Del Sol is amazing, the wraps and salads are realllly good. the only thing better than the food is the amazing service.,
3	I've been to two other Pita Jungle locations, and was excited that one finally opened in Ahwatukee.  I've been here six or seven times, and the food quality has not been up to snuff.  Last night I ordered the portabella burger.  Portabella was overdone, shriveled, with no taste, and the garlic potatoes, which I usually can't get enough of, were inedible and left on the plate.  Last time here I ordered the chipotle black bean burger, which was fairly tasteless.  My husband got the ginger noodles on both occasions, and they were fair.  Service at the bar is good, but I don't think we will be back here soon.
4	As a Lebanese-American that moved to Phoenix 2 years ago, from Los Angeles via Chicago,  I've been very disappointed with the selection and quality of Middle Eastern.....oh .....uhum ."Mediterranean""  restaurants in the area.  I finally made it to my neighborhood Pita Jungle.  The location is excellent, right next to a movie theater and other restaurants and shopping.  The restaurant itself, is large and airy and is very hip.  The service was OK, friendly but needs some work with getting the order right.  To be honest, I wasn't expecting an authentic Middle Eastern food experience.  I ordered the Tabooli (Parsley Salad) and a side of Hummus and a side of 3 falafels.  I am pleased to say that I was surprised how good the Tabooli was. Very authentic.  I asked for a side of olive oil and lemons. I like it extra lemony.  The humus was excellent and very flavorful.  The falafels on the other hand need some work...They looked overcooked (falafels are supposed to be a medium brown, and these were almost black). The mixture needs work, maybe a hint more garlic.  The pita bread was warm and tasty.  Overall I was pleasantly surprised and will definitely try it again.
5	This is a great location for Pita Jungle.  I love the fact that there's a comfortable outside patio.  Service was fast, and the menu is great, like all the pita jungles in the valley.  I got the black bean burger, which was delicious, but hard to eat since it was loosely packed.  Next time, I'll get a real burger.  Their food is always great, refreshing and well presented.
3	Pita Jungle is awesomeness! The only reason I'm giving this place three stars is because the last time I ate here my lettuce had fruit fly on it. YUCK! The Gyro's I had before the fruit fly experience were tasty.
5	Excellent food, and great service. The portions were large and very tasty. We had the 3 hummus and chicken, and spanakopita which were both excellent and the Mediterranean plate was huge and great. Kind of an American-Southwestern-Middle Eastern fusion kind of place and vegetarian friendly. My new favorite restaurant for when I visit Phoenix.
5	Was there with my daughter the other night and got the chicken pasta salad. Not sure what they did different but it was seriously the best chicken I think I have ever had!  Super moist and garlicky!  I love pita jungle and not just because my daughter worked there and all the staff are fabulous and attentive!  Ask for Valerie when you go,she is my favorite waitress!
2	I am a huge fan of Pita Jungle but the Ray & I-10 location just doesn't seem to have their act together.  I have had to send food back several times - cold steak, super salty, there was even a metal piece from a scouring brush in my daughter's food once.  Sometimes the food comes out super fast and fresh, other times its cold and the pita is hard.  So if you are going for PJ, go to Indian School or Ray & Dobson...they are way more consistent.
4	I really liked Pita Jungle. Our server was very sweet, she was very helpful when I asked for suggestions, she also made my entree a special custom order (which I appreciated and she encouraged). The food tasted good and I would definitely come back. The bf ordered the chicken pita with the greek pita and I ordered the "Pesto Lavash Turkey Wrap" but substituted the turkey for chicken (upon her suggestion).
2	Firstly, I was so excited that a Pita Jungle opened in Ahwatukee. I have been going to the Chandler and Tempe locations for many, many years and was always more than willing to make the drive because I love it there. Until recently, I was frequenting the Ahwatukee location on average of 1 - 2 times a week to meet friends for lunch. However, the last four times (in a row!) that I have been there, the service was abhorrent, and the food sub-par. Here are some basic, common sense rules of thumb that the Ahwatukee Pita Jungle wait staff should learn to adhere to:1) When customers order appetizers, soup and an entree, a waiter/waitress is supposed bring the appetizer out first, then the soup, then the entree. They aren't supposed to bring it out all at once and crowd it onto the table allowing most of what you ordered to get cold. This happened the last three times I was there. 2) It is absolutely disgusting when you see a waitress wiping down tables then, without washing their hands, turn around and pick your glass up by the freaking brim and refill your drink. NASTY! 3) It really shouldn't take 3 people to wait on a table of two. Especially when wait staff cannot effectively communicate with one another. Things inevitably get screwed up. It isn't a confusing job - I waited and bartended for years and have infinite patience and respect for those in the service industry, but Jesus H Christ, where do they find the staff here? The other locations aren't like this!Anyways, I could keep going, but why bother? Don't waste your time at this location. the Chandler location on Ray and Dobson is only 10 minutes away and it is soooo much better!
4	Had to wait a little for a table.  The first time we were seated was right by the open kitchen.  It was so loud that we asked to be moved.  We had to wait again for a new table.  The waiter wasn't overly friendly or helpful.  (In fact he spilled one of our glasses of wine.  He right away brought over a new glass (in case the first one had a crack in it) but didn't bring a replacement of the wine until we asked and even then he brought like 1 oz.  I'm sure more than that spilled and it seemed rude not to just replace the entire glass of wine.)  I had a cucumber cocktail that was so good I had two.  Also, we shared the sampler of hummus that was delicious.  For my meal I ordered the caprese plate with pita chips.  It was amazing.  Really, really good.  My only complaint is that it only came with 3 wedges of pita chip.  I needed more and was charged $2.99 for a small plate.  Darn!  If the food and drink weren't so good I would never come back!  ;)
5	We had a great experience at this Pita Jungle!  We love the food and the atmosphere.  We had great service and what an affordable Happy Hour from 3-5PM Monday -Friday.  I really enjoyed the Pineapple Margarita's!!!
4	Great happy hour and really good healthy food! The California wrap is my favorite. Try the trio of hummus and mini tapas during happy hour.
4	So some for their lunch time crave hamburgers or sandwiches, but me, sometimes I crave pita bread & shawarma with tahini  and arabic pickles. Some coworkers where headed to Pita Jungle for lunch and I thought it would be  perfect time to try them out, get what I was craving and see how they are, so I placed my order.I ordered the chicken shawarma pita with tahini & garlic sauce, pickles, tomatoes, onions & some mixed greens, Omg it was just what I wanted. The garlic sauce was not too over powering but you could tell it was there. My friend makes the best garlic sauce made with 40 cloves of garlic it's my favorite stuff, but for days you just sweat out garlic , but keep the vampires away, but this garlic sauce, it was perfect, hint of garlic to let you know it was their but not enough to offend anyone near you.  The pita bread was the perfect texture and the chicken was perfectly seasoned and cooked. This was a good shawarma pita wrap.Happy to add Pita Jungle to my lunch rotation.
5	I read some of the two star reviews and still can't figure it out.  I think this place is great!!!  Fantastic service, some great vegetarian food in Ahwatukee (finally!!!!) and there is absolutely  nothing for me to give it anything other than 5 stars.  The waiter was very fast and friendly, the atmosphere was pleasant, and overall the food was excellent.  I lived in the Mideast years ago and I love falafel...you can't find good middle east food in my neck of the woods...at least not until now. I'm sooo happy they're here; it beats Chinese by a long shot!!!
4	I'm craving this food right now.This location has an awesome expansive dining area - great for groups.Our server was ah-may-ZING!And probably the best baklava I have EVER had.So glad it is next to my office!
5	Really fast service, even during a really busy time. Great specials, always something to eat/drink that's worth trying. Their happy hour is nice, but their prices are low to begin with. All around super convenient but really tasty!
5	One of my favorite local places. I love the Shawarma, Philly Chicken Pita, and Pesto Lavosh Turkey Wrap. The Happy Hour that starts at 3PM is really good, with Hummus for a dollar, and Falafel for $2. It has a good local restaurant atmosphere.
1	We have eaten here a few times. The food is ok, it's healthy. The workers are friendly.  The place is clean, ok. The prices are high for the sizes. There aren't many ingredients on most dishes, they are simple so I feel the price is a bit high for what you get. My 1 start is because 2 times I called in food to go late at night. When I get home my chicken was uncooked inside. It was cold like if it was frozen before. One time is not good, twice is unacceptable!
4	I recently had my baby shower party here in their back room (I was so happy they had a room all to ourselves!) and I was very, very impressed with their service!My girls arrived at 10:30 to setup since we had it starting at 11am and the staff was friendly and helpful even with helping carry things in.  Our server, Valerie, was very attentive, sweet and quick.The place itself is very cute and since it kind of went with my theme of 'natural/wildlife', it was an ideal setting... all the decor was spot on and we had very little to decorate for the event (the back room is very well decorated in that sense).We hosted Sangrias and Tea/Lemonade as well as Appetizers and Lavash Pizzas (basically everything) and with the 10 girls, it came out to $13 a person which was pretty perfect, especially since it included alcohol (the girls ordered whatever drinks they wanted).  The girls afterward said they had a great time, especially since the pizzas were so good (and the sangrias)... I'm happy they liked the food.This was a great place to host a party and the price point was perfect, too... decor was in-line with our theme and the staff was 5 stars!I recommend this place :)
1	I had lunch there on Friday with my wife. She had a roasted chicken salad that looked good. I ordered a philly cheesesteak pita which had an extra dose of some bad bacteria! Yep, I got poisoned the pita jungle. About 2 hours after lunch and for the next 24 hours, I was spewing even when there was nothing in me to spew! Anyway, I really liked pita jungle until this episode. Sadly, I will not be eating there ever again.
1	Disappointed :( .  Order was from last night.I'm pasting the comment that I sent to PJ on their website below:Ordered a pick up online. 2 mediterranean chicken pitas (1 no onion) and a kids meal. There were 3 issues with my order. My husband went to pick up the order and he was charged for a large soda. He was surprised by this because I don't buy us sodas, he even questioned the cashier and she said "yes, there is a large soda on this order". WRONG. No large soda was ordered, you all owe me $3.00. 2nd problem, both pitas had onion. Your onions are very strong and they upset my stomach. I picked all the onions out of my pita but could still taste them. Husband is complaining that his stomach hurts from his onions, not your fault, I told him "I told you so"... but in regards to my pita, fail. 3rd issue my kids meal fruit was put in the clamshell with 4 HOT items: steamed broccoli, chicken and mac-n-cheese. Who puts fruit in with hot food? When I opened the clamshell the fruit was on the mac-n-cheese and the fruit was "sweaty".3 negatives, my husband doesn't want to stop by the Awhatukee PJ but I am sure we will again. The positive that I would like to share is that there was a good amount of food in the kids meal, my stinker really enjoyed it.I would like a response from either the PJ or corporate. I do want my $3 back for the soda, I am not kidding.Here is a copy/paste of my online order:Order Number1306132353545768Pita Jungle Ahwatukee4921 E. Ray Rd.Phoenix, AZ 85044INFOThis section contains contact and logistical information. Pickup Time9:20 PM Payment MethodPay at time of Pickup Confirm Via phone: (919) xxx-xx19  ORDERThis section contains the detailed order information Qty Item Price2 Mediterranean Roasted Chicken (Shawarma)Instructions: 1 no onion $6.791 Label: BRATKids MealVegetable: Steamed BroccoliChickenGrains & Carbs: Mac & CheeseKids Drink: Pepsi $4.99Subtotal $18.57Sales Tax(9.300%) $1.73$20.30Upon any response from PJ I will update my review.
1	Update. I received a message reply from Bettina (and my name is WINDY, not Wendy) on June 15th  to send my contact information via email which I did. I promptly received the following response from Kevin Berk;Hi Windy,And thank you very much for sending your contact info to us. I will have the manager get in touch with you today and we will make this right for you. Again, we are very sorry for our poor showing. We expect and will deliver a better experience next time.Thank you for your understanding and your patience.  If for some reason you do not hear from them today, please let me know.Best regards,KevinTODAY is Friday June 21st, I have not heard from Ahwatukee PJ and sent Kevin an email that I am very disappointed.This PJ is not worth my time or money.  I wish I trusted the reviews and chose a different option for dinner. This company doesn't care about their customer, charges them for items not ordered and does not refund their money.
5	I am a takeout regular--even though I should eat here more often. The interior is beautiful! I can't live without the Mediterranean chicken salad, cilantro hummus, chicken shawarma pita, the spicy chicken wrap, and the chicken pasta salad.
5	This is the 3rd location I've tried out. Pita Jungle does NOT disappoint! Everything about their food is consistent. The staff is friendly. I wish we had these restaurants in Florida. FIVE STARS!
5	Pita Jungle is one of my FAVORITE places to eat in Ahwatukee! Great food, servers are always fun - super close location! Awesome!!!
3	I noticed the business sign when I was in the area a while back.I had no idea this was a full-blown restaurant with salads, pizza, pita's, etc.  A large restaurant with tables - high and low.  A bar.  I went at lunch at it was packed but I found a place at the bar.The menu has quite a few items of interest.  Since it was lunch - I just got a gyro.The gyro was rather plain and un-inviting - not that good.I'd like to return and try some other things.Service was excellent,
5	Ah, trusty ol' Pita Jungle. I've been here on several dates and with friends and with my dog. At all times I felt like the place had a little hipster vibe. I love the fact that they seemed to be dog-tolerant. I don't dare say dog friendly, as I've hardly seen that in Phoenix, but dog tolerant is enough to impress me in this city. Thanks for always providing a good experience, PJ.
5	I love to eat here. The food is good, light and fresh. Tasty cocktails if you're in the mood and convenient for a date night with the hubby.  My favorites are the tzatziki and the chicken phily pitta.
5	I decided to try Pita Jungle for dinner with a friend one evening. I was initially really unsure because it's not anything close to my normal cuisine, but I figured, why not try something new? I'm really glad I gave it a shot! My salmon was great and the pineapple margarita was definitely worth going back for. I also tried their jalapeno hummus and have nothing but good things to say about it. I will definitely go back!
2	I don't know why Pita Jungle is so popular. The food is expensive and it's somewhat bland.I had a portobella burger that was OK, although somewhat tasteless. The best part about it was the grilled red pepper on the side. Some bland potatoes didn't help. My partner had a trout salad. The fish was kind of smelly which indicates it was too old. I have eaten here several times and have never been impressed. There are many Mediterranean places in the valley that have far better food and they are way cheaper.The building has no sound dampening so the eating area is extremely loud. People start yelling at each other in order to be heard so the din was annoying and uncomfortable. I had a tough time hearing my partner or the waiter. There was so much noise I was afraid I was going to get a headache. As for atmosphere -- it was industrial and not pleasing. They should call it a Concrete Pita Jungle.
4	Visiting from Cali, had dinner with some friends who lives in Maricopa.  From the moment you walk in, your nose is tickled with the fantastic smell from the open kitchen!  The four of us shared 2 appetizers; mediterranean antipasto platter and the cilantro jalapeno hummus...we almost fought to lick the plates.  Then my husband and I shared the falafel pita and gyro pita, deconstructed style...the falafel was phenomenal!  Nothing negative to say about this place.  The decor was unique, kinda street-art esque.  Wish we had one of these in Cali!
4	I go here when I feel like eating something healthy. Yesterday I had the falafel salad which was very good and filling. It came with two pita's that I barely touched and didn't quite finish the salad either. The atmosphere is bright and clean. The aromas are mouth watering. I prefer this location to the other Ray Road one because its newer and cleaner.
5	I always love going to Pita Jungle. The food is fresh and the menu has great variety. The reason my family goes there is because it is one of the healthier restaurants in the valley. The restaurant is also very spacious and has modern decor. It is clean and has a comfortable, social atmosphere without being too noisy. There is reasonable pricing and even though it is crowded, the wait is minimal. Pita Jungle has a great environment, great food, and is always my go to restaurant.
4	I have always been a fan of Pita Jungle. Their food has never let me down, especially their hot pitas! My top pick is the Mediterranean Roasted Chicken (Shawarma). You can get the roasted potatoes for an extra .99 cents. They're not bad, but not my favorite.  The staff is very hipsteresque, but extremely friendly. You always get a warm welcome when you come here. They have a lot of art on their walls that's for sale supporting local artists. This place has a great bar with some great beers on draft. Great place for a nice meal!
5	Summary: delicious food, relaxed atmosphere, attentive and friendly staff....and as someone who has a lot of kids to feed, it is cheaper then McDonalds to feed them and so much healthier!We have tried many of the dishes and my favorite is ole faithful, the gyro. You have to spurge for a side and get their broccoli. Steamed is great but their seared is just ridiculous.  They have great drinks too for dinner, drinks and a movie. They have a pineapple mixed drink that is tasty and potent.
4	I have been here twice with friends from Phoenix while visiting.  Great food.  Nice variety of items on the menu.  Huge seating area indoor and out so never a long wait.  Best sangria I have had in a long time.  Ordered a greek salad this time out and it was great.  Just like back in Greektown in Detroit.
3	I came here a few times I always ordered burgers this time I decided to order Greek salad, however I was very disappointed to find lettuce in a Greek Salad, please google real Greek salad and see if it has lettuceStaff were nice, clean place and nice crowed.They also charged 39 cent for an extra pita. I think it's a little "cheap" not the price but as an attitude. Overall I was happy with others food than mine.Still, I would go back!
4	Today was my first visit to this location.  The location is big but tight.  The outside seating is nice if you are a people watcher!  Inside is decorated with bicycles hanging from the ceiling, colorful lampshades for the overhanging fixtures, painted canvas on the walls.  The bar is made from some sort of metal or tin painted with cartoonish figures and designs.  Seating is tight but comfortable.  The open kitchen and high ceilings bring much space to the restaurant.  All the employees were young and hip with beards and leather jackets and stylish scarves.  The energy was lively and there was music playing but I couldn't tell what.  The volume of the actual room was louder than the music. The hostess was prompt to seat us where we chose.  Our waitress was very pleasant and attentive and smiled often.  Smiles are contagious :)  We ordered the Falafel on a bed of greens , Black Bean Burger (that will make you fart for 3 seconds straight when you get home) with pita instead of bread/bun, Coconut Curry Soup, Caramelized Cauliflower with Tahini, and Brown Rice.  Oh yes, these items were fantastic.  It was my first experience with the cauliflower, and it was amazing.  Big chunks of steamed cauliflower drizzled in spicy tahini with caramelized onion strings in the middle.  I really really like it.  I'm going to make it at home now.  The falafel is something I have had here before and I always liked how Pita Jungle makes theirs.  Can't go wrong with the falafel.  The greens were fresh and abundant.  The black bean burger was good.  It had pieces of corn and cranberry in it so that was pretty rad.  Two of my favs.  The burger is just an average black bean burger though.  And if you are vegan you have to order it with the pita instead of bread/bun (according to the waitress).  The burger comes with garlic new potatoes, which are softened potatoes with garlic.  I like them, such a healthier alternative to crispy, deep fried french fries.  Brown Rice is just brown rice with parsley.  Coconut Curry soup was soooo delish.  My favorite out of everything today.  Creamy curry with chickpeas and peppers and cilantro.  Served with two crunchy pita chips on the side.  LOVED IT.  So good for not making it at home. I gave this location of Pita Jungle 4 stars because the space was a bit tight and I didn't have like an epiphany or anything while eating my food.  I love the Pita Jungle concept of being trendy and hip but also serving fantastic, easy to create, HEALTHY alternatives to the other restaurants near by.  Pita Jungle doesn't break your wallet and you leave with a tummy full.
4	Stopped to have dinner before a movie.We waited less than 5 min for a table. The food was great! We will return!
4	This place is awesome;  everything we ordered was spot on and delicious.  The patio was a nice size but unfortunately had no sun!  They lose a star because they were understaffed and made people wait when there were available tables.  Also they could afford to carry a little better of a beer selection.  I'll definitely be back.
3	So, this was my first time to ANY Pita Jungle location and I found it to be good....But, JUST that....Good.  I had heard many GREAT, stellar raves about this place that I was really wanting and hoping to have my heels topped......But, unfortunately - NOT.  Now, don't get me wrong, the ambiance is cool, the vibe is cool, the service is cool.....the traditional lamb Gyro, was average.  First off, I had to salt the lamb itself a little more than I'd prefer to bring the flavors forward, and the Tzaziki sauce (which I ordered on the side, Thank God) had more sourness hints to it than it should have, and that I've experienced at many other Greek spots (that KILL and take names) on the Gyro I had today.  So, while I probably won't ever go back to PJ (unless I'm forced to by a mob of friends/colleagues), I don't bash its teeth out....I just turn my nose up to it because I know of a much better place that I'll continue to get my Gyro Pita's from - And, that place remains the Champ!...Crazy Jim's - 15th Ave - The Original! :)Take my word for it - I'm ELITE!!! LOLHappy Dining!
5	Fantastic and fresh food.  Just as good as the Tempe out post.  Hard to find this style of food around here.  Fish is always great, and pitas and giros are amazing.  Go here!
4	My friends have been raving about Pita Jungle forever. I don't know how it's taken me so long to get here! We went for happy hour recently and ordered quite the spread...how can you not when everything is less than $3?!The hummus trio ($1) was much less than expected but nonetheless, really good. It was basically a teaspoon of each hummus; even our server agreed it was very little and brought us a second. The jalapeno was my favorite. The baba ganoosh ($1) was soooo good- and there was plenty of that to go around- although I may have eaten most of it myself! We enjoyed the dolmades (2 for $2), and the falafel (2 for $1 were delicious). I ordered the garlic lemon chicken ($2) for myself, and had to shoo away random forks that kept landing it in- it was a very generous portion, so I was nice enough to share a few pieces. Other than the happy hour dishes we ordered, we got a cup of the cocunut curry soup (?) which did not disappoint- in fact, it was so good, we got a second cup!The restaurant itself is quite large inside, but opted to sit outside. The patio is also a nice size and is shaded, which was perfect on this unusually hot winter day.Happy hour is definitely worth the trip, and I can't wait to come back and try some of the amazing looking salads and pitas I saw!
5	I've always heard of hummus and this place but never thought once to give either a serious try. I stumbled in because a friend referred a girlfriend and she wanted to try (thank you Janae). This particular location isn't much on the outside but has a pretty cool environment inside and on the patio especially at night. It's always lively and a little loud, which I love. The waiters/waitresses don't have uniforms so it's got a pretty laid back feel to it. This place isn't just a cool nice hangout though, the food is delicious. At first I was apprehensive to try hummus but I tried both red and green with pita chips which are great themselves (I'll get to those next). My favorite is the red hummus but the green is very refreshing. You've got to try the pita chips, I always see them in the bag at grocery stores and never tried them and still haven't till this day because I'm afraid they won't match the taste/texture of Pita Jungle's. I always get them when I go, a must. They offer them baked or fried. The portions for each meal are pretty good size so expect to take some home. Oh and try the chicken chipotle pizza! It's to die for.  The bad: I've gone to the Tempe location twice now and coincidentally got pretty bad stomachache and ended up hurling both times. It seemed a little dirtier than others but it didn't deter me from going to the other locations because I simply love their food. Five stars because the environment is nice and the food is even better.
3	This is our first visit at this Pita Jungle since moving to Ahwatukee.  As others have mentioned to me, the service and food is not as good as we have experienced at the other locations.
3	3.5Service was okay. It was really busy so the server forgot a few things, but she always apologized. We had ordered hummus with seared ahi tuna. Hummus was okay & the tuna (separately) was okay considering this type of restaurant, but the tuna & hummus was a weird combo. The portion is pretty large. The chipotle black bean burger was the other dish that was ordered, and it was good ($8).
5	Huge fan of Pita Jungle, and this is my favorite of the locations I have been to. The location is in a strip with a movie theatre, sushi bar, book store with a coffee shop, and a couple of bars so you can make a night of it. Oh yeah, and the food is awesome!
5	Another one of my favorite places, especially this location!!! It's right along the lake, so I definitely recommend sitting outside before AZ's summer heat catches up with us! The food is always delicious, and the service is excellent! They come and check on you frequently and your food comes out pretty quickly. For hummus, my recently new favorite is the Jalapeno-Cilantro (not spicy). For entrees I recommend the Chicken Pasta Salad, the Ginger stir fry, or the Broiled Chicken Pita. Honestly though I haven't had anything here that wasn't good.
4	Always get good service. Great, fresh tasting food and lots of options to choose from! My favorite is the red pepper hummus appetizer. It comes with one pita so if you have two or more sharing it I'd recommend ordering an extra pita. Their tzatziki is especially good and fresh tasting also. Their Arnold Palmer is pretty good, but a tiny bit on the sweet side.
3	The food was great, service was a 5/10, but I had a wonderful time!   Most everything was fresh and came out quickly, although I will admit that there were a few mistakes with our entrees.  We didn't say anything, though.  Will I be back?  If I'm in the area, I may try it again!
4	I loooove their chicken shwarma pita. Good quick service during lunch time and friendly wait staff.
5	Great place to eat! Nothing better to say. If you are close to one, I recommend you go there. you will not be disappointed.
4	Food is always good (love the Philly).  Happy hour is 3-6 daily (despite what the website says!) and they have a bunch of tapas for a couple of bucks during that time.
4	Pita Jungle. I am a pita junkie for Pita Jungle. Let me count the ways I love this place:1. It's healthy. There is nothing better than giving your body a shot in the arm of nutrition like you do when you go to Pita Jungle. I love feeling good about eating out.2. It's fun. The decor in every Pita Jungle I've been to (and I've been to a few) is awesome. Bikes for light fixtures? Why not? Rotating chalk art on a giant chalk board? Sure! 3. The employees. Cheerful and helpful employees who are also just cool. So cool I get somewhat embarrassed when I show up in corduroy shorts and a  simple t-shirt. 4. It's delicious. Holy crap is this food good. I dream about their hummus, their lemony vinaigrette, and their lavosh  schwarma wrap.Which brings me to my one criticism: they screw up my order five times out of ten. Whenever I order a lavish schwarma wrap it seems they inevitably confuse it with their chicken schwarma wrap.PLEASE, if the Pita Jungle powers that be are listening, change the name of either your lavosh schawrma wrap or your chicken schwarma wrap so that poor Pita Jungle lovers like me don't get disappointed when we get our order! If they did that (or just stopped messing it up all the time), this review will be updated to a glowing five stars!
1	Lol wtf is up with AZ and shit service?  6 people order food got 1 right!  Good job PJ.   I will say what i did eat was good but no matter its not worth adding stars.  Welcome to the jungle, your going to dieeeee!   Haha
4	Pita Jungle is by far my favorite restaurant in the Valley. I Love the atmosphere at this location and the servers are always friendly. With that being said, nearly every time my family and I have been here, (at least once a week) the server we have isn't very attentive. The only time we really see our waiter/tres is when we order and receive our food. Any time in between that, they pretty much peace out. We do continue to come back though because the food is always amazing and even though the service is not always the best, it's the friendly smile on their face that counts!
3	Ive been to this Pital Jungle many times. Each time, I get great GREAT service. I eat  a little fish, but mostly vegetables. I can't think of another group of restaurants that cater so greatly to that demographic. But, if I were to be honest, EVERYthing on the menu isn't great.  My husband.. who is stricktly meat and potatoes, isn't a fan of PJ. It's like the meat options lack something for him. For a year, I only ordered the Mahi Mahi special. I think that dish, is amazing. That Jalapeno hummus is like crack! I love every moment of eating it. Couple that with some decently cooked grilled fish.. and pita chips... and SALSA.. well I am in heaven. lol A couple of weeks ago I decided to get the black bean burger. It's good. But, I think I ordered it twice because it really does have the potential to be outstanding!  Here's the problem: 1) It's messy .. BUT most things delicious are, so you look past that  because it's on a  fantastic bun... with hummus.. except 2) it's kind of dry. Like the hummus and the bean burger makes it dryer than it should be.. it's missing a good BBQ or some sort of sauce and 3) some grilled veggies on top like mushrooms or something would have been nice.  But the potatoes  that come on the side area also friggin amazing.. so knowing me.. I will order the burger again and doctor it up a bit. Like I said, its a greatly made (and large) veggie burger.. it's just missing the extra to make it outstanding.Other than that one must seriously try: The Jalapeno HummusThe Ahi Tuna and Hummus.. lol Oh .. and did I mention there is crack in the hummus??
5	Gotta love Pita Jungle, they are sprouting up all over the valley and for good reason the food is hard to beat.The food is delicious and they give you plenty of it. Standouts are:-Lavash pizzas (i know pizza at Mediterranean place? but trust me this is the best thing on the menu) Glazed chicken or the chipotle are a must, crispy crust and big ol chunks of chicken.-Hummus is great, red pepper, cilantro/jalapeno and traditional-Gryo, good size portion-Med plate, good sampler platter-Fruit and cheese bowl, good lord this is a bunch of fruit and cheese!So far nothing has disappointed but its really hard not to get the lavash and hummus every time.Atmosphere is really laid back, servers especially (definitively can wear what they want). Nice rotating artwork throughout the place that can be purchased.This location is fairly new, and is open and airy. Next to the movie theater.
3	This is the first time I came here. Good and service was good but my goodness, invest in some shades like your neighboring restaurants or run over to Fry's and buy a few umbrellas.  It's miserable sitting on the patio with zero shade. And when the server even mentions management is aware of the issue but does nothing to improve the comfort of their customers it not good for business. Next time I'll go to the nice shaded Sushi place next door.
2	I had a disappointing dinner at this location.Cobb Salad had dry chicken and lacked freshness  in addition and  especially concerning besides my food order was the behavior of a young lady working the bar. She constantly had her cell phone in hand at all times and even delayed service to her customers while she took and made  personal calls. Very unprofessional and found it unbelieveable that the management allowed it. I and my wife were there on a Thursday for an early dinner between 4:30-5:30pm.The dining area did not protect you from the blindingSun since there were no shades. We had to move to another table in the corner of restaurant.
5	Great staff and environment. I'm never disappointed here! Everything I've tried here has been tasty and for great prices too! The Mediterranean chicken wrap is my go-to! I just had the salmon salad and it was excellent! Their happy hours are great too!!
5	Great service and some of the best food I have ever had. I still remember the first pita jungle in Tempe. To this day one of my top 5 restaurants!
2	My family and I enjoy dining at Pita Jungle for their reverse happy hour (from 9pm to close). We especially like the grilled lemon chicken, hummus, and tomato and mozzarella platter. Last week we stopped in for a late dinner and it took any single server about 15 minutes to come greet us. Many staff members looked at us, and saw that we had not been helped (we did not even have menus) but keep walking. My family loves this location because it is very convenient and the food is always on point (my favorite dish is the macro platter). We are both shocked and upset at the lack of customer service we received during our last visit.
5	AH, the pita jungle where all of the walking mid life crises go to after they sell out, move behind the mountain but also try and convince themselves that they are still hip. Really glad hiding behind the mountain makes driving down to the location on apache too much of a chore.I've eaten in and ordered to go. The food is always good. The staff is always helpful and the crowd is always a little too new money for this lizard. Fun bartender.
3	Good place to go before a movie or after a long day of studying at Barnes and noble (which is unfortunately closing). The service is okay (sort of slow and not super attentive) but I've had some really good experiences here too. I would recommend the hummus trio, chicken lavosh pizza, and the lentil salad. Would not recommend chicken pasta salad (no flavor) or tabouleh. Chicken del sol and black bean burger are pretty good. There's better Greek and Mediterranean food for a much lower price. The place has a hipster and trendy atmosphere, but the meh service and inconsistent food quality are a bust. I would only come here with groups of friends to chat over some hummus and pita bread + amazing lentil salad.
5	Great, fun place to grab some healthy food in Ahwatukee. Double check their specials and the seasonal beers. There's some good stuff here. Also, happy hour is a great time to try out all the apps!
4	The Ahwatukee location is much larger and louder at lunch.  Service was great.  I love the art on the walls.  I enjoyed my cilantro jalapeno hummus and grilled vegetables.  Always been a fan since I went to ASU and went to the Tempe location.
4	Love the mahi mahi entree. The combo hummus (red and green) is amazing too. The Ahwatukee location is clean and fast!
3	Ordered blackbean burger anf falafel salad. Food was ok and lacked proper seasoning. But the ambience and service was really great and worth coming for again.
4	The salmon salad is exceptionally great tonight. The non sweet tropical berry tea is so refreshing and service was outstanding although, i didn't get his name. Tall, dark hair, charcoal gray/black pita jungle shirt with a tattoo on his right arm, something about love cant remember  what it said. The hummus trio was really good too. The pitas get really hard fast. They're nit as fresh as they used to be when they first opened.   Overall, enjoyed the experience. My company was the best.  He was the icing on my cake
4	Excellent choice off the mainstream.
4	It was my second time there. Both times the food was fresh and tasty. The atmosphere is in an open feeling room well lit with natural light.
5	Best tasting pita jungle in the valley!  Fast service too.  I went there the other day with my family during a busy time and we got our food within minutes.  Check it out!
4	This location seems to have better food than the others. However the service here is a little slow. The staff is friendly and we are always sat quickly but once at the table it seems like it takes longer than it should for the server to come around. None the less, this is a great place.
5	Great, healthy food.  Service is always good.  I always get the chicken plate with a side of hummus.  Add an IPA and it is super good.
4	Let me start off by stating that I love fresh food. The people here are, hmmm...unique? Nice, but weird in the "I'm trying to be a hipster" kinda way(I dunno). I like the happy hour food menu because I love eating a bunch of different foods in one sitting and the tapas are fairly priced and just enough. Now, if you're starving order whatever but if you're ordering something other than a wrap be prepared to eat enough to feed 4! Not the cheapest yet not overly priced either.
4	I think I am yelping all the places that I love and/or frequent first. Pita jungle never appealed to me until this location. Now, my household comes here all the time. They have a great happy hour and their food has always been fresh. Also, for all you spicy food lovers out there, Pita Jungle has every popular hot sauce possible. It is great! The staff is wonderful as well (at least the ones I've associated with have been) and they are defiantly healthy. I am glad this Pita Jungle exists. Food = 4.5 stars Service = 4 stars note: this restaurant could improve if they had ranch, TVS, and WIFI.
5	I come to this Pita Jungle occasionally for lunch since it is close to my office. I love the variety of healthy options they offer - fancy salads, wraps, and appetizers. I almost always order hummus, whether it's regular, bell pepper, or cilantro. So good! My favorite salad is the tuna honey sesame salad. It has seared yellowfin tuna, leafy greens, fresh strawberries and mangos, topped with a honey sesame dressing. Awesome!For entrees, I have tried the mahi mahi with pita chips, the chicken del sol, chicken tikka masala, chicken and onion lavosh pizza, and pesto turkey lavosh wrap. Pita Jungle is a good choice for a fresh, healthy meal. They update their menu with different specials so you can always find something new to try.
4	This place is casual and has a large open patio for outdoor seating. Food is priced reasonably and tastes delicious. We ordered quinoa and tandoori chicken... Totally enjoyed our fish and chicken for the night. Service was good as well. In fact we ended going there twice in one week and we ordered gyros the second time... You will never be disappointed with any item on the menu... A must try if you are in the area...
3	Great food, great servers. Mgmt? Not sure. Friday night. 12 open tables and they are making families wait. We actually sat at an open table waiting for them to seat us at an open table??
5	I just love this place. One of my favorites. The happy hour menu is great and the tapas are amazing . Their hummus chicken is off the charts .You can't go wrong with any of them. The atmosphere is so funky and fun. YOU MUST TRY THE PINEAPPLE INFUSED MARGARITA . It is like nothing I've ever had before....simply delicious . We always sit at the bar because the service is great and the girls are so friendly . I will definitely be back.
5	My family eats here at least once a week. The food is delicious and the service is outstanding. Tabor, the bartender, is always on top of things. Servers Joe and Dennis are great too! All of them are kind to our kids-this is our kids favorite restaurant (and they are picky!). The manager, Mike, is always doing a great job making sure the restaurant is running smoothly. The kids meals are a great option! For just $5 you get a huge, healthy meal and a drink. My favorite appetizers are the hummus and falafel. I also really like the baba ghanoush. They have various types of pita too-I prefer the Greek pita. If you are into veggie burgers, you will not be disappointed with theirs. For a great side dish-try the carmelized cauliflower-it is amazing!  If you aren't sure about what to order just ask your server. I haven't had a meal here that I didn't like. Enjoy!
2	We've been going to this Pita Jungle since it opened and it had been one of our favorite go-to spots. Lately, however, the service is not as good, the portions smaller, and the quality inconsistent.When ordering to-go orders we used to be offered something to drink while we waited for our order - not anymore. While dining in, we used to have a to-go offered of whatever we were drinking (tea or lemonade) - no longer the case. A large order of soup to-go now gets you a large container - half full.It just seems as if the details have slipped and what were once "delighters" have been axed from the experience.Bummer.
2	My girlfriend and I stopped in today because we were in the mood for something healthy. I ordered the broiled fish sandwich because I wanted to try something new. Should've stuck with my usual fare because the sandwich is the worst thing I've ever ordered from there. The fish was only cooked and crispy on one side and the other side actually had a fishy smell which I've never encountered with cooked fish before. There really wasn't a lot of seasoning on the fish and was totally overpowered by the dry wheat bun that it was served in. The potatoes also didn't have a lot of seasoning and were very bland. My girlfriend had a better experience with the falafel salad and really liked it. If and when we go back, I certainly will not be ordering that sandwich again, nor anything that's paired with the mahi mahi. Our waitress was excellent and very accommodating.
4	The other night I was walking home from work and I decided to take a different route because of some road construction and crowds. I've never been so glad about a detour! I passed it and stopped in to check the menu. The waitress was so kind and greeted me right away and asked if I wanted to eat. When I told her I was just looking around she immediately offered my a menu to look at and a card to take along. She was so nice I ended up deciding to stay for a glass of wine just based on that. and what a glass of wine! Somehow it turned into a cheese platter and a second glass, and dinner the following night with some buddies. If that isn't a great glass of wine I don't know what is!
