2	Gave this a place go because of their big grand opening sign out front.  As you walk in, the decor is modern with quite a few more upgrades than the typical Pho restaurant.  The food was okay, nothing special.  Here is a breakdown of what I thought about their Large Pho Ga.   Broth - 2 stars, White pepper overload, and was salty than most places that I have tried.  Chicken - 2 stars,  Not much in there, but the texture was ok.   Noodles - 4 stars, Nice cooked to my desired texture.   Portion - 1 star, portion size was not that big for  large, therefore I was still really hungry after my meal.My buddy ordered a Pork Chop Rice that looked more filling.  I probably should have ordered that instead.  If I do come back to this restaurant, I will not order Pho, but probably one of their rice dishes.   If you like salty, peppery broth, this place is for you.
5	The seafood panfried noodle is amazing!
2	Nothing special, but for some Pho, the price is on the higher end. I'll stick with some of the other places...
4	I went there last night ordered some Pho'. It was as good as the other place down the street. It's nice and clean. Not very busy which I like the most. There seemed to be a little communication barrier on my order but it was no big deal.I'm going back a second time. Give it a try!!!
4	bun bo hue... yes it is pretty good here... kind of light on the spices but still delicious !
4	I was here...last Saturday.  Coming from San Jose I had high expectation for Vietnamese food. I had their Bun Bo Hue and it was damn good ! The guy that was waiting the table was respectful and nice. Other than that the decor was pretty easy on the eyes.
4	This place is not bad.  There were tons of traffic on spring mountain road and saw the grand opening sign and decided to eat here before going to the airport.Ordered the pho, the broth is tasty but uses too much msg, deep beef flavor, right amount of spices.  Not sure why other reviews mentions that it was flavorless.  Noodles were firm and not over cooked.  Noticed that pho in the mainland doesn't have as much veggies as in Hawaii.  Wished that they would offer the rare steak separate.  Peach smothie was pretty good but used canned peaches which I like but other people may not.The prices are reasonable and portions are good.  Service is quick and efficient.  Nice and clean surroundings.  Good that I hear and see Chinese and other Vietnamese in the restaurant.Recommended.
3	The eggrolls were good.  Food tasted fresh, but pho broth was tasteless.
5	Good restaurant. Ordered the spring rolls, excellent peanut sauce. The pho is excellent, one of the best flavor in Lv. Bowl of pho is very reasonably priced. Only $7 compared to done of the other places.Waitress was super attentive, definitely will check in again with I'm back in Vegas.
4	I love to dine in Vegas and I hate spending my time in Chinatown when I'm in Vegas [especially it ruins the glamour of Vegas], but when someone in our group needs good ol' comfort Vietnamese food, we come here.The food is great. I've tried pho almost everywhere in California and honestly this is better compared to many pho noodle soups [not the best, but good.] Good Pho for Vegas. But, the spring rolls are out of this world. The spring rolls here are better than any place in California. Delicious! The Bun Bo Hue is a little sweet, tastes like vegetarian Bun Bo Hue [sweet vegetable broth.] It tastes good, but it's not what Bun Bo Hue should taste like. My sister had Korean BBQ with rice, which wasn't so great. Stick with Vietnamese food. Portions are great for the price.The restaurant is very nice, fresh, and clean compared to other Vietnamese restaurants. The restroom is really clean and pretty, smells good too [sorry, but not all restrooms are pleasant!]. Love that they embraced the "Saigon" concept with plants, beautiful pictures of Vietnamese women, scenery, and Saigon!Service is great! The girls were very nice and answered any questions we had. We asked them what was good, and we got amazing spring rolls. And no pushy push! They came back often, without asking, to refill our drinks and were quick to get anything for us. They also came back often to ask how we were doing and if we needed anything. Love that! What kind of Vietnamese restaurant ANYWHERE does that? Great service. We usually never give big tips at any Vietnamese restaurant, but we did here.Overall, Pho Little Saigon is a very fresh, clean restaurant with good food and amazing service! Number one Vietnamese restaurant to come to if you're in Vegas. I hope they open in Southern California because I would be a regular customer!
2	Never judge a book by its cover.I remember the first time I drove past this place. I saw that big fancy red neon sign and the words "grand opening" and I just knew that I had to try this place. It just looked like it was going to be delicious. So I finally took the chance and went one day during my lunch. I walked inside and I thought to myself, it looks clean, it looks nice, I don't think I will be disappointed.I ordered the oxtail Pho and pork skin eggrolls.The broth on the oxtail Pho was actually decent. It smelled good, tasted good and had a good balance of flavors. The oxtail left much to be desired. It was tough and hard to bite and left many many strands of meat in my teeth. As soon as I went back to work I was begging for a toothpick and/or dental floss.The pork skin spring roll wasn't bad, just a bit dry. Thank goodness for dipping sauces. When I went to check out I walked up to the counter and the lady told me my total. I asked for a receipt when she told me my total and saw that they were trying to double charge me for my spring rolls. Do I think they were intentionally trying to overcharge me? Of course. Did they remove the double charge once I pointed it out, of course. So it wasn't a BAD first time experience nor was it a GREAT first time experience. So the next time me and my hunny decided we were going to go out for Pho, I told him about this place and off we went. This time I ordered the special combo Pho and as did he. We also ordered the shrimp and pork spring rolls. Never in my life did I feel like such a dumb ass. (Okay, sure I have felt like a dumb ass previously in my life, but you get my point.) I had told him I was pretty impressed with their Pho and both of our bowls were completely bland and flavorless. The noodles were too soft, the meat too tough and if you know me I am very particular when it comes to Pho. If it has a hint of that silver tinge of color on the meat, it just ruins my appetite. Neither of us finished our bowls of Pho and we seriously contemplated about going to our favorite spot but didn't want to feel like complete F.A's and just called it a night. Do not let me forget that when we both bit into the pork and shrimp spring roll, we immediately spit it out. The flavor was off and the meat tasted old. Nasty!!If you like flavorless broth, then this is the place for you. If you know what good Pho is then I highly suggest staying away from this place.I thought it would be a good place based soley on looks. Lesson learned.
4	Tho Pho here is great! Broth tastes almost good as Pho So 1 :)the restaurant is very empty around 4pm. (Maybe that is the only reason they have times to keep the place very clean all the time lol ) Good place!
3	Food was great! Service was lousy I mean really lousy.
4	The food here was good! Needing a break from the Strip prices and fancy Casino restaurants, I ventured out and found this place. I was really pleased with the food and portion size. Pho had a great flavor and loved the peanut sauce for the spring rolls.
4	I was pleased with the pho, but other dishes fell short.I wanted to try a new pho place by Chinatown, and I always passed by this place but never tried it. I finally had the chance to eat here the other day. I ordered the beef pho, shrimp noodle bowl and the spring rolls.The spring rolls were OK. It tastes unusually chewy and the texture threw me off. The peanut sauce looks home-made because it is extra chunky, which I enjoyed much more. Other than the uber-great peanut sauce, nothing too special about the spring rolls.The shrimp noodle bowl was pretty good, but for some reason the noodles were clumped together and looked unprepared. They give you a huge serving, but when about half of it is clumped noodle, it isn't as appealing. Ugh.Thankfully, I really enjoyed the pho. The broth is on the oily side, but it was overkill. For others it may be too much, but the flavors in the broth was very delicious. I like to load my broth with many scoops of the pepper paste and usually the broth dilutes rather quickly. However, you can still taste the broth beyond the pepper paste. Pleasantly surprised!The other dishes are a hit and miss, I definitely won't order the spring rolls again. The spring noodle bowl was decent, but nothing to harp about. The pho on the other hand was very filling. Will probably go here again just for the pho.
5	With Spring Mountain rd littered with pho shops, it was over whelming to pick a place to go eat. Luckily, i didn't have to! My sister told me about this place, and i think it will be my fav. place to eat! To start with, it's a very clean restaurant, even their restroom smelled and look clean, i'm a clean freak, so that's important!!!The waitresses was very friendly and informative, there were a lot of food i want to eat , but she told me they're well know for their Beef and shrimp BBQ set, around $25 for 3 or 4 person, so we gave it a try, OMG... and she was not wrong, it's so so good!!! they marinated the meats in their special sauce, it smelled and tasted so good when i put int on the hot buttered grilled pan!!! After cooking the meat quickly for about 15 second, then you wrap it up in rice paper with plenty of mints and rice noodle, dipped in the pineapple fish sauce, i was instantly transport back to Vietnam! Over all, very very very good place to go eat, they also have good desserts too, try the tri-colors coconut tapioca drink, ask for extra green bean mash, you won't be disappointed!  P.S. if you want to come and eat the BBQ set, should come after lunch or dinner rush, that way you can relax and enjoy your food, or come with a bunch of people for a fun, hand on experience!
5	Best vegetable Pho of all.
1	Very bland soup.....and $5 for one iced tea. Won't be returning
5	By far the best vegetable Pho I've ever had and I've tried most. Large portion of perfectly cooked vegetables.
4	We love coming here to old saigon! The food and service here is good and thats all that really matters especially when you have kids. The place is never crazy busy like the other pho restaurant in chinatown that's why we love coming here. It's very clean on the inside and nicely decorated  unlike some places. On top of all that the owner is a very nice, even though our kids can be loud sometimes haha. The bottom line is this, if your looking for decent food but hate fighting the crowd or hate waiting a while for your food, than you'll probably enjoy old saigon as much as I do.  I love there pho here, I usually get pho dac biet with extra tripe YUMMY, very good comfort food especially after a long night of partying.
4	We found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try.  They got a 4 star for not having my iced coffee with condensed milk. The place is big and clean. The pho was pretty good. The spring rolls were fresh as well. I would recommend this place to others visiting Las Vegas. Come check it out
4	One of my top Pho places.I always order the deep fried egg rolls, or spring rolls (sometimes both)They are always delicious.  My only complaint is that the fish sauce smells like dirty feet...I always send it back, but I prefer soy sauce with my egg rolls anyway.My main dish is the Pho Tai (rare steak).I love this..the bowl comes out, and I swear they infuse their broth with jasmine...its so fragrant and lovely!Add in your spices, a litle sriracha sauce, extra lime for me, and you have a delicous meal that I have trouble finishing, even though I order the small bowl. I love it here.
1	I couldn't make an order.:.. They don't speak English.... I kept calling & asking about delivery & kept hanging up on me 3 time.... They try avoid or something.... Horrible!!!
5	Clean spacious eatery.  Quiet.  Good for lunch meetings. Great food.  Sometimes the service takes long but my friends, family, and I have not had a problem with any of the dishes we have ordered in the past and present.  The original location, with the same name, is from Honolulu, Hawaii.  I have to say for consistency, this place is sure bet!
2	This appears to be a family owed restaurant, which I usually like, but not so much this time! The service was very very slow, They do not seem to have it all figured out yet! The pho was decent, but definitely not better than pho Kim long. It's really not bad but I probably won't back unless i'm next door. A few good things were their price point and their decor.
4	When my husband and I first walked into this place we boy thought that it was a very clean place. An older woman was our server and seated us immediately and ask for our drink order. The funny thing was that he ordered a hot tea and water, and I didn't get a chance to order my drink and she had already walked off. We had barely sat down when she came to take our order, and we didn't have a chance to look at the menu when she asked for our orders, and we both quickly decided to get the Pho Dac Biet (combination). When the Pho came out we tasted the broth, and it was pretty good. But noticed the soup didn't come out super steaming hot. The choices of meat were delicious and tender and the Veggie Condiments were fresh. All in all we really like the place, but service could have been better. But we will give her the benefit of the doubt, maybe it wasn't her day or something.
