4	Ya know, for one that's in a mall, they were great. That's why I'm giving it a 4. Otherwise it'd be a 3 for sure.    Between the friendly crew, line management and the variety in their display case - even after a few hours later - I was amazed.
4	I love the location of the "almost kiosk" Starbucks.What mall would not be complete without at least one Starbucks?The baristas here are friendly & quick with the drink order...& above all, it's clean.My skinny caramel macchiato came out perfectly.
4	It helps that this is the only Starbucks in the Northlake Mall. Yes, this starbucks can be found inside the Northlake Mall (sadly not outside, so you'll have to walk the 15 feet it takes to get into the mall from your car) but thankfully, it's there! Easiest way to access this Starbucks (a.k.a the way I do it, so the right way) is to enter through the exit beside the AMC and go down the escalator to the left, then proceed to walk behind said escalators and voila! COFFEE! They open slightly earlier than the other stores in the mall (I work at Victoria's Secret upstairs and to the right of AMC exit) so the workers definitely appreciate that! They carry most (probably all) of what most Starbucks carry and the workers are, from what I can tell, really friendly. I often visit this Starbucks, and hope to become the MAYOR on FourSquare.
3	If you know me then this will sound familiar...I was desperate and had a $10 gift card.. OK? Abandon all ye who drink crappy Starbucks and go for the good stuff like Caribou or Dunkin. Better yet - try your local Barista! Ick. It was quick and sleazy and I felt incredibly dirty for having drank it.. but I got my caffeine in the only place left it seems for a semi-good cup of coffee at Northlake. I thought people who drank Starbucks recycled and fart in wine glasses just to sniff their own aroma?! After using my gift card I said to the counter lady, can you throw away, reuse or recycle the old card? Her reply? "We don't recycle." I walk away even dirtier in guilt while sipping my veniti something or other.. Dunkin.. I'm coming home..  with a full apology while drinking out of your non-recycled Styrofoam coffee cups with pride.
4	Sometimes you need a little boost to get through the shopping day, especially if your wife is dragging you to a ton of stores. Ya'll know that waiting for a woman to try on clothes is a tiring process! Thankfully there is a Starbucks in the mall to give you that little pick me up.Like all Starbucks it's good quality drinks (and a few snacks) with above average prices...probably even more so seeing how it's located in the mall. My wife and I usually spend about $8 for two cups of iced coffeeish drinks. They do get our drinks right everytime though, and with the high volume of customers that's pretty good. The only thing that's bad about it (aside from prices) is that it is so busy, so there is usually a wait not only on line but also after you order while your drink is prepared.
4	This is an awesome Starbucks inside of the mall. Located on the first floor in the center of they mall. The drinks are consistent with other Starbucks. What makes this store stand out is the ample open space seating area with aesthetically pleasing topiary. Kind of gives you that tropical indoor Florida hotel lobby feel. This definitely looks like a popular location to relax and rewind  from the stress of shopping therapy. North lake and South Park are my two favorite malls in Charlotte, and I do have to say this Starbucks is wayyyy better than the one inside of South Park. While the food court on the second floor of north lake is lacking, this Starbucks make up for the missing points!
3	Not a bad Starbucks, at this point everyone should know how these run and what they carry so I won't get into it.  Service is decent but unless you go real early expect to wait in line for awhile.
4	Love the cotton candy (drink)! There are so many drinks that I enjoy at Starbucks! Anyway! Staff is friendly. Service is great, no problems there. Prices can be a little steep. But why not. It's Starbucks! Lol
3	This is a busy spot...in the middle of the mall...downstairs........right next to the elevator and escalator.
4	All coffee experts at Starbucks are friendly, and this one is no different.  Very quick and friendly - always nice to grab a quick drink before browsing the Target store for purchases.
