5	Fannnnnntastic!Formerly, Black Chile Mexican Grille, Ling & Louie's Kitchen is wonderful! Came here on a business holiday lunch and we simply had to sample everything! We got the chicken skewers that came very well prepared with yummy dipping sauce too. We also got a sushi roll which was good but nothing too exciting, your basic sushi roll. Also got the steak tip and blue cheese sliders, and yeah, they were as amazing as they sound. The buns were like sweet table rolls and really melted in your mouth. The extra bacon and BBQ was the perfect touch of sweet and saucy. Finally, we order the lettuce wraps too. My boss said they were a tad satly for her but I thought the lettuce really complimented the spicey chicken and sauce.For lunch I orded the carne asada taco on flour shells. Wam, bam, thank you maam. They were fabulous. The shells were so soft and chewy and tiny. Freaking adorable. The pico add these awesome kick that went well with the meet. I wish there'd been more avadcado on each one but they were so tasty it didn't matter.The entire table truly enjoyed each other their meals and of course, the staff and management were so kind and friendly to us.Go here!
3	I ate lunch at the bar yesterday. It was okay. The bartender was really nice. I had the TKG soup. It was good, but too creamy. It almost tasted like they added dairy to it, and it could have used a little more kick. Perhaps, they serve it tamed for the stereotypical Caucasian palate. The group of people next to me were not happy at all. Every time the bartender walked away they would make cruel disparaging remarks. However, I don't think the bartender was actually doing anything wrong. She appeared rather busy and took time to check on everyone every few minutes or so. Despite this, the group of unattractive (on the inside and the outside) patrons sat around complaining that their beck and call was not answered immediately- how dare she help other customers, or in their words-  be a "bitch standing around gossiping", (yes, these people had little class). Also, they started writing a negative review, on who knows what site, about the entire restaurant at the bar on their phones. I will say, I side with the group of nasty patrons on one account. They tried to ask the  waitress with long straight light blond hair to get them another drink, and she said she would get the bartender. Then they said to her, "The bartender is ignoring us" (see how egotistical these people are- they thought they were so important that someone would purposely go out of their way just to ignore them- Hey, Uglies... it's not all about you!). On with the story... The waitress, laughed in their face and said, "No she's not, ha ha..." and abruptly walked off.  Her tone was definitely condescending, and the group was pissed... "How dare she talk back to us!". While I don't necessarily agree with their reasons for being pissed, as they seem to believe that the world is their servant,  I was actually pretty shocked by said server's behavior. Even though these people were not pleasant in the least (though civil to the staff's faces), you don't talk to customers like that, it's unprofessional and outright rude.To be honest, I probably wouldn't eat at a table here because of the incident witnessed above, but I may grab a quick bite at the bar again.
1	If you are expecting the same food you would get at a traditional "Ling & Louie's", proceed with caution.  My family and I are huge Ling & Louie's lovers and this new concept does not compare to the traditional place.  If Ling relied on this new concept location to make her Long Life Soup famous, Ling would be waiting one long life for that to happen.  It was as if I was eating a bowl of soy sauce with rice floating in it. Super salty.Overall the menu is slightly different, but the food quality and great taste isn't there. The owner of this new concept owned Black Chile which was the spot Ling's took over.  The food quality at Black Chile was lacking and it appears the owners brought it to Ling's.  So unfortunate.
4	My husband and I met friends here for dinner for the first time.  I had the Napa Salad and my husband tried the margarita flatbread, both were delicious.  The service was  attentive and knowledgeable.  Great place for date night.  We were very pleased with the dining experience and would return if the opportunity presented itself.
2	We came to Black Chile, but found it changed to a Mexican Asian fusion restaurant called Ling and Louie's. The service remains good and the atmosphere changed only by the addition of numerous Asian Buddhas along the wall as artwork. Because the menu still included our favorite dishes from the black chile menu we decided to stay. We were disappointed however that the dishes were altered enough to not represent what we thought we were ordering. We were assured however that they would be the same.  Although the food was good I would not recommend this new restaurant if you are expecting black chile quality.
1	My grandma and I stumbled in here for lunch while running errands and it was our first time.We were definitely turned off a bit by the menu as it made us feel like we were at Cheesecake Factory where there were numerous types of cuisines and no direction. If it is supposed to be Asian fusion, it should be innovative and have only Chinese inspired food. It seems strange to have so many different types of food together such as guacamole and lettuce wraps, orange chicken and flat-bread, and etc. I know it's an ideal setting to go when you go with a big group and everyone is picky about certain things, but there is ALWAYS something on the menu for those picky eaters so do not worry about what they would order, but refocus your menu like the reviewer mentioned on the other yelp.As I know we critiqued having weird combinations on the menu, we decided to try the Margarita flat-bread and the Evil Jungle Princess rice dish with shrimp. While we are waiting for our food, our waiter brings us BOTH hot tea and I did NOT order a hot tea, but he disappeared for awhile so I couldn't tell him that I only wanted iced water. I decided to have hot tea because we did not have our waters yet. Finally he came back and we told him about the waters and he took our food order. The funny thing is we asked him for his opinions and like the one reviewer said, they do not know the menu very well to explain or even offer some favorites! The reason behind this bad review is because of the actual food. We thought we would get the flat-bread first, but it came with the rice dish as well. We did not make a big deal and decided to eat both at the same time. The flat-bread had so much balsamic vinegar that it was hard to taste the tomatoes and the cheese. It was inedible. The shrimp in the Evil Jungle rice dish was disgusting. It tasted like imitation crab, but with shrimp. It did NOT taste like shrimp at all. My grandma and I literally lost our appetites. The rice itself had potential, but did not have much vegetables like the menu described. There were only four pieces of shrimp but we each did not finish our first shrimp because it was tasteless and NOT shrimp.I really hope they listen to all of our reviews and change it and actually get their food FRESH and not frozen seafood or whatever that shrimp was!
5	Having a great dinner and time with family and friends during this holiday weekend.  Great atmosphere and great food.
4	We tried Ling and Louie's for their half priced "Happy Hour" appetizers.   When we arrived the bar was full with only one open table.  The four of us were promptly greeted by Jennifer - our very friendly server - who took great care of us.  She garnered our beverages with great speed and helped us with our menu selections.  We ordered the Calamari, Spicy Tuna Roll, Sliders and Pizza.  All items were cooked properly, served hot, and were full of flavor.   Since this was our first visit to  a Ling and Louie's we have only this venue to compare.  The manager David and our server Jennifer did a great job of explaining the differences between the Ling and Louie's located in the Biltmore Fashion Park and the others.  I think Ling and Louie's patrons may want to try this location with an open mind and taste buds.Ling and Louie's Restrooms are very clean!  From our many years of restaurant experience, we always remind our friends to check the restrooms before they order.  The cleanliness and working order of a restaurants restroom will be mirrored in the kitchen.  If the management does not care to keep the restrooms sparkling.  Do not eat there!
1	Poor food.  Vastly overpriced.  Uneducated, undertrained though friendly staff.  Not a single original item on the menu and every thing on the menu is served better somewhere else.Two eggrolls for $8 is an outrage.  The pad thai was soupy/wet.  The mongolian beef had ok flavor but the beef was cheap and chewy.  Small portions all around.  My party of four left lunch disappointed, unsatisfied and $70 poorer.
2	Calamri were very chewy.. sauces were good, but that's about it.
2	I've been to other Ling and Louie's and I was confused by the Biltmore L&L. The menu had vestiges of the former restaurants menu, fish tacos, guacamole, hamburgers. I came for the Asian food. Eatmate ordered the fish tacos and I ordered a noodle dish with shrimp. Disappointment arrived quickly in the form of the portion size. A very small bowl and only half full, flavorful, but the mood was set .Server, to his credit, reported my remarks to his manager who offered a new dish. I came for noodles so that was that. Fish tacos....they were OK according to eatmate, just not great.I appreciated the attentive service, although the wait staff was too aggressive, coming by every 5 minutes asking to remove my plates. Banana egg roll. Well that gets 4 stars. Will I be back to this L & L? Too many good choices at the Biltmore to give it a second try. Scottsdale L&L I love. What happened here???
2	I am torn about this review. The server took 15 minutes to come to our table to take drink order. But, the food came SO fast. Actually the food came before our water came! I had the salmon salad. The salmon was maybe the best I have ever had, however the salad was drowning in dressing which ruined it. My husband ordered the Lo Mein which was heavily seasoned with lemon. Overall, it was a disappointing meal for both of us. I heard they have a great Happy Hour so I may try Ling and Louie's again, but it wouldn't be my idea.
3	I've been to the Ling and Louie's in Mesa and thought to try this one since it was nearby. We stopped in specifically for "Happy Hour". When we arrived we were told that it only extended to the bar and patio area. Dismayed, but not that big of a deal. The food was good and our waitress was friendly. Good vibe and atmosphere. Decided to order the caramel banana dessert - it was not as good as expected. Overall, a decent experience.
2	Maybe because it's a new location they have not got the kinks worked out yet.  We sat in the bar area.  The server took almost 30 mins to come back to take our order after we told him we wanted to order food.  We shared the general Li's dish and asked them to split it.  They just brought  an extra plate.  That's okay, but actually placing the meal on two separate plates would have been a nice extra step and a lot less messy for us.  They were a little stingy with the rice, too.  Not really enough for the rest of the ingredients to balance out the soy sauce, so it turned out too salty.  Tip: ask for extra rice.
3	First Check in with yelp! With my husband that looks 12. He's pushing me to become yelp elite. Guess what? This is only the beginning!!!! He always gets what he wants! Ling and Louie's was pretty good. We had a few awkward moments though. The first was at checkin - when they told us it would be a while and then they sat us right away. Then my husband peeked over a wall to change our order at the last minute. Food is tasty especially the rolls and I'm not a sushi girl! Enjoy the HobNob Pinot Noir!!! The Honey Walnut Shrimp is good but it has a heavy sauce. Overall the place is kind of overpriced and does not seem to have any thing that stands apart from any other sit down place in Phoenix. I would say pass on Ling and Louie's especially if you're looking for something special or if you're visiting the area. Try Panda Express or Filibertos and save yourself some cash!
5	Flavor, Flavor and more flavor!  This is my new favorite asian restaurant choice and replaces my old standard PF.  Changs.  The location in the Biltmore is great, and we went on a Sunday evening, so it was nice and quiet.  The ambiance is a bit more sophisticated then PF Chang's or at least the feel of the place.  Wait staff is helpful and straightforward.  We had the chicken lettuce wraps which had a great flavor to them, more of a zesty flavor.  I then had some Princess chicken dish that had a bit of a curry base.  It was great and the food had a good texture as well.  My friend had orange chicken which has a great a great zest to it.  Service was fast, and I'm looking forward to trying many other asian fusion dishes here also.
2	While the service was good when I p/u my takeout, I found the food to be average at best.  General Lings Chicken was Pei Wei copycat, and the Tomatillo Salad was only slightly more interesting.  I'm sure there are better things on the menu, but 1st impression does not push me to revisit any time soon
2	Yelp doesn't lie! I was pretty apprehensive about trying this place due to the reviews below, but I had received a $20 discount coupon in the mail which pretty much equaled out to a free dinner for my husband and I. I went in with an open mind and tried to put the bad reviews aside. The menu seems to be a mix of Asian and Mexican, due to my lactose issue we decided to go with two Asian dishes of pad Thai and Mongolian beef. We put in our order, and I swear about 6 minutes later our food was out. This is not necessarily a bad thing, but just struck me as odd. Are the dishes made to order? If so, how could they be cooked so fast, and it's not like we were the only patrons in the place, the restaurant was somewhat busy when we were there. Anyway, this didn't affect the taste of our food. As for the food; portion size was on the smaller size compared to other Asian restaurants I've been to. Both dishes had decent flavor but the sauce was just really sugary, it would've been much better if they just dialed back the sweetness. After finishing our dishes it was decided that while the meal wasn't bad per se, it just wasn't a good value. It pretty much tasted like Pei Wei, and I could get both dishes at Pei Wei for half the price with bigger portions. Or if I wanted to real thing, I would just go to Wild Thaiger or Szechuan Palace. I would probably only return again if I had another $20 coupon.
3	I wanted to like this place.  The service is great, simply put.  The female bartender is friendly and will remember you if you go back.  The rest of the team is friendly and prompt.   The food on the other hand, not very good.  The sushi is the only good thing on the menu (a great deal during happy hour).  It has a weird menu.  Ling and Louie's fancies themselves an Asian Fusion restaurant but they have a burger and tacos on the menu; huh?  I know the old location used to be Black Chile, but really?  The food itself is very sub par.  It is very greasy and tastes as if it was microwaved in the back as opposed to freshly cooked.  Simply put, the only reason why this establishment is not getting 5 stars is because the food is terrible (except for the sushi).  Other than that, the service here is amazing!
4	I really was not expecting much when we visited for dinner, but it was very good.  Unlike some of my fellow Yelpers, I had a good experience.  I ordered the Firecracker Chicken and thought it was great.  My husband had the hamburger and that was also good.  MIL had a noodle bowl and she enjoyed it.  Portions were generous.  Wait staff was friendly and attentive, but not overly so.  I will definitely be back again in the future.
4	Everyone seems to have a problem with this place, but I enjoyed some of the best fried rice of my life here. And my friend got some sort of popular Asian chicken dish and loved it. Didn't think it was overpriced and our server was great.
5	We've been to this restaurant a number of times and have always had a good experience.  Their food is great and the happy hour prices for the food are very reasonable.  We took some friends from out of town and they, too, were very impressed.  We'll keep returning on a regular basis.
4	After a recent visit to Ling & Louie's Asian Bar & Grill ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/ling-and-louies-asian-bar-and-grill-scottsdale ) in Scottsdale, which was incredibly lackluster, we decided to give this new L&L concept a fair shot at redeeming the family name after hearing some great things about this new Biltmore spot.Allow me to lay the groundwork, if you will, with a rundown of our first experience- certainly not meant to detract from the review being given to L&L Phoenix...Their Scottsdale location left us wanting to go back to Pei Wei and never return... we were greeted by the bartender promptly, a hostess appeared next to seat us with little delay, and our server approached quickly with menus and offering drinks... all pretty good... and that's where it ended. The server was probably a nice guy- to his friends and maybe his co-workers- but had that attitude an employee can get when they would rather be somewhere else doing whatever else they thought was better than making money and taking pride in his professionalism. Was he courteous? Mostly. Was he quick? Well... yeah... too quick... and distracted... and hurried. Oh well, everyone has an off day, so I digress.Finishing this up to move on to the well-deserved kudos, L&L Scottsdale's food, when it arrived (quickly enough), only served to further taint the experience we had... My dish was bland and unexciting, especially for a dish like Kung Pao, which should be spicy, savory, and leave you with a satisfying sting with each bite... KUNG POW! Sadly, even with my non-meat eating swap of pineapple and mango for the standard chicken, this was a Kung Pass :(  My girlfriend's meal was no more exciting, having ordered the Evil Jungle Princess dish, she was left wondering if she had instead been served Glinda the Good Witch's Bland Chicken and Rice (Wait... there was chicken in there? Perhaps the Evil Princess ate it all before service?)So, here we are today in Phoenix, appetites ready and palates cleansed...We enjoyed a couple of frozen Happy Hour margaritas and opened our dinner with the fabulous Margarita Flatbread appetizer, also on Happy Hour... Very nicely done AND each for just $5? That just improved the taste! Shortly after, but not too soon and not too late, our main dishes arrived- I read another review which stated the portion sizes were "smaller than typical"...? Hardly the case, perhaps they were used to buffets?My girlfriend chose to give the Evil Jungle Princess another shot... I think she may have a secret attachment to the name that touches her... silly girl... anyway, throughout her entire meal, she could not stop glowing about the vast and wonderful difference in the incredibly improved flavors of the dish- moreover, she was totally impressed with the sheer amount of chicken that was in this preparation, commenting on how nearly every bite she took, up to the very last, did not lack for that tasty chicken.I, on the other hand, elected to forgo my usual Kung Pao plate and went with the Veggie Tacos- unique to the Phoenix L&L (likely due to its Black Chile Grill background)... What I received was three delicious mini-tacos served on tasty flour (my choice) tortillas, a bowl of borracho beans and a helping of sticky rice (NOTE: The regular sticky rice is made with chicken stock, so is not vegetarian friendly... thank you Manager for relating that to me before it was too late).Before we ended our visit, we took a little tour of the building, courtesy of the Manager, when we inquired about their facilities in regard to booking parties and special events... and WOW... what a great place where one could host a fantastic meeting or soiree, with a lower-level banquet room with a 70+ person capacity and complete with upscale furnishings, total A/V setup, elevator service, remote bar top, and full-catering offered!Reputation redeemed! While the Biltmore area has some great choices for dining and happy hours, I'd say that despite what a few other reviewers may want to lead you to believe, despite being part of a "national chain", Ling & Louie's Kitchen Phoenix is a go-to destination nestled within a crowd of other foxy places in the Biltmore ;)P.S.  For those who call Ling & Louie's Kitchen "Asian Fusion", well, that was your first mistake and where you probably biased your tastebuds... Guests slapped that label on the "menu"... Founders McDermott and Merritt call it "Asian inspired cuisine and American comfort food"... Fusion not included ;)
2	Meh. The location and the venue is great, but the food is only okay.  I liked the drinks, though! CREATIVE!!
1	You want to know how to turn off a potential customer? Mess up, and then refuse to fix it.Stopped in during happy hour and ordered some appetizers to go. Was told they would be half-off, and wasn't told otherwise until later when we tried to pay for the order. Apparently the half-off appetizers during happy hour are only for dine-in orders, despite nothing on the menu stating such and the hostess implicitly saying they would be discounted. The hostess apologized for the mistake, but neither she nor the manager with her made any effort to address the problem and price the food as they said it would be priced. Lazy, inept, and stupid, because we left without our order and will not be returning again.
4	Love the location of this place! I went to happy hour yesterday with some friends before going to watch Jaws during the movie in the park which I've somehow managed to avoid going to for some odd reason even though the Biltmore Fashion Park is literally down the street (Pretty sure I've mentioned this before!). The ambiance is nice and the staff was really friendly; I was greeted by at least two hostesses, a manager and some wait staff as soon as I had entered the building.We sat at the outside portion of the bar and I was super happy about that as the weather was amazing and it wasn't too crowded which was nice. The bartender was nice and attentive (I should probably get names more often so that I can give them the proper kudos). I was pretty much only drinking but did manage to try the calamari and the crunchy crab sushi off of the happy hour and both were delicious! The calamari was prepared perfectly and wasn't rubbery; it also came with a spicy dipping sauce..so yummy! And the crunchy crab? So damn good and tightly packed which is something that can be difficult for some sushi places to manage...I kept raving and I'm pretty sure I had more than my half of the portion.Alas, as are most of my reasons for only giving 4 stars, I have to wait until I actually have dinner at Ling and Louie's but yesterday was definitely a good start in that 5 star direction.
4	I've eaten here twice & haven't been let down. The waiter today was a regular Jim Carey. Refreshing.....
1	If you want your waitress to get drinks for three tables at the same time and take time to take an order at another table while carrying your drinks, Ling and Louie's is your place If you want your appetizer, salad and entree to arrive at the same time, ling and Louies is your place. If when you complain, you want a manager to say, " this is unfortunate ". Ling and Louies is your place. He did say that they would do better next time. With lots of good restaurants in Phoenix/Scottsdale, there will not be a next time. We eat out at the best restaurants in the area four nights a week. Trust me, missing Ling and Louies will not be a great loss. Incidentally, this is the first time that I have ever written a bad review for a restaurant
3	I had a decent meal here, nothing spectacular, but worthwhile. I ordered the General Ling chicken - a bit dry, but a nice flavor. The Sake Mule was tasty, but a little too much ice for the price.The banana dessert thing was good.It seems like a nice place to hang out, maybe do happy hour. I'd try a different meal next time, but I do like the place, so I'll be back.
3	We went back to Ling and Louie's recently and it was not as good as the first time we went.  I was a little disappointed.  Staff was still attentive, food just seemed not stove hot, only warm.
1	Bottom line-if you like L&L Asian Bar & Grill in Scottsdale or Chandler, you probably won't like it here.  L&L Kitchen only has some of the items from the Bar & Grill menu.  But, hey, the owners throw in some Mexican dishes from their previous, failed restaurant.  That makes up for tinkering with a proven full L&L Bar & Grill menu, right?  If you've never been to a Ling & Louie's, I'm sure you'll enjoy what the Kitchen has to offer.
4	Love this place - great vibe, great service - solid every time I go in.  Keep it up guys :)
2	Great food but HORRiBLE service. place was dead. We frequent the Scottsdale location so this was our first time at the Biltmore location. The server was out of control hyper and was very condescending! The service and professional attitude from the staff in Scottsdale is much better. Very fake when you first walk in. Sean .. Our server was very very rude! Will not be back.
5	Wow!  Loved the Fish Tacos and Fried Rice!  I am a business traveler from Dallas attending a conference at the Biltmore and despite the few questionable reviews, I decided to give them a shot since they were just across the street from the Ritz Carlton and I wanted something close - Glad I did.  I got there about 7:30pm and sat at the bar to watch the Rangers/Detroit game.  The bartender was greeted me and was very cordial, his name was Evan. I ordered the Fish Tacos and Fried Rice and it was amazing.  I am here for 2 more days and will definitely come back before I leave.  Good job staff.
5	Most flavorful gluten free dishes and top notch service! I visited Ling and Louie's Kitchen for a late night dinner on Friday with friends. The ambiance was great and even better- they have a reverse happy hour! We sat at the bar outside, so cool that they have an indoor / outdoor bar. Most places don't utilize the outdoor option in summer so I was stoked when I learned we were able to sit outside. The bartender greeted us immediately, despite the fact he had a full bar. He went over specials and made some amazing drink and food suggestions. I tried the refresh, it was knock-your-socks-off (dare I say) refreshing!  While we waited for our food the bartender chatted us up about baseball (which I absolutely LOVE) and made us laugh a lot. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and drink offerings and had a fabulously witty personality.  I ordered the gluten free version of the Pad Thai. WOW!! This is by a landslide the most flavorful gluten free food I have ever eaten!  Our group also ordered the sizzling salmon with a side of fried rice, Mongolian flatbread, chicken lettuce wraps and a sizzling blackened chicken and pork dish. The delectable dishes and outdoor seating would have brought us back, but the prompt, attentive and courteous service we received set this place apart from the other restaurants I've been to. Plenty of gluten free and vegetarian options, and accommodating and mindful of special dietary needs.  Do yourself a favor, check this place out!! We will most definitely be regulars! Great job Ling and Louie's!
5	Amazing food! Amazing Happy Hour! Oh yeah and they have a bottomless lunch on Saturday and Sunday with mimosas and bloody mary's for $19.95! Can't beat that!  Service staff is attentive and I think i was greeted by everyone that was working in the building.
4	I have eaten at the Scottsdale location before, but a long time ago. People say they are very different from each other, hmm I dunno? Don't care though. This one is great. They have an awesome happy hour. Half priced aps and drinks. Their flat bread pizzas are very good. Their calamari is some of the best I have ever had. Sweet spicy sauce on them and crispy. You must try! The sliders are really good too. The only weird part is the bathroom in down stairs, which is a bit of a hike, but not a huge deal. I see they also have a large private dining room, possible spot for my rehearsal dinner maybe??? hmmm! I am a fan!
4	Very consistent when it comes to service and the food..my favorite dish is the avacado egg roles. Some pretty tasty drinks, the make a solid mai tai (they call it a tai mai though..not totally sure why). good location (we normally grab food here then catch a movie across the street). Great place to people watch. should be a 4 because it doesnt blow me away in any particular category, but they have never let down and there is something to say about consistency.
4	Hellooo to one of my new favorite happy hour places! I came here with my sister the other day because she said their happy hour was amazing. And boy was she right! I definitely wasn't disappointed! We ordered 4 different happy hour dishes and they all were sooooo delicious! Sliders, calamari, Mongolian flatbread and Asian NachosSliders-the meat was soooo tender and I think it was what made the burger tastyCalamari-I loved the sauce that it came with. It also came with some type of salad. Not sure what dressing was in that but it's probably some of the best calamari I've ever had.Mongolian flatbread-Also VERY tender meat on it that made it amazingAsian Nachos-Now THIS was different. There was a variety of different ingredients on it and what was different was that it came on won tons. One word. YUMMY!The only reason I'm not giving it a 5 star is because I haven't gotten a chance to taste their regular menu which is something that I'd like to try next time I'm there. We had good service when we were there, however I have heard that it's not always the best from time to time. I seriously wish that this place was closer to my home because I would most likely be a regular here. =)
4	I have been here three times and really enjoyed it each time. Recently they started doing a weekend brunch where you can select any entree and get unlimited mimosas. I had the chicken teriyaki, my friend had the salmon- both were great. I love happy hour and weekend special there - it's my after-church spot for sure.
3	If you order 3 courses make sure you tell them, DO NOT BRING EVERYTHING OUT AT ONCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.   I wait tables too. It's called an appetizer for a reason.  My second beer took awhile.  P.S. I bartend too. The food is delicious.  No complaints here. The manager seems very nice. :). Excellent happy hour!!.
2	If you order 3 courses make sure you tell them. Everything came out at once.  I wait tables too. It's called an appetizer for a reason.  My second beer took awhile.  P.S. I bartend too. The food is delicious.  No complaints here. The manager seems very nice. :). Excellent happy hour!!.
5	I've been the Ling and Louie's Kitchen several times and I must say I love it! The service is always excellent and quick while the food is always delicious. They are not the most "authentic' Asian restaurant. Instead, their menu features more Asian "inspired" sorts of dishes, yet there are some "classic" Asian restaurant dishes like: potstickers, orange chicken, and Lo Mein. There prices are a little higher than competitors like Pei Wei, but considering their higher quality and and service I feel their prices are justified.
4	This restaurant just closed. It was good, but they never had enough business.
1	Was not happy about this place. Very disappointing. The restaurant that was there before was a lot better. Both dishes that we ordered did not taste very well. The guacamole was terrible! No flavor at all. Most likely never coming back.
