2	This is diffidently not one of the better Circle K's location! Now that My fathers house has been sold, and no other reason to be in the area. I will probably not come by this place again. I get it, it's not in the greatest area. But when your store looks more ghetto then the area. You have an issue. I have been at this location numerous times, for gas, for drinks, and even to air up the tire once in a great while. Their fuel pumps are just a mess, outside the front door looks like they haven't steam clean the sidewalks since they first opened. Last time I was there, I was moving my dads El Camino, this car was stored in his garage for the last four years. So the tires were a little low. Everywhere I have been to, the establishments has always turn the air on. But not this place, this penny pinching convenience store would not turn it on. The person at the front counter stated they removed the button over a year ago? One dollar for four minutes to air up the tires. Wow  That's all I have to say about this place.
2	First of all, let me say this review is in no way an indictment of the folks who work there. The staff have always been nice, helpful and friendly. I have no complaints about them. What I DO have a beef with, is the obviously VERY poor management. If you're not fighting off the meth heads who essentially "live" by the payphones, you're accosted by the homeless, mentally ill, and people the store has allowed to sell candy outside the door. It feels like I'm always dodging someone just to get in the door. I live just down the street and go in there almost daily. I cannot begin to tell you how many times in a month their soda fountain is inoperable. Either there is no ice for the fountain drinks,  no diet coke, no coke, no sprite, etc. It's always something. Then their ability to process credit and debit goes down a lot. Also, the gas pumps are so old and so scratched up with "gang" graffiti, a person cannot possibly read the meter when getting gas. AND, if you have a FRY'S card, it will not read it at the pump to give you a discount, and you must go inside (where there is usually a very long line) and wait for the clerk to punch your card numbers in. It's really too bad this Circle K has been allowed by corporate to get this bad. Corporate really needs to do a serious overhaul at this store, along with hiring security at night. If I didn't live so close by, I would never go in there.
1	Judging by the other two reviews on here I can see that I'm not the only person living in this neighborhood who wonders why their corporate office doesn't clean t his place up. I mean, you can see how busy they are 24/7. This place has got to be a money maker. What's with the kid and her mom who sell candy every day just in front of the entrance to the store? Doesn't Circle K sell candy? Isn't this panhandling? Where's security? Why do the homeless, mentally ill, and the local meth heads feel so at ease to congregate here and bother customers? WHY is the soda fountain ALWAYS in disrepair?? WHY is the Debit/Credit option always down at the register? WHY during their busiest times is there only one cashier on duty?? Why are employees allowed to smoke outside in front of the store on their breaks??  WHY are the gas pumps so tagged up with gang graffiti that you can't see to use them?? How many complaints does this store need before they do something to make it better? I wish the Mexican grocery store across the street would get purchased by Quik Trip. If they built a QT across from this dump, this store would go under. The difference is like night an day. This store is not only dirty, poorly managed, and understaffed, but always in a state of disrepair. You would never see this at a QT.
