5	We had a great experience with Kristi's food tour.......13+ co-workers and a great time had by all.  Learned about Charlotte as a city and new cuisines.  Outstanding experience; would highly recommend!!
5	Kristi set the stage beautifully for a fabulous "Soul of the South" food tour that she crafted for a group of us last week. We are a virtual team of 15 and we descended upon Charlotte for an in-person strategy meeting. After two long days of plane rides and conference rooms, our tour with Kristi was the perfect getaway that exceeded all our expectations.From the very beginning until the last minute, Kristi's tour offered the perfect balance of the best Charlotte has to offer -- edible delights, crafted beers, local history, and engaging conversation. I've been on several food tours and Kristi just set the bar way above the rest. I enjoyed the diversity of both the establishments and the cuisine.In one night, we were able to plug into the true local flair of Charlotte. Wish you knew what edible delights we experienced? You better join Kristi on a tour to find out!
5	My family and I went on the "Soul of the South" tour, and it was wonderful! I cannot say enough about this tour. We were visiting Charlotte from the DC area and had never been to Charlotte before.Taking the tour was a great introduction to city, taking us to a variety of different types of restaurants that all had the southern themed food. Two things that I was particularly pleased about: 1) we were served an alcoholic beverage at every other location (great beer and wine) and 2) all of the locations we visited were part of the "Farm to Fork" movement that makes a conscious effort to locally source as much of its food as possible. And it shows! All of the places we visited served delicious, unique food.Additionally, you get a LOT of food and drink for the money for the tour. It was probably the best value purchase we made throughout the entire trip. The tour combines great food, a little history, and great company for less than $50.00/person. The tour proceeded at a great pace, so you you weren't rushed through any meal, had enough time to stop off at the restroom at any location, and was not so slow as to bore you. I would love to take another Feast Food Tours if I'm ever in the area again!
5	Coming from San Francisco, my boyfriend and I wanted to really embrace the food culture in the Carolinas. The "Soul of the South" food tour did just that. Kristi did a great job showing us a variety of food from BBQ at Queen City Q, wine and cheese, shrimp and grits, to chocolate bon bons. After the tour, my boyfriend and I went back to Queen City Q because it was that good. Great job Kristi!
5	Took the Dining to Dives tour along Central Avenue and had a great experience!  Discovered new places, had great food, and met the people responsible for some of Charlotte's best dining experiences. Looking forward to taking another tour (in NODA) soon.
5	This walking food tour was great! I went with three of my girlfriends, we toured 7 different small restaurants/breweries/shops with food/beer/wine tasting at each. So much fun, and allowed me to experience a bunch of places in Charlotte in my short weekend. Can't wait to try another!
5	What a wonderful way to spend a few hours in Charlotte!  Kristi met 11 of us at 3:00 on a recent Saturday afternoon, and we proceeded to walk and talk and laugh and learn.  We drank, ate and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves at 6 "chic" establishments.  Even though we had dined at 3 of them in the past, it was still fun to learn about them, get behind the scenes and be able to ask questions.  We were made to feel very welcome everywhere we went, and Kristi is a "just right" guide.  And do note that just because some of these places are of the up-scale variety, they are not stuffy nor dressy.  This is a casual, relaxed tour.  And everything we got to taste was of excellent quality. Highly recommend to Foodies of all kinds!
4	Kristi was an excellent tour guide. I loved hearing her story about how she transitioned  from her passion into a career. I think the tour may need to be renamed a Food/Brewery tour. We loved all of the restaurants, but felt there was more alcohol than food. We Absolutely loved the NO/DA  area!
5	Great activity for out of town visitors!  I took two of my girlfriends from Virginia on the Plaza Midwood tour last weekend.  I thought I had been to a lot of Charlotte restaurants, but I had never eaten at any of the tour spots. Kristi was a fantastic guide with lots of fun facts about the area. It was a unique opportunity to speak with the chefs/owners and learn the background and philosophy of these local spots. I haven't taken the other tours, but highly recommend the Plaza Midwood tour!!
5	Four of us went on the Uptown Chic Behind-the-Scenes Tour. It seemed like a fun thing to do, but we had no idea what a great time we would have! We all thought it would be fun - three hours on a Saturday afternoon, checking out great restaurants. But it was so much more than we thought. Kristi was a wonderful tour guide, knowledgable and connected; she took us around town and told us great stories.From the crab cake at Morton's to the barbecue shrimp at E2, oh and the pasta at La Tagliatella ... among others. In fact, we had such a good time at Vapiano's, we went back the next night for dinner.Now we can't wait to check out the other tours!
5	We spent a wonderful Saturday afternoon exploring Central Avenue with Kristi! We went to restaurants that for the most part would never have thought to go to without an expert suggestion. Now thanks for this experience will be we will be going to many of these restaurants on our own. We are now looking forward going on more Feast tours in Charlotte because it was such a positive and fun experience. I highly recommend this to everyone who lives in Charlotte as well as people who are visiting the area. Thanks Kristi for a great day!
5	Another great food tour with Kristi. My 3 BFF's spent Saturday evening on the Behind the Scenes Uptown Chic Food Tour for a birthday celebration. We visited 6 places and they all were fabulous! From the pizza at Le Tagliatelle (eggplant, balsamic reduction and honey, yummy), BBQ shrimp at E2, crab cakes at Morton's, Vapiano's enthusiastic chef and amazing sangria, McCormick and Schmick's shrimp kisses to the amazing meats and sides at Chima (one of my favorites stops along the tour). We'll definitely be back and next time with hubbies on date night!!! Thanks Kristi for this experience and for taking such good care of us.
5	Did the Plaza Midwood tour with my boyfriend (local) and a friend (out of town). It was a really great way to show my friend a nice cross section of restaurants and food in a great neighborhood. Couldn't agree more that Kristi is "just right" - she is organized and has all the details down without being neurotic. She has some interesting facts and tidbits about the neighborhood without going overboard on them.Never felt like we spent too much time at any one place, but never felt rushed to finish the food.  Just like Kristi is "just right", the information you learn at each restaurant is "just right" - some places have owners/chefs who have a ton of interesting information to share, while others give a very nice overview of the food and not much else. This makes for a nice balance - some places you can do a lot of chatting with those around you, while at others you find yourself listening to great stories or local insight. For the cost, the amount of food that you get is perfect - erring on the side of too much.  I am an EATER and did not clean my plate at each place, even when I desperately wanted to.  Some people in my group had 7:30 dinner reservations (tour was 3 to 6) - that was a joke - no way you could go out to eat after that!!I would recommend this tour to anyone and will definitely do another one.  I HIGHLY recommend this tour if you 1) are new to the area and want to learn about restaurants or 2) you have some guests coming in town and you really aren't sure what to do with them.
5	Just got back from the Dives to Dining tour in the Plaza-Midwood neighborhood and I am still stuffed! We had a group of 13 led by Michelle who was wonderful. She was knowledgable, charismatic, and really fun! Our stops included: The Pizza Peel & Tap Room, The Diamond, Dish, Fern-Flavors from the Garden, FuManChu Cupcakes, and Bistro La Bon. Every stop was organized and every item that we were served was delicious! I think the gem in the tour was FuManChu- Andy was hilarious and who can argue with alcohol infused cupcakes?! The one I chose was Flaming Peach which had Fireball whiskey. I would definitely stop back to most of the restaurants again! Michelle did mention that the locations may change depending on various factors. I know that there are a few others tours in different areas of the city which I am dying to check out! Overall I definitely recommend spending a few hours with Feast Food Tours- I promise you won't be disappointed and I bet you'll discover something new you'll love!
