5	I was referred to Dr. Or by a friend in my nursing program. I highly recommend him because he takes the time to go over all of my health concerns and no complaint was ever too trivial. He is very thorough in his examinations and spends a lot of time for patient teaching. This is one of the distinguishing factors that separates him from many other PCPs I've dealt with. I didn't feel like I was being rushed out for the next patient His office accepted my school health insurance, which was awesome. I was only charged a co-pay for each visit. I also never waited more than 10 mins! Shocking, right?Also, I sent my BF to Dr. Or for his Hyperthyroidism and the meds he was prescribed definitely decreased a lot of the symptoms my BF had. Less than 2 weeks into the treatment and my BF NO longer had palpitations, tremors, & the rapid weight loss! Dr. Or is great, intelligent and personable! I would recommend him to anyone!
5	I've been seeing Dr. Or for over 6 months and I've never been more satisfied every time I see him for a check up or a problem I am having.  I recommend anyone to see Albert for any questions or issues you are having. He makes you feel comfortable and less stress on any situation you are in. The best quality I believe he has is that he actually listens to you unlike other doctors that assume and ends up not being the problem.
5	Dr. Or is the best! I've been to several clinics in Nevada and none of them compare to the quick and friendly staff here. Dr. Or was able to see me on short notice and addressed my health concerns in a professional yet personable manner. He was very thorough and didn't rush me out the door as so many other doctors do. I highly recommend Dr. Or to everyone I know! :)
5	We are a family that don't usually like doctors however we have found Dr. Ram to be very patient and knowledgeable and takes his time to listen to us when we have any questions.   He has helped me at times when the specialist couldn't figure out what was wrong with me.  In my 20+ years of living in Las Vegas i truly feel he is one of the best doctors that has treated me.
5	Dr. Ram is a genuine, kind and caring professional. He is knowledgable of recent medical studies which he implements in his practice. He is up to date with the latest research and has great bedside manners. He educates his patients and takes his time with them. His facility is clean and staff professional. I am so glad he is my family doctor.
5	Dr. Or is very knowledgeable and caring. I highly recommend this clinic cuz of the staff and great Doctor!!!
1	Made an appointment on line and received a confirmation.  A couple of hours later received a call telling me that I did not have an appointment even do I had a confirmation.  What kind of customer service is that?  If there is no availability DO NOT CONFIRM the appointment or make it easier DO NOT POST ITMES YOU DON'T HAVE AVAILABLE.  If this is the first impression of the staff don't want to experience it in person.  Don't waste your time
3	All about the $ here pay before you see anyone. They double book for appointments so you always wait! I'm here for weight loss.If you want to see the Dr. For something different example you hurt your neck or you found a lump on your skin you must pay for a second appt. The weight loss is a totally different area. So tuff luck not really sure if they care about your over all Heath here?
1	I'm writing a review as I sit here in the private room waiting for my doctor.  I checked in for my 3pm appt at 2:45. It is now 5 and I have yet to see a doctor for a basic physical. I had to ask after sitting in the waiting room if they had forgotten me only to be called inside and wait for another hour and counting. No apologies , no communication on status. I will never go back to this place and would have walked out if i didn't need this done today, I've already wasted so much time. Seems as though having their patients wait is the norm since reception desk didn't flinch about my concern with the wait. If you value your time - I wouldn't choose them. There are too many choices to be wasting your time. I wouldn't know how to rate the doctors since I have yet to see one.
5	I feel badly for posting a negative review. I am unable to delete it so I'm resubmitting it.
1	Do not use these people. I am now four days without a prescription renewal. If you need a prior authorization, you had better plan for at least 2-3 weeks before you will get a prescription. And that is if the person handling them actually submits them to your insurance. The phlebotomists are Ok but it is not always a very pleasant experience. Be prepared to be shuffled around between staff when you have a real question and prepare for your appointments to start at least 30 -40 min after the scheduled time. You should also be prepared to wait even longer when they are backed up and no one will let you know there is a delay. I do like my PA, but the support staff just don't do their work. When you call in for a refill, you will be told that could take 48 - 72 hours. That is BEYOND unacceptable. I have never had to wait more then 24. So, if you have any serious condition, you HAVE to be on top of them constantly. You also need to check any prescription before you leave because they are often wrong. I am done. As soon as I get my refill, I WILL be finding another practice that actually carecares and WORKS for their patients.
1	Well, decide I will finally write a review. I'm a fairly new patient as I hardly go to the dr as it is. The first time I went in, it was for a physical but because I went in at a later time and I did not fast, I only got some blood work done. I had to come back the following week to do more blood work. Each time I went to the office I had to pay a copay of $25 (more expensive then other dr office unless its a specialist). Usually for physicals, everything should be free but I ended up receiving a bill a few weeks later saying I owe them $25...so paid a total of $75 just to get a physical. What a rip off.Because I'm a female, they said they prefer to give you a female dr. I had Dr. Jennifer or something like that. My first impression of her is that she sucks. Doesn't seem to remember things and seems like she is all over the place. When I did my physical, they did an ekg. Once we were done the assistant said to dress up and meet her outside without taking the pieces off of my body. At first I thought it was because we are going to another room to do something but nope. I had to take them off myself once I get to the other room after I asked Dr. Jennifer if I still needed them on. Talk about people not paying any attention!I also tried their Weight Loss Program, HCG to be exact. I'm not a newb when it comes to HCG as I have done it in the past using sublingual drops. I decided to try injections because it's once a day and I heard you get just as good results. After all is said and done, I will NEVER come back here to do HCG. 1. I was quite disappointed with the lack of care if you will. Since they had a dedicated weight loss person for their program, I thought I would be seeing the same person on a weekly basis. 2. They don't bother asking you how you're doing on the program or if you have any questions. When you come in, you weight yourself, get your shot and leave. 3. $500 for 26 days HCG injections. The price is beyond ridiculous. I don't even know what the breakdown is and I know B12 and HCG is quite cheap. Majority of the cost is probably for office visits and the 2 InBody Analysis that you get which I never got my last one done even though today was the last days of my shot. Which makes me think that they don't really keep track of your progress at all.4. Wait time at the clinic can range up to an hour if not more just for a shot. I really had high hopes for this place but the copay is expensive and the experience I had or lack of with the hcg program made me really disappointed. The only pro about this place is that they can draw blood for lab work at the office.I really wish I can get my refund on the program back too!! Grrr!!
1	I wish they had 0 STARS!!!Well, been trying to get a hold of the their weight loss physician for over almost a week and a half now. Every time I call, she's with a client so I leave a VM and I never get a call back. The receptionists takes my phone number down and still nothing. The last time I talked to her, she said she should have an answer the next day and it's a week and a half already with no phone calls back. This is beyond effing ridiculous. You're office is a major joke!
