4	Taco & Tequila Cantina Grill is new to Matthews. I think this location used to be an Italian restaurant, then a different Mexican restaurant, and is now home to Taco & Tequila Cantina Grill. It is right next to the Matthews Post Office, and across the street from Finz. The parking lot is small, but there is additional parking around the back of the building. Inside, they have a bar that you can sit at to enjoy some food, drinks, and tv, along with large seating areas. The service was efficient and friendly. The menu is not too big, unlike a lot of Americanized Mexican restaurants. When I go to a new place I like to know what the staff's favorite menu item is, usually their pick entices me to stray from my "norms" and pick something different. I asked the waitress what her pick of the menu was and she had no answer for me, she did not know. We started off with the bean and cheese dip, then, since the waitress did not have a favorite, I went with what I knew, the two enchilada and one taco combination. This came with refried beans and rice. The bean and cheese dip had great flavor, and was very addicting; the basket of chips disappeared before my eyes! The meal came out quickly, hot, flavorful, and generously portioned. My boytoy said the enchiladas were some of the best he's had around town. The beef had a lot of flavor and wasn't dry, and the enchilada sauce had all the right flavors. The service was friendly, food good, and prices fair. If you are in the area, stop in and check it out! We'll be back!
4	It isn't every day that I take the time to write a review just mere hours after visiting an establishment, but given that this restaurant is still new and doesn't have a review posted yet, I decided to step up to the plate and put pen to paper (actually fingers to keyboard, but you know what I mean haha) in order to help give back to all the yelpers out there who have been so helpful to me since I first joined the site.First, I want to let you know that restaurant.com had one of their awesome 80% off specials running a week ago and I saw this place listed with one of those great value $10 off $15 purchase coupons.   I love those coupons, because being the math nerd that I am, I am usually able to meet a friend for lunch and end up with a bill right at $15, resulting in a total bill of about $5 each (including tax and tip) with food left to spare.So, with coupon in hand, I headed over for lunch (very easy to find, just past the post office on John St), grabbed a parking space right up front (parking lot kinda tight with the multiple rows of diagonal spaces in front, but plenty of additional spaces in back).  Have to admit that it was kind of weird to be one of maybe only 2-3 cars in the parking lot at 11:30am on a Friday, but shrugged it off to the place still being new, so I headed inside with no expectations and an open mind.From the moment I entered, I felt very welcome, as each and every member of the staff that I encountered met me with a smile and made me feel like they were genuinely happy that I was there.  The hostess seemed to actually enjoy her job and all of the servers looked like they were excited to be there, which was a very welcome change from some restaurants where it seemed like the employees would rather be anywhere but at work.  Not the case here, as everyone was in such a great mood and it was contagious, so definite compliments to those who trained the staff as it was awesome to be in such a welcoming and friendly environment from start to finish.Now on to the food...The chips were fresh and not heavily salted like some places, which was a huge plus.  The red salsa had a nice flavor with just the right level of spiciness, and was not watered down or bland like the kind that is sometimes found in other places.  They have a special lunch menu where you can "build your own super lunch" for $5.99, and this includes 2 items from the following list (Taco, Enchilada, Burrito, Chimichanga, or Tostada), with your choice of filling (Chicken, Ground Beef, Shredded Beef, Beans, or Cheese) and you get rice, beans and salad with selection.  My friend ended up doing this and adding a Beef Tamale for $1, and it was definitely a great value for the price as he had enough food left over for dinner later.  I ended up getting the Deluxe Burrito for $8.99 (goal was to get as close to $15 as possible LOL) and again, it was a great value as it was very filling and wasn't smothered in a bunch of unnecessary everything.  Very good flavor with shredded chicken that was very tender .Service with a smile continued throughout the meal and I never once had to do the "where is my server neck workout" when my water cup was down to about half full.   We were asked multiple times how everything was, and the service was very attentive to every need without being intrusive.  My water cup was filled consistently, salsa was refilled promptly and we were asked if we would like more chips once you could start to see the bottom of the basket.  All definitely huge pluses. especially with the coupon clearly visible on the table, as you know some places get weird on service when a coupon comes into play, but here they loved the fact that we were giving them a shot and they welcomed the restaurant.com coupon with a smile (what else haha) and returned promptly with our bill ($8.33 total after coupon).We hung out for a while after we had paid the bill, and never once did we feel rushed, and they had no issue refilling our waters even after we had already paid.  Again, nice touch that speaks to the high level of service here.  The coolest part was, as we were getting ready to leave, they gave us both coupons for us to use on a return visit.  Coupon #1 - 30% off dinner "if you like us on facebook", Coupon #2 - $5 off $25 purchase and Coupon #3 - Buy one app get one 50% off.  The card containing coupons 2 and 3 actually had a sample menu an social media info on the back which to me was a cool touch and a nice way to drive repeat business and additional word of mouth.  Overall, I highly recommend that you head out to Matthews and give this new hidden gem a shot, as there is nothing better than finding that proverbial needle in the haystack, so check 'em out as it is great to find a place with such a high standard when it comes to customer service excellence.  I will definitely be back, even if I don't have a restaurant.com coupon!
1	the other reviews must have been written by friends and family because they are down right lies.  The food was horrible they werent serving half of the menu since they were having a party that night.  They also took 35 minutes for drinks since they didnt have "clean" glasses ready and when they came out finally they were warm since they were just ran through the dish washer.  The food took about 75 minutes to get one appetizer.  The wait staff was outside smoking with customers right next to our table.  This place is a dump and to be avoided at all costs when I asked to speak to a manager I was told he was busy setting up for this party.  Well I hope the party paid for expenses for the month because this place will be out of business soon if this is how they run things
1	The star is for the unsweetened ice tea, which was good.  Although it did take a while for it to get to the table.The chips were thick and tasted stale.  The pico de gallo, in the words of my spouse, was unseasoned and gross.  The house salsa tasted like tomato juice; even my ten-year-old hated it.I'd like to tell you how the food tasted, but I can't, because after waiting for our meals in a nearly empty restaurant for almost 45 minutes, we left.
1	Awful experience. I went last night because I wanted to try it and they were showing Mayweather vs canelo fight. First of all there were people ahead of us that were completely turned off by the fact that nobody greeted them or even tried to talk to them, (I really heard their complaints when they were leaving) even though there were two employees talking to each other minding their own business instead of helping people out.We finally got seated and we got one of the worst and rude waitress (her name is Carito) who never made us feel welcome or explain the menu or at least smiled the entire night. On top of that I think the owner's wife was more concerned in Collecting the cover to watch the fight than to provide a good customer service to us, so we told her to add the $10.00 cover to our bill.The food was OK but it would be a sin if you screw up nachos but what really pissed me off is that Carito tried to charge me $50.00 for an open bar (which is the cover for the fight and we only had to pay $10.00 for it) so I explained her that there was a problem with my bill so she tried to correct it.The second time she tried to charge me $25.00 extra and of course I complaint; she came the third time and told me it was corrected and she asked me if I was going to pay in cash or credit card and she was rushing me to pay and of course I checked the bill and there was a $20.00 cover charge.After the fourth try she made it right and my guess is that her and the rest of the  staff members try to charge extra thinking that people are stupid to ask or too drunk to care about their bill.The worst service I've received in a long time for food that it wasn't good. I even regret leaving her 15% tip.
2	I've got mixed feeling about this restaurant---I was taken there this past Sunday evening as a birthday treat by my son and husband. Got there around 6:00pm and although the place had empty tables we had to wait to be seated. My son has eaten here before and raves over the food so we thought an excellent choice for dinner. Now, the first reviewer on Yelp really raves over the service and warm staff, but I found neither to be true. They barely acknowledged us ---the chips were terribly stale and salsa bland.    Now , we placed our orders and we waited 45 minutes for the food to come---I had asked our server if something was wrong as it was 7:00pm and still no food. She said one of their cooks was not there that night and they were a bit behind. No dear, you were way behind ---when the food came out all the rice and bean sides were stone cold but the entrees were at least hot. We informed her of this and they brought out all  new (and hot) rice and bean. At no time did the server ask to refill my husband's ice tea ---that is just poor service. I do think the food is very good and high quality but the service and professionalism is sorely lacking. There have been at least four different restaurants located at this site--maybe some of you remember Glorious Cuisine from the late 80's , then Rao's and another Mexican place which did not make it. I would at least try the place one more time just to see if the service gets any better because the food is well prepared and good---just indifferent on the service.
1	Got a Groupon for $30 worth of food for $15, so I decided to try it out.  Got there around 5pm on a Sunday and the restauant was probably about 40% full.  We were seated and ordered drinks.  Drinks and chips and salsa came out pretty fast, but we never saw our waitress again for 10 minutes or so.  When we did, she apologized and explained there was a mix up.  I wouldn't normally take stars away for a small inconvience.We put in our orders which included an appetizer (cheese and bean dip).  Another 15 minutes later (and feeling forgotten again) we waived our waitress over and asked about the dip as we did not want it to come out with our food.  She returned with it a minute later.  The dip included no beans and had clumps of unmelted cheese from whatever frozen bag it probably came from.  Our food orders took another 15 minutes (30+ minutes from when we ordered to come out).  No one ever apologized for the delay or warned us that the kitchen was slow which was frustrating.  After reading a few other Yelp reviews, doesn't seem like this is unusual.My wife got the arroz con pollo which she enjoyed, but didn't think it was any better than other Mexican restaurants.  I got a Tequila Shrimp Burrito.  My burrito had a few chopped up small shrimp and a bunch of large mushrooms (which were not listed in the description).  It was covered with "Tequila" sauce which was basically more queso.  Like the queso, the guacomole served on the side did not appear to be made in house.  The rice and beans that came with it were mainly refried beans.  There was a little tiny bit of overcooked rice mixed in the beans (they aren't served separately).  The refried beans did taste like they were made in house, hence the star.I noticed other tables around us had the same problems with slow service.  A couple that came in 20 minutes after us were served their food 5 minutes before we got our food.  I've had better experiences at El Valle in Matthews which is a stones throw away.  Tacos and Tequila advertises as upscale Mexican, but if that is what you are wanting, you should make the drive to Cantina 1511.
4	Food was absolutely amazing. Service was quick and server's we're very helpful and knowledgeable !! Will definitely go again!!!
4	Like some of the other reviews, the food is the better part of the overall experience here. We went here to use a coupon from restaurant.com. It was encouraging to see that there appeared to be a large crowd on a Saturday night, and we were acknowledged promptly by several staffers passing by. Similarly, when we were seated, no less than three different servers took out drink orders. This gives me the impression they aren't really organized from an operational perspective. The location is an old Shoney's with the telltale atrium windows, but is pleasant.On to the food, my wife and I ordered the taco platters with 2 brisket, 1 chicken, and 1 shrimp each. While we waited, we went through a basket of chips and 2 little bowls of the house salsa and pico, both very savory and good. Our tacos took a little while to arrive but we were both very impressed at their "authenticity." Unlike the typical low end Mexican style restaurants, our plates weren't loaded with fattening refried beans and tons of rice. We were very happy with the dishes. By the way, Despite the initial confusion, our server also ended up taking very good care of us. We even ordered the dessert, a very flavorful flan, which we devoured. Based on the food, we would definitely eat here again. But we realize the service could be iffy depending on the crowd and our luck in getting the right server. 4 for food and 3 for service and experience.
2	Warning Yelpers: This place no longer honors Restaurant.com coupons. There are signs all over the front doors stating this, which is ...weird. I didn't have a coupon but several reviewers here mentioned them. I ate here and died of boredom. We ordered the smaller plate of Aguachiles ($17!) and Enchiladas in Mole sauce ($7 for lunch)The wait was very long because I ordered from the dinner menu at lunch time, but that's not a problem. There were 3 complimentary bowls of salsa:  standard, tomatillo and pico de gallo. I liked the pico de gallo, they all tasted ok but they were so bland that we finished all 3 bowls without even noticing it. I ordered the Aguachiles because the dish looked exactly like ceviche of filet shrimp that Fiesta Jalisco used to serve at this same location.  But Jalisco's was hot and  delish while this was nothing of the sort. It didn't even have avocado and red peppers like the picture on their menu. All we could taste was first sharp red onions, then lime juice and finally ground jalapenos, bitter and sharp, $17 for a small portion?1 starNext the enchilada, the mole sauce was not bad, not great but the chicken was dry (because Gringos insist on white meat only) and when I was offered a bit more all I could reply was "no thanks, I'm bored with this"  I'm giving them 2 stars instead of only 1 because the waitress cared and tried her best, but next time I'll drive down to La Unica instead
4	Great carne asada, service, and authentic cuisine.  The cheese dip was lacking flavor and spice.  Overall a good place and I would visit again.
1	I will not return to this restaurant. The service being the main reason. The servers seemed unorganized and out waitress hardly ever checked in on us. Food took an inordinate amount of time to receive and the order was wrong when it arrived. Taco Bell includes more meat in a taco than what I had. The salsas were good, and our chips were fresh- but this is an easy "pass."
1	I came to this place bc my friend gave me a groupon, so my expectation is not high at all. However, the whole dinning experience is just HORRIBLE!!!! Waiting 15 min to be seated, which it's understandable for a Saturday night. The waitress didn't came to the table til I waved her down to ask for a server, bc i sat down for 15 min without a drink, but the table next to me got their drink a long time before us, and they came after me!Ordered Fuente Marinia, a seafood plate with crab leg, mussel, clam, scollop, octopus, and shrimp. I asked for no mussel and no octopus, just extra shrimp! I also ordered a sopa de pollo.When the plate came, there's no CRAB LEG on it. And there's only 2 big shrimp! So no worth for $23! I just told the server to send it back and get me tres amigos(chicken, steak, and shrimp). Such a disappointment. Then I found a yellow rubber in my chicken soup!!!!! So I just tell her to switch to shrimp tacos without onions for me. She kept apologizing, but I can see she was annoy by I kept founding something wrong with the order.And when the tacos came, guess what!!! There's onions on them. You would thought she would paid extra attention to the order since the "kitchen" messed up soapy times already. But no!!!!At the end I just tell her to box up the tacos, even tho there's onion on them. I would have return everything and left if I didn't have the groupon. I definitely will NOT go back.Oh and she tried to charge me the $23 for the $16 plate I switched to. Ugh never againOh I guess the only ok thing is the mango margarita
1	I honestly don't know how this place stays in business. Why? I will explain. We decided to give this place another try after the first review I left on Yelp back in November 2013. I want to be completely fair and impartial  as I know this is a business that wants to succeed. My husband , son and I decided to return last night, a Tuesday, and we had the extra bonus of a coupon from the Clipper magazine. We were seated promptly , after all, Tuesday is hardly a busy night in most restaurants. The server , pretty young gal. greeted us, and took drink orders, which came back quickly. OK---the service was fast , not like the first night we were there and that is a plus. Now , the server took our orders and I  would estimate that our dinners were served in about 15 minutes. They looked pretty appetizing and I could not wait to dig in---hubby ordered the mixed Fajitas, our son had the Carnitas, his all time favorite, and I ordered a mixed platter of taco, enchilada and chimichanga. If you re-read my first review of this place I had issues with the rice and beans being stone cold so, without delving into the other dishes , I decided to try the rice first---as soon as I placed my fork into the rice I pulled up a five inch long hair that was dangling on the end of the fork!!!  I was so shocked and disgusted I could barely speak. My husband got up immediately to find our waitress and told her what was in the food---her immediate response was "it's not my hair" to which my husband repied, "why does it  matter whose it is, it's hair".  She took the plate away and asked if I wanted anything else--like I could enjoy a meal after the experience I just had---my poor hubby and son were now bleakly looking at their food and wondering if the same would occur. Fortunately, it did not but how could one enjoy a meal with the thought of the hair maybe turning up in their food!I think what angered and disturbed us most was that no  manager, male or female , ever came to our table to offer their apologies . I sat there in stunned silence as my husband and son ate , not enjoying this experience and who could blame them?  When done, we asked for the check, minus my meal and the coupon and left without a word or a thank you.  It's  not my intention to ruin the dining experience of others but you will have to decide for yourselves if this is something you wish to endure while dining at this place. I realize these occurrences happen once in a while in the restaurant industry but it is inexcusable for the manager not to at least make an appearance at our table ---was it that embarrassing to you?  Very sad indeed and we will never come back!
4	We just moved to Charlotte and have been looking for a relatively inexpensive spot for Mexican food. I think we have found it.  The only downside is we went in for lunch and it took about 45 minutes. In my opinion that's a little too long.
2	Not a big fan. There are similar Mexican joints near me that are better.The food was fine. Nothing great. The service was slow the night I was there. If I lived near it, I might go back. But I would not make a special trip for it. Again, there are a number of similar Mexican places around town. This does not rise above average in my book.
3	Everything was just ok... Drinks took forever! Food was just ok... Atmosphere decent but nothing special.
4	Typical Mexican restaurant- bright colors and tacky decorations.  A projection big screen showed ESPN Deportes (in Spanish).  Decent service, plentiful good food, and fair prices.  We ordered the combo chicken & beef fajitas to share.  While waiting, we received the setups (lettuce, guacamole, sour cream, rice), then waited another 15 minutes while the rice got cold until the fajitas came.  There was enough for two more meals.  My son's quesadilla was exactly what he ordered/liked.We'll definitely go back.  Parking is poor, so if it's busy, good luck!
1	Even though there are not many good Mexican restaurants in Matthews or Charlotte, they still need to have expectations. Even though the food was decent, the service was TERRIBLE. We couldn't understand a word the waiters where saying, mostly because they were hardly whispering to us. Their thick accents mixed with the whispering was very difficult to understand. On top of that, we had about a 15 minute wait for just drinks, and about a 40 minute wait to get our food. We had seven people with us, and three of them didn't fully enjoy the food, and one of them hardly ate any of it. The most enjoyable part of the restaurant was there nice bathrooms. Over all we were disappointed and probably will not return to this restaurant.
1	The service was horrible and the food was even worse.  Beans were like wallpaper paste.  The chicken tasted like a piece of charcoal right out of the fire.   Ceviche not sure what that was didn't look like shrimp to me.  I'm usually not a picky person but I won't be back to this place. I ll leave on a positive note...the chips were good.
4	I love this place. The BEST MARGARITAS! It does take a while to make them.... But it's because they're made from scratch. They make their own simple syrup, squeeze the limes themselves and all. Amazing. I like mine frozen. Not to mention they're huge. You can go for the top shelf ones if you want but the house one are just as good. The fajitas are awesome, the salsas are great as well. I've tried tons of things from their menu and never been dissatisfied. Love this place.
2	Second time here since we moved from St.Louis, MO 8 months ago. It was OK both times. Upon entering the restaurant today for lunch, the Health Department score was 93.I wanted to turn around and walk out, to me, that speaks volumes about a place that I actually want to eat at. However, my hubby and son wanted to give it a try. The tortilla chips were horrible to me. They gave an oily after taste where I could not even taste the tortilla chip at all. The salsa was good and the 2 shredded beef chimichangas were OK. The environment could have been cleaned much better than it appeared, hazy mirrors, floor needed to be swept. It was very hard to understand our waiter,although I think he was pleasant!At this point after seeing the 93 score, I think I'd like to try another place that has higher scores. I admit I am a clean freak when it comes to someone preparing my food. As a former Missourian, we did not have number scores to restaurants, only letter scores. Grade A, you would think that was great...until you really see how they come up with that grade after all the mishaps are subtracted from 100. There is a 10 point difference between Grade A & Grade B. I will be looking up this place's score to see how they did on their 93 score inspection.I love what North Carolina does by posting their scores as you enter the establishment. My new home state, suits me well with their Health Department scores and how they publish it and all the things that were found wrong on inspection day.
1	I would pass on this establishment. The food was just OK, meat was undercooked for sure. What really stands out is the lack of management's service, I tried this place with my wife for lunch with a Living Social voucher. When i went to pay with it they said it was for dinner only. No where on the voucher is the word dinner. NO WHERE. We had a great server, Ashley, but management el suckos. There is much better Mexican food in Matthews than this joint as well.  UPDATE after management response ....nowhere on the voucher is the word DINNER mentioned. NO  WHERE! I don't want free food, I make more money than you and have no problem paying for meals. All I wanted was for you to honor the voucher. The voucher isn't for free food either jackass, it's $30 for $15. If I never paid for it how would I have it in my possession? If I never paid for it why would Living Social refund my money for it after you refused it FOR NO REASON? You don't have to be Mexican to be an idiot. Check your new Living Social voucher that went live today too, guess what? THE WORD DINNER IS NO WHERE ON THERE EITHER!   Your business won't last long because of your lack of service and attitude. I can give you a list of restaurants that do offer service not attitude if you would like some lessons.
1	When on Friday night the worts service we leave 5 min after our arrival never going back they are really rude
2	The food here as okay, nothing incredible, but average Mexican food here in the suburbs of Charlotte.  Our main issue was the waitstaff which basically was non-existent the late afternoon we dined in.  We waited about 45 minutes for our dinners, and before that about 15 for drinks/chips/salsa.  We only ordered waters so it wasn't a difficult drink order or anything.  We almost got up and left but we noticed the people next to us were getting attention so we figured our service would change, but it did not.  It was not a busy rush time or anything either so it was incredibly frustrating.  When we mentioned how long we'd been waiting and were curious to why the waitress looked confused and walked off.  We waited about 15 minutes to get our check and left.  Other than the horrible service we experienced, the food was fine, we may or may not go back here.
1	Horrible visit. Lousy service, mediocre food and a dirty place. It's no wonder there were only a few other people there for dinner.
2	Waited almost 2 hours for food. One server for about 11 tables. Poor thing was running like crazy. First batch of chips we got were cooked in so much leftover oil they tasted like old oil. Second round was better. By the time we got our food we just had a packed up so we could leave. No drink refills. However very nice folks. I may give it one more chance just because of how nice the owners were.
5	Some of the best salsa and pico!  The chips always come out hot and fresh.  The staff are very friendly and the food is authentic tasty.  A must try!
