5	I love these trails.  Because there are so many options, you can stream-line a hike suited just for you. Flat, hills, windy trails, far, long, short, loop, line, ect.  Almost all the trails allow dogs (Yai ) on a leash, of course. (much appreciated, for those with dogs on leash, {me}  and esepcially for those who don't like dogs running at them).  Several difficulty levels & lengths.  Such a good work-out!  All ages.  I love the loop trails because i can usually go for an entire hour and rarely run into anyone (another Yai ! here).  I think some of my fav loops are Yates & Quartz.Happy Hiking!
5	The Phoenix Mountain Preserve is one of the best kept secrets in town where you can escape the city in moments and enjoy miles of hiking and biking trails and solitude.Fred the Dog and I hike out here most every morning... he is quite fond of  his trail time. There is a good mix of folks on the trails including hikers, walkers, mountain bikers and horse people.I started a FaceBook page called Phoenix Mountain Preserve Life if you'd like to join and add your own pics and comments. We even have a page for dogs of trail 100... my personal favorite.
5	I love the Phoenix Mountains Preserve, pure and simple. The 40th St. & Shea Blvd. entrance is super convenient. Trails are well-kept up, and bike trails are fabulous. Had a great hike a few days back, and without all the crowds of Piestewa Peak. Everyone wants to climb Piestewa, leaving the rest of the preserve in the hands of the few. :) Been looking at places to live in the midwest lately. Places like St. Louis, or Kansas City. And should I chose to leave Phoenix, the Preserve will surely be the place I miss the most. If you're looking for a fabulous hike, the Preserve will give you just what you need, all while enriching you with the splendor of the desert, where at times, you'll feel far from any trace of civilization. Check out the website for trail information, and bring plenty of water! Also, try to explore it 3-4 days after a good rain. The mud will be gone, and the entire place has a green glow of lush wildflowers and grasses. Really a great sight.
4	What a great place to enjoy some outdoor hiking/biking/walking!  Situated just next to Piestewa Peak, the 32nd and Lincoln trailhead is easily accessible (although popular, so you might have to park across the street), and excellently maintained.  The difficulty level depends on which trail you take, and how far you go.  It starts of as a gentle slope, but the further you go, the steeper it gets.  I have no idea of the distance we travelled, but we hiked for a total of 1.5 hours (ish), and there were a few parts that were pretty strenuous.  Excellent workout, beautiful scenery, and 75 degree weather (in January) made for a lovely hike!
4	This is such a beautiful area to hike especially in the fall and spring when the weather is nice. There are many different trails to hike for all different levels that one is after in their workout. The trails are clean and well maintained too. Piestewa Peak is very nice to hike on the main trail, however, during the week is the best time to hike the main trail since the weekend you are stuck with TONS of people on this trail. I am a native of Phoenix and this is one of the nicest places to hike within the city.
5	This Mountain has been a great backup plan since Camelback Mountain is closed until the end of Fall. I know, how lame of CAMELBACK!! :(But honestly, this Mountain does the job. It's tranquil and beautiful. It's a great place to get away from it all and just relax with a walk around and up the Mountain, or even a nice jog. The only thing I do want to warn you about is snakes. BE CAREFUL, we came across a striped orange and black snake, nothing too scary looking, more of a cute, large colorful reptile. But still, watch out and bring water bottles since its slowly starting to heat up out there!!! Oh and I can't wait to try out the bike trails!! FUN!!!
5	Yay for hiking I would go here right after we've had a rainy day because then the scenery is amazing and you feel like you're in Hawaii! Free parking and not too far from the 51! Hike was a medium difficulty :)
5	Why do hikers assume its better to leave your dogs poop in a plastic bag on the trail than to just leave the poop? They never return to claim their poop bags.argh, i don't mean to complain. this is a lovely park right in our great city. the trail head off shea and 40th (i think it's 40th) usually has plenty of parking and if not, you can park in certain areas along the road. there are bathrooms and water at the trail head. it's a horse/hiker/biker friendly trail and it's normally packed every sat and sun. I rode my standard Trail 100 from the lot to 7th street and back. with side trails off 100, you can make it as easy or as difficult as you want. getting hot and the snakes are out. be careful!
5	Phoenix has several good mountain parks and preserves, and this is my favorite. It is easily accessible (via SR-51 and E. Glendale Avenue) and has numerous trails of varying degrees of ease or difficulty, all of which give you great views of the component mountains of the park or of the metropolitan area around it. While Piestewa Peak and its very popular summit trail are part of the preserve, I usually hike and explore the other trails and peaks; these are much less crowded and the hikes are just as scenic. There are several good facilities for picnicking and restrooms are available at the parking areas. And oh yes, there are ample parking spaces here, unlike in most of the other mountain parks of the city.
5	I love hiking all around here. There are tons of trails and plenty of different access points. You can go from all the way from Scottsdale to Sunnyslope.
5	another great mtn bike ride. not too packed as it is already hot by 8m, and the parking lot is empty by the time i finish my ride. i think after the latest bouts of rain, the trail is a bit washed out....it seemed more full of loose rock and gravel this morning out...or maybe i'm just getting old....
5	It's 63 degrees at 5:30 am - bring plenty of water
4	Hands down, the Lincoln Rd trailhead is one of my favorite trails, and I love it's right in the city! This is a great trail for hiking or running, and I like to do both! Watch out for critters! Snakes love these trails as much as we do....Hey dog parents!!!! This is a great trail for my dog -- if you're bringing your dog, remember to bring water for your furry friend... and extra bags for poop. Bonus is this trailhead has a doggie bag dispenser and a waste bin in case you forgot to grab some on your way out the door! Your dog will probably poop - there are too many exciting smells (mine nearly loses her mind sniffing and scurrying after smells - she looks practically manic when we first start out);  I can only imagine this is like the canine equivalent of all those tourists who kissed Oscar Wilde's tomb in Pere LaChaise (I never understood that).  This trail is generally clean and clear from litter and poop, but it's sorta befuddling to me how some doggers will bag poop but then leave it on the side of the trail. I've passed same bags heading in and on my way out, leaving me to wonder if someone forgot to pick up a "deposit?" I definitely don't mind picking up my little gal's poops, but I do mind picking up other pups' drops (Mr and Mrs Non Pooper Scooper), and leaving doggie drops makes all doggers look guilty by association. I want to retain the ability to bring my dog with me, and although I will grab and bag others, I don't particularly want to be the pooper scooper of the Lincoln Trailhead, so let's work together to keep these trails clean!
5	I truly adore the Phoenix Mountains Preserve.  I usually went to Squaw Peak, but after an ankle debacle, I needed something easy to get back in the swing of things.  Enter the Preserve, recommended by a coworker.  I drove on over and was happy to see that there were multiple trails to try.  I asked a fellow hiker what they thought to be a good trail, and so I took #8.  It's nice because it's mostly a scenic hike with a steady incline (mostly).  It's very calm and relaxing out there, as there are usually just a few other hikers.  I like being out in nature and this is the place to get it. I highly recommend for anyone who wants to try something other than the usual hustle and bustle of Camelback or Squaw Peak.
5	Awesome place to hike And adore the great views.  We took the Circumference trail that took around the park, hiked up through the peak to see the views of the city.  Great views, great exercise...had runners on the trail, next time we'll take the Summit trail to the top.  Easy to get to, 5 miles from Phoenix, lots of parking and amenities. Great trails, something for everyone!
5	I love the way Phoenix has protected so many gorgeous mountains for use by the public. This is a favorite hike when I go to visit my family there. Squaw Peak is referred to as the "stair master" of hikes and it is pretty much just that. You will see runners up and down the trail, lots of dogs and families with small children. The trail is a bit rocky as well so wear sturdy shoes and be sure to bring water! Even if you are used to the desert heat, it's better to go early. Parking can be a real problem on weekends and holidays so you may have to stalk someone to get a space.
4	Great short hike 2.5 miles RT. Good  daily trail - little Rocky and rock hopping most of the way up - good elevation 990'.. Lots of friendly locals and daily enthusiast at the preserve. Drinking water at the trailhead .
5	The hike can be tough so make sure you go early and take lots of water. There were a lot of people on the trail but I never felt crowded. At the beginning it seems as if the hike is not going to have any good views but it is great at the top. Saw several people jogging the trail on the way down, also saw 2 people bite it pretty bad on the way down... please be careful!
