4	Pizza was quite good, fast and really delicious. Handmade food with great ingredients.
3	Walked into this pizzeria while looking for a place to have a quick bite to eat shortly after arriving in Montreal. This place did the trick!We got seated and our order taken right away.We ordered the garlic bread and then a Pizza to share. Our order came right away and they were both very good. They have a wood burning oven and the pizza is prepared from scratch right before your eyes.Affordable and good, what else can you ask for?!I'll definitely come back next time I'm in the mood for pizza.3 stars only since this is a casual place where you go for a quick bite. Nothing memorable.
4	excellent price to quality ratio. pizza is handmade and coal/wood oven fired. one size = medium/large. they load on the fresh/quality toppings. fast service from no nonsense middle aged quebecoise ladies. pies average 10$ and prices include tax. pizza places like this are few and far between in montreal - it is not overly fancy/expensive and not pizzahut-like. just a good place to get a decent pie on the way home after a busy day with the change left in my car's ashtray. i call in my order before pickup - they're terse: name and number are unnecessary.
4	Love the 4 cheese They have great pizza although I have never eaten there, just get take out.  Price is fair, good tomato sauce and nice thin crust oven pizza.  I have tried their All dressed, the Margarita, and the number 26 which has eggplant and anchovies.  The only thing non pizza I would also recommend is the Eggplant parmigiana.  Well worth the price and really among the better and convenient pizza joints.
2	Ate here 1 and 1/2 times. The first time I really enjoyed the pizza but the service was slow. Being a pizza lover and living so close by I returned. The 2nd time was awful, we were rudely seated, then left to wait for literally 10 minutes. When we made eye contact with the waitress to place our order, she ignored us. We tried a second time, but the waitress said it was another waitress's table. After close to 15 minutes of waiting, we got up and left!
5	Great pizza!And they even have whole wheat options for the more fussy eaters like myself, which is rare.
4	They have great Italian pizzas. The pricing is also fair.The lady assuming manager or owner was responding in French when we were asking stuff in English which was a bit strange for my friends. Maybe we took it in a wrong way :)
