4	Have you wondered what you get when you buy a quarter of a cow ? Well here is the  list.  The Date Creek Ranch  out in Wickenburg raises their own cows from birth out on the grass range. They keep the animals healthy and happy ( I hear they get cable)  with little stress. They use no hormones, pesticides, antibiotics or steroids. In the unlikely event that an animal becomes sick and requires antibiotics, that animal is removed from the herd .  Because our cattle are raised right here on clean, healthy pastures they are not exposed to diseases. They are easy to deal with and you pick up your beef in the town or arrange to have it delivered.  Prices are reasonable and comes out about  4.00 a pound. Quarter Animal Standard Cutting List (Weights differ from animal to animal):    * 4 chuck roasts    * 2 round bone roasts ( or 1 round bone roast and 1 boneless chuck roast)    * 3 - 4 packages of shortribs    * 3 london broil    * 2 bottom round roasts    * 1 eye of round roast    * 2 porterhouse steaks    * 6 sirloin tip steaks    * 5 - 6 T-bone steaks    * 6 ribeye steaks    * 3 tenderloin steaks    * 2 - 3 tri tip steaks    * 3 top sirloin steaks    * 2 - 3 packages of stew meat    * Approximately 20 packages of hamburger in 1 - 1 & 1/2 lb. packages    * 2 packages of dog bones/ stew bonesDate Creek also has you pick apples and peaches and it's a bit of a drive but still fun to take a picnic out and pick fruit for the day .When the fruit is ripe, the public is invited to visit the ranch, weekends only, from 7 AM to 3 PM. to pick   My daughter still remembers going and wants to go again.  They provide tools such as wheelbarrows to help you when you are out picking. You can  call 1-928-231-0271 or 928-776-8877 for updates on the fruit's availability. Check them out! And tell them Debbie L.  sent you!
5	What a WONDERFUL place!  Lovely People.... Great Grass Fed Beef... and history to boot~!Love this place with all my heart!
5	I went here with my family and had a wonderful time. It was a little under a two hour drive from Phoenix, but well worth the trip. It is literally an orchard in the middle of the desert - pretty amazing if you ask me! The people here are really nice and helpful. We arrived at 2:30 (they close at 3) and after we picked out our wheelbarrow I confirmed that we had 20 minutes to pick our apples and the man replied, "Ma'am, this is the country. We close when you are done picking apples. Take your time." So...we did take our time...an hour and a half...and had fun. You can pick pears, golden delicous, red delicious, braeburn and fuji apples for $1/lb and they are all organic! They also have some animals - pigs, cows, horses - which my kids enjoyed seeing. Overall, it was a fun family outing and I would definitely do it again :)
5	Bought a 1/4 cow and was amazed with the quality.  I am an avid grass fed beef eater and absolutely give Date Creek Ranch 5 stars.The steaks were tender, delicious and had a very nice color to them.  Additionally they added some liver to our order as per request.  They weren't sure if they could do that but when we got home we were surprised to see 4lbs of liver in our package!!!Secondary bonus:  When we thaw the meat it didn't leak juice from the packages
5	We just got our second whole steer from them, they are amazing; fantastic meat quality all grass fed of course and the processing is fantastic. We also buy our pigs from them.
