5	This place is awesome.  No other putt-putt in the area.  They serve booze, decent food, and half of the course is underground.  Great date spot, and normally no wait as the place is relatively un-known.
4	Every summer, I get obsessed with a particular activity (last summer, it was enamelworking). It's like the UV sinks into a specific section of my brain and fires up some neurons that don't stfu until November. Anyway! Putt-putt! What is up!Lost Duffer has some A+'s going for it.Underground Blacklight Golfing (10th hole on) - A+.5 bucks for 18 holes - A+.Totally doable "win a free game" last hole - A+.Large arcade, well priced - A+.Beer! A+.In a weird almost-an-apartment-complex area, so it can be rough to find. Little dingy, especially the underground section. Lots of places to unintentionally chuck your ball into the great ball graveyard. Holes are tightly packed, so half the time you have to remind yourself (or the peeps ahead of ya) to step off the green, please. But pretty damn awesome.
4	This is just a swell mini golf course.  The theme is gold mining, so you start off above ground, putting and admiring the scenery, then you descend into the depths of the mine shaft where black lights and glowing electric tape await you.  Above ground its already pretty challenging, so definitely give your eyes a minute to adjust when you get into the mine shaft or you'll end up putting into oblivion. After you've gone a round or two, yes, there is a rather impressive throwback arcade that you could drop a few bucks at - they got the pac-man, the frogger, I didn't see if they had the space invaders but they may have.  And their hours are kind and allow for diverse levels of enjoyment- come in the morning/afternoon with the kids, come after dinner till 10 PM and enjoy a few brews.
3	A fairly fun mini golf-course, but the $5/person fee is a little steep considering that the course is pretty simple and straightforward.  There aren't any windmills or clown's mouth-style holes which are often kind of the staple of the mini-golf world.  Some holes were fairly challenging but it seemed that too many either sloped away from or towards the hole.  As a result, it was either a cinch to get a hole-in-one or it was a pain to get it just right.  I like a challenge, but I prefer some obstacle/timing/distance related challenges too.  You can drink beers while playing.  The $2+ price is reasonable but no steal.
3	Sucks that Charlotte only has one mini golf course, but this one is quite good. I have been a few times and have always had fun. It is fairly priced, contains some challenging holes and half of it is in a "mine" with black lights AWESOME. The only complaint I have is that a lot of the wholes seem to be in drains, which can make it easy for a hole in one.
5	Well kept secret in University City. Took the kids for a day out. Very affordable prices. $5 for each game per person. 25 cents for the video games. Throwback video games (Pac-Man, Moon Patrol, Donkey Kong, Foosball, Air Hockey). 9 holes of the putt-putt are above ground, the back 9 are underground. The kids thought it was pretty cool. Great spot to get to if you want to get out with the kids or have a date night out with the missus. A+++++ Now that's what's up!!!!
