4	We ate here tonight on its opening night. We were celebrating my grandmother's birthday.  Everyone was so friendly but more importantly the food was AMAZING!!!  One of the owners even came over a few times to chat and make sure things were up to par.  I had the baby wedge salad and the fillet mignon. The salad was the perfect portion with just the right amount of toppings.  The steak was so tender and delicious it literally just melted in my mouth.  They also have this pretzel bread with different flavored butters that was to die for! I only have one slight complaint: it took a while for everything to come to the table but I'm sure it just had to do with the fact that it was opening night. Certainly not enough to not make me want to come back again.  Nice work everyone...hope this place stays around.
4	This place has been open less than a week and I've eaten there twice!  A great variety of appetizers, but my fave was the potato/corn chowder - the best I've ever eaten.  Cask 63 offers a wide array of entree's as well. There were 6 at our table today and we had salmon, pasta, BBQ pork sandwich on ciabatta roll, 1/2 baked chicken and the pear salad with grilled shrimp.  We all sampled each others meals and all were wonderful.  The dessert menu looked great, but we were all so full, we couldn't do it.  Did I mention the pretzel bread they put on the table?  OMG, so good.The prices are what I would expect to pay in a Scottsdale fine eatery, the portion sizes absolutely justify.  The servers were great, friendly and attentive without hovering over you.  The owners both stopped by our table to thank us for coming in, a very nice touch.I would absolutely recommend Cask 63, for it's wonderful food, relaxing atmosphere and great service.  This one should be around a long time!!
5	Wow... This restaurant is AMAZING... The food and service were spot on perfection!!! Eric our waiter was so attentive, our drinks were always full and we LOVED all his recommendations! Our family dinner was one of the BEST we have had in a long time. I must say the RACK OF LAMB is so wonderful. And the PORK TENDERLOIN was the best we have had in a long time.. I will be back for more for sure.. ENJOY!!!
4	This new restaurant is just around the corner from my house and I was itching for it to open since the concept and menu both sounded great.  Visited last night and there are lots of great things about this place.  The decor is tasteful and chic and very comfortable.Overall I was very pleased with my experience.  The waitstaff and management are attentive without being annoying.  Patrick was our server and he's one of the best I've ever had.  The food was very good.  We decided to order the filet and the burger and split the entrees. The filet mignon was amazing.  The burger was very good although the ciabatta bun is much larger than the actual burger, but the burger itself was excellent.  For appetizers we had the calamari and the blue cheese wedge salad.  The blue cheese dressing is much different than typical Maytag blue cheese you get in other restaurants.  It was the best blue cheese I've ever had and I consider myself an expert on it.  The calamari was definitely a lowlight and I wouldn't recommend it at all.  We did share our thoughts on the calamari with Patrick our server and the manager and I believe they'll retool it or eliminate it.All in all it was an excellent experience and I believe that there's 5 star potential in this restaurant's future.
5	I have to say, for just being open 2 weeks, I was very surprised at my dining experience at Cask 63.  We ate at the bar and had excellent service.  Kathy, who was dead on with her recommendations, was awesome.  Lawrence allowed me to sample their signature cosmo and I was hooked.  Top notch bartenders!  The food was fantastic!  A nice ecelctic menu.  The seabass is a must.  I'd go back tonight!
4	I went here last Friday night with a party of 6 at about 8:30pm.  We had a reservation so were seated right away.  It looks like this place gets pretty crowded so I would recommend reservations.I don't want to compare this place to Bloom but I just can't help it.  I've only dined at Bloom 3 or 4 times over the years but this place just reminds me of it.  The look and the food are a bit different but the essence of the place is still there.  Not that it is a bad thing.  Its just very similar in my eyes.*Pretzel bread they give you to start = awesome.  They don't give you the traditional pretzel roll with normal butter.  Instead, they give you 3-inch long pretzel "sticks" with 3 different types of butter.  It was great.*Wedge salad = excellent.  It was big, bacony and blue cheesey - just the way I like it.*Beef brisket burger.  This was easily one of my top 10 favorite burgers.  Perfectly cooked, very tender and juicy.  Just very tasty all around.  The outside had the perfect amount of crunch and the bacon/brisket added awesome flavor and texture.  The parmesan fries were amazing as well.  Salty, crunchy on the outside, fluffy on the inside.  The sweet potato fries were not very good.  I thought they were soggy and the dipping sauce was blah.  Plus I don't like when random herbs are put on fries that make them taste weird.The rest of my party wasn't equally impressed with their meals for various reasons.  The service was pretty good except it took forever to get our main courses.  The owner/manager/someone important did come by our table to ask how everything was which was very nice.
5	My wife and I had a wonderful evening. our server Daniel was very helpful and enthusiastic  I recommend their martini...a satisfying 6 ounces. We split a pear salad. Our entrees were Chilean sea bass and lobster pot pie. the pot pie was 'deconstructed' as Daniel described. It was a taste treat....a sort of reduced boulliabase. Pineapple upside down cake for dessert. Highly recommended ..
4	My girlfriends and I decided to check this place out around 7pm on a Saturday night, thinking that we won't need reservations cause its new. Haha, well I recommend making reservations, we were quoted an hour wait but were offered to check out their lounge that is first come first serve. We went for the lounge option and happened to luck out finding three, out of the ten, stools at the bar available. The restaurant is extremely loud and the lounge area is no different. The decor is trendy and contemporary with greys and whites. The lounge area offers one small flat screen that had ESPN playing, but this is not the place to watch sports.The two bartenders on were very friendly and greeted us right away and we given a drink and food menu. Let me say that I wanted to try every item on the food menu as all the options sounded delicious. The drink menu, well for advertising as a wine bar, their by-the-glass wine selection is pathetic, but their 2 ounce flight menu had hope. I opted for a drink off their cocktail menu titled Cider Bellini and it was a delicious treat that reminded me of Fall due to the cinnamon and apple cider. The bartenders use fresh fruit to make all the drinks which is greatly appreciated.We split two appetizers, the Warm Brie and the Crab Cake 3 Ways. Both were super tasty and gone within three minutes of being set down in front of us (psh, don't judge).The brie had a black pepper almond crust and was accompanied by a fig and pear compote and those two salty/sweet ingredients combine to form an amazing party in your mouth. The three crab cakes were super small, But each had a different flavor: Traditional, Corn wrapped Red Pepper Aioli, and a Sothwestern hush puppy-esque fritter. The Maryland Traditonal crab cake was the favorite among us three ladies.We will definitely be back to try more specialty cocktails and sample more of their delicious food!!
4	We have been here twice now and really enjoyed both experiences.  Their pretzel bread plate with the three flavored butters is yummy.  The portions can be a bit small, but the flavors are great.  One draw back is they don't have many wines by the glass.
5	Excellent lunch offered at Cask 63.  I really enjoyed the cool, Scottsdale vibe and bright interior.I highly recommend the Trout and Pulled Pork sandwich.
4	We went here for dinner last night for the first time-- well, the last time it was Bloom :).  Salmon and the Ahi Tuna and a side of mashed potatoes. The salmon was really delicious, crispy on top and tender in the middle. It came with barbecued lentils and our waitress said they tasted just like potato chips. I don't know what she meant by that.. they tasted like barbecued lentils to me. Anyway, it was a lot of fun. I like the atmosphere in there. And, if like me you can't stomach paying more than $30 a bottle, they have a few for $25 which just feels better!
5	Dined @ Cask a few nights ago and really enjoyed it! Great atmosphere where you can actually enjoy a conversation with your group and not have to yell across the table. Menu wasn't huge but still had great selection. The Ahi was amazing...definitely would recommend to anyone. However, the service made our experience great. Our server Patrick was awesome...knew the menu and wine selections inside and out and was very pleasant as well. Will definitely be coming back again soon.
3	Went to this latest neighborhood addition last night (a party of eight) and was slightly disappointed. The restaurant used to be Bloom and really hasn't changed much. The decor is blah. The crowd was over the hill...approaching the second hill. They have plastic menus - plastic and floppy! Now for the positive. The service was perfect. The food was delicious, I had the seabass with risotto. There are loads of delicious wine flights and yummy wines by the glass. We chose the flatbreads to start, go with the mushroom :-).  The braised shortrib is delicious. The steak was cooked perfectly. Overall I enjoyed it but won't rush back. If your looking for a great fun vibe- go somewhere else!  If you want a delicious, quiet meal with yummy wine...GO! But please tell the wait staff that a place charging $36 for fish should not have cheap floppy plastic menus like Chilis ;-)
5	My husband and I went to Cask 63 for dinner last night.  The interior of the restaurant is beautiful.  It's modern and clean.  I made reservations for 7:15, they were incredibly busy and as far as I could tell full, but we were seated as soon as we walked in.  Our waitress was very nice and came by to take our drink orders.  When they brought our drinks out they also brought a bread plate that had soft pretzel sticks and three different flavored butters.  The pretzel bread was insane.  I could have just eaten that for dinner.We started off with the trio of crab cakes.  Honestly I didn't really like two of them.  The tradition Maryland crab cake was really good though.  I got the scallop entree and my husband got the cheeseburger.  My scallops were cooked and seasoned perfectly.  The bacon and mustard vinaigrette was one of the best tasting things I've ever had in my life, and the wild rice was a perfect accompaniment.  I cleaned the plate!  My husband loved his cheeseburger.  It was so flavorful; he was full about half way through his meal but kept eating because it was so good!We finished our meal with the flourless chocolate cake.  It was amazing.  It came with cherry chutney that was so good I could have eaten it alone.  Normally my dislike of the appetizer would have dropped this down to a 4 star review but everything else was so good it made up for the crab cakes!  This was one of the best meals we've had since we moved to Arizona five years ago.  The service is also really great.  They have a large staff and everyone we interacted with was extremely nice.  The price wasn't too bad either.  We had the appetizer, two entrees, a soda, a cappuccino, and the dessert for $70.
4	Stopped in for a light dinner and was pleasantly surprised.  There's an odd table sectioned off right at the entrance which also separates the small but cozy bar area from the main dining room.  Positives:1.  Visually pleasant/ modern decor2.  Friendly servers 3.  Decent wine selection with good California representation (finally)4.  Scallops perfectly prepared5.  Nice patio seatingNegatives:1.  Bland ambience, need some life in this place2.  Salmon overcooked (asked for med-rare)Overall, a 3.75 star experience
5	Cask63 is for sure a place that you want to add to your list of places to try.Staff is wonderful, bar staff are rockstars.  The food was terrific and the drinks were wonderful!
4	I was really surprised to see that Bloom was no longer there, but was glad to see someone else moved into the space and didn't change a whole lot since it is quite a beautiful restaurant.  We enjoyed happy hour at the bar and had a great experience.  The bartender was very personable and part of the family, so he truly appreciated the business.  The Fresh Cosmo was well made and seriously delicious!
2	Upon arriving, the decor was beautiful, reminiscent of the old Bloom.   The hostess was well dressed and attentive.  Overall inviting.   We were seated in a comfortable booth.  Then... (imagine the Jaw's theme playing), Oh the horror!  THE MENU!   The Cask63 Menu, consisting of a crumpled legal size paper in a page protector.   First impressions.... now ruined.I thought of ordering wine, after all this is a wine bar, but I was parched.  As I ordered my "iced tea...for now" and was actively browsing the wine menu, all the wine glasses were promptly whisked off the table.  Was it not obvious!  The wine menu was almost covering my entire face!   Was it not obvious,  I might order a glass of wine!   But the server had other plans.... No wine for you!, her actions shouted.   Oh well, on to the bread.The uneventful bread course had one shining star, the pretzel bread.  Otherwise, the rolls were heavy.   While I enjoy a nice hard crusty roll, these rolls were almost impossible to cut without a hacksaw.   The infused butter was good, but did not impress.Back to that legal paper, page protected menu.   The prices were similar to other Scottsdale restaurants, but that poorly done menu really turned me off.  It made me hesitant to order any of the upper priced menu items.  To order a 10 oz Filet ala carte just didn't seem appropriate off of this copy machine menu.    So I went with the special, the Halibut cheek.  As our meals arrived, I was surprised that my husbands dinner was served first.  Whatever happened to ladies first? Unfortunately, our evening continued to trend downward. The Halibut cheek was overcooked and stringy.   The preparation was breaded, in an overly salted cornmeal and I believe pan fried.   The accompanying sauce did not compliment the fish or the risotto.   When mixed with risotto, the sauce took on a flavor similar to bland canned tomato soup with a hint of vinegar.  The highlight of my meal was the asparagus which was grilled to perfection.The second dish I tasted was the Tagliatelle.  This is an easy dish which can be prepared well by anyone.  Cask63 turned it into an average dish that can only be described as boring.  Maybe I ordered the wrong dish on an off-day.  Maybe their target demographic are pensioners, hence the bland food.   With so many choices of seafood on their menu, I mistakenly thought the Halibut cheeks would be something special.  Maybe I should have tried a burger, but high end burgers are a dime a dozen.   And maybe I should have ordered that $32 ala carte steak and a $7 ala carte side, but this steak snob just didn't want to risk disappointment. Cask63 puts on an air of sophistication, but in-the-end doesn't deliver the same level of food.
4	Ask for Larry at the bar.  He is the best!  Happy Hour is a great deal.
4	Recently had the lobster nicoise salad.  It was awesome! Fresh ingrediants, super, fun service - - a place to go for a great meal!
4	Girls lunch and dinner at Cask 63 proved to be very enjoyable.  I think they do an excellent job of taking care of larger groups.  The service was very attentive and both times the manager/owner has stopped by the table.  Some of my favorites on the menu were the brie, corn chowder, ahi tuna, and the desserts were probably my favorite oatmeal ice cream cookie and then a smore something delicious.  Wine and drinks proved to be impressive as well.
5	Amazing!! My friends and I went here for dinner and had the best experience any of us have ever had at a restaurant. The bartender was more than helpful letting us sample some wines to find one we liked. They sat us late for our reservations and gave us free drinks to make up for it. The owner personally took care of us and is Te nicest man ever. Our waiter was great! You should ask for him if you go there and really enjoy food and wine - Wayne. He was very nice, funy, and made sure we had everything we needed always. He was also a wine expert and gave us a lesson on how to taste wine. We ordered a ton of things off the menu and has a family style dinner which was amazing. I would recommend any of the following: spinach salad, mozerella salad, warm Brie, seared ahi tuna, tagletelle, and the pork. Everything was delicious!! I don't think you could go wrong with anything you ordered. Highly recommend!!
5	I was in the area for a long weekend for my friend's bachelorette party and Cask 63 was recommended to us for our "nice" night out.  We got there 15 minutes before our reservation and decided to get a glass of wine before we sat down.  5 min before our reservation Jerry (GM) let us know that they were running a little behind, but did everything he could to make us comfortable until our table was ready (got us a table in the bar area, AND got our first round!) Jerry was very hospitable and came to check on us multiple times throughout our dinner.Food -- By the suggestion of our server (Wayne) we decided to do a family style dinner so we could try as much on the menu as possible. Best suggestion ever!! Wayne was wonderful in helping us decide which wine and food to get (and even pair...if you're into it, he'll give you a little wine tasting tutorial, we all loved it!) I honestly loved everything I tried (except the tuna, but I don't like tuna to begin with. Most my friends who tried it though said it was their favorite thing). Loved the warm brie, butternut squash ravioli, spinach salad, Chilean seabass, tagliatelle, bistro steak (restaurant week menu item) and filet skewers (restaurant week menu item).At the bar and while seated we asked for wine suggestions and both the bartender and Wayne gave us something that wasn't even on the menu, so if you're open to it let them know what you like and they'll find something for you!Wish I lived in the area, because I would definitely frequent there for Happy Hour...and I'd love to try a lot of the other things on the menu!
3	First off, I was a little bummed when I heard that Bloom was closing, but then I was excited when I read about this new restaurant. Wine is always a plus!Positives:-Great steak with chimichurri (sp?) on the Restaurant Week menu. -Nice serving sizes - not too huge, not chintzy-Loved the veggie & hummus flat bread from the RW menu-Incredibly attentive busboys and runners - Almost liked them better than our server...Negatives:-Bored/Apathetic waitress - as soon as we said the majority of the table was ordering off the RW menu her whole demeanor changed. She didn't seem to care that we were there or how our experience was. Like I said before, the busboys and runners were more attentive and helpful-As people mentioned before, the menus were a little off putting, but that's not really a determining factor in my reviewI don't know if we would return, it was just an "eh" experience. A server can make or break an experience and in this case I would say that Cask 63 isn't worth the drive or the money for another try.
5	Picture this, 12 hungry people wanting something for dinner on a Tuesday night. Me being the person in charge of selecting a restaurant for said hungry people and hoping that everyone is happy. Enter Cask 63. OMG!!!  Words cannot even begin to express how happy everyone was. It was a work dinner and you know how hard it can be to make everyone happy. Cask 63 delivered and then some. It is a nice swanky looking place that would make a great date night for those that are thinking of taking someone out to a special place. (hint hint)First and foremost I must give a huge shout out and thank you to Tracy for being so very patient with me and for making sure my reservation was all set up. Anthony, our fantabulous server for the night was phenomenal!!!! I mean the man went above and beyond to make sure were taken care of. To the rest of the staff and crew, thank you so much for making our dining experience extra special.Ok now let's get to the food. OMG The food!!!! From the warm brie, to the calamari, to the shrimp cocktail in which the shrimp looked like mini lobsters to the oozing with yummy goodness flatbread. How on earth did we save room for dinner?  Yum!! Let us not forget the bread that cam out piping hot. The pretzel bread was the favorite of course. All that was missing was the mustard ( so said my coworkers) . The Ladera (sp) wine that Anthony suggested after he patiently let me do a mini taste of about four of them was right on point. ( I am a Cabernet  girl, what can you say lol)  Everyone was happy with everything that they had. I had the Seabass and it was cooked to perfection. Light and airy set on top of some risotto with just a little bit of lemongrass broth. I ate all of it!! Except for the asparagus. ( I love asparagus but asparagus doesn't love me) The sauteed spinach with huge shavings of reggiano. Can I just say that I am sad that I shared that? Let us not forget the sweet potato fries. They were some of the best I have had in a long time.Then the desserts. I ordered the creme brulee which was melt in your mouth goodness. Others ordered the smores which had peanut butter ice cream. Did I mention that everyone, and I do mean everyone was VERY happy? So will I be back? HA! Of course I will. Everything was very reasonably priced and with the staff like Anthony and Tracy, why wouldn't I come back? :)
5	Incredible place my wife and I went there to try it a few weeks ago and it was way more than we expected. The waiter (Wayne) was unbelievable, helped us with our wine selection and navigating through our dinner choices. We also had an opportunity to meet the head chief, young guy with a real passion for food and originality. Super flexible on changing orders (shellfish and nut allergy). Worth every penny we spent. We will be regulars for sure.
5	I had lunch today at CASK 63 with a banker to discuss our collective power to create business in the Phoenix Market. I HAD THE ABSOLUTE BEST CRAB SALAD, I've had since leaving the Gulf Coast of Mississippi. Red Crab Salad....fresh, clean, sweet, crisp..light...in a very well appointed setting. Very  good iced teas as well....hard to find in Phoenix.....Go there...Eat there...you will like it..and we might see one another...who knows...be like nike..just do it...:)
5	Fantastic food, service, and atmosphere. Prices are very reasonable. Private parties are superb.
5	This is my new favorite restaurant!  I cannot say enough about it: from the service, to the meal, to the atmosphere, it all has "Karri" written all over it!  The food is amazing!  And if you order chicken, you're just a fool, because the seafood selections are wonderful.  Even the lamb, ordered by my friend, Brad, was plentiful and the most gorgeous presentation I have seen in quite some time.We were at the bar, and so were served by the Bartender, Lawrence.  Great guy.  Didn't need to go anywhere else after that.What I loved best? The creme brulee, my absolute favorite dessert, was HUGE...and served with cookies!  Are ya kiddin' me!?  Fabulous!I can't wait...can't wait...to come back!  Save me a seat, Lawrence!
4	I had the opportunity to go to Cask 63 with my wife (Lucky) and some friends. I was a little surprised to see that it was really slow on a Saturday night, but it was slow enough that they gave our four-top the private dining room- which makes me think they used their psychic powers to predict the future and corral us, given the amount of alcohol and the subsequent volume increase that goes along with said alcohol, that we had... but I digress.The server recommended the blue point oysters and they were outstanding!  I would go back for those alone, but the rest of the meal was great as well.  My steak was a little over done, but not to where I wanted to be "that guy" and send it back- and risk getting a pube.  The sides were really tasty as well.  - Service was good- attentive, but not annoying.- Atmosphere- Picture Vegas on a budget in Scottsdale; and add metal.- Menu- it was decent with a variety, but not overwhelming.- Price- It wasn't cheap, but not going to break the bank either.  But do you really want oysters from a place who buys and sells them for cheap?  I think not.  Pay the price, and enjoy it.As for the menus, which other reviews mentioned... yes, they were crappy, but I don't eat the menu, I eat the food.  They could have been written in purple crayon for all I care.So, bottom line, if Cask 63 makes it long-term; which is up for debate given how slow it was on a Saturday, I will definitely go back... and ask for the private room again so that my inappropriate drunken comments don't offend anyone but those who expect it out of me.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to drive around Scottsdale and find a place for dinner on a Saturday night. Our initial impression of the place was that it was going to be too rich for our blood; however, we figured we would give it a shot. The decor reminded my boyfriend of nightclub scene from Scarface. When they sat us down initially we were right next to the kitchen which wasn't too pleasant. So we asked to be moved to another location and the hostess moved us into their private dinning room which we loved. Our server was very friendly and informative, yet also gave us space. We ordered crab cakes to start things off. They were excellent but slightly over priced given the portion size. Then we ordered a bottle of wine that was very reasonably priced and to our liking for $24 - a nice Argentinian Malbec. We decided on this bottle after our server brought us several other tastes. I ordered the soup of the day and my boyfriend got a caesar salad. Both were solid. For entrees I got a salmon with asparagus and my boyfriend ordered seared ahi tuna. Both were cooked to perfection.Overall, being in the private dining room was perfect, noise level wise, and all of the staff made sure everything was up to par without being too over zealous. I would highly recommend this place.
2	With a name like Cask 63 we expected a NAPA-like experience.  Major disappointment.  The interior is little changed from the previous restaurant - certainly nothing that relates to the wine-inspired name. The wine was just so-so; we had to return on dish as it was over cooked. A few weeks later we were in Sonoma - the staff of Cask 63 should spend a few nights there to learn how to get it right.  There are much better eating and drinking opportunities in Scottsdale.
5	We had the opportunity to come here twice in our business trip to Scottsdale.  A special shout out and thanks to Brian (executive chef) and Michele and Lindsay (the best wait staff ever!).On the first night we came in around 10 p.m. and even though they closed at 9 they still seated us with a smile and asked us what they could make for us. (Try getting that at any restaurant these days.)  The food is amazing but the service and connection to the staff is even better.  This is truly a dining experience and not just a place to eat.In the two nights I tried the filet (magical combo of flavors with the potatoes w/tarragon) and the rack of lamb (I uploaded a pic for your viewing pleasure).  On the second night we started with the wild mushroom flatbread (a must for the combination of mushrooms, onions, red pepper flake, balsamic, and fontina)  Brian came and sat with us as did Lindsay.  Since we had expressed a true love of wine on the first night we met, Brian brought a special bottle from his own cellar and shared it with us. (Thanks again Brian it was very nice!)Everything here has Brian's passion for cooking and making each patron feel like a king or queen.  Michelle and Lindsay are amazing with the perfect suggestions on what should be ordered and are very attentive to your every need.To end the night Brian broke away from the duties in the kitchen and enjoyed a cigar with us out side.  I'm already trying to map out another trip down here just to have another perfect dining experience.  Well done all!
3	So I had a group of 7 friends and we all decided to try Cask 63 for the first time last night to jump start Restaurant week. The restaurant design is classic yet sophisticated at the same time. It reminded me alot about Skye but without the stage for musicians. I really loved the atmosphere when we walked in!I made reservations for 7 people as mentioned above, yet they sat us at a table where 3 of those 2 seater tables were put together. This meant that it was ample seating for 6 people, not 7 so those of us sitting on the "booth side" had to squeeze into a space that was meant to fit 3, not 4 people, while the people with 3 chairs across from us sat comfortably with plenty of room! I kept wanting to say something, like adding another 2 seater table to accommodate us but there was a couple already sitting next to us, so we couldn't steal their table. Nor was there enough room to just grab another chair to place it on either end of the long table set up, so we were in a bind. We were squished on our side, and I couldn't keep my mind off of that.They have about 10+ sets of wine flights available and I had Flight #8 which featured 3 cabernets from Napa Valley. I enjoyed them tremendously and it helped me drown my concerns over being squished. A couple of my friends complained that the Manhattans were too sweet, but another friend said that their regular martinis with the blue cheese olives really hit the spot and wasn't too sweet.My hubby and I ordered off the Prix Fixe menu for fall Restaurant Week. I had the "Surf and Turf" entree which featured a petite filet beef tenderloin and 2 pieces of shrimp of a tortilla, which turned out to be a egg potato omelet looking thing, with the consistency of Tomago (that egg sushi nigiri). My husband had the pork brisket which ended up being really chewy at medium cooking. I think had he ordered it slightly rarer, it might have been less chewy. He and I sat in envy of our friends who ordered off the the prix fixe menu. Apparently, the chilean sea bass was cooked to perfection. It was light and flaky and full of flavor! The filet mignon was also very appetizing and I was told it was delicious! The salmon was also prepared perfectly! I had a friend that ordered the trout off of the prix fixe menu and she seemed to love it with the exception of the seasoned crispy skin part, but I had a taste of that and it was cooked really well! I was very entree jealous, because although mine was good, I kind of wanted my friends' other entrees. Has that ever happened to you?? I will return to Cask 63 again, but next time, I will go all out and order something that's on their regular menu, because there was an obvious difference in portion size and flavor it seems... Oh, and speaking of entree envy... You must order the oatmeal cookie dessert with the Guinness ice cream, because not only was it huge, it was un-freaking believable! My s'more jar did not even compare to my friend's dessert!
1	I'll keep this short so viewers and the OWNER will actually read it. I grew up in, and still am, in the restaurant business. I don't claim to know everything but I know a lot. We walked in at about 6 pm on a Saturday night and the place was all but empty. We were sat in a huge booth where we had a bird's eye view of the kitchen. My wife's first impression was of one of the female cooks blowing a bubble from her bubble gum, yes in the kitchen in plain view for the customers. The service was slow, we had to ask the water boy to get our waiter. We ordered the Calamari which had absolutely no taste (we had to add Salt & Pepper). It was tough and over fried. We also ordered Zucchini Summer Squash Fondue but all that came was over fried Naan bread triangles and melted swiss cheese. If there was  any zucchini/squash  in it you never noticed or tasted it.  The bread was heavy and the pretzel bread was a little hard. The flavored butters tasted pretty much the same. We spent almost $ 40 on a glass of wine and two appetizers that would have tasted better at a chain restaurant such as Big Fat Greek.
5	Tried them out for Restaurant Week.  The food and service was excellent.  I will certainly be back and loved the atmosphere. We sat at a booth and very comfortably sat 3 adults.  The wait staff was non stop on refilling drinks, bringing more bread, making sure the food was cooked to order.
5	Our party of four went to Cask 63 to give it our personal taste test.   We began with soup or salad.  It is too bad that the mushroom soup will drop off the menu; it is so good that I am taking office staff to lunch there this coming week so they too can enjoy it. The pear salad is another winner.Dinner:  two steak specials; one Bistro steak and one scallops.  All entrees were winners - served with sufficient vegetable sides that made ordering another side unncessary.  All items were done to perfection - the the prices were all mid-$25 range.I consider the quality of the meals equal to Zinc or Razz - at far less than those other excellent restuarants.  A wonderful wine was recommended that would span the varied entrees.  Speaking of wine, they have a nice, comprehensible wine list with a very nice range of selections.  Our waiter was extremely knowledge - not only of the wine, but also the food.  Fortunately we saved room for desert - we have a desert tray selction of four items so we could all sample - a great suggestion for a party of four or more.Service was excellent. Cask 63 has moved to the top of my local favorties list.  Oh - it is a locally owned, chef-owner restaurant.  You can actually meet and talk with the owner - a very nice touch in this world of corporate-theamed restaurants.  I'll be using Cask 63 for business lunches, out-of-town guests and personal dinning out.  It is definitely worth a visit - and is an excellent value when comparing food quality and service.
5	I went to Cask 63 in the beginning on October.  It was awesome.  My wife had the fish special.  It was a bit pricey but well worth it.  I had the lamb chops that my friend told me about.  He was correct to recommend that dish.  It was awesome.  My Jack and Cokes were great (strong) and my wife had a flight of wine which she liked most of the wines.  Our server was awesome too.  We had several things in common.  My wife thought I was making a new friend.  All and all I have to say this place is very good.
5	The service here is fantastic, the food is great and of course the wine is plentiful. management always comes to our table to see how everything is and that adds a nice touch. I bring everyone and anyone with me when i visit cask 63. I will keep coming back!
5	Went for lunch on a weekday.  The decor is great, I love the colors and the relaxing atmosphere.  The fresh bread with three flavored butters is awesome, especially the pretzel bread - yum!  I tried the entree of the day, which was a shrimp and scallop risotto.  My fiance had the basil-crusted chicken breast with gnocchi and asparagus.  Both dishes were incredible, perfectly cooked and well seasoned, with appropriate portion sizes.  We both loved it and will definitely go back again.
4	After our first visit here we wrote a review which was indicative of our less than stellar experience. We were pleased to see that the owner read the review and graciously invited us back for a second try. We're glad he did. We returned tonight and had a wonderful dinner, proving of course that every restaurant can have an off night. My wife had the oysters which were very fresh, and came with their "atomic" horseradish. It's hard to get fresh oysters in Arizona, these were delicious. I had the burger which was cooked to perfection along with very light and crispy french fries. My wife and daughter had the chicken & asparagus which were again very good. We were given the S'mores for dessert with the most amazing freshly homemade graham crackers....a must try !Vincent was our waiter and was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. He took care of our needs and was gracious and sincere with his customer service. We were impressed with this establishment on our second go around.....and thank the owner for reading our reviews and offering us a chance to see that this restaurant is top of the line.
5	Had a group of 11 at Cask 63 on New Years Eve and were fortunate enough to get a private room.With a big group, we got to try a lot of different things... and I loved them all!The mushroom flatbread is a MUST try, our whole group loved it!  I had the scallops-- they were ridiculous!  The rest of the group had lamb, duck, steak, and ahi tuna-- everyone loved their meals, and we had several of us needing to-go boxes!  I would definitely visit Cask 63 again-- it was fun and so fabulous!!
4	We went there for hh during the week and had  a great time. They have a great hh! We had salads, wine, and the mushroom flatbread and couldnt' have been happier. Excellent service, affordable, and a great atmosphere. I will definitely be back!
4	We had a wonderful dinner at Cask 63 last night. Our waiter, Daniel, was a real pro and extremely accommodating. The Sea bass, Ahi tuna and Lamb chops were phenomenal, as was the Key lime cheesecake.
5	Wow, what a find!  This restaurant is a treasure!  Everything is fresh and made from scratch with lots of care.  The seafood was cooked to perfection and I loved the pear salad!  Bravo to Chef Josh and his crew!   Sharon F.
5	Always, always, always very professional service, amazing food!
5	Great experience, food was excellent.  Vita our server was knowledgable and her suggestions were spot on. Will go back
5	Tried Cask 63 for a friends birthday dinner and ended up sitting at the bar for happy hour.  Talk about some great specials!  1/2 off bar apps and generous portion size!  Everything was very flavorful, the place had a great upscale atmosphere, and I can't wait to get a chance to go back and explore their full menu.
5	Delicious food and amazing service!!   It's been said several times by other reviewers but the pretzel bread with flavored butters is killer! I had the scallops with granny smith apple mash, yum!! S'mores dessert was off the chart with chocolaty goodness!  Portion sizes were just right.   This is must try, I will definitely be back!!
5	Been here for both dinner and happy hour, and loved both.  The servers have lots of personality, with our dinner waiter also making excellent well priced wine suggestions after learning what we like.  Everyone loved their food, which was all perfectly prepared.  I love the menu which is different enough from every other American grill to be interesting, but no so much that I found anything weird.  It's a swanky looking place, but not so stuffy you can't go in nice jeans for dinner.  If you haven't been before, try to ask for a table on the upper level.  Next time you can always sit at the lower level if it looks fine to you.Happy hour is a great deal, but get there early before all the tables are filled if you don't want to sit at the bar.  The only negative about my hh experience was that the bartender knew less about wine than I do.  The hh food is all very good.
3	Just had dinner, and am very impressed with the food. We had scallops, quesadilla, beef tender, and more. It was delicious. However, I'm not impressed with the price on cocktails. We had two drinks before we sat down, and it was more than half the price of our meal! Oh, and not to mention we were looked down upon for arriving before our reservation. If you open at 5, your staff should be here BEFORE you open. The manager (assumed she was a manager) said to "come back" at the time of our reservation. She then proceeded to visit every table in the dining room, but never stopped by our table. Not sure if arriving a few minutes early is against protocol, but you don't have to be rude about it. Like I said, food was great. Just seems to be a few loose kinks in the chain. Good dinner, though!
5	I recently celebrated my Birthday at Cask63.  They made my birthday really special.  We were a group of 9 people.  They gave us the private dinning room.  Our server was THE BEST.  So attentive to our needs, made great recommendations on dishes and wines and I have to say, this was the BEST Birthday dinner I have had in years.  THANK YOU for making my day so special.  My guests were very impressed with the food, wine and desserts and we will visit again.
5	Great spot for a nice quiet dinner. Our waitress was very friendly and patient when we were trying to decide on our drinks. The food was great. Everything was seasoned well. Our lamb was not medium rare as we ordered, closer to medium, but it was still tender and tasted great. Dessert was by far the best, the panna cotta wasn't too sweet and the flavors were all there. Will Definetly come back if I ever find myself in Scottsdale.
5	We eat at nice places quite frequently but this is the best service we've had in Phoenix. From the moment they opened the door for us when we walked everyone from the hostess to the server to the busser was pleasant and attentive. And the most important thing: the food definitely matches the service.  It is absolutely delicious!  The crab cakes are some of the best we've had, and meals are served with wonderful pretzel bread.
4	Great Place. Went on Wed. Nite.  Quiet,beautiful decor.Sea bass was perfect. On the list for next year.  Montana
2	Food was good but the service was poor. The waiter was out of sync with the support staff and we had to ask for everything and in some cases twice. Diet coke refill never arrived.
1	I brought a group of 12 to this restaurant. Granted, it was on a Monday night, but they'd had multiple months' worth of notice that we were coming.The menu that I'd expected from the web was completely different in-person. Instead of reasonably priced entrees I encountered the same prices, but for tapas.The server only explained the specials and the menu concept to one half of the table.Then when the food came, less than half of us received the correct order, and some people's orders were apparently never put in at all.I'm embarrassed that I recommended this place to my group and I imagine I'm never going to live the experience down...
5	Holy Moly was this place amazing! Stuck around for 5 hours if that gives you any idea.Made a reservation for my friends bachelorette party right around 7 so that a few us could linger in before hand and take advantage of the fantastic happy hour selection (3-7). Then, much to our surprise we were taken to our seats in the oh so classy private dining area. It's my understanding that there is a significant minimum spending requirement to dine in there, so it was a lovely surprise indeed. The menu was pleasantly priced and had a wide range of options to suit everyone's palate. We pretty much had one of everything, shared it all, and loved it. The service was out of this world. The ambiance could not be beat. They even whipped up a few specialty items in the kitchen for the lady of the hour, which was especially impressive. I seriously cannot praise this place enough. Our experience here was the highlight of our night (and it was a great night). It was a first time visit for many of us, but there is no doubt we will be back. Thank you Jerrmy (that's how the receipt spelled it?) for giving us gals a night we won't soon forget.
5	LOVE this place.  Lucky are the people of Scottsdale who can go anytime.  We visited and ate there twice.  Everything we had was wonderful!  Salads, entrees, and one thing not to be missed are the parmesan truffle fries!  Do yourself a favor and order them just to nibble or with a meal.
4	Came in to celebrate my friends birthday. We decided to try happy hour since we had never been before. We were so pleasantly surprised! The food looked amazing online so it was nice to not be disappointed. The beet salad with goat cheese = AMAZING. It was so good. You won't get huge portions here but we loved that better because then we had room to sample a few things. We also ordered the pear salad and salt and vinegar wings. The pear salad was tasty as well. We didn't care for the vinegar wings. It wasn't because they weren't good they just weren't my cup of tea. I like a sauce on my wings and these had a dry rub. I can see how someone else might like them. They are definitely unique and well made. I almost felt bad for not enjoying them! The bartender took them off of our bill without me even asking which was very nice! After our salads we ordered the wild mushroom flatbread. OMG it was so good. Very filling as well. I saw someone get the mussels and oysters and almost ordered those too. We decided to order dessert since it was my friends birthday. We order the S'more brownie. While it wasn't in a jar like the picture I saw in yelp, it was still really good. I think they maybe made it smaller/differently since it was a free birthday dessert? Not sure. It was really delicious all the same. I am going to crave it for weeks. Our bill (after the comps made) came to only $23. My friend had wine as well so you really can't beat that! We were seriously shocked we got such amazing food at such a great price. And the service was also great. They really took care of us. I am eager to go back and try this place for dinner. I'm willing to spend a little more $$ to try the dinner menu!
2	What happened? We used to go to lunch here about once a month. They carried over a good part of the old Bloom menu, which was superb. There were appetizers, salads, entrees, etc. It was awesome. I went in there this week and was handed a menu with 10 items on it. The two of us flipped it over looking for the entrees, but there were none. It was just those 10 items, and they all looked like appetizers. Is this is restaurant or some little cafe with 10 things? We got up and left. I went back to my office and checked their website and sure enough, their lunch menu went from awesome to 10 lousy items, none of which really looked interesting. None that looked like it could fill me for lunch.Did I miss something?
5	I went here while on a business trip to Scottsdale.  The food was great and I enjoyed the wine selection.  It was also not too expensive considering the quality.  I also really like the semi-tapas approach they have to entrees.  I got two entrees.I got the pear salad.  It was a perfect blend of greens, pear, nuts and cheese with just the right amount of dressing.I got the lamb with gnocci which was perfectly cooked and went very well with the sides.I got the scallops as my second entree and they were some of the best scallops I've hadI highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Wow, Wow, and more Wow!! I hadn't been there since it was Bloom, and I'll never stray again. Please try it and if your waiter is Anthony, you will get  the ROYAL treatment. Manager Stacy and also Justin, and others added to the high level of customer satisfaction which is evidently very high on their priority list! The hamburger and truffle fries were mouth wateringly delicious! I can't wait to try some of the other dishes on the menu. I know I won't be disappointed. Thanks to everyone at Cask 63 from me, Randee, Esther, and Flo K.
4	Loved this ate in the cask room
1	Been here a few times and this time was the worse.  May be they were too caught up this time with the Ferrari Club who had stopped by.Cold food; very small portions for entrees, guests were shocked at just how small, looked like an appetizer.  Food is also just not very good; this is KFC quality at very high prices.Service was slow and impersonal, and the restaurant was quiet- two meals arrived over twenty minutes late, not the "it will be ready in two minutes" promised by the waiter, and came with no apology nor any impact to the bill.  I brought it to the manager's attention, no apology, and off she went to do something more important.  Really bad experience.  This was a table of +12 that they could have cared less about.  Wow to be that cavalier.Cannot imagine returning anytime soon.  I work, once a month, close by and will not be taking any clients here until there are drastic changes.  Too many other restaurants within walking distance.
5	If you want huge portion, mass produced, corporate mandate chain recipe food, then don't go to Cask 63.  If you want great food, good portions, and outstanding service, then this is your place.  Went Friday night, after happy hour (darn), and had a wonderful meal.  Tried the mushroom flatbread, clams and mussels, and caprese salad.  And all was great, and an added treat was the FREE fresh bread, which included home made butter, and pretzel bread. The wait staff was great, very attentive, but not hovering.My only complaint, and since this is advertised as a wine bar, and shouldn't count against them is their poor beer selection.  They have a nice variety of wine, but lets give us beer drinkers some good craft beer options.  There are so many great craft brewers here in Arizona, carry a few of their beers at your bar.  I will be back, and am looking forward the checking out their happy hour.
5	Happy Hour was great, We had the Mushroom Flat bread,excellent choice.We took clients to dinner,Shrimp cocktail,Scallops and Chicken were all incredible. Desert was complimentary as we had a Birthday, Chocolate Brownie with ice creamwould not be one that I ordered. Overall the experience was great,service was a ten and food the best I have had in a long time.
4	Alas, despite 4 1/2 starts bestowed upon Cask 63 by yelpers, it is now closed.
5	Food:-Pretzel bread with flavored butter, fun to eat with 4 different types of flavored butter but taste-wise it was all just okay-Oyster salad with hard boiled egg and bacon bits, genius combo, salad of champions-Chilean seabass with macadamia nut crust/coconut lemongrass broth/asian risotto/asparagus/duck confit on top, I died, omg every word in the dish's name is like one of my favorite things, bravo bravo!!-Chevre key lime pie, delicious, neither the goat cheese nor the sour lime flavor overpoweredPosh setting, great service, fanfreakintastic execution of each dish.
2	Overpriced for pretty-average. Being from out of town, I relied on Yelp reviews to find a nice restaurant. Restaurant looked great - but pretty empty for a Friday evening. (Why?). Food was just OK, but service was pushy.
1	They are closed
4	Delicious from start to finish with amazing service the entire night. Pork belly is perfect!
1	Made arrangements to meet a group of friends here yesterday only to find the place is closed. They need to update their website - it was frustrating to check it out online only to find it's apparently been closed for over a month :(
