4	Chiropractic Physician, CPR & First Aid Instructor, and DOT Medical Examiner.  I like this Dr. because she works weekends and evenings, just make an appointment with the office.  Dr. even travels to your home since she has a mobile component to her practice too!For CPR she trains on site or at your company and the training takes a few hours and you get your CPR card.  I took my training at a local massage school because I needed to be certified for my professional license. So if you're a company that requires CPR training just call Dr. Miyamoto she'll take care of you.  I recommend it.
5	Dr. Jordan Miyamoto is a first rate service provider.  No one works harder than she does!  I have not only had the pleasure of having her as a CPR instructor, but also as an instructor for a few classes while I attended massage school.  She is a very enthusiastic teacher and works very hard to make sure everyone learns what she is teaching.  She is very accommodating and will train on her site or at your company.  Her classes are always fun and the time goes by quickly. I enjoyed her CPR and First Aid training class immensely, as I have all of her other classes.  Dr. Miyamoto is an excellent Chiropractic physician also.  She is a very caring physician and puts the needs of her patient first and foremost.  She is as accommodating in her practice as she is as a teacher, and will travel to your home if necessary.  She also works weekends, and evenings.
5	Dr. Jordan Miyamoto provided me one of the most deepest tissue massages I have ever experienced in Las Vegas. I have been receiving massages for my chronic upper back issues for the past 2 years from other massage therapists here in Las Vegas. It is extremely difficult to settle in with a massage therapist that will understand your pain needs. When I met Dr. Miyamoto today it was like she knew exactly what I needed. The massage session went 100% amazing. Her technique is to the point and ON POINT. She targets the needs of her patients and I left her office feeling better.I will be honest, pain issues do not go away over night it takes time and discipline and healing to target and battle neck and back pain. Dr. Miyamoto convinced me and YES I will be a returning to her office to finally get rid of this upper back pain I am experiencing. I put my trust and confidence in her practice I will refer her to many of my coworkers and friends. Her price point is fair and honest and 100% Recommended. I am a very rare yelp reviewer but I had to take the time out of my day to give Apache Health Center a thumbs up!  Take my word go see her you will not be disappointed.
5	Dr. Jordan Miyamoto is awesome. She took the time to get to know me and seemed more concerned about my well being than making money off of me. I'm a young, long haul truck driver and the healing she gave me was SO necessary. I would recommend her services to anyone. Don't wait, go in and see her!
5	Dr. Jordan Miyamoto has given me 2 massages and I have another one scheduled in a week. I get massages often because of my neck/shoulder, tightness/pain. I'm also a weight lifter so my muscles are always tight & knotted up. She gives the BEST deep tissue massage. She uses various styles, styles i've never encountered before but it works! My previous massages either Left me hurting more the next day or it wasn't enough. Dr. Jordan's massages are spot on and my mobility seems better after I see her. She's also a Chiropractor & gives my neck an adjustment along with my massage to help loosen things up. How awesome is that?!! Please give her a try!!
5	I love this place! After I was rear ended in a car accident, I was referred here. It was my first chiropractic visit and Dr. Jordan has helped me so much. She has the hands of an angel and each visit I feel fresh and ready for my next adventure. Beyond the amazing care she gives us, Jordan is an amazing person. After getting to know her, I just see such a nice and sweet lady who wants to help the world!This place is fantastic and has a great atmosphere and Doctor.
