4	For those that may be new to Pt's it's you classic neighborhood pub that can be found in almost any Vegas neighborhood. I'm found of this Pt's because of its close proximity to my house, shuffle board, good bar food, pool tables, and bar staff.
5	The best hangout in the Silverado Ranch area by far!We recently moved about 25 minutes away, and although we drive past at least a half dozen other places on our way, we still come back.They have pool tables, darts, plenty of room for large groups and a comfortable seating area in addition to a spacious bar area.The food is great and the service is spectacular. If you're looking for a nice hangout where everyone knows your name, it"ll only take one visit to this location to have you hooked.Gamers? This is the place that respects you! Laminated signs on each machine inform you as you sit down that this space is reserved for gamers. Bartenders will gladly relocate someone who just wants to sit and watch tv so that a gamer make take that spot. FANTASTIC! This is how it should be done everywhere.My only complaint? Lose the internet jukebox. Go with a nice neutral sattelite radio station or something.
4	good PT's like it much more than other PT's on Silverado Ranch Blvd.
5	Mr Anderson rocks.Food is pretty good for bar food. Unfortunately I never win on their games :(
4	Service is great and very welcoming. Came here yesterday to see the Steelers, Go STEELERS!, pre season football game. Place is spacious and nice with an area of pool tables, games and big screen tvs everywhere. Literally, I was here for only 10 mins, since the steelers games was not showing, I was asked by 3 bartenders at 3 different times if I needed anything to drink or eat. Love that the bartenders are attentive and cool. Can't wait to come back for more than 10 mins on my next visit to try the food.
5	I love it here. I feel right at home. It's never jam packed. They have amazing food and cheap happy hours daily from 4pm-7pm and 12am-3am. I go here about twice a week. Pool tables and dart boards are great too.
5	Great service and steve the bartenders alway cool.. Pool tables and dart boards well kept.
5	Great local bar & atmosphere. Steve the bartender always treats us great. Definitely worth the trip & they offer pool & darts. Great wings :)
4	Believe it or not, PT's has great food. Yes its a chain bar, but this chain bar actually has one of my favorite simple things to eat.I order their Cobb salad and a bucket of chicken wings - crispy & dry. I get three sauces on the side: Buffalo Medium, Sweet Chile & Asian BBQ. Of course I do blue cheese dressing instead or ranch :)The combination of the super fresh salad and the wings is deliciously good. Give it a shot!
1	Crappy service.  Dirty bathrooms. Bartender spent more time on her phone than interacting with customers.  Cold food brought out at separate times than my friends food.   This place is awful.  Go to the Lodge!
1	Beware of PT's ...... One star is to much for most locations, Crappy service.  Dirty bathrooms.  Cold food brought out at separate times than my friends food.   This place is awful.
3	Cool place to chill and have a few drinks and food.
1	Awful food and service! Food was cold and gross. Service was slow and she didn't seem to care at all. I will never go back with the intentions of eating.
4	Mikey pours the best 'Dirty Bong Waters' since the Redhawk. Always takes care of his customers. Steve's pretty good too, when he actually works ;)
4	I've been to a few PTs around town and this one is one of my favorites. Not only because it's a block from my house, but because it's clean, the staff is friendly and efficient and there's not a whole bunch of weirdo/creepers everywhere. Nothing fancy about PTs. Just a great local hangout with cheap drinks. I'm not too fond of the food here. It's your basic bar food, nothing extravagant. Burgers, fries and pizza. I do, however, like the pretzel bites even though I know they aren't made fresh. Drinks are made pretty well. Some of the bar tenders are a little heavy handed, but no complaints there.The staff is great here. All the girls have been super nice. Once I came here after work by myself for a quick night cap. One of the male bartenders saw that I was receiving unwanted attention from one of the other guests at the bar. The bartender (forgot his name) pretended that we were really good friends and kept chatting with me so that the guy would leave alone. I guess that's what happens when I choose to come alone, but whatever. Really great of him to save me from that. Great bar and staff!!
4	Visited for lunch today. We ordered the chicken quesadillas & the grilled chicken sandwich. Food was delicious, generous portions & service was friendly.
4	Carrie and Gina are the best bartenders
5	This is my favorite PTs on this side of town! The bartenders are cool, the mugs are frosty- plus half off drinks from 5-7pm after work, I'm there! The bartenders are the best too, they're all so nice! Mikey & Steve rock!
4	Great neighborhood bar with a variety of beers on tap. Not fond of their food so that's why all I do is drink there! Mikey on grave is the best bartender. The main reason we keep going back there is him!
3	Great neighborhood bar! The bartenders are friendly!  Loved the pretzel bites!
1	Well this USED to be a great location with excellent service. Alas, the winds of change blew through this place like a tornado. While we were very happy for the old manager, Jason, when he got promoted to corporate, the place just took a huge dump after he left and never recovered.It just doesn't instill much confidence when you see the cook leaving the men's room with a toilet plunger in his hand and still wearing his apron! Eeeeew! One would also expect a bar with a female manager and female waitresses to have a reasonably clean ladies' room, as they all use it too. But the ladies' room is always filthy. New manager chick also needs a class in customer service. Making sure everyone can see your little boobies might get you some mileage with the male customers, but I have my own boobs. I can look at them whenever I want. Yours do not impress me, and they do not make up for your poor service skills.
4	It's a good little local chain bar. Would be better if it had more craft beers. When I'm in vegas I always stop here first, great people!
2	The most unattentive bartenders/waitresses at this PTs. If the guy bartender isn't here, don't bother. My friend finished his beer at least 10 minutes before I did and didn't get an offer for a refill until around the time I finished. I wish I could say that this was just an off night, but this is the usual case. I don't like to post negative reviews, but it just gets too unacceptable at some point. If you're lucky enough to be comped a drink, start buying lottery tickets.
