5	I love the Orchard.It is one of those great pubs where you feel like you can go there for pretty much any occasion.  It's parent friendly (a point I make as I compile a list of places to take my parents when they visit in the spring), has some good beer and great cider on tap, tasty food, nice staff and great ambiance.  We often enjoy going there in the late afternoon on Sunday when we pretend that it will always be the weekend and we don't have to work the next day.  We usually show up after they officially stop serving sandwiches but they're always happy to make them for us, which is great because man are those sandwiches tasty.   Every time we've been there the staff have been incredibly accommodating and efficient.  I'm running out of things to say because I feel like I'm just going to repeat myself over and over again, going on about how much I love this place so I'll just sum it up:I love The Orchard.
4	On a hideously wet Saturday night, The Orchard gave us sanctuary, warmth, beer, comfy leather armchairs in front of a faux fire place, and quite a lovely setting for the second Yelp Meet-up. Throw in a comedy drunk old guy offering Chris M. money, and all-round it was quite nice!After a tasty dinner of tapas in the Spanish restaurant next door, and with the rain pouring down, Emily V. suggested we hop, skip and jump over to the nearest pub - The Orchard. I have never been down this end of town before for dinner and drinks, and for some reason I was thinking "old man pub" and all that that phrase conjures up. But instead I was quite pleasantly surprised by how large, warm and family-feelish the place had. The other customers all looked like they were enjoying a quietish Saturday night drink out, the atmosphere was friendly and mellow, but not dead, and the bar staff really were super friendly. Even the drunk guy propping up the bar was drunk in a friendly, comedic way.The only down side is we did all end up getting a bit sleepy in our leather armchairs in front of the fake fire, so I wouldn't recommend it as a pre-Saturday night out joint. But overall it was a lovely pub, especially for a cold, dark, wet winters night and should I be in the area again I will happily revisit.Also, they seem to offer a carvery / Sunday roast option. When we got there, there were two big roast beefs on display, which were then replaced by an amazing looking pie. Yelp Sunday-roast night out anyone?
5	My man and I are house hunting, and it's making us kind of sad to think about moving away from the Broughton/Canonmills area.  This, coupled with work related despair has resulted in us popping into The Orchard much more frequently.  I'm not saying we're going in every night, but about once a week/once a fortnight kind of frequent.  No mater what time of day it is always comfortably busy, which to me is a sign of a very good local.  It has been nice to see that the staff are obviously fed well, get on with eachother and have fun, while not appearing to take the piss.  One of the managers is also one of if not the best food service manager I've ever had the pleasure of observing.  He knows his customers, knows what they like to eat and drink, where they like to sit, and is a whiz at multitasking.  And, despite the fact that we're not exactly regulars, he recognized and said hello to us in the street the other day.  I'm very impressed.
4	A great pub. Real ales, good food and comfy Chesterfield Queen Anne's to read your paper in. Bliss.
5	If you haven't eaten here, you really should!The Orchard is quite simply my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh and I would urge everyone to try it.  The food is exceptional from modern roast dinners, to souffle, to venison in chocolate and cherry gravy.  All with a modern take and all very, very good.  The staff are really helpful and the ambience is great, very chilled.  There's a good range of types of spirits, beer, cider etc.  The place itself is bright and sunny, but for me the real winner is the food.  In a city with so many excellent restaurants, the Orchard stands out as one of the best.  I'm reluctant to let others know because it will get over-run once it's more widely discovered but it deserves to be.  No one I have taken there has ever been disappointed.  A real gem.
4	There will always be a place in my heart for The Orchard. As the first place we went to for a drink when we moved into the area five years ago, I've always made The Orchard one of our regular watering holes. The staff are friendly, the prices are reasonable, and although I've not sampled the food menu extensively, what I have had has been very tasty.What I really like about The Orchard is the atmosphere. There's a mix of regulars who tend to take up residence at the bar and will always offer a tale or two to those who wander in, looking for a place to satisfy their thirst. There's also a great mix of ages, which I find really refreshing as some bars seem to have an unspoken age policy, but that's not the case in The Orchard.I can't talk about the food in too much detail, but I have had the steak pie, which was delicious, and often my friends and I order chips whilst we work our way through our drinks. The chips are great, not thin and oily, but fat and fluffy.I will always champion The Orchard, especially on a hot day, when you can sit outside and watch the world go by.
5	I have been with my class mates several times in this bar close to the botanics, and I agree with previous posters which gave 4-5 stars. The have very good ales, a warm friendly ambience, a good selection of food (tried and was very satisfied with the burgers and a steak& stew Pie)  and very cosy and large. You can easily spend an entire evening with friends or partner having a dinner and the fuel up with alcohol.  Sometimes it is too crowded early so that is the only small negative i can think of, but it is a trend of all good pubs.
4	Located on Interleith Row, a short walk away from the Edinburgh Royal Botanical Garden.  After touring the gardens all morning, The Orchard was a welcome stop for a pint and a bite to eat.The servers were busy with the lunch crowd, but managed to be friendly and helpful.  Our pints and food arrived without delay.The pint of Deuchars IPA was creamy & refreshing.  We tried two ciabatta sandwiches.  Our first selection was Brie, bacon, cranberry & mixed greens.  Very tasty and satisfying.  Our second selection was the pulled pork with an apple relish, which was good, but I preferred the Brie ciabatta.Nice atmosphere, clean and tidy, tasty food and helpful servers.  What else could one ask for from a pub?  Give it a try after touring the gardens, you won't be disappointed.
