5	This is a really wonderful concept and one that I recommend for all of my patients. As a family doctor I see people who need to exercise regularly but can't find a convenient way to do it.Koko solves these problems by having a customized, effective and intense workouts that are fun to do because you can "win" and "level up" by improving your fitness.
3	The good:This place is such a rare find in what I call 'the land of gyms' - lets face in, there are so many appearance based jobs here we need this many gyms! (model server, model bartenders, performers, etc.) But not everyone works out the same.This place is for the 'average joe's'. For the people who have never worked out a day in their life. For the senior citizens who are doing it for their health.The club is small, not busy and not intimidating. For the most part I've enjoyed the staff. The customized workouts are nice for someone needing a place to start (again, that 'average joe' type). It's kinda like a video game and you try to keep your speed, form and range of motion on target to end your workout at 100%.The bad:This place is not for experienced fitness 'buff's'. You will not enjoy this place if you want a one-on-one personal training experience (the Bob Harper or Jillian Michaels like experience). If you want to be pushed to the limits of your physical abilities, again, you won't find that here. If you're competitive or If you want a since of community from your gym, this place is not for you.In the 4 weeks I have been there I have continuously 'increased' my program and the program continuously decreased the amount of weights (ex. my first week I was squatting 60lbs comfortably... my 4th week, with 2 'increases' in my program it's now having me squat 25lb and I'm bored!)I absolutely HATE listening to the pre-recorded audio on the treadmill and elliptical programs. I hated his nutrition advice, and rants on flu shots, etc! As someone who walked into Koko already having lost 120lbs, it was completely opposite advice of everything I  had already found to be true. The only reason I listen is for the interval training: telling me when to go up or down on my incline/cross ramp and resistance and speed.I get nothing from these 'customized' workouts. I actually leave without having ever broken a sweat and go home to run 3.1 miles on my treadmill at home. I leave wanting more.....I start Cross Fit tomorrow.
5	I am like a Yoyo!  I started coming to this place but at the other location and stopped for a year.  I recently came back and joined up at this St. Rose Location closer to my house and here is the deal:a.  Trainer - I really like the electronic user friendly training system that keeps you on target. I do not enjoy personal trainers, so a machine trainer is the next best thing.b.  Cardio - 2 elliptical and 3 walking machines. Just the right amount and having the headphone with the programmed training choices is great.  Keeps you focused, burns max calories and love that it is 15 minutes!c.  Strength - 5 machines in all, never had to wait and at the hours I come, usually I am alone or with one or two others.  30 minutes strength test with the machine trainer measuring your timing and all works for me. d.  Your USB - You keep all your data on your USB drive and plug it into either the cardio or strength machines. All is tracked and you can visit your own website for your updates.e.  Staff and Owners - The staff and owners of Koko Fit are absolutely great and make coming here part of the fun. While I do not see them often as I like to come early morning, I know that they are always supporting me.This is great gym, comfortable, just right and perfect for my habits!GK says, check it out.
5	Koko is seriously the greatest. Hands down the best gym you will ever find. Completely worth every penny. (Hint: Check Groupon for first-timer deals so you can try Koko out for less.)The staff are friendly and helpful. The whole entire process - from getting started to doing your daily workout - is incredibly easy. And it all takes very little time!Koko is like having a personal trainer without having someone breathing down your neck. You plug your ow USB drive into the one-in-all machine and do your 30 minute or less workout. The screen (a.k.a. personal trainer) tells you everything to do - how to setup the machine, how much weight, how many reps, what speed/pace, etc. And it even applauds for you when you're all done.If you dislike the gym scene or ever feel lost and don't know just what to do with all those machines, Koko is the answer. And you will definitely see results. After doing Koko, I will never go back to a regular gym.
