4	This is a great bar if you have kids.... I know that sounds weird but listen. They have a beach  and tiki bar in the rear with cornhole, beer pong, ping pong, horseshoes etc.... They have a stage out there for live music. Big portions of food for not alot of cash. Becoming a Friday night tradition
4	Place is not bad, good food it seems to be run by a young crowd which is nice. I have been there numerous times with out of town visitors an everytime is a good time heck on my last visit I was given two pint glasses. The grown up grilled cheese is a great sandwich as well as the rest of the menu it's got the perfect mix of pub food and good food with a good friendly atmosphere my only suggestion is go for lunch or an early dinner especially in the summer months. Downfall the Guinness is a bit pricey and I can put them down so I try to avoid the pints when I go so I don't break the bank.
4	Got done at the shooting range and, ready for a beer, headed to McHales Bar in Fort Mill. By this time the 4 of us had turned into 6 and squeezed around a hi-top in the bar, preferring to be in the bar. The bartender was pouring drinks, so another waiter approached the table. This is great! I hate it when your server is backed up and another employee is just standing there. This guy was proactive which was awesome. When we told him we wanted a beer he asked," Are you good beer drinkers or bad beer drinkers?" We laughed. I looked at the list and ordered a Dogfish Head 90 minute. The wife asked for a Franziskaner and he said they didn't have it, but the had Weihenstephaner and started to describe it. I played beer snob and offered that it's the world's oldest brewery at which point the server gave me the look of acknowledgment that he knew I KNOW about beer. We got our drinks and ordered. I got the 'County Down Cheeseburger' with bacon and a fried egg! Medium rare was really medium rare, and it was awesome! It's like a breakfast sandwich (which I love!) with a burger on it.....HELLO!!???! And when cooked right it's a thing of beauty. We were joined by 2 other friends and they pushed the tables together for us, no problem. They even had the check split by couple with no questions or dirty looks. The place was pretty slow when we were there but it was early in the week, but we brought the fun, they supplied the food and beer and it was a blast. Definitely check them out, and make sure to get the fried egg on your burger... you wont regret it!
4	McHale's is a great local bar, with a really terrific staff. It's the perfect place to unwind after work, hang out with friends, and get some great beer. Their beer list is actually unbelievable. I'm not sure how many beers they offer, but I know for sure it's over 100, and possibly over 150. They change it VERY frequently, in fact from day to day the draft selections are different. Their managers and staff are all knowledgeable about the beer list and can steer you in the right direction If you're a beer snob, this is a place you should check out. Join the beer club, and get free beer, shirts, mugs, and a plaque on the wall, just for trying new & different beer! How can you beat that?The food is pretty decent for bar food. I've had great meals and ok meals, never any bad meals. The offerings are inventive, like the Irish Spring Rolls filled with corned beef, sauerkraut, and swiss cheese. My only complaint is that the kitchen closes so early, and the bar does too for that matter. No food is served after 10pm, which for someone used to living in a big city is borderline ridiculous. The bar closes at midnight every night of the week, which is odd to me too, but then again, I'm used to late-night bars & restaurants in bigger cities. There's plenty to do, from pool, darts, live music, horseshoes, ping pong, and cornhole. It's definitely the place to go to have fun in Ft. Mill!
2	We arrived at McHale's around 7:30 on Friday night, looking forward to some pub fare and live music.  Although the parking lot was full (I had to wait for a car to leave before I was able to park), we were able to find a table immediately on entering.The inside is well decorated, clean, and inviting.  We were approached fairly quickly by our server, who asked for our drink orders.  We needed a few minutes to peruse the beers on tap listing.  From that point on, our experience was unbelievably bad.It took us all of 2 minutes to figure out our drink preferences, but it was 10 minutes before our server returned.  She took our drink order and would have left straight-away, but we stopped her and asked for potato cakes as an appetizer, as we were famished.  It was 20 minutes later that the appetizers arrived, and we had to ask the runner where our drinks were.  5 minutes later, they appeared.We were completely done with our appetizers (and still hungry) when our server finally returned and asked (in an incredulous tone) if we wanted to order dinner.  If you're not keeping track, I'll remind you that we've now been at McHale's for 40 minutes!  We ordered fish and chips (for me) and a veggie sandwich (for the wife), thinking that would be among the quicker-to-prep items on the menu.It took just over 30 minutes for the food to arrive.  At least it was hot.  The fish was fine -- standard pub-style cod -- but the fries on both of our plates were only the end pieces, as though they had run out of full-figured fries and were dredging the bottom of the bag to find something to serve.  They were all crisp, no potato, and no flavor.  My wife's veggie sandwich was very plain.I'll spare you the remaining saga, but I'll bet you can guess that it was more of the same as it took us one hour and fifty minutes before we had paid our tab and were able to leave.  I understand that sometimes  as a table you end up in a perfect storm of minor mishaps, and I would never give up on a restaurant for that alone.  But through all of this, our server only showed up at our table 4 times, and was dour and terse to boot.  We were in no rush.  In fact, we had planned on taking our time so we could enjoy the live music.  But poor service ruled the day.  All it would have taken to turn our frustration into an adventure was engaging interaction and some smiles from our server.  Any restaurant or server can get overwhelmed or behind, but there is never an excuse for poor customer service.
3	The service started out well, but then went down hill from there.  We placed our drink order and an order for my daughter's meal.  We received the drinks, but our daughter's order never went in which we found our an hour later when we received our food.This wasn't completely the servers fault, it seems the kitchen was over whelmed.  However, the server was checking in with the table, so we could have rectified this earlier if he had checked.We got appetizers (spinach artichoke, bacon cheese fries, and buffalo chick tenders). The food took a LONG time to come out and were luke warm when served.  Overall, the food was just OK.I haven't given up, but I was disappointed.
3	We've lived in the area for six years and never made it to McHales until tonight. We knew it would be crowded since it was a Friday night, but we were okay with that. We got a table right away and then sat for quite a while before someone came to take our order.  We ordered apps and main course all at once, and after over thirty minutes they brought out everything at once. What's worse is that the apps seemed like they'd been ready for a while because they were a bit cold and soggy.I ordered roast beef on mash and was disappointed to discover that the roast beef was most likely what they also used for their french dip sandwiches.  It tasted like nothing more than deli meat. Very little flavor.My husband got the panini and only ate half. He did get some wings and said they were okay.The worst part of the evening was our server. I don't know if she was new or just clueless, but she should not be working a heavy Friday night crowd. She's a better fit for a slow Tuesday lunch crowd at best.  She ignored our table even when we flagged her down to get her attention.Considering how much we'd heard about this place we were very disappointed and won't be back.
3	McHale's has the promise of being a fantastic pub and a neighborhood favorite. I have only been there once, so I can't say that it will forever be a 3 star place, but that is what it was this one time!I had their most famous dish, the fish & chips, and the serving was quite generous. The fish was pretty good, however, the fries were decent at best. My mom's veggie quesadilla did not come with the mushrooms advertised on the menu, but my dad really enjoyed his burger. They had Sweetwater and other local craft brews on tap, so they have my respect for that!All in all, it wasn't worth the ~20 minute drive down to Fort Mill, but I can see locals enjoying this place, especially in the spring or summertime (nice patio!).
3	After a miserable experience at McHale's in September 2012, we thought we've never go back.  Well, we did go back.  We had an old Groupon that was going to expire and decided to give McHale's another try.  What a difference!  Ironically, we sat that the EXACT same table, and also ironically we ended up going on another Friday night.  But this time there was a total turnaround on all fronts.  The waitress was attentive and timely throughout our whole meal, and the food was MUCH MUCH better.   We ordered different items on the menu from last time, and they didn't disappoint at all.    It was like a totally different restaurant, and one that we WOULD go to again.I've bumped up the rating from 1 star to 3 stars - I'm leery to give it a higher rating since I don't know whether the first experience or the second experience was the "out of the norm" version of the place.  If we end up going again, I'll update again as well!
5	I used to live not too far from here and definitely miss it!  I'll start off by saying I'm NOT a beer drinker but this place was able to introduce me to a beer I now love, props for that.  The food is always good.  I had a friend come in from out of town and told her we had to go for their awesome Guinness chili nachos.  She was in love and I remained in love, they're my favorite nachos I've ever had anywhere on this planet!
4	i like this place when they have it all together. some times the service is great sometimes not so much. Sometimes the food is good sometimes its great. but its always good and they have a ton of beer to choose from both on tap and bottles. go before 7 for the happy hour and the best drink and food prices.
2	I honestly cannot see giving this establishment a rating higher than a 3.  My 2 rating is due to the following reasons 1) my husband and I went to watch NFL kickoff last Sunday.  Ordered our beer and then attempted to order our food.  I said attempt because they didn't have much to offer.  Every time we made a selection it was either 86 or a component was 86. The explaination we were given was it was very busy Friday night and ran out of stuff - hello it is now Sunday afternoon. You are advertising watching the games at your location.  I pointed out that there is a grocery store within walking distance.  The reply was the owners won't let us buy anything.  I ordered shepards pie which is supposed to be a meat potato and veggie dish. When it showed up at the table it had at least 1/2inch of melted cheese on top a fact not mentioned in the description. After scraping that off I proceeded to dig in. Unfortunately the dish was made with less than an ounce of meat alittle bit of peas and corn and a pile of potatoes. I had the honor of paying $10 for that.  2) OK everyone can have a bad day so we returned this Sunday.  Once again they were out of things but not as bad as last week.  I ordered a specialty burger for $11 Safe right?  Wrong. It came out as any basic burger would except for the fact that the actual patty looked liked someone took a bite out of it.  I called the server over to show her the burger and to ask where the special burger was - her reply - it looks like someone bit into it.  When I asked about the bun vs bagel - oh we don't have those anymore!  There is much more that I can say but this is already a novel. Long story short. The food sucks and we will not return.  One other thing when I told our server about our experience last week she stated that she served an English guy that complained that the shepards pie was the worse he ever ate - I agree.  Time to find another place to go.
2	My friends and I always meet up here when I am visiting from out of town. The service is usually mediocre but last night was absolutely terrible. One of my friends got there first and a soon a he sat down at the table in the bar area he was presented by the blonde female bartender with a $150.00 tab. He politely told the girl this wasn't his tab and she proceeded to literally scream at him and fly off the handle.  Luckily the tab owners had just stepped outside for a moment, but from that moment on we had the most terrible service from her. I ordered a margarita and it was disgusting with nothing but mixer and a few cubes of ice. The guys were ordering beers and they literally had to approach the bartender at the bar for two different rounds of beer because the bartender would not return to service our table like she was servicing the rest of them. We had to ask for menus because we were not offered any and anytime we attempted to speak with or get the bar tender's attention she just glared and smirked and acted like everything was just a big inconvenience to her. She was literally snatching money out of out hands while we were paying. Ridiculous.
4	Darts  yeah.  Don't forget to join the Beer Club.  So many different beers to try and they get new ones on a regular basis.
