5	Nice little place that slightly reminds me of China One?Nice service, they made the food fast and it was your good standard fast food chinese. Will probably be visiting here frequently when I'm in a hurry.
4	I ordered the Hong Kong fried noodle and it was good. The garlic sauce with seafood , meat, and veggies  was tasty. It was friendly and  fast service.I would go back for fast chinese meals.
3	Stopped at China Dragon for lunch today.  It is new, so it's clean and fairly modern inside.  They seat you, take your order at the table, and serve you instead of having you counter order like a lot of the strip mall quick order Chinese joints.  Because of this I was surprised that our food came out in Styrofoam boxes and bowls with plastic utensils.  The soup that comes with the lunch specials is egg drop.  It is basically favorless, but adding some of their wide crunchy wontons and hot mustard helped a little.  The crunchy wontons themselves were very good.  Light, crispy, and not greasy.  The hot mustard was was in the little to go packets.I ordered the Sweet & Sour chicken lunch special with all white meat chicken (for an extra $1).  It came with fried rice and chow mein.  The chicken was fantastic.  They only put a little s&s sauce on top so the breading retained that crunch that gets lost when it gets doused in sauce.  The peppers and pineapple were also crisp and flavorful.  The chow main & rice were bland and nothing special.My friend ordered the orange chicken, also all white meat.  Hers was smothered in orange sauce, so it was a little soggy.  The steam in those closed Styrofoam boxes really don't help matters.  Her orange sauce lacked much flavor.  She would not order it again.They do have Thai tea and Boba smoothies, which are worth investigating if I ever return.All in all, it's okay if you're looking for something cheap and quick and the service was good, but most items we tried lacked flavor.  The crispy wonton strips and sweet and sour chicken (white) would be the only things I tried that I would want to eat here again.
2	We ordered very basic fried rice dishes. They're reasonably priced but very very bland. I'll give them another shot with other menu items but with the fail of this simple dish I won't know what to expect.
