5	Wow! Awesome place. Soo cute and unbelievable service. Brought my dog in. The owners were in the front. They walked me though their options. I chose to wash my own dog. They have the best smelling shampoos and sprays. Even a pet dryer. We cleaned ears and brushed  teeth!!!  They had aprons so I could look clean when I left too! Ha haBest is they have top food and it's way cheaper than PetsMart and I can get a free bag!! I LOVE this place!!! Kinda didn't want to leave. They need chairs for people to sit and visit! Lol
5	I love this place. They are very nice and very helpful. They make themselves available to accommodate the customer and don't quibble about inconsequential things (I was late picking my dogs up and they didn't fuss or charge me extra). I am moving and they even took time out to dig around for boxes for me. Good people who make our big city feel cozy.
3	Took our pumpkinator here for a wash and nail trim! They were very nice, and very gentle to her. Just a couple of things I really was to happy about.1) We had to leave her there for 4 hrs! I would have rather just come in when they were ready for her, stayed there until they were done.2) When I came to pick her up, they had her in a carrying box on the floor behind the front counter.I am not going to allow that again, we will have a discussion about this the next time we go there. Besides this issue, job was done, she looked, smelled, felt clean! We will give them another chance and I'll let you know how it goes.
5	Love this place. They are so friendly and very helpful when you come in. They ensure you have everything you need and more. And then there is the price. WHAT A DEAL. We have one large, hairy dog and having a nice big tub to wash him in, get all that hair brushed out and get his teeth, ears and hair blow dried is such a treat!
4	I had used a service nearby to have my Golden groomed and when I stopped by to see if I could get nails trimmed, it appears they are no longer at the location.I came home and checled "Google" and found Kimbur Pet Wash and Suites. I do like giving my dog a bath - bonding time - as he does not like it when I leave him, as I had to do in the past. Kimbur had all the things I needed including instructions if I needed help.I will return - it was VERY affordable, clean and friendly.  We had a good time.  Do not be a hero, wear the provided apron, as your dog will shake water off before you get going with the dryer.
5	I needed someone to check on my dogs and give them a potty break while we were away on a day trip. One of my dogs is blind, and I wanted to avoid the stress of taking him in just for a day. I called Kimbur, and they were happy to help.Julianne was friendly and professional, and my dogs (especially my lab!) loved her. I couldn't have been happier with our experience. In fact, we are planning on boarding all 3 of our pets when we go on vacation. Now that my little guy knows Julianne, boarding won't be as stressful!Their in-home and boarding rates are super reasonable, too.Thanks Kimbur!
5	I was nervous about boarding my 14 year dog who has never been boarded but they are so nice, you get a very welcoming feel just walking in the door. I had checked out another local place and had very unpleasant vibes when I toured it, so glad my vet recommended this one. You can tell they love the animals and they make every effort to meet your pet's needs. I'm definitely going to be using them again.
5	I have been using Kimbur Pet Care services for 7 years. Terri was one of the first people I met when moving from Seattle to Surprise. I would not let anyone else take care of my precious pups. I buy all of my pet food from their shop and take my dog in for a regular washing. I firmly believe in supporting locally owned business and this is one of the best.
5	We love this place! Everyone is so nice and helpful at Kimbur Pet Wash. They took good care of our dog Reese. We recommend Kimbur!
4	Went in today with my four dogs to get their nails trimmed! The young girl was very nice and affectionate toward my dogs. She was also very helpful with everything. The older lady working, not so much. She seemed gruff and not too friendly. I was the only person in there, so I know she wasn't annoyed or rushed or anything. On the super plus side, they don't charge for a nail trimming!! On the downside, the older lady said there wasn't much to cut on two of my dogs (they each did two dogs and the younger one took them into the back, very professional) when there was a good half inch of nail after the quick. Doesn't seem like she does it too often. Don't know if I trust her opinion in the matter. I don't know if I will be taking them back because I like their nails shorter, but can't really beat the price!!
5	Love this place! Clean facility with microfiber towel. High quality shampoo and ear cleaner.  They also carry a high quality dog foods. This will be my new spot for my doggies in the valley!
5	Awesome place.... cheaper then and pet food store in the west Valley.... also, they do boarding and let me tell you,  I wouldn't trust anyone else with my dogs
5	Friendly service and excellent prices! I am looking forward to using their grooming services too.
4	We liked the prices and choose to take our dog here. I didn't like that I was taking home a wet dog, his bottom was still dripping and because he was so scared I had to lift him into the car. As a result my shirt got wet too. However the staff was nice and friendly. Great prices on dog food as well.
