5	I have to say, so far I will give this group a 5 Star Rating because they did do their best to rectify our situation each time something went wrong. The Problem is, the "OWNER" of the house that we are renting is a "SLUM LORD!!!!!"  And I am being VERY NICE!! We are renting a house on E. El Camino Drive. Throughout the summer time we basiclly had NO airconditioning!! The average temperature in our house was 90 degrees (when the air was working). When the air wasn't working (65% of the time) it averaged about 120 degrees. We had to sleep in hotels and my sisters house to keep from getting sick! The owner's resolve was to get "area fans." Really??? We rented this house "With" airconditioning!! We expect to have air conditioning!During the winter time, you guessed it! No heat!!Now we are about done with our lease, just paid nearly $1300.00 for the month of July and "RAW SEWERAGE" is backing up into our shower and sewer gasses into our drains every time the toilet is flushed. We are told by the plumber to NOT flush the toilet unless absolutely necessary and not to throw tp in there either! This is Dangerous!! I informed the management company on Feb 1st. and they said the owner wanted to send out "Her" plumber. OK, he finally comes out on Feb. 3rd to tell me everything I just told you about the raw sewerage! So, she sends them out again yesterday the 6th to give her a total estimate to redue all her 50 year old pipes (before they burst underground) and she doewsn't believe them, so she is sending someone else out tomorrow to get a second opinion. Meanwhile, we are breathing all these fumes!This is the deal!! I sent a certified letter delivered Today that gives her 5 days by law (A.R.S 33-1324 & A.R.S. 33-1361) to fix this "Emergancy" or we can vacate, BUT I want my Full Deposit back and the months rent for Febuary. I feel that is being MORE than Fair!!Now, since this is the Management Company she is using, I believe it is their call! If they take care of this properly, I will come back and give them another 5 STARS! BUT, if they screw me, They better watch out!!!Any other advice anyone???
1	Arizona Property Management & Investments has managed my Sun City, Az. property very poorly and unprofessionally.  From the start I was not given a fully executed management agreement, then their affiliate handy man business did not do the $345 in repairs I paid for.  Not only did they not replace the disposal, they also removed the reverse osmosis system!  They are now charging me twice.  The Tenant and I have left them together.  They tried to make out each of us was difficult to the other, but we work beautifully together.  I am a good landlord with a great Tenant.  I do not recommend them to either Landlord or Tenant.
1	This is the worse real estate company I have ever dealt with.  Their handy man removed my reverse osmosis system, there was nothing wrong with it.  When I complained, they got another vendor to put the RO system in and told me they would charge it to their handy man.  Well, long story short they charged me $283.50 for it.  Never, either as a landlord or tenant, do business with them.  They own Az. Handyman & Remodeling Services LLC and this is how they make additional money.
1	I had this management company for my house when I had to work out of state for a year.  The tenant they found was horrible, she didn't pay her rent on time, ruined the house and stole my washer/dryer when she moved out (actually she was evicted for not paying the last month's rent).  When I came back to town to find my house in terrible condition, Rhonda and Payam were nowhere to be found and wanted nothing to do with me.  They basically stole a monthly fee from me without actually looking over my property, some management company.
1	We should have an option of negative stars here! Extremely fraud group of cheaters! Working under multiple Brand Names and numerous so called successful investors! (and of course will try to cheat you using any name they can - like Az. Handyman & Remodeling Services LLC and Global Real Estate Investments)I hired their company to rent my property. After quite some time, they presented two offers which were loudly yelling - 'I am a Fraud cheapster - don't rent me your over $270K  house'! Well...after wasting quite some time, we decided to rather sell my property! They routed to another so called sister-company of theirs and said it will be a quick sale; my house being in a great neighborhood....Long story short, that didn't go anywhere either! AND when I came back to the country, was surprised to see the damages on the property! And then when I terminated the contract; they said I never gave them the home security key fob to disarm the system! Like really! After quite a lot of explanation, we decided that they would reimburse me  for the fine I had to pay to Phoenix PD + security key fob and a lost mailbox key! I didn't even ask anything for the damaged kitchen and barbecue cabinets!!! It's been over 8 months now - I haven't received any check - even after trying to contact them every now and then! Ridiculous guys!!!! Cheaters! Stay away from them! The only positive reviews here I think are by the owners themselves!
5	This company is composed of really hardworking people with an incredible work ethic and excellent level of professionalism
