5	All real men isn't it a requirement to love a junkyard? I'm like a kid in the candy store. From the car side to the truck side they will most likely have what your looking for. And the prices are cheap obviously. Who wants to hit up the dealer and pay inflated prices when you can grab you're tools and get dirty finding the parts you need and sometimes don't need lol. They also sell complete cars now. Its 1.00 to get in. They accept plastic now incase you don't carry cash. And a food truck sits out front giggity.
4	This was my first time at a junkyard and I have to admit, it was actually kind of fun. Not having had any experience at all at a salvage yard (and being a girl) I was a bit nervous and didn't know what to expect. Luckily the guys there were all helpful. Unfortunately they didn't have the sun visor I needed (HINT: visors are pretty popular--I looked in a lot of cars that were there and didn't see a single one.) But I did salvage a couple of the clips that hold the visor up and out of the way--AND they didn't charge me. Score!The car I was picking from had already been there 8 days so another lesson learned: call daily and if the car you need comes in, GET THERE FAST. Also, guys probably already know this but ladies, be sure to dress appropriately. Heavy jeans, sturdy shoes or work boots. This is NOT the place for shorts, tank tops and sandals. Bring gloves and tools. And if you're salvaging for small parts like I was, bring a backpack or something to carry your stuff in that you won't care if it gets dirty. Be careful--lots of broken glass everywhere. I'm glad I was prepared--I saw women out there who weren't and they didn't look like they were doing too well. A bit far to drive from Hendo where I am (especially since they didn't have what I needed) but as far as services go, very friendly and helpful.
2	Friendly and helpful? maybe toward the women, but not the men [at least not me]. Far from it actually. They used to have negotiable prices. So when I went to pay I wanted to negotiate the price. I was practically cursed out and told the price was firm. They could definitely use more customer service skills. Another thing, there is NO RETURNS, exchange only. Make sure electrical components work before you buy them. Save your money and go online to LKQ, they are a HUGE warehouse [LOCALLY] and have lots of parts...best part about them, you dont have to pic it off, they do all the work and have a 6 month MONEY BACK warranty on most parts.
4	i tried to sell my car to this company and according to the web site they will pay $500-$10,000 ..my car is in good condition just the starter is alil messed up (which by the way the starter solenoid only cost $40.00 Thur them and what they will do is fix it and then sell it on their lot for $3000-$5000 I'm not stupid) i was told they only buy cars for scrap and parts and offered me $300 i was offered $2800 Thur Craig's list AS IS i was just hoping to sell it faster to pay for my new car oh well now i have to wait till next week for the guy to come get it for $2800...their website is very misleading guess they're used to dealing with gambling and drug addicted people who need money fast and are desperate enough to take anything they can get.......
4	chicks rule here!! we get in free..yayyyy. but if you are not savvy you better have a mechanic or at least somebody who knows how to rip stuff out of a car for you. its dirty, hot and greasy out there. so hydrate, wear old clothes and bring an umbrella. i bought water and held the umbrella over the mechanics head to at least look busy :) love this place
4	I rarely go out in the hot sun for car parts...but when I do...I prefer Nevada Pic A Part.First time going out to this salvage yard, and I must say, I had fun!  Going out with the father-in-law for what I thought was one Nissan part and 30 minutes, ended up being extra Honda parts and 4 hours later!  We were out there for some time!Nevada Pic A Part is organized pretty well, trucks on one side, cars on the other.  Then further organized into foreign and domestic.  For guys, it costs a $1 to get in for admission.  Girls?  They're free.  Makes it seem like a night club.It's called Nevada Pic A Part for a reason.  You will pick out all your own parts!  Don't come here expecting it all laid out for you!  This place is a mechanic's wet dream, which is why my father-in-law loves coming here.  A mechanic by trade, he can be here for hours and not even care.  So come with a hat and some water!  I sure didn't and I paid the price with a red, sunburned scalp.  Bring some tools too in case you find anything you want, you will definitely be doing the labor all on your own.  If you're not mechanically inclined, bring some friends!  But dammit, be careful!  Dropping an old car on your foot cannot feel good.After finding the part we needed for our old 1993 Nissan Pathfinder, we decided to wander a bit.  This is where I got in some trouble.  I found me a mini Honda Prelude heaven!  And as luck would have it, vintage 80's Preludes just waiting to be picked apart!  I was seriously having some sweaty fun, picking needed extra parts for my baby Eva, my 1986 Honda Prelude.  Getting down and dirty, I got some extra headrests, a gas cap, an oil cap, a cigarette lighter (hard to find), a dome light cover, some door trim, and a super hard to find arm rest base!  All OEM original!  So stoked!  Parts were a bit dirty but after some elbow grease I got them back to near new condition.  Very happy day.Prices will vary at Nevada Pic A Part based on the parts you are getting, and if they are for a car or a truck.  I guess negotiating on price is a thing of the past unfortunately.  My father-in-law said you used to be able to haggle on prices before, but I tried and yep, now you can't.  Kinda takes out some of the fun of doing stuff like this.  But the prices were reasonable for what I did get, especially since they are all original parts.Had some bonding time with the father-in-law, and got some needed parts to boot.  Can't get much better than that!  Nevada Pic A Part, I will be back!
1	Long story short: I don't particularly like the way they do business. I was trying to sell my car to them. They were supposed to come pick it up but they never did. Long story (if you care to read): My car salesman was calling on my behalf initially (pic a part quoted me more money than the dealership). He said that he gave them my number so we could set up a pick-up. I never received a call. I couple weeks later I call to take care of business myself (I figured my car salesman just dropped the ball. I mean he had already sold me my car at that point. What did it matter to him?). I was quoted for $25 less (no matter. I got them to agree to the original quote in the end). The hours they work are exactly the hours I work but i told them to let me know when they could pick up my car and I'd try to work something out. The guy told me he'd have to look at the schedule the next day. (we were texting after their business hours). Next day comes, I don't hear from him, I text him, he tells me that he hasn't looked at it but that I can call this other number. I call, leave a message. They call back later that day or the next day. We set up A day for the pick up (a Saturday and it's Thursday I believe). He tells me that he can not gave me an estimated time of pick up. Just that it will be some time between 8 and 4:30. . I can't remember when or how but at some point during a future phone call, I am told that my car will be picked up around 3 and that they could call in the morning and give a better estimate. Well Saturday came, the morning came and went, no phone call (no worries because they've already told me about 3pm anyway), 3pm came and went, no call, no pick up. It has been over a week and I've heard nothing. These people don't even know that they never picked up my car. What kind of business is this?!? I wasted my entire Saturday waiting on them! (I ultimately sold it elsewhere)They should have 0 stars I think
5	I just wanted to write about this business. The manager Robert Callender went out of his way to help my girlfriend, and myself. ( Her sons car was hit.) I would give them 10 stars if I could.  If you know what you need and take off the parts you will save allot of money. To the people who wrote bad reviews, go to a parts store, or dealership and  see what they want for the same part. If I ever need any auto parts for a older car, I will always go to Nevada Pic A Part. The Manager Robert is a Class act.  Thanks Nevada Pic A Part for saving my girlfriend tons of money. Steve M
4	Great prices, assuming (1) You have the time to dismantle a wrecked or dead car and (2) You know exactly what you are getting intoI got into a major fender bender a few weeks ago. Not wanting to deal with overpriced shipping costs for new parts from the internet (hint: Online stores almost double the amount of money you are paying!), one of my friends told me about this place which I never heard of.On my first day and one and a half hour trying to locate a dead 2001 Corolla to salvage for parts, I pulled out a used hood latch that I needed from a 1996 Camry. I already knew off the top of my head that it is going to fit, basing it on the diagrams I googled for a new one online. I thought it was difficult to locate the cars though. After 45 minutes of walking around the Toyota Section, whatever '01 Corolla that remained must have been picked clean. There was no paint markers on the dirt, or signs sticking out that would label the correct lane that the Corolla was supposed to be sitting in. Also I noticed some car hoods were held up solely by the dismantled valve covers left behind from other customers who went through it.I also found it interesting to examine how many different ways a car can end up inoperable. There was this one particular dead Toyota that looked like (from the smashed windshield) it ran someone over. Something heavy mashed the right part of the windshield and bounced off in some sort of accident. If anyone wanted to start off as a automotive technician, they should be a regular (paying customer) of Pic-A-Part. They only charged me a $1 "cover" to walk through the gates.Since it took me two hours to get through multiple traffic jams today, I plan on returning soon to look for a compatible hood, radiator support, left headlight assembly, and left turn signal lamp, since I only paid $11 dollars plus tax for a fully functional hood latch. That is already one steal of a deal! Online stores attempted to charge me as much as $29 before shipping and tax.
