5	Let's face it, nobody likes going to the dentist. At least nobody i know. Over the years I've had many a crappy dentist so I was glad when a co-worker recommended Ahn & Perez and they actually turned out to be good!Ahn & Perez are a married couple and their practice is very friendly. The office manager, Terri is always very nice and pleasant. Almost makes going to get your teeth drilled not so bad. They are willing to work with you on payments. When I had a crown put on they let me split up the payments so it didn't hurt my bank account quite as much.I was really nervous for the crown work as I'd never had more than a filling in the past. The process was (relatively) painless and Dr. Perez worked quickly. They even have a TV in front of the chair so you can watch a movie with headphones on while they work on you. I kept my eyes shut but even being able to listen to the movie helped take my mind off my teeth.I go back every 6 months for my cleaning and I never leave with my mouth in pain from being stabbed in the gums like I've experienced at other places.I highly recommend Ahn & Perez if you're looking for a dentist in the Tempe area.
2	I chose this dentist because they're walking distance from our house, and I know Drs Ahn & Perez through my former place of employment.As far as the whole dental experience, this place was fine, but I'm a freak of nature that loves going to the dentist so unless I walk out the door with bleeding gums, I'm gonna be content with the exam and cleaning.However, my problem with this office is that they don't take our insurance, and they neglected to inform us of this until AFTER they had already done $400+ worth of cleanings and exams on myself and my husband.  A receptionist should know which insurance policies they accept and they should be up front in telling you if yours isn't one of them.  I had my appointment and then my husband had his THREE WEEKS later.  PLENTY of time to call and say "Hey, by the way, your insurance won't cover all the services since we're not one of their providers."  Seems a little shady to me.  So, if they take your insurance, great!  Book it.  But be SURE they do before you let them do your exam.
5	I am so sad that my new job's dental insurance plan doesn't cover Ahn & Perez! :( They are extremely nice and I have always been happy with their work. I have gotten my teeth whitened by them too and was pleased with the results. Thanks for the great service!
5	These dentists are great at explaining medical issues in a way that you can understand. They are honest and very smart. They don't take my insurance and I still go there (lets face it, dental insurance doesn't reimburse much, so it's only like a $15 difference for me to go out of network for a cleaning). I would never go anywhere else!
1	This husband and wife team are expensive and conduct unnecessary procedures to run up your bill.  Dr. Perez did such a horrible root canal job on one of my molars that I lost the tooth and now the bone wont heal...therefore I cannot get an implant!!  It seemed every time I went in, they would spend too much time "measuring my gum line" and not fixing the problem(s).  Dont waste your time or money on these so-called dentists.
5	Dr. Ahn and Perez are wonderful!  I went to this office for a couple of years while I lived in Tempe.  The front office was excellent about reminding me of my appointments and about answering any questions I had regarding my care or about insurance.  I read the negative review about insurance and am blown away!  I was a student on my mother's insurance at the time and have overpaid for health care in the past, but Dr. Ahn and Perez always made sure I knew what my insurance covered and answered all my questions.  The actual dental care is also fabulous.  They are excellent at explaining things well and making you feel at ease.  Dr. Ahn even cleaned my teeth a couple times on days the hygienist was out and was excellent and so nice!!  I've met a few dentists who won't do a cleaning -- not Dr. Ahn :).  I believe what makes a great healthcare provider is empathy, understanding, honesty, and superb medical knowledge.  Dr. Ahn and Perez have it all.  :)  I was sad to find another dentist when I moved!
5	I have been going to Dr. Ahn and Perez for my regular dental cleanings for quite some time now. They recently found a cavity and took care of it the same day! They are very friendly and make going to the dentist painless and easy. Especially great for families!
5	I was pleasantly surprised with my first visit to see Dr. Ahn.  I have had a couple of bad experiences with dentists, but I am here to stay.  Dr. Ahn was friendly and spent the entire appointment with me.  My last dentist recommended $4000 worth of work which I declined and started searching for a new provider.  One year later my teeth were fine and Dr. suggested "Keeping an eye" on a couple of trouble spots. It is a relief to find such an honest and caring dentist.
5	Great dentist.    Very thorough and conscientious, they do great work.
