5	Awesomely incredible ass-kicking workout! They have a super nice staff and specials going on until their January 3rd grand opening! I just paid $79 for 8 sessions a month - regular $99. And they have Groupon specials once in a while (like $29 for 4 sessions or $99 for 10) so watch for those. Now let's get something straight: I'm not a fitness buff by any means. I am 40 pounds overweight, I have two blown knees, a bad back, an old shoulder injury, and asthma. I kept up with the hour long workout at my own pace, wasn't pushed beyond my capability or made to feel bad when I had to modify my regimen, and I actually finished out the class. They are doing a free class NYE and all day January 2nd! They are next to the old Cork N' Cleaver on 44th Street and Camelback so check them out!
5	Amazing!! I was looking for something different than the same old big box gyms. The energy from the trainers is enough to make you want to power through anything and not to mention the others in the class make you feel that you have to do it or you'll look like a wimp! You leave the class feeling like you just had your but kicked but in a good way. The staff is wonderful from the front desk, trainers, as well as the owner Bobby. They are never too busy so answer your questions or address your concerns! Some of the trainers that I've experienced are Kristen who always gives you a challenge and keeps things interesting, Brian has a attention for detail and kicks your butt with abs, Marissa always challenges me with her circuit and has a sweet approach, Bobby will just plain kick your butt and is definitely a motivator. All in all they are all amazing trainers and will motivate you to reach your goals. A special shout out to the front desk for always being helpful, polite, and eager to answer your questions with a smile. Thank you Orange Theory for giving me something other than a big box gym!!!
4	I feel like I'm dead at the end of every work out.. It's great! I wish the location was a little closer to my house, but the drive is worth it and the hallway is a little cramped to walk through during high volume hours. Otherwise I'm definitely a fan.
5	Been doing OTF for 2 years now and I LOVE it! I have gone down  3 dress sizes!  Mike s THE BEST trainer ever.  He helps you with your diet and what to do on your days off too! Do this workout...it will change your life!
3	I came with a friend who had a free trial pass for me to use. I was interested in checking this place out and giving it a shot. But with any workout establishment, there were some pro's and con's here. Some positives were that it was quick and easy to sign the beginning paperwork, it is in a nice area of Scottsdale at the foot of Camelback mountain, and they have fun and unusual equipment, like Water Rowers. Also, I like the idea of putting your heartrate and calories on the big screen for everyone to see, it keeps you more accountable. The big red flag for me was that about 3/4 of the way into the workout I felt super dizzy and like I was going to throw up. I went to the restroom, but didn't end up barfing. (TMI,sorry) I got no acknowledgement from the instructor when I came back in. No workout should be so fast-paced or difficult that there's no time to stop and ask someone how they are doing. I get the whole concept, and in general I like it. I just think that I should have been warned to pace myself more in the beginning. The bonus is that I burned a ton of calories and ran 2 miles, plus lifted a lot of weights. I am proud of myself for that, but I don't think I'll come back.
5	Love this workout.  This location is clean, friendly, encouraging and convenient.  I wish there were a real shower area since there is only one, and seems like no one uses it and I'd feel awkward.  No real issues or concerns.   Tip is to book as early as you can as they do book up.
1	Watch out for hidden fees and horrible customer service.  At no point was it stated that I was purchasing a "monthly membership" during the purchasing process, nor was it stated that there was a $30 fee just to sign up!  The manager blamed his lack of returning phone calls on his staff....I tried contacting him directly 3 times! I would never recommend a facility that is this poorly run to anyone.
5	I tried OT as a way to keep my workouts interesting during the summer and have LOVED it. The workouts are intense but can be paced to each persons' ability, each day is different and every trainer brings their own style to the mix, the heart rate feedback is a fun way to check on your intensity and results. I never get bored of the workouts, I really enjoy the staff and the fitness results have been fantastic. I wouls recommend OT to anyone looking for a great, motivating workout routine.
5	Great workout. Hate going to class but man, do I feel great afterwards. This is the best and most efficient workout for 60 minutes.  They make sure you get at least 50-55 minutes of a QUALITY hard core regime but its cool that you can go to your own pace and not feel stupid. Half cardio and half strength training. Like the trainers and the front desk staff too.
5	I've been going to OTF for a few months now.  Love this workout!  You feel like you've accomplished a lot by the end of your hour.  And it's much more do-able than other workouts I've done, like Crossfit.  I'm kind of a cardio junkie, and this place is great for that.  Base. Push. All Out.  Repeat!
5	Orange Theory is a place that kicks your ass and you like it!The trainers here are knowledgeable and help you push yourself. The facility is clean and there is usually plenty of parking. It is a little pricier than your normal gym, but I guarantee you will push yourself harder and see results faster at this place.
4	I tried this gym for the first time and I loved it. They do totally push you until you want to barf but if you want a great workout I would definitely recommend this place. You wear a heart rate monitor and it tells you how you are doing by the second on a big screen. The amount of time you're supposed to be in each zone is a little confusing but the trainers are always willing to discuss your results at the end. Some trainers are better than others but I've only had two and I enjoyed class with both of them.
2	I've always had a good workout here and wanted to share this experience with my sister whose husband is a fighter pilot in the Air Force. Upon asking if they offer any discounts for military, I was quickly denied. It's a $25 drop in few for her, which is quite high for a family living on a military salary. I figured this was worth sharing as most businesses appreciate military families and the sacrifices they all make for us. Apparently that is not the case here and that is extremely disappointing. We weren't asking for a free workout, just the normal rate for members ($12 a class) and it would have been only 1 or 2 classes.
5	Devon pushed me to have almost 10 minutes in the orange zone. I think the zones are a bit higher than they need to be sometimes and it gets harder and harder to hit those zones the more fit you get/the more you go.Remember that the zones are based on an average person's heart and if you have a better or worse heart, your results will reflect that. The treadmill doesn't even get me to orange anymore and I feel like I'm not doing well but my fitness is improving each time.
4	They've added belly, this points accumulating key card that's free where you can get to do things and get free stuff when you get a certain amount of points. One of them was to choose the playlist/bring your own to the class and another was to make your instructor do 10 burpees. I thought if everyone won that and got the instructor to do 10 burpees in one class...but I'm a little evil sometimes. I really do want to win one of their cute tank tops though.They have also remodelled the bathrooms since my last review and they removed the box of emergency tampons from the women's bathroom which is unfortunate. It has become much busier since my first review so make sure you book online at least a few days in advance! Remember to ask for the family discount if anyone you are related to goes as well:)Keep fit and have fun!
4	They've added belly, this points accumulating key card that's free where you can get to do things and get free stuff when you get a certain amount of points. One of them was to choose the playlist/bring your own to the class and another was to make your instructor do 10 burpees. I thought if everyone won that and got the instructor to do 10 burpees in one class...but I'm a little evil sometimes. I really do want to win one of their cute tank tops though.They have also remodelled the bathrooms since my last review and they removed the box of emergency tampons from the women's bathroom which is unfortunate. It has become much busier since my first review so make sure you book online at least a few days in advance! Remember to ask for the family discount if anyone you are related to goes as well:)Keep fit and have fun!
5	Eric the owner is a great guy who does the right thing.  I have had to take some time off, but plan on coming back to the fabulous trainers & workout at the Arcadia location.  Hghly recommend.Thank you Eric.
5	Just had my first class with Marisa. She is also great. A very different style of teaching. She is all about the positive reinforcement. I loved it when she (tried to) say my name and tell me I was doing great for being in the orange zone so quickly. Ps everyone it's pronounced k-ear-sten not kursten...Bryan
4	I've taken two classes at Orangetheory and while I am a fan, I don't know that I'll be purchasing a membership anytime soon.The pros:*You're pretty much guaranteed a solid workout each visit*I love that you can see where your heartrate is at during the class and adjust your intensity level accordingly.*The instructors I had were motivational and the workouts were a good combo of cardio and strength training.*Great location!The cons:*Classes book up well in advance, so it's tough if you want to sign up for one a few hours or even days ahead of time.*The classes are back-to-back, which doesn't allow much time to get there early to warm-up or stay late to cool-down.*You go from a hard core all out push to literally sitting on the floor and stretching within a few minutes.  I find I need a bit more time to cool down.*The classes are packed, so you don't get much individual attention.*The front desk people were friendly the first visit, but not the second.*Classes are expensive, so I cannot justify purchasing a package in addition to my Village membership.All of that being said, if you are looking for a full body workout and to be in and out in an hour, this could be just the workout for you.  And one last tip: bring a towel... you'll likely break a great sweat.  Enjoy!
5	My husband and I come to our home in Phoenix only a couple times a year.  I wanted to continue with the tabata/HIIT type workouts I am currently doing and thought I would give OTF a try.  My first class was free and I purchased a 10-drop in class card immediately after.  I did a total of five classes this week and had Devon, Al and Jennifer as trainers.  All did an exceptional job keeping each group motivated and on task.  Although a slightly different format than what I'm used to, I still felt I had an equivalent workout to my regular ones.  I have always loved TRX and really appreciated how that was incorporated into each session. Since I'm going home next week, I'll be looking into the OTF franchise that opened in Calgary, AB.  I'll also be adding my HRM into my workout and trying to keep within the desired zones for my fitness goals.  While changing my shoes etc, I had the opportunity to listen/observe the front desk/sales area.  No overkill or pushy sales for memberships.  THAT was very refreshing!Bottom line - if you've been THINKING about trying out OTF, stop thinking and give it a try.  You won't be disappointed and you'll get a good old fashioned butt kicking too.
5	Thinking about Orangetheory Fitness? Brace yourself: this is NOT for the weak of heart, literally or metaphorically.I don't know if all the workouts are the same here. The one I did was an hour long and felt somewhere between the 4th and 6th level of hell. Probably the coolest feature of the class is the strap-on. Before you get too excited, this is a monitor band that you strap just beneath your chest that tracks heart-rate and calories burned, and is connected to software that spits out charts and graphs and percentages and stuff. For 30 minutes you do intervals on the treadmill, and for another 30 you'll be doing circuit training, which consists of calisthenics and some high-rep, low-weight lifts.This is group exercise. If you're lazy or lack the ability to push yourself, or if you find yourself saying things like "I really need personal attention to get a good workout," your workout here will probably be adequate but not extraordinary. If you are a run-of-the-mill jogger type, this is going to be a big step up in intensity. OTF caters more to sadomasochistic self-flagellating types, but with fitness instead of, you know, other stuff.Interval training, for those who have yet to experience the pain, is running with a focus on oxygen deprivation. Kind of like water-boarding, but with more cardio. You'll start at a baseline pace, then up it to a slightly faster pace, then take it to a "sprint." Rinse and repeat until one or both lungs collapse.The point is to push your heart past where it's comfortable. It also is probably the most effective way to burn fat, so that's nice.The circuit training is something that most people who have had a gym membership are probably going to be familiar with. It's basically Crossfit without the poor form and the high risk of injury. No super-heavy lifting, but lots of reps using body weight, which keeps your heart pumping and your calories burning while also tearing down some muscle.So, you're probably thinking, why on earth would I want to punish myself for an hour when I could feel just as good about myself by pumping iron, or for the lady-folk, doing some hot zumba or yoga meditation stuff or whatever you do?Here's why: in 1 hour, I burned 1035 calories. And considering that I spend a good 30-minutes with a heart-rate over 175 bpm, my metabolism will burn another 300 to 500 calories over the next day or so. Since my daily calorie intake is supposed to be 2500 or so, that means I burnt half my daily intake of calories. In an hour. This is probably the best workout I've had since high school cross country eight years ago. If your goal is to burn fat and to get into the best shape of your life, this is your gym.To put it another way, if I were going to be sent to prison, and if I only had a month or two to get into good enough shape to keep myself from getting non-consensual AIDS, this would be where I trained. Can there be a higher endorsement?Not great for: those prone to exercise induced vomitingGreat for: workout-junkies, the recently convicted, and the sadomasochistic
4	After already hiking just under 5 miles at Tom's Thumb Peak and enjoying a nice little brunch at Tryst Cafe at the break of dawn, I'll admit I was a tad bit lazy by the time 2pm rolled around. That was my assigned time, 2:15pm, and despite my brain saying "No more!" my body said, "Let's go!" and "Ta Da!" I found myself signing my "In case you die" waiver and answering a little survey about my health history and fitness level. I consider myself pretty fit always juggling between running, hiking, tennis, yoga, spin, and most recently, returning to my favorite hobby, rock climbing. I've also taken a few tabata classes at Mountainside Fitness and sampled some classes at Premier Fitness Systems, so in other words, I was no stranger to circuit training, but I've never had the chance to try OTF (Orange Theory Fitness). I was fitted with a Polar heart rate sensor, which sat snuggly under my sports bra. Being a minimalist, I did not like wearing the sensor, but after the workout started, I forgot it was even there. Well, except for the fact that the heart rate is displayed on LCD screens the minute you walk into the workout room. As one could imagine, if your heart rate was at rest, the color of your "block" on the LCD screen that had your assigned sensor with name displayed was between blue and green in color. Red was the opposite end of the spectrum, where your heart was working at max capacity. Ideally, our instructor Eric explained that you should not spend more than 5 minutes in the "red zone." He said that we need to be aware of how hard our hearts are working so we know how to condition properly. Our group was split into 2. Half of us found our way to the treadmills while the other half worked out on the floor and rowing machines doing different combinations of circuits. Then halfway through the hour, the 2 groups switched. Simple enough. Despite having a large group, Eric was able to bounce everywhere and make sure people were doing what they were supposed to be doing and made sure that exercises were done correctly. It didn't take me long to realize that my shortcoming was definitely the circuit part of the workout. I can spend endless hours doing intervals on the treadmill... well... with the exception of maxing out at a speed of 7.5 to 8 with a 5% incline. The only problem was that I gave "it" my all during the treadmill half of the workout that by the time I got to the circuit part, I had exhausted all my energy and was lazy. Lazy is equivalent to sloppy when trying to do exercise reps. Between doing push ups assisted by resistance bands and throwing a medicine ball around, I found myself just wanting to go back to cardio...go back to the rowing machine, or even back to treadmill. It's funny how the body searches for the "familiar," and it proves that circuit training can condition you as a whole. Cardio must be balanced with weights and resistance training. I feel like the trainers at OTF can help fitness beginners or veteran enthusiasts alike with finding the right balance. I'm very grateful that Yelp and OTF Arcadia finally gave me a chance to try their workout out. I'm seriously considering joining, but probably the location closer to me near Lake Pleasant.
4	Well, if you want a good workout, this is a good place for you. I like that you wear a device so you can see where your heart rate is while you are working out. I was unlucky, and my device battery kept timing out throughout my workout. It had to be replaced twice, and finally we gave up on it. Because of this, I sadly didn't get to see my post workout results like the rest of the group. If it had worked, this would have been a 5 star rating. To be honest, I think I was grateful for the couple breaks I was given to change it out because I was tiiiirrred. I felt really good after the workout, and I have to admit I was pushed harder than I would have pushed myself if I went to the gym by myself.
4	Probably the most intense workout I have ever had. The trainer kept everyone in check and was helpful to understand proper technique for all exercises. He was very motivating and kept the energy up. It was interesting to see a breakdown of all of the exercise statistics afterwards.
5	I love this place for a good workout. Devon is the best! Perfect combo of tough love. He gives you that motivation to keep going to achieve your goals even when you just start to think you might want to give up. He also reminds you when you are pushing too hard. Overall I love the workouts here!! I feel stronger and look stronger!
1	This place sucks. It's so expensive and the trainers are not motivating. They are drill sergeants that make you feel uncomfortable in your own skin unless you already have 8% body fat. Then they love you and want you to wear their stupid orange shirt.
