5	This is the sweetest little bead shop. They have thousands of beautiful bead strands to choose from but MY favorite is their HUGE seed bead inventory. It's the best.
5	On a String Bead Shop is not the largest bead shop in town, but Christine the young hip owner has a great selection of bead strands.  Everyone seems to find something that they love in this shop, and she and her helpers are always fantastic at suggesting stuff and helping prioritize when you start drooling.The shop is divided into 3 small rooms which helps make it feel quaint and manageable. If you are particularly "blingy" she definitely has crystals and that sort of thing but also antiquey beads and all different kinds of stones.  I am really into chain so I wish they had a bit more of it like Ornamentea in Raleigh, but otherwise she does a great job buying a fashionable selection.They even host birthday/bridal parties there during evenings and we went there for a friend's bday. Word of warning though - my only complaint is that there's a fee on top of your jewels, which I think is wrong. Everyone's going to buy something, so it's not like it's going to be a waste of time/money.  But that said, EVERYONE had a great time and found something they absolutely loved whether it's a simple pair of drop earrings to a bold statement necklace.One other note- said bday princess also got all of her bridesmaids necklaces there and had Christine design them and they were gorgeous, so if you lack vision/inventiveness you could always "commission" pieces.
5	I am in love with this place!! The girls that work there are aaamazing. So sweet and helpful.  I always spend too much money there! I wish prices were a little lower, but I just can't resist!
5	I visited this shop after being really disappointed in another shop close by. This place is great. A great selection of beads, lots of them are unique which I couldn't get enough of. The prices were reasonable and the staff was accommodating when I needed assistance. Will definitely be back.
4	My only complaint about this place is that they don't have much premade jewelry. I love their stuff, but am not creative and would really prefer to buy jewelry that someone else makes with their beads!
5	While exploring the Charlotte area for a Bead Store I came across Beads Inc.  I felt like I was walking into a Doll House.  The store and it's ambiance is soooooooo inspiring, elegant, inviting, organized and well stocked.   The aesthetic was unlike anything I had ever seen in a bead shop.  They have big wooden work tables and stools for doing projects and taking classes.  The have beads displayed in beautiful hollowed out picture frames hanging on the walls like works of art.  Each room is housed with an array of beautiful and unique beads by the strand that are of great quality and reasonably priced.  They even have a room full of unparalleled loose beads.  I felt like a kid in a toy store.  Not only can you go in to purchase beads and beading materials for your beading needs.  You can drop in at anytime for assistance with your project.  You can even shop and create in the same visit.  On my first visit to the shop last week I was greeted by all the staff and they were all eager to assist and accommodate my shopping needs.  I not only purchased beads, but one of the owners Anne made every effort to give me a tutorial on how to add a toggle closure to my bracelets.  I was so  impressed with their willingness to help and their stellar customer service that I returned a few days later to do more shopping and another project.  I wanted to make a necklace something I had never done before.  I had the vision I just didn't know how to put it together cohesively.   I showed and explained to the other store owner Christine what I wanted and she stood by my side from beginning to end helping me develop my piece.  If you are a creative jewelry maker like myself, a beginner or just love all things beads then Beads Inc. is the place for you.   You can follow them on "Instagram" at Beadinccharlotte and on "House Account".  So what are you waiting for...........rush on over to Beads Inc. Happy Beading!
