5	The best haircuts in town ! Great service. Barber its one of those things once you find a good you better stay loyal .
5	I walked in to Mr. NatesBarbershop and got a sickk cut! Great service and is very cautious with clients hairs. This is my new barber and I love it! I recommend this barber to anyone who is In need of a good haicut!!!
5	Mr. Nates Barber shop is the place for any desired haircut, From various trending hair styles to clean cut looks. Nate and his staff are very professional and courteous. Nate has a lot of years of experience in haircutting and is knowledgeable to recommend what hairstyle would fit you, if you're undecided... Either way you'll be well taken care of.Mr Nates is my barber shop of choice and I will most definitely be back.
5	Mr. Nate's barbershop is a great place to get your haircut.  Nate is great barber with attention to detail. His hours are among the best out there and welcomes you with a warm atmosphere. If you appreciate the traditional barber shop then go by Mr Nates and you wont be disappointed.
5	A couple weeks back I was in search of a new barber after going 6 weeks without a haircut.  I was tired of the inconsistencies of Sports Clips and their ever revolving door of personnel. (This is true of the majority of chain haircut joints.)I found Mr. Nate on Yelp (of course) and he was great!  We talked about Yelp and how good it worked for him in Scottdale.  He took over this location from a buddy about 5 months ago and completely re modeled it.It is very clean,  comfortable barber chairs and has a barber shop feel. He gave me an excellent cut, hot towel, hot shave with straight razor that left the back of my neck feeling ever so clean. He finished up with a massaging machine back rub. I look forward to going back in a couple weeks to feel revitalized. He also takes appointments and walk ins and is open 6 days a week.If you are even close or with a 7-8  mile range like I am,  I would highly recommend going to see Nate.
5	Went here after having my hair butchered by a barber down the street. Nate fixed it right up. Just moved to town from Cali, won't look anywhere else for a barber. This place is clean, and Nate is a grade A barber.
5	I had my haircut by the same person for a couple of years. I then came out from California and worried i wouldn't find a person as good or better. I tried a place near where I  live and they messed my hair up. I went in to Mr. Nates Barber Shop and had my haircut. Nate did  a great job and was impressed with his shop. It had the old school feel. Hot towel and straight razor. I found my new spot. I will not go anywhere else again.
4	This is the third time being here and I have to say I really like it. Armen is great! He does my son's hair and he always does a great job in asking my opinion on the hair since I'm very picky with the length. Today is the first time my husband did is his hair here with Nathan he was good too!! I really liked that they were open on thanksgiving day it saved me so they are very convenient I would highly recommend them! Ask for Armen and Nathan!!!
5	@Mr Nate's. You don't feel rushed, they take their time, and provide great cuts! Their are only a handful of barber shops in the valley that i would recommend and this is definitely one of them
5	I never write reviews but this place really treated me great and I'll be taking all my business there from now on! Highly recommend it.
