5	There are deals a-plenty at the Peter Piper Pizza during the lunch hour on weekdays at this location.  While traveling through the Grand Canyon State, and checking out the Ice Den, practice home of the Phoenix Coyotes (nee Winnipeg Jets), I stumbled upon this hidden gem in the desert.  This is well-kept and clean pizza place.  And the deal for all you can eat pizza, salad, and cinnamon twist, with drink cost less than $7.  There is a bar here, and had the Blue Moon on Tap.  Folks, for all of your nostalgic needs, there is PBR (Pabst Blue Ribbon) on tap, too.  Jarrod, the restaurant manager, served us promptly and efficiently.  The pizza was not bad, as it hit the spot after watching the Coyotes practice.  Beer is served cold, with an orange garnish, well-cut and placed on top of the foam of the beer.  That's cool if it is cut right.  Surprising, all of the games worked and was surprised that the selection of prizes were pretty good.  Lighting was sufficient and there are ample tables and booths available.  It was too cold to dine al fresco that day.  At this location, there was a steady stream for lunch as there are businesses close by the restaurant.  This is a place that is great for kids.  Even if I don't have any young tykes running around, this deal is hard to beat.  I shall return!
2	For what it is, it's fine.  It is birthday party hell all the time.  But I'm not a fan of kids parties and unsupervised children running my kid over.
3	Found this place searching for a light, pre-theatre dinner near the Arizona Broadway Theatre, and broke my rule of always checking Yelp! reviews first because we were in such a hurry.  Ordered The Works on ultra thin crust, and it came quickly and was tasty, and the medium was just enough for the two of us to share along with a small pitcher of Shock Top.  But it's a noisy place with games for the kiddies a la Chuck E. Cheese, Showbiz, etc., with a prize counter, and is really fun I'm sure for families with kids who want to drink beer while the kids are otherwise occupied.  Pizza was surprisingly good and met our needs for the moment.  Squeaky clean from restaurant to rest rooms.
