5	GUYS! IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR THE PERFECT CHEESE STEAK SANDWICH, THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO!This place uses fresh ingredients which makes all the difference in a good sandwich!An interesting thing that I came across at this restaurant, is that they offer you a "Malt Vinegar" as a condiment along with ketchup of course to put on your fries. I never tried this before, but YOU GOTTA TRY IT! you'd be surprised, how good that tastes! I didn't mix the ketchup with the vinegar I only used the vinegar on the fries. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU GIVE IT A SHOT, you won't use ketchup on you fries again!The next time I am hungry for a Cheese Steak sandwich, I know where to go!GOOD EATS EVERYONE!
2	The first time I went they messed up my order. I couldn't eat the sandwich because it had something I really don't care for on it (even though I explicitly asked for it NOT to include that item). I took it to go and it was late in the evening so I didn't go back. Mistakes happen, I get it. The fries were really good!The 2nd time I again took it to go. This time the sandwich was correct, but really not good. It was gristly. I took one bite and spit it out. I took another bite, same thing. YEACH. The bread was kinda tough. The fries were really good. Fries alone do not make a meal. They had 2 chances. No more. I do not recommend, unless you want really good french fries.
3	I purchased a groupon so I have been here twice. First off let me state I am from Philly so I know great cheesesteaks and some not so great ones.After two visits I will say it was inconsistent and I can't really determine why.The steak sandwich was good the first time, great the second time. While the fries were great the first time and uneven the second time. I don't know if it's because someone different was behind the grill each time.It's affordable and clean and since I haven't tried any other places that supposedly serve philly steaks I will say it's A-Ok.
5	Great food and portions for the price... I had the Philly cheesesteak and king fries. I've been to Philly and this is the next best thing for cheesesteaks in AZ.
5	My husband and I decided to try this place out for dinner. We were very impressed with the natural taste and the quality of the food. Most ingredients taste processed, but Joe's Philly Cheesesteak's ingredients were fresh! We will definitely be coming here again.
5	I don't know what the lady that left a bad review is smoking but this place is awesome! Nuff said!!! :0)From their gyros to their cheesesteaks, they will make it however you want it. Amazing! Great job guys!
5	5 stars every time!!! Joe's original (request it the way he likes it) nothing like it!!! They make food like the good old days, fresh.
5	Just eat at Joe's all fresh ingredients great food and he will make it any way you want it. He also has cheese wiz for your cheesesteak if that's what you want.
4	I don't eat beef very often so probably don't know what to expect like some of you.The owner there was very polite, brought my meal to me.  He also checked back with me.This is not a fancy place, It is basic and very clean.  If it wasn't,  I would have walked out.  Last two places I went that weren't I walked out with food poisoning over the years.  The True kitchen at the Billtmore being the exception...it was clean.Overall I liked it.  The meat was very fresh and not overly spiced. Plenty of it.  I enjoyed the fact it just had a nice flavor with no gristle.  I will go back and next time will have the gyros.  If they are as good, I will be happy!
5	I agree with R N, the lady must just had a bad day and probably took it out on the shop..but anyways this place has the best philly cheese steaks in az,i love philly cheese steaks and this is by far the best ones ive had..as for the owner,very great and funny guy..he kept coming back to our table asking if we needed anything and sat down to play with my son for a little bit until another customer came awesome employees and awesome food,ill be back for sure!
3	We were looking for a good Philly cheesesteak place. This place is good fresh ingredients in sandwhich. Fries are okay not the greatest.
3	If you want a genuine Philly Cheesesteak make sure you order it *without* mayo, lettuce, tomato.  The sandwich here is made with those items, which actually makes it NOT a Philly (Cheese)steak sandwich.  BUT, that said, the rolls are almost as good as the real deal - an Amaroso roll from Philadelphia.  And the meat on my sandwich was tender and tasty.  I got the Cheez Whiz (and not the provolone) and it was almost like being home again.  If I could just find someone to fix me a real hoagie I'd be in heaven!
1	I went here with the hopes that this was like another sandwich shop that my friend Omar more took me to, nooope! Matter fact he came by my house other day and asked me if I liked it. I said: Nooooo! This place has too much gristle on their steak, it's like chewing on the shoe!!Joe says everything is fresh, mm mm mm mm mmmm Although a lot of people complained about his attitude, I didn't have a problem with his attitude. I did like his fries.Something funny: I said I wanted whiz on my sandwich. He gave me that funny look like, no you don't! and then said it's processed. You should get the provolone. Helloooo, that's processed too!Listen if you want great cheesesteaks... you won't find it here!
4	Won a coupon from Valley Metro for shopping along the NWExtension.  Got a couple of sandwiches for 2 of us and they were so large that we probably could have done with splitting a sandwich!  Delicious tender beef with cheese on a soft steamed roll and topped with lettuce and tomatoes.  Delightful.  They are not the most ambient dine-in experience but for take out it is great.  Glad to have been given a reason to eat there.
