5	I have never been to a Panda Express and I can say that I am a HUGE fan!! It is so hard to find great oriental food that I actually like but this place has surpassed my expectations!! I especially love the shanghai meat and will be back for more soon.
5	This Panda Express is very nice. I got some fried rice and double orange chicken for my entrees. Super delish! I also tried the honey sesame chicken breast and OMG can't wait to have it the next time. I was craving orange chicken which is why I got that today lol. Staff is extremely friendly and welcoming, kitchen & dining is very clean. Love this place, my fav Panda Express!
4	Very good food fast even at lunchtime. Good selection of meats, veggies, egg told and wontons. Food  cooked fresh.  Healthy relatively. Ritter than a burger. Reasonably priced with tasty iced tea. A great lunch alternative to the usual fast good.
5	This is the BEST location by far. I will literally drive farther just to come to this one. They are so friendly and welcoming. Portions are generous. Food is how to expect. I mean, it doesn't compare to restaurant quality oriental food but it's good. Better than mcdonalds that's for sure. I really like it and will continue I come back. They are so nice her that I come almost 3 to 4 times a week!!
4	Redemption... This particular Panda Express in the Peoria AZ area is leaps and bounds above the location off of Thomas St. (also in Phoenix).  I got the noodles, with some basic staple menu items of orange chicken, shrimp and honey walnut, beef and broccoli.  Cup for water, though if I wanted a tea, this location has a nicely stocked and clean drink area.  This location actually has plates so I was able to eat like a restaurant goer, with a plate.  I was at another location and gave me my food in the to go bag like a hobo. It is a great time of year in Phoenix, so I opted to eat outside as the weather is phenomenal.  As I was eating I was able to get a first hand view of an Peoria PD sting, someone was arrested and taken away in the adjacent parking lot.  I must say that I was surprised as the area seems a bit up scale and clean.  I did a Panda Express off of Thomas St that was in the hood and that seemed like the prime location for the police sting.  In fact I checked the violent crime map on my android while I was waiting. You just never know.  I enjoyed tossing a couple of chow mien noodles to some scruffy desert birds and enjoyed my food.  Even without the police activity(not the norm I am sure) I give this location a very high endorsement.  Food was fresh, decor clean, and well kept.
4	I have stayed away from Panda for years, I remembered it being terrible.  The whole family had it catered for Mother's day because it is my Mom-in-law's fav, and I was REALLY impressed! Placing the order was easy, picking up it was on time, and the food was surprisingly really good! I am looking forward to coming back.
5	The food was average and the place is nicely decorated. Whoever reads these or manages the store needs to realize the asset they have in their employ Dominic. He greeted us, was courteous and even casually up sold us: "Would you guy like a side order for only a dollar more?" And "can I add a medium drink for a dollar more"After Dominic took our order he swept and cleaned the place. He needs to be recognized as an amazing employee.
5	The food has always been good and the service just keeps getting better.  They recently remodeled the building, so it's very modern/clean looking.  They always give you a heaping mound of each dish, so you never feel you're not getting your money's worth.  There's an extra $0.50 or $1.00 for some of the more premium items (shrimp, added bacon, etc) but it's always worth it.  I wouldn't want to eat there every day, but I'm always happy when I get the chance.
