5	Because of Cindy's review, I called Albert from Solid Green landscaping and asked for a quote.  I also received 3 other quotes from other companies and felt Solid Green was the most competitive, reasonable, and most sincere. After I accepted the bid with Albert, we set an appointment to meet at Star Nursery. We went around picking the plants I wanted to install and the decorative rocks. We all left about the same time and when I got home, the guys were already working - wow! Albert said they would be done by the end of the day and he wasn't kidding. When I came back around 330p, the whole yard was transformed. It was and still is beautiful. I couldn't help myself from staring at it from time to time for about a week. What it was: small dirt yard with a couple of plants, water system and lots of weeds growing. What I have now: still a small yard but with a fruit plant, floral plants, herb plants, stepping stones, weed barrier, extended water system, leveled and 1/2" rocks. Thanks Cindy!
5	The time finally came to landscape our backyard after 3 years of having a dirt lot. The kids really needed somewhere to play instead of asking us to go to the park every day. Albert was one of many calls to request estimates, but as soon as I got the estimate and layout drawing I decided to go with Solid Green Landscaping. The next day (Friday) he had two guys come out and extend our patio and build a walkway to our side gate with concrete. After letting it sit over the weekend Albert had 3 different guys come out first thing Monday morning leveling out my yard, installing the drip irrigation, retaining wall, area where the grass would go as well as planting all of the trees, plants and shrubs. The next morning (final day) they came out and laid out the crush granite, artificial grass. Installed an anti-siphon valve that needed replacing for our irrigation system. Set my water timer and showed me how to use it to make my own adjustments. Albert even fixed a leak on my front yard free of charge.During a final walkthru Albert noticed a chip in the cement edge and said he would send someone out to fix it. In the end I'm very satisfied with the work they did and will use them again the future as well recommend them to anyone who will listen.Warranty consisted of:90 days for plants and shrubs1 year for workmanship10 years on the artificial grassChoose Solid Green Landscaping and you won't be sorry, you'll be amazed at the great work they do.
1	I saw the stellar reviews and thought to myself wow can this get much better. Well Iguess I was wrong. I called on 2/18/2013 and scheduled an appointment for 2/19/2013 at 10:30. Standing by waiting today the time rolled by 10:30,10:45,10:55, and 11:00 so I figured I'd make a call and see what was up. I was surprised to be greeted by a voice mail considering this was a well review business. I left a message thinking he might have been busy and would call me back .I am sitting waiting for news of if he is even thinking about coming and giving me a quote.So in my brief encounter i would have to say no thanks to any further business. Oh well I guess there are other fish in the sea.
1	I was excited to get a quote for a large landscaping job.  I called Albert to set up a appt on a Wednesday between 1:30-2.  Around 2:15 on Wednesday I called to see where he was he said he couldn't show up because of an emergency and rescheduled the next day. Gave him a second shot and the next day he was a no show again. I called him and he gave me another excuse. I ended up not getting a quote because I need a company to show up and be on time.
5	I have seen others have had problems, but I have known and used Albert many times in the past. I get good service at good prices. I plan on using him in the future. 2 back yards installed and many front yard clean ups.
1	Don't call this landscaping company unless you want to waste your time.  Initially, the guy who answered the phone sounded friendly and I set a 10am appointment for them to come to my house to give me a quote. I called them at 10:10am because they had not arrived yet.  The same guy answered and said he thought it was for another day then said his crew may just be late. So I wait and wait and no call back!  I call them back once again and they forwarded my calls to voicemail.  What pisses me off is I took off from work for this appointment and they don't even have the decency to call me back.  THIS COMPANY WILL STAND YOU UP!!!!!
5	Albert was excellent and the backyard landscape job turned out great! He worked around our tight schedule and finished the job on time and on budget. We would use him again.
