4	Fellas-Looking for a $12 haircut that looks like you went to an exclusive South Park salon?  This is your place.  Venus 21 is tucked in an East Charlotte shopping center (Intersection of Village Lake Dr. and Indepedence Blvd.) where Lebo's and K & W is located.  They do women, men, and children.  And I believe they have tanning.I have not recieved a hair cut this precise ever; they use scissors and a razor to ensure that you don't have random hairs sticking out, shaving your neckline with a razor (the entire perimeter, not just the back) and spend way more time that Great Clips or even Sports Clips.  The only drawback is that most of the barbers speak Spanish.  The owner is a New York Dominican and if he doesn't cut your hair, he will make sure that the other barbers understand how you want it cut.  It is a veritable melting pot-Latins, African-Americans, and a few whites.  I've never waited more than 10 minutes to be served.  If you don't mind the banter in Spanish between the barbers, I promise you that will you get a good haircut.
4	Tired of the Sports Clips or other generic "barbershops?" Then you need to go here.  The barbers here know how to cut hair and keep the place fun and entertaining.  They know how to do shape-ups, fades, and tape-ups. So glad I found this place in Charlotte.
5	I usually only let 1 person cut my hair but since moving to the Queen City I can't be driving 2hrs to get a proper haircut.This place surpasses my usual stylist. The guys here really know how to cut modern and aggressive styles. They take their time cutting you even if there is a line of people waiting. They also make sure everything is perfect and fine tune the experience with the single blade razor to cut the most difficult places. This place is also great to get a proper styled facial shave. The prices are also decent. 20 bucks covers a haircut and shave. Awesome place.
1	I went yesterday to cut and color my hair. My hair is black and i wanted to color it red. I was there for almost 3 hours and just the root got red. The rest is still black. I told the lady three times that I couldn't see any color in the length and she told me that I could say it was a new style!! She didnt want to fix it!! And she charged me $90!! Just to color and cut!! In my country they dont let me get out of the saloon if i dont get my hair the way I want!! And I dont care to pay a lot if I get what I want.!!!Its customer satisfaction that counts!! She could have said sorry im busy cant fix it now but i will give u a discount. But no!! I will never go back to that place!!
