3	Welcome to Moe's!Since I moved from south Charlotte some years ago, my random Moe's cravings would only be satisfied while on one of my few and far between jaunts through Dilworth.  And even those were sometimes handicapped with the shootings that closed it from time to time.So when I saw last week that they were opening one at the Epicentre (GO SIT IN THE CORNER!), I knew I was going to venture over for lunchtime goodness.The place is still new and there was a line around almost the entire interior of the restaurant.  This lead to about a 15 minute wait for me to place my order for a Joey Bag of Donuts (I usually go with a Homewrecker).  I think my order was transformed to a Homewrecker since the only real difference is the cost of sour cream and guacamole.It was just as tasty as I remembered.  Fresh-ish ingredients, good amount of steak, slightest tinge of spice to their guac.It was a semi-register friendly meal, too.  With a side of queso and a drink only ran me a touch over eight pesos, making it one of my cheaper lunchtime, uptown meals. There IS a bottleneck after check out though.  This revolutionary soda machine is baffling to some.  Boasting 100 flavor combinations, its an all in one Coke machine.  With only one spout.  So if someone is perplexed by the five different flavored Coke combos, you can get a logjam, quick.  I went with a regular Coke, raspberry Coke, cherry Coke combo that wasn't too shabby, and the future diabetics of Charlotte would look back on such a drink fondly.Seating is an okay mix of two tops, four tops, booths and bar along the windows.  Once the excitement of being new wears off, this will be easier to deal with...
4	When I heard that Moe's had opened shop in the EpiCentre I had to give it a try.  I am a big fan of Moe's.  There are plenty of what I call the "Big Giant Burrito" places, but here is why I think Moe's stands out above those others.  They give you free chips and salsa with your BGB.  They have 5 kinds of salsa including a tasty tomatillo salsa which is my favorite.  Less than a week old this Moe's was running fairly smoothly.  The line for food was 3/4's of the way to the door, but it moved quickly.  The staff assembling the BGB's did a good job of moving the line along.  Here is the one bad thing about this location.  The cash registers, salsa bar, drink machine, lid & straw station, etc, were jammed into a corner that has a support column right in the middle of it.  The 100 flavor coke machine didn't seem to be holding things up too much, but salsa bar, lids & straw station did cause a bit of a traffic jam. I was able to get my food, drink, & salsa, find a seat, eat and get out in about 40 minutes.  So even though it was busy it wasn't too bad to get in, eat and get out.  Moe's is great and the layout works well except for the corner of delay.
5	I became hooked on Moe's while in college, then I moved to Charlotte and found myself Moe-less way too often.  I would bounce around the numerous burrito places always asking for cucumber and chipotle ranch to be added to my burrito, but always getting the same confused look, and then a awkward "we no have that mkay sir."  I was always forced to choke down a bland, sauceless, yet drippy burrito with only moderate satisfaction.Well, then came July 2011, and the opening of Moe's in the Epicentre.  (queue "Hallelujah!").  Needless to say, I was very excited, and I've been there 3 times since the opening, which is not nearly as often as I want.  However, as I've been distanced from Moe's over the past few years, I was not aware of their new approach to natural, organic ingredients.  This only solidifies my love for Moe's and creates even more distance between Moe's and everyone else.  This Moe's is excellent - fast service, friendly people, and a sweet friggin coke machine that mixes up all kinds of concoctions.  This is the best burrito in Charlotte.  Get whatever you want, and add chipotle ranch, that's all I'm saying.  I guess you could call it a redneck burrito.  We southerners like our ranch, but don't you worry about that.
3	I had never been to Moe's but had heard good things and am a fan of build your own type burrito joints so I ended up trying this place out one day when I was in the area and starving for some lunch.  I must say I was impressed.  Not only can you customize you order and watch it be constructed in front of you but they give you free tortilla chips and have a great salsa buffet to meet you fancy (so, of course I had to try all 5).  This is definitely my kind of place.
4	Moe's would get five stars, but they don't because I think we should be able to have queso body shots.  This is epicenter of course full of drunken adults and young adults so going in on a Friday or Saturday night is always entertaining.  Whats good is the staff knows everyone is tore up and they just ride with it.  They are always super talkative and it makes the time fly when you are waiting for that delicious queso. $7 dollars gets you out the door with a drink, chips + queso, and quesadilla.  You will the wake up in the morning and wonder why you feel like garbage, but it will all make sense when you find the Moe's receipt in your pocket.PSQueso
3	I am a fan of Moe's, and it is slowly replacing Libretto's as my after-work quick stop. However, I think this location is laid out awkwardly. It's long and skinny (heh) and if you come in the wrong door, you have a maze to get through to work your way around to the line entrance. I think switching the end of the line and the cash register would help a lot. I actually have never tried out the magical Coke machine because I have not heard good reviews of the concept- everyone keeps saying that no matter what flavors you pick, the flavors the person in front of you picked linger in the spout. Noms At Night Grade: B+. Open til 3 am on Friday and Saturday, but only 9:00 during the week. That balances out to acceptable nighttime hours, especially once you consider what they must go through during the post-club hours on the weekend. Poor things. It was quite entertaining to park myself by a window seat and watch the drunks during Mardi Gras though. I think I'm going to plan to do the same whenever the EpiCentre has another party.
5	I thought the food was excellent!  I wasn't really expecting much.  When I went in there I really was not in the mood for any special type of dish but when I bit into the Homewrecker Burrito I was pleasantly surprised.  I may go back there again today.
3	Perfectly ample and fine Moes located at the Epicentre area.  For those that know the chain, know that the food is sub par and nothing really to write home about so what makes the difference is the people behind the counter of course.This place has some friendly individuals working behind the counter the day I popped in but something a little unsettling was the lack of a manager I think.  I can tell it's a fun and lively workplace but there was a lot of horseplay going on in lieu of paying attention to me as the customer.  No biggie really, but for you that have ever walked into GameStop, it's that same feeling.  Like it's being run by 5, 17 year olds.  Hmmm....anyway, it's a good solid choice for food.  I particulary like the Joey Bag O Donuts.
4	Welcome to Moe's! This Moe's in the Epicenter. Same Moe's experience as others that I've been to with the ordering of your burrito or whatever, passing down the assembly line of adding starches, proteins and veggies to it. Once paid, there's the usual (excellent!) salsa bar of Moe's salsas.On the plus side, it was not especially busy when I popped in for a quesadilla to go.Moe's!
4	Oh my gosh, queso.............I could end my review there and that would be sufficient in my eyes!Anyways, came here today for a quick lunch (Joey Jr) and it was free queso day! The junior was delish as normal. Moes always seems to serve a consistent product and the free chips and salsa just add to its greatness!The only two comments I have about this particular Moes is:1. The bottleneck. Anyone that has been in here knows that the drink machine/salsa area is just an accident waiting to happen...2. I dont usually add a ton of things to my burrito (for example on this particular occasion it was rice, black beans, chicken, corn, and lettuce). The guy ripped the shell....no biggie at all. However, instead of replacing the tortilla, he just re-wrapped it with a new one (aka now I had two tortilla shells instead of one). Since I was about to eat my body weight in chips and queso, I really only needed one tortilla. Thus, I made a huge mess at my desk trying to unwrap one and eat the burrito that had the ripped shell. Eventually, I just dumped it in a bowl and gave up. Not really a deal breaker but, since it was fairly slow when I went in, he definitely just could have just removed the ripped tortilla!
4	Love Moe's, and this one is in a great location. Nothing beats the Moe Monday special with a side of queso. My only complaint is that the soda fountains aren't maintained well at all. They have two of the Freestyle Coke machines (the type with 3849384 drink combinations) but they're always out of half of their soda types and flavor syrups. Frustrating when I'm craving a Diet cherry vanilla Coke and the machine is out of one or all of the things that make that combination. Not to mention it makes the line even longer to get a drink, because people are slow enough as it is to decide what they want! Also, one time I submitted a customer service complaint because the woman at the cash register was very rude and wouldn't accept my Foursquare check-in coupon (she no longer works there, the girl who is always at the register now is super nice) and a manager called and was very apologetic and offered to mail me some Moe Bucks. It was a nice gesture in theory, but then the Moe Bucks never came. Lame. I love Moe's to much too stop going there, though, and this location is so convenient to my office!
