4	Clean and well maintained.Friendly staff.I got eyebrow wax (very quick and painless)upper lip waxI got my first ever mani/pedi with custom natural nail design.(Bunnies + blingy flowers) 33+ 35 bucksI was scared but the ladies made me feel comfy.They did a great job and put detail and effort into their works of art.Would recommend to a friend.
5	Been going to this salon since it first opened. Prices are good, if you pay cash you get 10% off! All the women there are awesome and very sweet. They have the best chairs for pedis and they do the cutest designs fo toes :)
2	It's hit or miss here at Ocean Luxury. Sometimes it's amazing and sometimes it isn't.  I think it really depends on who you get.  They have a nice selection of polish.  The place is clean and comfortable.  They tend to run on the late side, even for appointments.
1	BOO! I get it- it's Saturday and you're busy. But I called and you told me 10 minutes so you take my name and I rush over. I get there in 4 minutes. I proceed to sit for 15. Then you put me in a chair where I wait for another 15 minutes. I had to leave. I was squeezing in a manicure as it was. I get that you're busy but don't tell customers 10 minutes when the reality is 40+. Now I've wasted 40 minutes, still have no manicure and I'm grumpy.
5	Quick and pretty!! Mani for me, pedi for the BF. Both of us left happy!!
5	I've been coming to Ocean's with my husband for 7yrs.  The staff is great and they do awesome mani/pedis!
5	They take such good care of their customers. Very friendly. Won't go anywhere else. Very highly recommended. If you pay with cash,  you get 10% off also.
4	The girls here are very nice and hospitable. Their work is excellent and I leave feeling pampered. I opt to call and make an appointment early on Sunday. They are in high demand on the weekend!
5	Hannah is amazing!  I went in requesting stiletto nails, and they came out perfectly.  SO happy to find a really good nail technician!
2	This place is mediocre, it's the typical salon that's found every half block. When they say the wait is 5 min, they mean at least 30. Most of the time I'm satisfied with the end result. One time I showed up a few minutes before they opened, as do some of the other customers, and when I asked for a fill,  they put my name on the list, told me that they had another person on the way in, and then a couple minutes later they told me that they weren't open yet however there were already people getting pedicures and manicures.  Cash is a little less expensive. I keep going here because I haven't found a better place.
5	I love this place! If you are going to get a full set, make sure you call ahead and make an appointment with Heather.  She does an amazing job and they seem to stay on longer than anyone I've ever gone to see. EVERYONE here is so nice though!
5	I come here over and over for my pedicures.  They have a ton of colors to choose from, very clean, and they do a nice job.  The tech I stick with most often is Tuey.  Also, if you pay in cash you get a discount.
5	I have been coming to this salon since it opened and I received a coupon in the mail. As I have moved throughout the area, I always come back. I have tried other salons near where I'm living and they are never as good as this. You don't leave without perfection on your nails. They are very nice and remember you from visit to visit. Even if I don't come for a few months, they remember me! Sometimes they get busy and I really don't think it matters if you have an appointment or not for just a mani or pedi. They take people as they come, but that works for me because I don't do well with schedules as mine is always crazy. I will bring any friends or out of town visitors only to this salon because I know they will be treated well and have great nails. They give a great discount for cash, which is awesome. I have never had a salon do that before and it's almost enough to cover the tip. I always tip more though because these ladies are the best! The atmosphere has changed a little since the men have started working there, but it will take time to get used to men LOLThey are very clean and I've never had a problem. Very reasonably priced. Designs are extra, but worth it. They do an amazing job and do any design you want.
4	Friendly and great cost, busy on Saturdays!
5	Went in on a busy Saturday around noon. Phi did my gel mani and pedi and I have never been more happy with the service I received! I showed her pictures of what I wanted and gave me everything I asked for and more. She took her time and did an amazing job! Only downside was that I was not able to top on debit or credit so had to get cash and bring it back. I would definitely recommend paying cash and making an appointment ahead of time. Thanks Phi!
5	I've been looking for a nail salon and I tried this place out since it had good reviews and I was impressed. The ladies there are so sweet and they do a great job! I love my nails really short and most places wont go as short as I like them. Here they didn't hesitate to go as short as possible! I got the basic pedicure and I still got a bunch of stuff done to my feet! Which included all the basics as well as a massage, hot rocks, and a hot towel. I will definitely be coming back! :)
