3	One of the bigger and better Chinese feed troughs in the area.  Like so many others, it's just a massive amount of average tastes.  The one thing you cannot question is the value proposition.  Go have lunch, and waddle back to the car.
2	Blech.  I think I must have been at a different buffet than these other reviewers, because this was horrible.  When we walked in, it was like we were in the South Pacific.  Seriously.  The thermostat must have been set at 90.  A nice change from the 40 degree weather outside, but after about three minutes, it was the worst.  Maybe that's for atmosphere, but it was not enjoyable.To make the experience even less appetizing, the place is cramped and the staff does not help at all in this regard - they are constantly in the middle of the aisles, writing tickets and getting drinks in the middle of the walking areas and the like.  Again, they could be going for atmosphere, and having the staff constantly around is nice, but with overbearing heat and little room to move it's not good.  It's bad.  Really bad.  If you don't like personal space, you're good.  Really good even.  Otherwise, it stinks.  Literally.  I've been to restaurants in big cities, where rent is outrageous, that have more room to move than this.  In Pineville, there ought to be all sorts of elbow room (Schoolhouse Rock anyone?).Yes, there is a sushi bar where a guy makes it in front of you.  Let me first tell you that I'm not really a sushi guy.  I like California rolls and those little rice cakes with shrimp on them, and a few other things, but none of the more exotic stuff.  But this was nasty.  He would take a big fried thing and plop it down on a plate and squirt some heavy mayo-like sauce all over it.That's not too bad, right?  Well, once the rolls were gone, he'd do it again - without cleaning the plate.  That's right, there was a buildup of this mayo on the platter.  Several varieties, all right there under the lights.  It was pretty sickening.  Like a sushi hog pond.On the regular buffet, it wasn't too bad, but it wasn't that good either.  If you want a Southern food buffet (meat, rolls, corn), it's okay.  But the Chinese food was just average.  Add that to the place, the staff, the price - go elsewhere.  China King and Dragon House aren't far away, and Tin Tin is just up the street (though I'm not a huge fan of Tin Tin either).  You'll have a much nicer experience.
4	Reasonable pricing for all you can eat. Delicious Chinese food. The sushi is Great! Tony is a real friendly guy. He'd make exactly what you ask for and pretty quick too. He even remembered my sister who haven't been here in over two months.
4	Definately will pick this buffet place over Tin Tin for these reasons:-price is worth what you pay for and will cost less then Tin Tin-less variety, more quality food-great sushi selection, you will find sushi rolls at this place that you will not find at other chinese buffets and you won't be disappointed! The sushi here are way more quality then other places. -I love their seafood stir fry dish with the shrimp and crab meat. -love their jello! -great service, they are always refilling your drink (sometime way sooner then you want them to)
1	Ugh...don't waste your time or your money!  I would have given it zero stars but the Mei Fun and the Pepsi were actually decent.  The buffet has the typical Chinese fair but the only thing I could come close to suggesting would be the fried shrimp, Mei Fun, and maybe the sweet and sour chicken.  Skip everything else!!!!Don't even think about eating the sushi.  I was feeling adventurous so I grabbed a few of the sushi rolls that I easily recognized (california, cucumber).  One of them tried to crawl off the plate before I got back to my seat!  The rolls were chewy and just plain gross, makes my stomach turn to think about it.Service was polite and good on the refills.Enter at your own risk!
3	A pretty standard Chinese buffet.  The have a nice seafood selection, mussels, fish, shrimp, crab, etc.  I wasn't adventurous to try it but they had octopus.  They also had sushi, but I'm not a sushi fan so I didn't try it so I can't say much about it.  They also had the standard Americanized dishes too.  They did a good job of bringing out fresh food.  Like any buffet the quality is going to suffer over a sit down place, but I like the variety.  Not the greatest Chinese buffet I've ever eaten at, but China Buffet is pretty decent.
5	Absolute best price for quality sushi, and well worth the quick drive from Rock Hill. Tony is a fantastic sushi chef, and an extremely nice guy, to boot. He is definitely the reason my wife and I come back so often, but the variety and quality of the buffet is great, too.
3	I've been coming to China Buffet for approximately 10 years now. When I first moved to Pineville in 2001 this was just somewhere close to eat cheaply. At that time they did not have the sushi chef.The Chinese Buffet:Nothing to write home about. Nothing here is truly worth mentioning. Just your standard Chinese buffet fare mostly covered i thick, syroupy sauces and probably very unhealthy. Nothing is particularly good but nothing is particularly bad either.The Sushi Buffet:This is why you want to come here (unless you're a sushi snob because no matter what you''re just not gonna be happy)! All you can eat sushi for around $10 (which also includes the Chinese buffet portion but let's pretend it doesn't for the heck of it). This is pretty unbeatable given that the sushi is freshly made throughout the day. Yes, I do agree that the presentation plates could be wiped off between servings on the fried pieces with heavy sauces but not all their offering has tick coatings of sauces. So, in my case, I don't eat those. I like them... but I chose to eat the ones that are not covered in thick sauces and look more presentable.Tony, the sushi chef (I don't know the other guys'  name but thank god he's rarely if ever there) is really cool. He's very engaging with his customers, he remembers your name and your family. He greets you openly and warmly and is always ready to offer suggestions on new things to try. Remember to tip him well even if you don't touch the Chinese food (I usually don't, except for the egg drop soup)The staff is very serviceable and are constantly refilling your glass and cleaning your table. They speak very little English but enough to understand what you want should you be the pesky customer who needs everything customized in a buffet style restaurant. Unfortunately, as someone else say, they do have the very rude tendency of always getting in the way and NEVER giving the customer the right of way. They cut in front of you and make you stop or go around them instead of them doing so for the customer. This is what knocked one star.Obviously the staff has changed through the years. I remember a couple of waitresses throughout the years that were really nice and helpful. They got to know my little girls and tried teaching them how to eat with chop sticks. So, my, and Becky's, kids all love it here. This is definitely a good place to take children since they can pretty much try a bunch of things without worrying about not liking it (This is, after all, where my, at the time, 5 year old fell in love with Ikura). The owner, although in all the time I've been going has never once acknowledged that I am a regular (sometimes twice to three times a month) regular, seems rather unfriendly and, actually, kinda sour. I don't know if he is or not... but he doesn't seem very welcoming, warm or friendly. Not that it bothers me, I don't care, I'm there to eat... but I noticed it.The decor is a mix of traditional chinese with some modern lighting and tacky foreign cluelessness (yes, I just made all that up but when you see it it'll make sense). And the place is very clean except for the ice cream machine which doesn't get enough TLC from the staff.This is a great place to come and have lunch once in a while if you work in the area or have kids who want to try Chinese or have sushi lovers (not snobs) who want good sushi for free. But this is not the type of place that you will be making special trips to visit. Try to avoid dinner as it gets rather expensive without any appreciable additions to the buffet.
4	Very large buffet. They have sushi, too, I even ate a whole squid thingy. Not bad. You can definitely find SOMETHING you like there. And a plus, they have mee fun, which I find very rarely at a Chinese place. Mostly they have lo mein or something.
1	Not very good. Dried out food. Some things cold, when they should be hot. Disappoined overall. Not clean, either. 11.99 per person not worth it.
3	We have always left most Chinese buffets feeling all bloated with all the sodium but we did not have that problem here. Other than that it is your typical Chinese buffet. Good flavor with plenty to select from. Could have been a little cleaner but I see with the amount of people there that it would be hard to keep up with especially with all the kids. All in all it was good and we would go back.
4	No complaints. While the Chinese food options were the usual chicken in sauce or fried bits of meat in batter, the sushi table was clean and fresh with a reasonable selection. Better than most others in the Charlotte area.
5	the price is great for the variety of food.... Love the sushi bar in the back....
3	As I am not a sushi fan, I cannot attest to who is a good or bad employee when it comes to preparation.  My Dad dabbles a bit, and on one visit as he was at the sushi bar, he offered a tip to the preparer who then quickly pointed to which sushi he should get because it was "the freshest."  Hmm...I had lunch today because I had a coupon.  I always try never to be seated in the booths to the left of the buffet as you walk in as there is just too much employee foot traffic to negotiate.  Don't get me wrong, I like attentive service, but it was frustrating trying to get out of the booths and to the bar having to dodge the roving waitresses constantly up and down the aisle and, if not moving, firmly planting themselves in the aisle right where access from the buffet and booths are.  There was also little effort to move so customers could freely move about.As far as the food, nothing exceptional stood out to me.  The "house special" chicken was alright once removing the skin which had a rubbery consistency.  The grilled shrimp were flavorless with no seasoning or grilled flavor making hot sauce or salt a necessity.Other dishes were as expected with temperature being reasonable for a buffet.  What brings me back are their BBQ chicken wings which really should be labeled as hot wings for those not knowing they have some kick.  Not like wings you'd find at wing restaurants like BWW and a little small, but, hey, you can get as many as you want!I ended my meal with some soft serve ice cream.  After circling the buffet a few times, I found my only options were to use a soup cup or have a cone as they had no dessert dishes.  Either they don't offer them or all were being washed.The machine dispensed really fast, and all the cups were freshly washed (read this as still hot) so I luckily found a coffee saucer to put my cup under so I didn't drip all the way back to my seat.  Again, after nearly crawling over employees set up almost as obstacles to the customer, I had a few spoons of my now almost entirely melted serving in which I had little interest in trying to get another serving.China Buffet is a little expensive for lunch even with a coupon.  I guess if I loved sushi this would be a great value.  I definitely will go again when I have a coupon but be firm in where I wish to be seated as the booths are just too big of a hassle when trying to get to the buffet and around the army of employees.
1	This place is absolutely filthy. We were here last year and we decided never to go back but we thought we'd give it another try. Went for dinner tonight and was disgusted. There was old dried up rice under the tables against the wall just piled up. Wet napkins were wedged under our booth seats. Under the buffet lights, you can see splatter of food from the last decade. While I was eating, a waitress emptied plates into some bus boy buckets and some fell on the floor and she kicked it under the cart! Tons of garbage and food under these carts. Blech!! Then all the food was cold and hard. Bathroom was a hellhole. No idea why a restaurant owner would keep their place in this way.
2	Avoid this place.  Food was decent, but a lot of it was cold and did not taste fresh.  I tried the crab legs on the buffet, and as soon as I cracked them an ammonia smell was present.  They had a lot of American dishes on the buffet as well, over salted and overall not that good.  The other food was decent, but as I said before was cold.  However, the sushi was decent, not the quality you expect at an actual sushi restaurant.  But the guy making made me a custom roll and was very nice about it.  However, if you do come, just get the sushi, it's worth the price and just avoid the buffet.
3	Great sushi ! Not so great waitress staff . Mostly cold expressions and unfriendly  attitudes . The sushi chefs are great ! Very friendly and always accommodating.  This is a great place to eat if you know how to pick and choose food - otherwise you may be very disappointed - soup is good - fruit is good and all you can eat sushi for 10.00 is definitely worth it - don't count on waitress to factor into the experience...You'll do fine . They will stand in your way- step out in front of you - and overall just stare like you are their enemy until time for the check, at which time they will quickly find time to get to you.  Two thumbs up on sushi and sushi chef  but two thumbs down on waitstaff
3	The sushi is great but the food on the bar is very average to below in my opinion. We very rarely come but sometimes brave the little food choice for some sushi. Tips:ask Tony at the sushi bar for a crazy roll! If you like egg drop soup you will want to skip it here, it's bland.
4	I didn't find the Chinese buffet all that, but the sushi is the best around. For the buffet price you get a WIDE variance of fresh made sushi. No committment to anything. Just as much as your tummy holds. I was skeptical at first but I go there often now. I went to sushi 101 tonite n was missing the buffet  And the ice cream at the end.
2	Did not like it. Luke warm food that was not appetizing or tasteful. Not the cleanest establishment.
