4	I can't draw, paint, sculpt or sketch to save myself, but for those who can Just Art on Morningside Road seems like a pretty good place to pick up art supplies.  It sells the usual brushes, pencils (way fancier than would ever find in WHS), paper and even high quality charcoal.They pride themselves in selling the latest high quality canvases for painters and (apparantly) interior designers.  They had lots of deals on for acrylic paints and high quality paper as well as plenty of artwrok to admire throughout the shop.  The owner is friendly and just lets you look around without asking if you require assistance every five seconds as some small business owners can have a tendency of doing.  If you're an art enthusiast, or just want a look around at some artwork, Just Art is a good place to look.
4	Just Art is part two of my Morningside window shopping tour (part one is next door - Context Interiors).  Once again this is a shop that offers goods beyond my means, but if I could afford them I would be doing more than window shopping here.  I have on occasion been in here to see all the art and its staff didn't seem to mind me passing an appreciative gaze over these artworks despite the fact that it appeared fairly clear that I was never going to buy any of them.Each of the better works of art from here will set you back a sum in the hundreds, but you are getting something unique - this isn't some cheap printed copy of a work of art everyone has seem - this is the real McCoy - the original.  For many the price will be stumbling block and for those able to afford these works for arts I remain envious.
3	I don't know who was more flaky, me or the lady serving me. But she's the artist, so I'll say it was her...I went in to buy oil paints for my Mum. I don't know much about paint, so I had to get my phone out to check exactly what I wanted, and I got a distinct 'we've got a right know-nothing, here' vibe from the artist-lady. Who then was very vague about the price, and disgruntled when I decided I could only afford one tube -- she had rung it up on the till and it was more than she had told me initially.Oh boy. It's a lovely wee shop and seemed to sell lots of stuff, and I'm sure if you know what you're looking for then it's great. But I might order from amazon next time to avoid the stress!
