3	This is another restaurant I tend to eat at solely with my parents.  That's not really a bad thing; it's just not typically a place I would seek out on my own.Trio certainly has a few things going for it.  First, it's fairly large, and even with groups of five or six, I've never had to wait for a table.  Second, even though the decor is decidedly dated, I kind of love it... the interior is decorated primarily in teal, which is great, and the whole dining room has a light, airy feeling about it.As for the food, I've had their pizzas and pastas and maybe a salad or two, and I've never had a bad meal.  Granted, my mind has never been blown either, but I can at least appreciate a place that has more than one or two options that aren't loaded up with beef.Let's put it this way: I don't know that I would pay for this food myself, but it's a perfectly adequate place to be taken out to dinner.
5	When we go out to eat, it's not usually to find a new restaurant. We want a place that tried and true, where our butts fit comfortably in the booth, and the food rests comfortably on our stomachs.Trio is where we go on those occasions. The cooking is superb, the staff are friendly and helpful. Whether I order a drink and read a book for an hour, or come with friends and dine sumptuously, I know I'll never feel rushed and will enjoy my visit. Try the wood-fired pizza! Dee-lish!
3	A high three stars for Trio.  Nice bar, large dining areas and great menu with lots of choices and the entres are artfully done.Service was excellent and children are catered to nicely.   Plenty of room for wheelchairs. Standard meals which one would expect in local restaurants, but a few different items that were quite good.  The meatloaf was excellent, esp as the mashed potatos were real, not dehydrated or from a box.If you had a birthday to celebrate, a large family occasion or wanted a quiet, yet well-lighted place to talk, Trio would easily and comfortably accommodate you.
5	We've been going to Trio since it opened.  Eating there,especially on New Year's Eve, has become a family tradition.  Special thanks to Greg who always treats us and our guests with extra care and attention. The food and the staff have always been the highest quality and professional. We expect to celebrate many more special occasions at Trio.
4	Really enjoy sunday brunch.  had lobster here on my birthday once too and it was good
2	The first time I ate here I loved it.  The second time I went, we order 1/2 sandwich and soup.  We received a full sandwich and the soup was ice cold.  We were also charged for the regular sandwich and soup.   I've also tried take out with them and just wasn't happy with the tastes, so think I've given this place enough shots.
4	this place is solid,  you will never feel ripped off, ever.
1	We went here for Restaurant Week and it was yuck, just yuck. The salads were good, but the decor and the entrees are straight out of the 80's and everything was either overcooked or oversalted. Gordon Ramsay needs to come yank this place out of "Kitchen Nightmare" status.
3	I go their often because they tend to leave me alone when I'm reading.  The staff is friendly.  However the food is a bit overpriced for what you are getting.  The brick fired pizza is pretty good.
4	I prefer this place for breakfast / brunch. The food is very "fatty" which is not my preference on a typical day. However on a sunday morning its divine.  Very large restaurant so plenty of seating.
1	I don't know why I keep going back to this place.  While talking to my wife about trying to find a home for a pit bull puppy, the manager told her to just have it put to sleep.  Nice customer service.  What a jerk.
5	Trio catering is the best!Let me say if you have not tried their catering, you are missing out! Rarely do I do restaurant reviews, but this is a must.  I recently hosted a holiday brunch and took a chance with Trio catering as I had never been to the restaurant.  I ordered the breakfast options catering package and I have to say it was AMAZING!!  First, the process in working with the catering manager, Dave Robinson was very smooth!  He was very helpful in answering all of my questions in regards to the catering process at Trio and what I could expect; trust me, I had a lot of questions!   On the day of setup (which was a Sunday) he was very organized, brought all of the materials and showed up right on time!  In working with other caterers, I am not always so lucky, but this was great. Everything was amazing, but the quiche, French toast and potatoes were great!  The Trio catering packages is very reasonable price-wise and the food is so delicious!  I have to say I gave many referrals at the event and hope to make this an annual brunch event thanks to Trio and the delicious food and service!
2	When we first got in, there was nobody at the hostess station. Once we were sat down, our waiter stopped at another table and the gentleman complained about how fishy his dish was and he didn't want it. I ordered the lasagna and my wife had the filet mignon. My lasagna tasted OK but the whole thing was crispy on the outside like it had been made earlier and once ordered, was put under a broiler. My wife's steak was very bland, tender, but not flavorful at all. The waiter asked how her steak was and she replied, "it's OK." He said, "OK? Just OK?" Trying to drag it out of her, so she told him that it was bland. He apologized and asked if she wanted him to take it back. She said no, we got our check, and left. My lasagna was a $7 meal at best. My wife said her's was priced decently but had no flavor.
4	Great restaurant!  Food was great, our waitress was very helpful and nice.  Would recommend the wood fired penne pasta and the lobster ravioli.
3	This is a bit of an odd one because the ambiance and decor don't match the food that we had.  We went for Restaurant Week and the $30 prix fixe for 2 ended up at $95 with the addition of 2 beers and a glass of wine, plus tip.  The food was actually very good and the presentation was very good, too.  My steak wasn't high-end steakhouse caliber, yet it was a good piece of meat.  Portions were somewhat modest, but reasonable for a classy meal.  Now for the rest...  The main area, where we sat, has a very high (2-story) ceiling, with plenty of light.  Great, so far.  There is another eating area and a bar that have standard ceiling height.  There are two types of seating.  One is square tables, with white table clothes, and the other is padded benches with outdated mauve tables.  Very Denny-ish or like a local diner.  They benches were in great shape, but the tables were a little worn around the edges.  The table was stocked with a plain salt-and-pepper set and a plain sugar holder.  The floor was carpeted, which I only mention because, unless carpeting looks very clean, I view it as a breeding ground for bacteria.  Not that it was, just worries me.Our main waiter was very good.  Professional and efficient.  The drink waitress seemed more appropriate for a country diner in appearance, demeanor, and dress.  The crowd was on the older side (not that there's anything wrong with that, plus I ain't a youngster), which may have been because of the early time we went.That's about it.  If the seating area got a makeover, I'd say this place could be called a moderately high-end restaurant.  Then again, if I'd eaten one of the more down home choices, and/or paid just a bit less, it probably would have all come together for me.  I'd go back for a $30-40 meal, but if I'm paying $100, I'll be going elsewhere.
3	This is one of my grandmother's go-to lunch restaurants, and I can see why.  The service here was great, and the waitress and manager came over to meet us since they know my grandmother so well.  They have a lot of specials and I got the roast beef sliders.  These were good although I saw their pizza on the way out and got food envy.  Definitely want to try that next time!  The menu is huge with lots to choose from.  The ice cream in the almond bowl was difficult to eat, but the perfect way to end the meal.  We'll be back next time we visit Charlotte!
5	Trios is always our go to place when we want a good meal, and a good ambience. First off all of the servers are extremely pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu. The manager usually stops by every table to make sure the experience was great. If you get a salad try their killer dressing. As an entree my absolute favorite is the sea bass at around $16 it is a great value and is an amazing meal! I really have never had a bad meal at trios but believe me if something is not up to your standards and you let the server know they will go above and beyond to make you happy.Give it a try.
3	Not a bad place to get lunch... Food was good, had the Great Chicken. The dipping sauce that came with it was very tasteful as well. The only thing that bothered me was the waitress, I am not easy to displeased BUT when you decide to chat with friends for more than a "usual catch up" that is just WRONG!I came in to this establishment ready to eat and was displeased with having to wait. Even though my food was good the service knocked it down a star...Proceed with caution... Wish I caught a name.
2	I think I have woosah'ed enough over the past few days that I can write a relatively (that's subjective) coherent review of this place.I don't think I have been to Trio since it first opened many years ago (mid 90's?).  From my memory, it is still decorated pretty much the same based on the low benches at the pizza bar that are teal.  But that's fine - as long as the seats are comfy, I don't care what color they are.  I was greeted by a friendly hostess and seated at a comfy booth. Most of the other diners were 50+, again, nothing wrong with that, but on a Monday evening, it was an older crowd.  My waitress was friendly enough but I was waiting on her quite a bit.  I was afraid to drink all of my water, as I didn't think I would be getting a refill.  I was not a fan of the service, I was in there for over an hour and all I ordered was a sandwich and a piece of pie.  But slowness isn't the worst of the waitress traits (I will get to that...)The food:Roasted Beef Tenderloin sandwich with fries ($10) - (pictured) The first bite was delicious with a bite of soft bread, grilled onions, crispy onions, pepper jack cheese, herbed mayo and tender, well-flavored beef.  The second bite was stringy steak.  The third bite the meat was a little tougher.  Overall it wasn't a bad sandwich at all.  Pretty well balanced, although maybe a little spicier than I would have liked for a tenderloin sandwich.  The fries were fine, standard fries, nothing special, and served with a tiny cup of ketchup that was enough for exactly half of the fries.  Had I seen my waitress before I was almost done eating, I would have asked for more.  3/5Chocolate Silk Pie ($4) - The description said it was a creamy white and dark chocolate mousse on Oreo cookie crust.  Drizzled with chocolate and I think raspberry sauce, along with some fresh strawberry slices scattered about, it was mostly frozen.  It reminded me of a Carvel ice cream cake.  It wasn't bad, well-presented, but wasn't what I was expecting. 2.5/5Nothing was bad, but nothing was spectacular, however everything seemed to be reasonably priced and included crab cakes and scallops, which my mother loves, so I would have made a return trip toting her along.  Until...I was seated just on the other side of the pizza bar and heard a waitress tell an offensive joke to the pizza chef.  I have a mouth like a sailor, and I am pretty hard to offend, but her "joke" turned my stomach.  And this was not a teenager, this was a girl who was easily in her mid to late 20's and should have more class and better home training than to repeat something so tasteless - it wasn't funny, it was ignorant, but when you are on company time it is a negative reflection of not only you, but your employer.  If you are going to act like trash, at least lower your voice or do it off of the floor.  I asked to speak to the manager, who did apologize and acted as if she would at least speak to the woman.  I was disgusted.  Never again.
4	I don't understand the average of only 3 stars for Trio. We've eaten there perhaps 25 times, at least, and have never gotten a bad meal. The interior is nicely done, sitting outside has nice privacy in spite of its close proximity to 51. They have several unique standards we really enjoy, plus monthly specials. The pizza is very good (not NY style), and the service has always been prompt and friendly. It's one of our favorite places to have a relaxing dinner. I recommend it to anyone looking for a reasonably priced and well-cooked meal.
5	I have no idea why Trio's isn't rated higher but it can't be the food. I have been coming here for 20 years and reviewing someplace poorly because of a bad joke you heard is very ignorant. I get the Three Cheese Tortellini, Mulligatawny soup YUM!, and the Almond basket for dessert but with cinnamon ice cream. I really don't know how you can go wrong, they have great chefs that cook a lot of things from scratch, get the specials they are worth it usually. Apple pear vinaigrette is a winner too.
4	Trio is our girls' night out spot.  Jim. the bartender, makes the best cosmo in Charlotte.  He is not normally there on Mondays or Tuesdays though.  They currently have chicken piccata on the August specials menu and it is excellent.  The food quality and quantity is consistent week after week.
5	Never ever had a single bad meal here! Everything I've ever eaten is spectacular! Just wish the clientel was a bit younger! Kim is a great server. Ask for her!
3	Good food, really nice service but totally dated atmosphere! This place has so much potential - just need a little investment in the building itself!
4	My go to place.  Always have a great meal and great service. Sit at the bar and get to know the bartenders and locals.  If they would only yell my name when I arrive, it would be perfect.
5	We eat at trio nearly twice a week. The menu has various different items and everything is good. I love the homemade chicken fingers and their brick oven pizzas are to die for. Trio is also very inexpensive for the quality of food that you get. Most dishes are under 12.00. The service is good as well.
4	Second time here, first time non-catering menu. My girlfriends and I went for brunch. I can say I was pleasantly surprised. I say pleasantly surprised for a couple of reasons. 1) The decor is very outdated. Going off of looks, this might not be your first choice. 2) Food at the shower I hosted a couple of months ago was tasty, but it just sandwiches and salad. So I was a little skeptical for brunch items. I ordered the Shrimp and Grits and a Mimosa from the brunch menu. First, the Mimosa was a nice addition to the meal, but tasted more like Orange Juice. Now, my Shrimp and Grits were good, but the quantity was disappointing. My side items were Collard Greens and a Sausage Wrap of some sort. Most of my plate was Collard Greens. However, this was why the meal was a pleasant surprise, as the Collard Greens were seasoned excellently. I was just wanting more Shrimp and Grits. Also, SN:  the brunch menu says assorted muffins and bread. Those were quite disappointing, as they were very small and tasted very similar to what I could get from a Sam's Club or Wal-Mart.
3	Mediocre food for the $$$ price but great atmosphere and service.  I had the filet because I was feeling picky about the amount of dairy in the other items.  But the steak wasn't nearly as good as anything I can cook at home.  Drinks and desserts however were well worth it.  I would come back to socialize rather than enjoy the cuisine.
5	Best Reuben sandwich I have had in the Carolinas! Closest one to my favorite one at Carnegie Deli in NYC.
3	I have liked trio since the mid nineties...I still do. Good food, fair prices, but the service needs to be addressed... My party was treated  with the bare minimum of service, even less if we actually needed something.  I would easily rate them higher if the service improved.  My friend refused to even order dessert or after dinner goodies just to get away from the service.
4	We ate dinner here yesterday and I can honestly say it was one of the better experiences I've had at a restaurant in a while.  The server was attentive and friendly (which for some reason is getting rather rare!) and the food was very tasty!  The salmon was cooked to perfection, while my husband was pleased with his meatloaf, even though he wished there had been MORE of it.  We'll definitely go back sometime.  It's just too yummy to pass up!Now, the cons.  They are so tiny I almost blush bringing them up.  But here they are, just the same:The ambiance:  the restaurant hasn't been updated in quite some time, I'd wager since it was first built.  Where we sat there were signs of touch-up paint in places where the paint had peeled, but no complete renovation.  And the neon really has to go.  I felt like I was eating in a restaurant where I could expect Crockett or Tubbs to walk through the door at any moment!  Kind of weird!Tiny touches, like the aioli on our crab cakes, were obviously phoned in.  It was basically just mayonnaise with a little more lemon juice mixed in.  But I'm a little picky where the finishing touches are concerned, so it might have just been me.Other than those two little nit-picky items, I'd happily dine here again and again!
3	A nice diner with your average dinner decor.  It was very crowded so I assumed it would be a good place to eat. I had the brunch pizza which was pretty decent.  Nothing to write hope about but good.  They brought out dishes off assortment muffins before your meal and wow.  These little lemon poppy seed warm muffins were great! I don't know if they were homemade or not but they tasted great!  Hopefully I will be able to get back here and try more of the menu.
5	Our favorite restaurant.  We have never had bad food or service. Prices are great & food is amazing.  We have eaten from the menu and the monthly specials, never been disappointed.
4	Just had one of the June specials- ancho ribs. They were great , succulent and tasty.They were also very meaty I had trouble finishing the whole rack !
1	Very disappointed. Oven wasn't working so no pizzas available. Had French onion soup. Not enough cheese and I think Campbell's soup is better. Over priced for average, below average food. Maybe this is what's normal in Ballantyne but not what I'm used to. Not impressed. Going to leave and hit up McDonalds. Don't feel like spending another $12 on something just ok
4	This actually turned out to be a pretty good place for a girls brunch! Their brunch menu isn't that extensive but the prices are just right! I went with the shrimp and grits which comes with collard greens...yep, I said collards!!! The shrimp were seasoned very well and not overcooked at all! The grits had a creamy texture...not like what I expected but very delicious. And those collard greens were on point!!! So good that one of my girlfriends ordered a side to take home! I also enjoyed a slice of the chocolate silk pie. I'd definitely hit this place up for brunch again!
5	Love this place! I have been here for the brunch and also dinner and every time the staff goes out of their way to meet your expectations. They have great food and even better desserts:) I recommend this for any occasion.
5	Loved the atmosphere and food while I was there. The brunch menu was nicely laid out. Was there with some Ladies for brunch. Loved it. The service was nice as well.
5	Ok lets talk about charlotte staples.   Trios, the sister restaurant of Charlies (not O'charlies you twit, Charlies at Southpark then Cotswold).  My personal favorites are the french onion soup, Burgers, and of course the club sandwich.    Staff is great and on point,  i have never had a bad experience here and let me tell you a little secret,  the ice tea, french onion soup and club sandwich are the magic cure for a hangover!!
