4	A great little deli cafe, Relish is ideal for getting that quick bite to eat at lunch time or a morning coffee. Located near the water of Leith, and on Commercial Street, Relish provides freshly made sandwiches, homemade soups and a selection of hot drinks. Furthermore, it provides a wide range of cheeses, meats and Italian themed foods, including olives. I have been there a few times and on both times the food has been excellent and defiantly represents value for money. The soup and bread combo does not cost much more than two or three pounds, the tomato basil soup I tasted was warm and tasty. However, if you want a bit more to eat I can also advise upon the sandwiches. I had a baguette with cheese, salami Milano and a red onion salad. Again it was great and very filling as well!I would certainly visit Relish again and I am envious of the people of Leith for having such a good deli cafe!
4	The Shore in Leith is constantly being heralded as the new centre of Edinburgh for foodies, and the existence of Relish right here seems to corroborate this.It's a fairly high-end deli, where you can go for a sophisticated kind of sandwich or light lunch, or else do some gourmet shopping - they stock a range of cheeses, pickles, fancy-looking vegetables and the like.  It's a little pricey, but seems less so when you consider what the equivalent kind of shop would charge you somewhere like New Town.  And if you know your Roquefort from your Dolcelatte, then you'll recognise that Relish is a place of quality.
4	When I moved to Leith there was a part of me that regarded this as similar to being the dark sid eof the moon. A place where nothing grows, that food was most likely in doner form and that a deli was a corner shop.How wrong I was....!Relish is a great example of this and has become a lifesaver for me having lost Peckhams etc from my life. Great selection of wines, cheese and all other key favourites has amde this a must visit on pretty much a weekly basis.As noted for a coffee and a crossant it makes a great Sunday stop as well as it does for those, well that was a helld of day lets get cracked into some wine moments!!All in all a must visit for Leithers!!
5	Well after a longer period living on Leith I now love this place -  they are my Sunday morning go to place for a coffee and crossiant.Also now using it more and more for those little cheeky deli items, they have the most awesome black olives and a great selection of cheeses!Staff are so friendly and engage it a bit of chat about what you are going to do with certain ingredients and then next time you are in ask how it went! Love it long time!!
5	My 3rd review of this place - I now love it, rely on it and couldnt be without it!!By example over the course of one weekend I made 3 visits for 3 totally different reasons.Visit 1: Lunch - Their Barcelona Sandwich which i had as a toasted wrap - soft smokes chorizo with manchego and a balsamic glazed rocket salad! It was perfect - so so so good and just what I was looking for. Finished with a very nice espresso!Visit 2: Deli Items - Sundried tomatos, fresh tomatos, garlic, black olives, dried porchini and crayfish tails.Visit 3: Wine - lovely cabarnet saviogon under a tenner and very tasty!All in all tremendous - they are also now one of the only stockists I have seen of salted cod which seems to be the in thing in recipes I read!! :)JD = ooober happy man!
4	Grabbed lunch from here today... a CRAYFISH with lemon & paprika mayo wrap... ummm... a Deli that will sell me crayfish for lunch?! Yes please!! Why is this place not closer to MY place??!!!Also grabbed a bag of Buffalo Wing flavoured pretzel chips.. yes.. you read that right.. BUFFALO WING pretzel chips.. Aside from those morsels of deliciousness, they had a selection of other sandwiches in the fridge or you could make your own from the counter.. Deli part seems well stocked though I didn't have too much time to look around. Also have a good selection of cheeses as well.There's a few seats inside if you want to sit in, I chose to take my food and sit out in the sun by the Shore!
5	Absolutely love this place!!! Fantastic soups, sandwiches, cakes - actually everything is amazing! Everything is fresh and full of flavour! I have just started a new job across the road and this is my favourite lunch spot! The owner and staff are super friendly and helpful. Would recommend Relish to anyone who likes amazing food and variety at a reasonable price.
