4	Finally: an upscale(ish) restaurant that has LEGIT pho!!!My sister and I stumbled upon Mainland while wandering around the new section of the Palazzo shops.  It is basically a noodle house with other Asian type dishes on the menu as well.   The decor is very sleek and modern-clean lines and long bench seating.  We went on a Friday afternoon and it was close to empty-I think there was one other couple eating in there along with us.  There was an army of employees ready and eager to serve us-almost too many, I'd say...it was a little nerve wrecking having them stand around and stare at us while we ate.Once I saw that they had beef Pho on the menu I was sold.  I really wanted to see if an upscale place could to Pho right.  And, I'd say that they really did.  It was surprisingly good...I was impressed and pleased.  I almost want to say that I liked it better than the ghetto hole in the wall place I go to get Pho in San Francisco called Vietnam, because at Mainland we got quality cuts of meat.  At Vietnam, I sometimes I cant even tell if it actually is beef and not rubber bands that are floating around in my bowl of soup.  Mainland's pho was true to what pho should taste like, and the ingredients were top quality and the establishment is clean and trustworthy- not what I'm used to when eating pho.  I should mention that my sister hated the soup she ordered at first-some sort of grilled chicken soup that she thought was going to be chicken pho but ended up having charbroiled chicken and corn in it...we sent it back and she got the soup I ordered and was enjoying.All in all-I cant wait to come back and bring my pho connoisseur boyfriend and best friend show them that good pho can be done in a nice restaurant.  Also, I'm eager to try some of the other Asian-style appetizers on the menu that looked tasty as well!
4	A trendy, sanitary pho establishment?!  Yes, it does exist...too bad it's in Vegas and can only be savored during rare debaucherous weekends.  Who knew I could enjoy pho without imagining rats in the kitchen or sifting through my soup to identify the mystery meat.It's new and part of the Palazzo shops. Mainland needs to franchise! The beef pho was great, the service was on-point and the atmosphere was modern and fun.Minus one star for not having an authentic chicken pho option.  I originally ordered what I thought was your basic chicken pho (same type of broth and spices as beef - just chicken), and it turned out to be some kinda southwestern concoction of weirdness. The replacement beef pho was GREAT and prepared at warp speed - so it was all good.
3	3.5 stars. We just got back from Vegas and we were staying at the Palazzo. Mainland was the first recommendation the front desk gave us so we knew we had to try it out. We usually go to Noodle Asia at the Venetian but it's nice to try something new. The setup was quite interesting. Its like walking into a trendy hip looking cafeteria. There aren't individual tables so you may end up sharing the seating area with some strangers. Unfortunately for Mainland, the place was practically empty during lunch. They're located in a really bad part of the Palazzo mall. Traffic from the Palazzo head straight for the canal shops. Maybe it was just a slow weekend, but it didn't look too good. We had:- Beef noodle soup- Charbroiled chicken noodle soup- I forgot what the third dish was, but it was basically Hainan chicken with the special sauce splashed all over it. The beef noodle soup was pretty simple/plain and the broth needed  a little more flavor. The charbroiled chicken noodle soup sucked...the chared/burned flavor overwhelmed the dish. A really bad mix that should be removed from the menu. I loved the Hainan chicken dish. The chicken was juicy and very flavorful. The service was really good. Smiling faces everywhere and we got our food quick. In a business perspective, I think they got way too much space. This place is huge. That monthly lease can't be cheap and I can't imagine this place ever getting 100% full. I'll definintely go back because I still want to try out some of their other stuff. Especially the fried ice cream.
4	Food:  Great.  Everything is moderately priced (for Vegas) and the food is really good.  We ordered theSeafood Salad w/ tempura basil leaves (i think) that came with the best dressing.  We also tried the Crispy noodle soup with wontons, the soup was the perfect spicy but could have used a little bit more flavor.  The wontons were good.  The BBQ Pork Puffs were also delicious.  Lastly, we ordered the upside down Pineapple cake with coconut ice cream.  THE BEST!!!! The cake is more custardy and is pure goodness.Service:  Fast & Efficient.  The service was great.  We received our meal within 10 minutes of ordering.  The staff is very friendly and likes being there.  There is an open kitchen so you are able to see everything that is going on in the kitchen.Decor:  Clean & Modern Open space.  I liked the tables alot.  All of them were round or curved, which is great for small or larger parties, particularly large ones.  You can see everyone while you are eating, unlike the rectangular tables where you only see the 4 people around you.  They have the best Mao stuff on sale..keychains, bags with his face, matchbooks with him and Elvis, even their napkins have Mao's and Elvis' face printed on them.  How can you not like that?Location: Not the greatest.  It is in the corner and easy to miss, but the smells coming from the kitchen draw you in!
5	This place I really like. It is in an odd place in the shops @ Palazzo Hotel.. connected to the Venetian.. but it is worth looking for. It makes no promises about being anything more than a great fun place to eat. Brightly colored walls and stainless steel.. communal-style seating and great food. I always sit at the bar with the guy who calls himself ROCK.. or Roc.. I dunno. Good guy, great food. The prices are about $20 per person, the deliver throughout the hotel, maybe further..and it's a very quality style  of food. Even the mixers of drinks at the bar.. are organic based and really good. I have had the one with 'toasted coconut water' a few times. Go there.. check it out!
2	8.01.08: I would say H to the E to the double L to the NO!Taste like wanna be asian food. Several types of choices from Thai cuisine to Chinese type of cuisines. The sauces are very uggghhhh..Not that great at all. There was 7 of us and I believe only one of us enjoyed their food. Which was a noodle soup dish. I would not go here again. The only thing I liked was their decor, very unique. But food wise..Be aware its yucky and it cost more than it should have been.Be aware of Bad Food!
2	Mainland is good if you don't really know what good Asian food is. I understand its "fusion" but I find that that term is more often used for a conglomerate of the strongest of flavors Asian cuisine has to offer, typically the saltiest, sweetest, sourest, etc. Rarely, if ever, is it used to describe an accurate and enlightening combination of cuisines. In any case, Mainland offered exactly the fusion I'd expected. I had the crispy noodle wonton soup, which tasted great until half way through when my body knew to stop before the sodium had absorbed all the water in my body and I shriveled up. As if casino air wasn't bad enough for my hydration. Plus, I come from the SGV, so $14 for a bowl of noodles is ludicrous when I can hit up a Garden Cafe or other such spot and get a better version for $5.95. Guess I'm spoiled. My co-worker had the pork-chop, which was served in a bowl, and when she asked for a knife and fork they gave her a butter knife. ahahaha....On the up side, the wontons in my soup were pretty darn good and unlike my ghetto joints here at home, had all pork and shrimp in them.
3	I ordered their version of Pork Vermicelli.  It wasn't quite what I was expecting.  The noodles were a bit fat and heavy and made the whole meal a bit cumbersome texture wise.  My review probably would've been different had I ordered something different... but how do you miss the target with Vermicelli?I had the chance to sample other things on their menu such as their Crispy Won Ton Soup, Duck Pot Stickers, Calamari and Fresh Spring Rolls and a Marshmallow Shake... all of which were really good and were presented in good fashion.  The prices are reasonable.You'll notice the decor stands out right away when you walk in.  With curvy tables and lots of color, I felt like I walked right into a Dr. Seuss book.  The service was fast, not necessarily personable, but they walked by frequently to check on our table.  They were very particular about taking things off empty plates, but I appreciate the attention.
2	Crazy decor!  Felt like I was in the mushroom level from Mario Sunshine.  Service was quick, but the food is very blah.  Entrees were about $15-20 each - For the price you pay, you can get much better food elsewhere, considering the availability of Asian restaurants throughout all the Vegas hotels.  We ordered two noodle dishes and the fishcake small plate - all were quite oily and lacking in flavor.  Would not go back - did not satiate my Asian food fix nor my hunger.
4	BF and I were walking through the Palazzo shops and stumbled upon this funky spot.What drew us were the brightly colored tables and walls.  The tables are communal here and are in swirl shapes.  Sounds strange but it is worth checking out.  I usually like some privacy while eating but there is enough space here where you won't feel like you are sitting on top of the next Mainland patron.We ordered a few dishes and we were going to catch La Reve later that evening and had a reservation at Craftsteak afterwards (OMG...see my review!)  We had the veggie wontons, the duck potstickers and the kimchee fried rice.  Our bill was under $30.Everything was tasty and I satisfied my craving for an asian snack.  I would definitely return.  The service was friendly, the atmosphere was cool and simple and the food was good.
4	We ate here twice during our weekend in Vegas during the daytime. Didn't want to leave the hotel into the heat of the afternoon, but as asians some of us needed our noodle fix, and mainland was the only place around the palazzo for soup.The soup did help our destroyed stomach from the night before, but its nothing to rave about. The soups tasted fine, if slightly bland. The noodles in the duck soup were a little soggy, the duck dumplings were tasty, but only came with 3. They've got a variety of different soups from ramen, udon, pho, but you'll have to decipher which is which on their menu.Sad there only form of hot sauce is siracha.
2	Definitely agree with Mia with this place in terms of their food. With a name like Mainland, it sounds like it should be serving Hawaiian fusion right? What they serve is wannabe noodle house crap. No appetizing rice plates but rice bowls??? WTF...I ordered the Pad Thai and the portions were a bit on the small side as was the size of the pad thai noodles.  We had green tea served in some trendy chemistry looking type of tea glass. It was extremely hot and the green tea tasted bland...I'd rather go to Asia Noodle instead of this place.
2	Overpriced crap.This place tries way too hard to be some trendy noodle house, but it fails miserably with their poor service, terrible food, awful and stupid seating arrangement. My noodles were lukewarm when I got them and the amount of peanut butter they put overwhelmed the rest of the food in it. The noodles they had were very basic, I can find significantly superior and cheaper noodle places in Los Angeles....heck, even San Diego!Our waitress needed us to repeat our orders a few times before she got it. Then, they still got it wrong! She also was rude to us most of the time and its not like we didn't order anything. Everyone in my party order an entree and a drink too, so we were not cheapskates there. As soon as we were ready to leave and just end this experience, we could not find her anywhere. So we finally got up ourselves and went to the front to pay for our real. The hostess didn't even find that unusual that we had to get up and pay. No thanks or anything.Also, cheesy t-shirts with stupid slogans are lame. Decor looked unique,  I'll give it that, but is it practical and comfortable? Eh, not really. I wouldn't say I was in constant discomfort, but its all style, no substance.Only plus? Mao Zedong and Elvis Presley napkins.
4	Definitely give the Alcoholic Milkshakes a try and if you're a teetotaler, try the Toasted Marshmallow Shake. It has the sweet essence of a campfire without any booze.I like the colors and shapes used in the funky, cartoonish decor.
4	Mainland was great, the food, the service, the atmosphere, everything... Which makes me kind of sad that every time I walked in here (2x) it was totally empty. I feel like this might be in part because it's in the Shops at the Palazzo, but still, that's where CUT is, and I'm sure they do just fine. Anyway, the food was excellent- I had the Mainland Ramen, which includes the basic- ramen, pork two ways, pea leaves, fish cake, hardboiled egg, bamboo, scallion, and bean sprouts. The one thing I really liked is that the pork two ways was pulled pork and definitely added to the flavor. The second time I came here I ordered the same thing because I loved it so much but I also ordered one of their Pineapple- Guava Che, not knowing what a Che is.. Words of wisdom on this one, don't order something if you don't know what it is. This drink had everything but the kitchen sink in it- from beans, to mochi balls, to peanuts, and some guava and pineapple, who knows what else was in there though.. So besides the drink, which was drinkable- minus the beans, Mainland is amazing.  Their decor is  by Paris-based designer India Mahdavi, which is gorgeous. His design is clean, chic, and modern. This restaurant is another great addition to Jonathan Morr's collection of family style seating noodle houses and I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!!
5	Quick, fun, easy, and everything is less than 16 bucks. Great portions and the food quality was surprisingly better than what I expected. Dumplings are great and the Pad Thai really hit the spot. They have some really unique shake flavors so I had to give one a try for desert. The toasted marshmallow shake was something I'll definitely be back for really soon!
4	A great place for a quick lunch in Vegas. Mainland has a cute, modern vibe mixed with a bit of Asian traditionalism - think matchbooks featuring pop art portraits of Chairman Mao and Elvis. The cuisine is reminiscent of Hong Kong style street food - noodle bowls, dim sum style small plates. I went here with a large group of family members and there was something for everyone, all of it tasty. I had a chicken noodle bowl, my dad had a beef one, mother in law got a seafood salad...all yummy and fairly priced.Will def go back here for an affordable Vegas lunch and enjoy the cute atmosphere.
4	This place has reasonable "asian fusion" food. I ate lunch here almost 5 days in a row while at the Palazzo for work. I tried all of their noodles each time. The ingredients they use are VERY fresh. The service is very friendly. The ambiance is whimsical. A bowl of noodles, drink will run you about $20 (tax and tips included).That is not too bad for being in Vegas.
5	I am so sad that this is closed! I always thought I would be able to have another one of their toasted marshmallow shakes in my lifetime. =( And yes, that shake is the reason I give it 5 stars.
