2	What?  A thrift store?  *squeals tires and Tokyo drifts into parking lot* I'M THERE! NO FURTHER EXPLINATION NEEDED!  For those of you who know me, I love checking out thrift shops and second hand stores. You never know what your going to find, and each one had something different then the other.When I pulled in here today, it was surprisingly busy. Parking lot was mostly full, and considering it's a Thursday afternoon, I guess that's a good sign. I didn't know what to expect when I came in, so I was glad to see a decent selection of stuff when I entered.At first, it seemed sort of typical.  Men's and women's clothing organized by size, purses, shoes and other stuff in the back like books and knick knacks. I found a few tops that I liked, and a set of Party lite candles.  At first I wasn't paying much attention to the prices on the clothing, but after I was digging for a bit and found a few name brand items. I was like "oh, this is kinda cool to find a Liz Claiborne top."  But I noticed that it was really expensive.  Like $15.  yet, the surrounding clothing was substantially cheaper. Why? Because it wasn't name brand.  They seriously mark up the really nice stuff, like the top that I found, and charge less for the no name items or the ones in worse shape.For a thrift shop, I was surprised at the huge range of prices here. Some of them were reasonable, and I understand that they have to make a buck, but its not a consignment store...its a donation based place.  If Goodwill will sell me the same Liz Claiborne top for well under $10, YOU CAN TOO. Don't charge me triple the price. I've done a lot of thrift shopping in my day, and trust me, that's way to much considering its shoved in the middle of the rack and your making a 100% profit off it. If this were a consignment shop, I would understand, but its not!Secondly, this place had no changing rooms. How the heck am I supposed to try stuff on to see if it fits properly?  FAIL!  Also, they had only one register open, and I got stuck behind a lady who was buying literally half the dam store. I can get past the line thing, but no changing rooms in site? I ended up putting the clothes back because I couldn't try them on.I did score some party lite candles here though, so that made the trip worth it.  I would go back, but I wouldn't say it's on my short list. If you are driving by, stop in and give it a whirl.
2	The staff was polite. I went in to find some clothes for work, and money is tight right now. They had some really cute stuff and I saw many brand-name items (like Lilz Claiborne). I loaded up my cart, and then...looked around...and looked around...and finally asked a lady at a register if they had fitting rooms so I could try the clothes on. She said no, they didn't. Then I saw a blue sign above each of the registers stating that all sales are final, and no returns are accepted. Well.The lady who told me there were no changing rooms said she was sorry, and I told her I was sorry, too, but that there was no point in me buying any clothes without being able to try them on, and without being able to bring them back if they don't fit. This seems like a major oversight on some levels, but another sign in the back of the store (this store is BIG on signs...) indicated that "For Our Customers Safety," there are no public restrooms. Geez...I didn't realize bathrooms were so dangerous! I guess I better look out, because I have three of them in my house!I'm sorry, but it's really stupid to buy clothes that you can't possibly return and you can't possibly try on. Where is the sense in that? It's close to my house, the staff is polite, it has a good variety of clothing...but I won't waste a lot of time there.
5	BEST THRIFT STORE I'VE EVER BEEN TO!!!This store really is HUGE!  They have a great selection of merchandise and they mark down items on a weekly basis (so if that one item you wanted is a little too expensive, just be patient and it will get marked down).Some of the other reviews on here state that Thrift Stores are 100% profit, which isn't true.  They have to pay for employees, insurance, bills AND their merchandise.  It isn't like it just drops from the sky.I think you'll find very reasonable pricing here with some very good finds if you are willing to shop for awhile.  They try to catch the top brands, but their prices are good and let's face it, if they can get $10 for a $75 top then they should.  If you don't like it, wait a week and it will be $5 (or sold because you didn't buy it when you should have).Friendly staff and management, ample parking, nice cold a/c and open until 9pm.  It's a great place to shop!
3	I didn't bother to look at clothes here. But I spent a lot of time sitting on the floor going through piles and piles of records. I got some awesome stuff. Hello Johnny cash! I also picked up 2 super awesome Frankenstein candles... they were $2 each but I love them!  We found this really awesome wine rack that was huge and only $5. We gave it to a cashier to hold since it didn't fit in the cart. When we got up there to pay the rack was gone. No one knew where it went. That sucked. But I would love to go back just to dig through the records! Check this place out.
4	This place reminds me of what Goodwill used to be although I daresay they have better stuff.  The "home" section is rather junky but they have a ton of clothes priced very reasonable.  And not all uber faded shirts with bleach spots either.  Check it out!
