3	After a long wait, or what seemed to be long, for these guys to open their doors, we made it in for a late-ish lunch the day after opening. What used to be a small gas station/auto body/lube has now been turned 180 degrees and is a full-fledged restaurant chock a block filled with comfy seats, fried foods, and grating country tunes. Upon entering, it feels rather familiar. You'd think these guys have been slapping locations down throughout the Southeast for the past couple years, but no. With only a handful of locations, and now Crown Town, HD's barely qualifies as a chain. The decor is a little kitschy, simple, and familiar, but the seating arrangement is actually rather spacious and comfy. Gigantic booths available for larger groups....or anyone who just wants a comfy seat for the hind quarters. Every staff member we spoke with was brightly smiling, cheery, friendly, and helpful. It felt like these guys had been open for a couple of months with how smoothly the whole operation was. Looked over the menu right quick and here's was we came up with:Buffalo Wrap: Meh. Obligatory flour tortilla, jammed with iceberg, cucumber slices, crispy onion straws, bleu cheese, and lightly breaded, sauced chicken nugget-y bits. I'm not a huge fan of their buffalo sauce, as the spice mixture varies pretty far from what my expectations were/are. I ate half of it and dissected the other. Dry Rub Wings: These are the shining star. I'm a fan of wings in general, but dry rub is something that tends to fall short when it comes to execution. Hubee D's mix is simple, slightly smoky, and has a twinge of spice. The bleu cheese was a little weak, so I forwent close to all of it. Sauces: Think there are 5 in-house varieties at every table. Not a one out of the bunch really stood out. The most interesting was the Bourbon Sauce. A little more vinegary and closer to home for NC. Fried Banana Pudding. I mean....come on. What more do I need to say? Of course it's amazing. Just get it. For our entire meal, considering style of product, prices are pretty fair. We ordered quite the menagerie of menu items and still walked out only paying $25 for the two of us. Parking, which I originally saw to be an issue, is not as horrid as one would think. About a dozen spots in the front of the building and also several in the rear. I'm really glad this place has come to Charlotte. It's an easy, familiar, accessible, and affordable concept. Fans of other chicken-based chains will find an easy entrance into becoming a regular here I'm sure. Really kid-friendly as well. Families will find the appeal of this spot in no time flat.
3	Hubee D's falls somewhere between fast food and fast casual. Everything is prepared fresh on-site and never frozen. They have wings, tenders, nuggets, wraps, & salads. Sides include fries, cole slaw, bananas, and corn bread. Desserts are frozen fried banana pudding and ice cream sandwiches. There are several sauces available at every table - jerk sauce, bourbon sauce, buffalo hot sauce, honey bbq, and Hubee D sauce (which tastes like a gourmet, smoked version of ChicFilA sauce). Overall, the food was good, though very little on the menu isn't fried. I would go back over ChicFilA or Zaxby' s, but the menu is limited enough that I'd really need to be in the mood for chicken or wings.
1	I would like to know where this restaurant got started and do these people have tastes buds where they are from or are they people like The Hills Have Eyes movie and got nuked and now they can't taste a thing and eat whatever they can find.Don't bother ordering the grease, they are generous enough to give you ample thin soggy cold fries to soak it up so it won't run all over your plate. At least make it thick cut fries, so it at least you can taste some potato flavor not just oil that you fried your chicken in as well. $6!?!? JUST for a chicken sandwich, you better put some lettuce, tomato, cheese or bacon on it or something, but nope, you get pickles and two strips of dried up chicken slathered in this grotesque pinkish mayo sauce. I know some of you people like no thrills eating, you'll eat bread and cardboard and be happy, but it's just chicken and bread and pickles! You mean you can't slap that together for less than 6 dollars? Oh man, the sauce!!! What were they thinking?! You came up with 7 different types of sauce, you can at least make one that tastes half way decent! I think one is vomit with hot sauce the other is vomit with bbq sauce and the other is vomit with mayo and another one is vomit with vomit, also theres another tangy jerk vomit.There is one bright side to this restaurant are their wings, unfortunately, I must have gotten some deformed handicap chicken cause couple of wings were dried up and one was very tiny. Get them dried rubbed, don't get them tossed in vomit.No sir,...I don't like it.
3	Hubee D's caught my eye as I was looking for a quick lunch. I am not a fan of typical fast food but in full disclosure I just had my eyebrows done and looked a little weird (i.e bright red skin around my eyes) so I was trying to avoid spending any time in an eating establishment. There wasn't much of a line at noon on a Thursday, so I ordered the three piece fingers and fries to-go. At just under $7 it wasn't any more expensive than your typical fast-food spot in my opinion. I concur with other reviewers that everyone I encountered was very friendly. I asked if they had any sauces and they directed me to try one of their many varieties (6 or 7) , I started pouring one in a to-go cup and the sauce must have dried up on the top of the squeeze bottle because it came out like a rocket...all over my face, hair, clothing...it was safe to say I was covered. Many staff members mentioned this happens all the time which had me thinking "why hasn't management changed the bottle???" I know they felt bad because they offered me a beverage and even a free dessert pop.. It was definitely nice that they cared, but it won't cover the cost of my stained dress.  Luckily I worked from home that day because a shower was very necessary, I could not have returned to work in that condition. I abandoned my sauce collecting efforts after that. The food was definitely better than your typical fast-food.  It was very well seasoned, if a tad salty but I liked it. The fries were really good, probably my favorite thing. They were thin and crispy. I didn't find the food any more greasy than what's usual for fast-food. I'm still more of a Zaxby's  fan when it comes to fingers but I would return to Hubee D's if I didn't feel like venturing too far from home.
4	We passed by Hubee D's one day, said "What's that?!", and then visited the next day to give it a shot when we were looking for a quick, cheap early dinner.  The menu is fairly simple -- all chicken-related -- but there's a little something for everyone: wings, tenders, boneless wings, sandwiches, salads, sides, and desserts.   You order at the counter, get a number, and then the food is brought out to your table, so at least you know it's cooked to order.  I tried the crispy tenders meal which included fries.  For a dollar more, you can get the platter which also includes coleslaw and cornbread.  I opted for the 4-piece tenders for $1 more than the 3-piece.  Unfortunately, what I got was about 3 1/3 tenders.  Like the chicken wings, I figured you could also get hot sauce on your tenders, so I requested that the tenders be tossed in their "seriously hot."  Seriously, it's not that hot.  And I was charged an extra 50 cents. And they have five kinds of sauce (including buffalo hot sauce, which tasted the same) on the tables.  I basically paid 50 cents for the labor of someone putting sauce on my chicken that I could have done myself at the table.  And then another 20 cents for blue cheese.  All of which should automatically be included with ANY kind of chicken.  The tenders (all 3 1/3 of them) were very tasty and the buffalo sauce (that I could have just put on myself) was flavorful, too, although not very spicy.  The big handful of shoestring fries (with skins on) were very good, too.  I'm not a fan of chicken wings, but looking at the menu, they seemed a bit pricey (about a dollar a piece).  And their fried banana pudding sounded interesting...but not for $5 a pop.  Seriously?  Would I go back?  I might.  The food was good and fresh.  I'd know just to put the free sauce on myself, though, and next time I'd probably say something if I just got 3 1/3 tenders for the 4 that I paid for.  That should be part of their quality control, though, not mine.  I'm probably being generous with four stars, but three stars seemed too low.  It's probably more like 3 1/3.
4	We were in the area completing paperwork for our first home purchase. After hours of signing a stack of paper the size of my old math textbooks, it was too late to celebrate elsewhere. We decided on Hubee D's as we have been in the past and enjoyed it. My go-to is the chicken tenders with fries; better than most I've had. Half way through our meal, the owner comes out with a plate of their fried banana pudding and congratulates us on our new home. A genuinely nice guy and very personable; which also proves true for most of the staff. I enjoy the simple menu and the local brews they have on-tap (a small variety of wine is also available). I would love to see them improve their sauces by possibly adding seasonal or regional varieties.
5	above and beyond customer service and the food was great. We will be back.
4	Four stars for the chicken tenders and sauces. Lower for everything else as the fries are too skinny and no other outstanding sides.
3	I could say 3.5 stars .  The food was surprisingly good, they serve beer and wine which is unusual for a fast food type place (with decent dining room seating) which caters to kids.  But it all works nicely here.  Large selection of sauces, and mostly chicken and salad food choices.  i had the Goat Salad with chicken, it was very good  but the french fries and the chicken on the child's plate for my granddaughter was even better... both were outstanding and a nice mustard sauce for the mini chicken fingers. They obviously went in business because they know how to cook chicken.  It works.Parking is good, children got a token to exchange for their choice of free dessert -- a nice way to do it, if they eat their food, they can go back and get a treat.  Ice Cream Sandwich or banana pudding, or ?   the icecream sandwich was good, I tasted it.Will return ---  hope they expand, it appears to be a chain.  A special plus was well designed restrooms, with working faucets, and towel dispensors and soap dispensors.  something I can't say for all such places.
5	Went there yesterday with a dear friend (who's been there 3 days in a row) and the place is simply great. Large portions of tender grilled chicken with several different sides and pricing was more than reasonable. I intend to go back with my wife and several other friends. It was very clean and well-maintained and the manager made time to stop by our table and chat. A good expereince.
3	This is a good but not great chicken place with well polished design and delivery.  Dry rub wings were tasty, especially with the many sauces. Chicken tenders and nuggets had a lot of breading and were just OK.  Services was absolutely perfect, as we were checked up on at least 5 times during our 25 minute stay.  Kids meal was great. Lots of new HDTV. Hated the country music, but wife and kid liked it.  Parking lot was so tight I had to move my car even though both cars were inside the lines.  Would go back but not as a regular.
3	Just your normal wing and sandwich place. Atmosphere was nice, staff friendly.  They do have lots of sauces, our favorites were the Island Jerk and Honey BBQ.  The Fried Banana Pudding was not what I expected: just battered bananas fried and placed on a plate with a small portion of normal banana pudding.  I would preferred just the normal pudding.
2	So as a person w/o kids who generally focuses on healthy flavorful eating, this is not really the place for me.  The offer wings, chicken tenders (fried or grilled) and nuggets. They said that their crispy tenders are their most popular item so I gave them a try along with the Goat Island Delight salad they said was their best - a salad with craisins, almonds and champagne vinegarette. They seem to do a big business from the hospitals at lunch and their food comes out ultra quickly which is good if you're on the go. They seem to do a good job with training their employees. I just wasn't crazy about the breading/seasoning on the chicken- it tasted a little bland/sour and when you say crispy, I guess I expected more crispy batter ala KFC on the outside and the batter was quite thin. The accompanying sauces named after various South Carolina places were boring (buffalo, jerk, bourbon, honey mustard, etc.) The best was the Old Edisto sweet honey BBQ sauce.  The salad was bland without the dressing but the dressing itself didn't complement the salad at all. The saving grace of the meal was the delicious cornbread which was sweet and moist, and the  frozen banana pudding pop in a dixie cup with caramel and chocolate, which incidentally is not a good thing to eat while driving. Consider yourself warned. It is, of course, absolutely delicious but despite being small (in a Dixie cup) it is quite dense and filling and I couldn't finish one.Is this a great place for families with kids? Absolutely.  Will I be back? Probably not until I have a 4 year old I have to feed or I have a hankering for the cornbread or banana pudding pop.
4	This place is getting it right.  It's a big step above fast food and its obvious everything is made from scratch.  We got a big togo order with an assortment of a lot of different menu items.  Fresh cut fries were really good with a generous portion but like most fries, they didn't travel that well.   The tenders have just the right amount of breading to make them crispy but not to take away from the buttermilk marinaded seasoned chicken.  The wings were a big hit.  Slightly smokey with the dry rub, plump tender and juicy.  Had the hot sauce and the BBQ sauce and both were very good.We will certainly go back.
5	Great new place. A must try if you are ever in the area. Ambiance is very casual and laid back. The service is first class, cashier took the time to explain each of the seven sauces in great detail. Very engaging and energetic wait staff. Food was brought after a few minutes as everything is cooked to order. Food was fresh and flavorful sauce is not needed. Will return soon to try the many styles of dry rub wings.
5	Enjoyed my Chop Salad with Crispy Chicken on top.  I used bbq sauce and blue cheese as dressing.  YUMMY!  Cornbread on the side was very good as well. $8.00  Staff very attentive and friendly.
5	This place is fantastic for a fast food restaurant. The food is ALWAYS fresh and the management is very supportive of our community. I personally recommend the the chicken nugget basket. The cornbread is awesome, too.
4	What a great surprise! I have had Hubee D's on my "to try" list for months, but am not a huge fast food/fried food eater so kept avoiding. So needless to say I was so wrong in what I thought I was getting myself into. The food was fresh, didn't give me a fast food feeling and had amazing service!Upon arriving I explained to the guy at the counter I had never been, but wasn't a fried fan. He recommended the grilled chicken sandwich. So, I chose the grilled chicken sandwich basket, which included fries, slaw, and a piece of cornbread. I received a number and found a table, which was rough b/c the place was packed. After only a few minutes I was delivered my meal. The sandwich was served on a kaiser roll with the Hubee sauce and pickles, which was fresh and hot, but I think needs some lettuce or something. The fries, OMG! Thin, crispy and served with the perfect amount of salt. I also enjoyed the slaw, but did find the cornbread to be a little sweet and dry for my tasting. Overall, I loved Hubee D's and look forward to my next visit!
4	Enjoyed dinner last night at Hubee D's and really enjoyed it! Ordered the grilled boneless wing basket...Cornbread was great, as well as the wings, coleslaw and fries. Luckily we left room for desert....Frozen Banana Pudding Pop did not disappoint, it is necessary for every meal. Do not skip it! Customer service was top notch last night by all staff members. Will definitely return very soon!!
4	I somehow always crave chicken on Sunday's, so Hubee D's was a destination of choice.  I was slightly surprised to find out that it wasn't a traditional sit down restaurant, (i.e. You order your food at the counter and they bring it to you at a table.) but no big deal. I ordered the grilled chicken tenders, cole slaw, and some cornbread.  The items I ordered were all good, but one thing I loved is the amount of dipping sauces provided at the table.  Their signature sauce is really good (sweet, creamy, spicy) and the other sauces were fun to try, too.  Surprisingly, for a restaurant that isn't a traditional sit down place, the service was exceptional....the person who took our order, also delivered our food, cleared plates/dishes as needed, checked on us, and even refilled our drinks for us (filled them so high he had to walk a tightrope back to our table from across the restaurant. Well done!)...all while still running shop at the front of the house, too.  (He was tipped well.)This is a nice 'tweener' restaurant.  Almost like a chicken-centric version of Panera.
5	Great food!  Finally a good casual place in Myers Park. Just chicken - tenders, wings, nuggets, salads and wraps.  The BEST fries anywhere!  We will be back. It will be a tailgating staple.
5	Heaven on earth. Their cornbread is so good it should be a sin. I wish I could buy it by the pound. And their fried banana pudding...the first time I ate it I heard sweet angels singing. Yaaas!
3	A little pricey for what you get.   The food was good.   I loved the chicken strips and frozen banana pudding pop.   The restaurant is noisy.   Perfect for kids.
1	You have got to be kidding me I ask you smoke your wings?  They told me yes so I ask what type of wood do you used?After asking a few people took a wild guess and said Hickory.
5	best wings in town!  their signature Hubee sauce is addictive.  don't forget to try the homemade fried banana pudding.
5	Upon walking into Hubee D's, I was impressed with the atmosphere. It carries a southern charm and locally grown theme that is complemented by a modern menu display. Ingredients in plain view, a nice dining room, and other touches make this place much classier than its price point. I ordered a large chicken tender basket. The breading on the chicken was fried to the perfect crisp, and the tenders themselves were country thick. Paired with their signature (BBQ-Ranchish?) sauce, this chicken is worth building a restaurant empire around. Fries, cornbread, and coleslaw also come with the basket. Fries were hand-cut and pretty tasty, but i prefer mine a little crispier. Cornbread tasted homemade and fresh. The slaw was awesome - a very conservative amount of ranch-vinaigrette-like dressing makes it seem like a cole slaw salad as opposed to the frequent overly mayonnaised slaws. Overall, the basket greatly exceeded my expectations. Next time i'll be trying the fried banana pudding.
