5	Accidents happen...sigh... So let's just say someone who shall remain nameless wrecked their car, and it was pretty gnarly. In fact, it was a Friday right around rush hour and said person had to have it towed to a body shop with a good reputation in a hurry (blocking a travel lane during rush hour is apparently quite frowned upon). :( I have it on good authority that New Look Collision Center is a great choice.  New Look has their own towing company, and they sent a truck out in a jiffy! The next day they called and got all of the paperwork in order.  Parts were ordered the day the insurance company came out, and the car was fixed, detailed, and good as new less than 2 weeks later. One of the great things about New Look is that they have an open door policy.  You can check on the status of your vehicle any time (as long as it is not in the paint booth). Also, you can check photos of the progress that is being made on the web. Everyone there is very friendly and knowledgeable. New Look Collision Center can make a bad situation a little less of a hassle...I know if I ever wreck MY car, I will surely bring it back...I mean, try them out. ;)
5	I want  to have more accidents so I can get my car fixed and serviced there! I love this place they are attentive to detail and are willing to help you get out of there as fast as possible!
5	Went to get a quote and Had the most friendly and Beautiful woman help me out! Lynneve makes me want to have a fender bender every week she is that cool! I recommend this place to everyone! dabluzking
5	Really really really great service from Renn and the work was excellent.
5	When someone hit my parked baby, Lexus said they use New Look Collision. I now know why! Ren has great customer service and the repair job was above and beyond my expectations. My car looks better today than when I first bought it. Tell your friends...best repair center in town!
5	I bought my first new car about three months ago. After going through two automatic car washes (don't do this; hand wash) I had one tiny scrape on my bumper and a pretty sizable scratch on my driver's side wheel wale. I was absolutely crushed and I knew that I had to get it fixed. I visited about five different shops and the customer service at all of them was terrible and the prices were just as bad. $400-500 was the norm. I was just going to live with the scratch. Until I visited new look auto body. They did the whole job for about half what the competitors offered and they fixed the tiny scratch on my bumper for free. Highly recommend for any and all jobs. Thank you again new look collision.
5	It's not a good day when u get in a car accident. It's a tough situation you find yourself in. One of the biggest questions is  where to take your car to get fixed. Well if you decided to take it here, I'm sure you will be satisfied!!! The costumer service here if awesome! They are in constant communication with you to let you know the status of your vehicle. My car looked phenomenal! It was only four months old when I got hit. And it really looked like I was rolling off the dealers lot yet again. The place is leaps and bounds ahead of other body shops we have been to!!  This is the most satisfied I have ever been.  My husband who is extremely picky when it comes to his cars is satisfied as well. He was impressed on how clean the car was and how smooth and well buffed out it was. I loved the paint job that was done on it!! I will defiantly recommend this body shop to friends and family and if I am ever in need again I will be going back as well.  Thank you New Look for making my baby look and feel new again!
5	Most people who go to a collision center because they got into some kind of collision! Whether it was with a tree, another car, or a pole it happens right? You know what else happens? Rude people stealing your car and using it like it had no meaning to anyone in the world. My car was stolen a few weeks ago. Right when I got back from vacation! I was going down the stairs of my apartment and did one of those, "wait a minute, did I park at the other row?", kind of like what we all do at the mall or store. However, I knew where I parked it and it was not there. The closer I got I could finally see the glass on the ground, which indicated that someone took my car. That is an experience I NEVER wish to experience again. When the police did fine my car it was just not pretty on the inside. Luckily my rims and tires were still there and no real damage to the outside was done, but the inside looked like a group of teenagers had a party in my car. Oh and took the music with them! Geico is my insurance company and New Look has a Geico base within their facility. One of the adjusters took my car there to have it evaluated and so forth. It was actually a pretty easy process. Ren (I think that was his name), was the man who was assigned to my case at New Look. Him and his team did a really great job with turning my back into what my car use to look like. It will never be the same to me, because I have a different stereo and the images of what it did look like, but they did a good job restoring her. The customer service was great. They really just treated me well and their facility is nice. It is in the back of a bunch of other office buildings, kind of in the nook of it all, but it is a great place. I am hoping to never return to them, but life happens so if that is the case I would probably bring my car back to them if it is not totaled. That would be sad. Thank you New Look, you really did give her a new look! :)
1	These people have been horrible to deal with for me. Originally was given a 3 week repair time on my truck. Then the day before it was supposed to be done they bumped there time frame another 4 weeks and claimed it was a backordered part (How did they not already know this?). Then ended up adding another week last minute. All in all what was supposed to be a 3 week repair ended up being 8 weeks with piss poor communication between.  Now I have had the truck back for 2 months and keep noticing things they didn't fix right. Many spots where the clear coat was buffed wrong, Didn't replace a clear bra that they charged the insurance for, loose front fog light (After looking behind the bumper the electrical was not even corrected and it is missing a screw), bubbles in some of the paint work they did, the truck sits 1" towards the driver side, they scratched the door and did a half ass job fixing it. My list could keep going on and on.  I brought the truck in 2 weeks ago to get these issues addressed. The manager BJ assured me they would get everything together and get it all fixed and to wait for his call. A week later I called them after never getting a return call and he hadn't done anything (Completely forgot). Now it is another week without communication. At this point I wont trust them to have the truck at all and will gladly pay elsewhere to get their mistakes repaired. Horrible communication, piss poor repair quality and NO professionalism.   Also this is a BRAND NEW truck. Not an old vehicle where I am just finding other issues to try and blame on them. The truck was one month old after the accident. I urge everyone to not get sucked into their nice building and look around before you trust them with your vehicle.
5	Showed up, got an estimate in less than 2 minutes, and was out the door again. They told me about their 10% off coupon on their website so I came back and they completed the work in 4 days. They told me it would take 3 days but to plan on 4 for a car rental so it worked out perfectly. Car looked just as new as it did before the accident and it cost exactly what the estimate said it would. They personally walk you out to your car and even send you a thank you card a week later.Can't get any better than that! Definitely go to these guys.
5	Let me tell you...I'm very (VERY!) picky about my car, who works on it, and how it looks at all times. I was raised to believe that your vehicle (and it's cleanliness) is a sign of your personality and outward expression of your life in general.  Mine, it must be perfect, end of story.I had my Audi in the shop to repair my front bumper, fender, headlight and foglight after an accident.  I just got my car back and it is perfect; that's the only way to describe it.  The paint matches perfectly.  The parts fit back perfectly.  The factory tolerances in the seams are perfect; yes I checked.  The car was returned clean inside and out.  The job was completed exactly when they said it would be; no BS excuses or monkeying around.  Car. Fixed. Perfect. On. Time.These guys are pros, plain and simple.  One thing I require, and they deliver, is frequent updates on the status of my vehicle...I won't sleep well otherwise.  Every other day I received an email from Don giving me the scoop and where they were at in the process.  Love it!I don't know how these guys compare on price to other shops in town and I really don't care.  This place provides high quality labor and it's worth the cost.  Check out the back of the shop...I challenge you to find a cleaner environment.  This is my, and should be your, go-to body shop.
5	These guys are serious about quality and service.  While my car was being serviced they emailed me daily with status reports.  Everything was done on time and I can't tell that there was any body work done to my car.  Best experience I've had with any car service.
5	Having someone hit your car is NOT a nice experience... But having these guys asses the damage was! Very kind and personable, and also efficient. Was in and out in a jiffy and got some friendly conversation along the way--couldn't ask for more!
5	Outstanding work done by a very friendly staff. I've had my car back from them over a month now, and my vehicle looks just swell!
5	Had done a few go sees at other collision centers, and kept going. This place? Clean. Energetic neat staff. Up to date. Fast. Professional. You can't go wrong here.
5	This place is awesome. Not only did they repair it quickly, but everything was completed professionally and properly. I highly recommend them.
5	Getting hit in a parking lot by someone who couldn't be bothered to look where they are going is NOT pleasant.  New Look was the complete polar opposite of that experience.  From start to finish, they were all very friendly and professional.  The daily process updates via web photos is such a great idea and was greatly appreciated. My car was done right on schedule and it came out looking amazing...there is no way to tell it ever had any damage.  I am 100% satisfied and would highly recommend New Look.
1	WATCH OUT!REALLY, I think they are set up to do a good repair job and most are quite pleasant. BUT, The gloves come off if you suggest they did something wrong! They attack with this condescending attitude while insulting your intelligence about your knowledge of the condition of your car. All in defense of what they absolutely could not have done wrong!If you must use this company, use caution. 1) Photo document condition of the entire car. 2) Take a detailed inventory the contents of your car. 3) Document your fuel at drop off. FYI, they offer no explanation for the obvious missing fuel. 4) Document your mileage at drop off.Let the fun begin when you get your car back! FYI, a whoops and a 15 minute repair would have made me a happy customer!
3	We were referred here because our car has a pearl white paint job. Some tool scratched the hell out of the wifey's car so we filed a claim with our insurance company. We were referred to New Look because they do really good work with the pearl white paint job. It's different then a regular paint job meaning more expensive because of the extra labor involved. It's a three layer process. Anyways one of the wifey's friends recommended them because they also have the pearl white paint job. Just as a note I will never buy another car with a pearl white paint job again. It's not worth the extra headache or the extra cash. But it is a sweet ass color though.  Anyways we drop the car off and the person we went through at New Look John was really a nice guy. Everything seemed to go good. They even text you pictures of the process. I was surprised though how long it took. They had our car for over a week so I wasn't happy about that. We finally get the car back and we met John in front of the location. They pulled our car around and he shows us the work they did. his is where I can't believe what I'm seeing. It was one of those wtf moments. They did a great job on the areas they did paint but they clearly missed a spot. They actually left a bare spot on our bumper. It was very small but I saw it clear as day. I pointed it out to John but he kinda just looked away. I couldn't believe it how do you miss a spot unless you intentionally didn't want to paint it. So once I got over the shock of that we get in the car to leave.They marked our leather seat up. There was a black strip of tar or something on our drivers side seat. Also the car smelled lacquer or something for a few days. I felt like someone had taken our car out for a joyride because our leather seats looked really dirty and like more wrinkled then I remember them. Luckily we had the car detailed the next day and they were able to get the mark out. But like I said earlier the areas they did paint looked great but I can't believe a paint and body shop would miss a spot accidentally. Just doesn't make sense.
5	Great customer service,  the representative,  Kewan, was TERRIFIC!  DEFINITELY will use again :)
5	I am so happy with my experience with New Look, they have such good customer service (which is very rare now a days)  I found this location when I called Audi dealer to find a certfied audi specialist for body work.   My car may have taken longer then anticipated,  but totally worth it.  They don't release your vehicle unfinished,  they make sure the quality of work is excellent.  I have to admit I had a ding on my bumper and they even worked on it, even though it wasnt part of the accident!   Who does that? Not even the dealer!  If I ever get into another accident, I will definitely take my Audi back to this location!   Thanks Guys!
1	I write this review based upon what occurred to me, my opinion and what I believe. I am not one to go out and write negative reviews and I pondered whether or not to even write this review, but I think the general public should know what happened to me in order for themselves to make a clear and cogent choice. I will never use this body shop again and would not recommend this body shop to anyone. I am blessed to own a 2012 Mercedes AMG C63. I got my car in Ohio because I was unable to locate the exact version of the car I wanted here in Las Vegas. My car was my second baby, I loved it so much and was so thrilled to own it. On September 12, 2014, I was violently rear-ended by a Jeep Cherokee and I am still suffering injuries from the crash. Upon recommendation from Mercedes in Henderson, I took my car into New Look on September 13, 2014. I was ensured by New Look that my car would get the best service, they would handle the insurance carriers, and the car would be finished within about a month, at the latest, because they needed a certain item to set the car upon.After being led on, time and time again, I would view the pictures of my car and unfortunately, New Look, decided to store my car outside with one or more windows missing. I was led on time and time again that my car was "next to be up," and it would get fixed. Day after day, month after month, I was told, led on, and misrepresented that my car would be coming up. I also informed New Look that I had incurred a large rental bill because they were taking too long (3k in rental bill) but BJ just said he would talk to the insurance carriers and take care of it. Nothing was ever done in regards to BJ talking to the carriers and that was just another misrepresentation. Then, one day, I needed to get documents from my car and showed up at the location. To my utter disbelief, my car had dust, dirt, and items missing from the car because New Look decided to leave an $80,000.00 Mercedes AMG outside and subject to the elements with the windows missing. Such decision by New Look tarnished the interior of my car, resulted in my items missing from the vehicle, but once again I was ensured that it would be remedied. I still havent found the items missing from my car not has New Look reimbursed me for the missing items. After being paid over 18k and my deductible in the maount of $1000.00 from my insurance carrier for their "work," New Look informed me over two months and a week later that my car was ready.  Unfortunately, when I picked up my car, the interior was a disaster with dirt, dust, and other items not appropriately cleaned. New Look also pitched and got from me an extra 800 for rim work on my tires. This BJ manager apologized profusely as well as John and promised that Mercedes would detail my car. I told him that i honestly could not trust them anymore and I took the car to my detailer who was shocked at the interior condition and detailed the car. BJ promised weeks ago that they would cover the cost of the detail but even after sending him the invoice, I havent received the check. It is just another long line of disappointments that I had with my service at New Look. So after a two and a half month wait, NEW LOOK being paid about 20k for the damage to my car from my insurance and my deductible, and then receiving an extra 800 from me for my rims, I got my car back which was filthy, items missing, and the leather damaged. In addition, I got misrepresentation and inaccurate statements from New Look and their staff. It is most unfortunate that a business acts like this. I will never use this company again and my car's interior is damaged because of them. They received their money, over 20k, and they got me this time. There wont be a next time for me.
