1	This place is a real time suck. When I walked in to finish opening my account the receptionist told me it would only be about 15 minutes. 35 minutes later, someone is finally available to help me finish opening an account. Unfortunately, the woman helping me seemed to have no idea what she was doing. I told her that I had started the membership application online and got to the last step when a message popped up saying something went wrong and I had to finish my application at a branch. She had to call three different people for help, and kept saying that I had skipped a step that I know I completed. What should have been a five minute stop turned into an hour. I am very disappointed in the service at this branch. These people have no idea what they are doing and are incompetent. If you have a lot of time to waste and enjoy dealing with clueless employees, you will love it here.[Edit: The icing on top of the cake- I told the representative who opened my account I wanted to order some checks. She said it would take about 2 weeks to come in the mail. 2 weeks later, still no checks. I call up UWCU and they said that checks hadn't been ordered for my account at all. Just another example of this branch's incompetency.][Edit 2: After calling UWCU's customer service line, Jim was able to sort out the check issue and offered me the checks for free due to the mix up. I'm glad the rest of UWCU is not as bad as this branch.]Other things I do not like about UWCU: They charge a fee to transfer money to external accounts. I have accounts at two other credit unions that do not do that. Also, I still have not received my checks.
2	Super rude tellers!I tagged along earlier while my friend and her kid while they made a car payment. I had to deposit a check from one of my tenants anyhow, so it worked for me.They went through the drive through initially, but just as my friend pulled up and started talking to the teller her two year old started screaming. Not exactly able to balance quieting the kid with filling out the deposit form and talking to the teller, she ended up pulling around to the front to go inside.The kid is consoled, but what do we hear when walking inside? The drive through teller is talking smack about my friend to one of the other workers. Something about how it was "so rude" for her to pull away before finishing the transaction. Excuse us for having a kid with us who can't time her outbursts more conveniently.That's awkward....And it's all completely out of line. Seriously, Customer Service 101: Don't put down your customers when there's a non-zero chance that they could be standing right behind you.Two stars for this location. I love UWCU, and I've had other, better experiences here in the past, but that comment in a semi-public area is really poor customer service and is pretty inexcusable.
