5	4.5 stars, but I am going to round up...Here's the reality...its still a car dealership...it still has a bit of cheese-factor. But I have to tell you, there's no place I would rather take my car or trust my car to be serviced responsibly and with a reasonable price-tag; or at least a price-tag-pill that I can swallow.I have had my little Volvo for 7+ years. It has 85k miles and outside of tires, breaks and the regular tune-up, my little car is maintenance free (I just knocked on my wood desk as I type this...knock...knock...knock...knock...). But seriously, it has been a joy. And, when I need work done, my service advisor, Wendy acts like she cares and remembers me. If she does, remember me that is, I'm a little scared; if she doesn't and she pulls it off when I call; bless her heart, she makes me feel like I'm family.Today as I was waiting for front brakes, they almost sold me a new Volvo. Not yet. My old car is still as good as new...
2	.. And they only get the second star because of the service department. We had two miserable trips to this dealership before we bought our Volvo at another dealership. Sales person was bordering on rude and acted like he was doing us a favor by showing us a car. When it came to the money factor, riiiiiiiidiculous. Hedged and hummed and did the 'manager' dance to the point of illness. Just not worth it. We don't begrudge them making money but we weren't willing to pay more for the car than our research suggested it was worth. And they were not pleasant to deal with. We have the car serviced there because of the convenience of their location [which makes me grimmace] and its been just the opposite experience. Competent and polite.
5	We leased our Volvo here from Licia 3 years ago (fantastic experience compared with our other car buying endeavors).  Now that my lease is almost up, I've been looking for a car to replace it and also considered buying my existing car.When I called Licia to ask her opinion, she was extraordinarily helpful and actually suggested I not buy or lease a new car from her since buying my car outright made a lot more sense.  Then she transferred me to Judd in servicing to explain the warranty I would be getting from the other company so I could make an informed decision.If Licia, Judd and Powell Volvo are the standard, the rest of the Phoenix dealerships need a wakeup call.
3	Being a car dealership, the prices are high (it's a friggin' Volvo dealership, after all) for service and maintenance, but the service and customer attention you get here is excellent. Ask for Jud whenever you go to get a service appointment. This dude is happy-go-lucky 24/7 and genuinely loves helping you out. He reminds me of the Chotchkie's guy from Office Space (that's a good thing) and looks eerily similar minus the glasses. While you're waiting to get a fix-up, they have free danishes and muffins (score!) and coffee. Skip the coffee vending machine and go for the straight java. Plus, there's free shuttle service, which can certainly come in handy when they find 8,000 problems with your car (again, it is a dealership). I took away a star for the time I was there for four hours getting a major service check-up and the TV was tuned to FOX News the whole time. Let's fix that guys.
5	We enjoyed our car buying experience at Powell Volvo. We started out looking at a XC 90 with Licia. She was a very informative about the vehicle, laid back, and fun to be with. She encouraged us to push the vehicle and test out the safety features. Licia devoted as much time as we needed and was super to work with. After a near mid life crisis, my BF decided that he "needs" a hard top convertible instead of an SUV. We went back and looked at the C70 and decided that was the car for us. We also took advantage of the Overseas delivery, aka, free trip to Sweden and considerable savings on the car. There is a whole other pricing for vehicles you pick up in Sweden and it really is a free trip. No negotiation needed, prices are there in print. Josh handles all of the Overseas delivery. Licia smoothly transitioned us to Josh, who efficiently handled our sale and coordinated our trip. The service department is great. They try to give you an identical loaner when you leave your car and they take pride in their work. When we do return to the dealership, we are always greeted by name and Licia is always there with a smile!
3	Only cause time is money got an oil change and back brakes took over 3 hrs and you don't even get a complementary car. Also the service guy easily put 20 miles on my car what gives I also seen him driving it like it was stolen unsure if I will return. 1 last thing when you go in the know one who works here drives a Volvo mostly Honda's what's up with that.
4	First off, I purchased my XC-60 through the military sales program, my dealer was in the UK. My delivery was originally set for Powell Volvo, but wouldn't you know it they closed and Volvo of Tempe rose from their ashes. Volvo of Tempe got on the horn and had an agreement with Military Sales Division of Volvo in a few days and my XC-60 was delivered to the dealer. When contacted to pickup my Volvo, I was treated with great respect even though the purchase was not through their dealership. I have been to both Volvo dealerships in the Valley and by far I am much happier with Volvo of Tempe sales and service department. They really have been champions!! Check out their new location, and check out their huge inventory of Volvos. Oh, all you Vets out there stop by and say "howdy" to JP a Navy vet himself and great guy extraordinar.
5	Incredibly impressed with Volvo of Tempe's service department! They reply to email and phone calls very quickly. I brought my car here after getting an insanely high estimate from another dealership in the Valley. I made an appt. on a Friday afternoon, had my car in first thing Saturday morning, and got a call it was ready within 2 hours. Unheard of with the dealership I've used in the past. BEST OF ALL...the did the needed repairs for 48% LESS than the other dealership quoted. Thanks Brian & Judd!
2	Very disrespectful service writer.  Had to call the store manager to request another service writer to finish repairs to my volvo.  Repairs completed and car runs good.  However given the poor attitude from that service writer, I will not be going back.
4	Service:  GreatSales:  Good as it getsFinance:  Very easy to deal with, they even beat my bank on rate which saved enough to cover the extended warranty.Since moving to AZ from VA I have serviced my C30 here.  Tires, alignment, brakes and more.  Jeff from service is who I deal with and he has always been great.  Recently traded out of my C30 into an XC70 and the buying experience was great.  It was painless relatively speaking.  Keep in mind negotiating a car deal and finance is always a process but they were very fair and patient with me.  Can't comment on discounts and deals because after all a "good deal" is in the eye of the beholder and I'm very happy with my new XC70.
2	I was not happy with the service department.  Service writer had a poor attitude towards helping me.  Repair work was done well and on budget but it is sad how a greeter can sour you on the whole place.
5	My car needed to be serviced urgently and service fit me right in the next morning. The problem was immediately diagnosed and addressed. Every time I have visited I have always had a pleasant experience. Also Judd is so helpful and outgoing and always has a smile!
5	I own 4 Volvo from a 79 244 to a 2001 T5 V70, so this is coming from a VOLVO Lover. Talk about service as soon as I pulled up a young man asked if I would like a water or soda while I waited. The second person I met was old timer Mike who struck up a convo with me as if he knew me for years! Now the best for last is Jud, not only did they fix my software but when he ran my Vin he found a recall and had them fix it on the spot. To top it all off they washed my car before bringing it back! I will come back to Volvo of Tempe for now on! Thank you to Jud and his team at Volvo
2	SERVICE REVIEW ONLY: Hmmm...I'm a bit peeved to read all the other great reviews of this place and both times I have been here...for an OIL CHANGE...have resulted in 2 hour visits. Both times I had an appointment. I setup an appointment last week via their website and Robert replied quickly and we setup a 1pm time for the day I requested. Upon arrival, they had no record of my appointment but seemed okay to work me in. I wasn't offered any water like other's experienced but I knew where it was at from the last time since I was there two hours, and became REAL familiar with the waiting area. I received the wifi password from the woman at the front and I settled in. I honestly thought the last time was a fluke and hoped they could have me in and out since I had some place to be. Luckily I had my iPad with me this time and was able to browse the internet and generally entertain myself. The waiting area is nice enough though and they have a case full of unlimited cold water and granola bars and other snacks to hold you over. Unfortunately when I got bored, the only thing on the TV was a soap opera...with no remote to turn the channel. Talk about torture. It was about that time that I realized that I had been there an hour and a half!! At 2:30 I walked over to the front and was told my car was done and that it was being washed. Fine. It needed to be washed and since I waited this long, I might as well get it for free (though I'm pretty sure they get their money with a $50 oil change). I sat back down and another 20 minutes go by. I walk up to the front and see my car sitting in the parking lot. I walk out thinking it's ready and realize that it's IN LINE for the car wash. At that point I'm really irritated and tell them that I want my car and to skip the wash. They promptly pull it over and I go into pay. I'm pretty sure they could tell I was irritated and tried to make excuses for the long delay by telling me that I arrived 'around the lunch hour and some people were gone'. Are you kidding me?? Do you have one person working back there? Who's managing this place?! My service advisor comes around about that time and gives me my bill and tells me that I'll need new tires on my next visit. Thanks! I explain to him my dissatisfaction and he tells me that the 'car wash area needs some definite improvement'. You think? Because I'd say so! Luckily I had a $10 off coupon from their website but I'm still peeved to pay for dealer services and not get the service that goes along with it. I'm familiar with the car business and their bonuses. You'd think they'd be bending over backwards to get great surveys. I definitely won't be returning to this dealership again. The only reason it gets two stars is because of the snacks in the waiting room and the ease of making an appointment.
1	So I received a call today from the service manager at Volvo of Tempe regarding my recent survey I had filled out. I stated in the survey exactly what I stated here on Yelp. He said this wasn't a call to make excuses for their poor service and he apologized for the poor experience both times visiting the store. He requested that I tell him what happened again, even though I already had written the entire experience in the comments box of the customer survey. I repeated my entire experience again and while apologetic, the only offer he made to correct the poor service was to give me a free car wash! You have got to be kidding me!? The only thing that would have been appropriate here is to offer a free oil change on my next visit. I politely told him no thank you, that the dealer was entirely to far out of my way for a car wash. When he offered his direct phone number if I had any other problems, I told him it wasn't necessary and that I would be taking my business elsewhere. I actually thought they were calling to try and correct their poor customer service. Offering an already included, free service is not making anything right in my book. It seems harsh to give them a one star because they did make an attempt but they still deserve a 'Eek! Methinks Not' over a 'Meh. I've experienced better' rating. I will never return here and given there is only one Volvo dealership in Phoenix, I probably won't be buying another Volvo when my 2008 T5 needs to be replaced. Not only this store, but Volvo, lost a customer today.
4	Bought a car from this dealership and very pleased with the whole experience.  Kim, the salesman was great and I rate him 5 STARS.  He was very laid back and we did not experience any of the high pressure sales tactics like at a lot of the dealers.  We went for a test drive last week without even having our licenses photocopied.  We decided we liked the car, and went back for a more thorough check and another test drive.  We even test drove another model car to compare.  After checking and talking about Kelley Blue Book prices for this used car, we settled on a price within 40 minutes.  The only reason I don't give 5 stars is because after the offer was accepted, it took awhile (2 hours) to finish signing the purchase order, most of which was waiting for the finance manager.  Apparently they were selling a few vehicles that day.  Again, no high pressure to purchase the extended warranty or "gap insurance".  He accepted our first, "no', which was nice.  I would definitely check out this dealership again when I am in the market for another vehicle.
5	Spectacular service. Moved down here from Portland and left a great dealer up there, was extremely impressed with every aspect of their service. Gave me a great courtesy vehicle and treated me with respect and honesty. Would recommend then to any and all Volvo owners or perspective buyers. Just exceptional.
5	I'm reviewing their service department: I've been twice, now, and both times I was very satisfied with how informative and attentive the service reps were to my concerns talked me through the issues occurring with my car. Now, my previous statement is significant because, before my Volvo, I drove a Saab. A Saab!!! As much as I loved that car, my Saab was a fussy, finicky, brat of a car that was always busting my bank account with huuuuge repairs, so I tend to have major anxiety in dealer service lounges. I've been known to froth at the mouth, wring my hands, have anxiety attacks, and generally display all the worst of my neuroses and make a case for myself as world's most miserable person when I deal with service reps. So far, these folks are champions at taming the dragon that is my car-repair-crazy. The service waiting lounge has free, secure, wifi, which means I can actually get some of my work done while waiting, and has snacks (SNACKS!!!!!) and pretty decent, although kind of high tech (which means almost Jennifer-proof... Hey, if it's not Apple, I don't know), but it was good! And, also, while I wait, I can browse and drool over the the new Volvo wagon (what I want to drive when my car grows up).
1	Bought a new Volvo from Volvo of Tempe and the sales portion of things was good. Now the Service Department is the opposite of good. Had an appointment at 2 but didn't get started until 3, minor thing but that meant the rest of the day was shot. Had to get some parts replaced but it turned out that they had ordered the wrong parts, how is that possible I bought the car from you and you have the VIN in your system?Then when we had an insurance claim we wanted to have the repairs done by a "Volvo Authorized Body Shop" which they had a plaque on the wall for, but they refused to meet the industry standard rates as they cost $72 / hr more than that and refused to meet the rates even when Volvo of Phoenix would. I highly recommend you go somewhere else if you want good service!
5	We purchased a used 2011 Volvo C30 two years ago.  I have taken the car in now three times at the recommended service intervals.  The last time I was in, I had a pretty rotten experience with the service advisor, and when I went in this time I was 'armed for bear', expecting another rude confrontation.  Luckily my service advisor was Brandon Bonds.  Brandon was very polite and professional.  He complimented me on the car, and at every step in the process made it seem as if I was the only customer he had that day (not the case, they were very busy).  I got a ride home with Maria, who was a recently hired employee.  She had a great attitude, and I enjoyed our conversation immensely.  To my surprise, when Brandon called to tell me later in the day that the car was ready for pickup, he had Maria pick me up and deliver me back to the dealership.  Now THAT'S service.
5	Yes, this is a car dealership, however, to make a long story short I needed a car.I've had a Volvo in the past and thoroughly loved it.I was totally freaked out about having to go car shopping for the first time without a guy there who knows more about this stuff.  Being a woman I figured they would totally take advantage of me. I knew what I wanted to put down and I knew what I wanted my payments to be.  I don't remember who the sales manager was (I'm sure it's on my paperwork).  Anyway, I fell in love with a gorgeous 2011 C70 which was in my price range.Volvo of Tempe made it work.  It was totally painless and I was on cloud 9 for weeks.I still love my car  and I still think of Volvo of Tempe often and how amazing they are.I'd recommend them to everyone.
5	We just moved to the area and we have 2 Volvos that needed service. I called and Josh made us an appt for the very next day. From the time we drove up until we left every staff member was kind and courteous. Josh was professional and honest. He gave us great recommedations on what to have done now and what could wait. We will be back and we are relieved to have found a great Volvo dealership.
1	Worst car buying experience I ever had! I tried to make it easy by paying sticker price. I just wanted to get a new car (it was used but new to me) and be on my way! I was still there for over 3 hours and when the salesman and I had come to an agreement I was still hassled by the finance department. It only got worse. The car only has 1 key so Will, my salesman,  reassures me he will order me a 2nd key and deliver it to me when it comes in.  I get home and there's no owners manual. I call Will and he tells me he  left it on his desk but promises to bring it to me the following day. Several days later I have to call again and then I finally get it. I'm still waiting on my 2nd key. Two weeks pass and not a word. I call him again. He tells me, it came in but it was the wrong key. Keep in mind that I had to call him to find this out!  I wait a couple more weeks, hear nothing and call again. "Oh, yes it came and I was going to drop it off to you yesterday but I worked late, I'll bring it to you on Thursday " . A week passes, no key, no phone call. I have to call him again. I get a BS story about how he needed to mail it but it came back to him, could I give him my address. You mean the address you have on the paperwork from when I bought the car! I tell him I'll just pick it up! I finally get the key fob today and discover when I get home that it hasn't been cut or programmed so it doesn't work! I'm still waiting to hear back from a manager! Do NOT GO TO VOLVO OF TEMPE! TOTAL NIGHTMARE!
5	This is where I bring my much loved XC70 when she's *really* feeling down.  Lately she's been seriously out of sorts, throwing me lots of side eye, some attitude and codes, more than a couple of check engine codes.But no worries, the experts at Volvo of Tempe know what her moods mean and what I need to do to soothe her bad attitude.  They will run a check engine code for free and give me a detailed repair estimate and they even gave my girl a complimentary bath and vacuum when I took her in to be pampered!I can't always afford the dealer service, but when I do spring for it, it's always going to be with Volvo of Tempe.
5	Update: We just bought a XC90 for our son here. Kim the sales guy was great as always. While we were there we learned that the previous service person and the department manager had left the company. So we gave them another shot with fixing a loose headliner in our 2013 C70. The new service manager was very professional and took great care of the car. It's amazing what a difference good people make. We'll be taking our two Volvo's to Volvo of Tempe for service.
