2	Such a strange place.  It's a big store with tons of guitars, drum kits and sheet music to browse.  It's like walking onto a football field full of instruments.  You could probably grab a $1,000 guitar off the wall and play around with it for an hour without even being noticed.Customer service isn't a sales point during staff training because "friendly" or "informative" aren't words I'd use to describe my experiences here.  They must have local businesses like bars and clubs knocking down their door for stage and sound equipment.  So they can't be bothered with amateur musicians.The staff looks at you like an alien when you walk into the shop.  "You want to buy a guitar and possibly take lessons? What, are you from Mars?"  It's as if they don't make money selling instruments to people.  Maybe they don't!If you ride here, bring your bike into the store and check it at the front since there's no bicycle rack outside.  And be careful crossing over Tyvola from South Boulevard.  The pavement across the train tracks is really choppy and they haven't laid the sidewalk yet..
3	First things first, the drum room here is amazing!  There is a separate room for percussion with every type of drum you could imagine, not to mention, they let you play on all of them with sticks that they provide.  I must have stayed in here for two hours making loops on e drums, beating on drum kits, and handling the hand drums.  There is also plenty to love in the rest of the store with amplifiers to test out and guitars galore.  I recommend this place to any music lover young and old alike.
3	This place has been many music stores, and unfortunately, Sam Ash is the latest and not-so-greatest.The building itself is huge, and there is a section dedicated to every type of instrument or noise-making tool: drums, guitars, pianos/keyboards, other stringed instruments, etc.Mars Music occupied the store formerly, and I really enjoyed that store. The selection was great (I mainly stick to the guitar areas) and the service was helpful and attentive without being annoying.Fast-forward to Sam Ash...it just seems more of a Wal-Mart now. Everything is still in the same location, but just seems a bit on the lighter side.The dedicated acoustic guitar room is nice, even though the quality of instruments isn't what it used to be. There are still some nice models in there though, and the counter service in there is probably the best in the store.For me, Sam Ash is a nice place to actually put your hands on an instrument, or similar instrument, but for high-end stuff, I've found their selection to be a bit lacking.
1	Customer service here is deplorable. I usually go in there to get stuff for my club every few weeks. I usually visit three different departments and have to jump up and down to get noticed. Everything I've ever needed from the drum room has to be special ordered, and interestingly enough is actually 10% more expensive than some of Sam's competitors.Just the other day I went in to get a replacement bulb for a can. It was on a shelf 12 feet up, and no one was around to help, so I had to creatively get it down so I could actually buy it.A few months back I took a bass in to have some work. They gave me the usual repair slip and told me it should be done in 7-10 days. That passed, I tried calling, never got anywhere, it took a month for them to fix a strap lock.With the decline of the mom and pop music store and the necessity of needing things now, unfortunately this poorly run store gets my business by default. If they're looking for me to say good things, I'll do it as soon as the customer services begins to exist.
4	We purchased our PA here as well as several guitars and amps.  They gave us a great deal on the PA and the person that helped us knew his stuff!
3	Whoa, look at all those drums! The space really opens up as soon as you walk in the drum department. They even have a lamp rotating different colors on their mountain of drum sets...gives off the concert feel, I guess. If you are into drums, you can be set free to play on every set they have as long as it's 5 minutes if others are waiting, which when I went there wasn't anyone around so my husband could play to his heart's content. There are lots of bongos and other instruments too so if your kid is at that age that he or she needs to pick an instrument, take them here to have them try them all out. Seriously, it's better than a hands on museum!!I also checked out the violin section. Decent prices, especially if you are shopping for a used one. Like others mentioned, customer service is lacking. I spent the first 30 minutes hanging out without any acknowledgement, however, when all you want to do is play, you don't need anyone interrupting. Others said their stuff is more expensive than competitors, but they have signs all over the place saying, "The guaranteed lowest price!" Also, they may have concerts or something every once and a while since the middle of the showroom has a giant stage with rows of seats facing it.
4	Guys in the guitar shop were very helpful for a beginner.
4	Not been to a lot of music stores but I love the selection they have and like the folks working here - most are very friendly and explain everything in detail. Andy in the guitar shop is very friendly too (in spite of always being overloaded) and does a good job with the guitar setups - sometime you need to take it back twice if it isn't set up right but he turns it around in a day so it's OK. And I especially love their 2 year setup plan for about $35 when you purchase a guitar which is a great bargain since you get 8 setups over 2 years - each valued around $30! And you can keep extending the plan every 2 years.Other departments are very good too, and it's nice to be able to go play an instrument in the store even if you end up buying it online on their website. And they guarantee lowest price too!
1	Most workers seemed friendly but I got the one guy with a bad attitude. He gave me a very hard time about returning an item that was within the guidelines of the return policy. He gave me lots of attitude and I remained polite through the whole experience. When he gave me my money back he literally slapped it into my hands with the coins scattering onto the counter and stormed off.  I realize this is probably just his day job while his recording career is taking off (sarcasm), but there is no excuse for the attitude.  The return item was around $60 and we would have spent over $400 on road cases that we saw while we were there, but after that experience, I refuse to shop there.  Protip for Sam Ash: If you're going to refund someone's money, be friendly about it and keep their business.  Heads up to shoppers, most items fall under their 15% restocking fee policy,
4	We have purchased quite a bit of musical equipment and instruments from this location, and they always do a good job. Sometimes I feel a bit out of my league when employees start talking shop, but even still, they manage to help me get what I need.Recently purchased $99 in-ear headphones and it was a no-fuss deal. They have a decent selection of keyboards, low end to high end, and didn't sneer when I bought a less expensive model. Guys in the guitar department are great, and helped the Mr with a new bass guitar purchase. I prefer Sam Ash to the large competitor, and recommend it to friends looking to make a music-related purchase.Oh, they also offer a music teacher discount, which I've used and has come in super handy, especially with expensive instruments.
4	I have been shopping here for years.Martin in the guitar dept is awesome!He has treated me like a good long time costumer should be treated!All though I do miss the smaller local guys I think this outfit does a great job overall.
1	I agree with other people about the customer service. I've been here a few times and the employees act like you're bothering them. On my most recent visit the guy in the Acoustic guitar section didn't even acknowledge my presence. The acoustics are in a big room that's closed off from the rest of the store. When someone walks in you know it. I asked to see a mandolin that was in the case. He walked over and said "It's open" with an annoyed tone and handed it to me. Excuse me for assuming that I should ask before just reaching in a closed case with expensive instruments. I figured they're in a case for a reason.I also had a situation where one guy told me he would restring my guitar for free if I bought the strings. I bought strings and he restrung and tuned my guitar. Nice! I came back and the other guy said they don't do that and NEVER have. I was so confused! I don't mind paying but he made me feel like I was a liar and trying to get over on him. I took it to Guitar Center on the other side of town.I recently went on vacation in Nashville and went to the Sam Ash there. Night and day difference! Everyone was so friendly, informed and helpful. You can tell they actually love music and are passionate about their jobs. I like this store but wish the employees would act like they give a damn. Even if you don't like your job - be happy you're working period! If you hate it so much that you treat customers like crap you seriously need to find another place to work!
4	Today I went into Sam Ash looking for a guitar string to be restrung into my guitar and the man working the acoustic guitar section was just GREAT!! He did the entire thing for free, new string and all. I really think that would be a one time thing but his customer service was beyond compare. I'm sorry for the other people who have had a bad experience there, hopefully more employees like the gentleman who assisted me today will pop up.
4	My husband is a professional Bass player and he gets everything he needs from Sam Ash. Today, we traveled 2 hours (from Asheville NC) to come here. We like this place! Decent customer service and they are willing to match prices!
5	Updating my previous review.It seems like Sam Ash has paid attention to these reviews. My last few times have been nothing but amazing. Total day and night experience. The employees were helpful and smiling. This is now one of my favorite places to shop.
5	its like every musicians heaven. My son and I walked in here to check it out, and never wanted to leave!!  The place is fantastic, and all the employees are super nice, and very knowledgeable.
