5	The gentlemen at the Tire Factory are true gentlemen. I had a problem and they solved it..I needed 4 new tires immediately for my car. The tires, though no exotic are not necessarily easy to find and I braced myself for the bill. They got the tires right away and the cost was really reasonable. The service was impeccable and I went from, Great no car at 8am to driving myself to lunch by noon. Chandler Tire Factory is locally owned, the owner is a great guy and though I'm not slashing my own tires to go back, I highly recommend them.
5	Stright up & honest!!!!! After I took my vehicle to other shoe makers that were not qualified to work on a Big Wheel I found this place. The gentlemen in this establishment don't play around, absolutely flawless work at half the price of any other shop in town!!!! If you read my other reviews you will see places to stay away from.
5	Had two rims that were damaged and needed to be replaced. I had purchased the rims online and wanted original tires remounted and balanced. I called Saturday morning, and was told to bring it in. The price quote and work done was excellent. I will definitely be using this company in the future.
5	Brett, the owner & his staff are always Professional and courteous and have worked on my Jag and my Chevy. The mechanics all do great work.  They also have no problems with taking me to work and picking me up. IT is a great place to take your car and their prices are very low.  Brett is very honest and treats his staff well - his father even helps out!
5	Absolutely the best place for car repair in Chandler!! This shop is honest and ethical! They are also very friendly and priced competitively. They worked on my car for over 5 hours and put $300 worth of parts in it, but when they found that it couldn't be repaired, they didn't charge me a dime! I have been back several times since! They are always easy to get in to, and easy to work with. I highly recommend them to everyone. They won a life long customer in me!!
5	The team at Chandler Auto & Tire is by far the best auto shop I have ever worked with. They're honest people that can help protect you from some of the others shops out there that are trying to rip you off. Their prices are competitive and you can trust what they're telling you. If you're in search of a great auto shop, search no further than Chandler Auto & Tire.
5	I broke down in Dateland, Arizona on a hot Sunday night at 9:30 pm. Brett White drove out to Dateland and helped me get my truck to his shop. It was a six hour round trip. The towing bill I got was very reasonable. Brett then proceeded to fix my problem the next day at a very fair price. I can.t recommend these guys more highly. Honest, fast and fair. Chandler Auto and Tire is a Five Star outfit!!!
5	It is so hard to find a good mechanic that will not just try to take your money for nothing. This place is fantastic!  I was told somewhere else that I needed a tire alignment and instead of just selling me on it they told me or want necessary. I was in and out so fatty. No unnecessary waiting. I would recommend this place to anyone who will listen. BEST MECHANIC EVER!
