4	Probably one of the best Subways I have ever been to. The shop is very big, comparatively, they have two sandwich making lines, awesome for when it's busy, and they have flat screen TVs which are great for when I am on my lunch break and want to catch up on the world happenings. Very clean and the staff is friendly and make a great sandwich!
5	This is my favorite subway so far, it has two separate sections and even though it gets pretty busy everything flows pretty quickly.This location has free Wi-fi and Ethernet connections with nearby outlets; making it great for people on the go.
5	I like this location because their employees are always friendly and their service is top notch! The store is always clean, usually busy, and they also have so much to offer as far as food selections and good deals.Also, they have free wi-fi and ethernet, so if you have your laptop or smartphone, you can use their service. They also have tv so you can tune into whatever channel they have it on. I recommend this location whenever you're in this part of town.
1	No changing table in the restroom? What?! I had to lay my baby down on the disgusting bathroom floor and change her diaper. What else was I supposed to do? Change her diaper in the dining room with everyone watching? It was during the busy lunch time rush, I was with my in laws, they parked the car way too far away and we had just gotten back from driving home from Tortilla Flats- it was the floor or wait another hour until we got back home. I had no choice but to kneel down on the floor and change her diaper on the ground. I was so thoroughly disgusted, I didn't even eat my lunch. The salad looked good, my husband loved his sandwich, my in laws were pleased with their food. Service was good, the employees were cheerful and respectful, it had the outward appearance of being a quality store- everything else was good.... except for the glaring fact that there is NO CHANGING TABLE FOR BABIES IN THE RESTROOM! Am I seriously the first person to ever walk through those doors with a young child still in diapers? I think not. That means other mothers have had to do what I did; Lay their child down on the DISGUSTING BATHROOM FLOOR and CHANGE THEIR DIAPER ON THE GROUND. This is beyond unacceptable.
1	Weird that I have to be the first dissenting review.  I thought the service here was HORRIBLE.  They were aloof, not very helpful and certainly not customer service oriented.We go to Subway often as sandwiches happen to be my three children's favorite food.The two younger ones ALWAYS order a kids pack.  They usually get a choice of chips or 2 cookies with their meal.  This location would only give one cookie.  Even after I explained that is not usually the case or that the price would not make sense they refused.  Whatever!  I know where we will not be stopping regularly.
