4	this is not in the mall dq a real road side flash back
1	When you're on a burn through Arizona on your way to Scottsdale,  You may get a hankering for an icy treat! Look no further than the ho-dunk, stand-alone Dairy Queen in fabulous Gila Bend!Cozy up to the locals, hell they don't bite.. They don't have teeth! And don't let their grizzly appearances fool ya; sweetest people west of the Mississippi.No, but really..I highly recommend getting whatever the hell you need and GTFO. Maybe take a picture of the interior for laughs...
5	Driving to Peoria, Arizona to join some friends and watch some Padres spring training baseball.  We drove through a little town named Gila Bend.  Gila Bend can best be described as one of the towns where you fill your gas tank and grab a bite to eat.  It's not actually a destination where people plan to go but a place that is on the path to where you are really going.In Gila Bend, they have a few motels and a MickeyD's.  The bright spot of the whole place is a Dairy Queen right on the main road.  Driving to Arizona we needed to find a place we could go to the bathroom, a place where we could have our dogs go to the bathroom and a place where we could get something to eat on the road.  Dairy Queen was the answer.This particular Dairy Queen had public restrooms on the outside.  I was very surprised that the restrooms weren't locked like most places.  I even went inside to ask for a "key".  The employees inside nicely said that there was no key.  To top that off, the men's restroom was clean- woo hoo!  I don't have to tell you how restrooms like these usaully are.  So it was a big relief.  There was also plenty of dirt parking lot for my dogs to do there thing. After that we went through the drive through.  I ordered a oreo cookie blizzard that was the bomb.  My wife ordered a ice cream sandwich, a corn dog and fries with a coke.  My wife gave me some of her fries and they were so good.  I laughed because my wife started with the ice cream sandwich first.We liked it so much that on the way home a few days later.  We went to Dairy Queen again.  This time I ordered a double cheese burger, onion rings and a coke.  My wife ordered the same thing she ordered last time.  Again she ate the ice cream sandwich first, lol.I have to say that the double cheese burger was the best I have eaten in a long while and the onion rings were especially good.  Didn't expect the food to be this good but it was.  If you are in Gila Bend, pass on MickeyD's and get some Dairy Queen.Funny side note, the service is really good.  The girls that work there are very nice.  The first trip, I wanted to tip the drive thru girl but I didn't have any cash on hand so I tipped her with a hand full of change.  On the way back, the same girl was at the drive thru.  I asked if she remembered me.  At first she said "no" but when I mentioned the change she remembered and laughed.  I ended tipping her three dollars.  The prices are cheap.  The food is awesome.  The service is good.  I don't usually sing the praises of fast food joints but this place is different.  If you are driving through Gila Bend, Dairy Queen is the answer.
5	Unless you live under a rock or was raised in a strange family cult you've probably eaten at one of these or one pretty darn close to it. Ice cream shop's gonna ice cream!
4	Love the reese mint blizzards, if ya try it you'll be a fan also.
1	Nooooo!!! My wife and I have been coming here for 3 years in a row to get the bomb milkshakes and ice cream sandwiches. Super clean bathrooms and an area to walk our dogs. Year four and now they are no more.R.I.P Dairy Queen in Gila Bend. You guys were a bright spot driving to Peoria.
