5	This store is exactly what I was looking for!!! New to the town and has everything well priced with a huge selection of stuff.Also has a great product line from BlackMarket Labs. If you haven't tried there Pre workout then your should. cant find it online ether. Thanks for opening locally to me this is awesome.
5	Best nutrition store around. The owner was very helpful and did not try to talk me into anything I did not need. I am glad I came across this store and I will definitely be back soon!!!!
5	The owner is extremely nice and accommodating and offered to get any product I needed even if he didn't have it in store.  He is very knowledgable and happy to give recommendations as well.  The prices can't be beat and he even offered to price match!  Won't shop anywhere else for my health products!  Not to mention you're supporting local businesses!
4	This is the best store that I have purchased supplements at.  The prices are without a doubt the best I have seen and I receive my product in San Diego within 48 hours.The owner definitely knows the products and they always have everything I need in stock.I highly recommend DS Sports Nutrition and have been a customer since I found them.
5	Because DS Sports is located right in the middle of Scottsdale, I was a little hesitant to believe they would have reasonable prices. However, I was pleasently surprised by the cost of their products and the service I recieved when I decided to stop in. I needed quite a few things and had done my fair share of researching prices and products online before I decided to check a local nutrition shop.I found the preworkout formula I was interested in for HALF of what it was listed at online. It also beat the special sales that musclebuilder.com had going on at the time and I didn't have to pay for shipping. He had a plethora of protein powders to chose from and even suggested one of the cheaper brands (this is not common for nutirition shop business owners). Futhermore, there were two products, PB2(powdered peanut butter) and power-crunch, that I've seen being sold at walmart... I've never seen an instore shop BEAT walmart prices. I told him I was consdering a fat-burner supplement and he gave me a couple samples. I can assure you I will be returning to purchase one of the brands he recommened. I will ALSO be returning for the quest bars as he had all 19 flavors.Unbeatable prices- great service. Thanks!
5	This is the best place EVERRRRRR for supplements -- So happy I found it.  It's like the hidden gem of nutrition shops.  Cheaper then Vitamin Shoppe & One Stop Nutrition.  The owner is phenomenal, so helpful. Highly recommend stopping in, you won't be disappointed you did! He mostly does all internet based sales, but it's open for anyone to come in and purchase!
5	great place, cheap stuff!! Yelp keeps taking down my excellent review of this place
5	This is a hidden gem that really shouldn't be hidden. Very knowledgeable owner, prices can't be beat, and has everything to meet all of your needs.
5	This place is a great find! We buy all of our supplements here the prices are great, and the owner/manager is always very helpful. At other supplement shops I tend to get the "broscience" feel when I need something, but here I feel like they are genuinely interested in helping me find the best product for what I am trying to accomplish. Also, we bought a container of whey that didn't taste/digest well, they exchanged it out no questions asked.
5	This place is fantastic! I'm a supplement novice and the friendly staff has helped me get started step by step. Always willing to give advice and personalized attention. Just recently I walked in with my half-used tub of concentrated preworkout because I was concerned the powder was starting to look funky. They explained it was due to moisture getting in the container and switched it out for a brand new one with zero hassle. They also advised I keep the new tub in the freezer to avoid this happening again. They definitely understand how adhering to the fundamentals of business ethics and great customer service result in repeat customers. I'm impressed.
5	By far the best prices I have been able to find.  The owner is knowledgable, willing to special order and does not pressure to buy anything.  I would highly recommend this LOCALLY OWNED nutrition store!!
5	The owner is very knowledgable and his prices can't be beat! Gives great advice when you ask him. I'm confident I will not go anywhere else for all my supplement needs.
5	Prices can't be beat, this place is amazing.
