4	Not too bad for airport food.  Of course its not no full service restaurant but the Enchiladas I had weren't too bad.The tortillas didn't seem dry and it wasn't drenched with too much sauce.  I was able to eat the entire thing off the plate, but I wasn't too sure if it was because I was feeling slightly buzzed from the drinks I had before we took the cab to the airport.My friend ordered a chicken quesadilla...Yeah never having that.  It looked like all shreded chicken with no cheese....HMMM delicious NOT.
4	When you're nursing a hangover and dreading the security lines, this isn't a bad place to go and get mentally prepared for the ensuing chaos.  Located right before you get to any of the security checks.  I had their meat and carb filled Don's skillet, which was chili beans smothered with peppers, eggs, cheese, and potatoes.  It hit the spot and better yet, it killed any temptation to order any of the food on the plane.  Service was quick and pleasant.
3	Along the way to the security checkpoints, most travelers to McCarran Airport will almost always pass by this little Mexican gem of a restaurant.  Its usually the one with the most people during rush hour and hard to miss with its Texan / Southwest rustic exterior.Service is usually quick to greet and seat, even though there may be a small wait time of 5-10 minutes.  Seating is vast but the one to two person tables far outweigh the group sized ones, understandably because its a stop for most travelers on the go.When considering that most airport food is typically bland and overpriced, at least the food here is relatively edible, if not good on a hungry day.  A lot of Tex-Mex goodies are here from enchiladas, flautas, various burritos, quesadilla appetizers and a sauced up juevos rancheros.  Unfortunately, that's about as deep as the menu goes and variety doesn't seem to be their strong point.  Prices can get a little steep when considering a small order of taquitos can run one as much as $9.In the end, when considering the alternative fast food joints that exist in virtually all major airports, this place is not a bad place to settle for the mid-afternoon meal.  Tex-Mex snobs should stay away or go with the flow here.
1	The first two times I saw Alejandro's at McCarran Airport, I was in a hurry to catch my flight.  I did notice a line for this place both times, and the aroma was good.  Later in CA, I check Yelp for reviews and they were not stellar for a place that always seemed packed.   Finally, I got enough time to try their food and I have to agree with the lower grade tone of the reviews. It's not as good as it smelled or looked.   I was never served chips and salsa during my whole visit. The fajitas was salty like it was cooked in sea water.  It's sad to say that places like Chili's, Friday's or Applebee's got better fajitas than this place when every from the waitress's and the cooks were immigrant Hispanic.  Only three lousy tortillas came with the order and the steak was tough on the molars.  To make matters worse there was a hair in the salsa.  The whole experience made me wander why this place even had a line of customers the first two times I seen this place because the food was disappointing.  I guess being one of the first restaurants as you entered the airport help create the allure, furthered along by having their open grill aroma seep into the airport walkways.  Not many airport establishments can boast of having an open grill that lets their aroma go into the walkways.   Generally, mall foodcourt quality comes to mind when considering airport eateries.  Skip this place, don't let the aroma or lines of gringo's fool you.  Try the Jose Cuervo Taquilera instead.  They got more refreshing food than this place.  I am deducting another star for having a hair in my salsa, not being served any chips.
3	Hello, Yelp! I am posting from the McCarran Airport, courtesy of their free wi-fi. My friend's flight got delayed, so after getting my luggage from baggage claim, I wandered upstairs to see what food choices I had. Unfortunately, the food choices are dismal since I can't visit other parts of the airport without going through the security checkpoints. So if you are here, your choices are Starbucks, Big Al's Chicago Deli, and Track Bar and Grill (which had Budweiser emblazoned all over it and has a NASCAR theme going on). I stepped into Don Alejandro's because initially I thought it was a sit down area for the Chicago Deli. However, at that point I had just flown in from BWI and I didn't eat since 11am and it was now 3pm (6pm EST). The restaurant wasn't busy when I arrived, and the place looked clean. There is an issue with their ventilation, as there is a charred (not the good smelling grilled smell but the bad burnt kind) smell that permeated into the dining area during my hour there. Staff is quick to greet and seat patrons. They have a limited faux pas Tex-Mex menu. There's taco salad, tacos, enchiladas, etc but there is also burgers, fish 'n chips, caesar salad, and croissant tuna salad. I was fearful of getting the shits from eating the Tex Mex food, so I ordered their Lone Star Burger, which is just a hamburger served with lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, and your choice of french fries or cole slaw. This is priced at $8.99. It costs extra for cheese. I also ordered iced tea, which was $2.99. The burger comes out in a basket, and the fixings are separate so if you don't like tomatoes you don't have to pick it out of your burger. It comes with a side of mayo and there's mustard and ketchup at the table. For a well-done burger, it wasn't bad. The fries were really good, too. They're the shoestring fries like McDonald's but fried a bit crispier. My server was very nice and didn't intrude too much. Given the food choices here, it wasn't a bad experience. Not great but not horrible, either.With tax it came to $12.95 and the receipt has a tip suggestion at the bottom at 15/18/20%. Keep in mind that if you are a party of 8 or greater, an automatic 20% gratuity will be applied to the bill.
2	The options inside the terminal are much better -- options outside the terminals are terminally mediocre at best.
1	This is for breakfast only. The lunch looks good. I got a Denver omlet. A little pricey at almost $12 for the omlet, biscut and McDonald's type deep fried hash browns. So salty I could only eat a little and leave. Won't eat here again for breakfast. Maybe lunch is better.
1	I wish I had looked this up on yelp!! It's fairly terrible.
1	I don't typically post reviews on Yelp however this meal was so bad I decided to go out of my way to post a warning to others out there who may be contemplating this restaurant. I had a 2 enchilada combo, my husband had a burrito and we also ordered chips, salsa & guacamole with 1 soda. Our total was $32.00 for the meal and we both agreed the food did not taste good nor did it sit right in our stomachs on our flight home. While this was a convenient and quick meal spot, I wouldn't recommend eating there if you dont have to.
1	I suspect anybody who eats here does so because of the limited places to eat outside the security check at the airport.  This was the worst restaurant we have ever eaten at.  The fish and chips consisted of greasy breading that enclosed very small pieces of fish that were overcooked.  Chips were not even French fries much less English chips but potato chips and these were half wet and half stale.  I assume all of them were very stale and that somebody with very wet hands put them on the plate.  It was all inedible.  My wife had a stale tuna croissant.  She also received stale potato chips with half of them wet.  This is a restaurant that can't even serve stale potato chips without making them worse.  Total waste of money and inedible.  Deserves a zero, not a one.
2	Breakfast is greasy. But, the Chicken Smoker is solid, if not spectacular, airport food.
1	Don Alejandro's used to barely qualify for a 3-star, A-OK type of place to eat in the McCarran Airport when it was a sit-down place with servers to take your orders.  Looks like sometime in the past year, they have ditched their slow service in favor of a fast-food style ordering system, with the menu printing above the cash register and a drink fountain for your sodas.  On this recent trip there, the food was not good at all, and they also took a long time to figure out how to enter my order at the cash register, after fumbling around with it.  When they finally entered it correclty, they charged me for two orders, and then took another 10 minutes or so to sort it all out.  People in line behind me were very upset.  My recommendation here is to not touch this place with a ten-foot pole.  It's gone seriously downhill, from a barely acceptable restaurant.  Prices are in the $10 to $12 range for a sandwich, with sub-par fast-food quality.  I would rather just eat at a major fastt-food place.  Avoid at all costs!
1	Its not quite mexican and not quite Tex Mex. What it is, is cheap quality and ground beef in everything. Terrible lack of flavor, and deep frying galore. Rice and beans are bland, salads are just iceberg chopped lettuce. Vegas airport is yet to add descent food.
1	How can mess up on an omelette and potatoes?  This place has awful food.  My friends and I were starving and of course turned into the first food place we could find at the airport.  What a bust.  They completely forgot my friend's order, we waited a good while for our food even though there weren't many people in the place and the food was just gross.  I ordered the denver omelette and it came with some potatoes and a biscuit.  I'm usually a huge fan of biscuits but not these ones.  Everytime I tried to put butter on it, it completely fell apart.  The potatoes had a funky taste and smell to it and the omelette (the most decent part of the meal) was meh.  Not even the huge amounts of tapatio I poured onto it could save it from mediocrity.
1	MUST to avoid. Confusing system, indifferent service, sloooooow, bland food.
1	I'm trying to find a way to give less than one star.  If Gordon Ramsey ever ate at this place, he'd take a blow torch to it after firing everybody.  I've had better food in dumpsters....outside Taco Bell.   Seriously, I don't expect fast food at an airport to rival something served on the Iron Chef, but do these people have any pride in what they serve at all?  The employees taking the orders can't follow simple directions (like no cheese), and they aren't in the greatest mood, perhaps because they have to eat the food there.  Next time I'm at McCarran airport I will look anywhere else.
1	THIEVES! Do not pay with a credit card here! My co-worker and I ate here one day, and her husband the day before, and ALL THREE of our credit card numbers were stolen and fraudulently used. This restaurant was the only common denominator between the three of us. Unbelievable.
2	Being my first trip to Vegas and this being my first food experience... Well it can only get better.Prices are typical 10-13 for a burger and fries, BUT it does not come with a drink. They gouge you $4 for a bottle of water!  Bottled juice is cheaper.As for the food itself, not great, typical frozen burger patty, seasoned greasy curly fries and crummy veggies to to your burger.  Want a beer?  It'll run you 8 bucks for a bottle of Bud!
2	Just as the rating prompt says, 'Meh. I've experienced better.'There isn't a lot of choice for a sit-down meal outside of the terminals at the airport, so I'm guessing that's the only reason why this place gets so much business. The prices were higher than I'd expect too, even if the food were better. If you're flying out, I'd recommend trying one of the restaurants near the gates in the terminals. If you're coming in, wait until you get to the city or your hotel and eat something around there. If you're that hungry, this place is no more than a band-aid on a bullet wound. A small band-aid.
1	We had a long wait at the airport. This was the only available option outside the security gate. So we did try it. The food was ok. I would have given it more stars if it wasn't for the extra $2,70 I was charged for more salsa for my nachos I ordered in addition to the burrito I had. Total damage this day (2 Persons) $32.
1	I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy. It would only be worse if I get explosive diarrhea on the airplane , in which case I might reconsider recommending it to my worst enemy.
2	This dining experience happened about 5 years ago so its important to keep that in mind when reading this review. As I read the other reviews it looks like nothing has changed. Here is my story: I had some time to kill so I ordered a steak and eggs. I asked for the steak to be cooked medium well. They brought me out a rare, bleeding steak. I asked the waitress if they could fix the issue. The cook, obviously irritated by my request, cooked my steak until it was black, burnt, and tough. I choked down the steak because I was starving. I paid my bill and walked out, never to return again. The place is at a very busy airport so it will always get enough traffic to stay afloat. My advice to any would-be patron is to try and avoid this place at all costs. You are better off getting some fast food or surviving on the peanuts served during your flight.
1	warning! this place may be tempting for a quick bite, but no! don't come here! i was served a fish and chips that had already turned foul smelling! i ended throwing the entire dish away! what a waste of money!
1	HORRIBLE....don't go here...Zero stars was not an option so I had to graciously leave 1 star.   The overpriced dried out chicken was the worst food I have ever eaten at a so called Mexican restaurant. No flavor at all..it was like they threw a chicken breast on a grill with onions and pepper cooked it for an hour, cut it up and mixed it with dried out flavorless rice.  AVOID and go elsewhere!!   The best part was leaving the place...
3	yeah I saw the low reviews. But I also saw baggage handlers eating there. These guys have a tough job and know the airport really well. They wouldn't waste hard earned money on food that was a liability. Like the wise handlers I ordered a breakfast burrito. No meat just egg and cheese. And ya know what I lived to tell the tale. It actually served me well in the travel hell odyssey that followed. I could see how getting fancy would be a mistake. Stick with the grill and you should be fine. Therefore in the court of Yelp vs Don Alejandro's i vote A-OK. *Gavel noise* Dismissed.
1	While waiting to for an arriving flight I stopped here with my best friend and her 2 year old son. We both ordered burgers. They are pretty steeply priced, mine coming to $14 for the burger and fries since I opted for the one with cheese and bacon. the food came out fairly quick but that is one of the only positive parts of the meal.After taking a total of two bites of the burger i could not eat anymore of it. The "meat"  tasted and looked like it was some sort of meat-paste shaped into a patty and previously frozen of course. I removed the burger and ate the sandwich with just the vegetables and the bacon/cheese. My friend laughed at me, took one bite of hers and ended up removing her meat also and having just her veggies on the bun. The fries were average and edible though.We thought about complaining and asking for a refund since the meat was pretty much inedible for the both of us, but decided it was airport food and probably not worth trying to make a complaint.
1	Bad bad bad. first they don't have carne asada. Second they serve blain taco meat with no flavor. They charged me $11.75 for 2 tacos with rice and beans. At the airport gouging prices are to be expected. But an extra $1 for watered down salsa mad the experience worse. I will never eat here again because the food was disgusting.
