3	Ah Bull Doggies I do love them, who knew that they'd taste so good.I've always wanted to try Buldogis and after multiple failed attempts at the original location I finally tried some. This Buldogis is awesome because Chef Boyzie is here, I don't know if he's always here but the 2 times I was here he's also been here. They're also open later than the original and it's in a bar, if you check-in to MVP's you get a free beer. You can't Korean fusion dogs and beer.To be honest I had very high expectations for Buldogis and was ready to give them 5 stars just like that but I don't think I can, at least right now.  I had some tasty sliders at a CMYE event and wanted some when I went back but I couldn't find them on the menu so it probably was something special just for the event or I just missed it. Instead I went with my 2nd choice the Angry Kimchi fries which sounded perfect on the menu. Chef Boyzie even brought it out himself and it looked delicious.  It was sweet potato fries with bulgogi, kimchi, various cheeses, fried egg, green onions, and jalapenos it suppose to be amazing but I didn't like it. It wasn't as spicy to my liking, it was more sweet if anything and not every bite had flavor to it, it was also cold which was weird because I didn't wait long at all for my food, maybe it was the beer. I'll give it another try without the beer though I think beer and Korean food always makes a great combination. I don't know. It's still worth the try since it's under $5.I guess it serves me right for not trying the dogs first but stay tuned I'm sure it will jump to 4 or 5 stars after I try some of their dogs. I have a feeling the Banh Mi Dog or Beef Bulgogi Dog will do that job for me. I might even like the Naked Dog which lets me choose 1 meat and 2 toppings to customize my dog.
4	Was a big fan of the original one in the north west and I like the fact that it is closer to my house with this one. Tried the angry kimchi fries.Angry Kimchi Fries: Man, I really liked this dish. Sweet potato fries covered in grilled kimchi, pork bulgogi, cheese, and hot sauce. This hit my tastebuds in so many different ways. They also have some intersting combo's of hotdog's.
4	First time trying this place out. Heard great things about their other location. Came with the hubby because he was dying to try it. The location is rather strange. It's actually located inside a bar (MVP). When we got there, we looked around for a while for a hostess or server, but saw neither. We went to where the tables were located and still nothing. We walked up to the bar and asked the bartender about ordering food. She gave us menus and informed us that we had to walk up to the window where the food was and order the food directly from there. I'm guessing the restaurant part is privately owned? Anyway, we ordered a couple different things and shared. Ordered the banh mi hotdog and the regular bulgogi dog and enjoyed both! For fries, we ordered the angry kimchi fries (sweet potato fries with mounds of toppings on it) and also the regular garlic seasoned fries. When we looked at everything we ordered, we said,"Wow, this is all so unhealthy and fattening!" lol. Then we gobbled it all up. Aside from the strange location and lack of service, the food was very yummy. I think next time we will try their other location. I believe that one is a full restaurant.
5	I'm a dog girl from Chicago and I must say- This place is awesome!! I haven't been to the bar location but hands down- best service and atmosphere for a dog joint.  The hotdogs alone are sooo good!   I love love the spicy Korean Dogs.  YUM!!!! and GO!!!!!
4	My review is more like 3.7 stars just because of the location. It is not ideal. The MVP is not a trendy bar by any means. One time I came here and a drunk was asleep in one of the chairs. I can't complain too much though because they have cheap beer plus they Yelp check in offer for a free beer.The first time we checd out the Fort Apche location I made the mistake of ordering a dog with like everything on it, plus chili cheese fries! It ended up being overkill although I really liked the chili. I've larned my lesson and now just order a chili cheese dog or the fries, not both! Do come here for the food but don't expect ambiance.
5	Yes, they do have veggie dogs even though they are not listed on the menu.  Just ask the super-friendly cook (Saturday night) who was more than happy to make me a delicious vegetarian delight.
