4	We rented a Dodge Viper for five hours for a total cost of approximately $240.  To pay this amount you either have to be a total car buff (my hubby) or a show off (not my hubby).One minor annoyance was that the Viper was yellow (hello 90s!) and two big annoyances were that the business is located in a somewhat sketchy area (but still on The Strip) and our car smelled like barf.  All in all, the ride to the Hoover Dam was fun, the car is a ferocious beast and we looked pretty freaking awesome (okay, so I'm a show off).
1	Scheduled a rental of a Mustang convertible for a day. Exactly 18 minutes before my pickup time, I received a call stating they didn't have my car - I thought to myself, no problem, they will give me something comparable or better at the same price.They offered me a Jeep Wrangler - how is that a sports car? I asked for a sports car replacement and they said they could offer me a BMW Z4 at $50 more/day. I said that was not a reasonable suggestion - "She" disagreed with me and said that was all she could do.I had a day planned to take my wife on a nice trip to Hover Dam - but she said forget it if they can't find a suitable replacement at the same price on my reservation.Trying to find another comparable car at the last minute was not going to happen from another agency - so we bagged the Hover Dam expedition.Don't use these guys - they don't treat you like a valued customer.
4	I've heard a few people (on Yelp and in person) complain about this company but I had no problems with them.I booked a C6 Corvette online and picked it up a few hours later.  Car was clean, full tank of fuel, and ran perfectly.  I took the car to watch a baseball game and then cruised around the outskirts of Las Vegas.The quirky thing(s) that took a start off was the car's change oil light came on during the rental which made me wonder how well maintained the car was.  Secondly, I chose the navigation option and was given a Garmin GPS which was ok... but the car actually had XM and Navigation capabilities built-in that weren't activated on the car.  I just felt like for the money having those features active would have made my rental more enjoyable.
5	Rented a Jeep Wrangler for a 24 hour period.  Balked at the extra price for a GPS so the girl at the counter knocked it down to half price.  The Jeep was just fine, pretty new and no probs at all.    Left the next morning for Hoover Dam, was having a blast.  Realized our 24 hours was about up.  I phoned the same girl that we rented off of and asked for an additional 2 hours.  She said no problem the Jeep was not rented and comped the two hours!!  Now thats customer service.   We have rented 2 Harleys from them for our upcoming Sept. trip, so another review will be coming.
1	I rented a Porsche with a friend of mine for a fun drive to the Grand Canyon, part of a grand bachelor party scheme to surprise a close friend. We told the woman at the rental place that we were going on a 500 mile round trip, and she was nice enough to recommend we pre-purchase the extra miles. This was to be the last notion of good customer service I was to receive.They gave us a car that had seen a few rough rides in its day, but seemed good enough apart from a few dings here and there. The attendant pointed out the tire warning light but excused it, saying it was broken. We were in a hurry to get going (a long trip to make in a day), so we grabbed the keys and were on our way.About 2 hours outside of town, we stopped for gas, and the attendant pointed out that there was a 2 inch crack in the tire, and a number of points where the rubber was peeling away. Up on the lift, we could see better that the tires were over 5 years old and were all nearly bald. Scared to keep on driving in this deathtrap out into the unpopulated wilds near the canyon with what were clearly a set of crap tires, we called Dream Car to complain. We ended up waiting 2.5 hours in cafe waiting for them to drive out a replacement car -- a downgrade to a BMW Z4 (a fine car, but no Porsche). Our plan to surprise our friend at the canyon had to be scrapped, but we were glad we could at least continue our journey to intercept them without having to spend the night at a motel in the middle of nowhere. When our replacement car arrived, we were surprised to see that it was a manual transmission (no mention had been made of this on the phone). LUCKILY, I can drive stick, but my friend was out of luck. So much for a fun drive together.So... long story short: Our carefully laid plan was ruined (never did get to see the grand canyon), we spent a day of our vacation driving to a random spot in Arizona, we had to downgrade to a car I wasn't all that excited about driving (but still had to pay a ton for), and my friend couldn't drive the car at all. When we got back to the rental place, all they offered as recompense was to take off the charge for the extra miles and NOT CHARGE US TO REPLACE THE TIRES! Five-year-old tires that were clearly ruined long before we drove a very un-wild 120 miles on them. Not cool, DreamCar... not cool.Places like this will run a car into the ground until some poor schmo pays a bunch of money to get stuck holding the bag when his car gets a flat, breaks down (or worse!). Can you imagine having to pay for a replacement part on a Lamborghini? How are you supposed to know if your exotic foreign car is in good mechanical standing? Isn't that what the rental place is supposed to ensure? Surely a place charging hundreds of dollars a day for a rental can afford to keep the cars in good shape?Sending people out in a sportscar with faulty tires for a 500 mile drive into the desert isn't just immoral, it's totally dangerous. I warn everyone here thinking of renting from Dream Car to go elsewhere, or at least inspect your car very thoroughly -- because I don't think you can count on Dream Car to inspect it for you.
1	Please do not rent the blue gsxr, please see my review in the 3735 las Vegas blvd.  It is dangerously drizzling brake fluid out of the left caliper onto the rotors and has air in the front brake lines.
1	I called for a price quote and availability on a specific car, The Cobra.The man on the phone told me to hold while he looked up the price on his computer, he quoted me the price and I agreed so we continued the make the reservation.After giving him all my info,  P/u location, time, date and a Credit Card to hold the reservation..........He says I'm sorry it's actually $100 more!He had just checked the rental price on his computer not 2 minutes ago.I cancelled the reservation and came over to Yelp to see if these guys are legit.Thanks Yelp, I could of made a big mistake renting from this company.
1	Good selection of vehicle, though most are in very poor shape or in disrepair. Additionally, very poor customer service, even at the top of the franchise rental car dealer. Owner Laurie is very rude and offensive in tone when confronted with a problem
1	I reserved the 59 Cadillac Convertible several months in advance for my wedding day. The girl on the phone asked me to hold twice while she answered her personal cell phone - I know this because she didnt actually put me on hold,  she just set the receiver down and I could hear her entire conversation. Unbelievable.Then I called back two months before the wedding just to confirm all was good - I was told "we can't find the car" - I said, you mean it was stolen? Why didn't you call me and let me know so I can make other plans? no answer - just ...uuhhh....I gave it 3 weeks to see if they located the car and if so, was it in good enough condition to rent - I was told the car was no longer in their fleet and they had nothing comparable.Very disappointed - mostly in the fact that they didn't call me and update me.
1	Never again stay away scammers
2	there ok
1	Sucks they try to over charge you upon return. Customer services sucks! Very slow. They have no shuttle to and from airport! Very rude! Not in safe area! Rent somewhere else!!!!!!
1	I waited an hour and a half for a pickup and missed all of my appointments because they sent their detailer to pick me up. He had no knowledge of Vegas and drove around for an hour even though my hotel was a quick 10 minutes away. Ridiculous
2	Where to even begin, upon calling I was put on a ten minute hold, I specified I wanted a manual car, i was sold on the Mustang. The company hours are from 6-11pm, I made the appointment for 6:30am on a Friday. Show up at 6:25, and a detailer was the only one there and did not have access to the office. The detailer was helpful to call someone to see what was going on (the ONLY reason I am giving this place 2 stars). The front office staff was late, and did not show up until 6:51! So much for opening at 6:00 and my appointment at 6:30. To top it off, the manual Mustang was already rented out to someone else! So now, they bring out another car in which the seat does not adjust. No go. I ended up with a BMW that was manual but dirty as can be! There was a cracker in the mini center console, you would think for a car rental facility they would upgrade the customer to a better car and it would be clean! Had the appointment for 6:30, didnt leave until 7:40. Went to return the car the next day and now there was a different gentleman working the front desk and he didnt know where paperwork for returns were. He said the person who works front desk stepped out and she'll be back.. so here we are 6:30 am and having to wait another couple minutes for the woman to return. Very disorganized!! I left a message for the owner, have yet to hear back. I was not satisfied with this company.
5	Good car. Good price. Got a mustang convertible in good shape. Saw negative reviews but the staff was not rude at all. Went over the car and the condition and gas level. They were honest and did not overcharge me. This place has some negative reviews but as long as you return the car clean, same shape as when picked up, same gas, and within the allowed miles you should be fine.
