1	Went to Famous Nails because they usually have better coupons and when you pay cash and  it beats a lot of the other nail salons. BUT, beware of hidden costs. For example, I had a nail fill and a 14.99 coupon (cash only) The girl asked me if I wanted my nails shorter I said sure as I always do at other salons and there is NEVER  a charge for making my nails a little shorter.   So BEWARE they add an extra $1.00 to your bill for making your nails a little shorter. If I would have know that I would have made them shorter myself.Also, the full set of nails they apply do not last long, not even two months.I had a full set put on from them and in a month the girl told me I needed a NEW set.  So, I got a new set and they CHARGED an additional $5.00to take their old nails off. My advise is to soak them off yourself. They never tell you they have hidden charges so if you go make sure you always ask!I will not be going back there because of this.
1	Got a new lady and it was the worst pedicure ever. Looks Like I painted my own nails, so I call salon to fix now been sitting here for 45 min watching them take all the new walk-ins:/ don't think I'm coming back.
5	Love this place! Great service, great people & great prices!! The owners are awesome & the place is very clean! Will be back a lot!
1	Horrible I will Never go back to them again!!! The girl was in such a hurry on my pedicure that she cut my small toe with the callas file ,Then put alcohol on it to stop the bleeding it hurt so bad I almost cried. It's now been over two weeks and my toe is still hurting so bad and is numb and tingles. I'm really worried they may have done some bad damage to my foot. Never never ever again  my wife got some guy doing her feet and he completely SUCKED! too!!!! Absolute waste of time & money. for just a few more dollars we will use happy feet on McKellips from now on
5	absolutely love this place, price is always beyond reasonable and the service is TOP NOTCH.  From the owners who welcome you to all of the employees this is a great place to relax. Not only are the people great but they are extremely clean as well!
