5	Terra is an outstanding personal trainer- one of the BEST in the Pittsburgh area! She really takes time to understand her client's goals and physical strength and then creates a unique workout/nutrition plan to tailor each individual's needs. Terra is motivational, organized, and cares about each and every one of her clients. After working with Terra for only a short period of time, I am starting to feel stronger and more energetic. I could not have asked for a better personal trainer!
5	Terra is not only an incredible person, but an amazing trainer and nutritionist. I was lucky enough to have her guidance and motivation to whip me into shape for the Miss Pennsylvania 2009 pageant! She literally took a couch potato and turned me into a confident swimsuit-ready competitor! I would recommend Terra to anyone I know- her knowledge, patience, and amazing attitude helped put me in the best shape of my life!
5	Terra is a fantastic instructor who genuinely cares about her clients and works very hard to help them achieve their goals, whatever they may be. I lost a little over 40 pounds in a year working with Terra and find myself in better shape than I'd thought possible. Terra was genuinely concerned about me and served as an invaluable resource both in and out of her studio, offering me help with nutrition, motivation and information & advice about outside activities, classes, equipment  and a host of other issues that proved to be of great benefit. There was no financial incentive for her to do any of this - she just cared. She's always candid (there's nothing slick or phony about her) and, unlike many people with her natural physical gifts, she is comfortable working with people at any level of ability, from athletes and professional dancers to the overweight and self-conscious. She can work to your goals. And she does.What else? Her spacious, attractive loft space is always clean and there are facilities to shower and change in. I was very fortunate to find terraFITNESS. My highest recommendation.
5	I have worked with Terra for about a month and a half, in order to lose some weight and get in shape before my wedding.  She is fabulous - candid, no-nonsense, and practical.  She cares about her clients, personally and professionally.  She is good at what she does and I have lost about 11 pounds in 6 weeks by meeting with her 2-3 times a week, in addition to some dieting and running on my own.  My body looks great in my clothes and I definitely am more tone only thanks to her.  Terra keeps her gym very clean and is good at pushing her clients and teaching them correct form.  She is also organized - when I walk in the door she already has a plan for me written on her dry-erase board!  She was a lot cheaper to work with than the trainers at my gym (LA Fitness), and definitely more professional.  She also works with my busy schedule to meet at times that are convenient for me (after work hours).  I wish I could take her with me when I move from Pittsburgh soon!
