4	Brought my Jeep in to get tinted. Frank did a great job and didn't charge me an arm & a leg. I'll be bringing my second vehicle in for the same amazing service.
5	I have been looking for a place to get my car windows tinted.  I kept seeing $99 specials everywhere so I thought nows the time. After some research I decided not to go with a "special." I started looking on yelp for a good shop close to home. I called R.B.O around 2:30 pm today requesting a price quote. I was quoted a fair price (sadly not quite close to the $99 "specials" but not too bad) and asked when their next available appointment was. The guy told me to come right over. FANTASTIC!! (A lot of the other tint places I called were closed before 2:30)I arrived within 15 minutes of the call and was greeted promptly by several friendly staff members. I was asked which tint grade I wanted and my car was brought to the back in a flash. I was told the wait time would be an hour and a half but that was fine cause the showroom/waiting area was comfy and cold(a/c was feelin good!!). I thought the glass top coffee table with the rims legs was a nice touch. Orlando brought me a bottled water and I sat and watched "catfish" while I waited. Tv really does help make the time fly by! At 4:15 my car was finished right on time! I was handed the keys, paid Dougie behind the counter and was escorted to my vehicle for inspection. VERY SATISFIED. I didn't even know the rear window was included! I thought I was paying for 4 windows and I got 5! WooHoo!! Oh and did I mention the LIFETIME warranty!?!?!(I almost went to a different shop only offering a 3 year warranty)I will definitely be back (got an estimate for a car stereo and install while I was sitting) and I will definitely tell my friends!
5	All excellent comments here on yelp were not exaggerated.  These guys did a great job on our new car, and for a reasonable price.  Will definitely reccomend them.
3	I am writing an update to my original review due to some surprisingly bad service. When I took my jeep in to get tinted it looked great, until I got it home and realized he completely missed a window, I had to take it back. He apologized and took care of it. No fuss, no muss.About a month later I took my boyfriends truck (Ford F-150) in to be tinted. I called two weeks in advance to make an appointment, The young kid on the phone assured me that if I dropped it off at 9am(as soon as they opened), they would have it finished no later than 1pm. So I go over exactly what tint I want while in the showroom and after I leave I receive 3 phone calls because they forgot what grade of tint I wanted. After about 1:20 in the afternoon I called to check on status and the kid says they were backed up but would have it done by 3pm. Now, this was after having an appointment and dropping it off at 9am. 3pm rolled around still no call, I call at 3:30 only to be told it had been done for about an hour and oops sorry we forgot to call you.Frank is great. He does great work. I was not impressed in the least with his staff. Great place to go if you are not on a time frame. I dropped my rating because of the major inconvenience and lack of concern for a returning client. I would not recommend this place to friends.
5	Iv been to a couple other tint shops in town but no one has given me the service that R.B.O Motorsports has given me! I came in and instantly two young gentle men greeted me and ask me how my day was and if I needed any assistance! I told them I was shopping around for window tint and they instantly explained about their (Solar Guard Tint ) they used and how it also had a LIFE TIME warranty, As well as their summer packages they were having. So we went along with the tint package B which was a Ceramic Front windshield and any High Performance shade I would like all on the  other windows. They said it would take around 2 hours to do the whole vehicle and I was perfectly fine with that! I sat comfortably on they're couch in the nice cool show room they had, A couple minutes later I was asked if I need any water or chips which amazed me because iv never had that offered to me at any other custom car shop iv been to, they continuously talked and interacted with me with the great staff they had and before I knew it my car was done! I can honestly say that this was the best shop I have ever been to and will recommend this shop to ANYONE!!!Thank You R.B.O MotorSports and hope to see you soon!
5	First time here, def coming back for all my audio, rim and window tinting needs! Speedy and fast service. Car looks amazing!   Tinting even comes with a lifetime guarantee. 5 stars!!
4	Next day appointment, in and out in an hour and a half, bottle of water while waiting and tint job is perfect. Excellent experience!
5	Had the pleasure of getting my car tinted by them and man, they are good! They are very friendly and provide awesome customer service! I am very satisfied with the services they provided and Orlando takes pride in his business and it really shows. Highly recommended for sure!
5	I love this place! Customer service is perfect. End results are perfect! Thank you R.B.O.
5	I found this place by accident (as I was driving by) and I had just left another tint shop with an estimate. I walked in, just expecting to get another estimate...ended up with a fantastic deal on tinting my car windows 360 degrees in record time. The owner and his guys all knew their stuff and they were very friendly and funny as well. My car looks amazing! And yes, I will most likely be returning to put some new rims on my car. Thanks for everything guys!
5	I took my stock 2014 370z in to get some work done. The guys there are very knowledgeable on Cars and provided me with info on what upgrades to go with. I had them install my Takeda CAI, Invidia Gemini exhaust, and x31 wheels which they got me a good deal on. Now my car is badass I will do further business with them in the future. I highly recommend R. B. O. Motorsports!
4	Just dropped in to get an estimate for replacement tint on one window. I guess it was a case of being in the right place at the right time. They quoted me fifty bucks and said they could do it right then. Wow! I was impressed. I was in and out within forty-five minutes. The tint matched perfectly and is guaranteed for life. They even knock off ten percent if you check-in on Yelp! The only drawback was that there was no air conditioning in the lobby and it was hotter than snot. It didn't effect the quality of work or great customer service, though. They offer more than just window tinting, so there may be a few return trips in my near future.
5	R.B.O. has always been my go-to shop for any auto need. From window tint, new tires, and quality rims, these guys take care of me.  I never feel taken advantage of which is common in several privately owned car shops. R.B.O is always on time even if you're not, they get you in within little notice and have you out in no time. And most of all, they KNOW THEIR STUFF, highly recommend these guys.
5	The second I walked through the door, I was greeted promptly and felt welcomed. This is my first time getting my windows tinted here and it won't be my last. They did a superb job and everyone is knowledgeable about their product. I called other highly rated shops in the area and the majority of people who answered, placed me on hold to go find out basic information. When I say basic, I'm  talking about, "what brands of tint do you carry?" If you want peace-of-mind, don't even look anywhere else. I called and got an appointment within 30 minutes. They even got a TV a here so you don't miss the game while you wait.
5	The guys responded to my email almost immediately, gave me an excellent price, verified what I wanted and got me in and out quickly. Couldn't ask for anything more!!
