5	First, I am so happy to be the first one to review Mathnasium! My daughter is in 4th grade, but works a minimum of 2 grade levels up in her class (so they do 6th grade math most of the time). Aside from being accelerated, the class she's in doesn't follow the 4th grade (or even 6th grade) math standards. The issue that we have found is that there are gaps in her math knowledge. I think the gaps are due to a combination of continuity issues at her school from grade to grade, as well as not having enough practice on each concept. I also think she tends to rush through the work and make sloppy errors. All of this adds up to bad grades and intense frustration with math. Math is also one of those subjects that it's hard to work on with your child when they are frustrated - it can easily escalate into a negative situation. Enter Mathnasium!We started Mathnasium approximately 7 weeks ago, and my daughter has went from Ds and Fs on weekly math tests to B's. Yesterday she brought home an A+ perfect score!! You pay a flat monthly fee and go as often as you want. As with anything else, the more you go, the better the results. For pre-algebra, you go for one hour each session (we go 3x/week). The first half hour you can get homework help and test review, and the second half you work on the proprietary Mathnasium worksheets. The worksheets are designed to work on concepts that are not mastered based on pre-testing when you sign up, and ongoing testing (so, you have to "test" out of each topic from what I understand). If you don't test out, you keep doing the worksheets until you get it down. My daughter LOVES going to Mathnasium, and her math confidence level has increased dramatically. The tutors there are huge math lovers and do a great job at explaining the concepts and keeping kids from getting frustrated. She usually works with Miles, he is fantastic and can really relate to the kids. For the past two years, she has complained that she is "bad at math" - which was so sad!  When girls give up on math so early, it can be such a downward spiral into middle and high school. She proclaimed yesterday that, "Integers are SO FUN! Do you love integers too?" If that doesn't demonstrate the effectiveness of Mathnasium, nothing does. Thank you Mathnasium!!
5	Words can't express how much I like this business.  I have two girls, one who is now in college and one a senior in high school.  Between them they have used Mathnasium for the last 5  years or so, so I have had a long relationship with them.Here is why I think this business is outstanding:  First of all, I love the way it is set up.  Prior to their time at Mathnasium, my girls went to a regular tutor for math help.  The problem was, if their appointment was on a Monday but they'd already had a test, they had nothing to do at the tutor.  Or, somedays there just wasn't homework on the day they had scheduled tutoring.  At Mathnasium you pay a flat fee and go to the tutor as often as you need, for as long as you need.  When it was an assignment that was difficult or a unit that was more tricky, the girls could go every day.  I more then got my money out of their services.In addition, I can't say enough about the quality of the tutoring and the genuine care they have about their students.  They really work with them, the school and the parents to make sure everyone is on the same page and that the student will be successful.  They were able to go over tests that were difficult to see where the deficiencies were and then help the girls correct their mistakes and move on.  I feel it is a very comprehensive program.Finally, I found Mathnasium to be very responsive when I had questions or concerns, which was not always the case with the classroom teachers.  My emails were always responded to promptly, issues were addressed and solutions mapped out.  Mathnasium provides the exact kind of support a parent needs to ensure their child is successful at school.  I recommend them without reservation.
5	I was very hesitant to go here because I knew that math tutoring is quite pricey; especially after looking up other Mathnasium price checks online. Woah! Half of what I thought it would be! Affordable and very convenient hours. But am I getting my monies worth?   My 13 year old daughter hates math with a passion. She has never been good at it at all and has always, no matter what, maintained an "F". She loses concentration very fast after she gets confused. Once your kids lose interest and they don't know how to do a certain part of homework, parents we all know they either skip it or become very whiney. How frustrating.    On my way home tonight, after I picked her up, she tells me, "I like math"! I had to pull the car over cause I thought I was going to have a heart attack lol. This location has amazing tutors that keeps the child involved and paying attention. Different techniques are used by the tutors that accommodates the child's learning ability. My daughter says that she's understanding more and is feeling more confident to walk into her math classroom at school. She told me that she feels certain that she can pass her next exam. After only taking her 6 times! I love that with my membership she go attend unlimited visits every month. I take her almost everyday. She's excited to go after school and I can finally relax because I honestly just don't have the patience to sit there everyday with her. Did I mention that she gets help on her homework?! Is there anything this place can't do? Let me answer for you..NO.    I have tried numerous tutors and places for help. Nothing worked. This was my last resort and I wish it had been my first. Thank you Miles for getting me all set up and Greg for working with my daughter. She loves working with you.   I am very confident that this place will help her achieve her goals and I recommend this place to any parent looking for a math tutor. I'm seeing improvements already. Don't do what I did and wait. Let this place be your first choice.
