5	this is a great starbucks.I drive through at least 3 times a week always get great service.also a great place to sit and do homework, great people, great coffee :)near desert ridge!
4	Aces!  No complaints good or bad.  Usually pretty busy inside like most Starbucks, as far as seating.
4	It's Starbucks.  At this particular location though, if the drive through is busy, just go inside... It'll be quicker, I promise.
2	Meh, I've experienced much better...We used to frequent this Star Bucks a lot until Press Coffee opened near by.  We wanted to top off a great evening with a nice cup of Joe and Press Coffee was closed at 7pm and it was 7:30pm, oh no.... so we stopped by Star Bucks.The service started off as a standard Star Bucks, quick to greet, though missing the smile this time, and ready to make what ever caffeinated concoction your craving for.Coffee #1 ~ decaf and sugar free vanilla syrup. Barista stated, "we are out to decaf, would regular coffee be ok?" What??  No, we would like a decaf please.  Barista, "that will take 10 mins, so you will need to wait".  We asked, why are you out of decaf? Barista, "we stop making decaf earlier in the day". We did not want to wait so we opted for a leaded brew.Coffee #2 ~ regular coffee with sugar free caramel.  I watched the Barista and noticed she used the white pump for the sugar free vanilla and the brown pump for the sugar free caramel. Star Bucks used one collar for sugar free and the other for sugared syrups.  As she poured our coffee I asked her to please make sure she gave us sugar free and not sugar. I noticed you used both colored pumps.  Barista, snippy ~ "we don't separate our flavorings like the other Star Bucks". She then dumped our coffee's out and using the same cups proceeded to use the same pumps again...  So we got both coffee's and proceeded to the cream bar and there was no cream...  So I asked a different barista for some cream.  She stated, "here ya go" and placed a gallon carton of cream on the bar and walked off.Wowsers!  The coffee tasted burned as though it had been sitting there a while and we were for sure if we were drinking sugar free.  No sugar comma later so we are ok and don't plan to go back to this Star Bucks for a while...
4	Drive-thru is rather quick at 5:30am in the morning and the barista was quite cheery for such an early hour -- completely different experience that the inside for a past few visits.  Just goes to show that a good experienced barista can make all the difference in the world!Will Drive-thru again soon!
3	By far the slowest Starbucks I have been to. I have been here many times and i am always amazed at how long it takes to get in and out.  I live right up the street so hard to avoid but I definitely make a point to go to other locations if I am driving by one.  Just now, there was one person in front of me ordering a breakfast sandwich. From the time I walked in the door, it took 11 minutes to get an iced coffee in my hand.  I like Starbucks because I know what I am getting, but really dont enjoy going to this one in particular.
3	Just a suggestion, but smile people! Really, it makes the customer service experience better and not make people feel like spawn coming in for coffee.Not sure if it was an off day here with the staff but talk about a unhappy group of people! My coffee otherwise rocked! Perfectly hot just how I like it!
3	It's a Starbucks: they burn the coffee beans and use really artificial flavors but I'm addicted and so are you so we all grumble and pretend to be coffee aficionados while take the mediocre drinks on our daily commutes.They never mess up my drink here but the wait is horrendous. Like, expect to wait 10 minutes for your drink when you're the only one in the drive-thru. If there are people in front of you you'd better have a lot of extra time or hope  you don't care if you're late. Another annoyance is the design of the drive-thru window with the curb. It's set like 3 feet back so when you pull up to pay/get your coffee you have to reeaaalllly reach out your window and even then you barely grasp the barista's hand to exchange money and get your beverage(s). I go here everyday because it's the only drive-thru right by my house. But I complain every time I do.
4	The staff are great and fast... and the drinks are good as usual!
4	love coffee, recently started drinking it so i go here a lot. close by my house whcih is a big plus since its the only drive through starbucks close by me. i only gave it 4 stars because of the huge lines it gets. and when there is a long line the employees always take forever to make drinks. i went here at around 3 today and there was about 4 or 5 cars in front of me and the employees were slow and rushed me right when i got my drink from the drive through.
2	I love Starbucks. Huge fan, proud gold cardholder. However, this location fails miserably day in and day out. Not friendly. Inefficient. Slow. Slow inside and slowest Starbucks drive thru. Take me back to 27th & Pine Lake in Lincoln, NE. This store, employees and management, need to do a bit more "Starbucks culture" training. Also, 1 out of 3 days something is wrong with my drink. Mistakes happen, I get it. But when they do, don't make me feel like it's my fault. Just correct it. Quickly, especially after waiting 10-20 minutes.
1	I may have had the worst cup of coffee at this Starbucks. This visit made me make a commitment not to schedule any business meetings at any Starbucks again.
1	This location has made me quit starbucks all together.  The last four times i've been there they have screwed up my order.  Thought maybe it was just the drive-thru that was screwing up, so i went inside.  There was one person waiting for their coffee, 1 person finishing up their order and then it was my turn.  Placed my order for my coffee and proceeded to wait TWENTY MINUTES.  What a joke.  I've been a gold member since 2010 - but luckily my pocketbook will get to keep any future "reload" amount since i am so dissatisfied with this company now i won't give them another dime.steer clear of this location if you want to keep enjoying your starbucks.
1	Love Starubucks coffee but hate this location.  Always extremely busy and the people working at this particular one are always so rude and short with customers.  Will go out of my way to go to another Starbucks that offers a more pleasant experience.
3	Very busy location, even the drive thru always has a line!  This Starbucks is probably not the best location to go to if you are in a big hurry.  Its hard to find a close parking spot.  Its also more difficult to get in and out of this particular stripmall because Tatum is usually packed.  Go to the light if you need to turn left!The baristas have always been pleasant to deal with here.  One even took the time to look up the ingredients a a smoothie for me, so very accommodating.  I will say their bathrooms at this one seem to always appear dirty, yuck!
1	Bad service. Always out of stuff on a busy morning.... How can you run out of bold blend at 7:30 am. This is my third tint it happens. No sincere apology or offer a free drink for next time...
1	I give this location no stars cuz they are horrible at there job took them 15 min to make a latte and my girlfriends iced coffee taste horrible!
3	This was our first time to this particular location and as the other reviews state - it was slammed both inside and in the drive-thru.  Took about ten minutes to get through the line, with about six people in front of me and about eight workers behind the counter. They also don't seem to have any storage in their back room, since they had well over 20 merchandise boxes sitting around the the store and unopened.  They also had a large pastry metal cart with single wrapped pastries sitting on them.  The poor staff looked highly stressed and the cashier wasn't overly friendly, but wasn't rude or mean either. My drink order was correct and tasted just like it should though, and let's be honest - at the end of the day, isn't that all that you really want from your coffee?Overall: BIt's a busy location with staff under pressure to get through lines and lots of seasonal merchandise to put on display. It wasn't an exceptional experience, but it wasn't bad either!  Still the good coffee I was expecting to get - so all is right in the world.
1	This place is terrible. They are always unprepared, slow and just unpleasant to do business with.  I am an avid starbucks customer and this is the worst location I have ever visited.
5	I absolutely love this Starbucks location! I come here almost every morning. The drive through can be a little long at times but inside is never a long wait. The workers are so nice and outgoing! Love this place! Easy 5 stars!
3	Decent coffee consistently, but suuuuper busy a lot of the time which means long waits. Actually, with just a few cars, the drive through is sometimes still very slow. I've also gotten the wrong drink on a driving order. A cappuccino is not a macchiato. Cinnamon dolce isn't white mocha. :/
2	ugh if they could get the drink right more than once it would be okayit's like they don't even care - nextoh is your drink wrong sorry - nextwhat you want me to make it right - nextplease wait again while I remake it after all these other drinks - next
4	Most Starbuck are pretty much the same. All have the same menu for the most part. The difference between them rely on the location on the way the seating is set up.Pros: Big parking lot, good use of space available without feeling crammed, 3 lounge chairs with counter for drinks. Unlimited use of wifi, right off the 101, outside seatingCons: Expensive lunch ( if you plan on grabbing food, do it before), only two decent size table for workspace, Hard to see the location off Tatum ( this is probably more cuz of city/ complex rules with marking the building with a sign). The parking is hard to find. I got lucky finding the only spot right up front. Overall: All Starbucks are pretty much the same, this location is conveniently off the freeway, however lack of multi use tables for laptop work is a slight bummer. So I give it a four stars. They did however have great customer service. They did a pour-over for my favorite blend Blonde Roast.
1	Still awful.  Getting worse somehow.  Still storing boxed inventory on the restaurant floor.  Still regularly messing up orders.  Still treating customers rudely.
1	This Starbucks is the closest to my house, I have a newborn and still go out of my way to avoid using this location.  The drinks on a regular basis are incorrect and watered down.  Very disappointing considering the price.
2	This applies to ALL Starbucks worldwide. Starbucks customers and future customers (their children) are some of the most pretentious individuals on this wonderful planet. Only in dire straights will I buy coffee (just coffee, not a  fancy "grande mocca with a shot of vanilla soy based non fat carmelyate bullshit". And we wonder why we are an obese society when we order a1000 calorie drink. It's not your slow metabolism, it's what you are ordering-drinking-eating and not moving that f*t *ss.
1	This starbucks is awful. They don't listen when you're ordering don't apologize for having to repeat yourself 5 time. Their rude and unworthy of my business.
5	I'm a regular at this Starbucks.  What makes the difference is the employee's and the personalized attention you get coming in.  I come everyday and it is home.
5	By far the BEST Starbucks I've ever been to. I've been everywhere and what made this one stand out is the staff, no name tags but we were here at 5:56pm on Saturday Oct 11, 2 guys and a girl. Funny, interactive and went above and beyond for my fiance who can be a Starbucks snob sometimes. Great crew!
2	I'd like to think that it was just me... I sat in a long line for an extra long time.  I wasn't feeling well so I needed a hot Calm Chamomile tea to help me feel human.  After waiting for what felt like an eternity, I finally reached the order window only to be told that they were out of the Calm.  Not their fault. So I asked what other teas (because I only order the Calm, and haven't the foggiest what else they offer) they have. The girl couldn't hear me... She had an attitude. "Which do you want??"  Oh no.  If you don't have anything nice to say... So I proceeded to move forward because this required a face to face transaction.  I finally reached the window and explained that I wasn't feeling well, so yelling into their intercom wasn't an option.  I, again, asked what was comparable to the Calm.  She recommended the Awake tea.  hmmmm Calm vs Awake seem like semi polar opposites, but ok.  (And of course, there was a "thing" with my 5 agave request; there always is.)  The Awake tea? No where near similar to the Calm.  Into the trash it went.  Won't be back to this location.
1	I go to Starbucks every day and this is the worst I've I have ever been to. Slammed and employees are rushed and rude. Did not feel the welcoming Starbucks experience at all. A shame.
