1	Had a horrible experience here. And it was my first time at Dillard's.I had purchased something at the Origins counter. The two ladies who helped me were pushy and catty. They made several comments about products I might be interested to get my skin to look better since it looks like I use a lot of foundation. When I told them that I do not wear foundation, rather than apologizing they stared at my face closer and says "it looks like you do". Chose to take this as a compliment meaning I had nice skin. I was willing to overlook it because the product (the face serum) was so good, but all in all they could work on their people skills a little more.Got back the hotel, opened the box to use it- inside the package was a bottle of the serum with all the paint chipped off, and the bottle was empty. This thing was used to the max.Two days later I bring it back with the receipt, original packaging, everything. I wind up talking to a manager who I instantly know is going to give me a hard time. She asks me to wait 15 minutes until one of the Origins associates who helped me gets back from lunch.35 minutes later (I have a show to catch!) I'm waiting at the Origin's counter. A goddess mystery woman from another counter comes over and says she'll do the exchange for me so I don't have to wait.The manager does not let her, and then lets me know they can't accept something in this repugnant condition back. She was pretty obvious about what she was insinuating: that I replaced the product I received with an old bottle of mine to try to get a new, free bottle.I mean, I would've understood if it was just policy holding her back from giving me a new bottle but it was her entire demeanor that was insulting. If she hadn't done everything but accuse me of replacing it, if she had seemed sincere about trying to help me and sorry that I received a piece of absolute crap then I might've been okay with Dillard's.No. In the end, the manager spoke to her supervisor who told me to give me an exchange or let me return it for credit back on my card. I returned it because my experience was so unpleasant that I didn't want to give them the business. I'd rather go out of my way to buy the product elsewhere.All I can say is that the polite, mystery cosmetics lady and the mean manager's supervisor were the only helpful people I encountered. And my horrible experience at Dillard's influenced my opinion of Origins.I know that not everyone has this same experience, but as for me I will not be returning to Dillard's.
4	I like this location better than the depressing and outdated one at the Meadows Mall (it's like the red headed step-child). I think that this one has the cooler selections appealing to people in their 20s and 30s and snazzy interior (pretty and bright)because it is more exposed to tourists so they can spend more money too- not a bad marketing scheme (the one at the Meadows should take a lesson which would translate into more $$$- needs a makeover bad). Since we park outside of this store, in the parking garage, we pass by these departments. The accessories have good markdowns (30%-70% off) the shoe department is impressive (lots of ladies here), the handbag department has a good selection of markdowns (Dooney & Bourke, Fossil, LeSportsac, Kathy Van Zeeland), and the cosmetic salespeople seem a bit too eager- no, I don't want a spray. Bathrooms located near the shoe department, right before the mall entrance. Worth checking out the sales racks.
4	For their evening dress department only.I dreaded the task of searching for an evening gown in the Bay Area but I knew the hassle would be worth it since I'm going to be attending a sweet relative's wedding.  I did my research and created a checklist of all the possible locations where I could find "the" dress. As you know ladies, finding "the" dress can be a grueling task, especially if you are looking for something specific.Being an easy going gal, I knew I couldn't be so picky but would be happy with a dress in the color family or style I was looking for.Anyway, here I am in Vegas on a mini vaca and the thought of why not check out the mall here for some potential dresses.  I stumbled into Dillards evening gown department.  This place is so much fun!From the aisle, the department doesn't seem big, but as you enter, it is pretty deep.  I haven't seen a department this large for dresses in a long time.  It's tempting to play fashion show or dress-up here.  Being a quick shopper, I found a couple of dresses, tried them on and found "the" one.  All in all,  the dress search took about 15 min....that's gotta be a record! So if you're in Vegas, please pay Dillards dress department in the Fashion Mall a visit.  Even though you may not have an occasion coming up, this is the town to wear an evening gown any day or time of the week. It's like wearing a sweater in the middle of summer in San Francisco. Locals get why.
4	I love Dillards...they frequently have great sales!  And I'm a sucker for a good sale!  I always find something whether it's in the shoes, jewelry or dresses.  This is a good location...easy to get to, easy parking, etc. I like this location but my favorite is still in Henderson!
1	Not sure why, but every employee I've come across here has been rude, insulting, stuck-up, or all of the above. My worst experience so far was at the fragrance counter. I wanted to test out a new Chanel (my old ones were getting boring) and was hoping the sales person could give me a tester so I could see how the smell worked with my chemistry. She basically laughed in my face, said that Chanel doesn't do that because they're the best and they don't need to do it. Hmmm. Funny because if I had gone to ANY of the other stores in the mall for the same purpose, they would have happily filled a generic vial for me if they didn't have one already. Also funny because I've gotten plenty of Chanel fragrance samples before in order to make my decision. Maybe she's right though. But if she is, you can bet I will NOT be buying ANYTHING from there again. I'll stick with Neiman Marcus.
4	I like Dillards. I especially like their sales when their clearance items go an additional percentage off. Like the case this past weekend (post Thanksgiving sale).100% cotton dress shirts and 100% wool dress slacks for prices like I see at discount houses - I had to stock up for work. As for the rest of the store, I wouldn't know. I tend to stick with the men's section and I don't mind shopping there - when there's sales that is.
3	Hooray for Dillards!! I was here the other day and had 2 totally different kind of experiences in two different departments.I generally get good service at the cosmetics counter. And this was typical. The girls at the Lancome counter know how to work me thats for sure!Love those ladies!Now the horrible old ladies they have working in the purse department...whats up with that? Not very helpful and fairly rude.So thats why I do 3 stars and not 4..its an average of both.
1	My sister and I were in LV on vacation and went shopping. We went here and found an open dressing room. It had clothes in it but we are used to that and thought it was ok to use. A few min later a knock on door and a ratty sales lady and a customer wanted in. I said we thought available and she just stormed in to get the ladies clothes and my sister just had a bra on!! It was so uncomfortable for her and very maddening to me. I was blown away by her rudeness. Needless to say we left without buying anything. Won't b back.
2	I was in the shoe department wanting to try on shoes and none of the people working in that department wanted to help me for some reason. I stood there with three shoes in my hands looking at the group of workers who were all standing around talking to each other and a few times they looked at me and continued talking to each other. Finally a guy came out from the back and helped me. All I can say is I hope they work for commission because he deserved it and the other idiots who stood there looking at me deserve to be fired!
4	Dillard's a great dept storeCould they have better customer service ?Yes! Merchandise neat & not all around the floor!Found the perfect  pair of heels on Sale!!Currently have 60% off sale on select merchandise !Next time I'm in Vegas I wouldn't have a problem sliding by!New Fall Shoes already out! Go dillards
4	Dillards offers a great selection of Miss Me jeans, UGG Boots and Throws. I never had a problem with the customer service. The girls are always friendly & offer help. They are on the high end side so if your on a budget definitely wait for a sale :) plus their restroom is the ONLY one I would use inside the Fashion Show Mall.
2	It's Dillards at the Fashion Show Mall so I thought my experience might be less ghetto than one of the other malls.... Not so much! Let's start with parking. I drive around and waited by two different vehicles people were getting into. The first lady must have fallen asleep once inside the car because there was no movement and no tail lights after the door closed. After a brief eternity, I decided to try again. Two ladies walking to a car. They first open the back of the car and start rifling through some bags. Then they go to the trunk and-more rifling. Then they decide to stop and have a deep conversation outside the car. By this point, I'm fuming but the place is packed, do I wait. Finally, the snot who is the driver of this car starts to escort her friend back to the walkway as if she isn't competent to find her way. Now I'm livid. Finally she walks back to the car and makes a five point turn to exit the space. But I digress....Once inside the store, I headed to the ladies' dresses. They had a massive selection....for people size 10 and larger. I did find a dress that I didn't despise but I clearly needed a size larger than I found. Naturally, it was the last one so I decided I'd pick up Spanx and squeeze into this one rather than torture myself any longer. Off to shoes. I'm not a shopping fan so it did not thrill me that here too was a massive selection. I found two pair of shoes that looked perfect. I couldn't seem to get any hello even though employees were just standing around chatting about freeway directions. Finally, a young man did come help me. I received the first pair of shoes but he had yet to bring me the stockings to use for try-ons. I finally gave up on waiting and found them myself. The second pair of shoes were not available in anything other than behemoth size. The first pair was missing rhinestones on BOTH of the $80 shoes. I asked for another pair in my size but, alas, none were available. The young salesman gave a nervous smile and made a comment about small stones and glue not holding. I nearly made a comment about his stones but chose to quit while I was behind. I left the store extremely frustrated by my experience and was just thankful leaving the store was actually pleasant.
1	Dillard's is utterly disgusting and trashy. The employees are unhelpful and not trained for their department. Even worse they pressure you into getting the in store charge card. I repeatedly told the sales associate that I did not want the in house charge card. I had to tell her no at least five times. I later found out that associates have to open at least one charge card per day they work or they receive a write up. I also found out that if they do not sell enough in a quarterly period they receive a 10% pay cut. How despicable! !!!
3	One word - shoes!   Dillards has a large selection at mostly reasonable prices and when they have a big shoe sale, make sure you well full body armor because  some little chick is going to shank you if you get in between her and the size 5.5 6" heels she wants!  LOL!If you are plus size, mixed reviews.  I usually go to Macy's first and then to dillards because they have a very different selection.  They carry 2 brands Macy's doesnt (nygard and Karen Kane) that I like and almost always have more dresses but the casual wear is kind of frumpy for my taste.Service in plus-size is almost always impeccable but I just learned my favorite person is retiring in a couple of weeks so we will see....
4	I came to Fashion Show Mall one day on vacation with my mom. There aren't any Dillard's stores where we live, so we decided to check it out, as we love discovering new stores and places to shop!The first department that we stepped into was cosmetics/fragrance, as it was the one that leads right into the entrance/exit. They have a nice selection of products and brands -- I was impressed with the fact that they are a department store who carries Stila, one of my all time favorite brands that I can only find online or at Sephora. I thought that was cool.The next department over was of course, my favorite: shoes. In the corner of my eye, I saw the most gorgeous and colorful Steve Madden high heels that I knew I just had to try on, or else I'd regret it. My mom and I walked over and were absolutely googly-eyed over this specific shoe. Moments shortly afterwards, we were greeted by a shoe salesman named Dan, who brought us our sizes in the heel, and also brought out a sandal that I wanted to try on as well. Dan was very kind and helpful and made our shopping experience at Dillard's absolutely wonderful. Truly the best customer service I've experienced while shopping in a very, very long time. My mom and I love our new heels, as we each bought our own pair. I wore them later that night when I went to see Jersey Boys! I got many compliments on them and felt great wearing them with my favorite dress!Even better, I went into the Steve Madden store before we left the mall and saw the same heel in there -- I paid $109 for my heels at Dillard's, whereas in the Steve Madden store they're charging $130 for them!! That made me feel even better and love Dillard's a million times more because I feel like I got a great deal.The reason I gave four stars instead of five is because I didn't have time to venture off into the women's section to check out the clothes. I will most likely come back to the mall before I leave Las Vegas on Thursday. If so, I'll definitely be returning to Dillard's to check that out.Team Dillard's all the way!
5	Working on finding the perfect attire for our beach wedding in Cali. Found a Perry Ellis vest and perfect pants on sale at a near by mall in the wrong size. Call, had it held and met with our sales guy, Kavin, at fashion show. Not only was he super helpful but knowledgeable and friendly! The next day after dealing with a bunch of drama at other Dillard's in California, we called Kavin and he again went above and beyond the call of duty even offering to find a way to help on his day off. If we could buy everything from Kavin, we would. Bravo my friend, thank you for everything!
1	Ok this store just got a big fat ZERO! how do you sell the same clothes in the same store and when you find one marked at $170 and the other on sale for $88 and not honor the lower price! Sorry don't except the excuse different department. You're the same fucking store and the store manager wouldn't do shit. Poor customer service, any other department store would except the fact they screwed up. Dillard's you just choked the big one
3	The additional % off sales are fantastic.
5	This is a very nice Dillard's store in a beautiful, modern mall. The selection of women's shoes and clothing is quite impressive. I found many brands I haven't heard of before, at both reasonable and a little above reasonable price points. The store is well stocked and laid out nicely. There were lots of employees around, just none at the customer service desks or dressing rooms (the dressing room doors are locked so you need to find an employee).  I found exactly what I was looking for and a little bit more! I was impressed and will happily shop here again.
