1	POOR MANAGEMENT SKILLS, TERRIBLE JOB COLORING HAIR, & MANAGER VERY UNPROFESSIONAL!!!!AWFUL MANAGER- GLENISHA HALL I came into this salon to get my hair colored a medium natural looking blonde... and when I left, it was 100% auburn! The stylist told me they could get the color almost exactly how I wanted it prior to getting it dyed. I brought my friend in with me, because she had the hair color I wanted; showed her to the stylist so they could physically see a perfect example... But I guess that wasn't good enough! Leaving the salon with wet/damp hair I thought maybe it would lighten up once it dried, but no! I got home & was very disappointed! That evening I consulted a PROFESSIONAL cosmetologist (different company) & she recommended to give the stylist a second chance to fix my hair without being double charged, so they can at least try to keep their clients pleased. The next day when the manager was scheduled to work I spoke with her & explained how I was very unhappy with my hair color & the fact it looks NOTHING like what I showed her & she was very rude, & unprofessional!! Her response was pretty much "too bad so sad." After a 10 minute dispute over the phone going over the same thing explaining to her how my hair is NOTHING like how I asked (repeated that about 9 times until it finally phased her), she offers me a 10$ service which had NOTHING to do with changing my hair color!! Are you kidding me!? I paid near 100$  to get a God awful hair color I never even asked for, & you're offering me a deep conditioning treatment for 10 dollars!?!?  No thanks, they'll probably find a way to screw up that too! I think I'd rather have a blind man do my hair next time. So if they don't have severely poor management skills, then someone please redefine that for me!! I had a TERRIBLE experience at the salon & I advise every woman out there who's looking for a nice hair color to NEVER GO HERE!!!
1	My wife went for a hair cut. She told the manager, Glenisha, she wanted 2 to 3 inches off her length. The woman cut 6 to 8. My wife was so upset and shocked. In the 22 years I have known her, her hair has never been so short. We went back for the refund and the lady argued with us. We even tried to show her a picture recently taken to let her see the difference. She did not want to give a full refund. My wide will never go there again. This place is horrible with a bad attitude.
2	I liked my first stylist but then he became paranoid that gang members were stalking him. My second stylist told me to join the Freemasons. Can't this place hire some normal people?
