2	Roll the dice, and go to this location.  I went here for nearly 6 months and got a different haircut from 6 different people.  I'm a guy...short on the sides with clippers, scissors on top.  Nothing fancy.Unfortunately that's a bit too much for most of the folks who work here, bless their hearts.  The final straw was last time when I'm pretty sure they had the assistant who runs the cash register give me a haircut so someone could take a break.  I had the distinct feeling he'd never given a haircut before....and I had to go home and "fix it."I'm done going here.  If you're a guy, try out Dan Cercone Hairstyling in Bloomfield.  It's cheaper, faster, and better.  And no, I don't work there.
1	DO NOT GO HERE FOR EYEBROW WAXING!!!! A place like this should not even be allowed to offer waxing services. I go here and make sure that I get a different person each time just in the hopes of having different results, but honestly you will be saving yourself money if you just pay more at a place where the technician probably have more experience and knowledge. I am only assuming that they don't offer training by the fact that every time I have gone to get my eyebrows done here, they have practically taken them off! Even after I request to not have pencil thin eyebrows! Threading costs the same amount of money and you will have much more flattering results! NO ONE LOOKS GOOD WITH PENCIL THIN EYEBROWS!
5	Angie is the best person for haircuts. I love going to her because she doesn't cut anymore than absolutely necessary to her your hair healthy. She first reviews what you want and what she recommends before taking the first snip. She is pretty great and I highly recommend her. Cuts are around $17 and there are always coupons you can print online on the Supercuts website.As for the store, they have a great selection of products you can purchase but can't really sample much. The store is clean and there is only a short wait before you have your service.
1	Dumb people who can't keep their lists straight. Called ahead for a 415 appointment and checked in and then sat for 50 minutes to be told that my name "wasn't on the list" and they'll put me on the list...behind the 5 people who had just walked in. Don't go here seriously
2	I went to this place today morning. And its my second visit. I went to this place second time because I got a nice haircut at this salon few weeks before from a nice person (I am feeling very sorry for not remembering her name, a friendly, stout, not so short white woman). And today I got a new person to give my hair cut. I am a man with long curly hair. I asked this person to keep it long and give it a good form. And she asked me how many centimeters she has to cut. I got surprised. This is so mechanical. Giving a haircut is an art. A good hairdresser should/would be able to think/imagine and suggest a style that suits a customer's face. How can I tell her to cut this many centimeters on the front, back, top, locks, etc. Moreover I am a busy CMU student and I do not have time to think about my hair at such level. I told her its up to her. I gave her free hand. And as a result I got a very bad hair cut.I have taken a decision not to visit any hair salon related to any franchise again in my life. I feel like Its better to search for an established salon run by a local owner.
