3	Our foreign exchange student, Zeno, was duly impressed with the fact that he could get TWO large pizzaa for UNDER $20. He was not so impressed however with the idea of spinach on his pie...What else can I say-- it's close, cheap, consistant, and realtively good.
4	Of the top pizza delivery chains, Papa John's takes it. I have worked as a delivery driver for a Papa Johns in the past, and though I hated the one I worked at. They really do have the freshest ingredients and their dough is fresh and is not frozen like pizza hut (also worked there). They are usually on the longer side when it comes to delivery times but its worth the extra weight for its freshness. They also use heated delivery pouches so the pizza is always super hot when it is delivered.
4	I am now a loyal customer of papa johns thanks to pizza hut. Papa Johns is always consistent and friendly and has flavorful pizza.Read my review for pizza hut on val vista/warnerI'm a fan of pizza but this place has some serious quality control issues. Last Saturday I ordered a supreme pizza for pick up. I went to the restaurant and stood at the counter for 10 minutes without being helped. Finally I asked the delivery driver on his way out the door if someone could help. He doesn't say anything to me turns around and sends someone out to help me. The cashier doesn't greet me or apologize for the wait just asks for my name. I get my pizza and go home open the box and take a slice out and notice its completely doughy, stretchy and not even close to being cooked. I am so pissed now. I call pizza hut and ask to speak to a manager,  I'm then told to hold then the phone call is disconnected. I call back and get the manager Josh this time and tell him the situation. Josh did apologize, I told him there's no way I'm coming back for another pizza or having one delivered covered in spit, I told him I wanted a refund. The manager did refund my money.  I ended up calling Papa John's to order a pizza, the team member was friendly and polite and my pizza arrived in 30 minutes and fully cooked and fresh. Papa John's delivery driver was also very polite and thanked me for my business. I will not being ordering from the Pizza Hut on Val Vista and Warner. Papa John's now has a new loyal customer!
4	Haven't ordered from papa johns in years because I think if got pretty sloppy. But they had a 50% coupon online and I'm cheap so I gave it a shot. Took 20 mins for delivery. Awesome. Pizza looked great, not sloppy or oily. It was really good!! Very happy!! Thanks Kyle B for my pizza experience. :)
4	Good pizza,  they've never got my order wrong. Sometimes arrives so hot the cheese is still stringy other times arrives a bit cold. Delivery are courteous.  I only order online so I can't speak to how the people who take orders are.
1	They claimed that this was better than Dominoes but it was worse. I spent $20 on a pizza that tasted like garbage. I did not even get what I ordered. I would rather have a kindey stone than eat this ever again.
