1	Thank you Doubletree hotel for this great recommendation :(    The only good part is that they delivered in under 30 minutes.  It is located across from Fridays at the Consol arena.  Wonton soup had undercooked noodles.  Cream Cheese puffs were just bad!  Pork Fried rice was lightly brown in color and didn't have much flavor.  The pork ribs were OK and the happy family main dish was a ripoff.  There were no Scallops or Lobster meat.  There were a few giant shrimp and much sliced pork.  The beef and chicken were of very poor quality.  It did come with broccoli and carrots.  The sauce was very  bland.  Unfortunately there was only 1 prior review on Yelp.  Mine makes 2.  Prices were very reasonable and now I can see why.
4	Very good Chinese can be had here. We came prior to seeing Raw at the arena. The shrimp and langostino dish I had was yummy as were the dumplings. Very clean too.
4	This is my go-to Chinese place. Super-fast delivery, solid staples for a typical Chinese place. By far the best part of ordering China Wok is the phone call. I once dreaded the sharp orders coming through the other line, but I've come to appreciate the humor and adventure in successfully placing an order. Just make sure you check the menu first before you call. If you hesitate on the phone, watch out! (It's awesome)
3	Speedy quick delivery. Able to order completely on the iPad. Good Chinese comfort food for a sick patient in the hospital.
4	I'm a fan of China Wok. Since the remodel, you can sit down and have a waitress serve you. They also have sushi at a great deal... $7 for 2 rolls, $10 for 3 (for the basic rolls.. some examples are shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, salmon. Some also have cream cheese, cucumber, avocado, ect. )  They also have another page for sushi entrees which is much larger and a more unique choice of their sushi. We've always enjoyed ourselves here.
4	Price to quality for china wok is great. Their sushi and typical American Chinese offering are as good as you'll find elsewhere, even if it isn't the most "authentic". The Wok is a great lunch option for a typical weekday, but I wouldn't take a girl here to impress her.
4	Solid four stars.  Nothing is perfect, but it's fast, cheap, and delicious.
5	Great restaurant!  I went there for lunch a few days ago and had their General Tso special which included fried rice for less than 6 bucks.  Came out hot, crispy, and just fantastic.  I gotta admit, part of the reason it was so fantastic is I ate it at their restaurant, I think once it probably sits in the container it steams out the crispness.  I used to visit the restaurant a few years back, and WOW, they did an awesome job renovating/and or maybe moving it down the street?!?  Looks great!!!!
1	I gave them 20% tips of my order, but they even forgot my order. I will never go back to have any meal in this restaurant. BTW, my friend told me that although this is a Chinese restaurant, this restaurant "only" open for American people. Because if you are Chinese people, they will not treat you as well as American people. How pathetic this restaurant is !!!
3	Cheap with nice service. Wonton soup was not the best I've ever had because the noodles were kind of undercooked. I'm a big salt fan--so was the Roasted pork fried rice. If you're not though, this might not be the dish for you.Overall, it's ok. Non-complicated food for non-complicated people. It's better than TGIF (which is across the street) and their clientele.
