5	O.K. This resturant is a bit out of our way being we live in the university area. BlackThorne is in the Ballantyne area "south Charlotte". We heard of this restaurant through some friends of ours. It is American Contemporary food. Average cost of a plate of food is about 15-25. Everything that we eat was amazing! The food was sooooo good. The people that work there to the chef that came to our table were freindly. It was a great dining experience and totally worth the 30 mile drive. We will continue to make the drive down there. A++++...This place is new, so give it a shot you wont be disappointed.
4	My girlfriend and I had a great experience at Blackthorne.  The food was great.  I had the pork loin with the sweet potato hash and it was really good.  She had the trout and loved it.  The service fast and attentive.  We will definitely be back.
1	Quite a crappy place! Bad lunch. I had the Reuben sandwich which was a specialty of the day. This arrived with cold fries. The Reuben was built with sauerkraut right out of the jar and corned beef that came from a processed cold-cut package. Not even the shittiest Korean deli makes a sandwich this awful.There is something called "Parke's Law" that states: upon arrival, if you look around the restaurant and evaluate the open and available tables, you will be taken to the least desirable table. I have eaten at BlackThorne twice and twice Parke's Law has been in effect.Skip the dining experience that is known as ... BlackThorne!
2	First visit. My friend wanted to go for the wine dinner advertised in the Charlotte Observer the same day. We arrived and the server did not know about the advertisement and returned to say they weren't doing it. Apparently they needed reservations?  They didn't offer any other alternative for the special.  We stayed and dinner was good but not great.  Service was fine, ambiance was nice.  For the prices the food needs to be great and an effort by a manager should have been put forth to accommodate the advertised special. I probably will not go back.
2	This place needs to decide if it is a bar or fine dining. Bar decor, rooftop deck with live music. Good food for the most part our table of 4loved the shrimp and grits and trout. Salmon was just okay.The real problem was that on a friday night at least, the noise level and service were very much bar, ballantyne watering hole. If that is what you want, this is your place
2	I suggested to my co-worker that we try out BlackThorne for lunch today and I must say, I was quite disappointed with the entire experience -- the service was not good and neither was the food. Our server had a bit of a 'tude and definitely gave the impression that she'd much rather be somewhere else. After about 15 minutes, I was wishing that we were somewhere else as well.We both ordered the grilled chicken sandwich (with no bacon) and I ordered mine with no aioli.  It also came with mesclun greens and was served on Ciabatta bread which was supposed to be grilled. It took quite a while for the food to come out and when it finally did, I was disappointed to see that my sandwich was slathered with aioli. We had both ordered fries as our side - they were skinny little fries with no flavor.  The sandwich was disappointing overall... the chicken was bland, mozzarella cheese did not have much flavor and the avocado was almost mushy. I was not impressed with the bread either.  If you decide to try this place, I would definitely recommend that you skip this dish. It took an hour to get 2 chicken sandwiches with a side of fries from a sulky server. Given the number of good restaruants in the area, I don't think I'll be going back here anytime soon... unless it is simply for drinks out on their patio.
1	I gave this place two chances for lunch and both times they failed.  The first time I went, they had just opened so I tried to give it a bit of a curve.  The pulled pork bbq sandwich was decent at best but my friend had another dish and was not happy at all with it.  When the waitress came by to collect our plates, a good waitress would have noticed that she barely touched her food and would have asked her about it and found a way to make things right especially since they just opened and would want repeat customers.  Our waitress picked up the plates and sashayed away.  When she returned and my friend mentioned that she was not happy with the meal, she all but shrugged her shoulders and handed us the check.My second time there for lunch I went with three other people.  Since one person in the group was treating for two other people for lunch, my lunch tab was set up separately from them.  I say this because apparently this is what caused the "confusion" about my food arriving long after everyone else's food arrived.   My food literally arrived as everyone else was finishing up their meals and I had to shove mine down my throat so we could all leave at the same time and return to the office.  And again, no offer to rectify the situation (they could have at least offered to pay for my lemonade), handed me the bill and skipped away.And not to be catty but whoever is doing the hiring for this place clearly is not concerned about having a quality waitress but only about how they look with a low cut top on and abnormal unnatural looking breasts.  Keep your fetish at home and hire some women who know what they're doing and know what true customer service entails.  At best I could only see myself going there for a drink after work since I work right across the road but if they suddenly disappeared, I don't think too many people would miss that place.
5	My company had a dinner there about 1hr ago. Our request was to have several 4top tables for 20 people. We had gone to Village Tavern last night and the prime rib was way overdone so we were all skeptical going into tonight's dinner...well let me tell you it was OFF THE  CHART...every appetizer was flavorful and beautiful. The wine flowed freely, never glass half empty of sodas or tea. The dinner were so good nobody could stop praising them. I had the salmon and it was possibly the best ever....my coworker had the duck and loovveed it....and the creme' brulee' was like an the absolute best ever!! I was raised working in a family restaurant so I know what good service and food should be and let me tell you...CHARLOTTE NC...THIS IS A DIAMOND IN THE ROUGH.....EXCELLENT!!!!!!
2	good for a quick drink in ballantyne area.  food is, meh.
3	I was reluctant to go because of the reviews, but I am glad we did. I had gone with 3 other couples for a birthday celebration and was glad the service was so slow because we were there for approximately 3 hours and I got to enjoy good friends.  Don't know how they will survive if they don't turn the tables a bit faster.Anyway, we ordered a few appetizers;muscles, calamari, tomato w/ pesto and crab, artichoke dip.  All were blah but the calamari.  It was crispy and I liked the Asian sauce it came with.Everyone seemed to be pleased with their meals and I really enjoyed the shrimp w/spinach and rice.They did not have the non-alcoholic beer that my friend was craving after noticing it was on the menu.  Oh yeah, it's because they don't have a bar manager.There was a band playing on the terrace which sounded nice but we were tired by the time we were done, so we headed out.
4	With all the new restaurants in the Ballantyne area, we are always excited to try them all.The interior is cozy and fun, modern, and clean.  The food is really awesome with great presentation.  The staff are friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu items.  They have a great rooftop bar, and they also have live music on certain days of the week.  There is plenty of parking in the lot of the shopping center.The menu changes seasonally, so everything is always very fresh.  The price point is a little bit high, but not too bad for the quality you get.I would say this is a great place for adults, but not for children (thank God).  It provides a great adult place for dinner, drinks, and good conversation.Welcome to Ballantyne, and keep up the great food and service!
5	Tried Blackthorn for the first time last night. Everything was excellent, from qt he service to the food and drinks. Calamari appetizer was delicious ! We will certainly be back!
3	We have been wanting to find a close to home restaurant that has quality options. This place was below my expectations.It was a busy Friday night, all tables taken but there was plenty of room at the bar for the two of us.  Our bartender was cordial and attentive but had to ask the other BT about some of the menu offerings.  The Chef's whim soup was tasty.  I love calamari but this was a huge disappointment; a frozen pre-breaded product that did not stand up to the menu description at all. Korean BBQ dipping sauce tasted just like Hoisin out of the jar.  My wife's vegetable risotto had average flavor and the rice was slightly over cooked.  I tried the Double Slider, perfectly cooked to medium but a bit of a mess to eat or share.  And again, a low quality frozen French fry, slightly chilled!I'd like to give this place another shot just because it is around the corner.
4	Taste -WONDERFULIt was my second time going to Backthorne for lunch and loved the food. I'm not sure why there are bad reviews on the food but we thought it was excellent. Maybe they switched cooks since last year. I ordered the grilled vegetable sandwich with goat cheese and my mother got the butternut squash soup and a chicken salad sandwich. What I like about Blackthorne is that they put a nice twist on their food. The chicken salad had pears and thyme in it which sounds different but was very delicious..I managed to grab a bite. The butternut squash soup had good flavors and my mom wouldn't stop saying how good it was. My grilled veggie sandwich was plentiful with a huge portabella mushroom and other grilled vegetables. The goat cheese and balsamic complimented it well. We both got sweet potato fries with our meal...they were great. Only complaint is that I wish they served it with some honey mustard or something other than ketchup. Price - EXCELLENT For lunch, you can get a meal for $10 which includes the meal, a side and a drink. You will pay that at a fast food place or Panera. It's described as an upscale place, which I agree..the atmosphere is very chic. But, you can't beat the price for what you get. Overall, I'll be going back.
4	Dinner was delicious.  I had the salmon hubby had the pork loin.  Service was prompt and friendly.  Good draft options.  Yes it does have hardwood floors so it's  a little clangy, but it's not really an issue if you're not a delicate flower.  We came for restaurant week.   After seeing a review in the Observer, we made a note to try it and we were pleased.  It's hardly a "strip mall"  Yes there are other things around it, but the atmosphere is pleasant and safe.
4	Excellent Filet.  Fresh and succulent mussels.  Nothing else needs to be said... but I will go on..Flashback:  Back in the summer, it is hard to beat the upstairs outdoor patio at Blackthorne.  Live bands, cool breeze, and a full large bar!  What else can you ask for?  Just make sure that you get there a little early for happy hour.  It can get crowded.  Recently:  We dined indoors on a Friday night.  Booked the reservations on OpenTable and was seated immediately.  Our waitress was knowledgeable and polite.  The menu was perfectly extensive.  Not too much and not too little.  You still had choices but concentrated well on their bread and butter.  The Filet was cooked just the way I asked and every bite was memorable.  We had a nice Cab to wash it down and BAM.. Successful Friday night.  The environment was set nicely for making it a date night but the tables were just a little too close together.  I was all up in the neighbor's convo.  But honestly, that isn't that big of a deal if you don't mind people.  I would definitely suggest giving this place a whirl.  Bar area looked cool, too but we stayed at the table thi
5	Almost have to go to a restaurant a few times to be able to give a review. My husband been at Blackthorne a few times for business lunches and to entertain business associates at the rooftop bar. My husband took me there for dinner. There was a wait at the roof top bar and I was getting cold so we sat inside. Love the interior. Very warm atmosphere. We were leery of the food because we were the only patrons. However, it was a Tuesday night. I had the veal shank. Delicious! We went for Sunday Brunch. Good variety of options. My son had the fried chicken on biscuit. I ordered the steak, poached eggs, potato cake on creamed spinach. Delicious again! Very pleased with the service as well. My husband is very picky because we dine out quite a bit and he said Blackthorne is his favorite restaurant. I hope Blackthorne keep the quality and service the same so it will continue to be my husband's favorite restaurant so he will continue to bring his business associates their for lunch and after work drinks whenever he works out of his Ballantyne office. (See the two pictures I posted of our entree)
3	We visited Blackthorne for Sunday breakfast around 9:30, and we were the only ones there.  We're early birds, so that didn't surprise us too much; after we realized Skillets in the same shopping center had closed, I was a little surprised Blackthorne wasn't doing more breakfast business.Anyway!  We were promptly seated and visited by our waitress.  The fella got a water and OJ that came out quickly, but my coffee seemed to take forever.  We placed our order, and when I asked for an English muffin on the side of my Blackthorne breakfast (eggs, meat, potatoes for $9), our waitress - who admittedly said she didn't normally work Sunday morning - said she'd have to make sure they had them.  Fella interjected that he was planning on ordering one of the five or six Benedicts on their menu, and then she said, "Oh, yeah, then I guess we have them!"  My egg whites were good but a little too... buttery?  And the breakfast potatoes had a great seasoning to them with peppers and onions, but there was a little too much oil.  The bacon was good, but my English muffin was hardly toasted.  Fella said the grits were super awesome but there was too much hollandaise on his Eggs Benedict ($10).It was $28 for both breakfasts and drinks, which seemed just a smidgen steep, but a solid breakfast overall.
4	I was here for a Network of Executive Women event with around 30 other people on the rooftop patio. With many seating options we were able to spread out, either sitting at the bar with a few TVs, a table with a big umbrella, or one of their many comfy couches. Although it was a Tuesday they did not have any happy hour drink specials. I did get the $8 House Cabernet, which was a very generous pour and a very good wine. Well worth it. They did have food happy hour specials that you can look at online. The staff was great, despite the big crowd, and after it started to rain, we were told we could move downstairs, where they were also very accommodating. I think it would be a great place to spend time on the patio in early fall during a weekday football game. Just come and hang out outside, in a chill environment.
4	Cool spot to chill on the roof in Ballantyne for lunch. But a little slow on the service. Not sure why. Especially when they know people are there just for lunch and most have that 1 hr time frame.I got the Duck Confit French Dip and though it was good and rare find, their meat to bread ratio is a little lacking.
3	So here is the deal with this place....I only ventured into Blackthorne because Another Broken Egg had a ridiculous wait and a ton of hungry, grumpy, cold people standing around.  And by the way, I think Broken Egg has some issues with their overall seat and serve process.  There were a ton of people waiting but yet they had several open and dirty tables.  It just seemed chaotic but moving on....I probably would have otherwise never noticed Blackthorne but I was desperate to find an alternative brunch spot and was on a bit of a time crunch.  The way this restaurant is located makes it easily overlooked and on top of that it is very dark on the outside (closed blinds, tinted doors, etc so it isn't very inviting.  Once we stepped in we realized the place was pretty bare so that sorta scared me but again...desperate times call for desperate measures.The decor was simple with an attempt to be sleek but really it was just simple.  No colors, no art, nothing fancy.  It was dark wood, dim lighting (in fact I would venture to say no lights were on) and naked walls for the most part.The brunch menu was limited.  I think I counted 6 options but they also had a full lunch menu that offered salads, soups, sandwiches, etc.I opted for the signature "blackthorne breakfast" which came with 2 eggs any style, a side of meat (ham, sausage or bacon) and another side of choice (fruit, grits or hashbrowns).  I started with a cup of soup because it sounded good.  It was a white bean chicken chili.  It was salty and likely came straight out of a can...some would love it but I just wasn't overly impressed.  The main "meal" came out and I have to say it was pretty good!  The eggs in particular were fresh and fluffy and seasoned perfectly.  I didn't even have to add salt.  They didn't look like they were shriveled up and old like I have experienced several times at other places.  I ordered the ham and it was what you would expect, a thick piece of ham.  It was good.  My girlfriend ordered the bacon.  She said it was good but it looked a little plastic.  I ordered fruit and it was the typical mellons and grapes while my friend ordered the hashbrowns.  The hashbrowns were okay but they did appear to be shriveled and not very fresh.All in all I think this place has purpose.  The main purpose is it is a great spill-over from broken egg but I think they may have other good items on their menu.  They offered a lot of crab dishes for anyone that cares. The service was friendly but the overall vibe in the place was rather depressing.  It was quiet and awkward in there for some reason.  I personally wouldn't go back but I don't think it is a terrible option for brunch if in the area.
3	We were in the area on Sunday morning looking for a quick brunch. Another Broken Egg had a line out the door and we saw Blackthorne looking mostly empty.  We decided to take a chance!Our bleary eyed served look like he had been out all night, but he still did a good job. That is commendable! I built my own omelette with goat cheese, sausage, asparagus and mushrooms. This was a really good combination but wish the asparagus had not been so al dente.  The home fries were pretty good, just wish they had been a bit crispier.Husband had the Blackthorne breakfast with bacon, scrambled eggs and fruit. Also with toast on the side. Strangely enough this toast was really good! Fluffy and chewy bread. I can't really describe it but it was really good bread!All in all a pretty solid brunch for only $24.  Not bad!  The atmosphere reminded me of a 131 Main or Firebird's type of place.
4	Love spending lunch here!  Nice atmosphere and excellent service!
3	Blackthorne and I have a longstanding relationship. We're like two family members. Or coworkers. Yes. That's likely the best way to categorize it.I've gone here for lunch 43 times, so my review is based on that experience.One of the things I appreciate most about Blackthorne is the design and artistry of the place. The atmosphere seems to be well-planned, and the lighting implemented with true flair. It is a very modern and clean combination of black leather, dark woods and stone. The restroom has a classic white wall feel to it near the urinals, and a fully private bathroom stall, as if you were in a country club or high end steakhouse.For lunch, a portion of the menu is titled The Lunch Deal Formerly Costing $9.95. It's not actually called that, but the price increased, and the section shrank. This deal consists of various combinations of food plus a drink. Our server often brings us complimentary corn muffins, which are nice. She's nice, too.My standard order is the half sandwich plus soup plus a side and a drink. The sandwich is turkey or ham (both with Swiss cheese), or tuna or chicken salad, on white, wheat or rye bread.The soup is Brunswick Stew or the soup of the day. The salad is a basic house or Caesar, but I've only ordered the house. You can actually count soup or salad as your side and so you get a half sandwich, a salad and soup plus a drink for $10.95. Which is a fair deal at today's sit-down restaurant prices. I guess.The Brunswick Stew is quality. Rich, hearty, and satisfying.Another item available for $10.95 is the Turkey and Bacon Croissant. It's a good portion of turkey, and you can choose the cheese. The bacon can make it slightly more greasy than I would like, but that's freshly fried bacon of which I speak. So we accept this.Matt Hassey orders the Bacon Burger whenever it is offered as a special, and succeeds in causing the other lunch patrons to covet said burger.They have a private room that seats up to 20 with retractable doors and an overhead projector for presentations.The rooftop is rock solid on a pleasant evening. Full bar and menu available up there. I've seen a DJ playing.
1	Wow, what an incredible disconnect between the very fancy and elegant-sounding menu (including the prices) and what actually comes out of the kitchen.  Started with the calamari which sounded delicious on the menu...not expecting to get rubbery bland calamari (which was grocery store quality, nothing more) and a literal spoonful of bland sauce.  Wife and I got salads, blackened shrimp on top were decent--however Caesar dressing was bland and tasted bottled--croutons were simply awful.  Wine was good but overpriced (can get a bottle at Total Wine for what one glass cost). Waiter was good.  $100 for mediocre-less than mediocre food frankly just makes me angry-- can spend that amount at other area restaurants and get a FANTASTIC meal.
4	Checked out the rooftop bar last night. It was like a little oasis with a bunch of activity in the middle of a quiet shopping center. There was a line singing guitar player with a nice set list of rock and 80s music. Service was very good and attentive and they don't rush you. The calamari appetizer was good with the sauce as the best part. Not your usual calamari so a nice change. I went with the shrimp and scallops with grits. It was dark by the time I was eating it and I haven't even examined the pic I took so I am guessing it looked great. It was tasty. I loved the creamy grits. Not soupy, just perfect. Not a whole lot of scallops from what I can tell but overall I like the dish. The crowd was a mix of single minglers around the bar and coupes and groups having dinner. There is also downstairs outside seating if you want to be outside and still hear the music but not hear all the bar noise.
4	Food was very good. We sat in the bar area there were 6 of us, the service was not very good at all.  The mussels were incredible the prawns were so so the lobster/crab dip was really good.  They have an upstairs outdoor patio area but get there early for a seat very small.
2	I went here for dinner with two colleagues on a Monday night. I was overall very disappointed. I had high expectations as I heard the place was good from an acquaintance. One of our drinks was made wrong, they forgot to put olive juice in a dirty martini. The appetizer of spinach artichoke dip was decent, average spin dip. I got tuna poki and a side caesar salad. The tuna had a bit of a strange after taste and the salad greens tasted chemically. My friend had the garden pasta and didn't care for it at all. My other colleague had the shrimp scallop grits and he was disappointed in the taste. The food was just very off. Service was excellent though as was the decor/atmosphere. I wish I could give it a higher score.
4	I have not eaten here lately but do stop in on occasion after work for social gatherings and for grabbing bevvies with various co-workers.The bartenders are very friendly & attentive... Unlike a lot of other places in this area. There is also a super-cool outdoor bar upstairs with plenty of seating for those after-work social hours.I did not get a chance to sample the appetizers at the last event, but what I saw looked yummy.
5	This is our favorite nice date night restaurant.  I love the fact that their menu changes seasonally.  I have been multiple times for dinner and everything has been done so well.  Highly recommend it!
5	Roof deck is amazing with live music, but soft enough to actually keep the conversation going with your crew. Enjoy it.
4	A good staple lunch spot for the corporate offices nearby - they tend to be a little slow during the rush, but the changed menu was a SMART move. Love love love my Cobb salad! Guinness dessert is pretty tasty too! Waitstaff is ALWAYS top-notch. Seriously, one of the most impressive staff in terms of friendliness - but to my earlier point about slow during the rush, they sometimes need more help.
2	My husband and I were celebrating our 23rd wedding anniversary weekend, and I suggested Blackthorne, as I have eaten there with friends, but he as never been to the restaurant.  We arrived a little after 6:30pm, and there was no one at the hostess stand to greet us.  We waited a few minutes, and then I popped my head around to the bar area, and caught the bartender's attention.  She looked at me and continued talking to two people at the bar.  She didn't bother to acknowledge our presence or to go and get someone to seat us.  The bar area, as well as the restaurant was fairly empty, with just a few tables of customers.  My husband and I continued to wait at the hostess stand, and then we were approached by a customer who wanted to know where the nearest gas station was located, so that he could go get some cigarettes.  Yes, we were standing there that long. I finally walked over to the bar and asked the bartender if we could be seated.  She told me to "wait a minute", to which one of the customers told me to relax and wait.  The customer then proceeded to spill a beer all over himself and the bar.  At that point the bartender reluctantly took us to a table.  I asked her to send a manager over to speak to us.  The manager came out and cleaned a table,  glanced our direction, and walked away.  When our server finally came to our table, I asked to speak to the manager.  He came to our table a few minutes later.  I asked if the bartender had let him know that we needed to speak with him,  His response, "she said that you all had been waiting a while, but didn't tell me that you wanted to talk to me."  SERIOUSLY.  What manager would not immediately go apologize to customers who had to wait in an empty restaurant to be seated at a table???  He gave a mild apology.  This is the worst service that I have ever received in a restaurant, and never mind that we spent $100 for dinner.
1	We came tonight to use a coupon we bought, and I should have read the most current review before I bought the coupon. Just like the other reviewer, we arrived and waited at the hostess stand... and waited... and waited. I poked my head around to the bar side and the dining room side and saw people working (and eating), but no one ever came to the hostess stand. A waiter even walked by us twice on his way out to the patio and back in, and he never even acknowledged us. After 10 minutes of waiting, we cancelled our reservation on OpenTable and went to Vine, where we had a fantastic experience. Now I'm stuck with a coupon I don't even want to use because I have no interest in going back.
4	Damn decent bar food at somewhat reasonable prices. Was it the best flatbread I've ever had? No. Were the wings the best ever? No. Was the place open later than others? Yes. Was the service good? Yes! Was it a great place for me and 6 other Yelpers to bond and have a great time? YUP YUP YUP!Us Yelpers thought that this place deserved better than 3 stars, so we each decided to give it that fourth or even fifth star (I wouldn't go that high but certainly the experience makes it a 4 star place).
3	How old am I that still succumb to peer pressure?  A group of us were heading out from the Secret Chocolatier Yelp event nearby, and wanted to grab a quick, light bite.  I thought I could just sneak away to get some work assignments completed ...but that didn't happen.  I told myself to stay briefly, but ended up having beer, some wings, and friggin' PORK CHOPS!  (w/shout-out to Wintry Mix Tonya P - thanks, I owe you one!)The food was solid, but nothing to write home about.  Their fried pickles (yeah, I had some of that too) were lightly battered unlike most places and tasted ok. Their dipping sauce or whatever it was, could be better.  Same goes for the wing sauce - pure Tabasco is whack.  The wings smelled delicious and glistened under the dining room lighting, but underwhelming without proper dipping sauces.  The pork chop was yummy, as was the "sweet potato mashed potatoes" (that can't be what it's called).  I like me some asparagus, but these were grilled and just didn't seem to go well with the rest of the dish.  Juicy pork chops were topped with a sweet chutney, the "sweet mashed potatoes" (that can't be right either) had the soft texture, but then you had these grilled, wilted asparagus.  Contrast/texture is fun for dinner, but this didn't work.  Service and ambiance was nice throughout dinner until about 10:15PM when they turned on the lights to gently nudge us out.  Stuff like that kinda sucks too because you feel un-welcomed.  But that's getting picky - we were grateful their kitchen was open, and the server was nice. Will I come back? Meh, doubt it.  Will I come back if fellow Yelpers say, "C'mon, you wuss.  All the cool kids are staying, don't you want to be cool?"  You bet your a$$ I will.  #iwishthaticouldbelikethecoolkids dmo out.
4	Popped in for an "after-party" with several new Yelp friends after the Yelp event in the same plaza. The seven of us got a nice booth in the corner where we got to be rowdy (ish) and not disturb the other patrons (much).I ordered a plate of fried pickles for the table and someone else ordered chicken wings. The pickles were lightly battered, almost a tempura, and the pickle taste wasn't sharp at all. Very good. The wings were quite meaty but the sauce was rather boring, almost straight Tabasco.PositivesKelli did a good job taking care of us, including splitting the check and keeping us appropriately topped up with drinks.The restaurant was comfortable and the food was good.OMB Captain Jack on draft.I had a half Caesar salad, which was priced right. The "add chicken" brought it up to $9.ComplaintsAt 10:15, the lights came up. Like "Okay, folks. Time to leave!"
