4	If you're looking for a man, this should be your next destination. Men love this place. (A coworker of mine met her fiance eating lunch here and now lives in Tampa, so if you're in the market for a burrito and a cross-country move, you might want to give it a try.)My favorite? I love the spicy Barbacoa soft tacos (3 per order), in which they use shredded beef braised for hours and saturated with tastiness. Their meat is all naturally raised, if that's important to you. C'mon, not a fan of injected hormones in your meat? Pfffff. But, in all seriousness: the toppings are fresh, crunchy and delicious. Go fajita style, if you're so inclined, the carmelized onions and sauteed peppers are tasty. Tip: If you're a burrito type of guy (or, less likely statistically, girl), they come standard with rice. If you're not a fan of starch, ask them to skip it.
5	*I made a page back in July for this location, but whenever I try to check in this is the only Chipotle that shows up so whatev!I have loved Chipotle for many years now. I even have one of their shirts that say "Addicted" on it. I have been to 6 Chipotle locations in the valley & loved them all. But I love this location the most now because it is less than 5 minutes from my house, yay! I don't think they have been open for more than 2 weeks, which explains why they're a little slow but the employees here are friendly & generous with the portions. My Hubby & I get the same thing every time, bowls! His: chicken, rice, pinto beans, fajita veggies, a lil tomato salsa, cheese & lettuce. Mine: steak, EXTRA rice, no beans & EXTRA tomato salsa. Yummy in our tummies!!
3	Ahh, Chipotle, a college kid's dream: cheap, copious amounts of Mexican food that is actually very good for being mass produced. You can get what you want, it's good for gluten intolerant people like me because I can get a few different things, and this Chipotle in particular is in a really convenient location; it's across the parking lot from a super target, and there's a self serve yogurt place nearby, so you can get dessert! YAY! Alright, here's my "beef" with Chipotle.. HAHA! See what I did there? (I am so unfunny...) In my honest opinion, it's inconsistent. There have been times I've eaten there and my tacos or salad are perfect and I have a really good experience there. Then there are times where the rice wasn't salted correctly or something, I have no idea what happened, but all I know is when I took a bite of rice I immediately spit it out because it was so over salted. Really, it was crunchy because there was so much salt in it. Same goes for their proteins. I try to switch it up between barbacoa, chicken, and carnitas, and with each there has been at least one occurrence where it was way too salty and I couldn't eat it. Maybe I'm just being a the kind of customer that restaurants hate, but if a place has had multiple occasions where the food is so salty it can't be eaten, then they're going to start having some serious problems.My only other issue is there's one guy who works there who I think is trying to flirt with me, so he way overfills my tacos or salad with whatever protein I get. It's a tad suggestive, don't you think? I'm not saying I hate Chipotle at all, in fact, I really like the concept that you can get whatever you want, at a good price, and you know that they're using quality ingredients. They're just really big fans of salt.
4	I would not normally spend time reviewing a chain restaurant like this but I had to after the service I received there this past weekend. My husband and I ordered online before heading over there. We asked for our salsa on the side and were a little bummed when we got there and it was actually on our items. The cashier was very accomodating and quickly had our order remade and gave us a free drink while we waited. He also gave us extra free chips with our remade order. We were very happy with the customer service at this location!
4	Everyone already knows how good Chipotle is, but this location has always given us good service, they are pretty speedy. They screwed up on on line order we placed once, and they fixed it right away and gave a free drink and extra chips, really cool we weren't even mad.
5	Yummy!
4	Their lime-cilantro rice has such a great flavor - goes with their veggie dishes as well as those for the carnivores
1	Completely uncommon for me to rate Chipotle low, but tonight's food service and prep of the rice & beans was horrible resulting in a very poor tasting meal.   Note, just last week I rated this same Chipotle 4 stars and it was deserved, but tonight makes me think this place is VERY INCONSISTENT.I was third in a line of four people, not a very busy time at all.  Server was in a rush, a inexcusable whirling tizzy and she didn't steam my burrito well, gave me half portions of rice, black beans and chicken.  It sat there next to the guy in front of me who had ordered the exact same thing and mine was embarassingly small compared to his.  It was blatantly obvious how skimpy mine was as the two sat next to each other.She was in such a flustered rush that after passing mine from her station to "topping guy" and then not seeing it immediately move as it was queued up behind the guy in front that she returned to move both 6 more inches as if that would get things out of her sight.  It didn't, but who cares if it takes a few more minutes?Besides a lack of flavors, the textures were affected too.  When I received mine the tortilla hadn't been steamed well meaning it was thick and cold rather than the typical warm and soft texture.  The Cilantro rice is usually a highlight but dimished and completely lacked flavor.  Black beans were nearly missing so their normally sweet flavor was semi-absent and the cold, thick tortilla dough dominated the flavors of this Burrito.Many of the tables were dirty and hadn't been cleaned in a while.Sorry I stopped by.  You want to see the service staff that made this such a bad experience, look at the photo I posted.
2	Food is good but this location has terrible slow service going back to since they first opened. Go to the metro center location insteadAddress is wrong on yelp, its near 7th street
4	I wouldn't normally review a chain restaurant, but this one is literally around the corner from me. In the year or so since they've opened this location, I've always received friendly, speedy, good service & my orders have been spot on! Great location too, there's a self serve frozen yogurt place down the sidewalk for dessert & other foodie places if your friends all don't agree on one place to eat :) The bowls & soft tacos are my personal favorites.
5	This place rocks.. they can get busy but they hammer right through and you get fresh food!The freaking cook is amazing to watch as he dices and slices. I swear he is gonna loose a digit. Fun to pass time as you wait in line!They have always been clean, quick and really nice here.
4	I was really excited to visit a Chipotle outside of California... It was basically the same as any other Chipotle. The food was delicious, and the restaurant and restroom was clean and well kept.I went in during the lunch rush, but the staff was very efficient and the wait wasn't too long.I usually get the steak or chicken burritos, and I contemplated branching outside of my comfort zone. I wanted to try the barbacoa, and they were more than happy to provide me with a sample. I ended up not liking it (my favorite is the barbacoa from Cafe Rio), and stuck to my steak burrito.My only complaint is that they didn't put enough steak in my burrito ;)-R
5	YUM!!!!  This is by FAR one of our families FAVORITE Chipotle stores.  The food here is always awesome and super fresh.  Now, I know everyone knows the food is spectacular and fresh, but what they may not realize is how great and friendly the staff is, especially Casey who helped us out this last time we were in.   Also, I have to admit that I hate waiting in line (since who can resist this place) so we always order online, drive to the store and walk straight to the counter and never have to wait.  Nothing better than an inexpensive, high quality meal with no clean up!  Thanks!
4	When I want something quick but I don't want to feel gross this is always a go to spot for me.  Inexpensive, filling and reasonably healthy (if you skip the sour cream, cheese and taco shells haha).I love a good burrito bowl!!!  If only this place wasn't right next to a Five Guys.  I feel like it's always Russian roulette about which one I'll pick haha.
4	Gotta love Chipotle -- always there to help you out when you need a quick bite. This location is no exception.
5	THIS is one of my fav places in all of PHX.  I eat here about twice a week and they know me!  I love the staff and the quality.  When you tell them you are Gluten Free they immediately take off their gloves, wash their hands and put on new gloves.  They then change out each utensil in the dishes you want to have and then make your bowl or tacos to order.  At this location they are all very cool about it and don't make you feel like you are a pain in the patooty for doing it either!  They always smile and have a good time while they wait on you and IF your to go order isn't ready?  They've always given me a free drink while I wait.  Many restaurants could learn a thing or two from seeing this crew work!  Even when busy (and they almost ALWAYS are) they make you feel important!
5	We love Chipotle in general, but this is the location we most often go to. Friendly efficient service even when very busy and awesome food! Can't beat it!
2	The slowest chipotle by far, be ready to wait ...It was Saturday evening and the place was packed!!! The line was going out the door. I am used to long lines at Chipotle, but they usually move pretty fast. People who work there are always very quick and on top of their tasks. Well not the case here. I understand that work area needs to be cleaned and more food ordered, but when you have 20 people waiting in line forever you have to move. My bf walked over to Paradise Bakery, waited in line there, had his sandwich prepared, walked back and still waited about 5-8 minutes with me. Only I I wasn't that hungry, no way I would wait that long
4	Its all good but anything with steak makes me really happy!!
5	Great organic food
5	Today I went to chipotle I even called in advance to see if they were open. I waited outside for about 5 minutes I was the first guest in line I ordered my usual salad. Then when it came to check out a very nice young lady who was the manger that morning told me she was sorry for any inconvenience and that she will take care of my lunch today it was very nice! They will always have my business because their is always excellent customer service
4	Went Wednesday night at 9 pm very busy and always good!
5	I love Chipotle. I've been to quite a few of the locations around town and all have been fairly consistent, aside from one that is AWFUL (cough cough... by Metrocenter... cough cough) and now this one which was AMAZING!Maybe it was a fluke, I don't know, but if every Chipotle's food tasted as good as this did, I believe the chain would become even more successful.The flavors seemed more amped up than usual. Take the lime-cilantro rice for example. This is the FIRST time I have ever really tasted the lime! It wasn't overpowering, but gave the burrito a wonderfully tangy kick. That alone was probably the main reason it tasted so much better to me (and my roommate). The chicken also seemed like it might've had a tad bit more seasoning. I don't know but it was really awesome!I sincerely hope that this is not a one-time occurrence. It was really delicious and has reawakened my craving of Chipotle! Good thing this location is fairly close to home!
5	We go here at least once a week.It's always crowded but timing is everything..we try to get there with the busy time has died down a bit.Always clean, and always great service.
2	I wish this wasn't the closest Chipotle to my house. Their biggest problem here is inconsistency. The portions are never the same, you have to keep repeating yourself. Sometimes they give you a good scoop of rice, other times you can still clearly see the bottom of the bowl. I always get a vegetarian salad, with the vegetarian options Guacamole is included. Countless times when I say I want guac they tell me it's $1.80. Instead of correcting I just say OK with the hopes the cashier is smarter than the salsa girl. Countless times there hasn't been any hot sauces put out. None by the soda machine, none on any of the tables. We try to avoid this location at all costs, unfortunately it's the closest one to home. I just wish they would train their staff better and be more consistent.
4	I'm new to the area and I eat at chipotle all the time, but this one has obnoxious employees... Kind of takes away from the vibe of choppltle.. The only one who was normal was the cashier. I mean is there a manger around? Lol, food is still bomb, but I will probably go to different I e from now. It's u fortunate that it's so close to my house though.
1	I hate this location!My boyfriend picked up food to-go Wednesday night and for the SECOND time liquid soaked through the bowl and through the bag! This does NOT happen at other locations. There was so much liquid at the bottom of my bowl it looked like soup.
4	I love Chipotle. The menu is very basic, consisting of burritos, bowls, and tacos with various very fresh rice, beans, meats, salsas, and cheese. Basic, but very very tasty.   This location is closest to home so it gets our business regularly.  I'm dropping one star in my review for the relative slowness of this location. In some Chipotles, a line out the door still moves quickly. This location just isn't as fast. When they're busy and you're hungry, it can get a little frustrating. Also, the line wraps awkwardly in front of the door. Once you get your food, the line slowness becomes a worry of the past. The barbacoa burritos are especially good and I like the chips with medium salsa.
5	Quality food and quality service ! The workers are always in a giddy mood laughing and smiling. The carnitas burrito is always on point (what i always get) and the vibe at this location sets the mood just right cashier always greets with a smile and tells me to have a nice night (they should wear nametags) i recommend this location !
5	I have been here a few times, no complaints.But today, the line was almost out the door for lunch. They had 6 people working the front counter to insure each step was done in a timely fashion. It was quicker than a fast food drive through and my chicken burrito bowl is delicious! I love that Chipotle is an inexpensive option for a healthy meal. Everyone there seemed to enjoy their job also. I will be returning for lunch again soon.
4	I came for dinner after work, and it was my first trip to this location. The line was huge but moved quickly.  The staff was friendly and the food awesome as always at every chipotle I've been to. Would definitely recommend them, and will certainly be back!
1	This location is the worst Chipotle I've been to. I place online orders often and they are very rarely ready on time. Today I arrived 15 minutes AFTER the pick-up time I chose and it still wasn't ready. They also forgot part of my order. I only ever order steak and when I go to this location my bowl is almost always full of fatty steak pieces.  Very much looking forward to the location at 27th Ave and Deer Valley opening soon.
1	This Chipotle location is awful. Being a huge fan of this chain, I know how things should be better than most of the staff - only because I have been going since most of them were in elementary school. Service was awful. It took forever to get through the line because the employees just don't listen and don't pay attention well enough. The shift lead, or whoever the heck it was bouncing around was completely flustered (probably because he saw how awful it was at that moment) and was rude to me. I could barely get a tray for my food without him letting out a loud sigh. The food was not up to par either. The steak was fatty and chewy, the chicken rubbery. The folded the burrito weird so the sour cream and cheese was at one end and everything else on the other. It was a bad experience, and I wont be back to this location.
4	This location was pretty good. They were packed but still managed to get our order right. I would say they were adequately staffed for the lunch rush (line was about 10 people when we arrived).
1	So I read the reviews and as usual I don't pay too much attention to them because I like to make my own judgment on a place based on my experience so with that said I went in to the restaurant at 9:40 pm which is 20 minutes till close but they had over 12 employees working at what seemed full throttle which is typical for young folks trying to get off and out on a Friday night. I have to add that Chipotle is one of my favorite places to get food and having children and bills it's almost a treat to have being that for only me and my girlfriend it was 21 dollars. I got to the restaurant and there was a line. Usually a line for Chipotle but always moves fast I ordered 2 burritos, chicken for my girl and steak for me so as he was making my burrito I asked for half barbocoa and half steak he asked if I wanted double meat or just half and half and I said half and half. Well the barbocoa pan was full of meat so he gave me a tong full and the steak pan had less than a big spoon full literally 5 little pieces of steak and rather than get something fresh from what they were cooking behind him he passed my burrito off to the next stage of the burrito making phase and as i stood there looking at the 2 burritos with the meat on the rice my girls burrito had almost triple the meat mine had so rather than be a jerk and make a complaint I just asked for double meat which the guy from the next phase of the burrito making he grabbed a heaping cup full of meat. The little cups they usually put the salsa or other sides in and it was what the amount was for being a single meat burrito I asked him to go light on the hot salsa because let's face it that stuff can melt the paint off of a car if you tried. Lol but the guy put a whole ladle full. I just shook my head to which he didn't notice and started wrapping my burrito after placing the other ingredients I asked for in it. So final stage of the transaction of the burrito making production line the cash register guy asked if I wanted some chips or anything else. I love the lime salted chips and of course said yes. I didn't notice the size of the chips till I got home and to a great disappointment the chips were hardly filled to the bottom of the letters of the bag where it says Chipotle.  Which you get more if you buy a 1.49 bag from the store. So very disappointing and to have payed 21 dollars for food that was poorly put together and skimped on for chips and meat  which I had to pay double just to get what I should have gotten for the single meat price mind you, also the non existing bag of chip's. I will make sure they never get my hard earned money ever again. How could such an amazing chain become so non amazing over the last few years? For me I know that I won't be going back to this location or any of their locations which is terrible because of this experience and I truly hope my review reaches out and makes someone think twice before they go overpaying for poor food and poor service at Chipotle. Smh
1	DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. I've  loved Chipotle for years so I'm really bummed out about this one because its closest to me ....this is the WORST chipotle I've ever been to. EVERY SINGLE piece of chicken in my bowl is ALWAYS either a disgustingly chewy piece of fat or a charred piece of something that tastes like its been scraped off the grill at the end of the night...so upsetting. The empolyees clearly do not care what you eat and the quality of the food, its really just too bad. Please for your own sake do not go here....there is a great  Mexican place right across the street in the frys parking lot.
4	In my opinion this is not only the best Mexican fast food restaurant there is, it is also the healthiest!The food always tastes fresh!  My only complaint is the long lines.
1	Have had 3 bad experiences at this location. One was when they gave me the wrong food when I ordered online, then the next time they messed up half of my online order and then the 3rd time I went into dine they made my burrito so small it was not filling. They are extremely conservative with all of their burrito making. Would not recommend going to this location.
2	Man what happened this location has gone downhill in the past few months wheres the old crew that made this location special!!!!?????
3	I really enjoy this chain, the fresh food, the nice staff and the quick nature of being able to get your food despite a massive to-the-door line. This location had most of these bases covered, but feel a little short on others. So, let's "Oreo" sandwich this review (good, bad, good). They had a line when we arrived, even though it was 8:30 p.m., but they moved it quickly and with purpose. The staff was nice when arrived to the front and it was our turn to order.I had carnitas tacos, as per my usual, topped with mild, cheese and sour cream. I thought it was a bit odd that they put my tacos into the burrito bowl instead of the usual plastic basket, but hey, a carrier is a carrier. The carnitas was completely cold...not luke warm...but cold. Still edible and tasted okay, but not what I was wanting or expecting. The main seating area was a bit chaotic and messy, but like I said earlier, it was busy and they had a decent sized line, so turn around on tables was probably just behind and playing catch up. The overall restaurant was clean as a whole though, if you didn't count the tables needed a little TLC and before we left, the line died down and they were making a visible effort to touch the place up from the rush, so yay!Overall: BNot my best Chipotle visit, but not a loss by any means. "A-OK"
1	Normally I love chipotle and get good service at the Zocallo Plaza store. But tonight I came in to this store and the one girl couldn't figure out how to make 1 cheese & 1 steak quesadilla or seemed like she didn't want to make it & asked a guy who was just getting off work (end of shift) to do it. Then the mngr told him he had to go but I got my two quesadillas, chips and guacs, made it to the register and the cashier dumps all the food in 1 small bag! 2 nice chilled guacs thrown upside down on top of 2 hot quesadillas with a bag of chips on top! So here's what really got me: I asked for a larger bag and was told "the manager does not allow these to be given out unless you are buying at least two salads or bigger/more items"! Really??? I spent $14.51 and I am refused a larger bag??? The cashier was not budging, repeated her manager wouldn't allow it - I even offered to purchase the damn larger bag! So then I requested & got a 2nd small bag which I transferred the 2 cold guacs & chips into myself! Chipotle, you need to get a grip on your franchise operations - stores like this bring your rep waaaaay down! I won't be back here EVER!
4	Fastest chipotle I have ever been to! I live closer to the one by metro center mall but the service is so slow that I have stopped going as often.  This chipotle is fast, courteous, and they didn't skimp on the guacamole.
5	They're very fast at this location and I haven't had a bad experience yet. They do a great job and the staff is very nice. I go around lunch time and you know they can have a line all the way to the door but I'm out in 10 minutes with multiple orders for the office.
1	Okay im not one to EVER hate on chipotle but I came here today asking for a quesarito which I get at every chipotle and know how they make it at every one. So we came to this one because we just happened to be on this side of town and they presume to tell me that I dont know how its made, and they just fold the tortilla over to melt thw cheese inside my burrito but they CHARGED me for a quesadilla and a burrito? Um last time I checked im pretty sure a quesadilla was two tortillas with cheese melted inside. SO would they have charged me extra for a "quesadilla" if I would of just said I wanted melted cheese in my burrito? ON TOP of that they put my toppings in a bowl and then put them on my "quesarito" after.. and I took 3 bites into my burrito and all it consists of is lettuce. The burrito continued all the way to the bottom in layers of what I wanted on it so by the time I got to the bottom I was only eating steak. (See picture) Absolutely terrible. So disappointed and I will NEVER attend this chipotle again. Maybe they should learn from another chipotle in scottsdale how to get things right. I love chipotle but this is the worst managed chipotle ove ever been to from los Angeles to new york!
4	Only my second time at a Chipotle. I haven't quite figured out why they are so popular. But the food is good nonetheless.This location is clean. Very modern. The staff was courteous. Plenty of seating.I was meeting my son for lunch around noon. There was a line, but it moved quickly.I ordered a salad. Okay. Romaine in a bowl. Did I want beans? No. I added veggies, salsa, and sofritos?? Soy. The soy was good. I love meat, but was watching calories, and the sofritos were a low calorie option. I added some Pico and was good to go.They do have an online nutritional counter if you need to figure out calories. I was happy with what I got, and it tasted very good! Would definitely go back!!
4	Expect to wait a minimum of 15 minutes before your order is taken. The lines are always very long.  I suppose that means they are doing well.  I go here fairly often and I notice that the staff seems to turn over a lot.  Perhaps this is just typical of a fast food joint. The food is delicious every time.  It's really really flavorful so I hope you like spice!  The food is quality and taste is always consistent and the staff is always nice.  One thing that bothers me is the inconsistency among my orders.  I usually get the kids taco meal. Sometimes they give me 2 tacos and sometimes they give me one.  Sometimes the meat is on the side sometimes not.  I honestly don't know which one is right so I never correct them.  It just seems odd to me that there is so much confusion on how to prepare one of very few menu options.
1	I placed my order online. Got home and my burrito was made wrong. I called back to let them know and they said just come back in. I informed her that I need my steak well done. It was not done well done by the time I got there so I had to wait ten minutes. As soon as I walked up I asked to speak to the manager...the girl at the front desk says she already told Management what had happened. So, I asked for the Manager again. The Manager finally comes out and I express to them that if I ask for a Manager I should be given a Manager. I also expressed my poor experience and how customers should be acknowledged by Management if there is a problem. This particular Manager didn't care so I asked for a refund and I will not be going back to Chipotle (ANY location) until customer service practices have improved.
