5	One of the best places in Montreal for Greek food! The owner, Tsatoumas, is one of the nicest woman ever and will make you feel right at home in her restaurant. Her tzatziki is the most authentic one I've tasted since Greece and she makes an eggplant dip that goes great with so many things. The restaurant itself is so clean and professional, and amazingly well decorated. If you are looking for a quick and delicious home-cooked meal I would certainly try this place. Look them up on facebook (Produits Ilios) so see their menu!
4	Was walking along St. Denis, after stopping to get some cupcakes at Dliche, and this little Greek looking sign caught my partner's eye (she's Greek). We walked into a very pleasant little shop. It has a few imported jars of things like olives, roasted peppers, and oils, and a small counter and just a few tables. The owner makes quite a few things that are what my partner called 'home-cooking' style Greek food. Nothing fancy, but not souvlaki pita either. We chatted with the owner a bit, a very nice woman, while her boys played in the back. We went home with a Spanakopita (spinach and cheese in filo pastry) and a piece of Pastitsio (ground beef on top of macaroni, with mashed potatoes on top). Both were quite good. We will definitely be back to sample some more of her items. She has some very tasty looking deserts that I think I'll try next!
5	Randomly saw this little shop on St. Denis and my gut told me to go inside.  I was looking for something sweet to bring to a friend's house and some chocolate covered baklava spoke to me.  I grabbed 2 of those and then began chatting with the Owner whom, as the other reviewers wrote, was sooo sweet and friendly, we started chatting about greek food and I became so enticed I decided to grab the last piece of Moussaka for dinner the next night.  folks, the Moussaka was incredible.  I heated it up in the oven and it was honestly one of the most delicious morsels of greek food I've ever had in my life.  the potatoes were fluffy and light and dreamy and the meat was tender and perfectly seasoned and it's only 10:30am right now, but I want another piece.  The Owner said it was her Grandfather's recipe and I'm going to go back there today just to tell her she nailed it, get another piece and try some of her other recommendations.  This place is close to home, I'll be going again and again.
