3	This was actually quaint and clean for such a small place. There are no coin machines though but there are plenty of small businesses around to go and get change at. There is a television in the back and places to sit in the front. The million dollar question we were asking ourselves was, why is there cup of noodle soup in the vending machine of a laundromat? There are no microwaves here people. What are you going to make soup in the washer?
1	This place was nasty dirty; machines filthy.  My last time coming here
1	STAY AWAY & Don't Waste Your Money!!This place is terrible, there's no one here. The machine is set up to take your money & then it doesn't work!  These people need to be reported bc THEY ARE THIEVES RIPPING PEOPLE OFF!!  There's NO PHONE NUMBER POSTED ANYWHERE (they must've gotten tired of all the complaints!) & when I called the phone number I found here online ...GUESS WHAT?  You get an annoying fax machine sound.  I think that's their way of saying F You!  THE MACHINES DON'T WORK- The soap dispensers don't work... it's a joke!Whoever owns this place is raking in the money & exerting ZERO EFFORT. I see a sign that says the doors automatically lock automatically at 8pm- no one even comes to lock up. (I'll bet they sneak in the back door & empty the machines at night)  They're prob afraid everyone's getting sick of their s$!+ & is waiting for them to show up!  And they SHOULD BE AFRAID!  That's what happens when you're in the biz of ripping people off!Take my advice & stay away- drive further if you have to- bc it will be cheaper in the long run. I'm taking the one load I was able to put in the one machine & I'm taking it to another laundromat to dry- bc these scumbags aren't getting one more quarter from me.  Then... When I get home I'm going online to file a formal complaint.  There's enough good people in this world who are honest & appreciate our business. Life's too short to do business with CROOKS.
2	Here today to wash rugs.  9:30AM Sunday.  I have used this laundry for the last time.  In past, I have used the jumbo washers for my home throw rugs and for large bedding--comforters etc.  No one was staffed today, the machines to buy laundry detergent --none one of the 4 slots worked.  Chairs are grossly filthy (and I am not exaggerating--I am going to upload the pictures)--and broken.  They have never been cleaned--and they are supposed to be white.  This place is not clean and no one cares apparently.  Last time.  For pricing I'll share:  $5 for jumbo washers, the largest.  They do a good job, and today they seemed to be all working.  Bigger dryers, 25-cents for 5 min (75-cents for 15-min--which is not quite enough for rugs on medium heat)
