2	Ughhhh...average quality with a high cost. The food was not bad by any means but for how much you have to pay, it is a little ridiculous. The fish tacos were actually pretty good. If you are looking for a quick fix and do not mind a high price it is a pretty easy place to go. I guess you pay for the convenience of it being in your hotel.
5	Ok, so I'm staying at Circus-Circus this week and trying a few of their restaurants. I'm super-picky about chicken, especially at random Mexican joints and even more so in a tourist filled atmoshphere. My chicken has to be white meat and if they can stew it and it becomes shredded even better. THis actually is pretty rare (at least in Vegas) and I wasn't expecting much after watching a plate of nachos come out of the kitchen with that heavy cheese wiz sauce drenched on top of the chips. Ok, so 3 tacos are only $6 bucks and I went with soft shells and oh what a surprise and great value. THe chicken was stewed in the traditional mexican sauce of tomatoes and other spices and there were chunks of white chicken and shredded chicken overflowing on my three huge soft corn tortillas - yes soft corn. THe tacos were adorned simply with lettuce and shredded cheese, but the flavor of the meat was so good that i couldn't get enough. On my second night there, I tried the guac and all sides are just $1. The guac was chunky and had tomatoes and scallions and it was nice and cold and the chicken was equally good that night as well. This is solid homemade stuff and a shocking find for any fans of good Mexican cooking. Oh, its on the Adventuredome (promenade) level and the cashier is also really nice who takes your order.
2	Snack bar quality! According to one in our party, the chicken was as good as the other review states. Carnitas good as well. Fish tacos...DRENCHED in grease...yuck!...heartburn. Nachos were okay, if you like cheese whiz. Typical glorified frozen food. Yuck!
1	Horrible service. Place was dead. Did not even honor my coupon. Stay away from this place! The manager did not even bother to come out. They definitely do not take their customers very seriously so I would not trust them with my food.
4	Pros: Affordable, generous with their meat, fast serviceCons: sublime environment, darkly place, smoky at times coming in from casinos
1	If you think you're going to get Mexican food, go somewhere else now. I'm from Nor Cal so I think I've been spoiled with Mexican food. We went in here because we were REALLY hungry, there was a line so we thought it was good food. Ordered the chimichanga burrito and the regular chicken burrito. It took a while to get our orders since it was busy dinner time. I was standing at the counter and did realize that they put EVERYTHING in the microwave. We took it to go and when we go to our rooms we realized we hadn't gotten any chips or salsa, and biting into the burritos there was absolutely no flavor in the food. It was like they just through stuff together and hoped for a miracle. Do yourself a favor and keep looking for food...Gordon Ramsey would go crazy if he came in here...
2	Taco Bell is more mexican than this place. Subpar service, good luck finding a place to sit. Limited menu and prices are way more than what you should pay for this food. Its pretty gross. Made us sick. Quesadilla with cold unmelted cheese inside?? yuck! Thought you couldn't go wrong with nachos and ordered that with the carnitas. Meat was cold. Thoroughly enjoyed my ice cold Corona. Find yourself a TacoBell instead.
3	I came here on 7/11/12. My family and I were so hungry after hanging out with the kids at Adventure Dome in Circus Circus. I ordered the Enchilada supreme. It was good but not enough to fulfill my hunger. The serving was very small. If I ordered 2 enchiladas, it would cost around $12-$15. The employees were nice and polite but the food just didn't meet my standards.
2	I mean the prices are really affordable but seriously? I ordered some chips & guacamole at $5.32 & they gave me this miniature container like those salsas containers with a bit of chips to the side. I was like is this a joke? I went back to complain if that was it & sadly it was so I just rolled my eyes & took it. Rip off!! As far as my food I ordered which was a burrito its okay if you're not expecting the real flavors of mexican food. I recommend it if you're hungry & it's your last resort. But don't order the chips it will disappoint you.
4	You know what, for what it is, it was pretty good. Recognize that it's a fast food Mexican restaurant, but compare to a Taco Bell, this is gold! We went because we had a coupon for free nachos and salsa. We ordered burritos with pulled pork. They were pretty alright, although the salsa really added to them. Basically, for the price, I think it was alright. Considering we ate at Mexican restaurants on this trip that were three times the price but no better, I would say, for a quick meal, go for it!
2	I ate here with my family about a month ago and it was absolutely terrible.  Del Taco serves Mexican food more "genuine" than this place.  The beans were bland, the prices were not great and it was not a good experience overall.  The only thing giving this place 2 stars was its sanitation...very clean.  Other than that, my family will never eat here again.
3	Te food is just that "A-OK!" It'll do you after a long trek at the Adventuredome. Don't expect fancy or disgusting greasy food as its far from both of those. Nor is it authentic or honest Mexican Food. Its Fast Food with a slight "Gourmet" Atmosphere and Flavor. I liked it. I got a simple bean burrito. I thought it prices were fairly decent for being in Las Vegas. The place was so busy, but they got the food out pretty quickly
1	Horrible food! My nachos were ice cold asked for new and they microwaved them with the sour cream and guacamole...gag...complainec again and they made new ate a couple chips and cheese and was sick all night...As a local we will never be back
1	One star is generous.... soggy chimichanga.... over-priced....
1	All I can say is that we were starving and needed some heavy food to prepare us for a night on the town. Their food is pretty bad and I'm for certain that my burrito was cooked in a microwave and then smothered with red sauce. The beans they use are definitely canned and probably the cheapest you can buy. I don't know what kind of  beans they were but they were a weird brownish gray color and I picked them out of my burrito. Most Mexican places use refried beans. This place they were whole and undercooked. Yikes! We were lucky that we didn't get food poisoning.
1	We waited 30 minutes for the worst cafeteria food I've had in a long time. Pretty sure they microwaved my burrito...
2	Over priced and needs some seasoning. 'nuff said. If you need some food, eat it. If you want some good food, go elsewhere, like the pizzeria. If you want REALLY good food, leave the parking lot.
2	Good food but horrible service. They're slow and unorganized. I rate it a 2 because the food is good otherwise it'd be a 1 at best.  But the service is not about the customer. We saw what seemed to be a manager poke their head out, see its busy and disappear please.
2	Meh... this is actually pretty bad-to-mediocre Mexican food. Giving it 2 instead of 1 because I got great service despite other reviews. I'd skip it.
2	give the choice between this Taco Bell... I'd take Taco Bell any day of the week. The food was Hot, but that's really it. and I don't mean spicy, I mean tempture wise. The chips were about a day shy of stale, and the carne asada was so tough I could hardly bit all the way through it. For Las Vegas being known for their quality cusine, this is a BAD example. I don't think my husband and I will be staying at Circus Circus ever again, so hopefully we won't be forced to eat here again.
2	Bad customer service, half my order was wrong or messed up, then the lady behind the counter argued with me about it being wrong.Once we finally got it all situated the food was blah....Not even close to authentic, borderline cold, chips were stale, cheese hardly melted.  For as expensive as this place was it was not even close to being worth it.  Wont go back
1	Food was bad, made my son sick all night. I had to take my taco back 2x because it was wrong and then so soggy I could not pick it up. My daughter could not finish the albondigas soup because it was so bad. Everyone claimed the food was the worst Mexican food they had eaten. The enchilada sauce was like ketchup and the albondigas was like watery tomato soup with a meatball.
2	The staff were great but sadly the food wasn't . The chicken didn't have any flavor and had a lot water in it.
1	Not flavorful at all. I'll take Taco Bell over this any day.
4	Of course, when you look at it you think this place is going to be bland & not have any flavor. I ordered the nachos and they were Delicious!!!! They were so gooood. I was surprised. This place has good food. They need more salsa choices but overall pretty great. Check it out.
1	Just horrible!After hours with the kids at Adventuredome, we had worked up quite an appetite. Not wanting the typical carnival food being served there, but also wanting to return to more fun at the Adventuredome, we decided on this place since it was inside Circus Circus. Please slap me if I EVER try a new place without reading some Yelp reviews first. Had I done so, I would have gone back inside for a burger and fries. All of the horrible reviews you're reading are true! I had the  Iguana Chicken Bowl. The pico de gallo was the only thing I actually liked in the bowl. The chicken was dry. The beans were clearly from a can and the rice was completely lacking flavor.My son had the shredded beef tacos. They were full of fat chunks and looked disgusting. Those in my party who had the shredded beef burrito thought it was good, but I suspect that the flavor was enhanced by the extra $1.99 I paid for guacamole to be added to the burrito. The guacamole! They were selling it with a few tortilla chips for FIVE DOLLARS!!!!Not a nice big bowl of it. No. A tiny plastic cup of it. Barely larger than the cups they give you at Pollo Loco for salsa. FIVE DOLLARS!!!!!!!!!!You've got to be kidding me. And if all of that isn't enough for you to walk away from this place, the service was not friendly and the food took FOREVER to be prepared. I'm willing to wait for a decent meal, but if a dining establishment is going to serve SLOP, I expect the food to be ready in under 15 minutes. Heed my warning! You're better off at Taco Bell !
4	Foods are pretty good, love those beans and enviroment are good too. Don't get why the rate are that low on yelp. Order 4 things and barely can finish by 3 people. Love that chicken bowl and the soup.
4	I stopped by with my family to watch the Brazil v Germany soccer game as we were in a rush and leaving Vegas soon after the game. We all settled for Mexican food and the only problem was that the game wasn't on any of their TVs. After asking one of the employees, she gladly changed the channel for us. We got the deluxe nachos are a pre game appetizer. It was delicious and it works as an appetizer for 2-3 people. The shredded beff quesadillas are decent enough and the chicken soft tacos are excellent. The prices were reasonable, but not the best.My only complaint was that it took a while for the food to come out, but there were quite a few people there so it's understandable. Overall this is a great stop if you're at Circus Circus and in the mood for Mexican food.
2	The food was okay. I wouldn't really care to go back. It's just a fast food Mexican restaurant. If you are spending time in Vegas, there are so many other places you could go to.
2	I'm so bummed I even feel like this but they don't even deserve a 3 star. I ordered the chips and salsa, soft tacos, churro and burrito with chicken in it. The salsa was so bland-_-. I love Mexican chips and salsa and this has been the worst (maybe it was a bad batch) . It was also the only "taco sauce" offered for my soft tacos but the "taco sauce" was really the same as the "salsa". I asked the cashier for condiments like sour cream and was told it was in the bag along with the "taco sauce (haha)" , chips and salsa and sour cream. When I looked in the bag there was only "salsa" for my chips.-_-. So I went back to cashier and she tells me that they don't offer sour cream....um ok. It is what it is....at least everything else was positive outside of this place.
1	Was the worse Mexican food I've had in Vegas. El Monterey frozen taquitos, canned salsa and guac, yes the guac here has to be out of a can or container of some sort. The soup was tasteless. I dont think anything is made fresh here. Don't waste your money here.
3	Food is okay. Low cost alternative if willing to sacrifice quality and taste in order to save.  Had the Ultimate burrito.  Not as big as expected for the price.  Service was fast and friendly.  Would come back again.
1	If your looking for real authentic Mexican food this is not the place to go. This is out the box from your local food store (frozen food section) I was very disappointed due to advertising flyers having mouth watering pictures. I ordered the deluxe nachos and the cheese was not even melted. Never will eat here again. False advertising!!
