5	I couldnt have chosen a more perfect place to get my first tattoo.Signifying my life and adding yet another year (it was a birthday gift from my husband) I chose to reflect all that is important to me in a piece that would stay with me forever.The people at Sacred Center Tattoo were all very hospitable and professional. I felt at ease and comfortable knowing that I was in the hands of talented artists--particulary Dee Mata'afa (my tatau artist). Even Samoan Mike's dad greeted me and my husband and made a little small talk to shoot the breeze during my session.I discussed EVERYTHING I wanted symbolized onto my tattoo with Dee and he kept it all under serious intent to make sure I got exactly what I wanted. From symbolism of strength, family, growth, life, protection, to even putting my iconic Filipino sun, he made sure this tattoo had meaning and was NOT just a pretty picture (although, I proudly like to consider it to be the most beautiful tattoo I could ever imagine for me...).Also, in knowing that this was going to be my FIRST tat, I was explained everything prior to the session so I was properly informed. All the precautions and after care...the responsibility of having and caring for my tattoo. Dee made sure I was going to walk away knowing how to make sure I keep my tat looking its best so I can enjoy it and be proud for many many years.I will definitely return for more. If not for myself, then surely for my husband. And when people ask me for testimonials of Sacred Center Tattoo, I am behind this place 100%!Hands down, an establishment based on tradition, talent, and respect. There are no egos...You are treated with as much respect as they are given in return.Thanks, Dee and everyone at Sacred Center Tattoo for making my first tatau experience a memorable one!
5	Samoan Mike is great!!! My boyfriend & I go to Vegas every 2 years for fun and tattoos. Samoan Mike has done my boyfriends full sleeve on his right arm, chest piece and his left arm from his elbow to his wrist. Samoan Mike is the only tattoo artist my boyfriend will let do work on him. We plan to go again in 2010 for his back. Everyone at Sacred Center Tattoo is professional and very courteous. The first time we went we got the chance to meet Mike's mom and dad his whole family is gracious. A deposit is needed to hold your appointment date. Tattoos are reasonably priced for custom work. Good Luck & Happy tatauing.
5	I just left Vegas today. But Yesterday I saw this shop as I was just finishing my conversation with my wife about How I wanted a Certian Samoan Tribal Arm Band. Well to make things short. I met Clay & He turned my Dream Tatoo into Reality! Malo lava Clay! You'll be seeing me soon for More!
5	I wanted to get a an authentic Samoan Tatau without having to go back to the mother island to do so. Did some research online and found several shops and a lady named Tricia Allen who did Samoan Tatau. I visited a the shops in San Diego and didn't like what I saw. Artwork was superimposed and didn't look authentic at all. Had the right designs but the artist only did large designs. And he couldn't tell me the meanings of the symbols. I contacted Tricia Allen and she is an polynesian anthropologist who does tattoos. She told me that if I lifted weights, she wouldn't tattoo me!? Which turned out to be ok because several months later I ran into a guy at the motu hawaii store who had a Trish Allen tattoo that he regrets. The lines were crooked nuff said. Went to Vegas with my family and decided to stop through my final shop I was investigating. I went in Sacred Center and the shop had a very good vibe. I went in and tried to get a sitting but was told that they were booked and it was "by appointment" only. So I just stuck around and looked at tat portfolios in awe, while my girlfriend was finding a restaurant. Just my luck, a cancellation fell on my lap. They offered it to me and I took it. My session was with Samoan Menace (Dennis). He asked me what I wanted and I told him family, money, luck strength health and for him to fill in the rest. It was an 8 hour session with one piss break. Every new segment he inked on me he took the time to explain the symbol and the meaning to make sure I was in the know. My investigation process was a hassle. But you have to do what you gotta do. But the end result was a detailed Samoan Tatau. The shop is friendly and comfortable. This is not your dime a dozen tattoo shop. This shop will cost you more than other shops, but when it comes to tattoo...you get what you pay for. I will pay extra for a flawless tattoo. I will be back there again.  Fa'afetai lava Uso
2	Maybe this place was just not for me. I'm very disappointed as I had made an appointment, or so I thought I did - over 2 weeks in advance. On the day that I walked in to speak to the artist originally. I was told I had to make the appointment, and all that was available was  a few weeks later. I was also told the shop charges $150 an hour for tats, but as I saw some of the freehand tribal art. and.Even as $150 an hour pricey,  I was willing to pay it for some quality ink. I chatted with one of the artists as he flipped through his appointments and told me a day to come in. I waited patiently the 2 weeks or so for the day of the session. When I walked in on my scheduled day, the artist I was set to get work from was working on someone else. I was told by guy  that "he remembered me, but didn't book any appointment for me"... so basically i was SOL. I explained to him that I am on call 7 days a week and had to make special arrangements to be off for this. He just stood there pretending to flip through his book of appointments and offered no alternative as how to remedy the situation.From everything I have seen and read, I think I would have ended up with some amazing art.. however, this is about bad service.. and when I lose money by taking a day off.. and I can't even get the work done.. its maddening.   Better Luck To You!
5	Holy Shite! Are you kidding me?! These guys are A-freakin'-MAZING!!!! We flew into Vegas just to get art from these guys. We sent a down payment in & we were set. Clay, Dennis (who came in on his day off!), & Eugene were awesome! Besides super talent, these guys were ultra friendly & cool. No pretentiousness here. I can't wait to go back! Beautiful ink, great technique and the amount of art done for the time is incredible! My first polynesian tat was done in Oahu, & I love it, but I'm coming back here for more.
2	Seen and love Sacred Ctr Tattoo's work and was in the process of going there to get a tattoo.  I went to the Pure Aloha Festival to check out their booth and had the worst experience.  Customer service was non-existant and when I had to approach and ask questions, the person seemed to have no interest in helping me.  I will have to take my money elsewhere and am very disappointed with the treatment I received.  Hopefully that is one aspect of their business that they could improve on.  Just a bit of constructive criticism.BTW, I'm not haole. Mai Hawaii Mai... Mahalo for the message. That validates my review even more..
4	I was looking for a little touch up on a piece while I was in town, made a call and said to come on in and they would be happy to help.Arrived and they went right to work.  I was oping to get the Samoan to do the work but ended up with the Palagi guy. Not a problem, the guy knew his stuff and did a good job. Not a lot of chat just down to business in and out and on my way
5	If you're looking for the best quality of polynesian tattoo, I personally think sacred tattoo shop is the best option in las vegas.When I first went inside the shop it had a really nice friendly vibe. They have two artist Dennis and Clay. My artist was Dennis, he's a funny guy. You have to make a $100 deposit before you get your tattoo. That $100 gets deducted off your tattoo price. Overall sacred tattoo shop is a great tattoo shop if you're looking for some top quality polynesian tattoos.
5	The best in Vegas!
5	Awesome tattoo artists! I walked in and was able to schedule an appointment for the following week. I showed up early and Clay was waiting and ready to go. I brought in a picture of what I wanted and he was able to stencil it out and get it exactly how I wanted it.
5	I only get my traditional Samoan tattoos done here! Clay & Dennis are great guys who are VERY knowledgeable & know what they're doing... Would recommend to everyone:))
