4	A typical Red Lobster, exactly what you would expect. The wait was typical for a restaurant in this area on a Saturday.The reason I'm commenting is that I thought the hostess was really nice and did a great job. While we were waiting she dealt with some rude people and did a really good job. I think her name was Missy or something like that.The restaurant was recently revamped and looks really nice on the outside and inside.
1	food was great but the service i received was not so great. which made me just lose my appetite all together!! our server was really really rude. had an attitude and got orders wrong. slammed our plates on the table. almost spilled one of the drinks because of this stinky ass attitude he had!!!! i was really irate. i would like to go to my favorite restaurant (which might not be my fave anymore because of this experience) and enjoy myself! because of this man's attitude i gave him a $3 tip (should have gave him nothing at all) the server got mad about the $3 tip and came up to us as we left with an attitude again being sarcastic saying "i hope that didnt break your pocketttssss" waving his hand as he said "pockettttsss" ..............ungrateful ass!!!!!!!!!!!!  im done with this red lobster i rather drive an extra 10 miles to another location
5	Food was good, but service was great. Our waiter I think his name was Kevin, he was very attentive and super friendly.
1	This had to be one of the worst experiences we've ever had at this location. The server Nikki was awful, the food was mediocre at best. Never will we sit in her area again!
1	Had a terrible meal here from start to finish.  I took relatives out for a special occasion and they recommended it, probably because they felt it was reasonably priced.The meal started with the four of us being seated at a table large enough for six.  This was nice until the waiter came over.  He placed the plates and silverware at the two people nearest him and then literally tossed the plates and silverware to us rather than walking around the table.I ordered the oysters.  These must have been frozen at some point, they were watery and tasteless.  Even my brother didn't want to finish them.I ordered a salad with "bleu cheese" dressing.  The dressing was thin and tasteless, very little blue cheese flavor.For my entree I ordered the "fresh catch" which was a Pacific rockfish, blackened.  The fish was way overcooked and the blackening was really tasteless.  This came with sides of rice pilaf and broccoli.  Both were undercooked.I left over half of my food when we left and the waiter didn't ask anything about the food and why I had left it.My wife said her meal was "ok".  Was this just an unusually off night?  I don't know since I was visiting from out of town but I definitely won't go to this location again.  As a note, I've eaten in a few Red Lobsters and the food was always adequate so I would say it was this location that was the problem.
1	last time I came here was last year... shame on me for not leaving a review sooner. my husband and I were dining here for valentines day last year. after eating we paid our bill and left a tip which was 20% of our bill. while walking out of the restaurant our waiter walked behind us and said sarcastically "ohhh thank you so much for the tip" waving his hands in the air like he had an attitude about how much tip we gave him. it was the most rudest most disrespectful thing he could have done. 20% tip from your bill is more then enough if you ask me. normally a person will tip 10% - 15% of their bill. we never came back again.
2	Very sub par place. EVERYTHING was so very salty. Olive Garden was packed across the way so we decided to give the Red Lobster a shot. Uhhg! No wonder the place was empty. It SUCKS! Service was alright but the food was terrible. Yeah, if you're thinking about going, don't!
1	Food portions have decreased in size but remains good quality...service at the bar was not what I'm used to...and I actually don't require much.....Alan is a new young ass hole that was so rude I had to ask to be helped by someone else Rosa did a good job cleaning up his mess he put the order in wrong and then claimed that he was sick as well to Rosa so that's why he was being a jerk ...ummmmmm I can't act that way when I go to work so I don't except it from anyone else I am a 20 percent tipper all the time sorry Rosa tell Alan to grow the hell up life brings colds some time
5	Ok so I've been here many times but today they rocked. My friend and I sat at the bar and the service is so off the chain I stopped eating to write this!  My food is hot and everything tastes great!
4	I have been coming 3 times a week for lunch and choosing grilled fish and veggies to aid my diet plan. Service from 1115 to noon is great..food great..lost 20 lbs great..very nice server's.
1	Don't ever go to this Red Lobster. Not only is the service terrible, the management is terrible. I just had the worst experience ever. Poor Red Lobster, this used to be my favorite restaurant, but i will never eat there again. It was that bad.
5	Excellent,  excellent service. Alex our waiter, did an exceptional job. We are here on vacation and we wanted to have a dinner. I must say I am surprised. Good job Alex, food was good, service was good, evening was perfect. Keep up the good work.
