5	I'll admit it I hate dealing with auto repairs and the mechanic is the one who usually takes the brunt of my rath. I found this place in the beginning of October when I got a new used vehicle.  I have to say Juan has been amazing at calming me down and getting me thru these repairs while staying with in my budget and and not feeling like I am being taken advantage of and robbed! Thank you so much to those that  work here and take care of me and my Sherman Tank!
1	This repair shop is NOT open 24/7 as it states on Yelp. I tried to bring my car here at 730am and they were closed.
1	Dishonest store,Cheat custom like me,charged me for 4 TMPS($354) but only have 1 TMPS replaced,I had my car fixed in this store at 2014 Nov,waited the parts for 7 to 10 days kept my car over the store,and had my 4 tires 4 TPMS(tire pressure monitor sensors)but they was not replaced by themself thus I found receipt of discount tire ,left inside my car & oxygen sensors to replace and some other things.after they told me to pick up my car,when I drove my car I found the steer shake in certain speed,that was possible tire balance issue, so I drove my car back to discount tire to tell my problem,after the manager used scanner to check all 4 tires sensors ,the manager told me they only replace one tmps on right front side ,from the data(ID Dec) show the other 3  tmps was old ones,so I drove my car back to Desert Inn auto repair store to tell the boss,asked for the receipt of parts purchased,they did not want to show me and  reject to tell me more(I had been there 3 times to ask for receipt and more information),Do not go this store even if they give you cheap estimates.
1	I had my car painted here. I owner JUAN said its will take 3days to get the job done. It's been over a 2 months nothing come out right. The worker doesn't even speak English when you try to explain to them they gave me an attitude. Have to take the car back every week to get its fixes and still nothing was done. He ask for money up front my mistake never pay first cuz you won't get ur money back.. Juan never return your call even when you call him he will ignore you. What a business they run here.. Never never never go to this place ever...Dessert inn autobody. What a Joke business. Take your money and never finish the job. The owner Juan is very disrespectful and dishonest to customers. The paint job comes out very bad and he won't fix it and when I ask for him to fix it he just ignore you... Ask the owner for my money back him gave me a run around. Call the owner Juan and he never return your call. Horrible business... I can't even give them a star.. Please save your self a headache do not come here!!!!
