5	Charlies House is a great addition to the antique shopping area on Seventh StreetI got a warm vibe from this charming vintage shop. Actually seemed like a little house with a living room and kitchen and other rooms filled with furniture and interesting items. The owner is friendly and welcoming. He's also an expert upholsterer. Some beautiful examples of his work, chairs and sofas in striking fabrics, are for sale in the store. I'm glad I stopped by - I will be back for sure.
4	What a cool little place with great prices.  Free popcorn and water
4	Unlike it's neighboring store, this place actually has cute vintage stuff and AC! I liked the fact that "I Love Lucy" was playing on old TV's and set up just like a living room from 1950. There were also 2 adorable bathrooms with kitchy stuff inside to buy. I also liked the snack table, which included free popcorn, candy and cookies. How clever! I didn't end up buying anything here but really liked it. Just be careful walking around...very tight spaces and stuff everywhere! I would probably return.
5	Must stop shop if you're in the Central Phoenix area if you're  wanting to cruise the vintage shops up 7th. Ave., You'll find pretty much anything you're looking for! and let me not forget to mention if you so happen to want to reupholster ANYTHING Charlie & Isaac are the magicians to work with you're creative side! I took 6 dining chairs, that had wicker back, floral seating and turned it into something out of a magazine.. super reasonable and in a timely manner I had these beautiful chairs made and is still (almost 2yrs. later) in perfect condition!
5	If you need something re-upholstered, Charlie is hands-down the best choice in the city. I'm SO happy with his work AND his prices! Trust me, I shopped around to compare and Charlie's prices are the BEST! We have a mid-century home and we're furnishing with period pieces. I've taken 4 items to him and just left my 5th one with him today. I buy most of my furniture on Craigslist for a great price and then take it to Charlie for him to look at and tell me how much fabric to buy. He's always spot-on and has even repaired broken springs, missing feet, tightened anything wobbly, removed horrible cigarette smoke from my vintage love seat and this time he's re-staining the legs of the vintage chair I just dropped off. The item Charlie finished for me last week should seriously win a Lifetime Achievement Award...I am in AWE of this man and his ability to turn out true works of art! His shop is adorable and we always find something cool to bring home with us (last time it was vintage coat hooks!). I love how his shop always smells like apple pie and there are always home made cookies (made by Charlie) on the little table in front of the check-out counter. Stop in and say hi to Charlie. Tell him Lara sent you :)!
5	Charlie did a wonderful job bringing new life to my old couch cushions! They look, and feel fantastic!
5	Charlie is incredibly knowledgeable in what he does. I bought an antique iron crib from Charlie a year ago, and this year he created a cushion and pillows for this little gem. If you need to bring life to old furniture, Charlie is your man. Reasonable prices and stellar artistry. You cannot go wrong. Charlie communicated exactly what he had in mind and checked in regularly with me throughout the process. I am extremely happy with the end result.
5	Brought Charlie a old lay z boy to reupholster. A consummate professional. He did an amazing job on my chair and truly the best quality work I have seen with very fair and reasonable prices.  The upholstery job he did is magnificent and done with care. He takes his time to do it right.His shop is also a fun place to pick up some wonder vintage pieces at great prices.We will be back and use his services again.Thank you Charlie you did an amazing job!
