5	One of the few (VERY few) good things about the West Island.If it's summer and you're on the highway and craving something cool, take a small detour off the 20 and go to either location in Dorval village or Pointe-Claire village for some great home-made ice cream.With some creative flavors like Elephantastic (Choco-Peanut Butter), Guiness ice cream, and the creamiest Green Tea ice cream I've ever come across in Montreal, Wild Willy's is the rest stop of choice for the summer months.When I used to live in Pointe-Claire, many a summer's afternoon was spent with a waffle cone of Green tea ice cream in one hand while strolling along the Lakeshore and taking in the lake and the sunshine.
5	Wild Willy's is the best ice cream place in the world. FACT. Now that I live in Europe, I really miss this place.This is the place that any kid growing up in the West-Island goes to. Your first visit here in the year is the perfect start to summer. How many other places can you meet up with old friends and run into people from around the neighbourhood? Ice cream brings people together!!They have all sorts of ice cream here, and its all delicious. I especially like the banana ice cream and cherry cheesecake. They have so many though, so it always hard to choose. They even have ice cream for dogs!It's a local gem, and a perfect place to go on a summers evening. I love to grab a cone and stroll the shores of lac st. louis.
3	While the atmosphere at Wild Willy's is certainly fun (especially after the community amateur sports events let out), the ice cream my wife and I had was truly average.I had a craving for soft serve twist dipped in chocolate, but changed my mind last minute thinking that I should definitely try some of the cool-sounding flavours in the hard-serve. I left disappointed. There was no sign of raspberry taste in the "raspberry chocolate" flavour. 'nuff said. I prefer the Rolo ice cream and the Chapman's Black Jack Cherry fro-yo in my freezer. And for the price of a cone at Willy's, I can have a tub-full at home. Sorry Willy, while we both enjoyed our cones, (uh, it's ICE CREAM; what's not to like) I see no reason to rush back.
1	Wild Willy's is your typical summer outdoors ice cream place in the heart of a small town on the water. All their ice cream is homemade, which is where the appeal comes from, but be ready to pay higher prices for ice cream because of it. The flavours are fun and they all have silly names, which at times can make for a funny order. Despite all this, Wild Willy's comes off as pretentious, with terrible customer service. The lines can go 10 people deep on any given night, but its mostly because they take 2-5 minutes on average to serve one customer. Its not that I am impatient but terrible customer service and lack of management are not suitable reasons for making me wait 20 minutes to get some ice cream. Last time I was there in May 2014, I ordered the brownie sunday. The girl asked me if I wanted cherries, whipped cream, and peanuts on my sunday. I told her that I didn't want any of it, all I really wanted was brownies with ice cream and chocolate sauce on top. So I get my sunday and can't believe that the brownies in my sunday firstly have nuts (what if I had an allergy), and they are the cheapest ones you buy from a grocery store. For a place that boasts about its homemade ice cream, you'd think they wouldn't be cheap with their brownies.To summarize, this place simply is over priced and due to their popularity, don't care much about their customer's experience. I suggest McDonalds mcflurry or go to Dairy Queen.
