5	Out-U-Go is the perfect dogwalking service for us. Lisa came to our house for a meet & greet and got to know our dog, and our house, before the first walk. Booking is super easy via their website and the company is extremely responsive, professional, and most important - great with our dog. We use them for as-needed walks, when our schedules prevent us from getting home in time to let our dog out, and haven't had one problem or concern. Highly recommend PLUS they have a steal-of-a-yelp-deal going on now.
5	I was so pleased with Out-U-Go. I contacted Lisa to housesit my dog and cat while I was out of town. I find it easier to have my pets stay in my home together.  She was prompt to respond to my requests and questions via email. She came to meet the pets, myself and get the lay of the land. She is very professional and friendly. My pets (and I) warmed to her immediately. I felt very comfortable with her staying and caring for them in my home.  She sent updates while I was gone. I would not hesitate to hire Out-U-Go again.
5	My boys love Lisa and Gabby!  We use the dog walking service when we  have a late meeting.  The boys are happy to hang out with OUG staff--scheduling is super easy and Lisa is quick to confirm.  We have recommended OUG to our friends!
5	Out-U-Go is a fantastic dog-walking and pet-sitting company!  I recently moved to Madison with my dog and cats, needed a dog walker and had  to travel out of town several times.  Lisa came out to meet the pets and take detailed notes about everything.  My skittish dog absolutely loves to walk and play with Lisa, Gabby and Kristin and they are great with her and the cats, very patient and affectionate.  It is reassuring to know that my pets are in good hands when I'm away.  Scheduling is super easy, everyone is so calm and cheerful when I get home, and I really appreciate the communication, updates and notes.  I highly recommend Out-U-Go!
5	I have used out-u-go several times this year for my dog and two cats. They have proven to be reliable and I think reasonably priced. One of my trips was for 2 1/2 weeks and they came twice a day to feed and brush and play with my kitties. They appeared well taken care of when I returned.  I have also used their dog walking services. Even on short notice, they are accommodating. I like that they leave reports on the animals after each visit (although perhaps it was a bit too much paper when I was gone for the 2 1/2 weeks!).  I highly recommend their services.
5	The Out-U-Go team walks my dog during the week and also takes care of my dog and cats when I go on trips.  Lisa and all the walkers and sitters at Out-U-Go are wonderful.  I recently went out of town for 2 weeks and left my cats at home, including a very old, sick cat who needed medication and weekly shots.  I felt very comfortable with Lisa and the Out-U-Go team taking care of them.  When I got home, my old cat had gained back some much-needed weight and all of them were doing great.  My pets love Out-U-Go.
5	Lisa and her team are very professional and did a great job taking care of my cat. Each day they left a summary of what they did, how my cat acted, and any other info. The company seems very conscientious about ensuring building security and making sure they get to know the pet.  I'll be using them again!
5	I am very, very picky about who I leave my pets with and I was completely happy with Out-U-Go! We took a carribbean cruise which cut off our ability to call home. We had the sitter stay overnight and the house and it was the best decision.  Leona emailed us multiple times a day to keep us updating on how our animals were doing while we were gone.  I was finally able to take a vacation where I wasn't worried about the pets the entire time! We will definitel be using them in the future!
5	We had a great experience with Out-U-Go! Our dog is extremely anxious (due to being injured by another dog when he was a puppy), and we simply cannot consider a kennel as an option for our little guy. We were so happy to find an organization who understood our concerns and needs and knew how to work with anxious pets. Out-U-Go was perfect, because we knew that our dog and our two cats would be safe and happy at home with someone focused on them the whole time. Lisa (the Out-U-Go owner) came over to meet with us initially, and we were also able to meet Erica, our house sitter, ahead of time. We also filled out written information about our pets' schedules, personalities, etc. This allowed us to feel very secure before leaving and to be confident that they had all the information that they might need. Our dog usually doesn't do well with strangers, but Erica has a great, calm demeanor that was perfect for him. She kept us updated on how the gang was doing and responded to any questions we had while we were away. We then received a detailed written summary from her once we arrived home. We highly recommend their services, especially to pet owners who have scared/anxious/reactive pets that wouldn't do well in a kennel. Great people work for this organization. We will definitely use them again!
5	We are thrilled with Out U Go. We hear more updates re our pup from the dog walker staff than we do from our son's preschool. :). Also very impressed with Lisa's professional initial meet and greet visit. She spent time learning the ins and outs of our home and making sure both pup (and kitty in hiding) were comfortable. Yay for Out U Go!
5	I am a very protective pet owner and I was thrilled with the service I received from Lisa and her staff at Out-u-go Pet Sitting. They were kind enough to send me daily email updates, clean my cats eye, and consistently put drops in their food. I left the country for 17 days knowing that my 3 cats were going to receive the best care around.They also watered my plants, brought in my mail, and turned on different lights every day. I would recommend them to anyone. They are highly professional but are kind animal lovers too.
