4	Finally, a proper Vietnamese place in Edinburgh! This small restaurant of only five tables has focussed on some some typical Vietnamese street food staples. On my visited I we shared a plate if spring rolls which, in true Vietnamese style, were pleasantly crunchy with a minced pork and crab meat filling. For mains I opted for Pho, the benchmark by which any Vietnamese place will be judged as far as I'm concerned. My partner had the Vietnamese fried rice. The Pho Bo did not dissapoint. The broth was both tasty and aromatic and the beef tender. I would like to have seen it accompanied with a bigger side plate of herbs and a bottle of chilli sauce left on the table rather than a small dipping sauce size portion. Tailoring Pho to your own personal taste is half the fun. The fried rice didn't seem any different from any other fried rice dish. The menu also covered chicken rice porridge, curries, various noodle soups, fish and fried noodle dishes. Certainly enough to make this diner want to make a second visit. On my visit someone picked up some take-away which is great if you've not been lucky enough to get a table. All in all it's a great addition to the Edinburgh Asian dining scene. If they get some Vietnamese beer and get rid of the elevator muzak then I'll be a happy man.
4	Finally, a proper Vietnamese place in Edinburgh!This small restaurant of only five tables has focussed on some some typical Vietnamese street food staples.On my visited I we shared a plate if spring rolls which, in true Vietnamese style, were pleasantly crunchy with a minced pork and crab meat filling.For mains I opted for Pho, the benchmark by which any Vietnamese place will be judged as far as I'm concerned. My partner had the Vietnamese fried rice.The Pho Bo did not dissapoint. The broth was both tasty and aromatic and the beef tender. I would like to have seen it accompanied with a bigger side plate of herbs and a bottle of chilli sauce left on the table rather than a small dipping sauce size portion. Tailoring Pho to your own personal taste is half the fun.The fried rice didn't seem any different from any other fried rice dish.The menu also covered chicken rice porridge, curries, various noodle soups, fish and fried noodle dishes. Certainly enough to make this diner want to make a second visit.On my visit someone picked up some take-away which is great if you've not been lucky enough to get a table.All in all it's a great addition to the Edinburgh Asian dining scene. If they get some Vietnamese beer and get rid of the elevator muzak then I'll be a happy man.
4	Having never tried Vietnamese food before now I gotta say this place was top notch! It makes me wish there were a couple more places like this Edinburgh, but I will be going back here for sure! Don't let the photo on here fool you. It is really rather small, and probably advisable to book, there is only about 5 tables?! When I first saw the menu I was a little disappointed at the lack of choice, but thought I would give it a go anyway! Fresh vegetable spring rolls. These have got to be the tastiest spring rolls I have had. They were also a bit of a mind f**k...... they are COLD!?!? And they aren't fried!?!?!? And they come served with this kick ass peanut sauce. I was in heaven. Spring rolls that are tasty and healthy!? Give me another 6!I then had the fried pho noodles with seafood. I was ravenous, and this was delicious. As quickly as you can say 'pho' my plate was clean, and I mean seriously, like full on, every last mouthful....... and someone else's leftovers clean! Prawns, Veg, Noodles, Squid, Chilli Sauce..... a total winner in my books.Only criticism is the size of the restaurant and the fact that they don't sell booze. You can bring your own so I will remember that for next time! And the service. It was fine, but just fine.
5	I'm going with five, because there's nothing else like it in the city to compare it to. So it's the best Vietnamese in the city dammit. Im going to freak people out here, and I'm sorry, but I don't like Pho. I don't like having to pronounce a voiced vowel as unvoiced (I'm talking to you Japanese food). But I love the rest. Fresh spring rolls in peanut sauce, and fish sauce and American people, this is enough for me to writhe in ecstacy, SRIRACHA SAUCE ON THE MUTHAF**KIN' TABLE! I literally, not figuratively, could have drank the whole bottle. The service was adorable, and when I asked if I could have something that wasn't on the menu if I pre-ordered it, she was like (paraphrasing), "Pre-order? Why would you need to pre-order? I can make that shit for you right now if you want." And I loved her. Forever and ever until the end of time. The menu is a little, well, little. But Vietnamese food is a whole lot like Mexican food, you can just sorta ask for stuff served in a different way and tah-dah! different dish. Get yo' ass down here.
4	Repeat after me: fuh. Yep, fuh. That's how you pronounce "Pho", not "fo". Although I feel like I will still call this place "Fo Vietnam" rather than "Fuh Vietnam" as whenever I have called it "Fuh" most people give me strange looks and I feel like a bit of a pretentious food-snob.Anyway, now we've cleared that up, it's actually not very relevant as I didn't end up trying the Pho. Instead, squeezed into this pint-sized wee restaurant, with a modest menu to match, I settled on the fried Vietnamese noodles with seafood.When it arrived I thought there was no way I would finish it. A pretty hefty portion, packed FULL of prawns and squid (although small prawns, rather than the big King ones. I suppose I just expect those nowadays but it shouldn't have disappointed me). Maybe slightly less veg than I'd hoped for, as that was the main reason I chose the noodles over the pho. But ohhhh. Those big thick noodles were, despite being fried, so light. Fried in egg, it looks like, but not greasy or heavy at all.Flash-forward 10 minutes and they're all gone and I could easily have asked for seconds. So for a big bowl of steaming, egg fried noodles with ample prawns and squid, this is perfect. Chop sticks too, winning. All the food I saw come out also looked very tempting, especially the cold (not fried) spring rolls (bonus points for healthiness).Throw into the mix a super, SUPER friendly waitress but in a genuine, rather than eager-to-please, way it made for an all-round delightful evening out.Like I said, it is small. Really small. Chairs need to be shuffled around when people arrive to get past, and when the restaurant was full (which I believe it is most nights) it was loud and anyone with personal space issues might have a wee freak out.For that reason, book in advance. It was a Tuesday night and folk were getting turned away at the door as it was booked up.Next time I WILL try the Pho. Unless those noodles get the better of me again. But for hearty, but quite healthy, comfort food in the shape of rice noodles and broth, it's a winner.
5	Was very good. Got the sea food noodles!!!
5	Wow, I did not see that coming!An immediate new entry into Joey's Top 5 Edinburgh Eats, Pho Vietnam had been on my radar for a while, and the reason my workmates and I chose the venue was because we had pub quiz winnings of a bottle of vodka and a crate of beer to share. But I did not expect the sheer quality of the food on display here.The first positive sign was that as a BYoB, Pho Vietnam did not have any limits. Many BYoBs tend to apply that rule specifically to wine, but we rocked up with a litre of Smirnoff and they didn't bat an eyelid. No problemo.The menu is modestly small, offering only two starters, both of which a variation of Spring Roll; the Fresh veggie option served with Peanut Sauce, or the crispier Fried alternative, stuffed (and I do mean stuffed!) with meat and served with sweet chilli sauce. Both were fantastic, large in body and a generous 4 rolls per helping, but the winner (of course) was the meat option.Next I chose the Braised Pork in Caramel Sauce with boiled rice. A fantastically rich and sweet dish, supernova moreish and so so succulent, with ingredients such as star anise included in the thick sauce.But Joey being Joey didn't stop there, and I managed to attract a taster of several other dishes around the table. The winning dish of the night was Linda C's Catfish. Absolutely epic course and without doubt my next choice when I go back. Rachel's Chicken with Fried Rice was the best chicken fried rice I've ever had, and Sinead's Chicken Curry looked like a subtle korma, but delivered and amazing punch of heat.There was no loser in the food stakes. Everything was gorgeous.The venue is tiny, to the point you need to pass through the middle of the kitchen to get to the toilet. This only makes it a rarity and I hope they do enough business to expand in the same vein as Kampung Ah Lee, there's no reason why they shouldn't because the quality of food here is tough to beat. Prices are very reasonable considering the quality offered. I only hope they do expand so they can also enhance their menu (the limited space I think must contribute to the limited selection). In the meantime I am happy to go back again and again and work my way through that delectable menu.Winner winner, chicken dinner!
4	One sip of the pho noodle soup and my eyes were spinning in my head. This stuff is spicy! And minty and savoury and utterly delicious, with lots of noodles and prawns and vegetables to fish out of the fiery depths. Honestly, one bowl and I'm hooked - I have to get back there soon. The 'fresh' spring rolls are delicious, too, with a chilli/ peanut dip. Yum. Must go back!
5	My favourite vietnamese restaurant, as good as the food I had in Vietnam!! It is quite small so I always make a reservation to make sure I get a table!
2	Unlike the others who've been, I was rather underwhelmed with my dining experience at "Fuh"... (happy Jenny?!) Maybe I've been spoilt by exceptional pho elsewhere in my life but I found the all important BROTH here underseasoned and just not the taste sensation I expect when I think of good pho. The summer rolls had (for me) too much coriander and lettuce and not really enough protein. It just felt like I was eating coriander flavoured lettuce wrapped in rice paper... Not the delightfully light rolls I'm used to where you have the sweetness of carrot with the crunch of the lettuce to compliment either a prawn or pork filling.Maybe they've upped their game in recent times and I should give them another bash but with the new Little Vietnam just further up the road, it's not looking very likely I shall be returning anytime soon...
1	Was a real letdown...Tried to book, told to come...Staff was quite rude... Left!
2	So excited to see a Vietnamese restaurant in Edinburgh. Had the Goi Cuon (Fresh Spring Rolls) and Pho Bo Tai (Noodle Soup with Raw Beef) -- cause any decent Vietnamese shop has gotta have good Pho, and in Edinburgh, hot soup always goes well with wet weather.  The soup broth was nice, but the beef was tough and noodles chewy. How can you mess that up? So sad...
5	BEST asian food so far in Scotland! I LOVE Vietnamese food! But there seems to be a shortage of it in Scotland! Found this gem searching for dinner places to go for my bday!! It far exceeded my expectations ! DELICIOUS! So yummy! The Pho was fab! I was so full but wanted to drink ALL my broth! My husband got the braised catfish with mushrooms and crispy onions, it sounded good... it tasted AMAZING! like literally I wanted to tell everyone that sat down after us to order it!  I cannot WAIT to go back! and really well prices for the area! Super cute place, little but nice, decorated awesome and had local art work up for sale! really cool stuff!
5	Wow. This place is great. We came here for my wife's birthday, and it was definitely a treat, and a treat that doesn't exactly break the bank. It was recommended on other reviews that we should phone ahead to book a table. We ate fairly early (6.30ish?) on a Monday, so booking probably wasn't actually necessary, but I'm sure it doesn't hurt. We had some of the spring rolls which were excellent and came with a really nice sauce. While I was waiting for my main course, I was watching other people's food come out (don't tell my wife I got distracted from our conversation because of food), and each plate I saw only made my mouth water more and more. Finally, my ginger glazed catfish (i think that was what it was called) came and I was thoroughly pleased. Besides tasting amazing, it was served on a bed of coconut rice that I can almost taste as I write this. I kept trying to get that last bit of rice off of my plate with a fork once my chopstick skills eventually failed me.  My wife had some excellent pho, but was a bit jealous of my dish. But judging by everything I saw and/or tasted, I'm assuming it's all tasty and you're not going to be disappointed. Seriously, you should come here... and why haven't you tried Vietnamese food yet?
4	I had the most amazing soup EVER here last night.  WHO KNEW that veggies and noodles in a magic broth could be so ridiculously filling and incredibly tasty.  I don't even know how or why it was so amazing, it just was, and now I want to eat it all of the time.In addition to the crazy soup, the surroundings were quite nice and, even for a Monday, the place was busy.  Minus one star because while those of us who ordered the soup raved about its fabulousness, our friend or ordered a different dish reported that it was perfectly edible but cold on the bottom.  I can only assume that the hot food was put in a cold dish, which kind of killed the experience.
5	Love this place! The restaurant is small but the waitstaff treat every customer like a regular, which makes me feel a part of the family. Its a great place to go alone for a bowl of pho (great veg option available), or in a group of friends. The place is BOYB only, so come prepared!
4	Amazing friendly staff and good Vietnamese food!The good is very good and authentic. I tried the pho noodles and pork fresh rolls while my boyfriend tried the curry and tofu fresh rolls. We loved this place so much we went back twice in 2 days. It's a gem in the middle of Edinburgh and an easy walk from the West End. Vegetarian and vegan friendly - just tell the staff and they'll accommodate.
4	Wonderful surprise while traveling to Edinburgh. I was going to hold out until I got back home to eat Pho because I imagined the worst over there, but was not able to hold out any longer so we went to Pho Vietnam House for dinner one night. The staff is super friendly and she was very helpful in getting us a seat. I ordered the beef pho and was so delighted that it was wonderfully flavorful and satisfying. My husband ordered the fried noodles with shrimp and he said that was excellent as well. Great little place with great service and great food, can't ask for anything more!
