4	This might be a better place to go during the day because it is lit up like the sun.  I came a little later in the night after a long night of work and it was just a little to light and bubbly for me.  However, I will give it a decent review, because the bartender was a very happy girl with plenty of energy.  I may be a little biased, because I later found out that she is also an App Alumni like myself.  She danced, sang, and hopped around while taking everyone's orders.  Normally this would be distracting, but I think that it actually made the customers happier too.  With one dollar beer specials and gleeful employees, you really can't go wrong.
5	I have been to this bar once.  If I lived in the area I would go to this bar everytime I wanted to drink alcohol.  There is a very good, young, energetic crowd that hangs out there.  There was live music on the night I was there (Thursday).  Also, they have an everyday special of $1 Miller High Life and PBR bottles.  The waitstaff was very attentive to getting me drinks when I was running low.  You cannot go wrong with this place!
3	Use to be a great little spot.  Not so much anymore.  No more $1 budlights.
3	Found this little gem on a recent "marketing adventure" for my trivia company.  It is absolutely everything a "dive bar" should be!  Great bar tender with a fabulously inappropriate  t-shirt (I've got your $5 foot-long with an arrow pointing down...) love it! Their were great smells coming from the kitchen but I didn't have time for a bite this time.... and a collection of regulars you might expect to see on a Sit-Com about a bar. Cheap beer -- good pours  -- and lots of laughs -- all this in the middle of the afternoon -- I'll be back!
4	I'm not much of a bar person, but I really enjoyed it here. Didn't get a chance to try the food because I ate right before I got here, but it did look good. When my friend and I walked in, they were playing rock music, but when a couple more black people walked in, the music changed lol. I just had 2 shots of coconut ciroc and it was good! Completely divey, but I enjoyed myself. I would definitely come here again!
5	A must anytime we're in Charlotte! Relaxed atmosphere with great drinks and unreal food to be a sports bar! I'm always impressed... The bartender is awesome and the wings, shrimp and crabs are delicious! Chill and eat here... You won't be disappointed!
4	Best Chinese food around. This is a unique place. If you can get over the fact that some patrons are scummy this place is a gem. $2 coronas all day every day. A Chinese menu throwing in out of nowhere and a shot for just being their patron. Seriously go to this place with little expectations and you will be pleasantly surprised.
5	Atmosphere was great and relax!!! The bartender "Ji" was very down to earth and friendly!!!  Overall good service, I will visit again!
2	Decent. Nothing to write home about good place for an appetizer and beer. However the main menu has an identity crisis (bar and grill is not fried rice or egg rolls maybe dumplings not so much). Sometimes small bar drama does not need to be shared with all.
3	We came on the 4th of July and it was a Ghost town.  Literally.  No one in sight except the bartender and yet he somehow seemed overwhelmed.  It was odd.  Anyway, we had a group of 6 and he encouraged us to try the chinese food on the menu because he has a "chinese chef."  Odd stuff bro.  Anyway, we all played it safe with either wraps or chicken wings.  Everything was not as bad as we were expecting considering their was chinese food, wings, salads, chips and salsa and fried pickles all on the same menu.  The prices were decent but I am not desperate to return.  It seems like it would be a decent place to hang out if you are local, in the area and looking for a very laid back place to play a game of pool or grab a beer.  We ended up here because DD Peckers was closed but I can see the benefits of this "dive."
4	This place reminds of you college. it is the palce to be. Tons of people, everyone the same age. The place is cheap to get into and always packed. I haev never had a bad time. They even have beirut games going on. I would really recommend this over all other colege like places.
1	Place has been here for a while and I've tried it a couple of times just to be fair. Personally when I walk into a bar I want bar food not Chinese/Asian cuisine.
1	This place looks so ugly.It smells like very bad. The food items are not tasty.just for drinks and spending a while is OK
