3	Been here for 4 days, got 3 more to go.So far its not bad for what it is...a place to stay when you gotta stay somewhere for a minute.  The room is decently sized.The bed is actually pretty darn comfy, and I want to stuff the pillows in my suitcase.The kitchenette is a great value.  It comes with a 2 burner stove, a sink, fridge/freezer, microwave, cooking utensils, and a little coffee maker with coffee provided.Decent sized bathroom with decent shower head.  Small tv with ESPN galore and a few other stations.Nice little workstation/dining counter.Wifi.My room was pretty clean.  I haven't seen any big bugs, just 2 small little 'things'...barely even saw'em.  The air works fine and is controlled on the wall which is nice.The only issue I have is the same issue that you get in most budget hotels....seediness.  Shady characters abound, but this is to be expected.  Some might even peg me as shady as they peek out of their curtain, who knows.  The main thing is noise througout the night.  Not shouting and stuff (did experience a shouting match one night, but that's it so far), but just bumpity-bump-bump at all times of the night.  Sounds like big foot is walking around next to me with insomnia.The area is not that bad.  Its still Phoenix, though.  The 17 is right down the street, and there is also a LONG WONG'S RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET!!!!  An El Rancho Market is also within walking distance, and they've got some good goodies there.Management was awesome, though I've only dealt with them at check-in.I checked in Saturday, room service comes Wednesday, and I leave Saturday.  So they come around in the middle, which is good enough for me.  I'll see how they perform.Not bad at all for the price.  If you don't mind the thin insulation and Pookie'nem, then this is an alright stay for a week or two.  The rates are a little higher for night-to-night, so...  Also, there's easy access to the 17, Central Ave, and LOOOOONG WOOOOOOONG'S!!!!!Updated coming closer to check-out...
3	Yup.  Maintains 3 star status.  No complaints whatsoever with management or staff.I used the laundry facility the other day.  Its small, with only about 6 washers and dryers.  But they were all operable, which is rare even in nice apartment complexes.  The only bad thing was that the pop machine was out of order.  Big deal.Room service did a good job cleaning the room.  They had to fumble around all my stuff, but did not disturb anything.Going through a difficult time right now, its hard to be pleased about much of anything.  However, this extended stay hotel room has actually been okay to come 'home' to at the end of a hard day.  Yeah, I still get annoyed by the noisy neighbors, but its not a constant thing, and they eventually stop rearranging furniture or whatever the heck they're doing.So yeah, if you need to stay somewhere for about a week, their price tag of a little over $200 isn't too bad, considering staying at a regular hotel would be waaaaay more.
3	This hotel was definitely great for the money; our room was clean, and the area was quiet. We had a kitchen that had plates, cups and silverware with it, which was nice when we wanted to re-heat leftovers and drink. It was close to the freeway, and there are a lot of places nearby. Some not-so-great things, is that the pillows were flat, and the bed was a little stiff, but in my experience most hotel beds are stiffer than normal beds, and some people prefer it that way. Not a bad thing, just something to be aware of. There was no shampoo/conditioner supplied, you had to trade in your used hotel towels for clean ones, and there was no room service at all during the stay. They do this (I think) to cut down costs of daily house-keeping. I would book here again if the opportunity presented itself. The absence of daily house-keeping doesn't bother me because I'm only at the hotel to sleep and shower and I'm not a messy person by nature. It's by far the most inexpensive places I've ever stayed at.
1	DON'T stay here! I don't care how cheap it is! Scary. Dirty. Scuzzy people. Run down interiors. Missing items. Go 1/2 to 2 miles north on I-17 and you can find a hotel just as cheap and much nicer. The other 2 reviews are 1-2 years old. I live in Glendale/Phoenix and only rented a room here for New Years Eve night. I wanted to have minimal driving to do on New Years and rented this close by room. I only live 6 miles from this hotel. I've lived in AZ 33 years and the immediate area. The area is good. The hotel it self is scary, dirty, old on the interior, felt very unsafe, has drug addicts walking around and a lot of scary long term people renting from here. There were 3 holes punched in our bathroom door, the microwave was missing, all the pots and pans were missing, there was no iron, no ironing board, no closet door, dirty lamp shades, dirty bathroom sink and sink top, and there were only 2 forks, 2 plates, 2 spoons, 2 mugs, 1 spatula, 1 glass. It was also a very small room. There is no living area and there are 2 chairs at the kitchen counter. On the outside, the hotel is very pretty and very deceiving. The lobby is directly at the entrance when you pull in. I paid and drove around to my room. I wish I drove around first. There were obvious drug addicts standing in the parking lot, lots of really scudzy people came out of their rooms looking at me while we were looking for our room, and we immediately felt unsafe. I've stayed at about 250 hotels and have never felt unsafe. As soon as I walked into my non-smoking room, you could smell an old cigarette stench. This is suppose to have a fully equipped kitchen. The microwave was gone and all the pots and pans. I immediately went down to the front desk and told them. They said "Oh yeah, that's the room missing the microwave". They said they would try to find me some pots and pans and didn't. They did bring a microwave to the room and offered to move us. This is obviously a hotel that charges to very cheap monthly renters and shady looking people.  We drove both of our cars to this hotel and were worried about parking in front of our room. We parked our car in front of the office for safety reasons. It's a good area. Just a bad hotel.  We were just going to grab our stuff and not stay the night, but because it was New Years Eve, we didn't want to be on the roads. There's lots of other hotels very close by. Skip here.
2	$46.  I'm letting you know the price right up front.  That will mitigate (somewhat) the negatives:While the web indicates "pet friendly," only after booking and paying, does the printed reservation reveal a $15 PER NIGHT pet fee.DO NOT ARRIVE AT 2pm and expect to check in.  I did; while there were only 5 cars in the lot and the housekeepers were seen chatting just outside the lobby, I was told no clean rooms were available and instructed to come back in an hour.My "suite" was small, 250 square feet, but included a bed, nightstand, chair and a/c (all touching each other).  The kitchen includes sink, cooktop, refer, and microwave, plus bar with two stools.  There is free wifi, but no desk.As mentioned in the Quick Tip, even the non-smoking rooms reek like the worst Downtown Vegas casino (bring your own Fabreeze).Also, bring your own shampoo (none provided), maid (rooms cleaned weekly), and coffee maker, filters, etc. (the "full kitchen" did not include these basics).Somehow, I also missed the "no pool" statement on the website, my bad.  Really?  Phoenix, and no pool or spa?Reminder: it was only $46 per night.  Plus $15 for my suitemate.  It is in a good 'hood.  it's like camping, only with stale air and clean showers.  $46.
1	I stayed here while I was searching for a house and I was kicked out because my payment was late one afternoon. I stayed here for about 1 month and I paid rent everyday on time. The manager also knew that my room was full of my personal belongings, so to be kicked out with no transportation setup to move me would be virtually impossible. As a result of that Half of my belongings were stolen. I would never ever recommend this place to anyone. Do not bring a lot of things with you and do not stay too long. And it is best to have a vehicle when you do stay. They also raised the rate without notification.
4	I would highly recommend this hotel to anybody. Though this hotel is not the cleanest (it is not dirty, but it is not immaculate either, just some small stains on the carpet and boxspring) it is a good size for the $48/night I paid. The refrigerator comes in handy when stocking drinks and snacks for your late nights or early mornings. The temperature in the shower was also really great. If I wanted hot, I got hot. If I wanted cold, I got cold. If I wanted in between, I got it. The front desk was also friendly and check out was a breeze since they did it for me and I did not even have to walk into the office. Remember to request extra coffee if you will be there an extra day. I only received one pot's worth for my two nights. This hotel is in an business area so the area is quiet and safe. One huge downfall is the slow internet. It is fine to browse, but I wouldn't try to stream any videos. The internet is free, but you can pay extra for faster speed. I personally disagree with this policy and did not pay. In spite of the few problems, I wouldn't hesitate to return to this hotel.
1	Where to start. Walk in for first time, AC broken, sink clogged, blood and/or chocolate on the pillow and sheets. Toilet and sink drains had a rancid smell every time you run water through them. We had no hot water for half the day, no morning showers! Rude staff, office locked multiple times when I went for towels or toilet paper, no one answers front desk phone. Highly suggest staying somewhere else.
1	This place was filthy. We couldn't get into our room for an hour because the locks were broke. Our TV didn't work and they said there was nothing they could do.
1	I did not feel safe here. When you arrive, there are signs in the parking lot that say "don't keep valuables in car".....or something like that. I ended up checking out early so that none of my things would be stolen by the gangta staff.
