5	We were very pleased with the suite, which had 2 bdrms n 2 baths, lvgrm & a full size kitchen n they had all the dishes we needed to have our Xmas dinner. No oven, they had a lg microwave. The suite was very clean, nice decor. A flat screen TV in each room. The service was excellent.The room attendants were very friendly & professional, asked if u needed our rooms cleaned or if we needed more towels or anything at all. They have a full service breakfast: hot n cold. We any couldn't hear our neighbors, which was a plus. Beds were very comfy, mattress also had pillow top cover too. Each window had blackout curtains plus regular drapes so that was a real plus. I was really impressed, I'm a complainer, hard to please person. And they really  impressed me. We stay 2 nites. Originally, we were just staying 1 nite. Check out time is @12. Ck in is @3pm. Also, front desk called us, to ensure our stay was comfy n if there's anything we need to make our stay more comfy. Only thing they lack in the room was a fan. I'm pretty sure, they had 1 but I didn't ask. The suite was cool @ 70*f, prefer mine @ 65*f... even during the winter. We will come back, for the next sporting event. Oh, nice pool n jacuzzi. I personally didn't use it but the guys did.
5	Great place to stay- little kitchette, and FoxNews... friendly front desk staff... free breakfast (and it was GOOD) and dinner (we went out with friends)... they could use more housekeeping staff, but all in all... excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	We got a 2 bedroom suite at $132/night.  My parents had one bedroom, and my husband, daughter and I had the second bedroom.  The room:  The kitchen was tiny, and ill-stocked.  We didn't even have enough silverware for each person to have a set.  We had to ask for enough silverware to get through our meal.  We also had to keep requesting enough towels for everyone.  Occupancy of this suite is 6.  There were 5 of us, and only enough of everything for 4.  The light fixture in the kitchen had so many bug carcasses in it, that we're pretty sure it hadn't been cleaned in a good long while.The pool...looks great in the pictures.  Both my husband and I were lifeguards in our earlier days, and the shenanigans going on in this pool endangered everyone.  Unsupervised kids.  Diving, head-first, without looking to see if other people were in their path, into 5' deep water, which will break a neck.  In the other end, more kids were using the emergency life rings as pool toys.  Unsafe is just the beginning.  The staff didn't care.The amenities:  The Sundowners - great for food, but not so much for the complimentary wine.  You could have used it to clean a diesel engine.  We tried both the white and the red (both in unlabeled plastic carafes) just to be sure.  Seriously, if you want to know what Franzia tastes like when it goes bad, try it.  We chose to stay here over the Marriott Suites nearby because of a $7/night price difference.  Next time we'll stay at Marriott.
5	Customer service here is definitely top notch. They go our of their way to make your stay a positive experience. We had just drove about 11 hrs straight from California, overnight and really needed a nap, so we called the hotel to see if we could check in early (7:15 am'ish) -- they checked to see if rooms were available, and they were so we were able to get in early. Free breakfast buffet was on, so we quickly grabbed a bite to eat first, and then headed to our room.  The rooms are very spacious, and beautiful. Our room was a One Queen Bed, Jr. Suite. Nice kitchen area with utensils, pots, plates, glasses, fridge, stove, and even a dishwasher!!  Couch in the sitting area near the tv. Full bath/shower combo, with sink just outside of bathroom, and a large closet. High ceilings also, which adds to the spacious feel.On day #2 we slept in, and missed the free breakfast by about 20 mins... So, my husband called down to confirm what time breakfast ended. He was told that breakfast had ended, and they hung up.  Within a few minutes the guy at front desk called our room to ask if we would like him to put together some items for us to eat from the kitchen.  OMG, how nice is that!?!  So we still scored some free breakfast AND got to sleep in! We were VERY impressed that Oscar went out of his way for us.The pool area was beautiful, with a nice rock waterfall, and fountains that spray into the pool.  Also nice hot tub.  Slight con, was that the pool was colder than most Arizona pools we have been to, but not so cold that you can't get used to it. And in the Arizona heat, it was quite refreshing. Temperature was about 110 - 115 degrees while we were visiting. They even have a BBQ down by the pool area that you can use.On the day of check out we were running a bit late (as you can see, we REALLY maximized our stay ;) -- at about 12:15 pm we got a call from front desk asking us if we would like late check-out.  Wow, impressed yet again! Normally, we are used to less friendly calls rudely "reminding" us of check out time, as if we don't know.  Nearby there are tons of great restaurants in a plaza area called "Westgate" - even a fountain show, to music, in the center area of all the restaurants/bars.We researched hotels quite a bit before chosing this one, and the research paid off... We would definitely stay here again, if in the area!
5	Wonderful location for our daughters wedding at the ASU Stadium.  Wonderful, helpful staff, immaculate room, great kitchen and the balcony was a treat in the evenings.  We will certainly stay here again and would recommend this location.
5	Come out to this hotel whenever I am in Glendale. The rooms are great, the price is right. Its a great location with many places within walking distance.
5	This place is really clean, inviting and comfortable. My wife and I came here for a weekend staycation. I have a local business nearby and I will be recommending te Staybridge for my customers from out of town.
4	Very nice place , great rooms, free breakfast , nice pool , very good rate. The only problem that they can do a little better cleaning the room, also the garbage disposal was Broken but not a very big deal. Great location close to many restaurant , an outlet mall, amc movie theater and easy access.. Internet was free , I have stayed there for 5 days will comeback again....
5	We had a pleasant stay over New Year's Day. The 2 room suite was perfect for out family and entertaining some friends that were staying in the hotel as well. The proximity to Cabelas, Westgate, and Univ of Phoenis stadium made it the perfect stay. The free dinner was a lovely perk and the breakfasts were good. The fitness room and the pool were also pluses.
5	Very good and friendly service.  A great stay with our grandchildren.   Laundry, wifi, parking all included.  Easy walking distance to the entertainment district.   Cabellas, across the street, doubles as a zoo for kids.A really family friendly hotel.
4	They let us check in early to our room. The pool was not very clean there were cigarettes everywhere and the water was murky. The front desk staff was friendly and trying to arrange car service. But we figured we were so close to the pavilion so we are going to drive. The rooms are very spacious and the kitchen is fully equipped. I would have liked a king size bed but we got a queen. The bathroom is very small. But the organic amenities are very nice we would probably stay here again for a longer stay.
5	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The room was beautiful and very clean. Breakfast was awesome with many choices. We booked on a Friday using government rate and got a great deal (we are traveling on orders). I highly recommend the hotel. The pool was large, laundry facilities and small workout room. No complaints!
4	Comfy beds, complimentary breakfast and fully stocked kitchen in our suite close to stadium and Westgate district, perfect for football.
4	Four of us spent a couple of nights here over a weekend and we were pretty pleased with everything.  Their rates were very reasonable but there weren't any events occuring at the nearby Jobing Arena or University of Phoenix Stadium.Overall the room was quite nice albeit a tad on the small size for 4 campers but we made it work.  It was clean and close to parking even though we were on the 4th floor.  They include a pretty nice buffet breakfast that features real hot and fairly delicious items like omelets, bacon and sausage.  You can also make your own waffle while enjoying a fresh bagel or danish with your coffee while you wait.  Plenty of fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal, etc. as well.This is not a 5 star property but it probably rates as high as you can go for a hotel at this price point.  Friendly and helpful staff, nice pool area and close to the 101 freeway as well as lots of restaurants and shopping.  Oh, and they provide FREE wifi which is great.
4	Room 4072Dbl + sofa EXCEPTIONALLY caring staff and Manager who is there to make stay the best experience possible!!!PROSNice poolFree laundryConveniently located to shopping & stadiumNice neighborhoodCONSSmall fitness roomRoom wasn't cleanFurniture too big for room
