3	This is the Myers Park location.  Their menu confuses me as does the layout in all of their stores.  Everything's split into sections that I can't seem to categorize.  Soups vs. sandwiches?  Or entrees vs. salads?  I can never figure out what line I should be standing in to place my order.   But the staff is friendly and helpful.  When I ask for something specific they're always able to point out something similar on their menu and help me order what I want for lunch or dinner.
3	I'm a big fan of Panera's food and have been for years. The baked potato soup is good on a cold day, and the sandwiches help heal you on Sunday afternoons when you're feeling the pain of a late Saturday night. The soup, sandwiches and salads are all good-quality and relatively cheap. Not to mention the delicious baked goods they sell.I'm not as much of a fan of this location however. Parking is a pain there. It's a popular place, and there is often a long wait to order. Plus, the Myers Park crowd is pretty snobby. Warning: Don't go on a Sunday morning or early afternoon. The place is packed with Myers Park socialites who just got out of church and you'll struggle to get a table in the large restaurant. On the bright side, they've got free wireless.
2	I really like Panera, but like Amy R, I've had a bad experience with this location. The service strikes me as being ill-equipped to deal with the crowds, and they can get a little fussy about any requests that are slightly out of the ordinary. For instance, I had a teabag in my coffee cup the last time I was in there, and I asked if I could get some hot water. The woman behind the counter really, really didn't want to get me hot water, and then she charged me the same price as she would have for tea. It was pretty lame.That said, I have business in that area of town, so I kind of find myself drawn to the yummy sandwiches and free wireless.
3	So I'm not quite sure if Panera is a national phenomenon yet, but it should be. One challenge of moving to the Charlotte area from the Northeast has been to try to recognize what's a chain and what's not, or which restaurants are Charlotte originals or more regionals chains. In any event, Panera is a lot like Au Bon Pain, for those familiar with that restaurant, but this location at least is a lot bigger. It's huge, which made for a pretty efficient ordering process when I was in there recently during the lunch crunch. That's huge in city with so many people leaving their offices to descend on the same few lunch places. I liked that about Panera--and it's super clean and well-run, too. As for the food, I was very pleased. Try the Chicken Caesar sandwich--it's huge and was really fresh. The bread, obviously, was amazing, hence the name of the place. And all of it was very affordable too.
4	I find myself gravitating to Panera when I need a breakfast on the go and usually find the free wireless keeps me there for a little while. Great bread products, including bagels and pastries as well as whole loaves, Panera also makes delicious soups and salads. I particularly enjoy both the cinnamon loaf and the sourdough for making French toast at home.The menu can certainly be confusing with one section near the breads that also has all the pastries. The other section has all the "meal" options with clearly labeled prices, but if you're not familiar with it, it is very easy to be overwhelmed. The staff are helpful with suggestions if you're not sure what you want and patient if you need to make a decision. Once ordered, the food is prepared and ready for pick up within minutes, even during the lunch rush.On the negative side, it is a little on the spendy side for such casual eating. A cup of coffee, a bagel ("premium" bagels are another 25 cents) and a small tub of cream cheese is $4.09. The "special" pick two with a drink will run you close to $10, which is two of either a sandwich salad or soup. Don't get me wrong, it's delicious and very fresh, but for the setting, it seems a little bit on the high side of the price spectrum.Like all of them, this Panera is very clean and the staff circulates regularly to clean up abandoned dishes on the tables (you're expected to bus your own) and refill the four coffee urns (bold, regular, decaf and hazelnut). The coffee and soda fountain has free refills and there have been a few days where I've just bought the one cup in the morning and then watched the breakfast crowd phase into lunch and then dinner, and never been hassled.Panera is quite the hangout. I usually see people picking the location for casual meetings (does the phrase "showing the plan" mean anything to you?) and get togethers. Lots of people with laptops, there are electrical outlets near about half of the tables. The wi-fi is pretty stable (though I've occasionally had problems) and easy to connect. I see 7 or 8 other people with laptops and the connection is surprisingly fast.
4	I really enjoy Panera, it's consistent and prices are pretty reasonable when you consider how much food you are getting, and its possible to eat rather healthy and still be satisfied.Came on Sunday for a late lunch and it was dead in there.  Got the Pick 2 with 1/2 greek salad and 1/2 chicken noodle soup, whole grain bread as the side...and then to counteract the healthiness of all that I got the chocolate chip cookie!  I mean its Panera's fault, they can't advertise everywhere that any bakery item is 99 cents with the purchase of an entree and drink, and not expect me to succumb to the not so subliminal advertising.  Everything was delish and I cleaned my plates, except I left half of the bread to save room for that yummy cookie!
3	In a quest to find free Wi Fi this morning, I stumbled upon Panera on Providence and couldn't have been happier. I stopped by a few Starbucks locations but it was full of hipsters and other bank or govt employees that had the day off so that was a no go. But then I remembered Panera and how I never visited this location before so decided to give it a shot. It's like any other standard Panera, piping hot coffee and pastries galore but it wasn't too crowded and I found a cushioned seat to nestle myself in. It's been forever since I have been to a Panera and I found out about their My Panera rewards program, which may be newer-like any program, the more you spend, the more goodies you get in return. Friendly staff, lots of seating, free Wi Fi and no screaming babies (yet). I dig.
5	Great place to grab a bite!  It fills up quick around lunch time but the staff is always friendly and efficient, so you're in an out of line way before you're ready to make a decision from there vast menu of food.  I usually get the soup in the bread bowl, with a side of bread and some sandwich on the side!  mmmm... Carbs!  Check it out, you definitely won't be disappointed!
3	Ate breakfast here this morning after an appointment.  Can't go wrong with breakfast at Panera.  My one gripe about this place is the parking lot.  It's a little tight in places and people drive like they own the place.  I've had numerous close calls in the parking lot and also just trying to turn in from Providence can be a hassle as well.  If you brave all the road rage, you will be rewarded with some good sandwiches or baked treats.
3	Panera beckons you from the road with its crazy good broccoli cheddar soup and cinnamon crunch bagels. Separate, of course. Never eat those together. Plus, free wifi, smiley employees and plenty of seating. Oh, and I really dig that the calorie content is listed on the menus now! So, why not four or five stars for this location? The.Parking.Is.Horrendous. It's awful. I've been to this Panera many a time and every single visit I'm dodging cars, honking my horn to avoid someone backing into me or generally just being annoyed that there is very, very limited parking - even if you drive around back. I like you Panera, but it's really tough to continue this relationship if we want to see each other during lunch hours.
3	This location has friendly staff and are in a nice location...close to uptown but far enough away to have a parking lot (albeit a crazy busy one!). I like that the calorie count is right on the big reader boards. Stop in for your morning cup of tea or a lunch meeting. Great for both!
4	My favorite place to go to when I can't think of anything else to eat. Lots of variety and you won't feel 100% unhealthy after downing it. Good change up from fast food.
3	The Soups draw me in, especially the Broccoli Cheese and Black Bean. They are amazing and come with a side (chips, apple, or bread), which I suggest ordering the side of bread. It is a nice piece of a baguette, perfect for dipping.Unfortunately this location is very limited in parking and during lunch seems to be overwhelming. Although good, be prepared to take a few extra minutes to park and wait in the LONG line, as thing seems to be a convenient hot stop, in Myers Park, for many area businesses.
4	Can't go wrong with Panera. Providence Rd. makes the best Frozen Caramels! No ice chunks lol
2	The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because I do like the food at Panera in general.  This location and the customer service are terrible here, to the point where I won't even bother going anymore.  I work in the area and have given way more chances than I should have for them to try to redeem themselves.  The staff seems as though they have no training in customer service, I even called one day to complain to a manager because I was apparently interrupting a conversation between a cashier and a customer who already paid.  The customer even said, "Oh, I'm sorry.  You can take care of her".  The cashier proceeded to say "It's ok, she can wait".  Are you kidding me?!  That was a first at any restaurant I'd ever been to.  Another time I went in during the evening, the place was basically empty.  The cashier asked if she could take my order, I told one minute I was deciding.  She walked into the back and didn't come back, I waited for someone to come help me which they didn't so I left.  I don't have too much to say about the parking lot because I would walk there but I know it's hard to get in and get out.
4	I would've given a five star, but I feel there's room for improvement on the breakfast menu. There's not enough variety. I love Panera, and usually go there for lunch. Their lunch menu is very diverse. The Breakfast menu should be the same, or at least half as diverse as the lunch menu. Just my opinion. Anyway, I purchased an Asiago bagel (toasted), with roasted vegetable medley cream cheese. Very good! I had a cup of delicious Panera coffee that I made at home with it! Oh, the cashier that took my order was very friendly, and want afraid to smile! I love that! Well that's my 2 cents! Have a wonderful day!
1	I am a regular customer at Panera Bread. MY last 2 experiences at this location were very disappointing. I usually order online at my job, walk over, pick the food up. On December 30, 2014 i ordered my lunch and walked over. I waited a while as they were busy so i assumed it would only be a few minutes. Usually this location is very fast with getting my order out. As i waited I noticed people who ordered at the cashier after me were getting their food so i asked the lady at the window if there was an order being prepared for Brittany. She couldnt find the order so she grabbed the Manager. Unfortunately I didnt get his name but he was very rude to me. He told me that several other online orders were accidentally sent to another Panera. I told him i understood that but it was not my fault that the system was flawed. He never made an effort to remake my order which was already paid for or refund my gift card. He also said multiple times that it was probably my fault and that i ordered at the wrong one which is not true because i have my favorite location, under my Panera account. I left with no lunch and no refund, which i do not even want after my second experience. Today i ordered online again. I work in an office and can bring my small 3 pound dog with me who i usually keep in my purse. Ive ran in and out of Panera with her before without problems. I understand animals do not belong in restaurants but she is always in my bag, always quiet, never barks/growls and we literally grab the bag of food and run out so we don't cause a scene. Today one employee (not a manager, Heavy set, african american woman) asked very rudely if i had my order yet and when i said "no" she said loudly under her breath to another employee that i need to get my food and get out because i had a dog in my purse. After the rude encounter with this awful woman with the worst attitude, a woman manager came up to me and asked if i had credentials for the dog and when i said no she quickly and smartly said "you don't need to be in here and must leave immediately" with attitude. If this situation would have been handled with respect and some sort of integrity, i would not be writing this. I do not appreciate being talked down to and disrespected. As for the employee who spoke under her breath, she needs a serious lesson in customer service and learn how to deal with people in a proper manor instead of her disgusting, classless attitude towards other people. The managers both need to be more mature and act like an actual adult when talking to customers. I thought the point of a restaurant was to have people enjoy their experience and have customers wanting to come back.
