5	Holy cow!  I just did the whole Melrose antique/retro tour and also wanted to check out Metro Retro.By far, the CLEANEST place!  Classiest, too.   They guys who own it are awesome and I stayed and chatted for about 15 minutes.They didn't have what I was looking for, but if you want retro furniture that's in *really* great shape and *really* funky, this is the place to go!
4	Metro Retro is very cool.  It runs a bit on the more expensive side but not too bad.  Darn it!  Why didn't our parents keep the 60's 70's stuff around??!!  It's back in and people are paying a decent amount for my old headboard growing up.The store is non crammed, spacious and easy to maneuver in-- this makes shopping for furniture easier for sure.   I saw a couple pieces I liked but wouldn't work in our house.   I plan to come back again and again-- stuff turns over quickly and it's a different store after every few weeks.
4	Metro Retro moved from Central Ave to Hazelwood/7th Ave.The store is different, not as cool as the old space but still has the cool stuff in it-- so it doesn't really matter!  It looks like some of the prices dropped as well, this is nice for me and probably for many others like me!  It's only open on Saturdays.  But you can call and request to go in and look for something it sounds like or to pick something up.  I plan to go often and see what moves through Metro Retro.
4	This place was featured in an issue of the Phoenix magazine, so my friend and I, per our usual Sunday outings, went out to explore.  It's kind of off the main path, so be on the lookout for the big sign along 7th that tells you where to turn.  I didn't find anything to buy here today, but it's a great space.  The owners have this garage space that they fill with really metro and retro furnishings.  Very true to the name.  They have great pieces like this Frank Lloyd Wright armchair I thought was fantasic.  Alas, the chair was a bit out of my league (can anyone spare me $1500?), but I'd expect as much since it was an FLW original.  There were other pieces that were a bit more wallet-friendly, so it's a good place to go to look for some fun furnishings to liven up your own space.  Also a plus: the owners are really friendly.  When we pulled up, they were chatting with some folks outside the garage, and when they left, they were really quick to acknowledge us and ask us about what we were in the market for.  They didn't persevere, either.  They just told us that if we didn't find anything today, they always have new stuff coming in, and to check them out again.  I intend to.  Sidenote: There's a cat leashed up as kind of a greeter at the entrance to the garage, which I found kind of cute, so that's just an added bonus.
4	This place is very true to its name-very retro, very metro. The prices were a bit high but all of their items are truly unique. FLW pieces, Eames airport benches, etc. Great spot for someone looking for a specific designer who has some spare cash they need to burn. The owners were super friendly and the location was super cute! It's a little hard to find but once you do, it's a treat. The only reason I'm not giving them more stars is the prices are more than I can afford.
5	I Think this place is AMAZING. They have a really nice selection of Mid Century Modern furniture and the owner was really nice.  There were lots of nifty pieces and I really like the vintage retro airport sofa seat. I will be back for sure!!
4	Fabulous mid century treasures...for all price points. They are absolutely a delight to work with and complete professionals. I am so glad they have moved into this space and are no longer just by appointment only! All of their pieces are in such great condition and they tend to have really unusual cool items. Love this place- huge fan!
5	In the mood for some funky mid century furniture to take the edge of your Ikea hangover? This is THE PLACE to come. The owners are as friendly as can be and they are really approachable if you aren't an expert in mid century furniture (like me!). There is also an amazing jewelry store within PMR just ask to see Heidi's works of art!
5	Heidi and Doug not only helped furnish a third of my house with distinct, mid-century pieces, they also continue to infuse 7th Ave. (and all of Central Phoenix) with community-minded events, lectures, and parties.They are very knowledgeable in Danish Modern especially, and they offered fair deals (when compared with Red Modern).I went to the kickoff party for Modern Phoenix Week, and Doug and Heidi let us carry on well past the posted party hours.  What a great space to linger and luxuriate with Bertoia, Eames, Sottsass, Saarinen, Jacobsen, and others.The house cat's harness is precious, too.With Modern Manor next door, this may be a one-stop mid-century plop.
5	Full disclosure, I have not purchases anything from PHX Metro Retro, however, I love the place and certainly will buy once the right item comes through their doors. I know what I'm looking for and while I play the waiting game I'm more than happy to pop in once or twice a month to see what's new. The place is great.Heidi and Doug have always been great to talk to. I see them as stewards of the PHX modern/retro community. They love to share their knowledge and have always been super friendly.
5	I met Doug and Heidi when they hosted the 2009 Get Your PHX Christmas party.  My first comment upon walking in the store was, "This looks like my parents' living room!"  And in those two sentences you have what Phoenix Metro Retro is:  an awesome midcentury modern design store, and a community center for the Melrose District.  PMR is always hosting lectures, get-togethers over and above their stated business intent, and for those who enjoy this genre of furniture and accessories, it's the first place to go when you're looking for just the right piece.  Because if it is, it will also be the last.  Be sure to join their Facebook page so you can be apprised of the latest social goings-on, which tend to ramp up during the winter months.
4	Small mid-century furniture store, conveniently located next to similar stores Modern Manor and Melrose Market.  Some exceptional pieces, I thought the prices were a little high though.
5	Phoenix Metro Retro is a mid century modern furniture store that also specializes in Scandinavian furniture pieces. Heidi and Douglas are the owners and they are the most genuine people! They are extremely helpful and they take pride in their storefront. Their furniture is top-notch and so amazing. They work hard to bring their customers the best. Heidi Abrahamson also has her silver smithing studio out of the back of the store and her one-of-a-kind pieces are SPECTACULAR! Next time you're in, go up to the display cases and take a look for yourself. Heidi also sells vintage Scandinavian jewelry pieces. You can get your couch, your lighting, your art and maybe even a jewelry piece or two here and you'll always leave happy!
4	Mid Century Modern: CheckGreat selection: CheckQuality vintage pieces: CheckReasonable pricing: CheckHelpful and enthusiastic owners: CheckSo why are you still reading?  :)The shop is not huge, but they carry a really good selection of MCM furniture and accessories.  One of the things I really like is that this is my go to place if I am looking for a vintage dining table chair or an original MCM lamp.  They have a little of everything, but they have a lot of dining chairs in the loft space, so if there is something you are looking for or a piece in your home just busted and you are looking for an exact match, this is a really good place to check out.  I purchased a tall chest of drawers from them and am really happy with my purchase.  It was exactly what I was looking for.
5	So glad I checked their website - they are closed till Aug 30 !  Can't wait to visit
5	This place is always at the top of my list when I am looking for the perfect piece of unique furniture.  Heidi has always been an incredible resource.  When I was looking for a specific pair of night stands she took the time to try and find out who the maker was and where I could possibly find them.  You don't really come by this type of service very often.  For jewelry, Heidi's one of a kind pieces are modern and edgy, so if you are looking for something truly special, this is the perfect place to look for jewelry and mid century/Scandinavian furniture.
