4	In the fast food world Sonic ranks right up there for four very important reasons:Cherry Dr Pepper.Tots.Breakfast burritos.Breakfast burritos with tots inside.I'm not the biggest fan in the world of a Sonic burger.  Their chicken  sandwiches are ho-hum.  Their wraps are actually good, and if you get the grilled chicken one it's actually not too bad for you, either.  Nothing else on the menu really grabs me where it counts, ya know?  By no matter what, if I get it with a side of tots and a Cherry Dr Pepper I'm a happy girl.  Better yet, if I get one of their, frankly, pretty effing awesome breakfast burritos encapsulating not only the eggs and peppers and all that goodness but also acting as an edible treasure chest full of tots I'm over the moon!Their soda fountain can't be beat.  I loved it as a kid and I love it now.  Although I'm pretty much firmly ensconced in the Cherry Dr Pepper camp, you can add one of TONS of flavors to any drink, not just your traditional chocolate, vanilla and cherry.  Orange, grape, watermelon, coconut, lemon, lime, strawberry - the list goes on and on.It's still funny to see the carhops come out in their roller blades.  I know Sonic gave up it's trying-to-do-the-50s thing a while ago, but the roller blades still crack me up.
4	OK it may not be this particular Sonic's but it doesn't matter because they're getting a  good review. After Dropping off Hubby at McCarren I came here with my friend and her daughter and I got a yummy burger and tots and a 99cent Banana Split. It was delicious. It was fast. I was happy =]
4	Super sonic cheeseburger!!!!! That is what you have to order. One of the best tasting fast food burgers I have ever had. The patties were seasoned really well, with the right amount of cheese. They also have slushes and shakes. Do not forget the lime-aids, very refreshing. You cannot go wrong with the frozen treats and sundaes here.
3	Oh Sonic, why aren't you in LA? For fast food, this is the holy grail of obese dining. Want to order drive through? Yea, we got that. Oh wait, you want to fat it up in your car, and have someone serve you? BOOM, done. I wish everything in life could be delivered on roller skates.Tried th Sonic croissant BLT, tater tots, and breakfast sandwich. All were good for fast food, not too greasy, and about $8 for a meal for two. Seriously, this place is so fun, but the food will kill you. I should have jogged over from my hotel to undo the damage this did to my arteries.
5	Great food! Carhops are cute! Service was good and food was hot! They cook to order and deliver on skates! How cool is that! I told the manager about Yelp and he said "Anyone who reads this review and comes to my Sonic will get a surprise!" "A free Jr. Candy Sundae with the purchase of a combo!"  That's pretty cool of him. It's only good at this location so if you like being spoiled, stop by and mention "Yelp" you get this deal!
4	Oh god how I love Sonic. As a vegetarian it is very difficult to find good fast food, but Sonic does it at a very fair price. So as semi-embarrassing as it is, I order the kid's meal with grilled cheese, tater tots, and Ocean Water, a delicious blue Sprite-like soda drink. The grilled cheese is always on thick, spongy bread and made to perfection. And the tots.... oh the tots. SO good. I also ordered a snack trio that comes with mozzarella sticks, tots, and onion rings. The food came out quickly but they did forget the marinara sauce for the mozzarella sticks, but it was still delicious without. Sonic is always quick and easy, and the price is always nice; they even have a $1 menu now. The food is always great and they have items I totally crave in a drive-in setting that is very convenient.
3	Sonic has ok food for a drive-in.  They do have tater tots which I love.  They also offer them topped with chili and cheese.  On this trip I ordered the popcorn chicken with chili-cheese tots.  If you are in a hurry or just need a quick lunch this is an ok place.The one noteable downside is that it is not a good place to meet people for lunch.  They offer outside seating, but that is not a fun thing in Las Vegas in the summer.  As long as you are in the same vehicle there are no issues.
5	Love Sonic. I was thirsty and got a Route 44. And a Chicago Dog. Im not disappointed with much if anything on the menu but the hot dog fell short. It wasnt anything to write home about and ill never try it again.
4	Nothing major to get right or wrong on our last visit, just a couple shakes, normally have to repeat myself when ordering or requesting condiments as the staff either doesn't listen or doesn't care about what you ask for.The shakes were delicious, and mixed well.
2	The main reason to come to Sonic: Tater Tots.  Man, I love those little potato barrel nuggets.  Simple, salty as hell and delicious.  If you need a tot fix, it's a solid choice.But. . . tots are just a side (well, to most people).  Sonic also has burgers and hot dogs, but they're mediocre.  But in a town with In n' Out and Five Guys, why would you order a fast food burgers from Sonic? So leave the burgers alone.  Eat the tots for a meal.
4	I enjoy the fact that the breakfast menu is all the time.
3	We went to the Sonic in Orange County, CA and weren't impressed. This Sonic in Henderson was a little better food wise, but its the same old "welcome to Sonic, we can't get your order right". Now, they took care of their mistake, but it would be nice if you could walk in and order face to face instead of talking into the stupid box... then to top it off you swipe your card at the machine outside? If you like an OK burger and don't like to talk to people face to face this is the place to go... if not In N Out is down the street.
5	Always correct and efficient. Also, I think this one tastes better than others. Hah. The employees are pleasant, which is basically a bonus when it comes to fast food.I'm in a love/hate with the location -- hate it because it's just far enough to be annoying but love it because if it was closer I'd probably eat it way too much.Their Ocean Water tastes really, really good.  I know - odd, but awesome.
4	Growing up I could walk to a Sonic from my house.  So I am too familiar with all the goodness that America's drive-in has to offer.  When we moved to Vegas we noticed that Sonic's are here in Vegas but not a lot.  We live over by the South point so we actually have to travel to the 2 Sonic's that are sort of close by.  If you haven't had a sonic burger, toaster, or coney then you are probably from the east coast.  Sonic is the place in the southwest.  I will always get a Super Sonic Cheeseburger.  How can you go wrong when the word "Super" is in the name of your burger.  I am from New Mexico and you will notice that there is a topping called green chiles.  Don't confuse this with jalapenos.  This is the real deal and I think it is actually hatch green chile.  My wife always gets the coney dog.  Sonic was also one of the first fast food place to serve breakfast all day.  I don't really like eating in the car but we have 2 small children and it's kind of easy when they are strapped in their seats.  So if you haven't had a Sonic burger you are missing out.  Make sure to get cheese and green chiles on your burger! Cheers!
2	We came here the other night to satisfy our sweet tooth. We ordered the lava cake with ice cream and caramel. We were a disappointed. It's safe to say we will not be ordering it again from here.
1	Ugh... Normally I go to the Sonic on Warm Springs by Eastern and I wish I had gone there as usual.  I will never be going back to this one and I don't know if I will ever go back to Sonic in general again this place ruined it for me.  My boyfriend and I went here yesterday 7/31/13 around 10:30 PM and used the drive through.  All we ordered was one small and one mini ice cream blast with no other cars in front of us we got to the window gave them the money and then it took them almost 10 minutes to get us our ice cream... We would have just left if we didn't already give them the money.  As far as I know my boyfriend did not have a problem with his Reese's blast.  Me on the other hand I got an Oreo blast enjoying it until I got a weird stringy thing in my mouth it wasn't a hair I'm not quite sure what it was my boyfriend told be it looked like a bug leg...EEEEKKS! I don't think it was that either, HOPEFULLY!  Anywho it was not the only one that was in my blast and I am super grossed out and will NEVER be returning!!!!   GROSSSSSSSS!!!!!!
4	Happy Hour Everyday 2-5pm .. half price drinks n slushes ..
1	Normally I reserve my review writing for restaurants that serve great food, I'll make an exception this time.Everyone knows that Sonic isn't the best place to eat, unless you want your arteries to clog and your heart to fail you generally just come every now and then for a shake or to get that tater tot fix.I happen to drop by here frequently because I'm a big fan of the Rt. 44 Diet Coke. This isn't my favorite Sonic, that's the awesome one on Warm Springs and Eastern, but this is sometimes closer to me. So, drop by here one day and sit and sit and sit, just waiting on my oh-so-difficult order of a soft drink. I see one person go through the drive-thru, then another, then another. I finally buzz asking where my drink is. I'm on lunch and I have a job that isn't as easy as delivering a drink to a customer so I've got to get back to it. I wait and see ANOTHER car go through. I buzz again. A few minutes later FINALLY someone comes to give me my drink. Without a straw. Nice. So, I give this dump another chance and drop by today. This time I have a coupon for a free drink. I go so often I deserve a free one every now and then. I have some teenager with an attitude problem (working at Sonic, of course you do) confront me and ask for my coupon. I tell him I use this all the time. He demands it again. I tell him to get his manager. His manager, who barely speaks English, comes out and I discuss the problem with him. He PRETENDS like he cares and is going to fix the problem. I wait and wait and wait. Nothing. I buzz and ask for my drink (anyone see a pattern?). Says it's coming, nothing. Finally I get my drink FULL of ice, little drink and just want to get out of this trashy place.This Sonic isn't a corporate store, it's a franchise and they do not give a sh** about you. Go to any other Sonic because they are awesome. This one blows. Ugh.
1	Had a hamburger a long time ago, nothing special. Definitely not in the same league as In-and-out.Scumbag company advertises by littering on your vehicle. My BMW is not a mailbox, stop leaving your junk on my car and keep your dirty hands off my car.Zit faced kid in a Sonic uniform litters throughout my business park, I will now NEVER buy anything from this business, well off to Google to leave another one star!
1	Typical fastfood quality. Now I remember why I don't go here. Chicken in the chicken sandwich was falling off in between the bread. Lettuce was all over the bag. Save your money, head down Pecos and checkout Parsley's for a good, quality lunch.
3	I got my Sonic fix, so there is a couple stars for ya.Sadly our fries were VERY undercooked, I didn't get any mustard with my plain hot dog, and we didn't get any napkins.These are fast food basics, people.
