5	I am giving this review 5 stars partly on a leap of faith because it is still a developing business.  But so far, I like what I see and I see myself being a regular here.I was familiar with Neos because of the funny radio commercials I heard on KissFM while driving to work.  I now have Sirius because the repeated Shane Company diamond commercials where causing me to bang my head into the dash board so often that it was creating a large dent.  But the Neos commercials were short, witty and appreciated.  However - this is the not the same Neos that you may be familiar with. This new Neos Medspa is under new ownership and management.  I was a little surprised with the small size of the new medspa, but I was also a little relieved.  I was always hesitant about certain procedures because you have to leave most of your modesty at the door and I am a rather modest person.  But the small staff (who are also the owners), and homely office, felt warming and welcoming.  It was definitely less intimidating than other medspas I have considered in the past.Neos was very honest and straightforward with me, they did not try to sell me any product or convince me I needed anything extra. I am easily influenced when it comes to buying things, so this is something appreciated more so by my husband.Since I have Sirius, I don't know if the new Neos Medspa has radio commercials or if they will have the same comical flair, but as long as Tom Shane is not involved, it won't be the most annoying thing on the radio.  If he is involved, I will be doing a review update.
4	i had a great time here. There was a little wait, but got a free B12 shot while I waited. I had laser hair removal, so not quite sure how it responded. I bought the package of 6, so Im hoping for great results!I also have sent my daughter in, so Im hoping for great things for her also!
1	There are lots of businesses that do what they do.    I recommended that you do plenty of homework before doing business with Neos Medspa.   They moved to their new location from their mall location for a reason.     If you have a problem, the doctor that oversees the practice does not call you back.     Think twice before getting a B12 from them.   Ask lots of questions and then go find someone else to get one from.   It's just not worth the risk.
