5	I have seen numerous performances by magicians and mentalists over the years and your act ranks right up there with the best of them!  I look forward to you entertaining my team again at our next corporate function. Jay LuberPresidentGalaxy Lending Group
5	Brett adds a whole new dimension to the party! A true entertainer, skilled mentalist & magician! Had a great time seeing his act this past Sunday. Hire him for your next event, he will not disappoint and your guests will love it!
5	Brett is amazing. You must hire him for your next event. Very personable and professional. Tricks will blow your mind!! Being a former Talent Executive for HBO scouting the country for the best talent, I have seen practically every magician and mentalist in the country and Brett is one of the best I have seen. He deserves his own show. :)
5	I have had the pleasure of witnessing Brett's abilities first hand and must say - THEY ARE UNBELIEVABLE!!!  As someone who prides myself on being able to 'figure out' how most things work in the "magic world" I am absolutely stumped at those he's has in his repertoire. He is a class act and very personable.  These attributes, along with his amazing skill set, are a perfect recipe for anyone looking to hire an entertainer.  If your in the market to do so I highly recommend him. You'll be Amazed!!!
5	Brett came and entertained guests in our home for a Halloween party. He was so personable and really blew people away with his performances. Our guests are still talking about how amazing he was and days have passed since our party. He definitely made the party memorable and we would highly recommend him for any event you have planned, he will definitely more than entertain your group, he will keep them guessing days later on how he does it! We all loved it!
5	Brett is simply awesome!  He performed at our company holiday party and we were so blown away that we hired him for our sons birthday party.  We have an interesting family dynamic and Brett made everyone feel right at home.  His professionalism is second to none!  He has charisma, he's very relevant and his tricks will blow your mind!  If you want to have some fun at your next party or corporate event I would highly recommend Brett!
5	Brett did an amazing job at our work holiday party. The party was outdoors on a hotel pool deck and he was able to "work the crowd" in a challenging setup and made sure everyone was entertained. He was an absolute pleasure to work with and people are still talking about what a great guy he was.  I have nothing but good things to say.  You will not be disappointed!
5	Brett is amazing! I dont know how he does what he does but he is highly skilled and an amazing and fun performer. He performed for our son's first birthday party recently. It was the perfect thing for a one year old party, considering most of the guests were adults. I highly recommend him for any party or event. He captivates the audience and I must say everyone was mesmorized by his abilites.  I would absolutely use him again and will also like to add that he is extremely professional and easy to work with!
5	5 Stars.  INCREDIBLE.  Brett performed for our neighborhood party last night.  He did a combination of "strolling" through the crowd while people were socializing and a stand-up performance at the end of the night.  Everyone loved it - and him.  He is personable and fit right in with us.  By the end of the night, he was a neighbor, too! Email communication/booking before the event was EASY and well organized, he was on-time to the party and immediately ready to work.  I've already had people ask for his booking information.  He is such a great find - he almost seemed TOO good and TOO amazing for our neighborhood party.  We should have been at a show in Vegas or something (and paying top $$)...  He is affordable, amazing and I right now I wish I was keeping him for my own party secret - now I am going to have to compete for his business with everyone else reading these reviews.  Why didn't I think of that sooner? ;)
5	What a wonderful night we had with Brett! Our event went off without a hitch, and everyone enjoyed the show. He was great with our group making sure everyone was included. His professionalism was so refreshing Brett was working I was able to sit back and watch my guest be amazed! If this is an act you are thinking about...BOOK HIM !!!  You will not be disappointed
5	You're party isn't a party unless you have Brett entertaining your guests!We had an event for 80 people and let me tell you, Brett blew 80 minds!  Every single guest came up to me in complete awe of Brett's performance.  What was so nice was that it was Brett who casually engaged guests a handful at a time and mingled with everyone, it was flawless.  Hiring Brett for your event - whether a corporate function, birthday party, wedding reception, cocktail party, or WHATEVER will mean the difference of the event being an alright night or a completely unforgettable experience.  I will never, ever have a party again without Brett there.  Simply put - the best.
5	We hired Brett Barry for a private, corporate party for our customers. We asked that Brett walk around and entertain small groups at the party. Our customers were blown away by his talent. People were still talking about him the next day. He was professional and kept people engaged and entertained. He had a good variety of mental tricks - more than I had anticipated. I would HIGHLY recommend him for your next party.
5	Looking for that unique and entertaining idea for your next event? Everyone has that one party that keeps coming up for years to come as the one everyone remembers. Brett brought the party tonight for our event. He is engaging and kept the crowd in awe. He enchanted us with his simplistic but unexplainable performance. Don't trust the Rubik's cube; it will give you away! I would recommend Brett highly for any party, large or small, and all ages. He is quite gifted and will leave you pondering...
