5	Great coffee, great atmosphere, good prices, wifi available, drive thru... All you can want from a coffee shop. Conveniently located right in front of the CSN Charleston campus also.
5	Oh Wow ! AMAZING customer service! This is the magic hole in the wall spot you've been looking for.  The prices are unbeatable for the quality  A+
5	I know everyone loves their Starbucks, but this place is great!  Yummy morning goodies and the coffee is wonderful.  Will be back again :)
4	Pretty cool price, a mocha frappy is only 3.70, pretty good deal, free wifi, next to csn...Price is way cheaper than starbucks, coffee taste pretty good, high quality ingredients.They offer a variety of interesting desert.
1	Surcharge on card transactions under $5. Was given a pastry that was somehow dry and frozen solid at the same time. Didn't order coffee because the choices are pretty boring. I love a good non-Starbucks joint, but this isn't it.
5	This place is amazing, they have different of kinds of pastry. Unbelievable pastries that I never seen. Tests really. I would recommend this place to any one who is looking for good coffee,tea and good pastries
5	This place is really great, has many kind of pastries and a lot of collections. I would recommend this place to all those who has good taste for pastries and coffee/ tea. I really like this place.
5	Great place, great coffee, and free wifi! Need I add more? Oh yes I do, the customer service is spectacular. :)
5	This place has really good coffee and pastries. They have lunch options like quiches and little pizzas too! Also, you get a 10% discount if you're a student. It's also very quaint and smells nice.
4	I believe this is an Armenian cafe! Don't be fooled, it looks like a "To-Go" kind of place--it's actually really cozy inside; and rather large ! The prices of food are not bad at all; we actually loved how cheap everything was. The coffee wasn't bad at all, anything coffee is pretty okay; I can't say the same for the Thai Tea Latte--it wasn't very flavorful. The desserts were cheap and good also! Although, they were a bit cold which hardened some of the cakes that we ate and took away flavor. The pizza they heated up for us was actually pretty tasty. You just can't go wrong with pizza :) Another great item was the quiche. Mmmmmm. The quiche is a great breakfast item for the road! They are a bit slow at preparing stuff, but I'm sure that will pick up once they get rolling with heavier crowds! The service is really good and the people working there are extremely nice ;) It's always a plus when you have a good experience!!! Don't pass this cafe by for an early morning coffee!
4	Amazing coffee!! You can't go wrong with danesi. Staff is extremely friendly and attentive to your needs. Birds nest is a must have!!
5	Hands down best coffee joint ever. It was the best drive thru experience me and my friend met the owners husband and wife and they were the nicest people I have encountered , they asked us about every detail of our order to perfect it. Completely awesome food and service. They have organics which is dope and they have so much more than coffee. Honestly best place to wake up too.
5	Cozy little cafePrices are good and wow the mocha crappy is amazing. And their cannolis are bomb
4	I had the apple strudel with a white chocolate mocha and both were very delicious. This place is family owned and usually I see the same two people when I come in. I found it funny when I saw that they had a drive-thru window.I could say that their espresso seems to be a higher quality in taste than Starbucks.
5	Such a great little cafe. I love the decor and the tiramisu is delicious. Its very comfortable and the people make you feel so welcome. I'm definitely coming back!
5	The more I come to this place for coffee. The more I love it. They always know how to make the perfect coffee.
5	I love this place! It was my first time today and I had the nicest person help me. I could chose whichever flavor my heart desired in my coffee. Even coconut! The pastries are to die for, like mil ojas. Idk how to translate in English but I used to be only able to find them in salvadorian bakeries so I was really surprised when I saw it here. Also, if you spend more than $5 you get a punch card. After 8, you get a free drink and pastry! Love it!
4	Prices are amazing, pastries all look good. The one I had was amazing, it was a spinache & cheese pastry. Service is a lil off. But not bad. I will be coming back
5	I'm a big fan of Armenian and Mediterranean pastries so I love this place! The owners are always on site and very friendly. They also have poem nights and other special events.
4	I love the homey feel, I got a chipped plate which really bothers me for some reason. Seems like a great place to kick back. Staff could be friendlier. The first time I thought she just was frazzled, second time I realized she exists in frazzled. The Sparrows Nest was stale, and she quickly replaced it, also gave us Baklava, which was the best I've ever had. Coffee drinks are really good, and the Cannoli was delish. I've been eating bars that are VERY healthy and good for me, so if I'm going to cheat it HAS to be worth it. This was. The seating is like someones den, comfy, warm, a chess set, some drawing pads, I really like that. Plan on making this a regular stop from now on. :)
5	Absolutely obsessed with this place. Come here every single day to get the soft chocolate chip cookies. Cannot stop eating them!Hebrew national hot dog is pretty great too!
5	1st visit here and I got to say I like it. Vibe is chill with some interesting decor and seems like a nice place for students across the street to study. Nadia was so kind at the register and she made my Frappe the way I liked it. White chocolate Frappe with Almond milk which was nice and creamy.  I love any coffee shop that offers almond milk!  Which automatically beats that one overrated coffee chain that doesn't even offer that option. Definitely coming back for more coffee when I'm around this part of town!
3	Um, pretty good place. I like the drive through and anything that's a Starbucks local competitor I'll give it a shot. Mocha wasn't bad, just every time I go there I can barely understand the guy that works there. I think it might be a cultural issue, but he comes off a little grumpy, I guess kinda reminds me of my dad. I haven't tried the food yet, but I am looking forward to it.
3	Good coffee! Better than Starbucks. Spacious with comfortable chairs. Free wifi. I got the spinach and cheese pastry. It was microwaved, but still cold in the middle. The pastry would have been better toasted! All the pastries are hand made in house and look delicious, but I'm not really a sweets person and decided to pass on them.
2	I love the food and atmosphere but they are so inconsistent with times. Theyre supposed to be open 6am-9pm. Everytime i have ever gone at 7am they havent been open and sometimes they close at 3pm. I calle at 5 and asked how late they'd be open. They told me 9. Just went at 6:30 and theyre closed. Very frustrating!
4	Stumbled upon this place during my lunch break today! Quiet place with not many people there. Loved the atmosphere, it had wide spaces with comfy chairs. I ordered a vanilla iced coffee with half and half and it was instantly one of my favorites! It was not too sweet and also so incredibly smooth. It was only $3.35 for a large which is including the $1 towards the vanilla syrup. Not bad at all! My friend got a pastry, the apricot streudel which she was less than impressed with - but it did look like their pastries may have been bought rather than made in-house? I am not 100% on that one. We did see two girls order crepe's though which looked fantastic and not overly priced! It is definitely on my list for must try.
1	First of all, I am only giving this place a one star because I can't give it a zero star rating. I stopped at this place only because I heard it was a really good place to have crepes. When we arrived at 7:50pm, even though the sign clearly says that they are open until 9:00pm, the cashier told us that he was going to close the crepes station in 30 minutes and it takes 20 minutes to make them so therefore he wasn't going sell us any. Clearly, they base business on a matter of self convenience rather than customer servicing.
1	So you're calling your would be paying customer, a liar? I walked into your establishment at 7:50pm and your neighbor Tropical Smoothie Caffe can verify that since we walked into their place after you denied us service. Plus, we have a receipt from the IHOP down the street posting our order at 8:15pm so how can we be at two places at once or why would we leave a full service restaurant and arrive to your place ten minutes before closing? I am not the only one that has posted a bad review about your "convenient" hours so if situations like this happened more than once then you should rethink and recalibrate your customer servicing, store hours and work ethic.
5	Amazing coffee and always have great service. Always quick getting in and out when im on the go. Enjoy the free wifi when I do stay.
5	Super chill spot to hang out. The coffee is better than Starbucks and the breakfast and the crepes and desserts are all delicious. Love it!
4	A cute coffee shop with wifi. Very relaxed atmosphere - great place to get some work done. I just wish this place was closer to my place...
3	We were in the area and wanted to check it out. Not a good vibe. One guy working. Owner? Maybe. There was a table of five women sitting and talking about quilting and knitting. Apparently, they had him so busy with orders that he ignored us for quite some time. Ordered a regular coffee, and a steamed milk with vanilla to go. Chose two cookies as well. Total was just under $8. The coffee was really good, as was the 'steamer'. The raspberry cookie had a raspberry jelly filling, and the chocolate chip had chocolate filling. They were pretty good. Did not like the vibe of the place, mostly because we were ignored when we first got there. But in the end it was okay.  Not sure we will be back.
4	Very cheap for excellent quality.Specifically pointed out and said the name of what I wanted, received something else, was still delicious which was the purpose in coming inside anyways, so no worries.Still unpleasant talking with (what I assumed to be the owner, seemed like I was bothering him.Although on the good side. Very pleasant little shop in the middle of a not so pleasant area, all in all was nice experience. Will be back. Mostly because of how good everything was.
