3	Sure it's not as big as Dick's at the mall, but in many departments they have more going on than Dick's - better selection of therapy items for elbows, knees, etc. including ice packs and braces.  This store is just more dense and less spacious is all.  Sometimes the checkout line can be slow but otherwise it's a reliable place for your sporting needs.
5	I was really impressed with Sports Authority this weekend, I don't normally like this place except for their large inventory.  It used to be hard to find someone to help you, but this weekend the service was top notch.  Everyone came up and offered to help and one guy was very helpful with our questions.  We bought a few camping chairs since the last ones we bought broke because they were cheap.  He advised us on which would last the longest and he also helped us pick out a pop-up.  We bought a few other things and everyone offered help which is a big deal for me since I would only go to Sports Chalet for this kind of service.  Good to hear the Corporate has gotten involved.
5	Bought a pair of athletic underwear. When I got home there was only one pair when there should've been two. I called the store immediately and they didn't question anything just said bring the one back and we'll get you a new set. Amber helped me out both times and she was great!
3	Tons of stuff but not a very good size selection.  They have a bit of everything but never seem to have what I am looking for.  Always sold out of Large and XL women's sizes, and don't carry talls when the label makes talls.  What they do have right is the sunglasses selection.  Ironman wrap arounds that are great for outdoor sports at a reasonable price. Every time I am in Arizona, I find myself hitting up this store for something.  I can find what I need about 50% of the time.
3	Bought a pair of new balance running shoes, the guy who helped me pick them out was very helpful and enthusiastic.  But when I was checking out and paying the cashier was really nice until I denied signing up for the rewards card. He became very short, ignored me when I asked about the return policy, and didn't want to give me a plastic bag for my shoe box. Don't think I'll come back to this sports authority any time soon.
