4	I had a spafinder.com gift card that was burning a hole in my wallet and after a quick online search, found Elements.  The Ft. Apache location has only been open one month, but I expect it to become very busy quickly.  My first impression of the place was by phone; I called earlier this morning to inquire about openings and had to leave a message, since the line was busy.  Much to my cynical surprise, I got a phone call about 10 minutes later from Elements.  Why was I surprised?  Because I've too often left voice mail messages and received nothing.  Nada.  So, props to Elements for actually calling a prospective customer back!I made an appointment for this afternoon and am writing this review in post-massage bliss.  My therapist, Simone, was attentive and unobtrusive and applied the perfect amount of pressure.  The room was very quiet with light ambient music, perfect for zoning out.  I told Simone that my problem areas are my neck and shoulders and she spent a good amount of time there.  Presently, I don't have any of the tension I normally feel.  After my massage, Simone gave me a bottle of water and walked me back to the waiting area.The receptionist was super friendly and seemed genuinely nice (versus "professional" nice).  :)FYI, Elements has a Wellness Program that sounds interesting; there is no fee to join, unlike some other massage places around town.  One can transfer the discounted fee to friends/family and benefits roll over each month.
5	I bought a group on because I wanted to try a new place for massage. I called and spoke to the owner Sue and she referred me to Anthony. She was friendly over the phone and very helpful. I went in for my appointment filled out my paperwork and Sue was there, she was absolutely adorable and so nice offered me water while I waited for Anthony. He came out just in time for my appointment. We discussed all problem areas. One word he was FABULOUS. To say the least I totally enjoyed my entire experience even prebooked another one for next month. I definitely recommend them.
4	For starters,  I'm a super-klutz with a substantial and ever evolving history of committing self-inflicted dings, bumps and muscle pulls and I have some chronic boo-boos that are eased by regular massage.  I'm also a blatant and compulsive massageoholic-knead me like dough and let those endorphins rise-so when I see a Groupon for new hands in the hood I simply cannot resist.Setting up my initial 80 minute massage appointment was a pleasant and easy booking experience and the same held true for when I called to see if I could use the YELP deal for 50% off a 110 minute massage.  It's the little things; like that seamless no hassle transition that placed this business a notch above others offering a comparable product with a similar price point.I arrived 10 minutes before my scheduled appointment to fill out some very brief paperwork and was graciously greeted by Sue.  The waiting area is comfortably and attractively appointed and I was offered some water before my session with Anthony began.Anthony came out to the waiting area to meet me and take me to the massage room.  We discussed my problem areas and areas I wanted to focus on and my comfort level in terms of body area, feet, gluts, etc.  The room was quiet, faultlessly the right shade of dim, perfect volume of mediocre music and the room temperature was comfortable.  A 110 minute deep tissue massage is no easy feat for a therapist; and Anthony was terrific for the entire session, using the right amount of pressure, being accommodating, focused, yet unobtrusive.  After my massage I was given bottled water and *bummer alert* a chocolate which turned out to be a Hershey's "chocolate flavored" death cube of genetically modified beet sugar, genetically engineered soy and a host of other anti-wellness non-goodness ingredients.  I like the concept, just not the choice of treat.Elements Therapeutic Massage is reasonably priced even without a Groupon and they offer first time client rates and have a wellness program.  There was no sell to get me to join (which I appreciated) just a natural friendliness and helpfulness from Sue as I was checking out.Elements is a massage experience, not a spa experience, but it's a darn good massage experience.
4	I had a great experience. Sue helped with an immediate appt, greeted me upon arrival, helped book my next appt upon checkout, etc., and Anthony provided the perfect 80 minute massage by working and releasing tense muscles in my traps, lumbar, and glutes-my problem areas, with a good balance and attention to the rest of my body.The location (strip mall at SW corner of Ft. Apache and Charleston) is convenient and the facility itself is new and clean.
5	What a great place! I found a groupon they had a few months ago and decided to try them out. It was fantastic! When I arrived I had a little paper work to fill out and then was brought to a quiet area which offer hot tea and water. I was nervous because the therapist was a male which I had never had before but Luke made the experience fantastic! I loved the little touches like essential oil on the ground under me, a warm towel on my feet, and the dark chocolate at the end. I went back for my second time today and requested Luke again and had the same fantastic experience. Sue met me out front and was wonderful. Such a sweet lady. I signed up for the wellness program and use made it easy to understand and simple to do. I think that their prices are great for what you get. All the little details make a difference and they pay attention to them which is awesome. I'm excited super excited for my next massage!
5	I was referred here by my chiropractor and have been receiving massages for a few weeks. I am very impressed- so far, all of the therapists have been pretty darn amazing. There are a few that I prefer more than others, either because of style or personality, but I've been pleased with the quality of each massage.  Sue, the owner, is very pleasant and calming, and I enjoyed the touches such as warm towels, a choice of essential oils, and of course, the chocolate and water at the end.  It is a beautiful facility, and I've never felt rushed or crowded.
5	I can totally say that I have gotten the best message here! I go once a month and I go to Sarah, and she is amazing! The first Message Therapist I have found that listens to what your problem areas are and works on it! My mom and I were originally walk ins and have now turned in to regular clients. The front desk staff is very friendly too!
5	Super experience. First let me make it really easy for you. Ask for either Dana Marie or Alyssa to be your therapist. I have no doubt that the rest of them are likely really good to but why take a chance:) We had our service on Wednesday morning and my wife and I both had 80 minute massages. (50's not enough) My wife says Alyssa was awesome and was really detailed and found every knot even in her stubborn shoulders. Dana Marie was my therapist and I have had 100's of professional massages by some really top MT's and she is a massage godess. Okay I said it!Skilled and professional with every detail from head to toe. You know how some therapists give you a pretty good massage but you wished they had done just a little better job on your feet or head or neck or lower back or hips or shoulder? She was perfect on everything. Just tell her where you need it most and it's done and then everywhere else you didn't even know needed done. I have been an MT for 13 years now and am currently an MT at a top Resort here in LV. I know great service and a this is a must for those ready for the best massage . Just go and you'll thank me later.
5	When I need to relax and getaway, Elements is my go to place! Sue, the owner is the sweetest person, and very attentive! If it's your first time she takes the time to ask your massage preferences and match you with a massage therapist specific to those needs. The attention to detail at Elements is amazing!  I personally prefer a mixture of swedish and deep tissue massage and Michelle is great! I go at least once a month and always leave feeling relaxed and renewed.
5	Love this place! Friendliest staff and great massages.  I'm a member and get massages once a month there for $69.  Always impressed with scheduling and service. Facility is very clean and cute! The owner is there frequently and is so sweet!
5	I've tried a few massages in the past, but never really got much out of the experience. Then I got in an auto accident and my chiropractor referred me to elements. That's when I learned I wasn't getting enough massages to really enjoy the benefits. The studio is affordable, clean and a joy to visit.
5	It was our first time here and it was great!!! Staff was excellent! Alyssa was my massage therapist and she did very well. Make sure you guys ask for her.
5	I purchased a Groupon for Elements, even though this location was on the opposite side of town.  Let me tell you, it was well worth the drive.  I had the best massage ever, I was almost sleeping during the massage.  Anthony was great.  I went back to him a second time, and I took my mom too.  Highly recommend going to see him.
1	I just received a phone call from this place saying that I missed my appointment which it's my fault!!! But then they went on to say that they will waive the "cancelation" this time but if it happened again then I would have to pay for a full session out of pocket and mind you I was using a GIFT CARD to pay for my massage so basically they are saying that my gift card wouldn't be valid the next time it happened and that I would have to pay out if pocket!! I am using a GIFT CARD from someone which it should be valid because the person that have it to me put MONEY on it!! I can't believe they would tell me such a thing!!
5	First of all Sue, the owner is great!  I bought my guy a gift card for him for his birthday.  We wanted to try and go together our first time.  We both wanted 80 min massages at the same time.  Sue was very accommodating in finding a time that would work for us.  In fact, because of my and his schedule we booked it a week further out than we wanted, however, someone cancelled and Sue called me back and was able to fit us both in the next day!  So that right there was already a win on the customer service front.  Sue also asked what we like in our massages so she could set us up with the right therapist.The massage was so wonderful and relaxing.  I had Antonio who was so good (I am pretty picky.)  My husband had Alyssa.  He has always compared other massages to this one massage he had a couple years ago....and today he said Alyssa was as good and maybe even better than that massage he had a couple years ago!  That made me very happy because that infamous massage he had was at a place very far from us and at a nice hotel which tend to charge quite a bit for their spa services.  The ambience at Elements is great.  Very clean, relaxing, and quiet.  They provide aromatherapy during their massages which is often an extra charge at other places.  I highly recommend this place.  Needless to say I signed up for their Massage Wellness Program and I am very excited to use it.
5	One of the best massage I've been to thanks to Simone and Sue the owner was super nice!  I will definitely come back again
5	My massage was amazing, thank you Alyssa.  Im glad to find a Legit massage in vegas at a reasonable price.
5	I was amazed, but concerned that if I tell you my masseuse you will ask for her and I will not see her again. Well I cannot hold it from you, Sarah was her name and when I proposed after there was no responce but trust me she was incredible. I had a deep tissue massage and for a big guy she realy helped me with my multiple stress knots. Thank you Sarah.
5	My wife bought me a Travel Zoo 1 hour massage deal as an anniversary gift. It was a great experience from the moment I walked in the door. Alyssa Chong did excellent work on me. I feel great and will be booking with her again soon.
5	I  bought a monthly membership, which is a great way to improve the quality of your life on a regular basis. The massage venue is a standard strip-mall location with a spa ambience, by appointment only. The first time intake forms are simple and easy, but make sure you arrive at least 20 minutes prior to give yourself time to fill them out and relax.The most important reason why you should choose Elements Therapeutic Massage Summerlin for your massage is because you depend on the highest-quality massage for a fair price. This is a very strongly managed franchise operation with a focus on the healing and rejuvenating qualities of massage.Take some time and discuss with your therapist your particular situation, and make sure to mention your preferred level of pressure. Since this is a relationship-focused experience and you will probably be returning often (as I have learned in my own experience), you'll get the most out of your massage time if you are capable of embracing the healing power of the massage between you and the therapist.I have experienced several therapists at this location, and endorse them all. Each of them have their own strengths and weaknesses. Some focuses are on Reiki, sports, Swedish, relaxation, deep-tissue, etc. Some have better knowledge of and/or concentration of muscle isolation or anatomical focus or therapeutic homeopathy (like aromatherapy) than others. All therapists I have experienced at this location are worthy of repeat appointments. This is a collection of therapists that is very strongly knowledgeable and caring. Each and every therapist I have experienced is strongly knowledgeable and caring.The #1 reason why you should choose this office for your massage is because you will become a repeat customer. The #2 reason why you should choose this office for your massage is because you will become a repeat customer. Yes, I'm a repeat customer.
5	This spa is great.  Friendly front desk and amazing therapists.  I have has 3 different ones and all are professional and skilled in their craft.  The spa looks nice and smells of fresh lemon grass.  The treatment rooms are dimly lit with soft spa music playing in the background.  They usually have monthly specials that are hard to pass up.  I should go more, but life gets in the way.
5	Because I like to go for massages regularly, I generally go to my favorite cheap foot massage place, Best Foot Spa. Unfortunately, the city has decided to crack down on places like this so they are no longer allowed to work on your neck, head, shoulders, or back. I think consumers should be allowed to make that choice for themselves, but the government can do whatever they want and I understand why licensed massage therapists would have a problem with these less expensive places. That being said, I wanted to find somewhere affordable where I could continue with my weekly massage routine. Not only did Elements have last minute availability on a Sunday, but they had a special going on for two fifty-five minute massages for $99. The woman who booked my appointment on the phone was incredibly friendly, and she turned out to be the owner. When I got there she told me about all the upcoming specials going on, including one for July where after your first massage of the month you can get however many more you want for just $39. Awesome. Plus, I responded to their follow up email with a one question survey and got a certificate for a free upgrade to an 80-minute massage. It really seems like you get rewarded for coming often here.Obviously none of this matters if the massage isn't good. Luckily it was great! Very firm pressure (they don't charge 'deep tissue' prices for this) and nice little extras like hot towel wraps and a chocolate on the pillow. I will still go to Best Foot Spa for a killer foot massage, however, because that was the only area that my massage at Elements was lacking in. Overall, I highly recommend Elements for both price, quality, and atmosphere.
2	Nice place, friendly staff, but I can honestly say I've had better. The therapist was super friendly and worked on every spot I asked, but actually created a knot that has been bugging me now that I didn't have before. The place is really nice and the front desk staff was very pleasant... but it is a little pricey and you can find the same quality massage for cheaper at other places. I was referred here and had really high hopes because the person who referred me has always been pleased. Maybe I am hard to please or expectations are too high, but I doubt I will be back. Nothing special or out of the ordinary here... And that's what I look for... Especially if I am going to spend that kind of money.
5	I found out about this place, Elements Massage Summerlin on Yelp.  Had been a few years since my last massage.  More than 5 years ago, when I lived in San Jose, CA,I found a great therapist.  Regular visits definitely had a positive impact on my overall health and injury prevention.  Elements is close to where I live in Summerlin, and easily accessible off Rampart/Ft. Apache.  I took advantage of the 1st session discount for new clients and booked a massage.  Great location with plenty of parking and calming interior.  My session started right on time and a slight young woman Joey G. was my therapist.  She was able to work the knots/tension out of my neck, shoulders, back, calves and hamstrings very well. Her demeanor was polite, attentive and pleasant.  After a 1 hr deep tissue and 20 mins reflexolgy session I felt so much better and not as wound up ball tight.  I plan on returning twice a month per my discussion with my therapist for my level of activity and body type. I'd highly recommend Joey G.Everything has been great, from the 1st contact call to my session and after with the receptionist.  Highly recommend Elements and will send my personal friends as well.I will continue to use Elements Massage Summerlin and Joey G. as my therapist for the forseeable future.   Money well spent if you believe in or have experienced the benefits of regular massage therapy in your life.
1	I purchased a groupon for two for 80 minutes for my boyfriend's 21st  birthday that was $139. When I called to make my appointment I looked at the yelp reviews prior to see if anyone recommended any therapists. I asked for the popular therapists and immediately Sue asked if I have been here before. I wasn't sure and said yes I think so because I've been to massage places before but wasn't sure if it was this particular place. She demanded I pay full price and can't use the voucher. After she tried looking for me in the system and couldn't find me I was able to use the groupon. The day of the massage came and my boyfriend woke up with a sharp painful back pain and couldn't get out of bed. I called to ask if I could reschedule and Sue angrily addressed me by my name and said that I can't because I wasted two 80 minute blocks in her schedule. She came off so rude and irritated when I was being polite the entire time even after she kept being so rude over the phone. Something came up and I asked to reschedule. Things happen. She refused to let me reschedule. Regardless of the cancellation policy there was no reason to treat a customer with such irritation and anger. I'm sorry I couldn't make it. This was such an unprofessional experience and just wasted $139. If she were to handle this situation in a polite and calm manner I would not of been upset and just accepted that I wasn't able to make it.
5	Stopped by the other day because my upper back and neck area was really tight.  I found the place on groupon and made a same day appt.  The first thing I noticed when I arrived was the very friendly receptionist.  The decor was nice and the walls were thick enough to give a very quiet feel.  I've been to some of these strip mall massage places where the walls are so thin that you can hear everything around you.Christine was my therapist and she was awesome!   She was firm but not overly painful.  I left the place wishing I had booked a full 80 minutes.   I'll be back.  This was probably the best massage I've received in Vegas.
5	I am not typically someone who writes reviews, but I have so many great things to say about Elements Massage that I think it's time to share my experience. I've been coming here every two weeks for well over a year to get a massage. Initially I bought a Groupon and figured I'd give the place a try, little did I know that one of the massage therapists, Sarah, was going to be the best therapist I've ever had. This is impressive, considering I grew up with a mother who was a massage therapist and now have a sister who practices as well. I love my mom and my sister, but this experience with Sarah has changed my life! From my perspective Sarah is so in tune with the mind and body that no matter what state I show up in, I always leave feeling like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders. She has magic hands and is so calm and connected that I leave each massage looking forward to my next appointment with her! What a life saver she has been for me! Having a really stressful job and still recovering from a car accident 3 years ago, purchasing that Groupon and finding Sarah was truly life changing...I'd like to tell you about the owner Sue as well. From the very first time I came to Elements Massage Sue has been so kind and accommodating. She cares about her customers health & wellness, as well as her staff. She takes the time to listen to your needs and wants and matches you with a therapist who fits you. If at any point you want to try another therapist, it's as simple as that, just ask. In fact Sue does a great job at finding the best therapist for you by asking the necessary questions about how the message went and if the therapist was a good fit. I can speak from experience, that the level of care and awareness is beyond what I had ever expected when I bought that Groupon. I can't say enough amazing things!
