3	I've talked to several people about Sin, and either they've never heard of it, or they've tried to find it and failed. So, if you take the 15S to Russell Rd., and take a right, Sin will be on the left hand side, just past the gas station. There's usually plenty of free parking out front but, if you choose to valet, that's free, too. Now, if checking out beautiful women while standing elbow to elbow with your buddies in from Chicago is your cup of tea, then by all means, there are plenty of establishments able to cater to that sort of need sprinkled about this city. But if you're looking for a place that you can, well, actually get in to first of all, then find enough chairs or even a table to relax with your crew, then Sin is the place.I will warn you, though -- drink prices are pretty hefty. Most mixed drinks start at $9, most beers are around $8, and even a bottle of water or a glass of club soda will cost you $7. They do have a $2 PBR, but I recommend keeping your bar tab at a minimum (they frown upon "free shows," so buy a drink if you intend on staying for a while), having a couple rounds at a less costly establishment, and then having your DD take you down.
4	After a drunken slaughterhouse of Open Bar and both my Road Dawgs falling asleep from lack of sleep due to a flooded condo. Sin was our next stop for downright drunken debauchery. Yes....Myke and his Double D's.  The triple D flaked.(If you know me - you know they're not boobs)So the plan - strip club tour....Started in the beginning....Pleasures....But it's closed. Runway opening soon.Drove over to Sin....Crowded lot...HmmmmThe place is big. Oh yea! I was pretty suprised. Walked in because Hey LOCALS are FREE! We were escorted to a table. The VIP host asked if he can bring any girls for company....WTF? I wanna hire THAT GUY! We were good, just sat ordered beers and watched the sights.Ok BTW Why do we always get these bad ass cocktail waitresses...Sigh....GIGGIDY!So the girls....a -plenty became rollin through. Sure lots of international flair...Ok wait. WHITE, BLACK, BROWN, and a few YELLOW colors of the rainbow. Not too shabby. The girls were fairly nice. Until they pulled the so you wanna dance or what. Then it's NO....Top Stripper things to say:"Hi your hair is cute!" - 7 "Hi want some company?" - 7"Hi would you like me to grind you?"  - -1"Would you like me and my tits to rock your world?" - Hmmm tough one... I would say a 2 as in NO. But if this were a bar... 10"Y'all Look bored" - What's the number after "f*ck off?"Overall we stayed there 4 hours. Till one of my D's were falling asleep and my other D was getting love from a stripper. Here I am....entertaining myself with ice. Hmmm 4 hours at a strip club didn't spend too much money. Yea I'd give it a 4
1	This place is now called the Penthouse Club..BOO BOO!! I liked it better when it was called Sin... I came here with some friends after a wild night at Prive.. Made it rain on a bunch of strippers, drank more Whiskey, made it rain some more... I was having so much fun!! But what killed it for me was the waitress that tried to steal my friend Nick's cell phone while he was getting a lap dance... He got into a little argument with the bouncers(I thought we were gonna get our asses kicked) but after they mysteriously found his phone in the garbage... They offered us 2 free bottles on our next visit..Boo for this place!
3	This place is the original Sin Club but Penthouse took over. New makeover. Nice pole. The girls are hit and miss. Sometimes it's good. Sometimes its REALLY BAD! I like the seating but if you wanna sit by the stage it's like 100 bucks for you and your buddies. For locals they have a 702 room. If you're vip you get a free drink everytime you come. My room mate used to work here but she wasn't making shit because people started to die out from coming here. I dunno why. It's a really nice place. Maybe the girls? When I first came out after the change it was really laxed and people were cool. I liked the bartenders. Except one tried to change the price of a skyy cocktail for me - charging me 11 bucks instead of 9. Stupid bitch. I read the menu. I know the price and I speak and read ENGLISH! Sigh....Whatever. I think I'm just numb from strip clubs. Someone should start like a mindf*ck club. Maybe I'll get wood?
4	This club has been recently remodeled, the interior is snazzy and modern, the bar looks like one of the small clubs at Red Rock with a couple of flat screens and lots of dark stone and wood.  The girls are Eclectic.  There's a few prize catches and quite a few throwbacks that you'll want to release.  It's only a few minutes from Mandalay and the South Strip, I'm not sure why it was empty.  Is the location really that bad?  Does no one know it exists?  Is the high price of gas wrecking the stripping business lol?  Well you can be sure of getting lots of personal attention here.  There was no attitude from the door guy or the bartender, or the girls.  No cover, $8 drinks and $20 lap dances.Basically it's the opposite experience of Pure.  You don't get to say you went to Pure, but you don't get ripped on by the bouncers and staff either, or have to stand in line for hours and drop thousands to have some jerk in a suit give you a "YOU'RE THE BEST" sticker, or deal with the drama of women who are convinced their life is an episode of the "OC" or the "Hills".  In fact you get treated real nice like at Penthouse, sort of a Ba da Bing from the Sopranos type of place.
3	We came from The Bay Area, and this place is cool and all, differrent choices of girls, its usually  hit or miss (I've got a theory about their rotation, more on that later).June 20 something 2008We came in around 1030-11ish, and they sat us right in front of the stage and brought us some bottles, (sky vodka, cheap shit over charged).  Anyways, the bitches flocked to us, making us and themselves drinks, and didn't even ask.  Every dude had a stripper in his lap for most of the night, as long as we had a bottle at our table.  But towards the end of the night, we stopped buying bottles and the girls slowly stopped coming.So back to my theory, at the beginning of the night they bring out their B strippers (ok looking inexperienced girls). Then once the crowds start coming in, they bust out with their A strippers (young fresh faced veterans).  Then once the crowd has reached max occupancy for the night, they sprinkle in their B strippers and replace a few A strippers with C strippers (cougars, and one trick ponies).  Eventually ending the night with nothing But C's.
1	Worst f")($ing strip club ever. Did I mention how bad the cocktail waitress was yet? Well hold on, because I will say it over and over again. Went in with my man, three day weekend, Sunday night, on the recommendation of the doorman at the Palms. **Who I have officially cursed because he ruined my night in Vegas by sending me to this lame as* strip club.** We were VIP, which got a seat close to the stage and a few drinks (all for $30 cover each of course), for "free." It took the cocktail waitress 20 minutes to get a us a drink. She didn't know what tequila's they had on hand, and my man ordered a long island iced tea, she came back and told us they didn't serve iced tea. I didn't know it was amateur night on the cocktail servicing end. Now onto the girlz. It was definitely a C night. The biatches didn't even use the pole. There was skinny little Asian girl that never even took her top off. What the F*(&????? Not one girl came up to us to ask us for a dance. Wait, let me get this straight, we are a couple, throwing down cash on a dead Sunday night and I can't even get a stripper to dance for me? It was like we were in some anti-service Vegas twilight zone. But alas, along came Sparkle. She saved our night. If you do go, ask for Sparkle, not only can she work a pole, but she can give a girl a righteous lap dance. In a nutshell, don't go for drinks, or dances, just go for Sparkle. Oh ya, FU doorman at the Palms.
4	Open Mic was cool! They have great lighting, a PA and a sound guy. What more can you ask for? The host Rick plays some kick ass Pink Floyd. Oh yeah there's a buncha honey's working there too. If you got some mack maybe... Drinks and food cost what they cost. It's a Vegas strip club for gods sake.
