5	The shirt I brought to wear to the clubs suddenly ended up with my girl's hairspray all over it, and with no guarantee it'd be back from the dry cleaner's in time. Anyway decided this was Vegas so I wanted to find a shirt under $200 that I could wear clubbing..and on other occasions. After hitting like 5-6 stores with no luck...finally checked out Hugo Boss. The first shirt recommended was perefect, the sales associate knew the fits well too and even recommended an extra large (although I normally wear large) and it fit my body perfectly (I usually need to get shirts modified to fit the way the Hugo Boss shirt did).   Anyway just FYI the shirt I brought did get returned on time, but I ended up sticking with the Hugo Boss shirt (I liked it 10x better). Whenever I need a shirt to go out, I think Hugo Boss is going to be one of the first places i'm going to look.~G
2	I love Hugo Boss clothing, I mean their stuff tends to just fit me right. and well they make perfect clothing for work, nice dinner occasions, and of course...hitting up the club in style without looking like every other Asian wearing Banana Republic.   Anyway after my great luck at Hugo Boss last Vegas trip, I decided to stop in again for another shirt prior to going out. So since when is a 5'9 210 lb guy size XXL?!? I mean L or XL maybe...but XXL?  Maybe the Vegas Hugo Boss only carries the European sizes or something because all the Nordstrom Hugo Boss stuff I've tried on I fit Large and on a very rare occasion XL.  What's worse is when I first walked in there were four people working all standing by the counter, they took one glance at me and continued talking...no greeting whatever. And I had full intention of picking up a $160-200 shirt in the next 5-10 minutes (quick sale right?).  After about 5 minutes of looking and talking with my girlfriend, a lady finally approached us and offered to help. Let's just say the next 10 minutes we were there she was overly aggressive with the sale as opposed to what actually fit me and would look good on me. Lady I know I'm not a male model, but clothing should still fit me right if I'm going to spend that much money on it.  Anyway my last experience at Hugo Boss in Vegas has left a sour taste in my mouth. I will now come back with extreme caution.~G
5	I had a great experience here shopping for two suits that fit me very well and were a unique style. Great service from the sales guys/gals was a shopping pleasure. It was a team effort and everyone pitched in to show me what was on sale, etc. They accommodated my crazy conference schedule and let me come back late at night to make the final purchase. I was able to get everything fitted for the tailor before coming back for the purchase. They even shipped me the items a week later so I didn't have to carry two suits on the plane. Watch out for credit card purchases in Vegas. The banks don't like to approve late night purchases over certain amounts in that town. Gee, I wonder why?
5	Every time I go to Vegas, I like to leave with a new suite. Hugo Boss is always my go to. In terms of the line itself, there really isn't anything to say but impeccable! However, the real purpose of this review is to give major kudos to their sales, and especially, their on site taylor. The last two suites I purchased, they were able to accommodate my incredibly outrageous request for alterations on the same day. Without fail, both times they did it with a smile on their face. This is exactly the sort of high end service you would expect from one of the highest end lines. Thanks to the entire Hugo Boss staff at the forum shops location! I will be back for years to come!
5	I prefer lederhosen as my daily dress but there are times when it's , sadly,  not appropriate. Saturday night, Wifee is taking me for fancy party at Wynn and I am "advised" to get a new suit.I reluctantly drag myself to the outlet mall after more "advice" from wifee. "But it's full of tourist in flip-flops in November" I protest. So 20 minutes later I am parking at the aforesaid mall after unsuccessful lobbying for a current suit.Check the directory...Hugo Boss store. Encouraged I set my GPS and navigate through the flip-flopped and pasty faced, shopping bag carrying tourists. Within .0003 of a second of entering the store I am wrangled by a salesman. helpful in the extreme. " I need black suit, skinny style and I need it now" He has exactly my size, picks out a sharp very white shirt . Looks great and there is a 30% discount from the already low outlet price. Sold.Upon checkout he gives me another 10% discount because I'm local! I like this guy.He also makes a phone call to a an alteration place just around the corner who make a couple of adjustments while I wander through more tourists. Very good experience....if they carried lederhosen I would be back on a more regular basis.
1	The sales associate (Spanish looking girl with long black hair) was really rude, very bad manner, bad customer service. I bought a shirt for my boss, I told her the size she went in the back took it out and slam it infront of me. After I pay I asked her if the price tag still there? Because this is a gift to my boss. She said no so I grab the bag and turn around then I can hear she was talking about me asking her about the price tag and continue talking about me in a bad way while I still in the store. This is very unprofessional. I could not believe that she would do this to the customer especially I am a local. I will never come back to this store ever again!!!
4	Got a new suits while I was traveling, awesome service and the girl that helping me was very professional (forgot her name) she gave me all the right recommendations when I had a different idea what I wanted in the suit and on top of that, in order to give me the "Complete look" she also got the shoes for me to put on with the suit. I was in love in every way...just kidding...:))
4	Good store with average selection. Staff was friendly and helpful. Yes, there are better stores in NY, LA, Chicago, etc, and I would have loved for this to be a huge flagship store, but it is still a solid store and managed to put a dent in my wallet
2	If you don't mind being looked at like a criminal by some stuffy suited workers, that you're not exactly sure are workers, whispering towards your direction and ignoring you..... then come here.Once you want to purchase a $150 shirt they're nice though.
5	Great clothes and customer service to match!We started at Nordstroms wanting to get one suit. Service and suits were good, but wanted a second opinion before buying. Then stopped by Hugo Boss. Night and day difference in knowledge. Ricardo was very helpful and not pushy. We walked in to browse and ended up leaving with 2 suits, a sports jacket, and a shirt.
