1	The owner of this company is a horrible man, he mistreats his employees and orders them to enter the airport without proper credentials. He fails to pay them on time. He does not care about the safety of his passengers as long as he gets paid. Never use this company unless you don't mind being ripped off.
1	Mom in town. Needed a ride. Reservation number given with printed confirmation and credit card charge made Saturday night. Monday morning, called number -  answering service" - no one heard of her reservation. No ability for "answering service" to correct this error. If a guaranteed ride is needed in this instance it was not provided.
4	There really isn't much to say here.  This is a budget SuperShuttle.  Their vans aren't as new and shiny, but the A/C works and the drivers are friendly.  And you save 10% compared to SuperShuttle.  What more could you want?I paid for a round-trip, so when we returned all I had to do was call the dispatch number and let them know we were at baggage claim.  They directed us outside, and a few minutes later a van showed up.  Easy peasy.
3	Okay, I was ready to cancel my reservation with Arizona Southwest Shuttle because the customer service over the phone is absolutely horrible!!  BUT, JJ the driver ended up being so prompt, friendly, and pleasant it made up for the unorganized customer service. He's the nicest guy! Whoever answers the phones is rude, unorganized and very unfriendly. After speaking with him, you feel very uneasy about the reliability of the company. Ended up being very reliable. Maybe they should work on customer service. They would be 5 stars
3	Not getting off to a very good start. I'm here for my first shuttle ride from Phoenix Sky Harbor to Prescott Valley. My reservation is for the shuttle that leaves at 615 am. It is now 625 am and there is no one at the desk, not is there any shuttle can in sight. There is a sign at the desk giving a phone number to call if I need assistance between the hours of operation and telling me to call "7 days a week, 24 hours a day" just rings and rings. At almost 630 a girl walks up and tells me the shuttle doesn't usually get her until "about this time." I informed her that the person who I personally spoke to the day I made my reservation might have mentioned that. The website says passengers need to check in 15 minutes prior to departure. My departure was scheduled for 615 am. The desk doesn't even open until 615 am and the shuttle doesn't "usually" arrive until 630. This means I'm sitting around for 30 minutes. Not ok. Shuttle finally departed at 633 am. The driver is super friendly and got me there in 90 minutes. So, ended up ok!
