5	Always it's the best price on town!! Butttt you need to have sams club card
5	Great prices but the Sam's Club on E. Craig Rd. @ I-15 is usually cheaper.
4	Gotta love their samples! But I noticed its around midday that they give them out. It's always clean and organized. There are every now and then marketing for different products near the door. Their photo center slacks a lot, though. Every time I need to go develop photos, someone is always on break; no one is there permanently or hourly. And when I need to pick up, it takes them 10 minutes to gather my information and photos together.I do like their self check out. It's useful when the lines are long and I only got three things in my cart.Their food is good too! Whole pizzas, hot dogs, Icee, salads (a bit over-priced for a tiny salad), and it would all be better if they had a chicken bake like Costco does. ;)
4	Great place to shop when you need something in bulk. I got my membership for free and checked the place out, now I am back every other week buying my very large naked juices. They have just about everything you'll ever need, including a 40 count box of trojans for $12. The lines are the only real killer here, they really could use a 20 and under like for people who just wanna grab a few items.Also $1.50 for a drink and hotdog is hard to beat when you are on a budget.
4	More for my buck!  $3.11 per gal today!
2	$3.47 for gas was the best price in town, but only by pennies. Was hoping for more. The lines are always long and the banker's hours are just plain stupid. The attendants don't do anything. Why can't you be open 24/7? It's not like we need babysitters to pump gas. What is this, Oregon?
5	I come here a lot. This sams club is huge. There's a sign in the front saying new look coming soon. They are going to redo the front of SAMs club and then the gas area will get another set of pumps. This SAMs really needs more gas pumps.
3	The Sam's gas station is one of the reasons I keep my membership to Sam's. I find that the prices are typically $.10 less than your normal gas stations.  There are plenty of gas pumps.  Everyone enters the pumps in the same direction. A lot more cars have their gas tank on the drivers side. If the pumps are really busy cars are able to pump gas on the opposite side because within the last year or so Sam's upgraded the hoses to reach to the other side. My cars gas tank is on the passengers side so until recently I had no idea that there was a squeegee available to clean your windshield since all the cleaning fluid is on the opposite side of the trash can. There is normally an attendant at the gas station to help you with any issues such as printing a receipt. There's not much more here outside of gas pumps. I'll definitely will be back!
