5	I think this might have been the best overall meal of my life and not the most expensive. Everything was perfect from the service to the presentation to the taste of the food. I had the coq au vin chicken which came with the most perfectly diced, seasoned, and cooked carrots. My husband had the rabbit dish. Both were pure perfection. The menu said everything was traditional French cooking. Our waiter grew up in France. He told us about the small town in Northern France where he grew up. We were in Montreal for our summer vacation and were staying at the hotel right next door. We walked by Chez La Mere Michel each day as we walked to the metro station. The menu was out in a box by the street and we perused it.  I had wanted to try and find a traditional French restaurant while we were in Montreal and it turned out we did not have to look far! We looked it up and found it had been named one of the top restaurants in Montreal by the New York Times so we figured that was a good sign and decided to try it for dinner.Before we ordered our food, we had fresh bread with butter. The waiter also informed us if we wanted to have the chocolate souffle, we would need to order it then as it would require about an hour for preparation. We decided on different desserts. I can't remember the exact names of our desserts, but my husband had the frozen chocolate mousse. I had the poached pear which sat atop sherbet which was placed in a crispy almond bowl. I believe the sherbet was raspberry. This was the best dessert I've ever eaten. If I get back to Montreal, I will go there simply for this dessert! If you want a nice dinner that makes you feel like you have been transported to France, then give Chez La Mere Michel a go. You will not regret it. I don't care for most wines, but they seemed to have many wine options and I believe have won awards for some of their wines.Since yelp is not giving me the survey questions, I wanted to include the price range here. My husband and I spent $100 exactly (including tax, but not tip) for a beer, two entrees, a side vegetable, and two desserts.
5	WOW.  I don't mean to yell, but it needs to be said.  A perfect dining experience.Chez La Mere Michel was recommended very highly by a couple from Montreal, so my girlfriend and I made the most of our short winter vacation there and made a reservation.  Simply put: from the doorway to the check, this was the best dining experience I've had.I won't repeat what Sarah L. wrote, but she hit the nail on the head with her review.  Service was impeccable, the atmosphere was upscale but comfortable and intimate, and the food was (and has been, at least in my life) unsurpassed.I'll just supplement Sarah L.'s review with my own experience here.  Outside, it was sleeting.  Inside, we were immediately greeted by Marc, who welcomed us into the warmth as if we were family.  In true French style, the staff wore tuxedoes, but made us feel right at home.  We were seated, and immediately brought fresh-baked bread and warmed butter, as well as great recommendations for wine pairings.  I ended up deliberating over all the delicious entrees, but settled on the 20th Anniversary Celebration menu (good timing for a visit!), which was a crab bisque appetizer, duck medallions a l'orange entree, and a raspberry souffle dessert.  I picked the unconventional appetizer (given the entree), so Marc recommended and brought a glass of chardonnay well-paired with the appetizer and also segue-ing nicely into the entree, which was accompanied by a wonderful bordeaux the lady and I shared.  My girlfriend had similar menu, with a strawberry pastry with cream dessert which, although I can't remember the name, was absolutely amazing.  It was expensive, but not overly so, given the world-class cuisine.If you are in Montreal, or within 100 miles of Montreal, stop by and have dinner here, you won't regret it.
5	I ate here a decade ago, and it stands out as the benchmark against which I judge all other dining experiences. There are only a handful of places in the world that can boast this combination of precision and perfection both in dining and in service. I will never forget the waiter. I consider it an honor to have dined here.
5	I have just returned from eating at Chez La Mere Michel.We walked in and were directed (very politely) to our seat. The restaurant was very quiet (only 2 other tables) at 8. The atmosphere is very cozy, and very stereotypical of a French restaurant.We were given menus, all full of things we wanted to eat. While we chose our food we were served the best bread we had eaten in a while. It vanished very quickly.We started with rabbit terrine, and foie gras. Both were excellent, but if I had to chose one it would be the foie gras. It goes amazingly with the aforementioned bread, and comes with a lovely berry jam.For main courses we chose the duck medallions, and the pheasant. Both were excellent. The pheasant came with mushrooms which were just the right texture, topped with cheese that managed to not quite overpower everything. The duck was pink in the middle but slightly crispy on the edges, and seasoned perfectly.We decided that we did not need dessert, but the adjacent table had a souffle which looked very appetising.I think I found my go-to restaurant.
