5	I'm shocked to see Drunk Drivers has no reviews yet.  I would give them more than 5-stars if I could.  If you are going for a night out, forget a taxi, this is the only way to go!  In Scottsdale, you have 4 options for getting home from the bars/clubs after you've indulged on one too many adult beverages:1) Make a friend drive you home, who is sober (or less drunk...)2) Pay a ridiculous amount for a taxi (gets expensive when you don't actually live in Old Town)...or even more expensive a towncar/limo3) Drive yourself home and get a DUI, setting you back at least $10k (not to mention all the other lifelong hassles a DUI provides)...((oh and let's not forget the chance of you actually killing someone or yourself))4) Call up Drunk Drivers and have them drive you home in your OWN carLet's see...the problem with #2 for me is cost.  Sure a $50 cab ride to North Scottsdale would be cheaper than a $10k+ DUI...but ugh, the next morning I either have to a) get another cab back down to get my car which is still sitting in an Old Town parking garage (with the possibility that it got damaged or broken into by drunk d-bags) or b) beg your hungover friends to drive you down and get your car in said garage.  Too much $$ for #2 and although free, #1 is too much of a hassle the next day.  That leaves #3 and #4....pretty sure #3 is self explanatory...I'll just say no thanks to that one.  Leaves us at #4...the AMAZING option!They have an incredible response time...you can just call them when you need them, and they will meet you at your car usually within 15-20 min (a lot of times its even shorter).  From there hand them the keys and your on your way to wherever you want to go (home), you arrive in one piece, DUI free, and without that initial hungover thought in the morning of "ugggggh...i need to go all the way back down to Old Town to get my car....who can I bug to drive my pathetic self down there?"They work off a flat rate to go anywhere within 10 miles...and let me tell you I live about 11 miles from Old Town, and its WAAYYY cheaper and way more convenient to take Drunk Drivers, than to take a gross cab.  As an added bonus, the girls that own the company are simply two of the nicest, most fun people you could ever meet...who really take great pride in making sure you and your car get home safely.
5	Drunk Drivers Rock! They are always fast and professional. No DUI and my car is in my garage the next morning!!!
5	After talking to a client about Drunk Drivers and giving her the number I thought, "hmmm I wonder if they are on yelp?"  I can't rave enough about this service!  I now know that if I go out to dinner after work near my salon and become a little drunky bear, one phone call and me and my car will be deposited safe and sound at my house.  I believe it is a flat rate of $40 for a certain number of miles, I think 10.  All I know is in my drunky bear state I always pay $60, have to give both drivers a tip!  They are so amazing that one night I was going to ride with a friend but didn't want to leave my car so I call the Drunk Drivers.  They answered my call with "Well hello D'Lisa, we haven't heard from you in a while.  How are you?"  Loved that!  I told them my issue of not wanting to leave my car and asked if they could pick it up and drop it off at my house.  Of course the answer was yes!  I payed over the phone with a credit card, left my keys with the hostess and when I arrived home 4 hours later, there was my car all safe and sound.  I told the driver to just leave my keys in the mailbox, but since he saw another car in the driveway he knocked on the door, made sure it was my house and gave them to my fiance.  Sigh........ It is such a relief to be in such good hands.  I am drinking a glass of wine right now waiting to go to a VIP party in Old Town, pretty sure I will be calling you tonight....
