1	I've had several bad experiences with UPS so it'll come as no surprise that I was at this location because of another UPS screw up.  Due to a substitute driver failing to find an address that all the other drivers easily found (all year long) I had to spend part of my Saturday at this customer center. My poor service started when I spoke to the center over the phone the day before.  Not only did they not want to speak with me, but they were unapologetic for the mistake their driver committed instead choosing to hoist all the blame on me.When I drove to this location it appeared that everyone, from the employees to the customers, did NOT want to be there.  I made it through the line expecting a brusk reception from the sole UPS employee manning the station and got exactly that.  Even though I had my ID ready and the tracking number written down she still made me feel like I was interrupting her day.When you order items online you can't always choose who delivers your packages.  While I wish I could always use FedEx or USPS I'll just have to prepare myself mentally when dealing with UPS.  I gotta say, Brown hasn't done crap for me lately other than piss me off.
1	I'll agree with Gabriel, except that I didn't manage to visit the UPS Customer Center. Yes, I did go there today, a Saturday. They're closed. Seriously, what the heck is that about? Isn't this a big city? Isn't this a major delivery center for them? I guess not.The problem started when the shipping address on my package was off my one digit, but UPS didn't call me or email me to correct it. Instead, I happened to notice on the tracking page this morning that there was a problem. So I called (the first time) and the agent said that there was nothing I could do - I would have to wait until Monday to call, fix the address then, and they would try to deliver on Tuesday. I actually believed that for about a half hour. And then I thought... doesn't UPS take pride in being a logistics company? Can't a package be rerouted in transit? So I called and this time, the agent said that she would send a message to the local warehouse and they would call me in an hour.Three hours went by. So I figured I would go to the dang warehouse and wait for the driver to return so that I could get my package. They're closed. So I called a third time, and this agent apologized for the previous agent's error that someone would call me. And no, they won't try and redeliver a package once it's been attempted that day. And no, they can't try and fix it until Monday which means that the earliest I could get my package is Tuesday.I'm very disappointed. I will be choosing FedEx or the US Postal Service next time. We (heart) Logistics. I don't think so.
1	Today is the second day that I've waited by the front window for the UPS driver todeliver a package that has to be signed for in person.  ALL DAY.  TWO DAYS. Day before yesterday he came, knocked so softly no one could hear him, even though we were in an adjoining room, stuck a notice on our door, and was gone in a few SECONDS.  We had no time to get to the door.  The notice was found in the grass in our yard.   I had to pay $6 for redelivery today.  He pulled up and stopped at the front ofour driveway, got out of his seat, looked in the back of the truck, got back into his seat and drove away.  Calling and trying to get help or to have this driver contacted has proven futile.  So, here I am once again, waiting from 10:00 a.m. until after 7:00 pm tonight for a delivery that may or may not come.  Unfortunately this happens more often than not and we are very weary of it.  The drivers need to knock loudly enough for a person to know someone is at the door, and he or she needs to give us a few SECONDS to get to the door.  There should be a way to contact the driver and havehim return to a household for a delivery that he didn't get out of his truck to make.
