5	Great service and excellent food! You have to try the Pork Tonkatsu... Masarap!!! They have a wide variety of traditional Filipino foods. We will definitely be back!
5	I just ate here today and let me tell u.. It's really good we got the sizzling sisig and it had an egg on it.. I've never had it with an egg before but I like it.. We also got Pancit Canton Bihon I loved it.. Also the Tonkankatsu out some shit was fried just right
5	The pork barbeque is delicious..the chicharon bulaklak is sooo good & crispy,,Also, great service,,it's a good place to eat with family or friends,,,,
3	I'm giving three stars for my over all experience. * FoodThe food was superb! We ordered fresh lumpia, bicol express, and crispy pata. Their bicol express and crispy pata caught our attention because of the flavor, texture, diversity of the food. * VenueThe place is "okay". Typical filipino restaurant. * AtmosphereThere's a feel of fiesta because of the band playing that night. * ServiceGood customer service. Our server was very friendly and very polite. I'm just giving three stars because I wasn't too happy with the band. It was too loud for them to have a band playing those kind of songs in a small area, so all of us need to yell just to hear out one another. For me acoustic music is more appropriate for the restaurant because of the size of the place.
4	Pros: Tasty food, friendly and receptive service, brand new place!Cons: Parking is a bit funky since they are at the end of the buildingI recommend: Pancit bihon, binagoongan (bagoong) fried rice, beef bulalo (soft beef soup), melon juiceI've just moved to Las Vegas so I'm on the hunt for Filipino food after leaving my favorite place in San Diego behind. I chose this place because they have a website with their menu online! I'm hoping that they will add pictures to every menu item on their website so that my mom and I can let our stomachs and eyes order for us :). We called in our order and drove about 20 minutes to the restaurant. We showed up the day before their Grand Opening so we missed the restaurant when we drove down the road (they have a nice bright sign now though, so you can't miss it)! We were promptly greeted and our food was brought out right away. My mom loves to talk so we enjoyed a fun conversation with everyone. They got us to try the melon juice and halo halo and I'm glad they did. The melon juice is like a shredded melon boba :). They add shaved ice to melon juice with shredded melon at the bottom. Super yummy- especially on a hot day. My mom and I couldn't agree on the halo halo though. I like simple halo halo while my mom loves "loaded" halo halo with tons of stuff (like the cup is full of beans and jellies and fruit) and D'Pinoy's halo halo is definitely more simple (maybe about a quarter full). I loved it but I'm sure my mom will ask for more fixings in hers next time. The Philippines might seem like a small country but there are many regional differences. Some people just prefer things a certain way because of the region they grew up in. We ordered several things including lumpiang shanghai, fried bangus (milkfish), beef kaldereta, chicken curry, pancit bihon, binagoongan fried rice, and beef bulalo. I loved their pancit but my mom didn't care for the tofu in it so I took it all :). The chicken curry has bones but the chicken is very soft and will fall right off it. The beef in the beef bulalo is super soft and absolutely delicious. The binagoongan rice wasn't what I was expecting (it has mangoes and tomatoes on the side- never seen that before) but it was absolutely delicious. Very unique and very tasty! Everything was very good, very soft, and cooked very well. Unfortunately, we were missing one thing in our order and didn't notice until we got home (oops)! The place isn't that close to us so my mom called back and told them what happened. They were very apologetic and promised to make it right when we return. And we WILL return! I want to try the pork tonkatsu, dinuguan, sinigaang, and the sizzling bistek! This might be my new go-to place in Las Vegas for the food of my people!
4	When we came back everything's perfect except for the server. But the server doesn't stop me for coming back. More "D Pinoy Joint" for me!
2	Ok, so I'm hoping to come back and hopefully food will be better. I know they just opened but it seems unorganized and unprepared.When you first walk in, the joint really makes you feel like you're in a restaurant in the Philippines. We waited a little bit but then the waitress came over and seated us. They quickly took our drink order and said she would be back to take our order.The wait time from when you place your order to when you actually receive your food is about 45min or so. Not that this is the waitress' fault or anything. They just opened and are severely understaffed. These girls were trying as hard as possible but with only 2 of them running EVERYTHING, they could only do so much. We were not the only ones who had this issue as some people appeared irritated and were complaining to each other. When the food finally did come out, this is what we thought:Lumpiang Shanghai: They were over fried and lacked filling. I think we would prefer to have less of them for more filling and flavor.  Seasoning was a little bit low as well.Crispy Chicken Skins: These weren't all too bad. A good unhealthy treat that came out after our entres did. Same with the lumpiang(we ordered them as appetizers).Pancit Bihon: They messed up this order for me and gave me a combination of noodles instead. No big deal but it wouldn't have made a difference. I know pancit is supposed to be oily but no flavor on meat or noodles. I had to add salt and siracha in order to taste something,Combination Plate: This wasn't horrible actually. We got the chicken adobo lechon kawali served with rice. Tasty but the lechon was kinda tough to eat. Too hard actually.I wanna say that this bad service was only due to the staff being overwhelmed and that if I come back in a couple months or so, they will have figured things out and gotten their flavors in order. Here's to crossing my fingers!!!
4	Get the pork belly!
5	Best filipino restaurant in town! Staff was sooo nice and food was sooo yummy! Im def going back!
5	Just had Sunday dinner here with family.  The portions were huge and we shared family style.  Waitress greeted and seated us promptly.  This was our first visit and waitress was polite and gave us their specials.  We placed order.  For entrees we ordered house special rice, crispy pata, canton bihon pancit, pinakbet, and for desserts halo halo & buko pandan.  Order seemed to arrive in 10-15 minutes but backwards because we were served desserts first, then all entrees second.  We didn't mind it though.  Also, had to ask for water halfway through service.  Maybe it was because they were very busy and/or prepping food while we savored dessert.  Anyways, everything we sampled tasted delicious!  There was a lot leftover to bring home. We'd love to come back to try other dishes, but hopefully we can get water first, then entrees, and dessert after, that's just my preference!
4	Was looking for good filipino sit-down style food that was open at 9:30am and saw this new place which wasn't too far. We had a good experience. Pancit Canton was really tasty, sisig was great, lumpiang shanghai was very well done too. Bicol express was pretty good as well. Service was good. Our food arrived after about 10-15 minutes and it was hot and freshly done.
4	My wife has been wanting to go since she heard this joint from a friend. So we went last night with our two hungry kids. They make the best CHICKEN ADOBO and SISIG in town. We ordered the pancit canton and it's just like how my mom use to make it. Didn't fully enjoy the pork tonkatsu because I was stuffed, but I'll have it for breakfast. You have to be patient because I give the service a 2 star due to understaffing as usual to Filipino restaurants that are not buffet style. They're going to have to hire more waiting staff because the crowd will be coming. Coming back today!
4	If you are considering to try their: chicken skin, lechong kawali, tosilog, bbq pork, bangusilog and bicol express, yes try them -- they're all *good.The bangus was a bit smaller than i expected, the lechong kawali and chicken skin could be a little crispier.If you like bicol express i think you're gonna love their bicol express! Out of all that i have tried their bicol express was impressive!Almost all of the groups who were there at the same time we were there ordered bulalo so i'm assuming their bulalo is good. We're gonna try that next time we crave for Filipino food.Having said all these if their prices were a little higher and their servings a little smaller i probably would think twice about giving them 4 stars.
5	Came back to visit Vegas after moving out of Nevada. Getting Filipino food by my neck of the woods is tough. This was a great place. Food was on point and service was fast and friendly. Wish this place was around when I was a local.
4	Visiting from Chicago, I'm always so excited to have filipino food in the west coast, since Chicago lacks that. Don't get me wrong we have great places here but just not enough. Came across this place one night, my dad lives in Vegas so he says "this is new, lets give it a try!" So why not? Lets just say this place was great! Food was authentic and delicious! And the prices weren't that bad at all! I think though that they could possibly add a little more to the design of their menu but hey the food and price are what matters most! We ordered kare-kare, lechon kawali, miki-bihon pancit, tortang talong, binagoongan, and crispy pata...they were soooo good! And the melon drink was on point! Loved it and looking forward to coming back here on my next visit...already drooling thinking about it =P
2	I am rating this place based on their food because the place was decent and the staff was super nice. We had the pancit palabok which was disappointing because it was sooo bland, we ordered it to go so i didnt have any fish sauce to sprinkle  to add saltiness to it, i was so bummed! The pork sinigang was good there was a lot of meat and the sourness was just right.  The shanghai was just okay nothing that I would rave about. The biggest offense was the cassava cake it was hard as a rock, and nothing like the cassava cake taste that i am familiar with, i felt i was ripped off buying that, the whole thing went straight to trash. Buy at your own risk with their rice cakes.
4	I've been looking for a place to fill the void that Salo Salo Grill left since their horrible health inspections. I was going to actually keep on eating there, until my family went to eat dinner there before my wedding day and my mom's boyfriend got a bad case of diarrhea that night.  (Hopefully D' Pinoy Joint stays out of the SNHD's radar).This place is up the street from Cafe de Cebu. I've had trouble with the wait time for food at Cafe de Cebu, especially when they're waiting on the lechon to be cooked/delivered, but I haven't had that issue here. Some of my favorite dishes here were the chicken skin and lechon. The tonkatsu lunch plate is also just another way of referring to lechon as well. I thought the crispy pata was a bit dry here, so I'll always get the lechon if I want to pig out. I like their Mang Tomas sauce, but I usually make my own sauce of 1 part soy sauce and 1 part lemon or lime. The servers here have always been polite and efficient with us, and we visited soon after their grand opening. I'm just glad to have another Filipino option here on the Westside and hope the rest of the dishes I have yet to try do not disappoint. I have yet to save room for my favorite dessert, halo halo.
4	Always tried the lunch special for $6.99.Never been disappointed although it's no longer available on the weekends.
5	One of the best filipino restaurants hands down!
5	If you like a good filipino breakfast served in the evening, a friend and I found this at D Pinoys.  We arrived for dinner/breakfast on weekday night, service was fast, and the food just hit the spot!
5	We were crazy to have come to this place to cater my daughter's 1st Birthday and Baptism when they just opened.  Nobody to tell us how their food was and their yelp back then was pretty much down to their first review.  Kathy helped us when we arrived.  She answered all of our questions the best she could.  Even speaking to her on the phone to add more food later on, she was very helpful and efficient.  We ordered 3 trays of everything.Tonkatsu: their special version of Lechon Kawali.  Probably the best lechon Kawali-ish that we've ever had.  It stays crunchy even hours later.  It was a hit.Chicken curry: flavorful and popular at our party.  People kept asking who cooked it.Inihaw pork: I'm guessing they're ilocano, because this reminded me of how my ilocano family would serve Inihaw pork.  Cut in chunks and mixed with tomatoes and onions.  Pretty good but wished they cut the meat smaller.Pork Menudo: really good.  Everyone liked it.Lechon: yes, a whole roasted pig.  We were apprehensive about ordering a lechon during this party because all the other lechons  we've ordered in town have been nasty.  Since it was a special occasion, we pretty much bought it to make our food presentation better lol.  Luckily, it tasted really good.  Didn't have that nasty, pig smell.  Skin  was super crunchy and the meat was tender and flavorful.  Overall, I'd have to say they earned their 5 stars from me.  I hope to have the same great experience next time.  Wish they were closer to southern highlands.
1	Not worth it!
5	Yes!, we found an awesome place to eat Filipino food! My wife and I are both Latinos and we get in the mood.. -like Taco Bell slogan- to think outside the bun, but also think outside the tacos and get the cravings for Filipino food:lumpia, pancet (with extra lemon of course) , chicken adobo, etc.This place was super clean, great atmosphere, phenomenal service and the best....amazing foodwe are so glad we found this place because you never know what you're gonna get and this place has that wow factor all the way around. Thank you...we'll be back!
1	My relatives wanted filipino food so here we were. The dining area is alright but the food and service wasn't really good. Our dishes came out at all different times and the portions were kinda small for the price, especially the appetizers. I've had way tastier, I don't know what the options are around here but I'm sure there are better. Some things we got:Lumpia shanghai - small portion and they looked like the frozen kind.Crispy chicken skin - no flavor and just tasted like fat. Also other pictures had double the portion size than what we got.Adobo fried rice - I love adobo fried rice and was so disappointed, there was so much oil left on the plate and it didn't really have flavor!Lechon kawali - not that crispy and again didn't have flavor, just tasted oily and fatty.Sinigang - the best thing we ordered, it was really good but everything else was such a let down! Meh.
5	I love love love this place. I am a lot closer to DT's and I drive my whole family's butts all the way to flamingo to eat here. The service is quick and the food is just simply delicious. Tinolang manok is my daughters fav... Btw she is only 18 months old.. She's a picky eater but when she smells this soup... She goes crazy.. Lol beef pinakbet-inihaw na baboy- pork skewers- chicken adobo- fresh lumpia- halo halo- super super super yummy. The service is fast... Compared to the one closer to me... I'm glad this place opened up.
4	Delicious dinuguan, crispy pata, and chicken adobo is yummy!
3	Service and food are satisfactory but what I noticed is that they need to scrub their plates and silverware better.
5	I'm happy I found this place because just a couple of weeks ago I was traveling all the way to Henderson for Filipino food! I've been hesitant about eating Filipino food at restaurants due to an awful experience I had at Goldilocks years ago. Im so glad I gave it another try! I was with my husband and his friend ( who I thought was Filipino ) . Since they both were not familiar with the cuisine I had to guide them through the menu. I chose the Pork Tonkatsu,  pork adobo, lumpia and pancit to share around the table. I also ordered a coke which came out first. I was sorry I ordered it when I took a sip of my husband's house iced tea. It tasted kind of like coconut and a bit of a citrus flavoring.  I ended up stealing his drink! If you order the Pork Tonkatsu make sure someone will share with you because it is a big serving. It also came with a banana ketchup dipping sauce that was tasty.  I couldn't finish it all so I ended up sending my left overs to a friend. The pork adobo, and  pancit were also very satisfying!  Those were the favorites at the table. The lumpia (egg roll) was good but I wish they made thicker ones like how my mom used to make.Whenever I get homesick and want a little taste of home this is where I'll be going!
4	Just finished eating here for the first time and I'm impressed, I will be coming back to try the menu!  I ordered the lechon kawali, and it was good, it was prepared to what I was used to eating growing up, the Turon was also good.  The restaurant is setup very well and service is great.  I can't wait to try other things on the menu, I really want to give them 5 stars but I have to try the menu first.
2	The food needs improvement ! its not really good and I'd rather eat at DT's
3	This is a hard one but here it goes... The food was good but I've had better. Since my mom is Filipino I knew what I was getting on my plate or at least had a lot of the dishes growing up, but what kinda sucked was a friend was with us and was somewhat a picky eater and told me "if I could see a pic of what this stuff is I would love to try" but just reading and never trying it before was to much of a risky move for her. So she didn't eat with us. So some pics on the menu would be nice for the people wanting to see what lechon is. Bc I ordered the wrong one, (thanks to my mom and waiter) i wanted the crispy one but got the one that was in the brown sauce and  the meat was super dry! Esp being in a sauce which reminded me of 3 day old leftovers or something?! Not trying to be rude but those lumpias (egg rolls) was a joke. I never seen an egg roll smaller then my pinky!  So being 7$ for 12 smaller then a 3 year olds index finger is just not worth it sorry. It's nothing to go outta your way for but it's there if you want different foods. Keep in mind there are a lot of Filipino restaurants in Vegas.
5	This place is off the HOOK! It was recommended to us at the Airport when we got our car. The food is so fresh and made great'! You must try this place.
3	My bro and I went here last week during our annual Vegas Thanksgiving trip. It was a little bit of a drive from the strip, and as a visitor not to easy to find. We were greeted warmly as we sat to eat. We ordered the breakfast at any time specials and an order of lechon kawali (deep fried pork belly with liver sauce) for $8.99. This last dish was on the high side, and had lots of pure fat as opposed to meat and fat chunks, so, we deemed it as not a great value. The breakfast fare, tocino and longanisa (Filipino-style cured meat and sausage) were good and is par for the course. They did not have the Mafran banana red sauce on the table so you have to ask for it, first came a small portion, when we asked again, a more reasonable sized portion came. These are standard accompaniments for Filipino food, especially breakfast meats. Everyone was polite, so it gets a solid 3 stars...until we try it again next year, God-willing.
3	Came here a few weeks ago and was quite satisfied with the food. Came in today ordered togo and food was not as good compared from my last visit. There's a lack of consistency on how food was prepared. The fresh lumpia that I ordered was mostly carrots and the pork tonkatsu was very chewy compared to how nicely cooked it was previously. I would not be coming back anytime soon, i may need to try out other spots. 3 stars because the service is good and place is very clean.
4	The D'Pinoy serving crew & staff were hospitably friendly in welcoming me to their dining establishment. After truckin' all those longhaul miles,it's nice to see friendly people....The restaurant had some sort of cultural #get2gether with some cool,easy listening live music!! This was a relaxing atmosphere to enjoy eating my #karekare OxTail stew n rice selection!Now...back to the regularly scheduled sunday agenda!
1	This joint has replaced the Thai BBQ restaurant that I used to visit which was really good. I decided to stop by one day and check it out with a take out order on the way to work. I waited what seemed like an eternity for my appetizer to be prepared.While I sat waiting for my take out order, I began to sweat my tits off! No air circulation, just a fan blowing hot musty air around. That was a turn off and I will never expose myself to that again. Thank the devil I was just in for a to go order, I would have to of left early during a dining session. My lumpia left a lot to be desired, very disappointing to say the least. There were 10 bite sized pieces that set me back $8. I was already frustrated at the long wait, the sitting in a sauna experience and now my appetizer let me down! I ordered the shanghai lumpia which was all wrapper no filling except a couple of peas in it? I may be a German girl but I make Lumpia at home and it is the bomb bud!I got bent over in this visit, but never again!
5	It feels home to be here!  Good Filipino food...sinigang..dinuguan ..sisig.. pancit..eggroll... and a lot more. The server/staff/owner are friendly.
5	The best homemade Filipino food  since grandmas. The staff was so friendly it's been years since I've had that kind of food so they helped me order which was so helpful .
4	The restaurant is in a older building but it's definitely CLEAN! The tables are not sticky or have a residue from any towels. Food presentation was very nice and the size of the portions I would say is good enough for 2 people. The Kara Kara was on point, the Kaldereta I prefer a lot of sauce but it was still good and the beef was really tender and the BBQ stick was a little hard for my taste but still good. Not really sure if the food was made fresh because it did come out fast as soon as we ordered but still in the end I enjoyed the food and wanted more.
5	My new favorite filipino restaurant. Love the sago gulaman and the sizzling bistek. Very friendly people too!!
