3	I generally don't come in here to browse, I buy most of my electronics, games and DVDs online. The reason I come here is to pricematch other offline retailers.My specific reason for coming here while I was visiting my parents was to pricematch a Family Guy set and a Wii game against Circuit City, as well as picking up a GPS unit for my father that had been ordered online.Online pickup went smoothly - the item was ready to go and promptly served up and the desk was adequately staffed so there was no line.The store was laid out like any other Best Buy, but I actually couldn't find the Family Guy after checking the normal section and realizing there was a specific Fox section. (is this general knowledge? I'm guessing this isn't Best Buy's vengeance against Fox since I've seen it at Circuit City as well, but why would you make your box sets harder to find - do people really have such strong brand identification?) I still had no luck in the Fox section, although I found where it should have been.Going against my instincts of avoiding contact with staff in big-box retailers, I asked an associate who was helpful and checked the promo areas at the head of the appropriate aisles and found one for me, which was appreciated.When I went to pay, lines were minimal (again, adequate staffing) and the cashier needed manager approval for the pricematch. The manager was in disbelief at the Family Guy price, but approved it anyway without any actual difficulty. Distrust by managers doing a price match tends to annoy me when I'm doing something legitimate that is within their stated policy, but to her credit, the way she stated it was careful to at least appear to state that I'd casually made an error in interpretation of the ad, not that I was intentionally trying to mislead them. Never attribute to malice what can adequately be explained by stupidity, as they say.This was one of my better Best Buy experiences, but I'm still not compelled to start shopping there more frequently for anything not on sale unless it's an emergency as one can get cheaper prices online.
3	I , like others,  will eventually have to buy a TV converter box or purchase a new digital TV next year.  In anticipation of my big fat government stimulus check I thought I would check out the latest at Best Buy.  I actually found a knowledgeable person of interest who explained the differences among 720P, 1080i and 1080P plus whether to get a built-in DVD or go big time with an external "blue ray".  At this point in time I think I know what I want but need the gov't to up the ante.  If we are lucky we might be able to afford the converter box with the stimulus check or hold out for the huge price reductions as the year progresses.  No new TV for the Super Bowl but I prefer New England Clam Chowder over Manhattan Clam Chowder today.
3	I have decided that my experiences in these type of hyper-large warehouse stores has a lot more to do with the staffer than the company. Its about a 50/50 shot that I will encounter a helpful, intelligent human while searching for my newest shiny electronic gadget.Last week I managed to encounter a friendly, passionate, thoughtful employee at this Best Buy that actually exceeded my dimmed expectations. He helped me pick out a Samsung P2 MP3 Player (that I absolutely love) and a bluetooth speaker that it plays through sans cords...We even debated the benefits of subscription music vs. buy-each-song style services. *We both agreed that subscription services make much more sense than trying to collect every song $1 at a time... (checkout rhapsody and napster which let you download unlimited songs to your MP3 player for $15mo.)Anyway, I have a little more respect for Best Buy after this experience (they manage to accidentally hire a few good ones).
3	In a pinch Ill go here as I generally buy ALL of my electronics and such online.. the staff is friendly (couple of hotties don't hurt either) and seemingly eager to help. As far as brick and mortar retailers go, I think their pricing is pretty good. It seems like just yesterday I was in front of this store at 4am in line to get a Wii.. fond memories indeed.
