5	I can't believe there's only 2 reviews for Fit Health!!!Don't know why the one was filtered either.I have been going to Dr.Patric for going on 3 years now.This is a family practice that handles a bit of ,well,everything,and handles everything well.You won't be left waiting ad infinitum before seeing a medical professional here.You won't be treated like a co-pay....The practice focuses on treating people like....wait for it....HUMAN BEINGS.What a concept,huh?You'll never be rushed out(unless it's discovered you're having a true medical emergency and need the benefit of an ambulance).The office is spotless clean,welcoming and private.It's obvious they care about the patients.I have sent several people to this facility,among them a few who were incredibly physician phobic.All have had positive experiences and some have even made Fit Health their go to,like I have.Oh,and no appointment????Just walk in....Yes,I said it...they take walk ins.I have done just that on several occasions and still have never had any kind of medical office waiting game.Go see Dr.Patric and see what medical care should be.
4	Very friendly staff and I get in and out very quickly.  Wish they had weekend hours for those that  work until 5 p.m. Sad to see Dr. Hernandez-Kline go (I wish him luck on his next endeavor...)  Candy and the new staff are very friendly and don't sugar coat it for you.  They are very knowledgeable and to the point and they listen.
5	Dr.Patric Hernandez-Kline,'m glad I found out about you from one of your colleagues Dr.Alvarez who moved out of the area. I'm amazed in how much care & time you put into every patient of yours. I feel my health concern at every level have been met! Maria
5	I've been going to Fit Healthcare for any medical related issues I've had for a couple of years now. I can't say enough good things about Candy and her staff. They're always friendly and courteous. They always have time for you whenever you call and are willing to listen to you whenever you have an issue. They may not have quite as wide an array of tools like on sight X-ray capability that a large practice/medical group composed of multiple doctors in one large building might, but all of the large practices I've been to before always seem so impersonal. However they will always make sure you are taken care of and get the attention, care, and tests that you need. Contrasting the impersonal feel of other offices with Fit Healthcare, I've never been happier and more comfortable with a Dr.'s office and will continue to be a patient there for the foreseeable future. I highly recommend them if you're in the area.
5	This place is sooo friendly and quick! Very wonderful people, I would HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone! Prices are great! Staff is amazing, I was actually really surprised at how fast I was in and out!
