4	i just had to take my 2 year old tsx in because it didn't want to start. i called up, made an appointment, and asked if they had wi fi. they sure did.i showed up for my appointment, someone met me at my car in the service car port. he walked me inside and confirmed what i was there for. someone had noted that i asked about wi fi, and after we talked about hwo they were going to inspect the car, he walked me over to where they had cubbies with power outlets and asked if i would like to use their free wi fi there, so i could work in private. he also said they had a lounge with free food and drinks, if i'd rather go that route. i took the cubby because i needed the power outlet.it took an hour and a half total. he came back to find me once, to let me know the battery was done and they were going to replace it. he also showed me the results of my inspection, and asked if i had time to wait while the washed it. sure i did. i was basically at work.anyway, the whole experience was great: i didn't waste any time there, and i got an incredible car wash- inside and out. easiest trip for getting a car worked on i've ever had.
5	I bought my car at Acura Scottsdale and have always gotten it serviced there. However, after they wouldn't return my second call about setting up an appointment for my 3rd battery in 2 1/2 years, I decided to call Tempe. They got me in with no problem. Since I had been at Scottsdale for the last 2 1/2 years, I was so pleasantly surprised when someone greeted me when I got out of the car, showed me to the area for free coffee, drinks and snacks. This is the COMPLETE opposite of Acura of Scottsdale. I will now be making the 20 mile drive to go to Acura Tempe. They were so friendly, helpful and accommodating!
5	Professional, courteous service, awesome sales staff, great waiting area with snacks, coffee and beverages, convenient location and of course a great selection of new and used Acuras on site.
5	I am really impressed with the professionalism of the staff.  I worked with Debbie for a number of years until she moved away.  I now work with Todd who I have to say is a very thorough, professional, and classy representative of the Tempe Acura staff.  They are excellent about fixing warranty related issues with no complication.  If during the course of routine maintenance they discover something covered under warranty they will fix it on the spot with no hassle.  Even since my vehicle has been in the extended warranty stage they honor all issues covered by it without fuss.  The waiting area is another plus.  It is filled with comfy chairs, a large TV, magazines, fresh on the spot brew coffee, all sorts of sodas, cookies, and chips.  I know that a dealership service department is typically more expensive than a non-dealership mechanic but at Tempe Acura you get what you pay for: professional staff, ethical behavior, prompt service, and a classy atmosphere.
5	I purchased my 09 MDX at another valley Acura dealer but I like taking it here for service.  It's closer to home and I get in and out quickly.  I appreciate that they stick with Acura recommended service items, no additional "locally recommended" jobs that add into my bill.  The waiting area couldn't be much nicer; free food, coffee, pop, juice and bottled water.  So far all my service bills have been reasonable and my car is sparkling clean when they are done with it.
4	I really liked the salesman at Acura of Tempe. He was wonderful. He walked me through everything. They only had a few colors of MDX so I also looked at Acura of Peoria and Scottsdale. The quote they gave me was about 2,500 less and they added in all terrain floor mats. I asked the salesman and he said his boss would not allow him to price match and he said it was a better deal to go with Acura of Peoria. So sad because I really liked how meticulous and honest this salesman was. The Scottsdale dealership was ridiculous and wanted to overcharge me over value because I was a woman and alone.  i was not impressed.
5	Recently moved to the area and needed an oil change. I'm pretty anal about my car especially since I'm paying a pretty penny for it. Figured the Acura dealer service would be the safest decision.Immediately called the service desk and Dave picked up the phone. Got an appointment the next day and was treated very well.The service center has TV and free WIFI not to mention a BEVY of yummy snacks (fruits, soda pop, coffee, cookies, chips)I bought my computer and 1.5 hour flew by. My car was washed and vacuumed too!I love my RDX and am glad my car will be in good hands here.
5	I have only good things to say about the service dept. at Acura of Tempe. First of all, you can schedule your appointment online through their website. (They even email you back to confirm/remind you.) When you arrive for your appointment they greet you at your car, go over everything with you, then direct you to the comfortable waiting room which has coffee, snacks, a TV and ample seating. I especially love that they wash & vacuum your car when they're done.Their staff is both friendly & professional. I have gone there with my Integra a few times for repairs and oil changes and am always impressed! I like being able to trust that the work is going to get done right the first time.
5	No pressure, honest, laid back, personable salespeople!  I drove in from CA to buy a used TSX and they did as much as possible beforehand to make the transaction smooth and quick.  They also let me privately sell my old car on their premises (and even encouraged doing so) because they couldn't give me much on the trade.
2	Slow service, did not keep me in the loop.  I showed up for my 1030 apt time on Saturday for oil change, filter, inspection and tire balance and rotation.  It took 3 hours and then I had to confront the service advisor regarding the terribly slow service.  He apologized twice but did nothing else.  I then showed up home to find out they didn't rotate the tires.  Worst of all they didn't bother to explain why.  Tempe Acura, I won't be back, I knew there was a reason I didn't buy my Acura from there either.
5	This is the second car I've purchased from Acura of Tempe - the first being back in 2004.  In the interim, I've purchased two Lexus vehicles.   When I decided I wanted an Acura again, I had no hesitation in knowing which dealer to go to.   Even though I attempted to get price quotes from another local Acura dealer, instead of giving me the quotes, I received a constant barrage of e-mails and phone calls asking me to come in and they'd provide me with the lowest out-the-door-costs.   I didn't trust dealing with a company who would refuse to discuss price at all until you physically came into the dealership, at which time they can easily take advantage of the confusion of the moment and the excitement of buying a new car.   I prefer to be more analytical when buying my cars, and take the time to research and ferret out the various costs involved when I have the time to do so.Patrick was a terrific sales person to work with.  He's had 10 years of experiencing with Acura sales, having worked at a previous Acura dealership in Hawaii.  He was very knowledgeable and was able to answer almost every question I had, and easily found the answers to those he didn't know.   There were no problems or "bait and switch" tactics when I went in to pick up my car and sign the papers.   I also prefer working with a company that is a local independent, rather than a large corporate structure that doesn't have a "face" with it, and whose employees have no decision-making capabilities on their own.I was able to walk out the door with the first 2014 RDX that they sold, and at a good price.  I have purchased my past two vehicles (Lexus) from California because of the tremendous price difference.  In this case, I obtained quotes from California dealers and Acura of Tempe was willing to work with me and although they didn't totally meet the price difference, they came very close after taking into consideration the costs involved in going to California and picking up the vehicle, as well as putting the additional mileage on a new car.I would highly recommend the Acura of Tempe dealership for purchasing a vehicle, and from past experience, I would highly recommend their service department as well.  I was pleased to see that the previous service advisor that I worked with, Todd Goldhammer, is still there, so will definitely return and work with him.
4	Car need service - UGH! - already knew I will spend almost $300 at least when I bring it here. Despite the expensive charges, I actually like my service manager Dana. She always assist me and help me with anything that I need. And the shuttle service is excellent. And the all you can take snack (cookies and chips), and beverages (coffee, juices, waters, sodas) are definitely a privilege. Car service is definitely costly.
5	Recently purchased a new Acura from Acura of Tempe. From the minute I spoke with the salesman, to signing my paperwork and driving the car home, the experience was extraordinary. Never felt pressured by the sales staff or manager. The manager Joel is absolutely fantastic and will work with you 100%. Was never pressured for a credit app immediately and was given real numbers on what I can expect to actually pay. Dealership is also very clean and they have quite a selection of snacks and beverages. Grew up with family in car business and have purchased a few myself and without a doubt this was the most pleasant experience I've had.
5	So where do I start with the best car shopping experience ever? I started yesterday at Audi Chandler with Jim S., who provided the worst customer service I'd ever experienced from a luxury car dealership. Then, after visiting several dealerships (most were very courteous and friendly), I stumbled into Acura Tempe and boy, was I impressed! Charles greeted us with an easygoing and hands-off demeanor (loved it!) n we went for a test drive and I loved the SUV! I decided that this was it -- my new car! So we sat down with Virginia, who was bubbly and fun, to crunch numbers and discuss with John, who is just awesome as heck. I love great customer service but I also love a great deal! Did I get both at Acura Tempe? YEP!!! Will I buy again from them? YEP! :) Am I happy with my new SUV??? Abso-fricken-lutely. :)
5	Nothing but good things to say! My car was towed here at 1 today and they fixed it within 3 hours! Tod was extremely helpful, and we did everything over the phone. I'm sure he could tell that I had a lack of car knowledge and didn't try to up sell me on things I don't need.
5	I brought my RDX in for a routine oil change and Dana was really great to explain the process, the timeline, and services.  Dana and the rest of the service department exceeded all of my expectations by turning around my car in less than an hour.  Taking your car in for routine service is not the highlight of my week, but Dana and the team at Acura of Tempe really made it an easy and painless process!
3	So i took it in for an oil change and mentioned that jiffy lube said that screws holding up the skid plate were damaged. After finding out that is not the case the oil change was fine and the process took an hour. When explaining the situation Todd in the beginning - he offered 0 options but to do the oil change and no accommodating for work or inconveniences. This is why this was an average experience. I will be going to scottsdale Acura location next time.
5	I had a recall notice for my '05 TSX and even though it's of nothing major I decided to bring it in anyway for the experience. They did a basic service check as well and printed out an estimate with all the problems my car has. I didn't feel pressured into bringing it back specifically to them and ASAP . Abel was of great, kind and courteous help considering everything I brought it in for was free. The waiting area was comfortable and I enjoyed the complementary snacks, drinks and coffee!
4	Overall a pleasant experience. Buying a new car has never been pleasant unitl I purchased my 2014 RDX recently. Dealt with Keith in Sales and Dana in Service (for accessories installed). Talked to people in both the Parts department and Cashier and they too were very helpful and friendly. The only downside is Bob in finance was a bit pushy with the warranties and other products.  Nice floor layout keeps you comfortable while in the dealership, and free snacks to boot. I had a loaner car for the time that I had accessories installed. Only reason I couldn't give a 5 star rating, was due to only having one finance manager on a busy Saturday which led to a long wait (plus the big push on warranties) and an error in one accessory installed. Had to go back a second time to have the right accessory installed. The next time I'm in the market for a new or used car, Acura of Tempe will definitely be on my list.
5	Experiences for service repairs at dealerships are usually tedious and slow.  This place changed my mind.  My car was quickly evaluated and the service people are extremely empathetic and helpful, Dana was quick and accommodating. Great experience.
5	After owning 3 Infinitis and 2 Nissans (all purchased new from Scottsdale Infiniti), and struggling to get a deal for my 4th infiniti (the other 5 cars were easy to deal with), and my 2nd infiniti dealer was as bad as the first, I decided to hell with the "brand name"...and changed to Acura.  Easy experience.  Price before I walked in.  Easy test ride.  Vehicle in stock.  I really wanted an Infiniti--but after getting MORE for my trade in, a lower interest rate, the color scheme I wanted, no pressure sales, and $10K less for an Acura with similar features as the Infiniti...well, it was a no brainer.  5 Star experience.
1	Please save yourself the hassle and go somewhere else.  This is by far the WORST Acura dealership I've ever dealt with and they obviously don't care about their customers or getting their customers business. I walked into the dealership and asked an employee (who it turned out worked in the service department) to direct me to the service department.  I waited at the front desk where he sent me for someone to help me, while I did no less than 5 service department employees (including the one who directed me) stood around in a gaggle even occasionally making direct eye contact with me.  None of them bothered to give me the time of day so I took the initiative and went to the cashier's desk to seek assistance from the women sitting there.  I followed this women outside where she went to seek answers from the other employees.  Afterwards she came back to me and proceeded to chastise and blame me for not being helped.  Her logic was that I didn't receive service because I parked my car in the service department's parking lot and walked inside to get help instead of driving it into the entrance of the service garage.  Seriously?!?!?  There is NO sign that says "If you need an oil change drive your car into unintuitive location and if you don't we won't bother to help you instead we'll stand around with our hands in our pockets".  If that sign existed I would partial agree with her rebuke.So let me sum this up:  I parked in the most intuitive place I could find, received instructions from an employee who then systematically ignored me, then when I sought help from a different employee I was ridiculed in front of the rest of the employees who failed to help me in the first place.
5	This review is long overdue. We purchased a used Nissan for my wife here two years ago. Since then we purchased another car at a different dealership. That purchase truly put this dealership in perspective. These guys were awesome. I honestly think we were in and out within two hours with a new car. Our sales guy was really nice and the least bit pushy. Our finance guy was hysterical. He gave us an incredible deal, the best I could get on the first shot. There was never any back and forth.  And he cracked us up the whole time. I wish they had the car I wanted when we purchased last time. Who knows if they still work there but it does say great things about the management or ownership. A belated thank you!
3	I got my car serviced here yesterday. A standard oil change on my 2012 TL. When I pulled into the service area, I was a little confused as there was not anyone to greet me so I didn't know whether or not I could leave my car parked where it was. After 5 minutes or so, a gentleman walked out and asked for my keys. He then directed me to speak to a representative there.Everything was fine after that - I waited for an hour but luckily they have a nice waiting area with 5 flat screens, unlimited bottled water, soda, juice, coffee. They also offered free chip bags and cookies. I was able to connect to their wifi but it was really spotty -- I ended up just browsing sites on my phone. I'm not sure if it was just a bad day. Overall I wouldn't consider the staff to be rude, but they definitely don't go out of their way to make you feel like you're getting top service.Pricing-wise, I called a few regular oil change shops like Jiffy Lube. They all charged around $60 for synthetic oil. I was able to ask for a $7 mailer discount at Acura so it ended up being $54.
5	Chelsea helped me tremendously, from the initial internet based communication to the in person interaction. She worked with me every step of the way, and now I am the happy driver of a 2015 Acura TLX! Thanks so much Chelsea and team for making this happen.
5	Beautiful facility, car buying made easy!! General sales manager Steve R and the internet team did a great job! Finance manager Virginia offered different financing options and was extremely helpful. Whole transaction took a little over an hour....Definite recommend!
