1	I would leave zero stars if that were an option.Our company used Gecko Wraps and had issues with the last two trucks they wrapped for us.  They failed to match our proofs in numerous places, and also delivered a wrap that was pixelated as if printed at the wrong resolution.  Our logo was distorted.  They also missed areas of one truck while covering DOT signs and other items on another.To top it off, they also did a wrap on the back door of one of our 53' trailers that was supposed to match the rest of the truck.  The color came back COMPLETELY wrong.  It was forest green instead of light grey, and our straight lines in the design now had waves.  How it left their facility to come back to us is beyond me.  It was as if they just hoped we wouldn't notice.The worst part about this story is the customer service after the issues happened.  Instead of trying to correct it, they avoided our calls and refused to call us back when they said they would, with us having to follow up with them over and over. When we finally did get a hold of them, we had to send the pictures of the issues numerous times.  First Ben, then Michael, then Brandon the shop foreman promised to fix the trucks.  When they finally scheduled to fix them on a Saturday, they stood up our crew who was being paid on overtime - no call, no show.On Monday we received an email from Michael that "he had meant to re-schedule, but the email was stuck in his outbox".  Right.These people literally could care less about their reputation, and they just want us to go away and cut their losses with us as a customer.  When I asked to speak to the owner (Shane apparently), I was told he was vacation.Hopefully this review can save you and your company from going through the huge headaches we have had with these guys.  Avoid them at all costs.
1	They have horrible customer service not to mention bad work ethics as well. Cutting corners due to negligence, roasting tires, revving engines, scratched paint and so much more. Do yourself a favor and don't waste your time and money.They are a joke!
5	Always have done a excellent job! Can't wait to start my new setup . Theses guys have been top notch for years.
