5	Buying a house is serious business, and unless you are a drug lord, it will be your most expensive purchase ever. As a first-time homebuyer, I had some serious stress and anxiety about this complicated, scary world. Fortunately for me, my Realtor had already worked with Chris Myers and First Option Lending, so she knew she was placing me in good hands.From my first phone call with Chris, I was treated like a valued customer, not like the confused, unprepared guy I really was. Chris answered tons of questions, and is truly one of the most 'can-do' people I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. I set up an appointment with Chris to review my finances, and get the process of securing a loan, etc. Chris was very flexible with appointment scheduling and I met up with him one afternoon at his office in Scottsdale. The office is set in a corporate office building that is really nice, with easy, close parking (AKA you will not die in the summer).I met up with Chris and he reviewed my credit report, and answered my million and one questions about how all this stuff works. I have to admit, I had a lot of stress about this process, all I have ever heard about is how cumbersome it is, how many moving parts, and how fragile the process is, and that things will be messed up. Clearly those people have never had Chris in their corner, because working with him was the polar opposite of that experience. Chris laid out a clear road map of the process, and described how I could help make it smooth and painless. In addition, Chris had some great suggestions on how I could increase my credit rating, so I could get the best possible rate. With Chris's guidance, I raised my score significantly in a short amount of time, thus helping me secure a great loan. The thing I appreciated most about Chris is his easy going personality, he is so friendly and genuinely a good guy, you can't help but not be stressed.During the process of getting my loan, Chris kept me informed of where we were at in the process, and what the next steps were. Throughout the whole experience, Chris was remarkably helpful, friendly, and extremely knowledgeable about the world of loans and finance. Even when other parts of the home buying experience got difficult (Home inspection, not great appraisal, etc.) Chris was there to advocate on my behalf and made things go smoothly, that were otherwise a complete train wreck. In talking to other people who recently purchased a home, their loan people didn't do a fraction of the extra work that Chris took on, and as a result their process was much bumpier. On more than one occasion, Chris identified ways to stretch my buying dollar, so I could get the best house, for the best deal. In addition, Chris is very detailed oriented (which I learned that the little details are what can sink a home purchase) and that will benefit you greatly.To conclude, I cannot recommend Chris and First Option Lending enough. Chris truly provided world-class service, and moved mountains to help me get into my first home, which coincidentally is my dream house. If you are in the market for a loan, do yourself a massive favor, and give Chris a call. You will NOT be disappointed, I guarantee you.
5	If you're looking to buy a home, to refinance or do whatever would involve a lending company, you MUST read this!I never saw myself as a homeowner. I always thought it's for families, or couples, or grown ups. Mind you, I'll be 41 soon. But somehow the planets aligned, I had the down payment I needed and the market was right, so I decided to look around and see what's out there. I had no idea where to begin though, so I turned to a good friend of mine who had just bought his first home, hoping he could provide me with some direction. With one phone call I had names and numbers to the two key ingredients of this process - a realtor and a lender. My friend couldn't rave enough about how amazing his home buying experience had been because of these two individuals. Much like me, he hates change and was very comfortable with apartment living so when I saw how thrilled he was with his new home and how well the process went for him, it gave me the push I needed to take the first step.Given how much I love my current apartment of 8 years, I knew finding a home within my budget that would meet all of my criteria would be challenging (aka champagne taste, beer budget with a side of very picky). But what I was dreading the most was the financial end of this whole thing. Not just being able to afford everything, but learning what, to me, feels like another language. Knowing how to qualify, figuring out what you pay now, what comes later, what drops off after that, PMI, HOA, HOI.... OMG! Understanding finances is a gift I just don't have and when it comes to home buying, I'm as clueless as it gets. So here I am, about to take on probably the biggest responsibility of my life, with no idea what I'm getting into. Which brings us to Chris Myers at First Option Lending.My friend had prepared me for how awesome Chris was, but to hear it, and experience it, are two different things. Chris couldn't have been more welcoming to my phone call and within minutes I knew I was in very knowledgeable, attentive, patient, and friendly hands. He immediately put me at ease and promised this would be painless and that he'd walk me through every step. During the months that followed, his responsiveness made me feel like I  was his only client because he replied to e-mails promptly, was on top of all aspects of my loan and was only a phone call away when needed. Little did he know what a frightened over thinker he had acquired as a client but he's so great at what he does, that he quickly caught on to my listening and knew how to tailor his explanations in a way that I would understand. If he detected any confusion in my voice or e-mails he would make sure we talked about things until he could sense that I'm comfortable. I looked at about 50 homes before I found "the one" and over the course of those 3 months Chris must have repeated himself at least 5 times on every topic (with zero irritability) until things finally sunk in for me. After my offer was accepted he kept me informed on every step of the process as promised and not only provided me with his expertise on the financial end, but offered tons of moral support as well. In times of doubt, he reminded me many times why I'm doing this, how it will benefit me, what I can gain from it and what to look forward to. He genuinely cares for his clients and goes above and beyond to help you in any way that he can. On top of all of this, he is extremely personable, has a great sense of humor, is very perceptive and is an overall stand up guy. Much like my friend, I can't rave enough about Chris because words cannot encompass all that he brings to the table as your lender. This whole experience was far from scary and extremely fun, and I owe it all to him. I am days away from closing on my first home and knowing that I will always have Chris in my corner as my lender and adviser, gives me immense comfort and confidence. I will forever be grateful to my friend for referring me to Chris, and if you're still reading this (because you should have been on the phone with Chris 1.5 paragraphs ago), don't look any further. Your expectations will be exceeded. I promise.
1	I was really impressed when we contact First Option lending, they came to our house and walked through every piece of paperwork we signed for the loan application. I got a good vibe from the first line of communication. Soon after that no communication at all. This process began back in November and we are still chasing after them for status. On average , it takes a week to get a call back from our loan officer.  It's funny because, we are currently refinancing our rental home from a different company and the level of service has been exceptional, they send us updates to keep us in the loop constantly.  We are canceling our loan application with first option today and going with the other company.
