3	Well, there are (at least) two new Waffle Trucks in town: Waffle Love AZ and Waffle Crush. Both have opened within the last month-ish and they both seem to like parking in my back yard (not complaining!) Being lovers of waffles (particularly waffles of the amazingly sweet, sugary leige-sort), we of course needed to give both a whirl.Waffle Love AZ is an import from Utah. Their truck is brightly decorated with a mural-like painting flowing across the whole thing. Their most common East-Gilbert haunt seems to be a dirt lot at the corner of Germann and Val Vista. Location: Not a huge fan of the dirt-lot setup for food trucks. The actual experience of dining from food trucks is already unpleasant enough (wait in a long line outdoors, wait for your food, no place to sit, no easy way to eat your knife/fork food, etc) but then add to that the dusty dirtiness of a dirt lot, the haphazard parking and dealing with the drivers trying to find parking, and the fact that because the lot is not an actual place, it means that there isn't a convenient place to turn through traffic to get in, this was just not my favorite. They also had incredibly bright floodlights set up on the ground shining towards the truck. This was fine until you turned from the truck to head toward your car and were completely blinded just prior to heading into a dense crowd of people across uneven rocky, rutted ground.Process: The line was long and did not move very quickly. The girl who was advancing along the line wasn't taking orders, per se... she was just jotting down your name and order onto the cardboard tray that would later hold your waffle. I didn't like that she came up to us when we were so far back in the line that we could literally not yet clearly see the menu, yet alone determine what we'd like to order, so we were put on the spot a bit. When we got to the front, a friendly Chef took our trays, rang us up, and had us use an iPad to run our credit card. There was an option for tip (15%, 20%, 25%, custom) We then waited another 15+ minutes for the order to be ready - it was a little difficult to hear them calling names and there were so many people that it was tough to get close enough to be sure you'd hear it.The Menu: There's just one type of actual waffle - Belgian Leige waffles. From there, you can determine your toppings at an additional cost. Toppings include Nutella (classic), Biscoff (an amazingly delicious cookie spread that is the perfect graham cracker/cookie element to any s'more waffle dream you might have), Cream (but not the cheap whipped cream out of a can - thick, almost icecreamy cream) and strawberries, raspberries, bananas.... One thing that did disappoint me about the menu is that there wasn't really a simple, non-knife and fork option for the waffles outside of just getting a completely plain waffle. An option with cinnamon and sugar, or perhaps peanut butter (?) or something else that is more basic would be awesome for littles who may not appreciate the more advance offerings. There are also a small variety of drinks offered - hot apple cider, hot chocolate, milk, water.The Goods: the waffles are delicious Liege waffles that use special waffle irons that caramelize the sugar on the waffles providing a crispier, sweet exterior that contrasts the soft and fluffy interior perfectly. The toppings are high quality and proportioned well so that you can create a perfect bite each time with a little bit of each element. I got what I think they called "The Classic" - Waffle, Biscoff, Strawberries, and Whipped Creme and it was certainly tasty. Service: Everyone seemed nice, just a little rushed and there wasn't a whole lot of interaction, all of which is, I'm sure, because they were so very busy. Overall - I did not like the location or setup a whole lot, the menu was just a little more limited than I'd have liked, but I think their waffle recipe is superior to other liege waffles I've tried elsewhere. The pricing is a little less than the other truck. They do offer a punch card, so if you plan to make visiting a regular occurrence then that can be a good perk! They did not (that I saw) offer "to go" containers as an option, but I may have missed it.
5	The best! I love the Nutella waffle with strawberries and whipcream! Can't wait to go again!
5	Seriously the BEST waffles in AZ hands down!!  The owners are cute!  The waffles are to die for!  The truck was hand painted!  The portion size and presentation is superb.  If you live in AZ you HAVE to find this truck!!  THE BEST!!!  @waffle love az on Facebook and @waffluvaz on instagram and twitter.
5	A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!  I can't get over how delicious these waffels are. And the amount of fresh fruit is unbelievable! I got mine with strawberries, bananas, and whip cream. I'm guessing that it was topped with an entire banana and I can't even imagine how many sliced fresh strawberries. Seriously delicious. Does it take some time to make? Well yes since they are fresh and made to order and it's well worth it. Those who complain about the wait should stick to fast food restaurants.
5	Ok, I am really not a waffle person.  If I am going to do sweet for breakfast just give me a brownie or piece of pie BUT... I recently was an at event at JAM and the Waffle Luv was flowing so I decided to get in line and order one.  GOOD DECISION.  I got a chocolate filled waffle topped with a cookie spread and homemade whipped cream.  It was AMAZING.  One of the best "sweet" breakfast items I have ever had.  if you see this truck around be sure to check them out or book them for a private event ASAP.
5	Amazing waffles! We go at least once a week, the strawberry and cream is our favorite! The staff is super friendly and very helpful!
5	This is not your average waffle.  I have researched the liege waffle and it's such a different process than making a regular waffle.  These are filled with pearls of sugar and topped with ridiculously delicious cream and fresh fruit. My favorite had to be the chocolate filled with whipped cream and strawberries.  Check out their instagram as they offer gluten free waffles on some days which are heavenly.
5	When I think of Waffle Luv, all I can think of is the word decadent.  They had this amazing chocolate, biscoff, strawberry, whipped cream (the real thing- no cans involved).  The waffle was nearly invisible for the generous amount of toppings.  I foolishly thought it would not fill me up because the waffle seemed small.  But let me tell you- it was f#cking magical!  There's no way to not get your fill.  Besides all the decadent toppings, the waffle itself was ahh-mazing!!!! I have seen the truck around a couple of times since having it and just seeing it makes me giddy.  I don't know what their secret is, but thisis a must try food truck.One bit of warning: if you are on a diet, steer clear.  Or just plan to run an extra marathon when you're done. ;)
2	I was super excited to find out this truck was coming to the parking lot at a location nearby so I HAD to try due to the RAVING reviews.... WELLLLL I was not blown away to say the least. I had the strawberries and cream waffle. It was okay. The Waffles are crispy without syrup so not a breakfast kinda food but more of a dessert. Not what you call the best. It is realllllly over priced for the small waffle too. Really talked up in my opinion. Save your money and go to Dennys for the 4$ all you can eat Pancakes! At least you get syrup there. I was really disappointed with Waffle love. Next time, I think I will not stop for the Waffle Love truck. :/ Not a fan.
5	Okay, If you read my previous review for another waffle truck, you would know I was a huge fan. HUGE. But. Ugh I hate to be this kind of person but WAFFLE LOVE HAS STOLEN MY HEART. Waffle crush and waffle love are both AZ waffle trucks that go to different locations each day (Facebook/Instagram their schedules). I've tried BOTH in the SAME DAY. I know. Shame on me. Bad bad bad. Naughty. But in my defense it was like an opportunity of a lifetime to have both trucks be in super super close locations (like 5 minutes close).Basically, I met the Crush in the morning. But by evening he became my Love. Get it? LOL I crack myself up with these puns. I'm funny. Waffle crush is good, I have to admit, but the recipe for the liege waffle for Waffle Love is really good. I've noticed that it doesn't have a weird bitter aftertaste after and the strawberries aren't bitter either. The cream is much thicker and the prices are lower too.  (Btw, I got the same waffle: waffle + Biscoff spread + strawberries + cream) One thing I have to note is the menu. I hate it. Harder to read especially when you're far back in line.I like their Togo containers better too. But all in all, I'd eat waffles from both trucks any day. People said they offer punchcards but I didn't get one. Boo.
5	Amazing! So far the Works is my favorite: biscoff, strawberries, and cream. The cream is very thick and creamy :) The biscoff is delicious! Not cheap but so good and very filling. And super friendly people that work there. Love this truck!
5	This is a pretty simple review, I went, I partook, and I continue to have dreams about the waffles partaken of. If you think either food trucks, good waffles, or a fun interesting experience or all three are up your alley, certainly worth trying. I had the waffle with Biscoff, whip cream, and strawberries, very good. Word on the street is Biscoff is the lost 8th wonder of the world, and Waffle Love successfully verified its truthfulness! I'd eat that heavenly delight by the spoon full!They maintain a pretty diverse presence across the valley so hit 'em up on Facebook, instagram or their website (convientley located above to the left of the pictures) to find out where they will be next! I even saw them up in Show Low over the 4th of July!
5	It's just a waffle, that's what I hear all the time in fact that is exactly what I said when a co worker would rave about them, and then I tried it. Seriously delicious it really is one of those "you won't believe it until you try it" I tried it and am hooked!! Waffles everyday I say.Yum!!!
5	waffle luv, i would follow you anywhere! Simply delicious!
2	I was really disappointed. Read so many reviews and decided my family needed to try it. The toppings were good, but the waffle did not taste good- actually the batter was very blah- and they are very overpriced.
5	Sweet treat from a food truck: thick crisp waffle with a soft center chew topped with biscoff (cookie cream spread), sliced strawberries and whip cream. Half of it was just enough but if you're in luv with the waffle, then the entire square will suffice. A refrigerated half of the waffle still tasted just as wonderful. $8 of sweet goodness.
2	I was so excited to see waffle luv at Agritopia farms!! It is on the way to my sons baseball practice so I couldn't resist. I have been wanting to try them FOREVER! I arrived just after 5 pm. Surprisingly there was no line! I ordered the strawberries and cream ... 5 minutes later my name was called. I go to cut into my delicious waffle and it was as hard as a rock!!! I literally could barely cut it with the plastic knife that they so kindly provided!! How is that even possible?! What a disappointment!!! If I wanted an ordinary crunchy waffle I would have made myself an eggo waffle at home!!!  The strawberries and cream ended up being the only part of the waffle I ate and they were absolutely delicious but needless to say I will be trying the waffle crush next time!
4	Cinnabliss was great. Waffle, Carmel, ice cream, whipped topping. Very good!! Great dessert. Worth tracking down for the next location they will be at.
5	The only word to describe their waffles are HEAVENLY!  These are made from gods in the elysian fields. No you can not make these at home, they are NOT regular waffles! The bananas and cream with biscoff is probably my favorite. However there hasn't been anything I've disliked. Anytime they are in Phoenix we have to go. Even my son and husband are addicted to them. We love Waffle Luv!
3	I found a notice on my door a few days ago stating that the Waffle Love food truck was going to be at the apartment complex where I live, and that the first 25 customers would get a free Cinnamon roll waffle.  I sent an email using the email link online, but no one replied, so I decided to call the AZ location (there are four Utah food trucks and one in AZ) to ask about the ingredients used.  I was told that the waffles do not contain baking soda, powdered sugar, nor cornstarch.  For those with corn allergies, you will want to stay away from the Ghirardelli caramel sauce, as it contains corn syrup.  Vanilla ice cream is from Kirkland (Costco brand- nice texture, but I find it too sweet!), the dollops of cream are made with granulated sugar, and chocolate sticks used (in the chocolate-filled waffles) are corn syrup-free!I ordered the Chocolate-filled waffle ($7.00), which came with bananas and cream, and the Strawberry Dream ($7.50), which came with Nutella and cream, but I asked that bananas be substituted, since strawberries cause the tissues that line the insides of my mouth to shred (in case you were wondering-- TMI?), a cup of Kirkland vanilla ice cream ($2), and I received a Cinnamon roll waffle for free. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/waffle-luv-gilbert?select=wTFPqIaPdbRLdPnGAAn01w#wTFPqIaPdbRLdPnGAAn01w  Couldn't try the Cinnnamon roll, due to the possibility of powdered sugar in the glaze**, but Mom had a couple of bites of it just a few minutes ago (I popped it into the toaster oven to get it crispy again-- it worked!) and said it was surprisingly very good! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/waffle-luv-gilbert?select=sNk94A6QdeE-vTWkzk67Tw#sNk94A6QdeE-vTWkzk67Tw  My fave of the two waffles I could try was the Banana-Nutella and Cream waffle!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/waffle-luv-gilbert?select=bMOIumzckgbBvl5zJ6OX7w#bMOIumzckgbBvl5zJ6OX7w  I mean, look at the way the Nutella was slathered onto the waffle... Oh my!  The texture of the waffle was caramelized and crispy on the outside and had just the right amount of chewiness on the inside.  I liken the texture to how a pretzel would be if you pulled it apart-- so sexy!  My only complaint is that the sweetened waffles are a tad too sweet!  It would be great if ordered plain, as these are Liege waffles, but with all of the other sweet toppings, I couldn't enjoy too many bites of my two choices, plus the cloyingly-sweet Kirkland vanilla ice cream was just too much for me- I suggest to pass up on this $2 add-on!  The Chocolate-filled waffle, with bananas and cream, was good, and I should've taken a photo of the layering of the chocolate sticks, but by then, I was on sugar overload, and all I wanted was to push these plates aside and just forget about them for awhile... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/waffle-luv-gilbert?select=tU-M-9kB5ThBk-Cj9c3OMg#tU-M-9kB5ThBk-Cj9c3OMg  If you do not like Nutella, then the Chocolate-filled waffle is a great runner-up!  The cream on these waffles were well-made.  Just enough sweetened cream to complement the bananas-- I'd like to have the recipe and have it with fresh fruit when I feel indulgent. Next time, I'll just order a plain waffle and have it with black coffee!**Sunny at HQ answered a few of my questions and said that the staff could answer any other questions I may have at the site-- there were three, and none of them knew.  However, every pastry chef and baker I've ever asked say that the cinnamon roll icing is always made with powdered sugar.
