2	I really don't know how to write a review for Food City.  Why?  Because its not always what I expect.So I made enchiladas this past Sunday, and realized that I would like to have a side of rice with it, at the very last minute.  I figured, that instead of going to Safeway, why not try Food City, so I could get some more 'authentic' rice to spice up my dinner some.  So, I got off the light rail a few stops early at this Food City, and, well, I was dissapointed.For starters, I felt like this location was dirty and grimish.  More so then I would have liked.  I have been in Food City before, but I feel like they should offer showers upon leaving this location.Secondly, I went in there and was looking for Rice...any thing NOT rice a roni, or uncle Bens for that matter.  I walked the store TWICE. NOTHING.  NO FREAKIN RICE.  WTF!  I came to food city and you don't have rice?  Thats like me going to Chompies and not finding Challah for Gawds sake.  Unacceptable!ugh, so I left, and high tailed it out of here.  If I should ever find myself in a food city again, it will NOT be this location.  EVER.
3	You may or may not find what you need here.  They actually do have rice, but it's a poor selection much like everything else they carry.  I'm fairly certain that Food City takes all the leftover crap that their parent store Basha's rejects.  The meat is questionable and the produce is never fresh.  You really have to pick through it to find the ones that aren't badly damaged.I wouldn't call the place dirty but it's definitely run-down.  It's in a gritty strip mall with a cell phone store, two subpar dollar stores, a barber, and a laundromat.  The store is understaffed and if you go at the wrong time you will wait in the ONE lane they have open for 20 minutes.   I've never felt the employees were rude to me but I also don't go there to socialize.  I go in to grab what I need at the last minute, and this place works fine for that.
4	Food City is a small store, so it is not going to have every variation on every type of product. It does have rice though, and a pretty good selection, I thought. Long grain, short grain, white, brown, basmati, sushi rice.. I'm not sure what fancy rice people are looking for, but they have enough types of rice to keep me happy.The one major problem with Food City which might be affecting previous reviewers' ability to locate items, is that it is not very well organized. Where is the honey? The spice aisle? Nope. With the other condiments, sauces, and syrups? Nope. In the baking area? Nope, nope, nope. It's actually by the bread.  I have never had a problem with waiting too long in line. Then again, I usually shop at 10pm, and there's very few people shopping at that time. There's a security guard that comes around starting sometime in the evening hours, and I can't decide if I feel safer with a guard around, or more nervous knowing that there is a need for a guard. Regardless, this is the closest grocery store to me, at only a quarter mile's distance. I'm happy to have a place within walking distance that has all the basics I need. Sure, it's not as clean and shiny as the Safeway, but last I saw, Safeway doesn't have bags of rolls for a buck, or the same delicious array of imported Mexican snack foods.
3	This Food City and I have a strange relationship together.  I love it for a lot of reasons.1.  Because it's Food City, you can expect the prices to be low.2.  Legitimately good prices on fruit and vegetables.  They had a special in which you could get 5 avocados for $1.  Granted, they weren't ripe, but for once I successfully did the "put the things in a paper bag in a dark place to ripen" technique and they were all delicious.3.  They not only have fresh chorizo, they have soyrizo, which I actually prefer.4.  Cheap Mexican candles with religious figures on them looking holy and quite solemn.  Those things will last you a lifetime.But, you also have to hate it because:1.  Because it's food city, almost everyone there, practically, is a mutant.  On any given day you'll see shirtless babies grabbing toys off of the shelf, dropping them to the ground, then screaming in hysterical tears.2.  One lady who works here is a complete bitch.  When I saw the above-mentioned avocado deal, it was limit 5 per customer, and I had 10.  No big deal, I can put 5 back, I can pay for 5 on a non-discounted rate or have my girlfriend buy the other 5.  I could do any number of things.  Instead, she ripped open the bag I had with my delicious fruit in there without even asking and I was thinking, "What the fuck?  Shouldn't you ask before fucking decimating my bag of avocados?"  One time, she also bumped into my squeezing by a shelf and never looked at me or apologized.3.  Almost every time I go here, someone outside will ask me for money or cigarettes.Overall, I guess if the prices are okay and I don't get a knife to the back, it gets a passing grade.
4	I needed to buy a few items and stopped into Food City. The produce looked good and lucky for me they were having a sale! Multiple employees asked me if I needed help. Good experience.
4	Friendly staff and good prices
4	I live so close by, why not stop in when i need a few things. Good selection of produce and items are usually on sale without a savings card. I even found Redbull for a smokin' deal! And I must mention that -Louise N is a very sweet cashier!
