5	I've been to the new location once.I love it just as much as the old.  There is a huge reception area, and the studio itself is open.  Everything is still very clean, and all of the artists friendly and amazing. :)Das Frank, my artist, was having a special on breast cancer ribbon tattoos, so I finally got the one I wanted for my mom, who is a survivor of 12 years.Frank did an amazing job, as usual, and the work is beautiful. :)  I'll post a picture later on. ;)  Can't wait for my next piece!
5	Best tattoo place in town the staff is awesome. All of their art work is amazing.  You feel more like a friend then you do a customer awesome vibe. I won't get a tattoo anywhere else!
5	Go see Audrey she has done two cover ups on me and I won't trust anyone but here she does a great job !!
5	This place is off the strip and definitely worth the trip, if you're lookin for some new ink.  Me and my buddy came up for a few days and was referred to this place by a friend of mine.  There a a bunch of artists here and they all have a great attitude, all very friendly. And all have great stories to tell.  Well priced, no "strip pricing" We had Cornfed as our artist and he was the best.   I will recommend this shop to anyone who is looking for a vegas tattoo.   Great art on the walls from the different artist as well.
5	Great work, fixed my tattoo an loved it.. thanks Chris..Thanks Ryan for the referral. Definitely coming back..
5	Audrey has been doing my tats for 3 years. Service is excellent and artistic skills are the best. I've had 6 tats done here and her work is amazing. I've also had tats fixed that other artists have screwed up.The prices are very fair. They are not tourist prices, they are old school tattoo shop prices.I'm already considering another tat. If you need a great tat with intricate design I strongly suggest you stop in and see Audrey or Dano. Their work is great and their prices won't cost you an entire paycheck.
5	Timeless Tattoo continues to set the standard for tattoo shops and artists for me. A little while back (I can't believe I didn't write this sooner) I went in to see Das Frank for another custom piece:  A butterfly with a little bit of Celtic knot work in the wings. When I arrived, he was finishing the stencil for me, and let me tell you...this was so much more beautiful than I had envisioned!Frank took a little artistic liberty, and rather than doing a butterfly, he did a moth, which ended up being perfect, as I also asked for a hidden skull, and I just love it.  Everyone gets butterflies...I have a death's head moth!  Besides, they both symbolize metamorphosis, which is what I wanted.The knot work is astounding.  Its so complex, and intricate!The line work took about an hour and a half, and I still have to make an appointment to get it colored and shaded, but as it is right now, I'm SO pleased with Frank's work.  Timeless is highly recommended, as is Das Frank.
