4	This adorable little cupcake shop is getting a 4 for now but they definitely have 5-star potential if their champagne cupcake ends up beating The Cupcakery's sweet little behind. This place is literally right around the corner from my place and now that I have tried it I know I will need to stay far, far away because I don't think my poor body can handle the extra 5 hours of cardio I'm going to be doing since I'm on such a sugar high at the moment. These cupcakes are GORGEOUS and BEYOND HUGE. You walk in and see them in the case and you know that you are going to be satisfied. They are $3.50 a pop, but they mentioned that if you add them on Facebook they have frequent specials, and they even gave us a coupon for our next visit. Awesome. There are a ton of flavors to choose from, and they change them daily as well as have a daily special cupcake not listed, and seasonal cupcakes. Wow. I know I will never get bored! I ordered the red velvet which has an insane amount of frosting. It was good but I literally couldn't finish all the frosting on top, and it also had some cream in the center of the cupcake. I think they need a bit more cake and slightly less frosting - these babies make a big mess! Was it totally delicious however? Hard yes. I will definitely come back here again. My favorite cupcake in the world is the champagne frosted Kir Royale from The Cupcakery, so I need to come back to try their champagne cupcake (they also have a margarita one, minus the headache!). Now if you'll excuse me, I need to do 3 hours of EA Sports Active to work this thing off!
2	Too much damn frosting!  And I never thought I would say that.  To me a perfect cupcake has the right amount of frosting for every bite of cake.  For this to be the case with Gigi's you would need to double the size of the cake.  This is not the type of cupcake you could just eat without the use of a fork/spoon in my opinion or you'd wind up with a face full of frosting. I tried three flavors.  Scarlett's Red Velvet:  I didn't really taste the Red Velvet flavor of the cake and it was moist to the point of being soggy because of the additional filling.The White Midnight Magic, a devil's food cake, and the Birthday Surprise, white cake,  I found them both to be a bit on the dry side.  I realize this is a franchise and they are most likely allowed to set their prices at each location but if that's the case the website should not state a price of $3.00 on their cupcake price listing menu page when this location is $3.50.  Even though I was not a fan of these cupcakes and that's just my personal taste the store is nicely decorated with some cute merchandise available for purchase and the counter girls were extremely friendly and knowledgeable of the flavors available that day.
4	These cupcakes are SO FREAKING CUTE !!!!!!!!!!!!! I walked in and all I could say was "how cute!!".  Let's see, I bought half a dozen cupcakes because they were so adorable.. I have tried two and yeah.. pretty amazing.  Now they don't have as much variety as the one we have in CA but they def make up for it with the cupcake decoration & taste.  They are average sized cupcakes but it does not lack in the frosting!! If you're not a frosting fan like my friend, you'll probably just enjoy the cake part.  If you're a frosting fan, you'll love love love.  the 2 I tried:1 Princess Cupcake- pink cupcake!!! Strawberry cake, strawberry cream cheese frosting and a pink tiara. It was veryyy yummy, the cake itself was very moist.2 Peanut Butter Cupcake- your standard chocolate cake, peanut butter frosting (yum), chocolate drizzle & salty roasted peanuts on top.  This was was alright but A for decor I will review the other ones later when I try em.  You should eat before you eat any of this because it is a lot of sugar.  Also, I know the pricing says $$$ but I think it's only $$-- maybe its because I'm from Cali but it's not that bad.  It's only 3.50/cupcake or 3.00/cupcake if u get a dozen.  I wish they had their champagne cupcake because others have raved about it.
4	I am usually NOT a fan of these cupcake specialty bakeries because they always put way too much frosting... As Gigi's did. It was a shame that we had to scrap off the excess frosting but if we didn't, it would've been a sugar overload.Once you got past the mountain of frosting, the cake was MOIST and full of flavor. It's one of the better cupcakes that I've had.
1	Mathew's review of the day reminded me that i owe a review on this place. Unfortunately , i don't share in his love for the place. Elnino hit the nail on the head - WTF is with all the frosting !! Bought a dozen to take to my old office mates on the eastside . the ladies in the office luv da sweets big time !! I've tried to keep them satisfied with the freebies i get from the Palms coffee shop ( brownies, cannoli and this cheesecake " loaf " that's pretty damn good ! ) , the Eastside cannery deli ( more brownies and cookies ) and my occasional stop at the various cupcake shops. When i saw Mathew's review of Gigi and noticed it's about 2 miles from the old office, of course i had to try ! Got a variety of 8 different cupcakes and i'm not sure what bothered me more - the ridiculous amount of the frosting or how frickin dry the cake was ...is that why they pile on the frosting ?!?! Usually I give a place a couple tries before i throw-down an opinion but it's my sense this is the 'norm' for these cupcakes and i just can't get past the frosting pile ...please please please Retro ...OPEN A 2ND STORE IN CENTRAL VEGAS
2	I don't know why I keep trying cupcake places...they are all overrated in my opinion. Much rather go to a bakery and get a slice of cake or something..Anyway..I really really wanted to like this place.  SUPER cute and clean on the inside.  The staff was very friendly and was more than willing to answer any questions about the product.  They had some samples for us to try, which was nice.  Tried a vanilla and thought it was yummy, so we decided to get a box of six to sample.  (Came with free milk--SCORE!)Got the following flavors:-Red Velvet (2)-Midnight Madness-Wedding cake (vanilla) (2)-Texas Milk ChocolateWe left with a cute box and were very excited about our cupcakes.  Got to the hotel room and, like another yelper said, they are NOT good to transport.  The frosting was off of half of the cupcakes.I also see what someone else said about the amount of frosting.  It was a ridiculous amount of frosting!  I will not fault them for that though, some people may have that much of a sweet tooth..and I can always just scrape off what I don't want.Now, I'll stop rambling and get to the point:the cupcakes were HORRIBLE, especially the red velvet.  Why would you put filling in a cupcake that already has a mountain of frosting?  Also, the filling was just sick and the cake did not taste like red velvet, but like a chocolate cake gone way, way wrong.The vanilla was fine, Texas milk chocolate frosting was yummy, but the cake was dry and the midnight madness what just ok, but the frosting was way too sweet for my taste.Will NOT be back...SUPER CUTE place, but i'm not eating the ambiance.
4	Gigi's comes really close to five stars, especially comparing it to the Cupcakery. I've tried five flavors--birthday cake, champagne, lemon, coconut, and chocolate--and they were all fantastic. They're a good size for the price, decorated beautifully, the cake is moist and delicious, and the frosting is incredible. The store is cute and clean, there are tons of flavors and the menu changes daily... The only problem, as other reviewers have mentioned, is the sheer amount of frosting! It's just too much, and this is coming from someone who thought there was no such thing as too much frosting. If you don't mind scraping a little frosting off, though, you will not regret your trip to Gigi's.
3	OK, so first of all I'm not a huge cupcake/baked good fan in general, but saw the Groupon and bought it for my girlfriend because I knew she'd like going to actually pick out the cupcakes.  Here is the first warning-- This place is all about the presentation (and the frosting).  There is a lot of frosting on these cupcakes, but the flipside is, all the frostings I tried were the best frostings I ever had in my life (but I'm also not really much of a frosting person, for me, it's about the cake).  I wasn't eating the cupcake with a fork and knife, and basically had to eat the frosting off as if was an ice cream cone, and by the end I was already getting a little sick from the richness (my fault, not theirs--but OK one cupcake, frosting alone, shouldn't be making you sick from sweetness/richness maybe).  The red velvet cake was super meh-- It was very chocolaty which is fine if that's their thing, but it just wasn't what I was expecting.Presentation 5 StarsFrosting 5 Stars Cake 2 StarsEating Experience 2 starsOverall it's pretty good for what it is and if you appreciate the creativity of the flavors/presentation.  I'd recommend it for someone wanting good cupcakes, I guess I'm just not a cupcake person.
3	I was given a Groupon for my cupcakes by my boyfriend. The rate for a dozen cupcakes is $36.00. A little pricey. It was a cute shop around the corner from our house. The service was very friendly. The packaging was good, but the size of the cupcakes don't stand well in hot weather and a long drive around.  (Not Gigi's fault!) When we got home, our beautiful cupcakes were a mess. The cupcakes were beautiful. The icing was perfect, just the way icing should be. I had a problem with their "Scarlet Red Velvet" best seller, I didn't notice it at first but realized that it did not taste like a traditional red velvet cake, but more like a chocolate cupcake. However, I have only had a red velvet cupcake from Claim jumper and "the cupcakery" so I don't really have a lot of red velvet cake experience. It was still tasty, and fun to eat.Anyway, they did have a wide selection of flavors, and my kids really enjoyed the "Midnight Chocolate" cupcake. I will update this review once I try some of the others... Some of the more interesting flavors was the cherry cordial and key lime flavor variety. i really want to try to peach cobbler, but it was not available at that time.
4	Gigi's was around the corner from our hotel in Vegas, so we had to try it out. Gigi's has some deliciously scrumptious cupcakes, each one decorated entirely differently with a heap of frosting on top! Their menu has a picture, including the description of each one, as well as their daily menu that shows which cupcakes they have each day. The prices were $3.50 each, but I'd say they are worth it. Definitely something worth indulging once in a while.My mom got Birthday Surprise (white cake with fluffy buttercream frosting and colorful sprinkles) and I got Scarlett's Red Velevet (red velvet cake with a vanilla filling, topped with cream cheese frosting, a white chocolate heart and red sugar crystals). After scraping off about half the frosting on top, these cupcakes were delicious! I've never had filling inside of a red velvet cupcake, and that vanilla filling really put it over the top. Kudos!
2	I would have to concur with the majority of reviews on herewaaaay too much frosting, doesnt do well during transporting from store to your home.$3.50 for one? and $3 for each cupcake in a dozen?Personally, I'd rather spend money on a bundt cake or try another cupcake bakery.
3	I love anything sweet - especially cupcakes! So, my family and I decided to try Gigi's because it looked super cute and we were shopping in the area. The store is absolutely adorable and the service was great, but the cupcakes were just mediocre. The cupcakes looked delicious, but they were unfortunately disappointing when it came to taste. The icing was decently good, but the cakes themselves were pretty much tasteless and had a weird texture. They almost seemed as if they had been frozen, then thawed out. Later in the week, we decided to try them again because we were in the mood for a sweet treat and were once again in the area. The same thing - good icing, tasteless cakes. I wouldn't say they were horrible, but I wouldn't say they were delicious. I would eat them again, but I definitely wasn't impressed. I recently tried a different cupcake place in the area and thought they were much better.
3	At CSN's Club Rush today, we were provided with miniature versions of select cupcakes from Gigi's Cupcakes.  They do look really good, and the fact that it was basically free if you print your name and sign your signature on the guest check-in list made it an offer hard to refused. From looking at the cupcakes I do feel that on some of them there is a disportionate amount of frosting to the tiny cupcakes (which were quit moist).  If it is an exact scale miniature of the full size ones sold at the store, I think the frosting can be overwhelming for some (almost an 1:1 ratio of frosting to the cupcake by volume).  Especially since the frosting are mostly buttercream based, which is just a lot of butter fat and sugar that contributes to that not so great mouth feel, unless you wash it down with a cup of hot coffee or chocolate.Anyway, I liked the Strawberry Shortcake, and another chocolate thing (not sure exact which one, since I don't see it on the picture menu I picked up atthe booth).  The Merry Margarita didn't do it for me.With the buy 3 get 1 free coupon the CSN Culinary Club was also passing out, I will go back and try a couple more flavors. But I will most likely look for the cupcakes that have a more balanced cupcake to frosting ratio, because all of that frosting is just empty calories that goes in and hard to get out.If the review is based on the business being a good neighbor to the community, especially in supporting local student organizations, I would totally give it a 5 stars.But the cupcake itself is ~3 stars for me, which is Yelp for "A-OK".  Especially at $3.50 a piece ($3 each if buying a dozen), which I think is a little high.  But it is an artisen product, and I did enjoyed 2/3 of the different mini cupcakes that I tried.  Not bad considering I am damn picky.
2	Another groupon try.  I got the dozen and shared it with my coworkers, we all agreed that the flavors all sounded awesome, but the frosting was SO overpowering.  OKAY cupcakes, but nothing special.  Another disappointment was that the flavors change by the day, so although I got a dozen of all different cupcakes I couldn't find a day that offered all of the flavors I WANTED to try.
3	3.5.The cupcakes were nicely presented. They had about 14 varieties and we opted for 5 of them; wedding cake, tiramisu, peanut butter cup, red velvet, and miss princess cake.All of them were extremely moist, but agree with everyone on the frosting: too much. All dessert/cupcake places are like this though.Service was great. She recommended to turn the cupcake upside down and take the paper off so you can eat it like a normal cake and get the layers. If you can, bring milk or water so you dont end up buying it inside.
2	I've been working on this review for a few days now.  It's hard for me to only give it 2 stars but I can't bring myself to say that it's "A-OK" because they weren't.  I HAVE had better!And, seriously, what is up with the frosting?  As a baker myself (cupcakes no less), I'm baffled by this.  It's a standard sized cupcake with a ridiculous amount of frosting.  Apparently the cake-to-icing ratio rule doesn't apply here.  And no wonder they are so expensive!  I'm not sure why some cupcake stores feel the need to try and make their customers feel better for paying more for a cupcake by putting a ton of frosting on top.  It actually makes it worse because it's hard to enjoy the cupcake when you're choking down copious amounts of buttercream or worse - scraping off most of the icing so you can eat the cupcake!  Also?  You shouldn't have to eat a cupcake with a fork and knife.  Just saying.So, we purchased 6 cupcakes.  Well, our Living Social coupon purchased us 6 cupcakes.  The flavors we picked were Birthday Surprise, Chocolate Salted Caramel, Grasshopper, White Chocolate Macadamia, Midnight Magic Chocolate Chip and Spumoni.  The cake by itself was a little dry (we purchased ours later in the afternoon so it probably wasn't as fresh) and the icing by itself was ridiculously sweet.  The combination of cake and icing was pretty good but it wasn't anything to write home about.  Of the 6, I preferred the Grasshopper and the Spumoni.In regards to service, the girl at the counter was pretty cool.  She was helpful with the flavor selections and pleasant when I presented my coupon.  If I had to pay full price for these I would have been even more disappointed, but luckily I didn't.  I probably won't go back, though - not unless they do some major make-overs on the cupcakes!
4	I don't get what the hate-on is from everyone about the amount of frosting! Okay, so I have a sweet-tooth and am totally destined for diabeetus, but DAMN I loves me some frosting. So take this review with a grain of sugar (er, salt)--but I couldn't stop buying these. Part of that problem may have been because I was stuck at the Palms Casino for 3 nights for about 8 hours each time for the Matador 21, and I was suffering from a cold. I started becoming delusional between sets. "Ah," I'd think, "it's fun watching this music, but I could really use some chocolate and sugar." And then I'd use up all my energy bobbing my head with the bands and by 2 am I PROBABLY should have taken some advil, but the Midnight Magic (chocolate chocolate and more chocolate) seemed like a better choice. And it was. Was it worth $5 (fuck you, the Palms casino pricing)? No. Hell no. But for my purposes at the tail end of my vacation, and for putting up with a shitload of entitlement-issue Jersey Shore-types and my headache, I was willing to shell it out. Cupcakes are fine--cake was dense and moist enough, and the icing was fine (and sugar-laden) and there were some exciting flavors (I also tried the candied sweet potato pie)--overall, probably just fine. Worth trying, definitely on the upper end of my 'Big List o' Cupcakes'.
4	I came here after my Hawaiian Dinner and not far away from the Maryland Parkway Plaza.The area is not the greatest being located on Tropicana Ave and Maryland Parkway (east from the Las Vegas Blvd-strip). The cupcake place would do much better near the Las Vegas Blvd-strip. Nevertheless, this is a cute place.Half the selections were gone, with whatever cupcakes remaining yelling, "Take me, Matt...Take me!" http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-SpT8Tyz2R45zSw1AIUimQ?select=U8gx_NwLa-qMFw4-m7bpwgWith whatever is left after 5pm, I had to choose one, which is the Spumoni cupcake. The helpful-girl saying, "this is one of my favorites, too!" (Like I believed her)For $3.50, this cute cupcake is a red color cupcake with mountain-size frosting and a cute Maraschino Cherry on top. Amazingly at 5:30pm and the first bite, I was shocked the cupcake was still very moist. Cupcakes would taste a lot better earlier in the day. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-SpT8Tyz2R45zSw1AIUimQ?select=Fvr_z1QULyMeKaijpwyEcAMy first cupcake in a while, and I enjoyed it too.I wish the franchise will succeed and move to a better location in Las Vegas, or maybe San Francisco (?)
2	I was in the neighborhood so I decided to swing in for a cupcake. The shop itself is adorable, cute colors and the cupcakes looked lovely. Gigi REALLY needs to cut back on the frosting though... I have a huge sweet tooth and the frosting was overkill even for me, there is as much frosting on top of the cupcake as there is cupcake!  One cupcake was $3.50 which I think is a little pricey. The red velvet was very moist and the vanilla filling was an unexpected, tasty treat. Due to the massive amount of frosting I found the cupcake really difficult to eat and messy, which cupcakes shouldn't be. Leave off an inch of frosting and knock the price down a little and I would gladly give Gigi's another star but right now, I can't...
3	Sweet cake in a cup. What's a girl to do? Like a mini birthday cake to me, too small to eat but good to the last bite. Actually that's two bites for me. Cupcakes will do for me what chocolate can. Except it is sweet and always comes with a frosting. This little bakeshop is one of 31 franchise corporate chains of cupcakes locations in the U.S. This cupcake bakeshop open Mondays to Saturdays 8a.m.-8p.m. Different Cupcake Flavors are featured each day of the week. The Cupcakes are called names so temptingly you may find a new favorite for each day of the week. A "Cupcake Menu" to refer from to pick one or two, or three or more. I like the "Spumoni"  which is baked on Mondays. "Banana Cream Pie" on Tuesdays. "Hunka Chunka Banana Love" is available on Saturdays or Sundays. Cupcakes are on the cupcake shelf ready to purchase for $3.50 and packaged in a cute, green colored box. Approximately 3 inches tall pretty-looking cupcakes are baked daily or you can pre-order ahead of time online, by phone or by fax. Yes, it is "a minute on the lips is a lifetime on the hips" but  what's life if there's nothing sweet? Sweeet!
1	It upsets me to give a 1 star to a place that caters to cupcakes.. I'm upsetting myself and I wish i could like Gigi's cupcakes, but they just aren't my thing. I tried a few of those around me: a strawberry, a coconut concoction... and the reoccurring theme was the 7:1 frosting to cupcake ratio. With a sad non-star (but should be the star) of the show dry, crumbly, boring cake. Sorry, but butter cream doesn't brighten my day like it does for a 7 year old, but I never even liked butter cream then. So... among my observations, I decided it best I order the popular red velvet... if I'm going to get a load-ton of frosting, I'd like it to be cream cheese. UGHH?! I though I got the wrong cake when I got into my this-is-why-these-cupcakes-cost-$3.50-a-piece-box. Butter cream frosting and red sprinkles do not make this okay for the replacement of cream cheese! And yes, I know red velvet is made with cocoa powder... but not enough to turn the cake to actual chocolate cake.. My cake was more so chocolate purple-y in color.. and I guess in flavor too.. (i don't know what that tastes like either)To my disappointment I got a chocolate and frosting cupcake in a box when I initially ordered Red Velvet... So to my samples of the previous, and to my own, I ate about an entire HALF cupcake and a quarter of the frosting because I was turned off... :[ Wamp wamp, oh well..... I'll just head to Albertson's next time.
3	This is a hard one to review. If you're going to Gigi's looking for the best tasting cupcakes around - keep looking elsewhere.  But if you're looking for a super cute cupcake to give to someone as a gift? I think Gigi's makes the cutest cupcakes ever.  Yes, as all of the other reviewers have said, they have WAY too much icing on them but they are so stinkin CUTE!  Each one is gigantic and they are decorated with all kinds of flare - candies and fun stuff. And the packaging is divine. Super trendy and chic. You'll really make someone's day giving them one ... even if they have to chop off the 6 inches of frosting before they can actually eat.
3	Despite sub-par reviews, I decided to give this place a try. Cupcake places are always overpriced, so I avoid them, but I had a coupon, so why not? Hooray for being cheap. I went in Gigi's late one afternoon, and by that time, most of the cupcakes were gone. I had about 5 flavors to choose from, so I had a chocolated salted caramel cupcake and the pumpkin cream cupcake. I am probably the only one I know that likes heaping helpings of frosting, so the terrible frosting-to-cupcake ratio was a-ok with me. The pumpkin cream cupcake was awesome. The cupcake was moist and the frosting was addicting.. The other one.. well, I won't speak about it.On a side note, the packaging is adorable!I am going to try and go earlier next time to get the more popular cupcakes. I'll give this place another chance.
4	The best cupcake bakery in Vegas.  Went there in the early afternoon and all the selections were still available.  Service was prompt and friendly even though I was using a coupon. Cupcakes were delicious.  Yes they do put a lot of frosting on the cupcake, but it's easy to remove the excess.
5	I take my son here every so often as a treat for being good. My husband and son love Gigi's cupcake soo much. And i do have to admit i love them very very much :)The employee's are very sweet and you feel welcome.
1	Gigi's is a belly ache in a pretty little box! Ugh. At $3.50 a cupcake I will never be going here again. The chocolate cake part was enjoyable with chocolate chunks, but the mountain of overly sweet butter cream frosting was unnecessary. The fact that my stomach feels as if there is an alien with ADD break dancing inside of it is reason enough for me to deny this shop my love. Thank you Gigi's Crapcakes!!!
5	Once we decided to have our wedding in Vegas I knew EXACTLY who would be providing the cupcakes - GIGI's! I'd tried their delectable little cakes on a previous trip and loved them. Now, cupcakes are a very personal thing. These babies have a VERY high frosting to cake ratio. Because of that we decided to go with the minis for the wedding. Guests LOVED them. People were raving.
2	This place is one of the absolute worse cupcakes shops I've been to.Honestly, WAY too much frosting. The amount of frosting is bigger than the actual cupcake itself. And the cake has no special taste to it either. I've tried about 3 cupcakes on 3 different visits just to see if they would taste better, but unfortunately none of them impressed me. After taking a bite of each cupcake, I ask myself "why the heck did I waste my money on this again?!"Red Velvet- once again a TON of frosting with some weird filling. It would have been a pretty standard red velvet, but there was some nasty filling that totally messed it up. Honestly, how can you mess up red velvet?!I wonder if other Gigi's locations in other states have better tasting cupcakes because if they are the same as this one, how did they become a chain shop across the country?!I would give them 1 star, but they deserve some credit. 1 star for the nicely decorated interior and another 1 for making their cupcakes look presentable.
5	Great cupcakes. Price ok
1	Great sounding flavors but nothing too special. This isnt the best spot that I can think of. I can think of others. There cupcakes aren't too horribly priced. They are about $3.50 each. Some places back at home, their cupcakes are $4+. A dozen will run you $36. There is too much frosting on these babies. Cake is what I'm looking for when I bite into one of these delectable treats. Frosting is what my mouth was full of. It's also too sweet. These weren't horrible but they weren't in my GOOD category either. They were just ok.
4	Personally, I like Gigi's. I'm honestly kinda surprised at all their 1-star ratings. Is it thee BEST cupcake place in Vegas? Maybe not. Is it the worst? Definitely not in my book.The place is cute, workers are friendly, flavors very creative and the cupcakes are adorable to look at. Some flavors I would not try again and some, I love. But that's with every cupcake place. Kentucky Bourbon Pie is my personal favorite.YES, their cupcakes have a LOT of frosting. Does that bother me? No. I eat my cupcakes with a fork and I just don't eat all of the frosting. No big deal to me. I'd rather have too much than too little. But hey, to each their own I guess...
2	The hubby and I decided to try this place because it was right next to Raising Cane's. (Actually, I was the one who decided to try this place because the word "cupcake" suckered me in.)First, it is a very cute concept. I give that half a star. Second, I think the cupcakes are cute and well decorated. That's another half star. For flavor, I give it one whole  star. Not bad, but honestly, I've had better. I guess I used to be a icing fan a long time ago and if I was, maybe I'd give it another star, because it seems like there was more icing than cupcake!! I've tried Retro Bakery, Caked and the Cupcakery and I liked Caked the best. I ended up buying three cupcakes at $3.50 each. I guess it was worth a try but I think I'll try someplace else for my cravings for delicious confections!!
5	I usually hate cupcakes from the little cupcake stores. I WANT to like them because I think the idea is so fun and cute . I LOVED the cupcakes here. they are moist and good and the flavor selection can not be beat. I would never buy my cute cupcakes from anywhere else. i really think these are by far the best! In fact, I will be there tomorrow picking up a dozen :) yummy
5	I'm really surprised in all the bad reviews Gigi's has gotten!!! Ok, so I get the overwhelming supply of frosting is an issue...but price??? IT'S A CUPCAKE STORE!!!! THAT IS THEIR MAIN FORTE!!!! yes they offer 50% off merch and some beverages....but honestly, cupcakes are their bread n butter!!! I think the prices are fair...I bought one and was not even taxed!! No complaining here :) The taste of the cupcake was fantastic...(I got the princess :)) The decor of the shop was cute, and the staff was helpful and cheerful!!! I would def go back to enjoy a sweet treat :)
3	Tried the champagne, vanilla, and caramel cupcakes. They're really cute and well decorated. They give a generous pile of icing on top of every cupcake but beware because I believe these cupcakes are made for those with the sweetest sweet tooth's. If they didn't use so much sugar i'd probably give them more stars.
4	Gigi's is an adorable little shop and it has a great small business feel, but they really deliver great results!They have a great variety of cupcake flavors and they are decorated very cute! I have purchased 1 as a treat to share with my 3 year old and she was delighted with the colors of the "Birthday Surprise" cupcake as well as the sprinkles. The "Miss Princess" cupcake was a hit too!These cupcakes do have A LOT of frosting, but I don't consider that a bad thing, especially since it's about on par with other cupcake places in town. I also bought a half dozen for my dad's birthday and everyone in the family was pleased.
2	While it was my last day in Las Vegas, i said, i have to try a cupcake place. The cupcake place that people said to go were Caked and The Cupcakery. Both were far away from the Olive garden we ate at. Yelp had tons of mixed reviews of GiGi's cupcakes but I said to my self, you can't mess up a cupcake.So we find it and it was easy to spot for the sign is very clear.We get inside and the place looks wonderful, very welcoming and nice decor etc. I asked what was their most popular and the Rommie i think it was suggested the Red Velvet but his personal favorite was The strawberry shortcake i think?We purchase it and take it back to our hotel and i give one of two that I order to my friend Traci who it was her Birthday. As i bite into mines, i didn't like what i tasted it. The frosting wasn't cream cheese which is a no no to me. Your red velvet should always be a cream cheese frosting.After biting more into it, I don't like the taste of the cake it self too. It tasted very artificial. Not very good in my opinion.The frosting though is what very much killed it for me. It tasted like it came out of a tub that the super markets get. I remember tasting the same exact frosting from the super market chain QFC in Seattle.I can almost guarantee with no doubt its the same exact frosting. Sorry GiGi, not a fan of your cupcakes. good try but not for me.
4	I've been to Gigi's a bunch of times. I can say with certainty that I have 5 pounds of their cupcakes on my body. They are pretty darn good! Their cupcakes are bigger than Cupcakery's or Retro's and cost $3.50 a pop. Ouch! Try to catch a Groupon or buy a voucher on Radio Shopping Network.I will agree that there's way too much frosting, but I just wipe off the excess. The cakes are moist, which the exception of Kentucky Bourbon and Southern Comfort. Maybe because they have nuts? They have a bunch of funky flavors like Cherry Limeade and Margarita, but they work.My favs are the strawberry shortcake/miss princess, cherry limeade, chocolate cream pie and champagne. I've tried a lot of them. All amazing except Italian Wedding Cake. Too much coconut.In short, try this place!
4	Love their cupcakes.  The frosting and cake is perfection!
4	I love GiGi's!I've only tried a handful of flavors but I go every occasion to do something special for people.First of all the cakes themselves aren't that great.The cake to frosting ratio is intense-heavy on the frosting.I see this as a special occasion place. $3.50 for one cup cake then $3.00 each when you get at least 12.Versus the cupcakery.. I only go here more since it's so central.I'd suggest getting the mini cup cake trays.You can special order them and have little tastes of multiple flavors for about $22 bucks.There's a couple of seats and the staff is really nice.Also they have seasonal flavors that change daily and I know they bake daily since my friend works there.
5	I don't understand the less than perfect reviews.  This cute, little shop is clean and the staff was welcoming.  I purchased four cupcakes and they were moist and delicious.  The frosting was fluffy and there wasn't too much or to little.  I will surely visit again when I'm in town.
4	Super pretty! Great flavor combinations. A little spendy as a walk in, walk out purchase, but is over the top delightful, never fails to wow and make a special moment.Lots of frosting. Beware!  Wish they had whipped cream frostings, that would be 5 *s!
2	the cupcakes were yummy!!!  the only gripe i have is the service.  I believe the lady that helped us was named Kristen.  we looked over the cupcake menu and asked how the southern comfort cupcake tastes.  she repeated word for word what was printed on the menu.  i know how to read, i asked how it tasted, duh?  this was our first time here, so we weren't familiar with what was good, or which tastes best.  she should have asked us if this is our first time here or help us out in a better way.  after signing the payment slip, i said thank-you.  i was waiting for a your welcome or something, but no response.  maybe Kristen was pissed off caused  i didn't leave a tip.  why should I leave a tip, she didn't deserve it from the service she gave us.  unfortunately, we will not return to your establishment.  good luck...
5	These cupcakes are out of sight.  The frosting isn't too heavy, and the flavors are interesting without being strange.  Highly recommended, especially for those working in Hughes center and who need a break.
5	Ever since Cupcake Lane closed, I've been looking for the next cupcake place I could go to for my sweet tooth and I finally found it! As a non-local took me some time to find it but it's in the Target shopping center along Flamingo next to a T-Mobile and a Cane's.Luckily, I had a group of co-workers with me so I ended up splurging on a whole dozen, getting one of each of the flavors for that day (flavors change every day so check the site!). We got the following: Cherry Limeade, Chocolate Cream Pie, Chocolate Malt, Coconut Cream Pie, Flower Power, Hunka Chunka Banana Love, Italian Cream Wedding Cake, Lemon Icebox, Midnight Madness Chocolate Chip, Las Vegas Wedding Cake, Scarlett's Red Velvet, and White Midnight Madness. (hey, no judging!)Here is a summary of the ones I tried:- Cherry Limeade: light cupcake and a nice, not too overpoweringly lime frosting. what really makes this cake is the coarse sugar crystals around the cupcake!- Hunka Chunka Banana Love: a must try if you like banana nut muffins and chocolate. chock full of nuts and chocolate chips with a texture between a muffin and a cupcake.- Midnight Madness: how can make a chocolate cupcake filled with chocolate chips better? by topping it with chocolate icing. this was a little bit too much chocolate for me but if that is what you're craving, this will definitely fit the bill- White Midnight Madness: to me the better of the two midnight madnesses (also the consensus of a few of my other coworkers). with how chocolatey the cupcake is, the light frosting really balanced it out nicely.- Las Vegas Wedding Cake (said to be the same as Flower Power and the Wedding Cake, just different toppings): one of the best white cupcakes I have ever had. Just fluffy deliciousness that was not too sweet, super moist with a light frosting to complete the cupcake. (I think the Wedding Cake might be a better alternative because it has all the sprinkles on it, will have to try and get back to you)- Scarlett's Red Velvet: a delicious red velvet cupcake. personally would have liked the frosting to have a little more cream cheese punch but did have a little of that flavor. I still stand by Nothing Bundt Cake but one of my co-workers felt otherwise.Ok, well by this time, I really could not eat a single bite more (what did I say about judging??? Just kidding :P). in summary, beautiful presentation, large light and moist cupcakes, not skimpy on the ingredients nor the frosting but the frosting is so light and not overpoweringly sweet that it makes it ok to have that much frosting (though I still stand by the Cupcake Lane frosting as the best frosting).til next time! happy eating!
5	Gigi's Cupcakes are great!  My husband and I stopped one day to get 1/2 dozen for my daughter to take to her grandparents.  We got a 1/2 dozen of birthday cake for them.  My husband go the wedding cake and I got a chocolate one (devil's food cake and cream cheese frosting).  The cake was super light and the ratio of frosting to cake was 1:1.  We love frosting so this was a huge bonus to us!  I have been dreaming of cupcakes since our stop.  We will be back again, and again.  PS:  the grandparents and kids thought these were super moist and have placed their requests for the next order.
1	I love cupcakes and since my birthday was around the corner I decide to try this shop out. Let's just say that Gigi Cupcakes = NASTYI don't know what was put in those 3 cupcakes that I had. But I sick  for two days, plus a sugar high with all that frosting. I ordered Carrot cake, Caramel sugar mama, Cherry limeade, Italian cream wedding cake, Red velvet, and Strawberry shortcake.Caramel sugar mama was ok- I had that for breakfast- way too much icing and it was too big to eatRed velvet- cream cheese icing was good but way to much icing, the red velvet tasted like Duncan Hines and then they put some nasty red filling inside it. (Hell white sauce tastes better then that).Cherry limeade- it tasted nothing like the 99cent minute maid I get from Wally-world.Good thing I'm not in Ca because I'm sure that the other three cupcakes that I threw in the trash, the dumpster divers wouldn't have ate it.***Gigi needs major improvement when it comes to cupcakes-They need to get help/tips from other bakeriesSN-They need to make mini cupcakes-jumbo cupcakes are a no-no I'm sure this one will get flag or deleted like the first one
5	I don't understand the mixed review but my experience was hands down the BEST cupcakes EVER! I had the Merry Margarita and Peanut Butter Chocolate. Frosting was light and not too sweet, just right. And cake was super moist and flavorful. Plus since it was after 7:00PM, you buy one get one free! So $3.50 for two!! Plus I've noticed that they sell Gigi's cupcakes EVERYWHERE in the hotels too. Maybe it's like Sprinkles, people might not like the hype, or it's not consistent.
4	I haven't tried many cupcake places, but this was pretty good.  The buttercream frosting was yummy.
5	Scrumptious. So many flavors, so little time...
5	I've been a Gigi's fan for years, used to live in Nashville and Gigi's was a weekly treat. I was thrilled to hear they were in Vegas as I've been in CA for a year and no Gigi's. This location was off the beaten path but everything was as it should be the store was clean and fresh, the gal working there was friendly but most of all the cupcakes were just as remembered. Fantastic!
1	I love cupcakes and was super excited when I saw the Groupon for Gigi's. I even checked out the website and loved the history of the place. My hubby and I planned a special trip over to UNLV just to get them. On the way I saw that Groupon had a daily special,  6 for $4 and I grabbed it. The shop is darling and the cupcakes look beautiful, with an almost equal ratio of frosting to cake. We picked out six, got to the car and decided to half one. OMG. I looked around for the video camera cause I was sure I was getting Punked! The frosting tasted like sugary wax, with a cardboard after taste. I even blew my nose thinking it must be my sense of taste and smell. I look over at my husband and he looks ready to barf. The cake was flavorless and dry as well. The cupcake that had a "cream cheese" frosting tasted nothing like any cream cheese I've had before. Not to mention the frosting had developed a crust, which only happens with old cupcakes (we were there at 10am!!). Sampling a few more, I realized they were all disgusting and tasted the same. I was so disappointed. A few weeks later I used my other Groupon and gave them another shot. I even asked the lady behind the counter if these were freshly made cupcakes. Before the question was even completely out of my mouth she lipped off at me snidely and said "Yes, they are made here" in a very condescending way. Did I mention the first trip I made, the girl behind the counter had the personality of a wet mop and seemed pissed we were there? Both women both times were not what one expects working in a bakery. Bottom line: Gigi's cupcakes are gross. Do yourself a favor and check out The Cupcakery. I've been going there years and have NEVER been disappointed. Even Smith's or Albertsons do a better job with cupcakes. But for those of you that like frosting that tastes like it's made with decade old Crisco and cake that wouldn't get a D- in home ec., then Gigi's is for you.
4	If you are looking for diabetes with sprinkles on top,  this is your kind of place. The cupcakes are good. I like some flavors better than others; some of the interesting varieties are not as well executed as they could be. They are all super sweet and teeming with frosting. I am no cupcake snob (?), but Gigi's is close to my office and hits the spot after one of "those days" at work. My waistline wishes I had a less stressful job.The flavors change daily and I recommend calling first - even when you place your order in advance online, they don't always have all of the daily choices in stock. I've looked forward to a particular offering only to find they didn't actually have any that day. The price per cupcake, $3.50 per, is high but seems to be on par for the type of establishment.
4	Ok so this is gonna be a weird review because I got some complaints, but yet they get 4 stars. Gigi's is a little shop across from UNLV next to raising canes.  I was in around 6 pm and chose 3 cupcakes.  They have daily flavors that I think are the same on each day. I had no idea what time they closed, but I don't know many bakeries that stay open past 5 so I figured with all the cupcakes in the case I'd try the ol' end of day buy 3 get 1 free? inquiry  to no avail.  Apparently they are open til 8 pm and after 7 it's BOGO on whatever they have left.  Ok well ya don't wanna hook a first timer up near the end of the day whateva :P  So anyway my 3 cupcakes came out to a hefty 10.50.  Yep, for the price of what it costs to feed a child in the 3rd world for like 2 weeks, I got 3 :cough: cupcakes.  SOOOOOOO yea, lets see what I tried.First choice.  Banana something or other This cupcake is a banana and chocolate chip cupcake topped with banana frosting with a little chocolate top.  The cupcake itself is excellent.  Unfortunately the cupcake was about 2.5 inches tall and the frosting was about 3 inches tall. This makes a bite of this cupcake unbearably sweet, and I have quite a sweet tooth. HOWEVER, both the cupcake and the frosting taste really good, so I didn't mind so much.  I'd just rather have half as much frosting and maybe pay like 2.50 for a cupcake :PSecond choice.  Chocolate midnight chocolate chocolate monster chocolate (something like that)Next we have a chocolate cupcake, with chocolate frosting and chocolate chips and chocolate in chocolate on top of chocolate.  So you kinda get the point, yea?  Again the cake was tasty, the frosting was abundant, but tasty as well. I would be happy without the towering amount of frosting again, but I would get this one again because I love chocolate.Third choice.  Southern ComfortHow could I not get a cupcake named after one of my favorite drinks. This is my favorite of the 3. I have no idea what is in it exactly, but I'd guess pecans, maybe cinnamon, with some kind of a brown sugar vanilla cupcake topped with some kind of caramel frosting.  The best thing about this cupcake is that the frosting is not a towering monstrosity but instead just a flat spread which makes this cupcake almost look "not worth it" in comparison. But you can actually take a bite and sort of enjoy a flavor without just a rush of sugary frostying destroying your senses. So thats about it for Gigi's. I really don't like the amount of frosting on the cupcakes, but I can't fault them too much because it does taste good. Definitely still second to Retro in terms of flavor and construction, but not a bad substitute if you can't make it all the way out to Centennial.
2	I really wanted to love these cupcakes but I just couldnt. At 3.50 per  cupcake I want a great cupcake,these were OK. Lots of frosting doesnt make a cupcake great. The cake part should be flavorful as well as the frosting. If you didnt know what kind you were eating all the cake part would taste the same. I bought six of them and none on the cake had any  real flavor. The frosting looked great and was plentiful but once again weak on flavor. I wont go back.
4	I actually enjoy Gigi's cupcakes, some flavor more than others, but overall, I would eat them again.  My favorite so far is the cherry limemade, birthday surprise, and salted butter caramel flavor.  Honestly, I like buttercream, so as long as the cake is moist and is topped with fresh buttercream, I am delighted.  However, there was a buttercream cupcake that I did not enjoy, and it was the flower power.  Such a sad cupcake.  There was too much food coloring or something in that buttercream to make it look like a flower, so it tasted bitter.  That ruined the cupcake for me.Other than that, I do like Gigi's, and would definitely come  back to try other cupcakes.
3	I bought a "grasshopper" (mint chocolate flavor) cupcake from their new location inside the Plaza Hotel.  It was very fancy and pretty to look at.  It was served in a small box that looked like a decorated gift box.  The cupcake had nice flavor, but it was mostly frosting piped high on top of a small cake.  I enjoyed it, but it wasn't anything spectacular as far as eating it goes.  It was more of a novelty than anything else.
5	I cant not tell you how good these cup cakes were! They were soooo good! Located inside of the plaza hotel right by the valet you can not miss it. Being a vegas local also gets you a great deal on these cup cakes. The staff here is super friendly and always give you there recommendations for the day. But on my take there all really good! If your ever in the plaza hotel be sure to stop in for these cup cakes you wont regret it! Youll regret it if you miss it!
3	Some of these reviews crack me up.  I'll never complain about too much frosting!  Cute store with some pretty unique flavors but we didn't want anything crazy the day we were there.  We got a "Birthday Surprise" which was a white cupcake with pink frosting and the chocolate midnight something.  Both were moist and better than your average cupcake.  But it's nothing worth writing home about and can't beat Nothing Bundt Cakes if you're looking at everything overall.   This meaning price, sugar satisfaction and the chances of actually purchasing another one immediately after devouring the first.  It might be fun to purchase a mixed dozen for a small get together, even just for the conversation over the novelty flavors.
5	THE BEST CUPCAKES EVER!!!! This place is the best cupcake place I ever went to! The frosting was not dry, the decor was admiring, AND the cake was splendid! The only thing that bothered me is that there is too much icing on the cake.... More than the cake. So... Yeah. But other than that, GIGI'S CUPCAKES ARE THE BEST!!!!!
5	Gigi's Cupcakes are soooooo much better than any other cupcake I have tasted at other cupcake shops and are EXACTLY the kind I like with rich buttercream frosting. There are tons of flavors and they are adorable! They are on Flamingo just west if Maryland Pkwy. You've GOT to check them out!! They aren't cheap at $3.50 each or $36 for a dozen, however they are worth every penny!  I have found MY cupcake shop!
5	I've had many cupcakes before including Sprinkles & Crumbs Cupcakes in Beverly Hills, Yummy Cupcakes in Santa Monica & various others on a trip around L.A. where a friend & I decided to find the best cupcakes in the city for fun girls day out, most of them costing $5 or more each. It's not until one year later living out here in Vegas now that I find Gigi's cupcakes that just blew all of those cupcake places out of the water!!!.  The best ever cupcakes. I've tried six already in three days with my roommate helping me.Lemon Dream Supreme, Wedding Cake, Texas Milk Chocolate, Raspberries & Cream, & V - Day Special. The only one I don't recommend is the Hot Chocolate Mama, which took me by surprise because it is a chocolate cupcake flavored by hot peppers ( and It's hot!!! & Spicy) The price is more than reasonable considering the quality & flavor, grocery stores charge more for way worse products & old frosting that taste stale. Better to choose quality over quantity any day!!!
4	I'm a yelp star snob.  When I see a lot of mixed user reviews and a less-than-4* rating for an establishment, I'm hesitant to try said establishment.  After all, my time is important to me and my money even more so....That said, I needed to bring something dessert-y to a dinner party.  Where?  After a quick search, I learned that there is a cupcake shop close to UNLV (where I work).  Gigi's is fairly easy to find and has a lot of parking, as it's right in the huge Target complex on the NW corner of Flamingo and Maryland Parkway.The smell of buttercream hits you as you enter the shop.  Lovely!  I chose to buy one dozen cupcakes (I decided to get one cupcake/flavour).  The cupcakes looked beautiful and the amount of buttercream was at least as high as each cupcake itself.  Not that that is a problem for ME!  (For other folks, just scrape off the buttercream tower.)  The cupcakes were all large enough to be cut into quarters, allowing partygoers to sample several flavours.  I found the cake itself to be moist and flavourful; I tried the lemon dream supreme, Texas milk chocolate, and the red velvet and all were quite good.The cupcakes aren't cheap; you will pay $3.50/cupcake or $3/cupcake if you buy a dozen.  You can sign up for the Gigi's loyalty card and earn points for each purchase.  I did, and with my purchase of 12 cupcakes, I've already earned 36 points (50 points gets you a $5 credit).  When you register your Gigi card online, you get a bonus $5 credit.I'm excited -- and scared! -- of this place being so close to work!!  ;)
2	I was in the area and excited about going to Gigi's Cupcakes because I haven't eaten any good cupcakes for a long time. When I walked in, there was no other customers or employees in the shop. I took a few minutes to browse the selection in their glass case.  When I was ready to order, there was still no employee in sight! Then, I walked to the register and realized that there was a sign that said "Please ring bell for assistance." LOL. I guess they don't have any cameras in the shop? The woman who helped me was very polite, but didn't seem to be enjoying her job. I ordered 4 cupcakes: Banana Cream Pie, Birthday Surprise, White Midnight Magic and the Las Vegas Wedding Cake. Unfortunately, I didn't enjoy any of them. The cake itself was very moist, but it lacked any flavor at all. Even the dark chocolate cake didn't taste like chocolate. The two inches of frosting on each cupcake wasn't very exciting either. The frosting on the Banana Cream Pie cupcake was the only one that I could tolerate, and probably the only one that could save its flavorless cake! But other than that, the other three were very bland. I hate wasting food, but I just could not eat most of it. :(I received one cupcake for free, so I paid $10.50. About a month ago, I went to their website and signed up for the Loyalty Club. For my birthday, they emailed me a coupon for one free cupcake. Overall, I was disappointed with these cupcakes that were nicely decorated and looked so good! I'm glad I finally tried Gigi's, but I won't be back.
5	Finally!  Someone who KNOWS how to make a cupcake.  The icing is as tall as the cake itself and for an icing freak like myself, this is an irresistable factor and has been largely ignored by the couture cupcake world in the past lol.  Thank you Gigi!  But not only is the icing incredible, the cake itself is moist, tasty, and thick and rich.  It's $3.50, but worth every penny - you're basically eating a meal.  Since many pastries at Starbucks are $3.50 and above and aren't nearly as fresh or fun, this is a special treat.  Plus a 1/2 dozen or dozen of them is the perfect hostess gift for any party.  Everyone raves and you come off like the cat's meow.  Win win win.  I think the photos listed here on Yelp should highlight the frosting tower though :).
2	I like the cake part of these cupcakes, but the frosty is pretty gross. I was so excited to bite into this gorgeous, delicious looking cupcake I got for my birthday and my face was almost sour looking. The frosting is like a sugary paste. It tasted nothing like real frosting. I was a bit disappointed. I ate the bottom part, but threw the rest out. I doubt I will go there. I mean the box was cute, but I have had way better.
3	Cupcakes can sometimes be a little dry and if you have a serious sweet tooth, you can handle all the frosting.  I usually throw away at least half of the frosting.  I feel bad because it's such a waste!  I have gone about three times and each time I tried a different flavor.  The variety is great.
1	On entering we were greeted by the owner of this franchise location.  We selected Texas Milk Chocolate and Midnight Magic cupcakes that were consumed mid-afternoon with glasses of milk. The cakes were on the dry side and the frosting on each was excessive and overly sweet. A 1.5 rating is most appropriate.
1	Decor & Presentation: 4 STARSFRIENDLY AND KNOWLEDGEABLE CUSTOMER SERVICE: 3 starsTASTE of cupcakes: 1 STAR(0 stars if I could! why force yourself to eat a cupcake when it taste like it was bought from the GROCERY STORE?)Stay away from this place! Don't let the pretty exterior of this store fool you!Ughh...I AM NOT a big fan of  GROCERY STORE BOUGHT CUPCAKES and that's EXACTLY THE WAY THEY TASTE! If you like DRY cupcakes and HARD, OVERLY SWEET frosting, then you'll like this place. However if you can appreciate QUALITY, texture and taste then STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE! If you're looking for a moist cupcake and soft creamy frosting that will just melt in your mouth, this is definitely NOT a place you want to try out because I've already given you the scoop.I've tried many many cupcake places so I think I know a thing or two about what good qualities go into a kick-ass cupcake and this place was just a huge disappointment. You would think from how wonderful the store is set up that the cupcakes would reflect some goodness...but NO! The cupcakes are just awful :( So awful, I COULDN'T EVEN FINISH ONE CUPCAKE of the box of four my mother had bought me for my birthday. I picked out all the flavors but I didn't like any. I felt so bad I had to throw them in the trash. I took two bites of each cupcake, FORCED myself on the second bite just to see if it would get any better, but it just tasted worse!At first I thought it was just one cupcake that was bad, but then I tried the other 3 and they were ALL just:      Toooo dry,      Possibly too much refined sugar,      Too much artificial ingredients,     Did NOT have that good old HOME BAKED taste,      Tasted like a larger version of cupcakes from the GROCERY store! Stale, hard, OVERLY SWEET frosting and dry cake. All things I definitely don't yearn for when biting into a cupcake. Maybe their cupcakes stay out in that case too long? I don't know but even the formula of the recipe needs to be tweaked or something. Cake is bad, frosting's bad. The nuts and decorations that dressed it up tasted better than the actual cake. Also, what's up with the excessive amount of frosting on top of the cake? Almost piled higher than the cake itself! They seriously put unnecessary large amount of frosting that ended up being tossed in the trash anyway, along with the dry cupcake!Honestly, we could have used the money spent here for gambling money! There's soooo many other decadent places worth visiting than this one, save yourself the trip!
2	We stopped in here on our way out of the Plaza. i must say the girl behind the counter was incredibly friendly and nice. She was a delight in todays bad service world. But it was late and the cupcakes were very stale and dried out. Seems if they can't keep them fresh they should close earlier. I was sad I ate all those carbs and fat for a disappointing experience.
1	They may have good cakes but I will never know.Advertised on groupon where it says voucher is ALWAYS redeemable even after the promotional value has expired.  Owner will not acknowledge voucher for its face value even when I repeatedly told him about the groupon clause.There are a lot of cupcake bakeshops in town.  Will not patronize a business that does bad business practice.
4	I came in here on Wednesday needing 15 cupcakes and fast for an office celebration.They have flavors of the day and they are all out in the case right in front. (So for all the haters- you can see all of the frosting before you buy and before you eat.  Feel free to scrape it off, ya know?)The Wednesday flavors are:- Champagne- Hot Fudge Sundae- Hummingbird- Merry Margarita- Midnight Magic- Lemon Poppy Seed- Southern Comfort- Texas Milk Chocolate- Wedding Cake- White Chocolate Raspberry Frappe- White Midnight MagicSo I ordered one of each, plus a few extra.Total: $45.00.Everyone really liked the cupcakes.  In fact, whichever one I brought home for my husband (I thought was wedding cake, with raspberries in the middle??  I didn't think it was the Frappe, but maybe?) he said was the best cupcake he ever had!
2	First off, let me just say that I normally don't write poor reviews...unfortunatly, this will be one for the books. If you want your customer volume to rise and profits to increase...put an add on groupon right? Wrong! Bought the add on groupon and was so excited to stuff my face with cupcakes. Little did we know that the employees were highly offend by our "cheapness." The woman behind the counter filled our box with 12 wonderful looking cupcakes and was ready to ring us up for probably a hefty charge. We handed her our groupon ads with excitement feeling that we had contributed to their business but the woman's attitude instantly changed. She snatched the papers out of our hands in disgust and practically shoved the box at us. If I'm not mistaken, we paid for these through YOUR add!! My point obviously being that the service was absolutely horrid! Now, if we are strictly talking about the taste...they were OK. Nothing to write home about that's for sure. I think at the end of the day the service made a rude impression and left bitter taste in our mouths.
5	THE BEST CUPCAKES EVER!!!! This place is the best cupcake place I ever went to! The frosting was not dry, the decor was admiring, AND the cake was splendid! The only thing that bothered me is that there is too much frosting on the cake.... More than the cake. So... Yeah. But other than that, GIGI'S CUPCAKES ARE THE BEST!!!!! (BTW the frosting tastes good.)
5	Gigi's has the best cupcakes.  Definitely not something for everyday - but oh so good every once in a while.  Loved the chocolate chip cookie dough and my husband got the midnight magic chocolate chip and also thought it was wonderful.The cupcake was fresh and the frosting rich and delicious.My only complaint is that there is more frosting than cupcake!  But you can scrape off the extra frosting if it is too much.
5	Delicious says it all! I have read some bad reviews about this place but, I honestly don't understand what fuss the is about. The store was cute and filled with super cute cupcakes. The flavors here were great. The wedding cake and champagne are a must! A lot of their cupcakes have butter-cream icing which is a huge plus in my book.They do have cupcakes with cream cheese for cream cheese fans. Believe me these cupcakes have more than enough icing on them.
1	Bleech. Seriously, bleech! I had to grab the Listerine and Pepto after eating one of their Southern Comfort cupcakes which I bought on a whim after pulling out of the Raising Cane's drive thru and I was blocked by delivery trucks. I go inside and the guy tells me 4 for $5 on the minis or $3.50 a piece on the big cupcakes. I ended up with two big cupcakes, a Texas Milk Chocolate and the Southern Comfort. The guy working the counter tells me all about how they sell to casino bakeries, how they're doing something special for the "Wicked" Broadway show coming to the Smith Center, yadda, yadda. I pay my $7 and am out the door thinking this should be good. 2 hours later I open my little green and brown box and am looking forward to my Southern Comfort. The wonderful cupcake bliss one usually gets from these kinds of cupcakes evaporated when I bite into something that's slightly softer than a brick, and tastes like it's been on the shelf for 4 days. I got through about 3 forced diehard bites before it got spit back out and it was time for the Listerine. It's been a long, long time since I've had to resort to spitting my food out and following it with a Listerine blast but today was the day. BLEECH!!!!!As for the Texas Milk Chocolate? I've snapped a picture of it but I'm not about to put it anywhere near my mouth, and I will NOT step foot back into Gigi's again. BLEECH, SPIT, BLEECH, I don't freakin think so, I wish I could get my money back. 1 Listerine bottle, oops I meant 1 Star. And now I've got an upset stomach to boot. In short, not only no, but hell no!Edit: 2 reasons: 1: I put it under the wrong location, it was the location on Flamingo at Maryland that's the problem. 2: I filed a Foodborne Illness Complaint Form with the Southern Nevada Health Department. If I put a place on my Call the Health Department list, it's because I really filed a complaint. "Your form has been successfully submitted. If further information is required, an Epidemiologist will contact you.". This is at the end of the 4 page SNHD's online form which can be found here: http://www.cchd.org/foodborne/fbi-form.php
4	Very tasty cupcakes with amazing presentation.  I ordered a dozen regular sized cupcakes and they gave me a mini.  I was astounded by the amount of attention to detail they had on all of the cupcakes.  Going first thing in the morning showed me what a happy place could be.My only issue is that i don't like icing (Just personal taste!) and they have a heaping amount on each cupcake.  I must say that despite my usual deterance to icing, the icing that Gigi's uses is very tasty!
5	these cupcakes were by far the best cupcakes I've ever had.. OMGOSH i cant wait to go back to vegas to go to GiGi's.. OR maybe i should say go to GIGI's and maybe to the strip.. i did read all the bad reviews about the customer service, but when i walked in i could see a bit of an attitude, so my hubby threw some jokes out there and everything changed. i dont care though I'm a forever costumer of this place
5	Best Cupckes in town!!!! Every time that I have a social meeting I take this cupcakes and everyboby love's them
1	First of all, they don't serve peanut butter cupcakes on Saturday. Second, I've had better, like when I make my own cupcakes. I ordered the chocolate cheesecake cup cake and it tastes like a big mess of chocolate sugar. If I concentrate, I can kind of taste the cheese that should be In the cake.
4	Excellent cupcakes, although they have a bit too much frosting.  If you're in to that sort of thing though, you're love them.  I'm waiting for them to get the cheesecake cupcakes like the other chains, but I guess they are waiting on a refrigerator to keep the cheesecake cold.  It will be a great day when that happens!
2	They say you eat with your eyes first. The presentation and decorations on the cupcakes here are quite lavish. There's a lot of frosting that goes onto each cupcake and is probably almost the same height as the cake itself. Whether it's sprinkles or chocolate chips or a sauce drizzle, you can definitely tell a lot of love goes into each cupcake because they all look so amazing. Really, it's a work of art.  Their boxes are super cute. A single cupcake goes into a box that holds the cupcake upright so it doesn't flop over and ruin the frosting. The box is a cute mint green and pink. Great touch if you're giving this as a little gift to somebody. That being said, the beautiful frosting is my least favorite part of the cupcakes. It's really overwhelming to my personal palette. Too sweet. Too frosting-y. Overshadows the cake. Speaking of cake, I think it's alright. It dries out too fast and isn't moist if you save a part of the uneaten cupcake for later. Gigi's often has deals on Groupon or Living Social for a dozen of their cupcakes. So look out for those! If you're a UNLV student, the coupon book that's available on campus has something for Gigi's.If you need a beautiful display for your coffee table or office, perhaps this is the place to go. Just don't eat it.
3	It's right across from the north side of UNLV by Cane's! How convenient for students! I usually only come about an hour before they close, that's when everything is a BOGO so they limit their waste. That's the only way it's some what worth it, otherwise it's really not. Also if you're a UNLV student and get the coupon book, they have a BOGO that's good anytime. I also believe, not sure if they still do it, give military, fire fighters, and EMT's a 50% discount. Don't forget to grab a stamp card if you frequent the place! The presentation and decoration of the cupcakes are cute, simple, and pretty. They do put a lot of frosting on the cupcakes, I usually end up taking about 3/4 of the icing off before I eat it. It's generally too sweet for me. Overall it's okay, some days are a hit and miss, where the cupcake itself is too dry and you could probably do better buying the packs at a grocery store for the same price as one cupcake from here. I still go once in a while, but I'm not really a frequent visitor.
4	I'm surprised this place isn't more highly rated!  Came here after lunch at Raising Cane's because we were in the mood for something sweet.  The shop is small with just a few tables but its bright and simple decor is very nice.  The display case showcases a large variety of cupcake flavors.  There's a menu that has a photo of each flavor, which day its available, and what it consists of.  We went on a Sunday, which is Baker's Choice day, so it's kind of a surprise which flavors are available.  We wanted to try a couple of flavors so we decided to get 4 mini cupcakes.  We chose red velvet and peanut butter cup and both were really good.  The cake was soft and moist and the frostings were rich and delicious.  I think they would have been too rich if we had tried a full-sized cupcake but the small ones were perfect!  Really hit the sweet spot.  The prices seemed average, if not cheaper, compared to other cupcake shops I've been to in the valley. There are many flavors that I still want to try.  I took the menu home with me so I know which days I can have them :)  They also have cheesecake cupcakes in their refrigerator case and I can't wait to try some of those as well.  Will be back to Gigi's when I'm in the area and my cupcake craving calls.
2	Tried the place for the second time trying to cure a sweet tooth on the way home. I should've listened to my instincts and gone home to get a bowl of ice cream. This place is quite small. The cupcake selections are interesting and playful. This place should market themselves as icing servers. There is more icing than there is cupcake. Once I plowed through the icing and got to the cupcake the disappointment just continued further. The cupcake was VERY dry and tasteless. For $3.50 a cupcake it could have been so much better!!!
3	I mentioned to the hotel staff that I was headed to the Monte Carlo's Cupcakery ( rated one of the 12 best in nation) and the desk clerk at Extended Stay said go where the locals go about a 2 block drive west to GiGi's( near Raising Cane's fab chicken strips)I got 4 small cupcakes and a big Pecan Praline cupcake to go. Then went to the Cupcakery and got a Kir Royale and a Bugsey to go. So when I got back to Laguna Beach 4 hours later... the four small cupcakes had some how melted in my mouth in delectible bites spaced out hourly on the ride back.I split the others the next day with a date...We both agreed GiGi's was by far better ingredients/taste. Pricing and packaging at both places is similar. Cupcakery has the prime location and ambiance but GiGi's does need to work on being more welcoming. Husband and wife and limited staff due to budget constraints make for long hours and tired personnel. Their product is not Carlos bakery in Hoboken NJ but I enjoyed my Friday am cupcakes from this shop.
2	Stopped by when I found out it is in the same shopping center /somewhat next door to Raising Canes'.The place is fairly small, but it looks very bubbly in personality and the smell of cupcakes is very alluring.The cupcakes are really nicely boxed and the cupcakes itself are really nice to look at. They are well decorated making me want to buy one of each.  But the pricing per cupcake is quite expensive at 3.50 per cupcake. But the icing is way too much for my taste that it somewhat over-killed the taste of the cake, because I could barely taste the cake's flavor. The icing was really sweet and the cake itself was not very moist either (coming in around 1:30PM or so).The thing that bothered me was... where is the worker/owner/cashier at? And then I realized there was a post-it that wrote 'ring to call associate' or something like that on the counter. It was the first time seeing that a customer had to ask for an associate right from entering the door. Customer service wise, it was disappointing. When the lady did come, since I never been here, I asked what she would recommend or what is most popular, and she stared at me like "What kind of question is that" and went on to say what was sold earlier in the day. I don't think that kind of question is out of norms?Shall continue on my search for other cupcake places, before coming back again.
1	Cupcakes looked so yummy and very appetizing but the flavor wasn't there. Tried the cherry limeade cupcake and it didn't taste fresh and there was hardly any flavor in the cake or frosting. Tasted like an overload of sugar and couldn't even finish eating it. Not worth the money at all... And my sister had the Carmel one and lets just say, it was so hard that she was literally had to take a sharp knife just to cut it as the butter knife wasn't strong enough.
3	Thre is such a thing as too much frosting.Cupcakes from Gigi's magically showed up in our office this morning and I was able to get past the swarm of people to grab myself one. It was a very average cupcake. Way too much frosting. This is the place to go if you have a buttercream addiction. I actually don't like buttercream at all so I took a taste and scraped the rest off. I did like the inventive flavors and pretty toppings. This is definitely a case of the food looking better than they taste. The actual cake in the cupcake was tasty. Very fluffy and flavorful.
1	When one walks into a cupcake shop they should be able to picture rainbows and bunnies and all things happy. Instead, I endured rudeness and verbal abuse and in a follow up call to the OWNER, complete lack of empathy and a general cockiness that was such an incredible turn off I will never cross their path again!     The cupcakes themselves are sub-par, too much frosting and not enough taste. Showboy Cupcakes in Anthem are a superior product, and even cupcakery on Eastern has a better prodect and much nicer staff.     I walked into GiGi's before work last Saturday with an old Groupon I was eager to redeem (for its value) and to purchase additional cupcakes for a friends birthday. I waited up front for approx 6 minutes. I called into the back, I opened and closed the front door to make the door ding, I leaned over counter and hollared at the girls I saw working in the back. Finally one came up and with complete nonchalance was like " why didnt you ring the bell?" What bell, the one with the sign that says ring for service, what bell, what sign? She points at a small bell taped to the other side of the service counter, with no sign. "Oh... the sign must have torn off. oh well." We then went back and forth about being able to use the value of the groupon, even tho the explanation was written right on top. I asked for 6 cupcakes, she put the first 3 I chose into a box for 4, I said I asked for 6, back and forth some more. Finally I was like fine, just give me a 4th one. She grabbed the red velvet roughly- leaving a FINGERPRINT in the frosting and stuffed it into the box. I asked to see a manager, again with manager went back and forth. I ended up leaving with the 4 cupcakes and had to dump the one with a FINGERPRINT in the frosting in the garbage!!!!      I called a few days later and spoke to the OWNER. During our 10 minute conversation I never got a single apology about the situation I had to endure, I got excuses about new employees and I got numbers thrown at me about how much the shop makes and how many hotels use them and how great they are. Never once did the owner offer a solution to the situation or an apology. Over and over he talked about how great their shop was and how everyone in Vegas loves them.  I actually ended up hanging up on the owner during his 2nd or 3rd time telling me about how successful their business is and how wonderful their cupcakes are. HOWEVER- IF YOU LOOK AT THEIR REVIEWS....they are FAR from 5-star, so obviously not everyone loves them. And now I am another who does not love them.              If you want an average cupcake and a sub-par experience in their shop choosing your flavors...a possible finger in your product and rude owners telling you how great they are and that their new employees just need more experience...enjoy GiGi's....otherwise, I highly reccomend ANY of their competitors for a better cupcake and a SUPERIER EXPERIENCE!
1	When I arrived at this location, there weren't many options, and some flavors were out. There was only one young lady working. When we asked her if there were any more flavors, she said all the flavors they had were out on display, and they were not making any more. We arrived around 1pm, so its hard to believe there were not anymore cupcakes, and if so why would you make so little--and you are  a cupcake business? The icing of the cupcakes was really good, but the cupcakes them self tasted like they had to much sugar. I was not impressed with these cupcakes and wouldn't recommend this place to anyone...
1	This place upset me. I read in past reviews that they ran out of cupcakes, but I didn't think it was a consistent thing. I bought a Groupon to get mini cupcakes for my boyfriends birthday this past weekend - showed up early to grab them before the party and they had a sign saying they were out of cupcakes. Are you kidding?? If the cupcakes are that popular, wouldn't you rather have an overabundance of cupcakes rather than always running out?? I feel like it would be less costly to toss out some cupcakes, or give them away to the last customer in your building than to not bake enough and losing customers. Come on Gigi... Bad business move!
4	Very fresh, not at all dry. Little too much icing, but it made the cupcake look pretty. We all liked the cake.
1	Very disappointed! For $7.99 12 mini cupcakes that I can buy in any supermarket for $3.00! Nothing special,  over sweet basic yellow cake with basic frostings and basic chocolate with basic chocolate frosting. Definitely not worthwhile! Even my kids don't want to eat it, they said that the frosting still has sugar granules.
5	By far the BEST cupcake bakery I've ever been to!! The cake is very soft and moist and the frosting *sighs* to die for!!! I choose Gigi's over Sprinkles AND Crumbs cupcakes any day!
1	I dreamed of light fluffy fresh cupcakes.  I got doughy, so far from fresh, and heavy.  I ordered the bourbon and the chocolate.  I almost finished the bourbon there.  Thinking maybe when I get home ill try the chocolate and it will be better.    Nope  1 bite and that was all.  I put it in the fridge.  Maybe when I come home from drinking and throw it in the microwave the flavor might be there.  $3.50 a per cupcake you think there would b more love.
1	This place was of interest because it wasn't far from where we were staying off the strip in Vegas.  I noticed the Groupon and drove over to do a "spot check" before investing.  The shop is small and not too inviting.  I have this thing about bakeries, I believe that when you walk inside, you should smell wonderful things baking!  That wasn't the case, it was kinda drab.  The display case was pretty monotone, not enough variety.  It seemed as if they used only a few cake bases and switch out with a few artificially flavored toppings.  Cupcakes are the it thing right now and the bar is set pretty high.  I just didn't witness the style, creativity and whimsy that I was expecting!I reluctantly purchased one cupcake (thank goodness, I didn't get the Groupon because I would have been stuck with a dozen of these bricks).  My husband declined getting a cupcake, because they just didn't look inviting.  I felt guilty, because those empty calories just weren't worth it.  The cupcake was dense, dry and crumbly.  The frosting was too sweet and didn't carry the intended flavor (strawberry) well at all.  It was piled high though, which made the cake to frosting ratio way off.I think this place has to use services like Groupon to stay afloat?  Because new customers will come.  I'd like to know how many repeat customers they have?  That is a more reliable indicator of a good thing.  I'm gonna hold out until Sprinkles Cupcakes opens up later this year at the Linq.  They are divine AND they will have ice cream too! In closing...SKIP THIS PLACE
2	Was in town wknd. Of Aug 18 and happened to see a groupon deal for cupcakes since we were having lunch next door decided to purchase this deal and have dessert. First I made sure I read the groupon rules and remember reading that you can pick your own. As soon as I walked in the cashier was not to friendly and I said i have a "groupon" she grabbed a prepackaged box and said here you go... I told her the groupon clearly states you can pick your own she was like NO we pkg them we give you a variety so I was like someone else asked a question and they answered on Groupon you can pick your own I even showed her and she said "Oh the person who said that is not even a Baker" Rude just plain Rude. They really need a training in Customer Service or I should say the lady working this Sunday needs better customer service skills. As for the cupcakes just ok maybe it was the cashiers attitude that left an UGLY taste in my mouth.
5	I love this cupcake shop! It's close to my work, so I went there to check it out (Thanks to Groupon). What a delight, I don't care for a big cupcake myself, so I bought the big one for the birthday girl, and I had a Groupon for 2 dz. mini's to take to the party. The packaging is so cute and everyone loved them! I've never been able to find a chocolate cupcake that taste like the helm's man bakery on wheels (when I was a child). Lo & behold I found it, they have the best chocolate cupcake, it took me right down memory lane and my senses lit up with joy! Finally I found my chocolate cupcake and I will buy it often, because now I can! Bravo to the baker, and THANKS!
4	Was in Vegas for a basketball tournament and found a groupon for BOGO on dozen mini cupcakes. They were running out of mini's due to the groupon but I was able to get mine. After walking in and seeing the big cupcakes I just couldn't resist. Loved the cupcakes!  I'm an icing fan so I didn't mind all the icing. The more the better. The sopapilla cupcake was delicious. All the cakes were moist and yummy!!!  Just recently realized there is a Gigi's in Dallas,TX!  Bonus!
3	The selection, the batter, the presentation are excellent. Gigi's definitely earned themselves a returning customer. The only reason this review doesn't have 5 stars is because the icing is too sweet for me. I have to take most of it off to enjoy the cupcakes. In my experience, when batter is lacking, bakers try to compensate with super sweet icing but in this instance that's absolutely unnecessary.
2	Came here with a Groupon for 24 cupcakes for $16. I did not go into to order but my wife said the customer service was just terrible. It took the employee a few minutes to come out and help my wife, and when she was helping her, she seemed like she could care less. Basically my wife said she was an "unhelpful bitch" to sum it up. She's going off about it as I type this. Hehehe. Oh yes this Groupon is also for PREPACKAGED cupcakes, so read the fine print. Luckily they were packaging fresh ones into prepackaged packages, so we got to enjoy the fresh cupcakes which is what I'll focus on right now. They saved this rating from being 1 star because A: I did not experience the service, so I'm trying not to take that into full account, B: These cupcakes were so freaking delicious! I don't know any of the names, but we got a variety of flavors! Chocolate, strawberry, cake, Boston cream pie. That's just the few I knew. There wasn't one I didn't like. Work on your customer service GiGi's, I'll bump it up a star.
4	I went in with low expectations and was very very happy with them!  I ordered the mini cupcakes with pink fluffy frosting and white cake.  So delicious. I really love them!!!  I paid full price. Though pricey they were worth it.
1	This place is horrible. Very rude customer service. Gross sugary frosting and dry tasteless cakes.. Worst customer service I ever experienced! The women behind the counter was so rude and unhelpful. I regret buying for this place.
1	They've got to ease up on the frosting! Each cupcake is almost a pound heavy, cake is dry and frosting is pure sugar. I went there because none if my neighborhood places were open on Monday and I had a company over for a BBQ. Wanted to surprise my guests with a cute colorful cupcake... well everyone hated them!
1	In a town of great bakeries, Gigi's can't compete.I used a Groupon coupon to get special deal pricing. I was guided to some pre packaged cupcakes. When I asked if I could select from the regular pastry case as opposed to the packaged stuff, they said I could . But, the worker kept guiding me back to the pre packaged.It didn't make a difference...they were both on the stale side. Frosting was fair., the cake part was dry. The staff was detatched and a little on the rude side. The shop itself is not well done. Very drab and without the festive quality of a cute bakeshop.I would never try this place again...there are just too many great places that are far better.
1	I was trying to find something positive to say about these dry ass cupcakes......... Nothing came to mind.
2	I had a Groupon for the mini cupcakes and thought, why not? The shop was cute and simple.  The lady thay assisted was friendly and I was able to select my dozen. The quality was just ok. The cake was dry and crumbly, no different grocery store quality and the frosting was too sweet and grainy for my taste. My guests liked the cupcakes but I much prefer Cupcakery.
3	Groupon deal Didn't buy the groupon deal I waited till I was there to ask a couple questions. - they are prepackaged from 1 to 4 flavors depending on what time you get there. Early the more selection of 4 prepackaged flavors Price: Bought the 4 mini cupcakes for $5 and a regular size cupcake for $3.50. Not a bad deal Cupcakes: White wedding cake "my favorite" and I've been told a customer favorite too. Though it had a lot of frosting it wasn't overly sweet but it was slightly dry. Turtle chocolate was super sweet couldn't even finish it. Too much frosting but it was beautifully decorated.Red velvet - even though there was a lot if frosting it wasn't overly sweet. Nice moist and spongy*wish their groupon wasn't prepackaged but overall it wasn't bad.
3	Had a coupon & was in the area so my husband & I decided to check it out. The first I noticed when I walked in was the amount of frosting on every cupcake. If you're a frosting lover then this is the spot for you. I like frosting too but there was just a ridiculous amount even the customers behind us said the same thing. The cupcake & frosting ratio was literally 1:1. I decided to order red velvet & my husband ordered one of the chocolate ones (can't remember the name). First thing we both did in the car was scrape half of the frosting off. The red velvet was nothing special really, it tasted like the ones from the box. I did like my husbands chocolate one though minus all that frosting. Overall the staff was friendly & they have a nice selection of cupcakes. Just cut down on the frosting!
5	I absolutely love the mini cupcakes. In my opinion, the bigger ones are too hard to bite into because the frosting makes it so tall. However, the small cupcakes are a heaven sent delicacy! So yummy!!I love to get the mini cupcakes for social gatherings. They are such a huge hit. Further, there is a flavor for everyone. I recommend Gigi's cupcakes to anyone!!
2	I've had these cupcakes from three locations, including the huge cupcake bake-off competition. They're always bland, a bit flavorless, and artificial-tasting. I don't hate them, but the frosting is too thick and heavy and the cake is dense and blah.Furthermore, they're not always served fresh. The cupcakes they served at the cupcake bake-off were still partially frozen.
2	I tried these cupcakes a few weeks ago. Decided to stop by after lunch one day. The place is so cute and we had pretty good customer service although the female was not at all welcoming. All of the cupcakes looked great. I got the 4 for $5 deal. Why the 2 stars: Well, too much frosting for me, had to scrape most of it off and I'm a die hard frosting lover. The frosting tasted like flavored buttered crisco. I love buttercream icing but I have never actually tasted the butter and I don't want too. The cake was pretty dense, no real tast in my opinion. Gave my family the last 3 cupcakes, they didn't care for them either. Probably wont be back. I'll stick to Smith's bakery!
1	Visiting from out of town. Saw Gigi's after eating at raising canes next door. Walked in to the facility and 3 staff were there. Two left and the other girl got on the phone. Rude, rude, rude.  She didn't even say hi. I ordered the wedding cake and my husband ordered the chocolate chip cookie dough. The wedding cake was hard, dry and had no flavor. It tasted like they they had been frozen and missisg ingredients. I am a cupcake lover. This was the worst cupcake I ever had.  My husbands was dry and hard. The presentation was nice, but cupcake horrible.  To top it off, it cost $3.50 a piece?  I had to leave my comments because you should know what your going to get.
3	If you're a big fan of frosting, good cause that's the only good thing on the cupcakes here. Ok ok, I'll give them a break since I did come here around closing time, so I really can't expect any fresh tasting cupcakes. I had the birthday surprise cupcake, which besides the slight dryness it had, there wasn't really any flavoring to it. Just vanilla and buttercreme. Most "birthday" labeled cakes/cupcakes have a punch of bitterweetness to them that really give them the taste that says "birthday" flavor rather than just "vanilla". I also had a bite of the wedding cake flavor cupcake as well, it tasted exactly the same. Um. Ok.Could probably get better flavor variety at Wal Mart.Anyway, I ate all the frosting off and threw the cake in the trash. I might try this place another time, perhaps in the morning, when they have their more distiguished flavors available. Bad last minute call on my part.
4	Beautiful cupcakes. I picked up a box for gifts and my friends were not disappointed. I'll definitely be back!
1	I love mini cupcakes and cupcakes in generally, so of course I felt the need to try Gigi's. I wasn't impressed. They were cold and not flavorful. I was expecting deliciously super moist little cupcakes...not so much.
1	I purchased another Groupon to buy these for a friend because they are so pretty to look at.. I would never pay their outrageous prices so the only way to buy is with a coupon of some sort. Not being thrilled the last time I had these cupcakes I was not all that surprised to  get to the store at 8.45  and find it closed . I was standing right next to the nicely painted hours of operation on their window. Open at 8.30. I'm so glad  I left work and made a special trip down their to find they were closed. You don't have to graduate from Wharton to know that being closed when you advertise you are open doesn't make for good business.
1	I have gone several times to Gigi's and I keep trying to give them another  chance but I am done with them. I'm glad to hear what everyone else is saying because it's exactly what I feel about them- DRY! HARD! No moisture and the taste is not good! The icing is usually good but that is it. How can a business like this even stay in business. If you want low quality cupcakes that taste better, go to Wal -Mart.  If you want good quality cupcakes that taste great stick with the Cupcakery.
2	Poor Shawn J.! Should've read his review before going to this place. I believe this is the same place that sells to the Venetian (at least to their food court). I've had cupcakes at the Venetian and they were okay. So maybe this place had a bad day? The place is cute. The cupcakes are adorable globs of sweet. They over-frost, as everyone says, but then the sprinkle it with either raw sugar, choco chips, or sprinkles and then there's another decoration on top of that, such as a flower, or a cookie. Very cute! Now, I'm not a cupcake connoisseur. You'd never think so from reading my reviews, but I love to buy cupcakes, I don't like to eat them. Does that make any sense? So, in my case, Gigi's is the perfect store for me, because the cupcakes LOOK gorgeous but they taste awful. Can you imagine putting plaster in your mouth? Then can you imagine adding a ton of sugar to that plaster? That pretty much sums up the flavor of ALL the cupcakes. It didn't matter if it was Citrus Green Tea (ha, don't make me laugh) or Blackberry surprise, it all tasted the same, gummy and over-sweet. There is no other flavor, but the colors of the cupcake are different. Maybe that's why they have different names, it's to describe the color of their cupcakes? The only one that tasted barely ok and had any flavor was the oreo cookie, I did get hints of cookie and cream flavor. The cakes were really stale and dry. Yuck. The lady working was really generous. She gave me three free cupcakes for buying two. Too bad I didn't eat any of them. But I can't fault her, it was good customer service.
2	++++  Huge variety, tons of sweet icing (I had caramel, white chocolate...liked both) on the cupcakes, the mini cheesecake got good reviews (I didn't taste so taking a male co-worker's word on that one) & they serve them in precious little green boxes. ------  very dry cake w/ little flavor.  Tried 2 different chocolate & 2 different white cake...3 of the 4 were dry and one of the dry ones was the flavor of the day so I would have expected it t be fresh w/ high turnover.  I am constantly looking for a great cupcake since we like to do them at work instead of cake, but for the price & inconsistency in quality, won't go back....too many other options to try out in my one woman cupcake quest.
1	If you are buying cupcakes only for showcasing !!!These cupcakes are  over prized , no flavour what so ever . 3.50$ for one cupcake and the cupcakes taste terrible . The cake is dry , hard.And the the frosting, all the frostings almost taste the same, like eating a cup of sugar finely ground into a paste  !!Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone .
4	I hardly ever visit this place on my own, but my sister just cannot resist this place, so she always treats me to sweets after her classes are over. Haha. I usually come to Gigi's Cupcakes to pick up a gift for someone else. They offer really cute cupcake flavors! They don't offer the same flavors every day, so if you want a particular flavor, either call a couple days ahead and make a special order or pick up one of their to-go menus that list out the daily flavors and wait for that day. Yesterday I picked out the Blackberry Cobbler cupcake. It wasn't as sweet as I expected it to be, which is a good thing! In the past, I've also tried Wedding Cake (on several occasions) and Miss Princess. All of those flavors exceed yumminess expectations.However, I n my opinion, the star of this show are the icing stuffed chocolate chip cookies! They offered my sister and me free samples one time and it was instant love, I promise. The best sandwiches are those minus the bread and plus cookies instead! Haha, not only is the icing so satisfyingly sweet, the cookies are very obviously made with love and taste so.What's nice about Gigi's Cupcakes is that their frostings are reasonably light on the sweetness, which is surprising when you see the cupcakes because there is a huge dollop of frosting on every cupcake and you would think each one is a stylish sugar overload. Not the case here!There are different cupcake sizes here. They have regular and mini sizes. I prefer the mini sizes because the regular sized cupcakes tend to be too much and I have to eat those cupcakes in a couple sittings.If you like some kind of milk to pair with your cupcake, I enjoyed mine at home with a glass of vanilla soy milk, which paired extravagantly.
3	i've never been a fan of overpriced "gourmet" cupcakes, and i'm pretty happy that the fad seems to finally be all but over. i got a decent groupon deal on a dozen minis (about 2 bites each) for $8 and picked some up for a coworkers bday. they had some pretty delish sounding options for their full sized cupcakes, but the mini selection was fairly limited. i'm a sucker for anything ginger, so i couldn't resist getting a $4 green tea/ginger cupcake for myself (seasonal only). i'm really not into sugary sweet frostings on anything, so i have to agree with all the others who said they use an excessive amount of buttercream frosting - enough that i felt sick after only having half. i didn't try the minis, but i was disappointed that my cupcake was all green tea with not even a hint of ginger. it was a good moist green tea flavored cake, and it would be ok if i hadn't specifically asked the girl which was the predominant flavor - she said it was a good balance of both because they use powders. i don't know what using powder vs fresh has to do with balanced flavor, but regardless she was wrong. coworker was happy with her teeny cupcakes, but i likely will stick to mad hatters if i ever do cupcakes for someone again. ps i think the cupcakery sucks too.
4	I love love love Gigi's cupcakes! I don't know what everyone is talking about when they say the cupcakes are bland; I go in on Fridays specifically to get the salted caramel because it's literally to die for. I only gave it four stars because the frosting is a little over-whelming, but no complaints about the taste
5	Someone bought a box of cupcakes to work and my coworker gave me a chocolate one. I went to their website and looked it up, it was their newest flavor "Triple Chocolate Torte". I brought it home and cut them into 8 pcs because I didn't want to eat it all at once. My mom and I each had a piece and wow it was very sweet but oh so good! Had to drink milk after lol. Definitely want to go here and check out the other flavors as well.
2	Nothing special here. Every time I went they were out of the good flavors and did not have a good variety. I bought a groupon and ended up settling for a few I didn't care for, but since it was my third trip there, I figured I might as well just use the stupid coupon. Pricey... Overall the cupcakes are huge, but not very good. I have had better. I wouldn't go back. Check out more of them cupcake shops in Henderson and Silverado Ranch before wasting time here.
5	Absolutely love love love this place. They accepted our Groupon coupon no problem and even included a few of their newest flavors (wedding cake) in the mini-dozen :) we will definitely be back and will use Gigi's for our Holiday treats
1	Yuck. The other reviews are on point with this place. I purchased 6 cupcakes the other day and brought them home to share with the fam. I got red velvet, lemon, triple chocolate, fudge, peanut butter and a malted milk cupcake. First things first these things do not travel well. It's probably because the huge gobs of frosting they put on the cakes. At least 2 of them had tipped over in the box . Next the cakes were DRY!!! And flavorless! I love a moist cake and these were not moist at all. And the flavors all tasted the same. Now for the frosting.... they use a TON of frosting on each cake and the frosting does not taste good. The red velvet cake had a white frosting which I assumed would be cream cheese but it wasn't it was just a flavorless white frosting. It wasn't even vanilla flavored. The chocolate frosting taste just like Betty Crocker canned chocolate frosting which I like but not when I'm paying $3+ for a cupcake!! I can't even finish this review because I'm so disappointed with the quality of the product.
5	Bought the groupon. I went in very skeptical because of the bad reviews and because I don't normally like icing.These cupcakes are AMAZING. Moist. Delicious. Soft creamy icing. Just perfect. I couldn't have asked for anything better.
2	The cupcakes here were kind of a disappointment. I had a raspberry filled chocolate cupcake and a chocolate salted caramel cupcake. The taste was pretty good, but the actual cupcakes were stale to the point of being hard.  A good half inch all the way around the raspberry cupcake was hard as a rock... The caramel one was slightly better but was still stale and hard. There was way too much frosting for my taste but the frosting was pretty good. Overall it was disappointing and definitely not worth the price.
3	I stopped by yesterday, only to find out this location has closed : (
1	The business is now closed. There was red tape on the door from the city and their stuff was gone the next day.
1	How in the world would something like this expect to make it here in Las Vegas? i've never been interested in buying $5 cupcakes, but i received one for a birthday gift?? Who in the right mind would waste their money on this crap I live across the street from this place and always wondered? How is this place still open?? Who would go into a place like this? We all knew it, it was just a matter of time. Who wants to open a tootsie roll shop and charge $1 per candy?? Heck no!! NOT IN THIS ECONOMY! YOU can"t rip us off GiGi!! Stay out of this market!! cant fool us with your cute fancy little boxes and rip off cupcakes!! SEE YA! GLAD YOU"VE LEFT! YOU WONT BE MISSED!!
1	Why have a Groupon and run out of cupcakes early, this isn't the first time they have closed early because they were sold out. I have heard the same from different people. It would be great if you can get some after work on the weekday without having to wait for the weekend.
