3	One of the more original menus I've seen in a long time.Authentic Portuguese food ranging from tapas to entrees. Lots of fresh fish and meat on the menu. Recommended: Portuguese soup with sausage (enough for two). Reasonable prices for the quality of food though everything was a bit salty. Steak was cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth.A really knowledgeable bartender who suggested a good glass of red from my vague description of what I liked.Music was housey for dinner time and the big flat screen tv got turned up at the end of the meal which was a little annoying. Looks to be a popular mid week spot for professionals committing to more than an after-work cocktail. Go and try something to eat - I bet you stay for dinner.
4	Visited Montreal w friends and checked out this restaurant (recommended by the hotel concierge). We LOVED it. We did the tapas special ($55/person for variety of tapas, including dessert) and it was absolutely delicious! Great food and wine. The octopus could be better... the chorizo was a bit spicy to eat alone... but everything else was delicious, ESPECIALLY the mussels. YUM!I'd give it 5 stars, but the interior decor needs a little more work to get the full 5 stars... and the service needs to be a bit better, but I suppose it may be the snobbish waiters that make the place a bit more desirable to some. (?)
2	DO NOT EAT HERE IF YOU ARE HUNGRY!!!I will explain.I had read many reviews about this place.  All of the reviews said the food was good, even great.  They did not lie.  Some of the reviews briefly mentioned the lack of service.  They also did not lie.  Yes, we went to this restaurant on a Saturday and the place was packed.  Yes, the weather was great so we got to sit outside.  That is where our good fortune ended.  We were seated after awkwardly being greeted and "assisted" by two separate servers.  Once seated, our water glasses remained empty for quite some time.  A wine list was given to us.  Eventually, a small basket of bread and a small bowl of olives arrived.  We were finally asked if we would like tap or sparkling water.  Then after about another ten minutes, someone finally shows up to take our wine order.  We were going to order the rest of our meal since everything was taking eons, but the server ran off quickly before we could even get a chance.  Another five to ten minutes goes by, our wine finally arrives.  It's good wine.  The menu said it was a 2007, but the label said 2008.  Whatever.  I'm not that much of a wine snob but if I was, minus one point to the restaurant.We are filling our second glass of wine when the waitress shows up, a little out of breath, saying "I am with you now."  Again, awkward but maybe just lost in translation.  She actually asked if "everything was better since the wine showed up".  I'll chalk it up to a bad attempt at humor but it's not funny, not anymore...not after being there 30 minutes with only bread and olives.  By the way, the water hasn't arrived yet either.We order our food.  Two appetizers and two mains.  Once the food finally appears at the table, it is really, really good.  The fried calamari was super fresh and the dipping sauce was delectable.  The seared tuna was also very fresh and tasty.  We devour the food since we were about to gnaw our own hands off.  Quick side note...all of the tables around us got olive oil to dip their bread into.  We did not.  Nor did we ask because Lord knows we'd still be there waiting for it.  We ordered the Portuguese style steak as our mains.  It was a very nicely cooked filet served on top of a bed of matchstick fries, all topped with a sunny side up egg.  As I said, the food was delicious, but it wasn't delicious enough to garner such a long wait.  No surprise that it took a long while for our plates to be cleared once we finished eating.  A dessert menu shows up.  Nothing jumped out but I had read reviews of the desserts being "amazing" so we opted for the pear poached in port.  Again, it took a long time to get there, as if they were waiting for pear season to come and go. I've had better poached pears in my life so I strongly disagree with the desserts being "amazing". My fiance loves port, like wants to marry it loves it, so he asked what kind of port selection they had.  The ditzy waitress rattled some names off, clearly not knowing much of what she was saying.  She tells us she is going to check to see what port bottles they have open this evening, and hurries off...to where I do not know but it was not to the wine cellar to check on the port.  She never did return with the port selections.  And then there's the long wait for the check.  At least another 30 minutes just to flag someone down.  Check finally arrives, then it's the waiting game to see when someone, ANYONE, will show up with the credit card swipey machine.  I swear on my life, we arrived at the restaurant around 8:30pm.  We didn't leave until just before midnight.  SWEET JESUS!  I'm all about al fresco dining and not having servers interrupt me mid chew asking me if everything is okay.  But jesus criminy!  3.5 hours to eat dinner!?!  I jokingly told my fiance that we had waited so long for the check that I was almost hungry again.  All in all, the food was delicious...once it finally got to the table.  There are so many more Portuguese restaurants in Montreal that have WAY better service and WAY better food.  I think I will keep sticking to Ferreira's and Jano's Grill.  Life is too short to be ignored by a crappy wait staff.
5	Wow!!! Talk about a wow experience. Read the the reviews and all said food was great but service was ok, however in our case both were OUTSTANDING. Andre took charge of us and selected his version of a Portugese "omakase" including wine. Flavours, presentation and service were flawless. Must try!
3	Overall spent a fun evening in this buzzing,pseudo loungy Portuguese.The Pros: nice atmosphere where you can watch the kitchen if you're into that kind of thing. You can rub elbows with a hip very well to do Montreal crowd. The food is very good and the menu extensive.Cons: this place is quite expensive for what you get and  you can easily spend more than $150 per person if you go with a variety of tapas,mains, dessert drinks and wine.Lots of sea food and fish items but at nearly $40 a plate it's almost at the ripoff price point. Conclusion if you got money to burn by all means go.  If you don't skip it or beware.
5	Simply amazing. It is not on the menu but the degustation plate is awesome. Love it and recommend the place to have a great experience of Portugal in Montreal.
5	Try the chef menu65$ might seem a bit stiff but you get countless (I really could not keep trAck) tapas, all tastier than the last oneMy fav was the grilled octopus a la plancha, and the desert plate (even though by then we re already full)Definitely to try if you d rather go for 1nuce night out instead of 2meh restaurantsThe waitress was also super nice, and on top of everything, efficient yet leaving us time to eatWe showed up early, but by 9 on a weeknight the place was quite full.++++!
5	Great food fresh very fresh excellent quality and just a pure delight! Every item on the menu is pure delight
