4	Okay, I'm a new knitter, so I haven't been in many yarn stores. But my mom has been knitting FOREVER, and has been to yarn stores in Atlanta a lot, and she found yarns she had not seen before. She bought a couple of yarns for short scarfs, and I found a great multi-colored to make a hat. The guy at the counter was friendly and very helpful to both of us. If I lived in Charlotte, I would go to classes and groups at the Yarnhouse, because its such a friendly place.
4	Chris and Robert are great.  I am a fan of supporting "family" owned businesses.  Yarnhouse has a great selection of yarns, from the usual to the highly unusual.  They have a sitting room where classes are taught that is also available for sitting and stitching.  They will order things if they don't have them.  As I'm now REALLY into spinning, I've enjoyed their recent addition of fiber (very limited, but it's nice not to have to drive to Pineville every time).  Parking can be a hassle, particularly on evenings and weekends.
5	A GREAT shop in a great part of town.Yarnhouse has it all.... a great selection of needles (Chiagoo DPNs are my favorite), fantastic yarns, and very fair prices.  The best thing about it is when I go to Yarnhouse, I get to visit with Chris.  He's fantastic, down to earth, and not at all pretentious as some yarn store employees/owners seem to be.I especially love how many great LOCAL yarn lines and indie dyers that Chris stocks.  In a city with so many choices as far as yarn shops go, Chris is ALWAYS the first one I visit!
1	I'm a hardcore knitter, and whoever was working behind the register, it was a man, couldn't have been bothered with customers that day. Didn't say hello, didn't ask if i needed help or even acknowledge my existence. When I walked out and said, oh, well thanks, have a great day I didn't even hear anything back. so sad.
5	I love this place. I found it today and had a one on one lesson in crochet. Chris was so patient and kind. I left with some great new tools to help me stay on track and a boost of needed confidence. This place is so awesome. They have crochet and knitting circle meetings on Wednesday nights at 6pm. I can't wait to try it out. Thank you Chris. I am so excited about my new project.
5	I adore Yarnhouse. I've taken two classes there that have been incredible. Really small class sizes, with great individual attention for your needs. I've also just walked in and asked for help with a pattern before. Even though I didn't buy the yarn at their store, Chris helped me figure out the issue I was having and let me sit there for more than an hour while I took out my stitches and tried again. He's also helped walk me through what kind of yarn would be good for different products and even helped me fix a crochet afghan that was literally falling apart at the seams! Even though I know that I could find cheaper yarn online or at a big box store, I would never get the help, advice and great customer experience that Yarnhouse gives me!
2	Nice store, with reasonably priced yarn.  However, customer service was lacking.  It is a small yarn shop, I stood at the counter waiting for the owner to come to my aid.  He was more interested in his phone.  A lady who was knitting at the table was more helpful.
