5	I stopped by the store this afternoon with my boyfriend and the shop was beautiful! They had very nice selections for newby vapers. They carry Pink Spot juices and the shop will start carrying their own line of juices as well. I'm looking forward to trying some of these juices. The owners of the store were very down to earth and friendly. My boyfriend and I spent some time chit chatting with them and we'll definitely be stopping by more often! The store also had cute vape charms for your mods ;)
4	I went in to check this place out, as i'm always looking for new vape shops or places to either look up their products, and see how their service is.This place is quite new as I write this, and there are many plans for this place in the future, like a lounging room, more products, and etc.So far there isn't much to look at, their products are good, the liquid they carry are from Pink Spot Vapors, which i don't have anything against, service is very friendly, Once i walked in, i was immediately greeted and asked how i could be helped. I definitely like that. There's some good plans for this place and hope the owners can make their goal come true.Going to definitely come back and refer some of my friends that want to get into vaping.
5	You know, it's really rare to find a place where you can tell the staff absolutely loves what they do.  I was in town this past weekend, and was a bit surprised that there weren't that many vape shops too close to the strip. I had a full day of plans and had to look for places that would be open early enough.  Ended up at I Heart Vape, because the other place that I had in mind was late opening up. They've got a great selection from beginner stick batteries all the way up to some nice Mods.  Now, I live in LA and it's sometimes hard to come by certain clearomizers (specifcally ego threaded clearomizers..)  But this place had a good selection! Ended up taking home 3 EVOD clearmizers and some Black Mamba juice from Pink Spot Vapors.The guys there were very knowledgeable, attentive, and incredibly friendly.  They have lots of plans coming up... very excited to hear about their DIY juice bar ideas!Can't wait to see what these guys put out!
5	From LA, someone broke my vape, closest spot to me. Everyone was so helpful! Loved the selection ! They even made there own blend! How cool!
5	Here in Vegas for a week with my wife looking for a place to live when we move in sept. Figured I'd check out local vape shops. First stop and last stop was I heart vape! Incredible staff upon leaving I felt so comfortable I wouldn't have been surprised if I was invited to their home for dinner. They test everything before selling it to the public. A leaky tank will never be sold there. They had flavors from a well known brand and honestly I didn't like one of the flavors compared to the custom juice they make in house. Every flavor of theirs i tried was delicious! Walked with a new digi variable mod and a pro tank battery charger and 3 bottles of their juice for under a hundred bucks. They made me feel at home like family. They offered to help me n my wife find a place to live offered a realtor friend of theirs assistance. It was far superior to any vape shop in San Diego and I've checked em all out. I will not even bother finding another shop once I move to Vegas. I'm sorry I didn't get your names guys I feel like a jerk but don't fret I will be back tomorrow or later today at this point I suppose to get a back up battery I forgot to ask for one while I was there for almost an hour. Stop shopping elsewhere people, this family and best friend owned shop is two weeks fresh and you will back me up once you give them a shot. I never yelp but I love vape deserved 150% of my run on sentences and rambling. QUIT SMOKING EVERYONE I'm sick of the butts in the ocean when I surf I'm sick of embers starting fires it stinks it makes you look 10 years+ older than you are it's not the 50's James Dean made it look cool, smoking cigs only makes you look like a douche. Upgrade your life go see the staff at I love vape. Thanks again for the welcoming hospitality. Jay Kelley San Diego (soon to be Las Vegas)
5	What an absolute pleasure. They carry my favorite Pink Spot juice and the "in house" juice is VERY good as well. Customer service is top notch. A excellent addition to the vape community
5	I ADORE this place! This is actually my first review ever, and I'm glad to give that spot to I Heart Vape! A couple of girlfriends and I went in during our trip to Vegas and the customer service there was phenomenal. They were knowledgeable on their product and super friendly. They answered every stupid question I had (I was buying my first vape) and were patient when we were trying out flavors. Even though they were close to closing, I wasn't rushed. Now I wish I bought even more when I had the chance! They even MIX their juices (yummy and rich flavors) if you want something different at very good prices. I was told they were a relatively new spot that opened up, so I wish them the best~ I know I'll be hitting up this spot every time I go back.
5	So my wife and I have officially moved to Vegas and on my first day back swung by to visit my new pals at I heart vape. Once again they blew me away, I was explaining the issues I was having with the vision vv I purchased from them a few weeks back. I was mid explanation when they said get him a brand new one. My jaw dropped, without hesitation they handed me a brand new unit. They once again have gone above and beyond the call of customer service. The best vape shop in Vegas. I won't stray from I heart vape. I'm a fan for as long as I'm living here in Vegas. Only thing they can do at this point to top what they've done for me this far would be to find a way to bring my San Diego beaches here. Don't worry guys I'm not gonna hold you to that one.Jay
5	I have been to a lot of vape stores here in Vegas and this is one of the gems that stick out.  Everyone working there is friendly, personable, and knowledgeable.  I like that they did not rush us and knew their products inside and out.  A bonus is that they mix their own flavors and have a "Dagwood" section where you can tell them what flavors you want and they will mix them for you.  I got cotton candy, peach which is amazing.  I will be coming back and I'll bring my friends and family with me.
5	I was visiting vagus looked dip vape locations and close off the strip not hard to find people there are to friendly felt like home and there specials where awesome and you can test the flavors,the displays where fantastic they have more then one brand I chose beach bum flavors which you get to try first,the service was excellent they don't rush you and can take your time ,and was back on the strip into the casinos in no time check it out ill be back foreshore !!
5	Once again I heart vape satisfies! I am super picky when it comes to flavors so they made me a custom flavor today with peach orange mango and menthol. AMAZING flavor! If you guys keep it or not save the formula for me please! It tastes like a tropical breeze. I have a feeling people will enjoy it.
5	This place is awesome!!  Brian and staffs was so helpful!!!
5	My boyfriend and I where looking all around Vegas for a good vape shop. We used to use House Of Vape as a go to but from now on we are going to use I Heart Vape for everything! The employees are great! Very knowledgeable about all of their products and eager to help find what's bet for you. The products are top quality and the juices which they make themselves right in the shop are fantastic! This is our new favorite vape shop and we will be recommending it to all of our friends and family!
4	Nice and friendly. Custom made juices in house. Prices are good and lots of stuff in stock to look at. Will definitely be back!
5	Coming back after nearly 2 months and i see this place doing very very well. I walked in and there was a fair amount of people in the late afternoon when it started getting dark. I came to receive my free juice they promised me through yelp and once they saw me after a month or so, they recognized me and said "we have a free juice for you!" and I didn't have to say anything lol was quite nice. I noticed a few changes and I must say i'm impressed since the last time i stopped by.First and most important is the juice. My last couple of visits the only juice they carried were from Pink Spot. Now, Pink spot is good i like a couple of their flavors but it's just too perfume-y for me. I Heart Vape now has their own mixes of juice! I tried nearly all of them but KiwiBerry took me into its flavor. First juice i tried and all other juice wasn't topping it. Of course my taste buds are different from everyone else.Also there was a BOMB juice that was either made on accident or something but it tasted like York Peppermint Patties. And when i say "like," i mean if not exact, pretty damn close! Very pleased with their own juice line. They have a new employee. She's nice and very friendly. Knowledgeable too. She recommended me a few flavors and knew how to divide her customer service with everyone evenly. I find this a good attribute as it can become hard to please a lot of customers at once and do this in a laid-back, non-rushed manner. good job.As for devices, nothing out of the ordinary and also nothing spectacular, but i do like what i see. Everyday k100's and k101's(?) a few rba/rda's, variable voltages and tanks. Nothing really much to say here.The shop is slowly but surely getting up there. There's a tv set up and a boy watching cartoons. Comfortable chairs, fountain rack of candy from top to bottom. I was munching on nerds the whole time i was here at I Heart Vape! There's still a big room in the back that will serve a good purpose in the future, i'm excited to see that when it's finished. So far so good! edit from 4 to 5 stars in my book. Like what i see, definitely check out their line of juice when or if you're in the area.
5	Hello Fellow Vapers ,This Shop Rocks with Customer service ,Great in House E-Juice,and Affordable Prices on everything ,You will not be Disappointed ,Dusty His Wife Amy And Team (sorry forgot other Great peeps ,Caboose not meeting up with the Train) LOL :-) Thank you All ,Vape On !!!!!
5	We live out in California, there are Vape and e-cigs shops all over and it's becoming larger then that in Orange county. Our visit to the I heart Vape store blew our minds. We couldn't really find any Vape stores in any of the places in or around the strip, only places we could find were charging 15 for juice which seemed pretty steep. On our way home we stopped by the I hear Vape store and had the pleasure of being helped by Leila and staff. They create their own e-cigs and juices there which gives them the power to create whatever their customers want. They had the best customer service and answered all of our questions and gave us the coupon discount they advertised in the LV weekly. We will surely be back when we make Vegas our new home in Dec 2013....just in time for New Years. Great meeting everyone at I Heart Vape.
5	I wanted to write a review for this shop because I had a really great experience at this one. My boyfriend and I were in Vegas for a weekend trip and we had run out of vape juice. On our way home we looked for the closest vape shop to buy juice for the drive. We really just walked in on a whim with an idea of the juice we wanted and every intention to make a quick fast exit. When we asked for Riptide Pink Spot juice, they had just sold out of the 6 nicotine bottle; however the friendly owners told us they'd do us one better and make us their own blend of riptide with their own ingredients. We were intrigued, but had to get on the road fast so we told them that we might not have the time. The man told us he'd whip it up for us in two minutes. As he went in back to create the final product, I asked the lady about their store brand juice. She informed me that they use a less balanced percentage of PG and VG (typically its 50/50) but that it makes for a better cloud. She also told me that they use no extra fillers and their juice is simple and pure, flavoring, nicotine and pg and vg. She was really friendly and I didn't feel like she was trying to sell me on her product, she just seemed to be really confidant that theirs was really good and stood out above the rest. She also gave us a great deal on some extra pink spot flavors. The man returned with a glass bottle and their "I Heart Vape" logo on the bottle. We made small conversation as they rung us up, and they were really nice people. We got in the car and dripped this homemade juice into our vape, and surprise! it was awesome! It was even BETTER than Pink Spot's rip tide and made a really big cloud. I was super impressed! Just to be sure I wasn't imagining this, I dripped some Pink Spot into the vape after it needed to be refilled, and could defintly tell the difference between the two. The I Heart Vape juice tasted much cleaner, less chemically, and was all around delicious. I don't typically write reviews for Vape shops, but I was so impressed by this one. I hope we can get some I Heart Vape Juice in California shops soon! All the best of success to your shop!
5	Stopped by here thanksgiving weekend on the way back to Cali and it was awesome! I was looking for a replacement mouthpiece for my clear tank and decided to try out the tasting bar.  One hour later, I'm walking out with the Melonburst favored e-juice and a custom made POG juice flavor they concocted for the wifey. Staff was super friendly and I will definitely be coming back!
5	Where do I start... first off we came down without checking the closing time and got there 20 minutes after closing. Lucky for us they were still around! That was just the start of their amazing customer service. Very knowledgeable and friendly staff! We both got new tanks and a new flavor. Made IN-HOUSE at any nicotine level you want. They offer good deals on liquids and will even refill bottles for locals at a lower price. We have a vape shop on every corner in LA but none can match the service and juice we got at I Heart Vape. I heart I Heart Vape!
5	Awesome vape spot. I'm new to this and everyone made me feel welcome,  let me try every flavor no rush at all. This will definitely be my go to spot from now on. Highly recommended to all my friends or anyone wanting to check a new spot. And the in house mixtures are spot on can't go wrong!!!!
5	Great location, friendly and knowledgable staff, great products at a great price. What else can I say?
5	I Heart Vape is appropriately named! These guys really took the time to make sure that we loved what we were buying. They had a fantastic selection of flavors and were great to hang out with!!
5	The owner is very knowledgeable, helpful, and patient. We went in knowing very little about vapes, but left with all the info and a couple nice vapes to get started. We tasted almost every flavor and finally settled on a couple, which they made fresh in the back with zero nicotine. I hope I'll be able to find an equally nice shop when I go back home to AZ!
5	This is a very nice vape shop. The customer service is top notch and very knowledgeable. Great place if you're a beginner or a veteran vaper. they carry pink spot and there own house blend juices.
5	I've been to many different vape shops around town and I can honestly say that I now refuse to go anywhere else. They have the best in house juice , great selection of equipment, amazing prices and very knowledgeable staff.  If you want the best of the best them I heart is the place to go. # awesome
5	This place was very chill! We were visiting Vegas for the week and I forgot my tools for my tank so we ended up coming down because of the great reviews and we were not disappointed.  We also chose this place because they carry our favorite juice - pink spot. They make their own juice which are ef'n awesome and if you like pink spot you should really take a drive and pick some up there before their gone because they're not going to carry it anymore - great price @ $6 a bottle if you buy three or more which is way less than I paid in LA area.  I know I probably don't have to say this but the staff were all great and knowledgable and the atmosphere was just great!
5	My boyfriend and I love this shop! They are amazing and know their stuff. We have been to several shops in town and by far they have the best flavors and service!
5	My wife and I are in Vegas for the weekend, tried a lot of vape shops while in town. This vape shop is our favorite. Awesome people and really the best juices I've tried alllll weekend out of alll the shops we've been to out here. We will be back next time for sure.. 5 stars all the way, and I'm a hard critic.
5	Love this vape shop!! Delicious flavors!! We love how they make them custom in house. We came on vacation from Southern California and loved the juices so much, had to call and make an order!!
5	My girlfriend and I came to Vegas for our anniversary and we had plans to hit a couple vape shops while here. After stopping here first we had no reason to go anywhere else! Great customer service from start to finish! Very friendly and knowledgeable. The choice of liquids was awesome! Prices were very reasonable as well. We will be back on our next trip for sure and until then I will be ordering my Blue Moon from their website! I will also be recommending them to everyone I know! If I could give 10 stars I would! Thanks again guys and keep it up!
5	I decided I wanted to quit smoking, I did a lot of looking around at vape shops and found I heart Vape. So I go in everyone is so nice and friendly, the women working (sorry can't remember her name!) spent an hour with me going over all my options of batteries, tips, and tanks, then we moved on to juice, I think I tried over half the flavors! Customer service is top notch and I love that I can get extra flavor added to my juice and its blended in house!! Wafflehouse is amazing!  I left with a custom vape for me and 3 bottles of juice for less than I had budgeted for!  Here I am in my 3rd week of being smoke free after 22 years of smoking! Thanks I Heart Vape!! I am telling everyone to check out the shop and sending the website to my out of state friends!
5	Words cannot express my love affair with I Heart Vape. Well, it's Yelp so I guess they'll have to. My husband and I are from Seattle. When we were in Vegas for a convention and benefit my husband's ghetto Seattle gas station Blow-One "vape" started crapping out and the desire to buy a pack and start smoking again was starting to sound like a reasonable solution. Thank the internet kitty video gods that a quick Google Now search for "Vape Nearby" resulted in the rave Yelp reviews about I Heart Vape. It's all true. Brian and Layla are phenomenal people. We walked in knowing nearly nothing about vapes and were met with answers, information, superior customer service, 2 KangerTech protanks, variable voltage Smok eGo batteries, knowledge that "dripping" is neither a venereal disease or a drug addiction and the most amazing hand blended juice concoctions you've ever tasted. When we came back to Washington the relentless vape addiction had fully developed. We've tried all the trendy high end juice blends on the market and I Heart Vape's hand blended juice is the standard to compare to. We are so grateful to have found friends in Brian and Layla. Do yourself a favor and stop by and meet them. See what customer service is supposed to be like and get your vape on!
5	Came here while I was on business staying at the Hampton Inn down the street. I was skeptical about all of the reviews being so high but I checked it out anyway since they were so close and I am glad I did. They were very patient and helpful in getting the juice I liked, you're able to try of them on site and I was happy with the fact that they all had very stand out flavors and produced solid vapor. They don't use any Chinese crap ingredients and everything there is legit. Also, they were able to tailor your strength level as I had previously used 24% which has always been a little high for me while 18% always seemed a bit low,  they mixed up my juice to a perfect 20% which I am quite happy with. Good, honest guys in there. Prices are very reasonable. No complaints. I'll be back when I come  into Vegas again.
5	I was in Vegas for the weekend and realized I forgot my juice. So I called on Saturday at 4:30. They told me they where closed but they would wait to go ahead and head over. Very Helpful and Great Service.
5	Last night in my hotel I left my vape firing for 15 minutes without realizing it. I picked it up and burned my whole hand, aside from that, my RBA was ruined with melted plastic all over it. I went to these guys to buy a new one and Brian (shop owner) managed to salvage it instead. The RBA is working again and Brian's build is excellent. I definitely recommend this shop. Professional and great customer care
5	Driving through Vegas as often as the gf and I do, we've stopped in town a couple of times to re-up our juice stock. While the other shops we've bought from in the past have come through on decent to good juice, I Heart Vape not only provided good, quality juice, but also a good, quality experience. They were very friendly and Leila was super-attentive throughout our tasting session. They were all great and made us feel welcome in their shop. Other "Spots" (wink wink) we've been to in Vegas, we've just felt like another faceless dollar sign, waiting to get someone's precious attention. I Heart Vape was quite the positive contrast.All their juice was good and narrowing it down to just a couple wasn't easy. Short on time since we had to hit the road, we put in our order and it was back to us in just a couple minutes. We will definitely be back and this now our new Vegas vape stop. It is very conveniently located off the freeway, they've got great juice, but most of all, they're good people. That's what it's all about, really.
5	This literally one of the best vape shops ever! !! I come here quite a bit. I normally don't even do house juices but this is the only place I'll every get house juices. ... You must check them out ASAP
5	The customer service here was amazing. They were very helpful when I was trying to decide on a flavor. Everyone was really friendly. Loved it.
5	Had an excellent experience here.  The customer service was prompt and amicable, one of the main owners helped me as soon as I entered the shop and was very patient with my indecisiveness.  Likewise, the homemade juice is on point and each has their own custom picture icon.  The flavor bar uses Kanger Mini's as a sampling medium which is a nice touch considering old tank cartomizers have problems with flooding and flavor muting.  The shop also offers a wide selection of mods and starter kits, with even some of the most sought after available.  I spoke to one of the owners who had even spoke about expanding the shop featuring a lounge bar with dripping bar and viewing lounge of movies, something I haven't heard of before.  They also offer FiveStar for repeat business.  Ultimately, a nice genuine shop to swing by if you're in the area and are looking for a great experience.
5	this place rocks. customer service is king. I had juices mixed at way too high a nic level for me. no prob. brought them in and set at right level for me at no charge. they carry clones, but they're quality clones. I bought a nemesis clone mod and a patriot clone atomizer. rebuilt the atomizer and now my setup hits like a frikkin' champ at a fraction of the cost of buying genuine. the vape experience is what matters most, right? they just started carrying volt/ohm meters, too. as far as house juices go they over-excel. they mix nic levels as low as 3 percent. that's 3 percent lower than pink spot can offer without having to order it. friendly and helpful is as close as I can describe the staff here. I will always think I Heart Vape first when I need something.
1	The staff didn't answer my questions, their hardware is twice the price as other shops, the staff recommended 18mg juice when I only smoke 5 cigarettes per day, I had asked to see several products, they would disappear behind the curtain then come back and ignore me standing at the counter and never brought the products I asked to see but for some reason weren't on display. What a horrible experience. Luckily I live in CO so I never have to go to I Heart Vape again.
5	I've heard about the "vape craze" for almost a year now. I didn't know too much about it so decided to do some research on you tube and different websites to get some insight . I still was clueless. I love yelp so I looked up highest rated vape shops (plus I actually read reviews) so I found I heart vape .I went to the shop and was greeted instantly by the staff. They were very friendly and helpful. I basically told them I wanted big clouds from a mod and that's what they gave me lol. They explained it in lay mans terms for me. I really liked I got all the time to try different flavors as well. They built my mod right in the shop before my eyes and it's a really cool process. Bottom line whether your looking for mods or just normal vape pens, flavors accessories etc they have it all. Highly recommended.
5	This is my favorite vape shop in town. Everytime I go in there they are super friendly and rebuild my atomizer for free.  Also their juices are delicious. Bunny slayer is my favorite juice.   Strawberry custard. I am amazed at the customer service they offer in this place! I wouldn't go any where else but they are far from my house.  Hands down the best vapor shop in town. Their coil build are awesome and they take the time to explain why they are building it the way they do. Thanks for the great service guys!
5	I am from California. My friend from California recommended me to this shop. He said he goes down to this shop everytime he comes out to LV. As soon as I walked in, I was immediately greeted. I told them that I was looking to get some juice. He asked me what kind of Flavors I liked. After telling him, he instantly started recommending his personal favorites. I tried sum 5-10 Flavors that I was interested in, including his recommendations. I ended up choosing a few of the recommended Flavors. For me the price was great. There is a special for juice. Buy two bottles get one half off. I got a discount on a tip and he honored the check in promo. I would recommend to any of my friends that come out LV. All Flavors are made by them in all different nicotine levels and Flavors. I will definitely be back!
5	awesome service! built my kraken tank and now it hits very very well! will come back.
