5	Back in Michigan, Guitar Center was about 5 minutes away from my house.  I used it as a safe-haven from the world; a place to relax my mind.  Straight to the keyboard room I would go...and I'd remain there for hours.  Getting to play around on the cutting edge boards and gadgets was grade-A stress relief for me, and it sort of erased any kind of bad day at work or home.I wasn't aware that there was a Guitar Center in AZ until a guy at a music store told me.  I've been there frequently since.  At any store, customer service is the number one thing for me.  This location has great staff who are willing and actually look forward to helping.  I've found that some sales associates in various stores lose interest in you once they find out you're not really going to buy anything.  Regardless of commission.  But the people at this Guitar Center are friendly, conversational (yeah, its a word), helpful, and knowledgeable.  I recently asked about some discounted studio monitors and ended up in a good 10 minute conversation that yielded some awesome information and stuff that I didn't know.  Also just yesterday I sat down trying to compare some drum machines, and an associate (Bob) came over and went through each of them with me, and actually seemed to be enjoying himself.  That is the kind of customer service that makes you want to come back again and again.  Another point I'd like to make about the staff is that they don't mind you coming in and just farting around with the gear.  They don't have that 'buy something or get out' attitude, which is an attitude that makes me want to cause physical harm.  So yeah, staff gets an A+.The set-up of the store is a bit cluttered.  But this isn't their fault, the building is tiny.  There is, however, enough room to do whatever it is you want to do,  whether it be mess around with stuff or actually shop.  You might bump into a few folks, but so what.  I have only briefly ventured into the drum section and I will say that it is set up nicely.  My place of choice is the keyboard room, though.  It is a bit more cluttered than the rest of the place, but its not going to hender your experience.They also have a small assortment of used equipment which the budget-minded musician (aka- the broke musician) can really clean up with.  Not to mention a no-hassle lay-away (15% down), and really cool associates who will 'put stuff aside' for you.  Prices?  Same as any other place.  Haven't done any haggling so I don't if you can make deals.I love this store, and more particularly, this location.  I've had a bad experience with the one on Gratiot back in Michigan....but that was a long time ago and far, far away.  Oh, and if all music terminology sounds like jibberish to you, these guys WILL be patient, helpful and understanding.  You can't ask for anything more.
3	They have a good selection here, but like all guitar centers, they are really over priced. Also, I always feel uncomfortable going in there. I get the feeling that the people working there, and at EVERY GC, feel they are better than the people coming in. Good location and there is plenty of parking. This GC is a little smaller than some of the others around town though. I prefer the location near Metro Mall and I have huge disdain for the Indian Bend location... so I give this a three star salute.
1	This is the most real review on GC here, so read on:Guitar Center is a festering disease that needs to be stamped out.  It's the wallmart of music stores.It is employed by world class douche nuggets that think, just cause they work at guitar center, that they have some type of credentials in regards to gear purchasing.  Being a professional musician myself, I try to stay away from GC at all times in order to maintain sanity.  Reason 1As a professional musician, I find that GC doesn't carry anything I would purchase other than drum sticks, gig bags, and miscellaneous items.  Never will I buy a drum set, for they do not carry sizes outside of the butt-rock/heavy metal spectrum.   Never will I buy a cymbal from there, for they have none that sound good, and if there is the chance that they may have an ok K zildj, it's monstrously overpriced.  They don't even carry the drum heads I use.Reason 2The douchebags.  The last thing I need when I'm coming in to pick up some sticks, or a hardware accessory, is dude telling me what he thinks I should buy.  Usually I try to be nice, but once in a while I have to go off.  Like:"You should check out the Dennis Chambers Stick", says Guitar Center Douche."No thanks, I like those peter erskine ride sticks quite fine", me."I'm telling you, if you're doing Jazz, those Dennis Chambers sticks are the way to go.  I always use them when I play Jazz." Guitar Center Douche."Oh really, when's that, at your house at night, cause I've never seen you out at any of the clubs playing." Me."yeah, well I mostly play metal." Guitar Center Douche."Yeah, will I mostly play jazz, as my job, so don't try to upsell me on sticks." Me.This reasons is echoed throughout every musician I hang with.  The most recent horror story was about my friend try to buy a PRS guitar from them that they accidentally sold while it was on hold for him.  The floor clerk had this to say: "Sorry about that dude, how about I go grab a strat of the wall for you."  If you play guitar, then you know someone shopping for a PRS probably doesn't need another strat, and you'd think a professional guitar salesman would know too. Reason 3They treat their product like shit.  I don't know how many times I've heard of people getting drum sets, and the dude wheeling out a damaged box, saying the drums are fine, only to find the shells being damaged when they got them home.  Also, I've seen one of my buddies go through 4 different premier kits, because the shells were out of round.  The GC dude says it must be the boat ride, we called Premier, and they said they ship all their kits via airplane.  If you buy a guitar there, take it into a luthier immediately, because GC doesn't tech any of their gear, they just put strings on and hang it on the wall.Reason 4Guitar wanking in the store...  There's nothing that makes me want to beat my head into a wall more than 3 to 6 dudes demoing guitars playing Metallica licks really badly.  This also goes for really loud crappy drum solo guy and couldn't play a melody on keyboard piano dude.Reason 5Their Pro Audio section is the least pro I've seen.  It's like mid grade.  Poor mic selection too.Reason 6Their online service has much better selection, way better prices, and a better atmosphere.I understand that all the good ratings are coming from people that don't have such a critical sense of musical gear, but this is understandable for weekend warriors and hobbyists.  As a professional musician, I stand behind local shops like Milanos, where one can get some personal service from a dude that really knows his shit about drums, and pay into the community rather than this megalithic Douche Center.
3	I'll go three stars.  For Phoenix, it's good to have some of these around to keep a large selection of instruments floating around the valley.Yes, GC is the devil, who puts little guys out of biz while bringing up the douche quality of musicians everywhere.  They have annoying sales people who are dangerously uninformed while being horribly brash.  They have plenty of crap product and they will sell it to you with glee.There are a few saving graces.  1) I play acoustic guitars.  They have a nice selection at several price points which aren't all that horribly priced.  You can play the $3k Martins without being bugged and can stay for hours (sometimes a bad thing when old farts decide to play concerts loudly) 2) The sales people are dying to make a sale.  If you are going to spend money, they will bargain, just have to push.  3) If you buy used stuff from them from a brand they don't really carry, it may be priced to get out the door.  They are afraid they won't sell the stuff and it will just take up space.I hate guitar center except for the acoustic room.  There's always someone playing everything too loud.  The staff will always show off on your interest before they let you play it.  They are the Walmart of music.
1	At this point I am never making a major purchase at Guitar Center again. Their trade in policy is a joke especially to customers who have been purchasing for years. I tried trading a decently valued US made guitar for a foreign one, well within the same price range. They made an insulting offer for the trade and blamed it on, of course, the recession.They're absolutely right! There is a recession! That's why when I was there to trade that night there were NO customers in the store! But this is not due to the recession alone. Several musicians are getting sick and tired of being robbed and cheated with Guitar Center's complete lack of respect to the music community which they court for business.From now on, any major purchase I will be doing will be with American musical Supply, zZounds, even Best Buy! No more Guitar Center!
2	Eh. Just further proves I really am not a chain type of person. Swung in here over the weekend with a friend hoping to score some sheet music (not entire volumes of collections) for the guitar and maybe the piano and have a guitar restrung. Store seemed small and cramped and the music selection leaves everything to be desired. It was sad. There were no individual songs and even the amount of books was small also.On the plus side, everyone was nice, and they did restring the guitar while we grabbed some food. However, I still prefer my small local music stores.
3	I only bought strings but the guy gave me a discount because of the quantity. Wasn't expecting that. But the checkout "line" is a complete cluster eff
3	Ah GC my go to place when I need some new equipment for my drums.  I do like GC because they usually have what I am looking for and if I have to special order something it is usually there pretty quickly, so I will give them props to that, and I don't think that they are too overpriced like some people may think.   What I don't like about GC.   One they don't offer every type of name brand instruments.  2, the staff are usually still stuck in the 80's and I can usually out play all of them.  3, people trying out equipment who just suck at playing.  It's god damn annoying.   But in all seriousness if you need a piece of equipment for recording, dj'ing, lighting, amps, keyboards, guitars, or drums, they will have a good enough selection that you can definitely get by and have a great sound!!
3	I only went here because my boyfriend is a musician and needed some picks but I agree with the other poster who said it was like the Walmart of guitar centers. Although the employees were at least friendly, there was no personal touch to anything and some of the equipment was overpriced. There was just a douchey air over everything. No thanks
4	I would say this place is like a playground for me, definitely a heaven for musicians. They carry all the instruments from guitars, drums, harmonicas, bass, tamborine, keyboards, even DJ equipment and most surprisingly they even have lightings and disco balls which I find hilarious cause I always wanna have one for my bedroom (well probably one day..). My first impression when I walk into the store is finding how noisy it is, probably because all the customers can try out the instrument with amplifier and just play it right on the spot, if we are lucky enough, we would hear a really good music coming out from all that amplifier, but most likely every time I go there, I always find people who try out their instruments like they are having a rock concert, banging and strumming it out loud (if you are having a headache, stomachache or toothache definitely not recommended to step into this place without ear plug). The minus is they don't carry all of the brands. It really hard for me to find Warwick bass and they have to order it from another store and they told me if I return it I must cover the shipping fee, which is totally surprising consider the store which they gonna take the bass from is not charging any shipping cost. The good side of Guitar Center that I really like is having a really good sales like Paul. He's always there to guide me whenever I need something and really patient in giving thoughts and ideas or even fixing my instruments. The other thing that I enjoy the most is they always have a really good sale (discounts) and they can match the price if you found cheaper price from other store (even online ones). The manager also offer to cover 50% of the insurance so you only paid half of the insurance price whether its 1 or 2 yrs warranty. Overall if you need instruments without any specific requirements and just need something ready and handy, this is the place to go.
4	I have bought 4 guitars here in the past 6 years and 1 acoustic bass. They all sound excellent aside from the Ibanez acoustic dreadnought. There were a lot of muted notes up higher on the fretboard. I can't complain too much because it was originally a $400 guitar that was price at $100 for their Labor Day special that they throw every year. That's where I got my Fender acoustic for $200, which was originally $800. Plus they have an extensive line of strings and parts if you are in need of repairing something. Personally I have never checked out anything other than their guitar section, but they also have other rooms with drum equipment and tons of stuff for DJ's and music production.
4	My background: Professional musician.  Keyboardist.  Play in a band and solo gigs. Pros: 1.  GC is a 'hands-on' environment.  You can play the gear without asking permission or getting dirty looks from the staff as in many music stores.  (This fact also has a downside--see below)2.  Comprehensive--not exhaustive--selection.  I'm a keyboardist, and the selection of boards is quite good.  Audio/PA gear selection is decent but not great.  I can't speak for drums, guitars, etc.  The well-heeled, extremely discriminating buyers probably won't find all of the high-end gear they're looking for but that obviously isn't the target demographic for this mostly mid-level establishment.  3.  Friendly, helpful staff.  As many times as I've been in the Tempe store, I don't recall ever encountering a staffer with a bad attitude or even that was pushy.  Knowledge level varies, but many of these folks are musicians and try their best to be helpful.  4.  Price matching.  First of all, for those reviewers who have complained about the high prices, please be aware that GC will price match pretty much any other seller, including those on the Net.  When I've decided on a piece of gear, I do a web search on the make and model and get the lowest price.  Then I go to GC (or, as the case may be, I might already be there, having done my web search on my smartphone), tell the salesperson that if they match the web price I will make a purchase, and then walk out with the item.  Not once have they failed to price match.  I pay no attention to the price tags or promotional sales--the real price is the lowest price on the Net, period.  GC makes most of their money on moving a high quantity of merchandise, not on high profit margins. 5.  Convenience.  The Tempe store is just a mile from the freeway and is open til 9pm.  I don't mind buying gear off the web but it's nice to just drive to the store and take it home.  I've also been bailed out by GC in emergency situations where I realize that a piece of equipment is malfunctioning or missing and I need to replace it just before going on stage.  Cons: 1. As mentioned above, GC is a hands-on store, and that unfortunately means--as other reviewers have pointed out--that you're subject to a lot of noise while shopping.  Especially, it seems, terrible metal wannabe guitarists and, in the keyboard section, would-be composers playing with sequencers.  When demoing a keyboard, I always either ask a salesman to borrow a set of headphones (they always accommodate me), or I bring my earbuds so I can tune out the tinkerers.  2.  Items on the showroom floor are not always in stock.  If you already know what you want, it's a good idea to call ahead to verify that it's actually in the store.  GC is not a high-end, mom-and-pop store.  And, yes, it unfortunately has likely put some independent stores out of business.   The flip side is that it has a far greater inventory and selection than most independents (this includes Milano's, mentioned by one other reviewer.  Don't get me wrong--I love Milano's and the folks there.  It's a great store, especially for sheet music, band equipment, and PA rentals.  But the selection of professional gear is nowhere near that of GC, understandably.)If you approach GC understanding what it is, you'll find that the concept is fairly well executed and the staff is friendly and helpful.
3	As a recording studio owner and recording artist, Guitar Center is a good place if you are in a pinch and need a piece of gear locally. Also, they're good if you want to go and demo a piece of hardware before you buy. With that said, their prices are generally too high, especially in comparison to online retailers like musicians friend and amazon. Although, sometimes, depending on the sales person you talk to (because all the employees there work on commission im fairly certain) will sometimes work a deal out for you that is comparable. Their selection is not great, but its good enough to do some shopping as I said if you need something right now.
5	This place as with other guitar centers I've been to was great.  I think people like to slam it because it is a corporate giant and any true "artist" wouldn't stand for such a place.  If you want to try a guitar or instrument, go there and try it.  If you want to buy an instrument there, buy it.If you've found a better deal online, mention it and they'll match it and usually beat it.If you live out of town order it and they'll ship it.  For free!If they don't have what you want, they'll order it and still match or beat prices.No need to be elitist or pompous, just go here and use a huge volume corporation to your advantage.
1	For those of you who only read partial reviews--this review is about Guitar Center as a COMPANY and not this individual location.  I admit that outright.I usually give 4s and 5s.  I'm one of those people who has positive things to say about just about anywhere...but not here.  Don't get me wrong--I have no problem with this individual location.  I have been trying to order something site-to-store from the parent company website for three days.  First, they advertised it as one price but as soon as it went into my cart it showed up as costing $100 more!  Because of our timeline, I ordered the item.  Well, Guitar Center must have a HUGE amount of fraud, because my credit card was instantly shut down (and I buy a lot of weird stuff, a lot of stuff online, spend money in different countries all the time, etc--this was NOT an expensive item, either)..  WOW!  So once I get that cleared up, I sent a screen shot of the original price--a price that I had confirmed via telephone with GC CS rep Preston.  They "lost" my first screen shot.  I re-sent it, and uploaded it to a server to provide them with a URL...so this time they couldn't lose it.  All the while, EVERY agent asked me to call them on the phone to re-order.  I went through a friend's affiliate link after they told me about GC, giving them appropriate credit for the sale--so this unscrupulous company was actually trying to get out of giving credit under the terms of their OWN affiliate program!  So now they're claiming they have to cancel my order and I have to re-order via the phone, or they cannot honor their own coupon code.Well, the STORE might be just fine.  I don't know.  I didn't make it that far.  But I can tell you that the parent operation is questionable.  I'd rather give my business to a more ethical operation.  Sorry, GC Tempe...4 kids and who knows how many more musical instruments, and GuitarCenter.com lost you my business.
4	This place has been really good to me! The Tempe location is spot on! I'm against huge corporate places like the majority of people posting on here but here's the thing -- I went to a mom and pop shop and I was nearly scammed! They had no problem taking my money and sending me on my way with a piece of crap guitar. Tempe GC hooked me up, no pressure to buy, no hassle refunds or exchanges. Nice guys, great used gear!
1	Not a fan at all. While I'm not a musician my boyfriend is and I bought him a new amp for his new electric guitar I purchased for Christmas. Well we decided that he wanted to get a different amp elsewhere and when I went to return the amp WITH the receipt which I paid in CASH I was told they will not do any cash returns. So my options were to have a store gift card (ha! I think not), or have them put it onto a debit or credit card of my choice, which takes 5 damn days to process. That is extremely unprofessional, inconvenient,  and what a way to screw your customer over. So I allowed them to put it on my debit card, like I said even though I originally paid with cash and now have to wait 5 days for my money to be returned. I will never go back here again and my boyfriend agrees we'll go elsewhere for his musical needs as there are better stores out there who have policies that respect customers and don't have employees who call you "dude".
1	If zero stars were a choice that is what I would give them. Bought a GC guitar cable there for $25. 1st time I used it found out the threads were stripped on the end and the cable was shorting out.  Took it back expecting they would replace it - but no...  They refused to replace it since I did not bring the reciept - and would not even look on the computer to see that I had bought it there - they just tried to sell me a high priced monster cable ripoff for $75.  They would not even give me any credit at all for trade in so I could get a better cable.  I asked the clerk to throw it in the trash for me and he said no he could not do that.  I threw it in the trash in front of them and walked out - no words at all from the jerk manager.  Wow, these guys know NOTHING about customer service (customer is always right - treat them right with total customer satisfaction and you have a loyal customer forever???)  BTW, I had seen a new HSS strat in there that I was going to add to my collection for $1350 - but you can be damn sure I will not buy it from them. This is the 2nd time I have been belittled and disrespected in the elliot store.  I bought a mackie p.a. from them and they would not work with me at all when I had electrical issues with it.  I will go to MILANOS from now on - where you can always get personal service from a business that respects you.
2	I just now visited the store to inquire about a furniture stand for a discontinued digital piano.  As much as I hate to say it, my experience with the sales associate was pathetic. He could not have seemed less interested in helping me find a fit for my piano, did not know answers to my questions, and despite my various approaches made no attempt to find out for me. "It could work, I guess" and "we don't accept returns on special orders" was about all I could get out of him. Not acceptable! The only reason why I'm giving this experience two stars instead of one is for the cheery young woman (with the bangs) at the entrance who at least tried to be helpful. I won't be back.
2	I don't think that I can add much to the already posted reviews, but here goes.GC is definitely the Walmart of music stores.  It's OK in a pinch, but you wouldn't want it as your mainstay music store.  Support the small shops whenever you can.The one good thing about GC is the reason you don't really want to shop there, their return policy.  they'll take anything back.  Keep that in mind when you are buying something "new" there.  Also, there are tons of people who don't know what they are doing going in there everyday and kicking the crap out of their gear.  If you buy something high on the wall or out of a glass case, you are probably relatively safe.Protip:  You can shop online and have stuff shipped to store and pick it up there, you can save a lot of money on shipping.Protip 2:  GC, GC.com, and Musician's Friend are all THE SAME thing.
1	Where do I begin. I had a bad experience with this location years ago and banned them on a personal level.  Well after some time I mustered up the courage to go in there due to wanting to upgrade my instruments, it was a ok experience but the guitar salesman don't know customer service of sales skills. I wanted a low grade seven string and told them of that but they didn't care, I was not familiar with them being a six string fanatic. Well I had it for awhile and decided to go to a eight string, of course they knew it all and when I made my choice they weren't happy.  I brought it back a few days later due to finding a different one online that I liked better. They couldn't refund my money and had to issue me a in store credit....wtf. That whole process took longer than expected but I got my guitar.Well a few days ago I went in and wanted to upgrade my distortion pedal. I wanted the metal core one and knew if I didn't like I could return. Well it was priced at one price and they sd due to it being a clearance item and vendor only they had to order. Well when it came time to ring it up it was higher priced, the salesman attempted to satisfy it but he called a supervisor over to adjust and  he sd no only the vendor could do it and nothing else. Well I bought a cable and walked out pretty pissed off. I called the Mesa location to file a complaint and Tt the store manager. I told her what happened and how I was annoyed about it but nothing else. I wasn't asking for a discount or freebie, well she took it upon herself to order the pedal for me and do the price adjustment and had no issue doing it, all the while I wasn't intending to get it for that price but wanting to complain. To me that is going above and beyond for customer service and I will be doing my business at that location from low on.
5	When Pro-Coverage gave me the run around for a couple of weeks, I finally came into the store and Kyle came through! Thanks again for the help! Highly recommend this location for all your audio needs!
4	Have purchased numerous items from this location. Staff has always been very helpful in assisting in selecting the right components to meet my requirements. Have purchased musical instruments sound equipment and stage lighting. Have obtained very good pricing on all of my purchases.
