5	All I can say is, oh.my.god.Purple Reign is amazing.  He looks like Prince, acts like Prince, sounds like Prince.  This show was fun, fun, fun.  IF  you like Prince.  We saw Purple Reign at the Monte Carlo Brew Pup.  The Monte Carlo is dead but PR draws them in.  they also play at the HOB Mandalay Bay and at Santa Fe Station.  People were dancing and having a GREAT time.  It's a very fun show and it's FREE!If you do like Prince and dream of the days when you were young and Prince still had amazing music, go see this show.
5	This was going to be my 200th review, but I lost count and did Greyhound instead.  So for number 201:  Purple Reign.This is a show you probably need to see for yourself to understand, but they are amazing.  They perform Friday, Saturday, and Sunday nights.  I know Friday night is currently at South Point, and Sunday night is currently at House of Blues in Mandalay Bay.  I saw both of those shows, and they were both a blast!  The friday night show is in a larger venue, so it's a little different scene, and the Sunday night show seems to be more of a local scene.  It's ten dollars for visitors on Sunday nights and free for locals.  On Friday nights, it's free for all.  The show is so much fun.  They do about equal parts Prince and Morris Day and The Time.  The band members work their personas wonderfully.  "Time to get WILD AND LOOSE!"I have seen the show twice in two weeks, and I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Hell Yes!  Okay, I must preface that I have seen "Prince" or the impersonator previously known as Prince like six times since the time he was performing at the infamous "Boardwalk".  That place was sketch.  Since then, he has moved on to bigger and better things.  Namely, the HOB at Mandalay Bay.  Also, the Letterman show.  Check out the link. http://www.myspace.com/purplereignlasvegas   The show is fabulous fun.  Sure a little risque, not really for the kiddies, but the grown ups have a great time.  The crowd is a great mix of locals (they get in free), tourists, some livin-large ladies, and always a crazy dude out on the dance floor.  Not only is the set always great, some times reaching way back to rarities and b-sides, but the DJ during the break between sets will make you dance your pants off.  He must be like the greatest DJ, ever, except for Girl Talk of course.  I think he is a DJ on 91.3 or something if that makes sense to you Las Vegas locals.Okay, back to Purple Reign.  Just see it.  In fact, extend your trip through Sunday night just to see it.  It is the best 10 bucks you will spend in Vegas.
5	Woohoo! We partied allllll night like it was 1999! This show is F-A-B-U-LOUS! We went for a bachlorette party. Picture it: 1 bride to be+9 ladies+Prince+Jerome+lots of Purple nipples (the drink!) = one fun night! Not only did all the performers looks and sound like the real thing, they really put on an awesome show! We watched the one at House of Blues in Mandalay Bay. Show starts at 9:30ish, and at first I thought, wow, this is gonna be a quick show. Boy I was wrong! They performed for about 1 1/2 hours and then had like a 45 minute intermission where a DJ came on and played all the jams (and not just Prince music, but club/dance music)! Then they came back out again, performed for another hour or so, then the night ended with more DJ and dancing. We didn't leave till after 1, drunk as hell and so happy we got in some dancing too (which we weren't expecting!). Extra bonus - madd cheap! The show is free for locals (with ID) or $10 pp. We got a few of those coupon booklets out of the taxi cabs and there was a BOGO coupon. So the 10 of us all got in for $25 - talk about a steal! I woulda paid the full $10 anyhow cuz it was that good. All Prince fans, make a stop at this show. Just as good as the real thing!
5	Anybody that knows me knows that I am a Prince SUPERFAN.  I have seen Purple Reign perform many times over the years and every time I go to Las Vegas, I am all up on this show.  My very first time seeing Jason Tenner perform as Prince, it was back in 2004 and at that time, the show was FREE and they were at The Boardwalk Hotel.  I was playing cards when my eyes caught this little man who looked strikingly like my future husband and baby daddy...PRINCE!!  I nearly lost my mind...I moved closer to the stage, breaking my winning streak at the Blackjack table so I could get a better look.  Oh..My...God..I was completely blown away by how well he got down Prince's mannerisms, stage presence and even his voice down.  It was freakin' amazing.  This guy is extremely talented in his own right, but dayum, I mean, I have seen Prince live and this guy could perform right next to him..seriously.  It was like watching the real thing.  The band is awesome, Jason Tenner can play the guitar quite well and even has the dance moves down.  I would say, his version of Prince would span from the Purple Rain era to say..errrm "The Most Beautiful Girl In the World" era around 1994 or so.To sum it up, this show should not be missed. They are now playing at the House of Blues at Mandalay Bay on Sunday nights and they also have a version of  The Time that performs with them as well who are also pretty freakin' good.  Now, all they need is to add a Sheila E impersonator and we are golden.  I will be heading back to Las Vegas in October so, of course this where you'll know to find me on Sunday nights.  You will definitely enjoy this show if you have a smidgen of fondness for Prince.  Highly recommended!
4	Super fun show but the Morris Day stuff got a little annoying over time.  "Prince" is so right on and fab!  The DJ in between sets was great.  He had all of us 30 somethings dancing in our chairs with his excellent mash up of songs!  He even had GnR as a "club" mix song!
5	They are now at the Hooters Hotel and Casino on Fridays, Saturdays and Sunday nights at 11pm for $24.99 which also includes free admission and a free drink to the Dixie's Dam Bar within the hotel.  A STEAL for a show of this caliber in Las Vegas!  Fun fun and MORE fun! This show was awesome! I lost my voice from screaming like a maniac and singing at the top of my lungs to all my favorite Prince and The Time songs.  What a performance! Best show hands down on the Strip. See for yourself!  Oh sorry Thunder from Down Under guys, but this by far tops your show.P.S. MY BAD.  The 19.99 price is ONLY FOR LOCALS.  If you are not living in Las Vegas the price is 24.99 which is still a steal. We got charged the 19.99 price because the person who sold us the tickets was mad cool so if you have skills I guess you can save the $5 :)
5	I have converted my boyfriend.  This is the best show on The Strip, hands down.  I mean, we got to slow dance to a live version of "Purple Rain" and these guys actually sound like the real thing.  You can't beat that!  Another fun night, we had a blast!!
5	The next best thing to seeing Prince perform live in Las Vegas is seeing the Purple Reign cover band performing live in his honor.  I mean, they really put on quite a good show.  I was very impressed with the quality of the vocals, the tightness of the band, and the accompanying performances matched to the different songs.  The more risque numbers like "Gett Off" and "Darling Nikki" were especially entertaining -- the interaction with the go-go dancer was hot!  With "Raspberry Beret", said dancer was wearing a raspberry beret and not much else.  Culminating with "Purple Rain", my girlfriend and I took the opportunity to slow dance with each other.  It was an amazing night!  Some details:  the tickets include a complimentary cocktail which can be enjoyed after the concert at the adjacent nightclub.  The only drawback of the entire experience was the venue as Hooter's is not exactly the nicest casino on the strip.
5	Best show in Vegas. Hands down. A blast every time. Worked with these guys over at HOB and I became a fan. Still go see them every onece in a while at Hooters now. Will be going next week again! Highly recommended and the guys are great. Very friendly and funny. Wish they were at a better venue. Hooters is really skeezy.
5	Mom was in town this weekend and she was so excited to see Purple Reign again. As always, they did not disappoint. I would highly recommend going to see this show. I used to work with these guys when they were at HOB and became a huge fan. The fact that they are so friendly and nice just makes it so much easier to be a fan. In fact, I was in line to buy tickets and one of the guys saw me and called me over. He walked the four of us in without tickets. I have never paid for the show but I would in a heartbeat. I wish the crowd had been a little better on Saturday night. The audience participation was lacking a bit. After the show the band went next door to Dixies for an "afterparty". Not the sexiest place in town but its ok I guess.Downers: Hooters is a dump. The bar is really small and the bartender was kind of clueless. My girlfriend thinks the vodka was not really filled with vodka because she was not even buzzed after a few drinks. The seating in the theater is not that great.I am really happy for the guys that they are considered a "show" now instead of just a "club act" and that they sell tickets instead of cover charge now. But... I always had more fun when they were at HOB and it was first come first serve for seating and then standing room only after that. The place was always packed and the dance floor was always full and everyone had a blast. At Hooters theater everyone pretty much just sits and watches the show.That is the only part of it that I don't like but it is not the bands fault so they still get 5 stars!
5	My wife and I went to this show and it rocked.  The guy looks, sings, dances and has the exact same mannerisms as Prince.  I have always regretted missing Prince's last tour while I lived in Kansas City but this made up for it.  I just wished that they would have played P-Control and Darlin' Nikki.
5	So my BFF found this show and we almost peed our pants at the idea, and immediately bought tickets for my 30th birthday. THe best $25 you'll spend in Vegas.The guitarist was AMAZING (and kinda hot)!! The bassist was AMAZING! I was really impressed! Don't get me wrong...Hooters Hotel is NASTY. You feel dirty there. It smells so bad. The people we saw were kinda trashy. And, as a group of 4 women...it just felt weird and kinda gross.There were these dancers that were kind of just lingering around that drove me and my friends crazy - this guy with over greased, slicked straight hair...I just wanted to wash and press it over again. I coudln't stand it! And then there was this chick wiggling on the stage...she kept me laughing the whole time. She was beautiful, and sexy, and I had no idea why she was on the stage.i would advise you to arrive a little late because the show is long. I would totally go again!
5	This show was EXCELLENT!!!  I have been a Prince fan for years and I have been fortunate to see him live a few times. This is the closest to the real thing you can get. The performers totally captured the Purple One and the Time. I felt like I was at a performance by the genuine articles but closer to the stage than I could have imagined. Definitely a "go see and experience".  Well worth the money and time and be ready to yell, dance and re-live some great music!  If you are a Prince fan or you want to see a good show, this is the one to see.  Eat before you get there because Hooters sucks when it comes to food!
5	I'm never washing my shoulder again, PRINCE TOUCHED ME! Call me dirty or nasty if you want... but I'm a happy dirty girl. Well... maybe not the actual "real Prince" but hell, I'm pretty sure most of the crowd in Hooters tonight would not be able to tell the difference if it was him or not. ;-)If you are an 80's Fan, Prince Fan, Funk Fan,Morris Day & The Time Fan, You enjoy Sexy Go Go Dancer's or just plain out Spectacular Live Music then "PURPLE REIGN" should be on the top of your LAS VEGAS list!Hands down the best night I had in Vegas was at the Purple Reign show. Not only does this cover band and performer sound and look EXACTLY like prince but they covered every single favorite song of mine and they had MORRIS DAY perform.Morris Day was so on point and hilarious!! I might even dare to say that I enjoyed watching him and his mirror and group dancing more than Prince. It was just icing on the cake and it kept coming and coming. Grab your girlfriends, grab your man, grab your funky mom or aunt or grandma and get your tush to this show! If you grew up appreciating great R&B and FUNK than Purple Reign will not let you down.Finally a performance where they encourage you do get up and SHAKE THAT THANG! ;-)- Thank you Natasha L. for your suggestion. You "made" my trip!
4	This is definitely an entertaining show and certainly a memorable one. It's unlikely that you will not enjoy this show even if you're not a huge Prince fan. The show is performed flawlessly from the music to the dance moves. These guys are really, really good musicians and the show has a somewhat comical, sexy design. There is however, a strange intermission with a performer I have never heard of but it just leaves you waiting for more Prince. I've never had the opportunity to the the real Prince but this show made me feel like I have. I'll just pretend...
5	If you love Prince, there is no excuse not to see this. Trust me, it will NOT be a waste of your time or money. Honestly, can any Prince fan turn down a Prince tribute show in Vegas? I don't think I'd pay to see a tribute show anywhere else... and I'm not sure if I'll see a better tribute show anywhere else. I'm not taking any stars off even though the Hooters Casino and its Mad Onion restaurant are mediocre at best. I also refuse to take off any stars because they didn't perform "I Would Die 4 U" or "Cream". (They DID play "Erotic City" and "Gett Off", which were pleasant surprises.)  I can't give this show anything less than 5 stars because Purple Reign was pretty much flawless in its execution, even down to the little details such as stage banter.I definitely would not have been bored if it was all Prince the whole way through, but the Morris Day segments changed the pace up a bit and certainly didn't make the show any less entertaining. It was high energy all the way. Everyone was a genuine, natural performer who knew how to keep the crowd going. I mean to be able to pull off a Prince tribute show that effectively, you HAVE to have talent and skills. This is the closest I'll ever get to seeing Prince live, and definitely in that small of a venue, that close to the stage, and in that price range. I can't complain. I may be a little biased here, but you'll probably enjoy this if you're not a Prince fan.
5	BOMB MF'n ShowDont miss this if you're in vegas. Cant really say more than the other reviews except these tipsget coupons in the casino or better yet if you know a local have them get the tickets for 1/2 priceget in line early if you want the best seats (like 40min)no outside drinks and the inside bar is good and cheaplate show always
4	Yes I have seen this show not only once but twice! First on their opening night at Hooter's and the second was on their one year anniversary there! INDUSTRY NIGHT! Thank you Hooter's!Purple Reign captures re-creates the awesome performances and raw energy of Prince in his prime and returns you to the era that made "The Artist". Added bonus is that Morris Day and The Time tribute act is part of the show as well! This show is a must see as there is a small dance floor in front of the stage you can groove on as well!The best Prince performer in the WORLD! Without a doubt! He is awesome and they all love their fans it is obvious!This show is underrated and should be in a larger venue at a better hotel, such as a 4 or 5 star resort, better suited for Luxor or NY NY or even Monte Carlo or Treasure Island.  Tickets are cheap, a great 1 1/2 hours of pure fun and excitement for around $30 pp, wow you really get a bang for your buck with this show. The tickets are easily worth closer to $75 bucks a person and would be a steal of a deal at that, seriously this show is that good!Sometimes you can even get two for one tickets at the property directly!Loved this show! I am sure I will be seeing it for a third time!
5	Great show! "Prince" did not look exactly like Prince, but it was good enough for me.  His impersonation was awesome- splits, adlibs, footwork, even the faces Prince makes when he does guitar. The rest of the cast was great as well.  Especially, the one on guitar. He tore it up!  The dancer was great as well.Morris Day was good, but could have used a little more something. I don't know... I was happy though.Please remember this is Prince in his Purple Rain era and it is Vegas. So, it is rated R (for those of you who have seen Prince recently and are expecting a more mellow Prince.)Reasonably priced as well.The only "issue" we had was with the cocktail server who gave attitude (she expected us to pay for the new drink) when I asked for a drink to be replaced because it tasted like margarita mix without the alcohol. I asked for the manager, quickly explained the situation, drink was replaced without charge. I'm not taking stars off for this incident because that has to do with the establishment and not the Purple Reign Show itself. If you love Prince, and are in Vegas, GO.
5	LOVED IT!!!  Almost like seeing the man himself!  Had so much fun!
5	This show was awesome!  Went to the show with my bf, who had no real interest in going.  Jason the Prince impersonator, may not look exactly like the real thing but he was close enough to let my imagination run wild!  Just when I thought the show couldn't get much better out comes the Morris Day impersonator, looking pretty & performing "Jungle Love"!  Watching these amazing talents replicate the mannerisms & facial expressions of the originals was too much fun.  One of the best parts is that Prince's songs are so well known that there wasn't a boring moment.  And Jason's dance moves were saucy enough that I had to order a cool beverage.  This show had me getting my boogy on for 2 hours straight!  Needless to say, my not so excited boyfriend was raving after the show!
5	This show was awesome. All of the going's on of a Prince show. The dancer was great ,the guitar player was the best and the bass player looked board at times but she was very good. The only not great part of the show was the Morris Day guy. He was super horrible! He needs to be replaced in a hurry.  But over all the "Prince" was great. I greeted him after the show and he was very nice. This is a must see if you go to Vegas!!
5	I always catch this show anytime I go to Vegas.  Do not miss this.
5	Saying I enjoyed myself is an understatement!  I am sooooo happy my cousin's boyfriend recommended this show.  It was awesome.  They are a talented group of individuals.  It also helped that I got specialized attention from Jay, the lead singer.  He really made me feel like Apollonia LOL!  He nails Prince, from the way he sings, dances, plays the guitar and acts to the way he dresses.  I swore I was at a Prince concert!  They played an array of Prince hits, although I was looking forward to the Purple Rain soundtrack.  But it makes perfect since.  They are full of character and it exudes through their performance.  I absolutely loved Morris Day and Jerome.  I was entertained through most of my senses.  I'm not homosexual, but I was definitely gay for the dancer.  She was so sensual and it went well with the Prince vibe.  I was born in the 80's, so I can appreciate the era.  I would totally recommend anyone who appreciates, good live entertainment to see them perform!
4	Great show and worth the long walk to "Hooter's". The band had the crowd worked up to a fever pitch with hit after hit. The Morris Day schtick, while high in energy, was a bit repetitive and made me almost wish there was simply an intermission instead, but once Prince was back all was good in the world. A wonderful group of musicians in their own right delivering spot-on renditions of your favorite hits. Definitely worth full price, but there are lots of 2-for-1 deals available. I found my tix at $35 for two!
5	I've seen this show a number of times at different venues. It simply rocks. The venue here, Hooters Lounge, is relatively small and intimate. I think there were about 100 people seeing the act. Everyone got a seat, all with tables. The show runs close to two hours and there's plenty of entertainment bang for your buck. I guarantee you will like the show. The only downside is it is at Hooters, which is on the pedestrian side. Like just about everyone else, you just roll in and out for the show you are golden.May 2012 Update - The show just moved to the "D" Las Vegas casino/hotel, which is located downtown near the Fremont Experience area. There, the show starts at 10:30 pm and runs until just after midnight. I saw the show here on 7-5-12. While the casino is in a more gritty area, the act is the same. Further, the showroom holds about 100 people. The seating is close and intimate. The majority of seats, including general admission, have a great view of the show. There is a bartender, but no waitress table service. 2013 Update - Purple Reign is now back at Hooters with its own showroom upstairs.2014 Update - They are now at Planet Holloywood.  All of the seats are good, so don't pay for VIP unless you wanna pay extra to sit in the first few rows.  Late 2014 Update - P.R. jumped from the "D" downtown to the newly crowned Westgate (old LVH), which is close to downtown.  The play in the Shimmer Showroom, which is a very nice venue.Tip - get your tickets ahead of time and you may save some cash (Look for discount coupons in the magazines around town). If you buy general admission, just get in line early and you'll get a good seat. All customers are escorted to seats, so there's no bum's rush to get a spot. For VIP tickets, you are just feet from the stage. They will also give you a free T-shirt, which they sell for $20.If you're in the mood to party, this is a great show to see. You'll get plenty of feel good bang for your buck, considering what you can pay for other shows.
2	I really wanted to LOVE this show. I love Prince and his music - I lived through the 80's with him. This show is in Hooters in a small theatre with few good seats. The drinks are spendy and it is difficult to get a waitress. The tribute band plays some good music but tends to not follow the actual progression of Prince's music. The main performer really thinks he is amazing although he only very vaguely resembles Prince. The most obvious thing that is missing is the vocal ability to sound like Prince during the most basic of his repertoire.  There are no high, strong notes. It was disappointing to say the least.There are much better shows to see on the strip
5	Great show!!!! For those of us that weren't born or old enough to see Prince in concert during the Purple Rain days here is your chance!! J is spot on as Prince. I would definitely see the show again.*tipWhen you buy your tickets they tell you to line up early. Don't worry, the theater is not that big and you have great views from all over
5	Great show!  We had a blast and are going to watch the show again.  Since there is no assign seatings, I would suggest to get there early to grab the front row seat!
5	This show is a must see IF you are a Prince fan!!!!! It took me back in time and I truly ENJOYED this show. I saw Prince a few years ago and was a little disappointed that he did not sing some of his old music (for whatever his reasons were). You will get all of the Prince oldies with this show. The show is entertaining and the nostalgia will have you reminiscing. The guy imitating Prince sounded like Prince, had some of his mannerisms, was engaging, funny, and of course sexy (how could you imitate Prince and not be:-) The added bonuses were the Morris Day and the Time tribute and the lovely Prince dancer (this girl was WORKING it!!!). We thoroughly enjoyed the show. Afterwards, if you want, you can take a pic with the cast  - $10 (Prince even kissed me on the cheek - sigh).This place is small so you may want to get there early, if you want to sit up front, although there isn't really a bad seat.
5	This is a must see show! If you love Prince then you will love this show.  The cover band has it down to a " T " nothing is out of place and the interaction is great.  The best thing is that they take time to get to know the crowd and really get it rocking.  All the musicians are extremely talented and friendly.  Hooters also honors the $1.50 beers inside the venue.  This is worth the ticket price!
4	This show was the highlight of my weekend in Vegas - mainly because it was the most fun.  And that says a lot because I was completely sober during the whole thing...I'm a Prince fan, and I love all his music.  This tribute band is primarily focused on his hits during the time of and before Diamonds and Pearls.  I went to this show expecting to hear good music and dance a little and that's exactly what happened.  The band was great!  If you appreciate bands and live music, you'll love this band.  Everyone played well and had their own style based on Prince's Revolution.  The guy on keyboards was jamming and definitely having a great time (or great at faking it because his face was happy-happy).  The lead guitarist was a serious performer and brought the whole group together; you could tell he was the leader of the band.  The bass guitarist was a woman who was incredible - definitely in her 40's and rocking hot pants, and she looked damn good in them.  The drummer was a cutie pie and if I'd had some liquor in me I might have been a little bit of a groupie - and he played furiously too!  Yeah, furiously!  As for the lead singer, he had the most beautiful mouth I've ever seen - a perfect cupid's bow.  He was a good singer, but not comparable to Prince (but who is?).  And I really enjoyed his performance and I think he did his role justice.  There was a dancer shaking her bum very well and she looked good - not to skinny with just enough bum to shake.  I think it's not a Vegas show if a woman isn't shaking her bum or boobs at you at some point. They also had two guys playing Jerome and Morris Day and they really tickled me.  They were like kids playing dress up - and they did a good job with Morris Day's music and persona.  You could buy drinks during the show, but I was not feeling well, so I didn't try them.  Also after the show you could take a photo with the band for $10.  I didn't do that either because of how sick I was. (Who wants a picture of themselves looking ready to hurl?)I would definitely see this show again - inside or outside of Vegas, preferably with a drink in hand and a picture of my hand down the pseudo-Prince's shirt.  So if you're in Vegas, like Prince and want to hear a good band, check out this show.  The ticket price was only $30 which is reasonable for live entertainment.  The only downside is that the show is in the Hooters Casino (where every guy looked like a pervert and every girl looked depressed), but the upside is that you don't have to walk too far inside to buy your tickets and head to the show.  Until next time, party like it's 1999!  (Even though it's 2011.)
3	mehhh...? Maybe it was an off night. I thought that the band was really great..DeAndrea is an exceptional guitar player. It just didn't seem like they had it together. I was dissappointed that some of the songs the band did not do, ie,"when doves cry".  The crowd, which I was a part of, was kind of a dud as well.
5	I was pleased as soon as I entered the theater. The pre-show tunes would please the crankiest and oldest of Prince People. And I would know! Alexander O'Neal, Jesse Johnson, Andre Cymone . Really...the extended version of 'Innocent'?! Damn!! I am pretty sure that I felt my hair get longer on one side while I awaited the show. It was so good that my cousins would have approved unanimously. I almost jumped up and did The Oak Tree!The band is tight and the Prince guy is fun. He has the 'tude necessary to pull it off. He even dealt nicely with the loud chick from Compton that tried to steal the show from the audience. They had a segment of the show where they did some requests, which was fun. I didn't get '17 Days', but they did 'Housequake' and 'Adore.'I highly recommend it, and feel tht they deserve better promotion and a nicer room.Cheap domestics and wells at Hooters. Be sure to tip your waitress.
5	This show is a MUST SEE!  We decided to check it out just because we love Prince and, quite frankly, didn't have anything else to do that night (we don't gamble).  But our expectations were low.  How good could a Prince impersonator in the Hooters casino be?  The answer--- AMAZING!!!   The moment the band took the stage, we were transported to Minneapolis and watching Prince in the flesh!  The signing, the dancing, the musicianship were fantastic!  It was almost surreal watching the way that Jason Tenner channeled Prince---voice, movies, attitude, and all.  And Morris Day and Jerome were equally great.  We danced, we screamed, and by the last number, we were waving our lighters in the air.  And then we went back the next night--when they performed an entirely different but equally hot set.   For the record,  I LOVE Prince and I love good music.  If you are similarly-inclined, you will love this show.
5	Best show in Vegas, even better than the real Prince, trust me I've seen him twice.I'll go to the show each time I'm in Vegas from now on. We are going to OC county fair in July just to see Purple Reign
4	This was not an event that I would have gone were it not for the good fortune of getting free tickets. See, I like Prince, but I don't know a lot of his stuff other than Purple Rain and When Doves Cry. Still, I walked in with the expectation of some cheap lounge act, but I was wrong! This show was cool!The venue is small, and really nothing to brag about. The stage is small-ish, too, which doesn't seem to hinder the performers at all. The main performers (Prince, guitarist, bassist, pianist, drummer, dancer) really put on a great show, as do the two other performers who play Morris Day and someone else. They really get into the performance, as evidenced by their dance moves, mannerisms, and clothing.The actual performance was, in my opinion, really a five-star performance. The dudes really do an awesome job. But why a four-star rating, then? For whatever reason, they seemed to have audio problems there. I felt that the guitars often drowned out the vocals, and the audio technician came out at least four times to play with stuff in the middle of performances. There were also some issues with Prince's guitar not working, feedback, and electrical hissing. The performance owns. The show in it's entirety owns less.
4	During a Yelp event, I signed-up to try and win free tickets to this show. I only signed-up because one, it was free, and two it seemed  like a good idea at the time. Boy, was it a pretty darn good idea. Seeing as how I am writing this review you can probably guess I won the tickets. When I got the call that I won, it took me a second to realized I actually won something...it does not happen very often, but when I accepted the tickets I was pretty stoked and nervous. I honestly, only knew one, maybe two songs and by two I really mean the chorus of one of the songs. I was nervous because I did not want to go into this showroom with all these Prince fans and be judged for not singing along to the songs, but I came out of that showroom wanting to go download some Prince jams on my computer and keep reliving the show in my mind. It was really a fantastic show to watch. I have not seen many Vegas shows at all, but I truly did enjoy this one. They had enthusiasm in all the songs they performed, the skits, and even when they had technical difficulties they still kept their performance up. It was kind of awkward to have this dude in a backwards baseball cap come up to the stage a couple times to help them fix their equipment, but stuff happens right? I liked the dancer girl, but it seemed like she was really just there, nothing really special. She had almost the same moves for each song she performed, but I did like  the parts where she performed with the Prince actor. They were pretty funny together. However, her just standing off by herself dancing, sometimes not even to the rhythm of the song was just OK. I am sure the gentlemen enjoyed her outfits and moves. ;) Maybe even some ladies. All in all I really did enjoy the show and I would have went home the next day to download some prince jams if my computer did not decide to crash. Soon though will I get back to that task and learn a little old fashion R&B/funk.
4	Great show and very entertaining. Get there early for good seats. He will sing your faves, and give you an awesome show. I will be going to see this again! Oh and his costumes are hilarious!
5	Excellent.....You must see this show. My friend and I saw it two nights in a row. The group were very entertaining. Can't wait to see it again!
5	This show was awesome.  I saw it on Friday, 8/3/12 and was entertained from the beginning to the end.  I highly recommend this show. It is showing a The D Hotel off Fremont, which is located on the old Vegas strip downtown.  If you are staying on the strip, it will cost about $25 for a taxi ride.  It was well worth it.  I recommend this show for everyone who visits Vegas.  It's a must see attraction.  If you are wondering why they are located on the old strip, it's not because they are not good.  They have played at several hotels on the strip.  The ticket is worth the cost and the taxi ride.  P
5	One of the best shows in Vegas! This is what prince used to be like.
1	It was my sister's bachelorette party and I bought us all tickets to go to this Prince Tribute show. The show was good. It brought back alot of memories for me and my sisters and the music was a blast. The only messed up thing about this show was the back up dancer. SHE WILL HATE YOU IF YOU ARE PRETTIER THAN HER! I'm not trying to talk crap, just the truth. My little sister is gorgeous. Once the show was over, the dancer immediately starting talking ish to my little sister saying how my sister was hating on her when my little sister was dancing and cheering her on the whole time when she was on stage! She totally killed the mood. Even the "Prince" person said that my sister was pretty and boy oh boy, the dancer did not like that!She pretty much ruined what was supposed to be a good time! So thanks biotch!So the actual "show" was good. The performance was good, but the cast (the dancer and prince)were all stuck up!Morris Day and the other guys were very good though, so kudos to them!
5	Go see it.  So much fun.  Even if you aren't a Prince fan, go with someone who is.  You will dance and have fun!!
5	I catch their show every time I'm in Vegas. Just saw them again this week and as usual, they did not disappoint. The band is tight, and the setlist is choice. As a huge Prince fan, what always amazes me is the incredible attention to detail - the voice, the outfits, the gestures, the banter with the crowd - all are classic Prince.My only complaint is that I truly think Purple Reign is above Hooters. Previously they were in the night owl showroom, which was decent. This time they were in their own space, which was kind of a makeshift theater. I felt kind of bad for them because the space is not at all set up for the audience to dance. Years ago, they played at South Point which was a much better space: better bar service, a huge dancefloor, tables for those who would rather take it easy. It also seems that Hooters cuts the show down a bit. When I saw them at South Point, it was an all night party, Two sets with a great mix of hits and deep cuts. The show is now about 80 minutes, ostensibly to get you back into the casino to spend more money.In short, the show is fantastic, the band is great, and they deserve all of the accolades they've received. I just don't think this venue gives them the literal and figurative room to stretch out and flex their muscle.
5	I first saw Purple Reign in 2004 at the Boardwalk. I saw them again two years later at Mandalay Bay and now again last Friday night.If you're a Prince fan or just a fan of great entertainment, you absolutely MUST see this show. Ticket prices have gone up as of late, but the show is worth every penny. From what I can tell they shake the set list up pretty good and we got a great selection of hits. They even busted out a couple extras that I called out for (7 and I Could Never Take The Place Of Your Man) which was awesome. Everyone in the band is very talented and makes sure you have a great time. Sure the venue (currently Hooters) could be better, but that's no fault of the band so I'm review their performance, not the venue. I honestly have no complaints with this band. GO SEE THIS SHOW!
5	When you go to Las Vegas, you are presented with more entertainment options than any one place should have. There are live acts in Las Vegas that range from a piano bar to extravagant productions with dozens of performers spinning around a room or diving into water. Forget all that. One of the best tickets you can get in Las Vegas is Purple Reign.If you're a fan of Prince, there is no other show to see in Las Vegas. Buy your ticket now and rest assured this will be the funnest show you see during your stay. I've seen this act three times and each time is better than the last. The only thing I can say is disappointing is that there is no dance floor, because this show will make you want to get out of your seat and shake your money maker. The band is tight and would be a worthwhile show all on their own but with the remarkable dancing and singing of the Prince and Morris Day look-alikes, it's magic.I brought a group of coworkers to the show this month during the CES show and everyone loved it and left wondering how they'd never seen the show before. I highly recommend Purple Reign.
5	Great show! A lot of fun, crowd friendly and interactive...If you like to see tribute acts I highly recommend Purple Reign...
5	Great band, talented musicians, great show, a lot of fun. Definitely worth the cover. This show reminded me how much i love Prince's music, and it recreates the fun storyline from the Purple Rain movie.
5	If you are a Prince fan, than look no further! The Purple Reign show is incredible! This show is so much more than impersonation. The artists that perform Prince's greatests hits are musical genious'. You can feel Prince in every note sung & on every instrument played. The venue is very intimate. I was lucky to be in VIP seating. The seating was worth the $$$. I found myself dancing & singing along to every song. If Prince was ever cloned, then this is his equally musically talented twin & then some. Trust me ladies & gentlemen, not only does he have the body & lace outfit to prove it, the Raspberry Beret Lady was warm & didn't wear much more! Pun intended.In between sets, Prince's arch nemisis was present. Yes, Morris Day & the Time showed up. Morris & Jerome were delightful and equally as entertaining. Morris brought his enormous ego along with his vanity mirrors. Morris & Jerome danced & slid across the floor like it was ice on the bottom of their wingtip shoes. Most of all the cattiness between the rivals was classic.This show is stunningly original, entertaining and sexy. It's a must see that will have you amazed.
4	So much Fun!  The preformers are having a great time. The audience is having a great time.  Go see this show.
5	This show is not to be missed.  If you are a true Prince fan, you will appreciate everything.  The band are mega talented musicians.  It's a intimate venue, and interactive.  They also have a bar, and serve drinks.  I suggest buying the VIP tickets, for front of the line, front row seats, and a cool t shirt.
5	This by far was a million times better than I expect I had a blast.
3	Fun show for Prince fans! The downside was we found out the hard way that VIP tickets do not get you seats in the front!! There were 6 of us that pre-purchased VIP tix for the same show. We arrived 10 minutes before the show and they said it was open seating so we ended up behind everyone else. To add to the lack of VIP treatment, the t-shirts we received after the show were either x-small or xx-large. It seemed like they were just clearing out their inventory. They could have at least thrown in a group photo with the cast that they were selling for $10.
3	DO NOT PURCHASE THE VIP PACKAGE!  This includes admission, t-shirt and a line pass (not even sure what that is).  Hooters Hotel offers it for $64.99 but Vegas.com offers it for $54.99 but they charge a convenience fee but still came out $16 cheaper (for 8 folks).  BUT IT'S NOT WORTH IT!  We show up at 9:20pm (that's 10 minutes before the show starts) and get our tickets, where the Hooters employee stamps "VIP SEATING" on our tickets but proceeds to tell me that there are no VIP seats left.  They allowed General Admission ticket holders to fill in the VIP spots.  I quickly said, well what's the point of buying VIP seating tickets?  He had no answer and said I could ask the person (I believe, Elizabeth) once upstairs if there were any VIP seats left.  So, I did that once we were in the theater.  She said there were no more VIP seats as they allowed general admission ticket holders to fill them in.  So I asked her the same question of "what's the point of buying VIP seats"?  She had no answer as well.Then after the show was over, we went to collect our T-shirts that we paid for... and they didn't have the sizes for any of our group of 8.  Men's shirts were only 2XL and women's were small.  Again, why did I pay MORE for VIP tickets with these "benefits" (tickets, VIP seating and T-shirts) when I received none of the benefits?  I don't know and I never will again and hopefully, I'm saving any YELP readers money now.In regards to the show... we had plans to go see Cirque's "O" show but I decided to find good Yelp reviews on shows that might not be your typical Vegas show... and I found Purple Reign.  Had great reviews.  So, I decided to buy tickets for our group.  We were in Vegas for my wife's 40th birthday and she wanted to go after I told her the show premise and reviews.We really liked the actual show.   But the overall experience was soured by our lack of VIP seats!  And they gave away the seats before the actual show started.  So unfortunately, the Purple Reign "experience" only gets 3 stars.  For the artists performing in Purple Reign, you may want to make sure your venue takes care of your guests (the people that are PAYING to see you and support you).  Otherwise, your reviews suffer.
5	For my 200th review I am paying tribute to my man, my prince, since I can not afford the mega bucks on the Real Prince Show this was totally the next best thing!My man surprised me with tickets to Purple Reign in Vegas for my birthday 2 years ago and I was totally hooked. So when I found out they were playing at the OC fair last year I surprised him for his birthday. Both times we really had so much fun and the audience was up singing and dancing with him throughout the show.I can't wait for July 24th when they are at OC fair again!!!!
5	Are you tired of seeing the same old avant garde cirque show for the 10th time. Tired of paying the big bucks to see a concert in Vegas. Well then....... Purple Reign - The Prince tribute show might just be for you. Jason Tenner has been performing this show for a long time. I use to go down to the Boardwalk Casino when the show was free. 10+ years ago. That is how long he has been in town. And you know it has to be a first rate tribute show to survive in Las Vegas for that long. Plus, he was a special guest, on "The Late Show with David Letterman".These days you can catch the show at Hooters Hotel and Casino. The going rate for tickets run around $40.00 dollars. But there are discounts tickets available. You just have to look for them online at those discount ticket sites. If you happen to be a Prince fan.....this show is A MUST SEE!
4	Go see this!
5	Best inexpensive show on the strip.  I loved the outfits and the blast back to the past.
4	If you love Prince and can't afford a $200 ticket to see him live in LA, Purple Reign is a must see. I was in Vegas with the bf and we were looking for something to do at night and stumbled upon this Prince tribute band show. It was awesome. We had some issues finding parking for the hotel where they played. I would suggest to leave a little early.The show is like a short summary of the movie that they're named after. It's very entertaining and they interact with the crowd. The best part was when "Prince" came out in this tight black sheer outfit wearing a thong underneath and he said,"You know how long it took me to feel comfortable in this shit?!?" Pure hilarity. Also, they take pictures with fans after the show.
5	This show was so much fun! We danced, we laughed and had a great time! There were 7 of us in our party and everyone had a great time, even my daughter who is 23 and didn't think she would know any of the songs. They interact with the crowd too which is nice. I would go again!
5	I have seen Prince in concert close to a dozen times.  I've seen him in huge auditoriums, and small venues, alike.  Prince is absolutely untouchable in concert.  Having said that, Purple Reign does a hell of a job as the tribute band.  The music is spot on, the performance is full of energy and enthusiasm, the outfits are great, and the singing is fabulous.  I've seen Purple Reign in concert three times now, once in Vegas, and twice at the Orange County Fair.  I have never been disappointed or felt like I was watching an imitation.  I highly encourage anyone who likes Prince to go see Purple Reign.  The money is far less than you would spend for Prince, but the performance is equal.  Purple Reign has recently moved to Planet Hollywood and there wasn't a bad seat in the house.  The venue was perfect!
5	Absolutely amazing. I would have paid double, they are that great. This show was so hot, it got my panties wet. Not to mention, he has a hot ass. If you are in planet Hollywood theater any seat is great, small venue comfy seats. So worth the VIP seating. Get there now!!!!
4	Saw the show on a Friday night. Pros: 1. Performers were great. Band killed it. 2. Prince and Morris3. Songs!Cons:1. Acoustics. Way too loud for me, especially sitting in the VIP section. Loud doesn't always mean good.  2. Light show. Blinded me repeatedly in the VIP section. (Does the lighting and sound person ever sit in the audience during the show?)3. Songs. No Lady Cabdriver, No Head, No Computer Blue, No 777-9311, No Walk Your Body, No Darling Nikki, No Earthquake, No _____ (insert favorite song). 4. No Wendy and No Lisa!5.  $30 for a beer and two "vodka" and cranberry. The vodka was in the name only. Overall enjoyable show but if you are a Prince fan it leaves you wanting more.
5	This was a great show! A true must see in Vegas! Ray was amazing! We danced we sang and we did "the bird"!
4	The singers were excellent. Guy who plays Prince was incredible- If you never saw the movie you might not get it- but the music was fun. Downside was waiting 30-40 mins in the hellhole back of an old rat trap casino area while a bunch of guys were cleaning up the area - felt like being in a Shining dream with the old carpet and dark area.
4	All of Prince and the time greatest hits. Acts switch out every couple of songs. Guy looks like and sounds like Prince! We bought tickets from tix4tonight for $33 the day of show. Venue was probably 75% full on a Saturday night. They are more expensive from ticketmaster. Performance is interactive with standing singing and dancing. Sometimes music was too loud so i couldnt hear the words although i knew the songs anyway. I would recommend.
5	Outstanding!! Paid extra for VIP seats -- worth it, plus a meet & greet after the show. Great performance! This guy is the real deal, a Las Vegas must! He played for 1hr & 45 min.
5	Great performance!  Couldn't decide what show to see while in Vegas with so many choices, but I'm glad we chose the Purple rain show.  The Band was awesome, performance was spot on and the venue is intimate enough that any seat in the house makes you feel you are a part of the show.  "Prince" is phenomenal!  My only gripe which is minor and has nothing to do with the show in it's self is the start time which is at 10:30 pm but again worth seeing and if you are a fan of Prince you will enjoy it!  Go see it and support the good shows as these guys really give a 100% effort!  Morris day is also a part of the show which is an added bonus!  Felt great doing the bird again...only in Vegas!
4	Me and my sister was in Vegas for a couple days April 19th-21st. We went to the Purple Reign show on that Easter Sunday. Show was great, the guy who plays Prince is dead on. the looks, mannerism, voice and moves i was amazed. The Morris Day came out  and he was dead on too the look and all. Song quite a few favorites and of course the final song was Purple Rain. People were on there feet dancing and singing along. I really recommend this show to any one if you are in Vegas soon. For some reason the last show is May 18th or 19th, not sure why this show will no longer be available but i really enjoyed it and my sisters did too. We purchased the tickets off Group on for $28 and it was worth every penny. If i had spent a little more it still would be worth it.
5	At first I was a sceptic but by the time he started to sing he was actually Prince. This dude is spot on.. This is a must see show. We'll worth what I paid and I'd go see him again.. Impressed I was. So glad  I took in this show...
5	I'm a fan of prince and remember going to see prince in concert many years ago. This was just pure fun and I had a great time. The energy on stage was amazing and worth double the price compared to many other shows. I've never seen a show in las vegas so far that was as fun to date. The theatre is very small and bad seats don't exist at the sin city theatre. If you are fan of prince so to show and have a blast!  The most suprising thing about the show was they did requests.....even on the tracks that most people don't know.....great show.
5	This was an amazing show. The look, sound, mannerisms were spot on! If you travel to Las Vegas, and you are a Prince (and Morris Day/Time) fan, this is a must see Show! My only complaint is that they left me wanting more. I can't wait to go to Las Vegas to see them perform again!
4	Saw the show last Thursday at The D Casino Hotel. Great!It's high energy and fun, and I'm not a big Prince music fan, but I was thoroughly entertained for 90+ minutes. Great music ability, too. The lead guitarist smokes!  The tribute artist is a great performer and his lovely dancer is great, and nice to look at too. Great late show downtown!
5	Our second time seeing this show although at a different venue this time. Just as good this time as the last. Also, they didn't play the same set so we had a different experience. You would have to try to not have fun at this show!
5	Awesome show!!! The music, talent and wardrobe was fantastic!!  If you know Prince u will love it. They even had us get up and do the Bird Dance!! This show is a Must See. They do take pictures prior to show and sell them for $10 not bad for memorabilia!! Never saw this show when they were at Hooters but, the venue here at The D is nice and comfortable seating and cool inside.Definitely a show to see and we will see it again
5	Went to go see this show because I grew up listening to prince and never got to see the REAL prince play in person. This show was so precise and entertaining that by the end of the show you almost forget it's not the real guy. The place is kinda small so no seat is bad, just bring your earplugs because it's a live band and it is loud. Go see this show... You won't be disappointed.
5	Dearly Beloved... we are gathered here today to talk about Purple Reign. I have to admit it was one of my best nights in Vegas. Being  a Prince fan, I was delirious. We upgraded to VIP and sat in the front. Performers playing Prince and Morris Day were top notch singers and entertainers. Only con... drink prices can be a bit high. I am not even sure what it was, but we had a beer and rum for $25. So be warned. May need to ask.  Unless money don't matter tonight.
5	The crowd energy was high everyone was up on their feet dancing. The dancer was great as well like the comment below stated she was pretty amazing and Prince just played the part so well. It almost felt like it was the real thing . A must for die hard Prince fans you wont be disappointed !  They also have tons of surprises which were nice including the wardrobe changes and the special guest ;)  A must in Fremont Street.
5	Excellent show! J is great! A must see in Vegas! I will for sure be going to see this show again next time I'm in town!
4	Since I am from Minnesota, I got to see the real Prince once at his Paisley Park Studio and having had Morris Day ride in my limo back when I was a chauffeur, I thought why not?  Let's see what a Vegas tribute to this little music savant is like.   And all I can say it was Awesome.  Maybe a little too awesome for the small room that it is in.  But still a kick-ass show.Jason Tanner performs as Prince, his character, the clothing and his manners all capture what I imagine a Prince concert would have been like in 1989. Jason and his band also really sell it! They are a tight sounding Prince music machine and you really have that feeling like you are "there" in the concert from Purple Rain.Now what would a Prince/Purple Reign tribute show be without Prince's rival from the movie Morris Day??  Complete with his valet holding the mirror??  Yup, he was there too, Dead On in the impersonation, manners and voice.I think the venue is too small for the loud ending, but Prince was known for a guitar thrashing solos at the end of his shows... And the little vixen he has floating on the stage is ok for the first few minutes but she gets really boring and distracting as the show goes on...
5	Go see this! You will most definitely not be disappointed. Chills. Reeling. Brilliant!
5	I have never seen the real "Prince" in person but after seeing this show, it made me realize everything I've been missing. I really enjoyed myself and will definitely go see him again the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I've seen this show 3x and taken friends each time.  Living in Vegas i've seen A LOT of shows and this is my favorite as it is quite easily the best bang for your dollar, very reasonable.  More importantly, Prince is one of those timeless musicians who is both talented and unique in so many ways.  It really is a great tribute to his work and the work of Morris Day and the Time.Like other reviewers mentioned, if you haven't seen Purple Rain, see the movie then go see the show!One note is that the show is currently at The Westgate Hotel, formerly known as the LVH or Las Vegas Hilton.   It's a little off the strip but if you're staying close to a monorail stop it's super easy as the LVH has it's own monorail stop.  If you're local it's easily worth the short drive/cab ride.The venue is fantastic.  Much better than when they were at the D and/or the Planet Hollywood.  It is tiered so everyone can see the stage well and it's small, no bad seats.  The other venues were fine as well, but this one is superior.Jason Tanner is awesome as Prince and the lead guitar is a great musician (apologies I don't remember his name).  Morris Day and the Time come on and keep up easily with the energy of Tanner and his sets.  I really enjoy seeing Kendrick Harmon as Jerome.  The dancing and choreography and work put into the Morris Day set is obvious.  Seeing the two bands interact with each other (Morris and Prince) is always humorous.    I have now seen this show 3 times and I've never seen another show in Vegas more than once.  I'm sure i'll go a 4th time at some point when some friends are in town again and want to see a great show.If you live in Vegas or are visiting, do yourself a favor and SEE THIS SHOW!   You will thank us :)
5	First of all the show is playing at the Westgate Resort Casino, formerly The LVH, formerly The Las Vegas Hilton.  The show is fantastic, if you are a Prince fan this is a must see show.  Outstanding band the individual who plays Prince has him down his behavior his moves his guitar playing he is great.  I wanted it to last longer and hear more songs.  You will be entertained and glad you saw it.  I will be seeing it again I'm sure.
