5	Great meet-ups! I learn something new each week.
5	I just completed a two day coaching session with Jase to improve my hypnotic stage showmanship. I have to tell you he is the first person I have ever worked with who gave more than he twice as much as he said he was going to deliver. He worked with me to bring out my metaphor and my beingness for my presence on stage. He really cares and goes more than the extra mile for his students. I will hire him again and again and I recommend him to anybody who wants to chance their life and their business.
5	Jase is an amazing speaker coach and business development coach.  Bringing his years of expertise, he is able to elicit the passion of his clients to transform their marketing.His approach is very real and down to earth.  I would highly recommend Jase if you are seeking the expertise to develop your marketing, branding or business message.
5	Jase is one of the best speakers I've ever seen!  He is very real and authentic and committed to delivering way more than participants expect.I highly recommend you try one of Jase's life changing seminars!
5	Jase is one of the best speakers i have ever seen. Really does a great job getting out of you what you don't know is in you. Does an excellent job with marketing. It is easy to see why Jase is is so good at this business, I believe he loves what he is doing. I would recommend Jase to anyone who needs help with speaking, marketing or anything else in business success. Chris C.
5	Jase is not only an outstanding teacher and speaker, but a great friend. You will feel the same when you work with him.T.J. Marrswww.livingfreeandclear.comwww.cashflowwin.com
5	Jase is a fantastic speaker and coach. I have been to several of his workshops and they are excellent! He not only presents great content in an easy to digest fashion, Jase truly cares about people and wants to see his clients succeed. He provides an individualized and well rounded approach  to his training. I have worked with some of the top names in marketing and life coaching and Jase Souder is truly world class.
5	Jase is an amazing coach and an amazing human being. Some people have the gift of teaching complex material and making it seem simple and obvious. Jase is one of those people. Within 24 hours of our first session, I had a break through and accomplished something I had been putting off for years! I give Jase my strongest endorsement. If you're in business and feel like you aren't accomplishing your goals, give Jase a call. He's the read deal!
5	WOW! Jase is one of the best speakers that I have ever heard! He is as real as it gets! If you need to improve any aspect of your sales, business, and even your personal life. One of the things I have always known is that if your personal life is not in the right place your business life can't improve. (Mazlo) Jase is amazing for improvement in all aspects of your world. Even through we just met, I feel like we are best friends. 30 MINUTES WITH JASE WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE FOREVER IF YOU LET IT!
5	I recently had the privilege of listening to Jase at the Equipping the Saints business conference and can I say... He was awesome! He was very informative and gave practical ways to help my business. It was a joy working with you Jase.Good luck in the future and God Bless
5	Jase is a great guy, the material that he teaches is top notch and has helped me in my business tremendously, some of which was hard to do at first but once i got out of my shell I found it to be very enlightening and beneficial. I would recommend his material to anyone who is thinking that they need an edge over their competition or just want to increase there knowledge.
5	Jase is awesome (see a theme?!?)!!! I hired Jase because I felt stuck in so many ways.  He is amazing in how he digs deep, gives me things to read, listen to, then he pulls them all together in a great session which helps me to see where I need to release and grow.  This has truly been a life changing event for me and I am so excited to continue working with Jase over the long run.  If you want to challenge yourself to be better, Jase is your man!  Thank you Jase!
5	It was a pleasure listening to Jase at the 01/23/14 Business Connections of Nevada business meeting.   Jase presented a wonderful thought provoking segment about positioning as a go to Expert and getting influencers in early adopters to talk about your product or service because it's remarkable.   I cannot wait to hear him speak again at a future meeting or go to one of his workshops.
5	Jase spoke at Business Connections of Nevada and did an amazing job.  He has a great way of getting his message across.  He spoke on getting to the influencers of your market and making yourself remarkable.      He is a strong christian and single ladies!
5	Hey, just wanted to drop you a quick message and let you know that I've been listening to your Million Dollar Language and the Persuasion Paradigm courses.  I am a very active Real Estate Investor and Realtor in Texas, and after listening to your courses and working through the workbooks, I have began implementing the different language patters and embedded commands, and the associated non-verbal communication in my sales presentations, and I must tell you how AMAZING this stuff works!  I practiced a little before getting in front of live clients, because at first, it didn't feel natural.  After saying it out loud and getting used to hearing myself say things in a different pattern or way, it has started to become natural.  The first clients that I sat down with and implemented these techniques with, I ended up getting them to sign the Buyer's Representation Agreement and cancel 2 other interviews with competing agents!  It was impressive how well it worked!  So I couldn't wait to use it again and again!  In the 3 weeks since I completed the course, I have picked up 3 buyer clients, and 5 listing clients!  I appreciate you and how easy you've made it to learn this material to make such a HUGE impact on my business!  Thanks so much, and I look forward to working with you more in the future!
5	Jase's seminar was eye-opening and uplifting.  It was an extremely productive half day and I look forward to listening to the additional educational materials that I purchased.  Keep up the great work Jase!
