5	Just got back from shopping at this Albertson's.  It was my first trip here....it's kind of out of my way but is on the route home from my colleague's house, so I decided to give it a shot after I left his house.  It's getting 5 Stars from me.....here's why:- It's new & very clean.- It's large and has a good selection of food items.- The alcohol section is larger than most supermarkets and offers a larger selection of wine than most.- They are the only supermarket I've found that carries my favorite Hot Sauce.....Melinda's.  I bought 3 bottles today to stock up.- Their carts are clean and in good condition.  Nothing makes me more frustrated when I'm at the grocery store than junky shopping carts.- They have self-checkout registers.Will I return?  You bet your Hot Sauce I will!
5	This is my new favorite neighborhood grocery store.  I came here to pick  up some Multi-Grain Tortillas for some Quesadillas I was planning to make for dinner.....ending up finding some other cool stuff (see pics).The find of all finds - Whole Wheat Pizza Dough! What?!  I'm making Pizza next week for dinner.I'll be back!
3	I love going to Albertons based on convenience.  I like this location and it's staff.  They are all really friendly and very helpful.  The one turn off for me was trying their butcher counter's precooked shrimp.  I had mild food poisoning, but every other thing I've ordered that had nothing to do with seafood never gave me that problem.Overall, great one stop market place for all your needs.  Not open 24/7.
5	Just stopped by today for a normal run of groceries, but discovered my favorite Hot Sauce, Melinda's was on Clearance and would no longer be stocked.....I grabbed all 4 bottles left on the shelf, was bummed and ready to knock off a Star since it would make this store just like all of the others.....then, on one of the end-caps.....I saw Mexican Pepsi, 10 for $10....sweet!I've been looking for Mexican Coke or Pepsi (because of no HFCS) and was surprised to find it here.  For that, I gave it the Star back....still a 5 Star joint in my book.Will I return?  Absolutely!
4	This Albertsons very close to where I live.  The cashiers are really friendly and the rest of the staff is really helpful.  The last time I was in there I was looking at the signs to find something and one of the workers stocking the shelves asked me if I need help finding something and then proceeded to take me right to the section I needed, star bump up for the friendly service.  aside from the friendly staff this location also has a well stocked produce section.  I am always able to find some good eats here.  The deli is great too, lots of rotisserie and fried items.
4	This is the closest grocery store from where I live.  Outside of the convenience, this is a very relaxed and friendly establishment.  The staff is very friendly, they often run promotions (currently they have some promotion that is similar to the monopoly game but "better" according to one of the staff that works there :)) The store is always clean, all the food is fresh.  I only seem a homeless person once every blue moon in the parking lot, not to mention they sell RICE CAKES.  ARE YOU READING THIS SMITHS ON RAINBOW?!? GET SOME DAMN RICE CAKES!  Anyways, Albertsons has a great selection of food overall and a wide variety of goods to choose from (One day I'll go to the organic soup section...one day).  Not to mention I got some Bailey's for $13 and two free glasses, you can't beat that.The only thing that takes it down a notch would be the price of goods.  It makes sense since they make up for it with their great service, but as you can tell I'm all about the value, bang for the buck.  This slightly comes up short.Great place overall.#happy#warm#friendly#nohomeless
1	My 1st time at this supermarket was Horrendous which was a few years back but I remember it like it was yesterday.I went to purchase something on sale. It was limited one per person. I had two in my shopping cart. My bf was walking around looking to buy other things. I was stilling looking around as well and The old manger no longer there, pass by me & stared into my shopping cart and said you can't purchase two. Excuse me, I was shocked and said I'm buying one and my friend is buying the other one. He said No, u guys came in together so that is 1 person. What the F*@k. No we are two individual people but sharing the same cart. He started to argue with me and told all the cashiers not to ring us out. Then other customers got into it as well saying his being stupid & retarded. So after about 10 minutes of arguing he finally said if my bf goes out and comes back in by himself with his own shopping cart then he can make purchases of the sale item.I was so pissed, called Albertsons' corporate and told them what happened and wrote them a letter toO.They got back to me in 1.5 days & apology for what the manager said & done & gave me a gift card. I told them no I don't want anyone else to apology for something they didn't do but I want that manager to apology & see how stupid & ridiculous he was.But that manager refused.
4	It's a decent store.   Whenever we come in to town, we'll stop in here... usually after a few beverages at Big Dog's Draft House and get some essentials for the trip.   The place has always been clean and well stocked.   The cashiers have been friendly as well.   I can't complain about a thing.   Will I be back?   You bet I will.
3	Hey Albertsons, wanna know why your stores are mostly empty? Because your stuff is very over priced, even with your card.Came in here for water, the store is really big, its nice and cool inside too. The bakery people where really loud, gossiping and going on and on about their nights prior, that was annoying. There was a really nice guy working in produce, kept to himself and did his job, clearly annoyed by the heckling hens nearby. The cashier was a little rude, demanding and not very pleasant
2	The staff and store is fine it's the price and quality that stinks!    I normally shop fresh and easy/winco but was right next to albertsons so I thought why not stop in. I purchased my regular items, veggies, canned and boxed goods, some chicken breasts and salmon. How did i pay over 200 dollars?    Sadly when I opened up my 3 lbs of salmon 2 lbs were completely dried. I took it back the next day and they replaced my dry fish with a piece of extremely frozen, dry fish, with an unusual dark red color. In  comparison to the one small piece i was given the color was alarmingly different. (Like salmony pink vs dark almost red ) I was extremely disappointed although don in the meat department was very helpful.    I know it's not the employee's fault for what the store is stocked with and priced at, but I will never be back.
4	This weekend was our second stop at this store. Albertsons is our favorite grocery store because of their great sales, nice veggies and their fresh meat/seafood counter. (Their thick cut bacon by the slice is the best we have found!). The staff is always super friendly, and the aisles here are really wide.We come here mostly for deli meat, the fresh meat/seafood and a specific organic salsa they carry. Absolutely are in love with their Culinary Choice Alfredo Chicken pizza.Four stars only because I wanted to pick out an orchid for our new place, and all they had were four of a very fake looking blue color. Their floral department was very dismal, almost as if it was an afterthought
4	Okay, during my quest to find the perfect orchid here last weekend only to find some fake blue colored ones, I must have chosen the absolute worst time to search. While shopping Sunday, I discovered many different colors of orchids. The flower section was beautiful. So I take back my negative words about their floral section. Albertsons is our favorite store, with great meat sections and prices.
1	They just plain and simply have the worst customer service. The manager needs to take a class in guest services!! I find it sad because I love Albertsons. The employees try to do what they can for the guest understanding the guest but the managers hold them back!
1	Do not even go here if you want Starbucks. They only ever have 1 barrista on at the star bucks.... and the few they have are the SLOWEST EVER!!! You might be able to get your coffee AFTER you grocery shopping is over.....
1	This place a is the worst and the most of the checkers are so dumb. The one tonight's tried to charge me for the for an item that cost 2.99 a pound when the item I got was .99 a pound. Watch out. The checkers don't know what they are doing and it shows in the 6+ people lines. Guess what insult to it they have a sign saying 3 people or more and more checkers will come. What a joke. If your going to charge an arm and a leg at least get good workers.
