5	This is by far my favorite place to stay in Montreal.It is an absolutely unique and charming B&B that serves some of the best breakfast food I've ever had.It's located two blocks off of Sainte-Catherine, so you are right next to one of the larger touristy areas without having to worry about being kept up all night due to the drunken revelry taking place on said touristy areas.The rooms are color themed (personally I love the white room as it has a hot tub that is at least as big as my queen-sized bed, as well as a really nice porch) and the place is crawling with art.In addition to this, they also have free wi-fi, and the last time I went, our room actually came -with- a computer to utilize said wi-fi.Seriously, if you are willing to spend a little more, this is absolutely one of the best B&Bs you will find anywhere. The staff is awesome, the rooms are awesome, the breakfasts are beyond reproach.  I wish I could live there.
4	I've never been to a B&B before, but this experience made me want to go to one every time I travel.  Our hostess was hilarious (although I could easily see someone taking offense to her sense of humor) and made an amazing breakfast.  Our room was more beautiful than I could have imagined.  The pictures on the website give only a tiny glimpse to the beauty of the design! We were in the Blue room and we had a large sleigh bed with comfy blankets and pillows, a wall mounted CD stereo, a wall mounted television with built-in DVD player, a phone with directory, a mini-fridge with bottled water, a HUGE bathtub big enough for two, and our own fireplace.They gave us one log for the fireplace, which was plenty for the night we were there. I think if you want more its like 5 bucks or something. Parking was scarce and we had to park in the back for an additional charge a night. In the living room area there is a shelf full of DVDs, CDs and games to borrow.  The hostess also helped us find a place to order pizza, gave us directions to a store to get some sodas, and answered all of Chris' political questions: P I didn't pay (thank you, dearest), but it's down one star for being a tad expensive.
1	Maybe it was a blessing in disguise:I arrived yesterday and tried to call to see when my room would be ready - phone goes straight to voicemail and the mailbox is full so I can't leave a message. I arrived at the b&b exactly at check-in time stated in the email I received and no one answered the door after repeated rings of the bell and knocks on the window. I waited outside for over an hour hoping someone would arrive. No one ever did, and it was getting very hot outside so I left. I am currently staying at another hotel now and still have not heard from anyone at Petit Prince- either to ask why I haven't checked in or in response to the many emails I have sent them requesting immediate response. The phone is still full and there is no other number to call. And they already charged me for my first night! ---Update:THE OWNER WENT ON VACATION! Thanks for totally forgetting that you had a booking, not leaving a message on your voicemail, and causing me to spend a fortune on another hotel last-minute since every other hotel was fully booked. Still no response in any way. Depending on how all of this is resolved, I'll be posting more on this later.
