2	Generally substantially slower and noticeably more expensive than badger cab.
2	Not always reliable.  Long wait times.  Friendly cab drivers.
5	having taken my share of cabs as an adult, i've happily settled on union as a first choice.i've always hopped into a well-kept, clean, stink-free cab when ordering union. every driver i've had in the past four years has been courteous, friendly, and can tell if they should or shouldn't engage in conversation; i can't say the same for the other, long-running companies in madison.i am at least acquaintances with more than a dozen drivers, and have heard plenty of stories (anonymous to the passenger, of course) of them going out of their way to help someone to their door, carry groceries, and get blacked-out people home safely; that last one speaks volumes...in general, when you put your transportation needs in the hands of someone else, you're giving up a privilege, which other reviewers appear to have taken for granted. you put your wallet, time, and safety in the hands of someone else for the convenience of getting to or from somewhere without needing to rely on your own car.
5	I had a great experience with Union Cab when I used them to take me to my rental car for a trip out of town.  The phone answerer set up a time call for me, and the driver arrived two minutes before the time I requested, so I didn't have to wait at all.  On the way there, he advised me on how to get reimbursed for my cab ride by the car rental company and a good place in town to purchase tires for my car without breaking my budget.  Really nice guy.  Clean car.  Altogether, above and beyond.
5	Just by way of an update, another driver took me to Goodyear after I had work done on my car this week.  Again, my ride arrived very quickly, this time it was a regular "on demand" call.  The phone answerer said I may be waiting 5-10 minutes, and my cab arrived in just less than five!  Very friendly driver named Pete, and another clean cab.  Thanks!
5	Disclaimer: I've only used union cab when I've made a telephone booking 24 hours in advance.I've been in a union cab for about 4 round trips in the last year. Every time I've called ahead and scheduled, the respective cab drivers have either been there 5 minutes early or on time. I've never had a rude driver, and each driver was really helpful with heavy luggage at the airport. They are not as cheap as the share-ride cabs (like badger), but I felt a lot safer and more comfortable in a union cab.
5	Quick, clean no muss no fuss, keeper!
5	This cab company is the best in the city in consistency.  Consistently polite, clean, reliable, and safe.  I heart Union Cab!
4	Environmentally friendly and just plain friendly. The prices are a bit steep, but then again, this is Madison. Only used a couple times, but those times were prompt and clean.
5	i called Union Cab because they were offering FREE rides to the polls and back home today. I was so happy when i found that out because i had no idea where i was supposed to vote and Union cab really helped me out. The dispatchers were friendly and professional. They were also much faster than Badger Cab and the drivers were friendly and they didn't look like they just gotten out of prison like some of the Badger Cab drivers tend to look.
1	I'm so disappointed in Union Cab. A company that usually has excellent customer service refused my husband and me a ride not once, but twice, to a location less than five minutes away from the airport. While I understand it was busy, the rudeness and refusal of a short fare for a larger or is completely unacceptable. It will be a long time before I choose to use them again.
4	The Saturday before Halloween is apparently not something the good folks of Madison, Wisconsin take lightly. #FreakfestI found myself in town visiting friends who live in the Madison-metro area and make it a point to celebrate the State street festivities every year. They live about 5 or so miles from the actual fest and because drinking and driving is never in style, they'd gone ahead and arranged a day in advance for 2 cabs to come pick our group of 7 up at their place of residence at 8:45pm. Now, this was my virgin visit to Madison at Halloween time so I wasn't quite sure what to expect, though I can't say I wasn't warned. I knew streets would be closed down and blocked off and this wouldn't be your typical Madison experience, but without seeing the Mad city madness first-hand, it was hard to anticipate just what we were up against when it came to our group versus on-time transportation on this hallowed eve. Union Cab did miss the mark as far as sending the two cabs that we'd ordered more than a day in advance to arrive at 8:45pm. The first cab arrived at 9pm to pick up the first half of our group off at the fest, but when the first group arrived at said bar and realized that the second group had still not been picked up, they asked if that cab could go back and get us, ya know, since there was supposed to have been another cab there 30 minutes earlier anyway. But the driver said they were unable to locate the second cab and that it was against the rules to come back and pick up the second group who were still waiting since they were not the assigned cab. Makes very little sense, but at the same time is sort of understandable on such a crazy eve, but the reservation should've counted for something. When we (the second group still at the house) tried calling Union, all we got were busy signals being that it's one of Madison's busiest cab nights of the year. So naturally, we did the only thing we could... crack open another beer and wait and chug and wait and chug and wait. It was just before 10pm when our cab finally arrived. The driver was super fun, quirky and costumed for the holiday and quickly made us forget about how Union had failed to provide us with transportation until over an hour after the previously scheduled and agreed upon time.Also worth noting, because it won Union back a lot of stars that would otherwise have been missing given the tardiness, is how immaculate the shiny, gleaming Toyota Prius cab was. It smelled divine, and not overpowering or like it had something to cover up. And -get this- it had cloth seats. CLOTH SEATS. It didn't smell like sh*t. ZERO crumbs. Sans stains. Not even a whiff of urine or vomit. Where the hell was I? Bizarro World, surely. So, while I don't know that I'd trust Union as my chariot on a big day where I needed to be somewhere in a timely manner (ala the airport), they were plenty fine for a casual booze-bender and the amenities (no puke stains or pee smells) made the ride a pretty enjoyable one.
4	Not the cheapest but nice clean cab very clear with costs.
4	Regularly use union cab to go to the airport (and back). Really reliable, typically show up a bit early, etc. Prices are reasonable.
1	After waiting 45 minutes for a cab, our taxi (#69) left without us because we took over one minute to leave the restaurant. I learned my lesson, and will never take anyone other than Green Cab again. Union Taxi is a joke of a company, and I strongly discourage you from booking through them.
4	During a week long visit to family members in Madison, I needed to book a cab to get to the airport via the Badger bus at Chazen Museum.I was able to book online, receive updates regarding the cab, pay in advance.I had a great experience: when I saw the 3 minute update in my phone, I headed to the sidewalk with my bags and lo and behold my taxi was there.I got to the Chazen in plenty of time to catch my bus and the service was great. The lady who took me into town was helpful and friendly and knew answers to questions I asked about the local area and the bus stop.
4	Friendly drivers, efficient service. Would use again the next time I visit Madison
4	Back for the birth of a super sweet grandbaby, I was hesitant to use the old family car at my disposal when the temps sunk to below -17... I took Union cabs yesterday, going to the hospital at 1pm and returning home at 4:30pm and both were excellent.Every driver I have encountered has been great!I can prepay online, or can pay at the time of service.Union is the cab for me whenever I am in Madison (which on the next trip will be warmer by choice).....
1	My cab was 30 minutes late -  I didn't receive a heads up from dispatch,  and they were reluctant to give me an  estimated arrival time. I almost missed my flight and will not be taking Union cab again.
5	The online cab ordering/payment system makes calling a cab such a breeze. You can order in advanced (at least one hour ahead of time), or you can ask for a cab to be sent as soon as one is available. The online system also allows you to track your cab (once it has been assigned to you) and gives you an estimated time of arrival (fabulous!). Side note: I noticed that calling the number they have listed on their website is a huge pain in the ass and the hold time is always longer than their estimate. As such, I really appreciate the new ordering system because it allows me to bypass the wait time on the phone and to avoid speaking to operators who sometimes have trouble understanding what I am asking for. When the cab arrives at your address, a text is sent to your phone and you are able to communicate with the driver via text (in case of delay/change of plans, etc.).Also, since you enter your credit card number into the online ordering system, once you get to your destination and are ready to 'pay' for the ride, all you have to do is sign a piece of paper and write in the amount of tip you want to leave, and everything is set. There is no need to pull out your wallet and risk leaving it in the cab or dropping it on the street!Thumbs up, Union Cab! I'm in love with all this technology!! PS. If you get cab #59, you are in for a treat. The driver is a real sweetheart and a great conversationalist. Ask him for advice on which airlines to take and you'll get a lot of good tips and tricks. :)
5	I use Union Cab multiple times a month for work. They are timely, helpful and nice. I will continue using them.
4	When Green cab said it would take an hour to get a cab it took Union cab less then 5 minutes!!! GARY, ANDY & NICK are the greatest!Had a girls weekend night out and they got us everywhere we needed to go in a timely fashion! The only issue we had was I told them 45 minutes they showed up with 10 minutes. Dispatch was a bit slow/ rude. I would still recommend them, but be very clear and ask them to repeat themselves!!
1	if i could give them 0 reviews i would. i am in town from CA for epic training & we decided to go to a cheese shop, which is less than 2 miles away. i called twice to confirm the price and also book the cab. the guy told me it would be less than $15 considering it is only 2 miles away. we get there and the driver tells us it is $10 plus $12 for staying in Verona (pretty much getting an extra fee for not going too far). we told him we weren't informed about the fee so he calls the dispatcher who asks "are they unable to pay?" so pretty much, if we would've said we're unable, the fee was not required NOR were we informed we had to pay. we give the guy $25, definitely asked for the change back & vowed to never call union can, screw this cab company.
1	We called to confirm price AND went online for estimates. The dispatcher told us it would be less than $15. We got to our destination the clock said 10.50 but they said they had to charge us an additional $12! He blamed it on a new dispatcher. Sorry that is not our problem. We will choose another company next time.
4	Needed a last minute ride to the airport and used Union Cab's web reservation system for an early morning pickup. Last evening I asked for a 5:40 am pickup and gave credit card info. Immediately got confirmation with web link to follow status of the order At 5:39 the next morning the cab arrived and I was at the airport 26 minutes later. Driver  and car very pleasant and professional. I was impressed with the efficiency of their reservation and receipt process and I appreciate the fact that they are a workers cooperative but what matters most to me is that they performed as promised.  I will plan on using them for any future cab needs in Madison
5	I live in Texas and my wife took a business trip to Verona.  She realized she left something very important at home, so I contacted a business in Madison to purchase it for her.  I contacted Union Cab for their courier service to get her item to the hotel. While I had some difficulty using their web site to place my order, Robert helped me get things done over the phone.He also gave me a follow-up call to let me know that everything is processed and my package should be delivered on time.  I appreciate all the trouble he went through to help me take care of this problem.  He also let me know that he'd be working with his IT resources to make sure the web site works correctly in the future.
5	Always on time, great service, clean green cars, and they are a co-op! I only use Union Cab, and have never been disappointed. They are super flexible, and I can order cabs online and on my phone.
4	Good service. I've used appointments, shortnotice and airport cabs. Drivers usually know their way around, I've never caught them intentionally taking the long way to run the meter. They send an interactive text (or call you) on arrival. Some cabbies have been driving decades, lots of stories. One called himself a local historian on wheels. I found it interesting he said the checkers and name come from when there was one cab co. and it was a union. Deffinately reccomend splitting a cab, especially at the airport. It really saves money.Average fares; they take credit card. Also, cabbies like tips.Clean cabs; the new priuses are quiet but not as roomy as vans or Crown vics. Splitting one is probably a bad idea unless by yourself. What else is there.. They show up sooner than the competition, probably why I prefer them. Your milage may vary (ha). No Andy Kaufman sighting yet, I'll update if I spot him.
2	I arrived Dane County Airport at 10:45 on this cold night.  There was a shortage of cabs, so the driver announced he would take several people at once.  Even though I much prefer my own cab, I've learned that cabs in madison much prefer the group rides especially when there is a shortage of cabs.  I was one of 3 passengers and the first to be dropped off, downtown Madison.  The ride was 10 minutes, and since I fly every week I know the fare is usually $14-15.  So I expected a discounted price given the shared nature.  But no, I was still charged a flat rate of $14.  I told the driver that I usually pay $14 for a solo ride, and thus I was surprised at the high rate for a shared ride. He insisted that was the fare, despite my protests that he was charging triple for the same fare then!  Unless I am stuck again with the possibility of not getting a cab for hours in the cold, I will NEVER use this company again.
