5	My wife and I are so happy with our recent kitchen remodel with 2nd avenue design! A friend of ours recommended 2nd avenue to us after they remodeled their kitchen (custom cabinets, quartz countertops). We weren't sure what we could afford since we had a modest budget, but Mike came out and discussed the possibilities of our kitchen design. He followed up with drawings and several budget options. I never thought I'd be so excited by drawings, but they helped us to help visualize what the kitchen could be before the work even started. We worked with him on the design, and soon after his crew got started. They communicated well on what to expect, stayed on schedule, and the work is beautiful! His crew has such a high attention to detail and beautiful craftsmanship. I felt like he treated the job like his own kitchen.I get so many compliments on my kitchen now, and continue to recommend 2nd avenue design - thank you so much for my amazing kitchen!
5	2nd Ave Design with Michael Roberts is one of the BEST!  He goes above and beyond to work with a client to fullfill all their wishes.  Michael listens to your desires, wants, needs and must haves regarding before, during and after.  He GETS IT!  He hears and understands with a great desire to communicate effectively.  He is prompt and efficient.  He also hires only qualified craftsman to help in the build of your project.  I would recommend Michael to any and all of my friends.  I couldn't be more please with my results.  Thank you Michael for a fantastic Kitchen!  All my friends rave about it!  You are a pleasure to work with.
5	We were very pleased with the work 2nd Ave did on our kitchen and dining room cabinetry.  We brought them in to "fix" what another cabinet company failed to finish.  They were terrific.  Pricing was good.  His crew was terrific and they always left the site spotless when they left.  We were so happy, in fact, we hired them to remodel our daughter's kitchen in her condo in Los Angeles.  Again, they did a super job.
5	2nd Ave Design built our kitchen and I would highly recommend them for yours. Not every contractor has what Michael Roberts can offer. He has excellent interior design skills to go along with years of experience, knowledgeable tradesmen and willingness to work with you on getting the environment you want. Give them a call if you want to see more about what they can offer.
