4	reasons i love this store:  - extraordinary service.  - tons of quality fly fishing gear under one roof.  - you can bring your pup(s) in with you.  - the dog toys are super cool and dogs love 'em.  - sales make high-end rods and reels more affordable.  - orvis knows fishing - gadgets, gizmos, storage boxes, whatever - they're designed by people who "get" fly fishing. and the products are designed with simplicity and function in mind. floating fly box anyone?- my waders and boots are comfortable, keep me dry and haven't aged a bit in the 5 years i've had them. well worth the investment.yeah, it can be crazy expensive fly fishing gear. but that gear also comes with some pretty amazing service. if you had a problem with your rod orvis will do the right thing - they've done it for me and judging by the way the situation was handled, service is an extremely high priority. here, you really do get what you pay for.
4	As a child, once a year my father would take me to the old Abercrombie & Fitch on Madison Avenue and 43rd Street in Manhattan.  Now this isn't the kids clothing store that we find in every US Mall.  This was, "THE" premier outdoor and hunting store in the world.  This is where President Teddy Roosevelt use to shop before he went on Safari or the big hunt.  I was always amazed by their second floor and all the guns they had.  It was just incredible for me as a small child.  Well, times change and children grow up and that Abercrombie & Fitch no longer exists.  But, in many ways it still lives on at Orvis.  Orvis came to my attention a dozen or so years ago when they expanded into the Chicago market.  It was one of the few places that sold Barbour coats and the waxing service to maintain them.Orvis carries almost everything one might need for a camping trip, or just weekend of playing Boy Scout.  But, it isn't just for men.  Their woman's section is huge, as is something they call Dog Supplies.  If you have long hair pups, Springers or even German Shorthairs, this place has some funiture protectors I've never seen in PetSmart.  Anyway, I'm probably not doing them justice. So, just go there and see!Enjoy!
4	Although Orvis doesn't really doesn't have many clothes suitable to wear when the temp is 106 outside, it is my husbands favorite and we make a point to stop in whenever we spot one.I need to sing the praises of Orvis's wrinkle free long sleeved shirts.  I have fallen prey to the wrinkle free claim by many menswear clothiers and still end up having to take the shirts to the dry cleaner. The Orvis shirt, although not inexpensive at around $100, is truly wrinkle free right out of the dryer. My husband added another shirt to his collection from this store. This Orvis is smaller than stores that we have visited in other cities but it still manages to contain a lot of the fishing stuff and all of the new Fall styles for both men and women. Guests of the Westin Kierland  receive a 20% discount off of regularly priced merchandise by showing your room key.
4	Very knowledgeable staff that are willing to answer any question one may have! Great selection of gear and clothing!
5	What a great experience to learn to fly fish and get gear with Orvis. Jack at the store was extremely helpful and knowledgable in helping buy my first fly rod. I got the Helios 2 5 weight. It's a great rod with a 25 yr warranty. Orvis also offers free classes on how to fish. Not only do they teach you at the store they actually take you on the water and help you land fish. I also took some private casting lessons with Lee at the store. He was extremely helpful in my preparation for a bone-fishing trip to Hawaii.  I picked up an 8 weight rod as well. You get a great discount after attending their fishing 101 class. World class gear and world class service. They don't just try and sell you they teach you how and why. Thanks Orvis.
