5	I was there on the grand opening free pedi. The second time I went I was pleased and the service was so very nice, they offer you free drinks soda, water. The pedi was awesome and my eyebrow wax was well done. The appointment book is a computer system up to date with all techniques. I will be going for all my services there.
4	Great place! Great atmosphere! Check it out!
5	Today was my first visit to Polished Nails and Spa, and I was super impressed with everything from the decor to the spa, to the friendly and very competent staff to the cleanliness of the space.Kim and Wes (the owners) have made the place look posh, trendy, clean and comfortable.   Wes even personally scrubbed and disinfected the spa tubs himself!  Christine, who did my mani and pedi, did an awesome job with great attention to detail on the nail polish, awesome massage skills, and she makes you feel comfortable by being very easy to talk to.  My other two girlfriends also commented on how their nails were done very well also by two other ladies there.On top of all the pluses I mentioned above, I would have to say they are worth every penny for the attentive care you receive and the price that you pay ($35 for mani/pedi on a Sunday).Conclusion:  Polished Nails and Spa is THE place to go to for those hard working ladies/gentlemen deserving some extra TLC.p.s.  There are different freebies on various days of the week.  Monday - Bring all friends in and get 25% off.  Tuesday - FREE french upgrades.    Wednesday - Free lip or brow wax when you enjoy a mani/pedi, Thursday - Free parrafin.  Friday/Saturday - Complimentary snacks and beverages.  Sunday - 50% manicure if you get a pedicure.
4	I decided to get the groupon for Polished after Michelle W's review. That and the fact that it was $15 for a mani and pedi. Michelle's review was great and explained the various offers and decor of the place. I agree...clean, updated and relaxing. I did not get the name of my nail technician but she was good. Very strong and she massaged both my feet and arms quite well. They have a good color selection (lots of OPI) and it appears that they use quality products. My technician took her implements from a sealed bag which makes me think that they really do sanitize their instruments. My friend got Kim (the owner) as her technician and she was also good at what she did. Also, they were rather entertaining. The only reason I give them 4 stars and not 5 is because we made appointments for 11.30 and arrived on time but were told one of the technicians called in sick and we rescheduled for noon. Not a big deal but the receptionist (yes....they have a sweet little receptionist too) had called me around 9.30 to reconfirm my appointment and could have easily called me to let me know about the rescheduling too. I think I will be back. Remember to make appointments. They are busy.
4	one of my favorite nail salons in vegas. as an avid nail biter for years this place helps break my habit. the prices are not bad for manis and pedis and they also offer deals throughout the week. when you rebook your next appointment you also get 10% off for next time. when you refer friends you get points that add up to getting free manicures. polished is also very clean and professional. the girls have been in the business for years and know what they are doing. i just wish they had more colors from essie to dress your nails with. also, i suggest booking an appointment before you go. sometimes they have a wait.
4	On my return visit, I wasn't able to book Christine, again, because she was no longer with Polished, so I ended up with Kim's mom Diane (?).  She did an awesome job on my mani/pedi with great attention to detail.  p.s.  This place gets busy, so plan accordingly ladies!
3	Michelle W. invited me to join her on a mani/pedi Sunday afternoon. I definitely accepted because I was in desperate need of both. The interior is decorated nicely and for the most part it seemed clean.  I believe Jamie was the gal who did my nails. I felt prettier leaving there with my toes and fingers painted and cleaned up. However, the day after I was left with a sore red throbbing toe. I'm not sure if too much skin was removed but it really hurt to walk at work with that foot, hence the 3 stars. Overall, My nails look lovely but my toe hurts too much to get a pedicure from them for next time. P.S. Their prices are reasonable especially on Sundays! Plus you get 10% off with rebooking!
1	My worst pedi experience ever...Went to polished to get a basic manicure done for Halloween and it was pretty good. Only 5 minutes from my place and fairly good reviews. Came back today for a pedicure and left without polish and a cut toe. Swelling and throbbing...it kept bleeding! In need of some color on my toes, I wanted to wait it out but I couldn't hold off any longer. Sitting in pain and my body so tense, that's not what a pedicure experience should be like!  Also brought my boyfriend along for the first time to get a pedicure for him. His second toe got cut. He kept telling the lady that she was being too rough but I guess she didn't listen. Ugh. I don't know what it is about this place. It wasn't busy and we weren't looking for anything spectacular...just a regular pedicure. One star for the manicure a few weeks back and obviously none for today's horrid experience.----------------------------------Called the salon back the next couple of days to let the management know what happened. The salon manager said sorry and stated that some people have more sensitive skin than others. Ouch. We asked for our money back but he said: how about the service fee? Knowing that it was a lost cause, we asked for half (just to hear what he'd say). He said he will call us back and he never did.Safe to say, like other reviews, this place was way too rough and we won't be back.
3	I went in for a mani pedi and to use a groupon I'd purchased. I did make an appointment, but they were swamped when I arrived. The girl from the front desk had me sit down at a foot bath about 10 minutes after I arrived. 15 mintues pass, my water is icey cold, and still no nail tech has arrived. Luckily the girl from the front desk was nice enough to let me drain and refill the cold water. Eventually I get a nail tech, but it was probably 30 minutes or so after my appointment time - a little too long in my opinion. My nail tech was pretty rough and not all that friendly. Like Brenda I left in pain ! I do get a lot of pedicures and this one ranks up there was one of the more painful ones I've had. It just felt rushed and not all that relaxing. The decor is cute and the specials are great. Based on the emails I've received from being on their mailing list it seems they are commited to quality and I really should give them another try in the future !
3	I still have lukewarm feelings about this place.  It isn't the warm place you go to, to feel loved and like they know you.  I've only been here twice and I don't think anyone here is entertained by my (what I believe to be) witty comments.It's a little intimidating at first because I feel like I stick out like a sore thumb.  I'm not one to be flashy or necessarily into the beauty aspect of my looks so I generally tend to feel out of place at salons anyway, let along a salon where everyone where's black.  The receptionist has always been nice, although not one to engage in small talk or humoring a "smart" patron such as myself.  She's a busy bee so I'll let her off the hook.  I like the fact that she seems to be a hard worker.Technical: 5 stars on my eyebrow job.  I felt like a new woman.  I've never had my eyebrows waxed before but because I've always been afraid that I would have to draw them in (*ahem* not that there's anything wrong with that, I guess) but damn it, Kim (?) did a great job.  I will definitely be going back once they get a little too bushy to handle...Okay, so I do watch Tabitha's Salon Make-Over or whatever that show is called.  And I do think that their wax pot needs some cleaning.  I'll have to do a little more investigation on that the next time I go.  Update to come up in about a month.I haven't had any other service from Polished... Shortly after I went the second time, I got an e-mail saying they let 8 girls go and I was wondering if that was a response to my not making appointments.  But seeing as a couple of the other patrons on yelp say that they've had to wait long periods, I will do everyone a favor and start making appointments.
4	Wanting to pretty up my toes for the big d-day, I headed over to Polished Nails and Spa.  I was first excited about them because they had raving reviews...but lately it's been going down so I definitely went in with some hesitation.First off, I've been trying to sign up for their email specials but have yet to receive anything (even though I signed up months ago).  The receptionist said they sent an email out in December, but I never got it.  Bummer.On their website, they have daily specials and I wanted to take advantage of one of them.  When I called in on a Thursday, the receptionist wasn't that familiar with what the special was or even if it was valid since they hadn't updated their website in awhile.  She eventually did look it up and it was supposed to be "Free Nail Art with purchase of a pedicure."  She said it was still valid and I went forward with booking our appointments.  I initially tried for a 4:00 appointment for two pedicures, the next available time was 5:00 pm, but she was able to get us both in at 4:45 pm.  We arrived a bit early so we could get situated and pick our our nail colors.  They were packed - all the workers had customers in front of them and the phone was ringing.  No kidding about making an appointment! There's also a self service cooler on the left - so help yourself! We were seated in the pedicure chairs by 4:50 pm, so there was no delay there.Now, I haven't been to too many nail salons, but I guess I'm used to be being taken care of.  The simplest thing like helping me into the pedicure chair, moving the arm rest out, helping me set down my beverage, and showing me how the massage chair works can really do wonders.  Unfortunately, that didn't happen here - and the sight of watching a 38 week pregnant girl stepping gingerly into the chair can be quite a sight.  A little assistance would have been really nice!  (Plus, we were carrying our purse, magazines, beverage, shoes, etc. - so we definitely didn't have any extra hands available.)After the Mom and I finally got settled into our chair and we figured out how the controls worked, we tried to relax for our little pampering session.  Diane (aka Mom) was assigned to take one of us and she chose me.  My pedicure got started and it was pretty standard.  Diane kept the conversation to a minimum, which was totally fine with me.  I did notice that she started cutting my cuticles and went for the baby toe first.  And yes, she made it bleed.  I could tell by the way she kept wiping it, covering it, getting the blue stuff to put on it, and then the way it would sting when I put my foot back into the water.  Hmmm...bleeding on the first toe?  Also, I think Diane might have had a cold or something because she was coughing (a lot) on my feet.  And all I could think about was thank goodness I wasn't getting a manicure too.  I completely forgot about the free nail art that I was supposed to get until after the fact.   Whereas the Mom had a younger girl working on her (Nicole) that was very chatty from the beginning.  At first, I thought she was talking to the Mom, but then I realized she was actually talking to another customer next to the Mom.  I learned later that the Mom didn't really appreciate that and wished Nicole had spent more time focusing on her and her feet instead of facing someone else and chatting with them.  She also mentioned that Nicole could have spent more time massaging her feet, which I would have to agree with too.The Mom was finished first, despite her starting later and having more work done.  Nicole sent her to the drying station so she could dry her toes further, whereas Diane just said she was all done.  I didn't really know where to go after that since there were only two chairs available in the drying area and they were both taken.There is a really young staff here and they are quite the social bunch - the employees do talk a lot amongst themselves (in English) and I guess it feels more like a hair salon with all the random banter going on regarding house stuff, weekend plans, etc.  They are extremely busy and walk-ins will get serviced, if you have something minor to take care of.  (Which sucks if that means your technician leaves you to take care of a walk-in.) They also have a referral program, but the new customer has to have the referral card with them for you to get any benefits from it.  Other promotions include:* Buy 4 Spa pedicures for $99 and get a mani/pedi free.  ($137 value)* Buy 4 Acrylic Fills for $75 and get a acrylic set free. ($100 value)* Buy 9 manicures for $99 and get two manicures free. ($132)You get 10% off your next appointment if you book immediately.It's been a week since I got my pedicure and my toes look pretty damn good still, so that's a major bonus point.  I wished she did scrub my feet more so they could be baby soft, but that didn't happen.  I did purchase one of their value cards, so I'll be going back at a less busier time I hope.3.5 stars.
2	Had bought the Groupon and made an appointment before I left for winter vacation. I'm used to the smaller places but this place had 8 manicure stations and about 5 pedicure stations. The place was busy when I went there as all the nail ladies were working on someone. The mani/pedi I had was ok. The pedi part It seemed very mechanical and routine and the young lady was just going through the motions. I also don't like the fact she used latex gloves because it felt weird and I don't think you can really do things properly with them on. I know it's for sanitation sake but still. The mani part was normal but she didn't push and cut the cuticles. She just trimmed anything that seemed to be sticking out. My polish lasted long which was the only saving grace. I don't think I would go back for the mani and pedi, but maybe for painting of the nail color only.
5	Absolutely love this nail shop......they are fast and do an amazing job...and they do the best 3D art in Las Vegas Hands Down....xoxoxo
5	I'm surprised by the negative reviews because I loved the customer service. I came in with a friend and we both had a groupon and no appointment and they were very busy. They could only take one of us and the other had to wait an hour. The owner ended up doing my mani pedi instead of taking her lunch break so I didn't have to wait....very cool since I already agreed to the wait. I upgraded to a french tip and this was the best mani pedi I've ever got. I got so many random compliments on my nails which is pretty rare since I have relatively short nails so they don't usually stand out. I wanted to pay the extra $5 for the callous scrub but the owner said that it would be a waste of money since my feet only really needed the regular scrub. I felt she was sincere and didn't try to up-sell me. The regular price for a spa mani pedi is $50 but they also carry package deals. I will never get a mani pedi at the hotels cause a pedi alone can be $85...damn! I don't have sewer feet so not sure why anyone would pay that lol. This is my go to place in vegas for mani pedi from now on. Take a short drive off the strip and be smart with your money.
5	This is my regular nail salon. I just moved here from out of state so I did a lot of research on which salons I would consider. Polished was my first choice and I LOVE it there. Its close to my house and they do an excellent job. Susanna the receptionist is a sweetheart. The ladies that work there are always talking about something and are very funny. I don't understand how anyone could have anything negative to say!I do suggest making an appointment as it can be busy at times.
3	Came here twice with a group of 2 other girls because of the Groupon and we had a good experience both times. They are very very busy so it's good to make an appointment in advance and be on time - the first time our group was running late because of traffic since it's across town - and we had to be pushed back an hour because their schedule was so tight that they couldn't accommodate us coming in 15 minutes late.The front desk woman seems overwhelmed and "out of it". She kept asking us our names, about 3 times, I think to confirm that we were the right girls on the appointment and seemed really confused about this. Also at the second visit, one friend paid and left and then the front desk lady realized that my friend didn't pay $5 extra for nail art - and so asked me to cover for my friend...it was just kinda weird. Not good for a busy business, I think, in the end.Anyways, they serve water and other beverages and the other ladies are really nice, some more talkative than others. They do a good job, I've never gotten hurt from them - and they have some fun ideas with putting gems on our nails and other nail art. If it were closer, I'd come back. They also have 10% discount if you make your next appointment right away, and there are some "friend referral" discount cards that you can use or giveaway too.
1	Had bought 2 Groupons and both times, did not received the mani/pedi as stated.  My first visit:I booked the appt, was there on time, but they were running behind since they had walk-ins.  I waited around for half an hour, but after my nails are supposedly done, they had to be repainted.The sides of my nails were not completely painted, there were nail polish on my cuticles.  Does not look clean.  I could have done a better job on painting my nails.  I let the receptionist know and she spoke to the male owner, and he had the lady owner redo my nails. My second visit:I was 10+ mins late this time, but got helped within 5 mins.  Once again, the sides of my nails were not completely painted.  I showed them to the receptionist (different one than the first), and she did say that someone is available to redo my nails.  Does it really take the 2nd time to do them right?  WTH?  I was so done with it.  I didn't want to sit around any longer.  Enough is enough.  Likes:Decora small fridge with drinksNail Techs-Friendly and some barely talksDislikes:takes a second try to make painted nails look clean and niceConclusion:I won't be coming back.  Save myself from disappointment and frustration.
5	I tried out Polished after they came highly recommended from a couple girls in the area.  I was extremely happy with my experience.The salon was clean, Kim & her sister, Julie, were both very nice & friendly, the service was well done & quick, and it was extremely affordable.  Definitely try the gel manicure - it's $40 but lasts FOREVER.  Like not even one chip in two weeks.I have another appointment in a couple weeks to get another gel mani as well as a pedi for vacation.  Give it shot - but probably try to make an appointment ahead of time; the salon gets very busy.
2	i know i have raved about this place to my friends. i use to be a weekly customer here in the beginning, but the past two times i have been (valentines day and yesterday april 15th) the girl doing my nails has cut me. the first time was a pedicure that took almost two weeks to heal so there wasn't little sparks of pain. yesterday was my manicure where she cut me twice on my right hand. both times were different girls. the manicure yesterday was a little sloppy. almost as if she didn't care for my business. it was a new girl. one i haven't seen the past few visits. she also sped through this quickie manicure and had it done within 20 minutes. it would have been impressive if she had done a better job.another thing bugging me is how the prices have gone up. i had to pay 13 dollars for this not so well done manicure not including tip. it went up a dollar from last time and also came with 2 bonus cuts. lucky me! not.they are expanding, but i would advise them to put their money towards better manicurist. I was impressed that the front desk lady and owner Kim remembered my mother and I after not coming in for 2 months. that is the only reason they are getting two stars for these past 2 visits.I'm not so sure I will be back though.
1	So, I had two additional Groupons for this place cause I loved their work so much.  Because it was close to expiring, I couldn't get an appointment and they said there was nothing they can do cause it's Groupon's rules.  I've had other places extend the expiry when they can't take all their customers.  Actually, many places have done this.  So, now I'm out $50 for two non used Groupons :(
1	This is a message I received from the owner and my responseOwner: Hi,This is Wes From Polished Nails and Spa on Rainbow Blvd...I believe youve left negative comments on the wrong Salon. You may have intended to comment on a differant Polished, whom we are not affilaited with. Our staff is all Vietnamese and we never have had a tabitha here. Would you consider deleting the comment?WesMy reply:Hi Wes,No I did NOT write a comment on the wrong salon. In case you didn't see the stars it wasn't negative it was NEUTRAL. As far as "Tabitha" is concerned... if you actually read the post, you would see that I was referring to a television show... and when I got my brows waxed that day... it was funky.I have come to Polished several times since that review and HAVE had good experiences; however if this is how you treat your clientele and choose to be someone who censors others about their own personal opinions, congratulations you have lost a customer and I am cancelling my appointment for Friday.
2	Polished came highly recommended to me by one of the girls I work with and as I've been searching for a regular place to get my nails done, I was very excited to check it out.  The salon is very pretty, lots of pedicure and manicure stations. I booked a spa pedicure and a gel manicure.  The girl gave me a good pedicure, a week later my polish still looks great even if my heels are looking a little ragged but that's more my fault since they were in pretty bad shape when I went in.  My gel manicure on the other hand...when I left the salon I wasn't sure if she had got close enough to the cuticle with the polish since I could already see white but I figured it would be fine.  The color also showed since variance in color across the nail almost a gradient look but I thought it might just be the type of polish (Elite something).  This was Thursday.  Saturday night  the polish chipped on my middle finger.  Grrr, but it happens.  I worked all day Sunday but went in there first thing Monday morning to have it fixed.  They guarantee their work for a week so another girl sands off my polish and redoes my nail.  Cue today (1 week later) after taking a shower I notice the polish chipped off my middle finger, AGAIN as well as my index finger.  30 minutes later I notice the gel on my thumb nail is peeling off.  Not happy at all.  My $40 gel manicure is supposed to last for 2-3 weeks?  Not so much.  I might go back for a pedicure but definitely will try looking for a new place for my gel manis especially now since it's going into a weekend and I have ragged looking nails.
4	my first experience here at polished was excellent! walking in you cant help but notice the modern decor and feel the energy that this is not your average nail salon! The receptionists were helpful in assisting me and my friends choose from all the new gel colored options (which is well worth it!) i had the pleasure of meeting the owner kim who also was my nail tech for the day! All  there is to say is wow! from the start she was upmost friendly and not afraid to show the boss in her yet still maintain a professional attitude with a great sense of humor. she made my frst experence super enjoyable and excited for my next visit!
1	I have been to this salon twice. The first time was only ok. I had an appointment and told the girl exactly what I wanted. When I got there I sat down right away. The girl was very brash and not very friendly at all. When I told her what I wanted (a full set, very short and natural and not thick. I asked if gel's were possible) she said she couldn't do the gels (even though I've had them before) and that she could do pink and white's. The reception and the nail tech went back and forth about whether or not there was enough time. I was annoyed because I had booked time for a full set so I knew I had t least an hour. Once it was all settled she got to work. I had asked for them short and she just didn't listen to me. They were way longer than I wanted. I went back in 2 weeks later for a fill. On a pink and white you sometimes needs the pink and the white done and sometimes just the pink. I had let them know when I booked the fill that I would want the nails short and that the white would probably need to be done. The receptionist told me no, the pink would be enough. So of course, when I went in...I didn't have enough time scheduled. I told them I would go elsewhere and they "moved some things around"The girl who did my nails was referred to as "tiny" but I believe her name was tina.When we were discussing that I wanted my nails short she kept trying to change my mind ( so she wouldn't have to fill the pink and the white I assume) and i was very annoyed.  Once she started  it quickly became the most painful and uncomfortable fill I've ever had. She drilled so much that my fingers are sore and red now. And she kept pulling and bending my fingers even though I asked her to go easy. (my hands were sore that day).  Due to all the drill work my nails have lines and spots that are visible through the top coat,When I checked out the receptionist asked how everything was and i said "not great". She waited a beat and looked and me and then said "what?" pretending not to hear me. I told her nothing. it was just ok. She didn't even ask why? She asked if I wanted to make another appointment and I said I would not be back. She said great have a nice day. Also while I was there, employees were speaking about other customers in a very unprofessional way and swearing. It was so uncomfortable. The fill was 38 dollars. I didn't even get an I'm sorry.I do not recommend this salon. Nor will I return there.....
5	I am a regular customer of Polished. I have been going there since they opened and have always been satisfied. A must for this salon is that you schedule an appointment. They are very busy snd if you walk in without an appointment you're probably going to have to wait a while.I have had services from about every one of the technicians there. Kim ( the owner), Julie, Diane, little Kim, Ivy, they've all been wonderful. They allow me to describe what I'm looking for as an end result and they ask questions to better understand what I want. That's great communication in my book. The receptionists, Suzanna and Breanna, have always been pleasant, even when the phone is ringing off the hook and people are at the desk. They manage to keep their cool. That helps the complete mood of the salon. I have tried other salons, as I had moved further away from Polished, and I've been greatly disappointed by their product and my end result. I will continue to drive "across town" because I have become spoiled by the girls at Polished.
1	I have never written a review before, but I feel like this one is necessary.  Polished is in my neighborhood, so I looked up their phone number and checked out their site while I was online.  The site made it sound like they really cared about  customer service and I was excited to have an awesome and unique experience.  I booked my pedicure, they made me feel like I was lucky to get an appointment.  The place looked beatiful when I got inside.  It was all downhill from there though.  The receptionist had to tell the tech to come out 3 times, yelling from the front desk.  Diane (or Diana)  started filling the tub and walked away, when it was about to overflow someone hollered at her.  As she was filing my toenails, she continually looked away while talking to others that she apparently knew.  She sliced my toes a couple of times and they ended up very short - I am not sure if this is how she usually files, or if it was just because she was distracted.  One of my favorite parts of a pedicure is the foot and calf massage, she barely rubbed in the watered down lotion, definitely not what I would call a massage.  The polish job was sloppy, there were several spots at the tips and sides that went unpolished and they all bubbled by the time I got home!! Read their website and see the type of experience they advertise.  My experience was far from luxurious or exceptional and I definitely did not feel like a VIP.
4	So Wes ( I think co-owner) contacted me and said he would honor the original $25 value towards services.  Groupon did refund me (yay Groupon) but it was nice of Wes to reach out to me.  That shows they care about their customers (even the out of state ones).  I'm a fan again :)Would've changed it back to 5 stars but due to miscommunication, I did lose out on the original $50 groupon value (and was without a mani/pedi that weekend).
5	Having been a customer at this place for the past 6 months and after reading all the reviews already posted, I can see understand the complaints.I had an awful experience with a technician. She cut me and didn't paint very close to my cuticles. Kim, the co-owner, overheard me talking to my friend about it, apologized profusely, and fixed my nails. By the next time I came in, that girl was fired. I also had a problem scheduling when I bought the Groupon, but now, scheduling is no problem.I think with any new business there are problems with preparing for traffic into the salon and hiring the right people. What I will say is that if you are persistent about a complaint (meaning following up immediately), Wes and Kim will try their best to make you happy. This is far more than I can say for any other nail salon I've been to in Vegas.This place is very clean and professional looking. Coffee, pop, and water are offered for free. The massage chairs are brand new and super comfortable. Also, I have found the best nail technician. Her name is Lisa. She does my pedicure and gel manicures. She is sweet, meticulous, listens to exactly what you want, and isn't afraid to offer suggestions. I am 100% happy with my nails when I leave. Little Kim and Kim the owner are also really good with gel nails as well. I also love the girl who works at the front desk, Brianna. She's very professional, funny, and always helps me find a regular nail polish for my toes that will match the gel I am getting on my hands.So, despite a couple of bad experiences, I am still giving this place 5 stars because after finding the right technician, I ALWAYS leave happy with my nails.
2	The good: excellent choice of colors. The bad: I was waiting 15 min after my appt. I only get a cut down on my fingernails, and my right hand was a lot shorter than my left. And all my nails were uneven. My thumbs looked like Bobby Brown's haircut circa late 80's. I'm annoyed. I won't be going back.
5	I love this Nail Salon! I was looking for a great place to get my nails done when I moved to Vegas, and this place was highly recommended. I will never go anywhere else to get my nails done! Go see Lisa, she is amazing!!! You have to make an appointment though, they are always busy, but well worth the wait!
1	I have been here twice now, I will not be going back. As it is a beautiful place, the owners/managers are very mean to the employees there. I will not stand for someone being excessively rude to someone who is obviously giving 100% to make the CUSTOMER happy. The owner manager obviously don't care about their business or customers' because they are not offering an environment they claim to be "known for". Very disappointing experience. Do not support businesses that do not know the meaning of "respect" because if the EMPLOYEES don't get it, the CUSTOMER will definitely not. PS: you are welcome for the $150.00 I spent there yesterday. I will never go back again.
4	My toes were in desperate need of a pedicure so I decided to give this place a try based on a friend's recommendation. We made an appointment and were attended to right away.The salon is modern and clean. The lady at the front counter was nice and friendly. They offer free beverages... A nice touch, I must say! I loved the amount of nail polish selection they have! It took me a while to choose a color because there were so many choices.The pedicure massage chair was comfortable. I forgot the name of the lady who worked on my feet but she was heaven sent. My feet have been swollen and achy lately because I'm pregnant and her soothing foot massage was just what the doctor ordered. I am writing this review a month after I got the pedi (this mama is broke and can only afford to go once a month) and my pedi is still in good condition! Not a chip at all. I have to go in again soon to get them redone but I was surprised that my pedi lasted so long. I loved everything about Polished and plan to go back again soon!
5	I LOVE this salon! They are super professional and do quality work quickly and efficiently! I appreciate that SO much!I've been getting their gel manicures which are a "nail saver" literally! It lasts at the very least 3-4 weeks and always looks shiny! They also do 3D art which is all the rage, I just had red bows that lasted for over 3 weeks!!Remember to tell them all your salon services when booking and be on time because they are super popular and always have walk ins waiting in case you cancel :)All the girls are super sweet, plus they have tons on bling items and fun stuff for sale :)
4	TINA (aka Tiny TIna) was my nail tech. She did gel polish on my nails without any errors, and was quick and efficient.   She paid a lot of attention to detail and checked her own work thoroughly after filing and painting. The atmosphere in the salon is very upscale and decorative.  The only two heads up I give is to make sure you make an appointment because they are popular.  2nd,  they are a little pricy but it suits the quality of their work and they use expensive products for nails.
4	Really liked pedicure!!!! Manicure was okay.  I think I picked  something that didn't look good on my really, really short nails.  My co worker recommended them to me.  Tons of colors.  I will be back.
2	get ready for a long read.a friend recommended this salon for their fantastic gel manicures. you get a discount count on your first visit. yay! i made my first appointment at this place for 7pm their last appointment of the day. i called to see if i could come in earlier. the receptionist told me that she was running behind and to come in at 7pm. i wasn't seated at the station until after 730. this lady was really running behind. she begins her work and i asked her if i needed to take off my ring. she said yes so i took it off and placed it on the corner of the station. the gel manicure takes just over an hour to complete and the store was closing. the receptionist comes over to ask me if it was okay to check out so she could close. sure no problem. she reaches into my bag for me to grab my wallet and i pay, tip, and wait to sign and she puts everything bag into my bag for me while the tech continues with her work. She comes back in a minute and realizes she forgot to give me my first visit discount and would credit $10 to my account for my next visit. i was fine with it. what can you say to that? the tech finishes my gel manicure and i head home. happy as a pie with the job she did.the next day i realize i left my ring at the station. i call the salon and they told me they would look for it, check the surveillance video and call me back. 2 hours go by. i call them and she tells me they haven't had a chance yet. 2 hours go by. i call them again, she looked around but didn't see the ring. few more hours go by. i call them the tech said SHE SAW ME PUT IT IN MY PURSE. but they would check the videos. i was at a wedding so i couldn't check right away and was devastated. a whole day went by with lots of clients coming in and out. i was sure it was gone.my boyfriend who had given me the ring suggested that we go to the salon. at least we could review the videos and look around the station ourselves. at least we could do something to try to retrieve it. i call the salon to make sure they were open and if it was alright if i stopped by. we we arrived i wasn't able to talk i was so upset about losing my ring. on my behalf my boyfriend went to talk to the receptionist who said they reviewed the tapes and didn't see the ring. he then went and looked around the station to make sure it wasn't there. the same tech was working told my boyfriend that she SAW ME PUT IT IN MY PURSE. it took everything i had to not cry in the salon but the tears kept pouring despite my efforts. my boyfriend was mostly upset because no one even made an attempt to help us. the least they could do was review the tapes with us so we could see for ourselves that they looked. he was upset that they didn't even pretend to care. we made the effort to go there they could of at least fake it. as he was telling me this the receptionist had called the owner and let my boyfriend talk to him. the owner said he reviewed the tapes and there was no ring on my finger. but i had already been asked to remove the ring so obviously there was no ring. defeated we decided to leave.5 minutes later the receptionist calls me and said the owner would be willing to review the tapes with us if we wanted to come back. at this point why not? so we turn around and head back. the owner met us at the car. he said they got a hold of the cleaning lady and she had actually took my ring and gave us permission to go to her house and get it. the lady said that she found it and no one was there so she took it. WTF logic is that? i'm not sure what happened to this lady but you have to trust your cleaning crew cause you give them access to your facility after hours. they shouldn't TAKE anything unless they find the in the TRASH!I'm kinda irked that the tech lied and said she saw me put the ring in my purse she could have said I don't remember or I don't know. I never was saying she stole it or anything or even that it was the salons fault that I forgot it. I just wanted them to look for it. i knew 120% that i left it at the salon. it was my own fault i forgot it.in summary i got my ring back. friends tell me that they should have given me a free service for the trouble/lies or went and got the ring for me (the lady lived about 20 miles away). but all i cared about was getting my ring back. my boyfriend was happy with how the owner intervened and made a trip to the salon to take care of us in person.the gel manicure was really good. it lasted a month with no chipping or peeling off. the only reason i took them off was because of all the growth from the nail was looking ugly. i actually went back to this salon to get it removed. no one mentioned the incident but i'm sure they knew who it was. because of all that happened i personally wouldn't go back to the salon. but they do good long lasting work. and its clean. make sure you make an appointment and dont leave anything cause you might never see it again
4	Got another mani/pedi today.  Mani was much better today.   Go see Kevin !   He is awesome!  He shaped up my nails very nicely. Much better than the person who did my mani last time. Love this place!! I will be back to see Kevin.
5	This is the best nail salon I have ever been to.  Everyone is so nice and they do a great job every time I go.  i live 20 minutes away and still drive all the over to get my nails done.  They get busy so make sure to make an appointment but they can usually get you in the next day.
3	I have gone to polish 3 times now. My last visit was Friday 1/13/12. I am pleased with my service of a full set of pink and whites and a pedicure. I'm unsure if I will be back seeing as they are already breaking. some of the staff made it not an enjoyable. On my second visit ther susana came up to my nail technician and Rudely told her and the technicians around me not to speak Vietnamese because it made me uncomfortable. She also said "Kim said to listen because she hates repeating herself" I never complained. If anything she made me uncomfortable. I called and complained and was told that was policy and hung up on.On my last visit susana allowed other technicians to speak in vietnamese right in front of me while "lil kim" was saying fuck her baby daddy and karma is a bitch while susana was agreeing. I'm sorry but if I'm paying $75 for nails and a pedicure I don't want to hear that. I'd much rather you speak in Vietnamese. I think some of the technicians are poorly mistreated and others are allowed to get away with anything. There's a sign the says if you have a problem to let them know and NOTHING was done to fix mine.
1	Really!?!?  Felt rushed everytime I was there. Nail techs. Only have 30 min for A fill. :( I like personal time and touch
3	I have been holding off at writing a review for about a year. My co-workers had recommended this place to me after I was looking for a new salon to do gel manicure. They showed me their own gel manicures and how long they last, I was sold. For probably about 3 months, I went dutifully every 2 weeks to get gel manicure and sometimes with a pedicure. The owner Kim did my gel manicure all those times. Then one day, I showed up for my appointment and was told Kim the owner wasn't going to be in and I needed to pick someone else to do my nails. I asked why I wasn't called to reschedule and the receptionist Susanna couldn't provide me with an answer. I chose another tech and she did everything really well and super nice so it wasn't a big deal, but, that experience did not sit well with me. As a regular client, I expected a call from the salon letting me know my regular was not available and ask if I would like to reschedule. I felt disrespected and not valued. The next time I returned, I was told Kim the owner wasn't doing nails anymore and would not be in the salon as often as she used to. Fine. I found another tech who does nails well to keep me happy and to return there. But at the same time, I felt like it was time to find someone else to do my nails because I felt like they don't care for my business, so I can take it somewhere else. Plus, the receptionist Susanna has always been unprofessional to me, other clients, and to the nail techs that it was a huge turnoff for me. For the entire summer, I kept looking and trying different salons around town, specifically southwest part of Las Vegas, to fill the void. But no one could do nails as well as the techs at Polished so I returned. This time, I found another tech, Lisa, who has been AMAZ-ING. My gel mani would stay on for weeks! I love her. But I still don't love Susanna's attitude. Luckily, I have figured out if I go there earlier in the week, I would get the other receptionist, Brianna, who I love, so I would make appointments on the days Brianna works and confident Brianna would do everything right. After I've been back, I noticed that the owner, Kim, has returned to the salon on a regular basis, and, does nails. *sigh. I felt so lied to. But I got over it. If it wasn't for being ditched earlier, I wouldn't have gone to Lisa and found that Lisa is the BEST tech ever. Speaking of which, I just called for an appointment and Brianna wasn't there, someone else answered the phone, and sounded completely incompetent and annoyed me to no end. Argh.If just based on Lisa's work, this place would have gotten a 5 stars. But with the receptionist and other bad experiences, I have to knock it down to a 3 stars. I share the same sentiments as other yelpers who have been to this salon, but I am willing to trade that for a good gel mani from Lisa. Call me a sellout but good nail techs are hard to find. Plus, the prices are pretty reasonable. I used to go to Square salon and a regular manicure would cost me $25 and a regular pedicure would cost me $45. Polished is a much better deal, really good work, and it uses the same products as Square. With that said, if you want good work, go to Polished. That's all I asked for, so I am still a regular.
5	This is by far the best nail salon in the area. I go in every 2 weeks to get a manicure/ pedicure and make my appointment ahead of time as it can get pretty busy. My favorite technician is Julie. She always does an excellent job of my nails and is very conversant. Beverages are always offered and they seem to really care about their customers.
5	Two of my clients who had beautiful nails suggested I see Little Kim @ Polished. Mine were "ugh" - I had been to another shop in this town that didn't care if I was happy or not. It took 6 days to get in, but Little Kim was worth the wait!!! She took my crooked, chipped, uneven paws and turned them into Princess Diana-worthy fingertips. Yes, it took an hour, but my nails were that bad. On a Sat night there were 16 techs, 1 receptionist, and the owner Kim. All were in a good mood and having fun teasing each other. The clients who didn't know each other were all talking to each other and sharing horror stories of other salons. I was known as a "shop-hopper". No more! I have already made another appt with Little Kim, and I know I'll be just as happy as I was Sat!!! Even tho it took an hour to do my acrylics (and undo the damage from the other shop), I was charged the normal price for a fill. Shop was very clean even tho it was the end of a busy Saturday.General -- Too many colors of polish to count :) Gels, Acrylics, Designs, Tips, even Plain is offered. I even saw some tips on display that had 3-D designs.
2	I've been going to this salon for manicures for a couple of months now for glitter tip acrylics. I have mixed feelings on the salon and think I will soon be moving on...First of all, don't try to go in there for a walk-in. I'm an on-call worker, who doesn't know how long of days I'll be working. I went in every day for almost 2 weeks to get a walk-in back fill and they didn't have time for me. First off, it's hard to find parking. When you go in the receptionist takes a bit to even acknowledge that you're there, which I find to be a bit rude. You don't even get a "Hello, I'll be with you in a moment" when she's on the computer or talking to her rude male boss.The salon is nice looking and the work is fine, although I wish they made more suggestions. It took me 3 fills for them to suggest I use pink so you didn't see the line from my old manicure. They're pretty quick, although a bit expensive. I keep reading about these drinks and stuff being offered, I've never once been offered something to drink here. The thing that bothers me the most about the salon is the male owner/manager/whatever he is. The first time I saw him he was chewing out the receptionist for scheduling a walk-in, infront of everybody seated waiting to be seen. If you're going to talk down to your employees, you don't do it infront of your customers. He'll sit in the pedicure chairs and just mess around on his phone. Looks tacky. If he's going to be there, he should stay in the back or do some type of work. Maybe talk to the clients and thank them for coming. The last time I went he saw a girl with a cracked iPhone screen. He walked up to her during her manicure an gave her a card for his friends business, telling her to get it fixed there. She kind of put it off a bit and he got really pushy, contacting his friend then with her phone type and name and phone number. I felt that was absolutely disgusting and unprofessional. Don't offer me services your salon doesn't provide, don't bother me while I'm trying to relax and be pampered, and if I don't seem interested then drop it. It bothered me just overhearing it and seeing the girls face. Won't be going here much longer...
5	Let me begin by saying I hate getting my nails done. Every time I end up with sore nail beds and cuticle cuts and as a hairdresser that means a week of pain at work. Well for years I have wanted 3D nails, I mean really dramatic over the top ones, and I decided this was the time to do it. I made an appointment with Lily after a favorable referral. Because I've never done these before I only had a loose idea of what I wanted but she took all the time I needed to figure it out. She was gentle and detail oriented and a while later I had the most fun crazy set of nails ever. No cuts, no pain, nothing! They even gave me a great deal because going as crazy as I did can be pricey. I love them! Everyone I encountered was so nice. I recommend them for any and all nail services, especially the fun ones!
4	So, 2 months after the review, I am still going to Polished. I have yet ("yet" is the key word) to have another problem with my appointments. But, I do get confirmation phone calls from Susanna and couple of times she would call and be giggling for a bit before she actually asked to speak to me after I have said hello few seconds before. It was totally weird and it happened more than once. I don't understand this at all. Because of her inattentiveness, I almost paid $10.00 more than I was supposed to. *sigh. Again, because my nails keep getting complimented by others and I really do like my nail tech Lisa, I keep returning to Polished. I wish the other receptionist, Brianna is there everyday.
5	I've been back to see Li'l Kim several times -- happy happy happy! While she was on vacation, I saw Lisa. She is very, very good, too. I am definitely a "regular" at Polished. Darn good salon!
5	This salon consistently provides the best service and experience in terms of getting my nails done. I have been going to this salon for about three months, and every single time I leave even more pleased than the time before. Very pleasant, polite staff. Got to chat with Kim, the owner, one time, and she is very down to earth. She will go to great lengths to ensure you are happy with the service you receive. They are booked all of the time, and while they will sometimes have availability for a walk-in, it is best to reserve an appointment ahead of time. After feeling the place out, and receiving services from multiple technicians, I am excited to have found someone that I feel comfortable staying with. Tammy is GREAT. I was referred to her by one of my coworkers, and from here on out I will be referring anyone looking for an awesome nail technician to her. I saw her today, and went in with an idea of what I wanted, but was having a hard time explaining. Even with my vague description, I left with EXACTLY what I had wanted.I see a lot of complaints about the pricing of services, but as a beauty industry professional myself, I can assure anyone that these prices are quite competitive if you are looking for quality work.
1	NEVER AGAIN! I have been looking for a new nail salon since I moved to a different area of town. I get a mani/pedi every week. A lady at work suggested I try Polished. I am going to Hawaii this week and wanted to do gel since it will stay better for my vacation. I called yesterday 4/30/12 to make an appointment. I asked for a gel manicure and gel pedicure. The girl who answered the phone was clearly rushed and was not listening to me as I had to repeat myself several times and she kept talking to someone named Lily. She asked if I needed just a gel polish change and I said no I need a manicure too. When I arrived Brianna was at the desk and I double checked what she scheduled me for (figured given my phone conversation, I should probably verify) she told me I was scheduled for a gel manicure. I told her I had also scheduled a gel pedicure. She doubled checked the computer and said "oh ya I see it now, you were just scheduled with 2 different people so I didn't see it at first". Ok, no problem, I understand that. My appointment was at 6:15pm. At 6:25 I was seated at a pedicure station, I was ok with waiting I know things run late sometimes. The guy started my pedicure and he then asked what color I wanted. I showed him and he said he couldn't do that one because it was a gel color. I know, that is what I scheduled. He went to the counter and talk to Brianna. She rudely said "she can't have that"??? Why not? That is what I scheduled.  He came back to me and said he couldn't do it because they didn't have a technician and according to their books I only scheduled a regular pedicure and maybe I could come back tomorrow for a polish change (which I would have to pay an additional $25 for).Not possible. I specifically asked for the gel because of my upcoming vacation. I even verified with Brianna when I arrived about it yet now she rudely states "she can't have it?" Anyway, so I had to get a regular pedicure which was....basic. not to mention I left there with rough feet, something that has never happened after a pedicure.After the pedicure I was told to go up front to wait for my manicure. When i went up to the counter the other counter girl who was very nice asked me about the service. I was mid answer and Brianna yells at me "I'm taking you to your manicure" I told her I was just answering the question of her co worker and Brianne rudely told me that I needed to just follow her. I was asked a question by the staff and I am cut off mid sentence like a child as if I was doing something wrong? She seats me and I have to wait about 10 minutes for the tech, so why couldn't I have finished my conversation with her co worker? Brianna was rude to both customers and staff, many times of which staff commented on. Anyway, every manicure I have ever received included nail prep (shaping, filing, etc.) as well as lotion and hand rub etc. apparently at Polished a manicure is JUST filing your nails (which my really didn't need) and polish. Seriously? Icing on the cake? The girl next to me getting her nails done decided she wanted a gel pedicure too, but didn't have an appointment. Brianna sent a technician right over to do her toes. I couldn't have gel which I made an appointment, for because they were too busy but the girl next to me can?In the end, $80 later, I will say this: Nail Salons are a dime a dozen in Las Vegas.  Service is EVERYTHING and I am not even a very picky person when it comes to service. HOWEVER, I will NEVER return to Polished specifically based on the very rude way I was treated by BRIANNA. As I mentioned, I get my nails and toes done every week. I don't know if Brianna is the receptionist, manager, or owner but I will NEVER go back because of her and you can bet I will never recommend Polished because of her.
1	I was very hesitant to try this place since they have EXTREMELY mixed reviews. Turns out, I should've went with my gut feeling on this one. For starters, they run the salon like a train station---You have to tell them EXACTLY what you want to do when making your appointment and they give you a time slot. Which is fine since they're busy, but don't dare to ask for a design or gel top coat if you didn't ask for it at the time you called for your appointment. The employees seem almost scared of the front desk girl. One even told me that she "wasn't allowed" to go over the allotted time, even by two minutes or she will get in trouble. God knows what that is about. If you don't want my money--- that's fine with me. If that was my store I'd always want my employees upselling all the extras.... They lose A LOT of money this way. One very bad habit some of the employees have is that they talk freely and loudly about their customers. I've heard them make fun of people's weight, clothing etc. It's very immature to see and hear happen. I've been there 3 times and each time I felt really rushed. This should NOT happen when I am spending $90.00 on my nails!! The quality i received was very poor. All 3 visits concluded with lifted, cracked and/or peeling nails before the week was up. They tell you that they "guarantee" their nails for one week. And ironically-- That's how long they last! The only reason I went three times was that my best friend does like the place and we usually went together, so I took one for the team and just went. But never again. I did my nails 4 days ago (my 3rd and most definitely last time there) and I have 3 nails that lifted and cracked at the base. They're uneven, all filed at different thickness. I also know for a fact that several of the over the top good reviews about this place are shill reviews (submitted by their employees)  Tsk Tsk! There are much better places to go for quality work. YES Polished does do great artistic work but it's like putting million dollar paint on asbestos filled walls... Don't be fooled!....
1	**!! DO NOT USE LILLY - THE WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!** Scheduled 1st appt here for full set & 3D nail art. Was told Lilly was my tech who was short tempered "she hadn't had a break all day". Asked for tips to be higher as she was gluing first tip she said No it would look funny. Asked her to redo, she said She now cant give me 3D nail art. Asked to file with a moon shape she said that's extra and more time. When seen how upset I was she completed the FULL SET in 30 MIN threw a 3D bow on with gel she gooped all over the nail. Never had I experienced this at any other salon too bad the salon there was very sheek for a nail salon until I was given Lilly as my tech. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!
5	What a place! I had the privilege of meeting the "owners" and what an awesome caring couple. The staff there is funny, enjoyable, and very pleasant! With that being said.. One person has really made my every stay with her a delight.. You can call her Le! Le has an ever glowing sunshine to her work and I love it! See you soon Le!!!!
4	I'm not sure why there are so many negative comments, I had a good experience here.  The main reason I tried this place is because of the location, only being about 5 minutes away from my house.  Christina did my nails, extremely helpful and nice.  She took her time to get me the the exact color I wanted, talked to me and offered me a drink.  I went in an hour before closing and the receptionist was afraid I wouldn't be able to squeeze in a pedicure, but Christina was fast and efficient to make sure I had enough time.  Another woman (I forgot her name :( ) did my pedicure when everyone was already packed up and ready to leave so I really appreciated that.  It seriously was the best pedicure I've ever had, all the tough skin I had on my feet gone.  A lot of people complain about the laziness of the owner, but I didn't see him fooling around.  A nail lady's phone was going off and he was attentive to put her ringer on silent, and sorting through the receipts with the receptionist. Only downside...the owner of the place was there today, and a bit standoffish.  I wouldn't say rude...but not friendly.  He interrupted my pedicure to have the lady check a yelp review (I'm assuming) because it was regarding a complaint and it was in a different language she could understand.  I didn't mind but it seemed unprofessional.  He kind of was staring at me, so I just said hello and he ignored me. :/ I would have given it five stars.  However, I work in an office, and a lot of ladies ask about my nails since I'm constantly working with my hands, and I will recommend this place and Christina!
1	So after some of the positive reviews, and moving from NW to SW, I decided to try Polished for a second time ( instead of nail salon shopping) I booked an appointment online and received a confirmation email, I was pretty excited. So I go to work, and come home to a message from polished asking me to return their call to confirm moving my reservation to 7pm instead of 715pm.( because I had gels on already and it will take a little more time to remove before application of new gel which is completely understandable.) So I return the call to inform them I will be there @ 7 pm, and that I was on the way. The receptionist then tells me we don't have your appointment. I then explained that I had a confirmation call, and email. She then remembered she was the one who called, and then proceeded to tell me that she CANCELLED my reservation, because I didn't call back in time! This is ridiculous! I never lost my cool about it I figured it wasn't worth it. I will never return to polished, because of lack of experience, which is sad because they have tons of gel designs to choose from. Well I know a place just like that called Blazin nails, great customer service and tons of options, plus cheaper priced and better quality. I will be back at square one and never leaving that square again!
4	Its almost always busy here to make sure to call ahead of time and make an appointment. They are known for their nail art and tons of glitter.
1	I went to polished based on my friend's rave reviews. I WILL NOT be returning.First: I walked in without an appointment and asked for a pedicure, and they told me it'd be about 10 minutes before someone could get to me. That was fine, so I took my time perusing their color selections. After deciding on my color, I started looking at the gel colors. I have been getting gel manicures for a few years now, and I like to know what product is being used before I get one. I waited for the front desk assistant to finisher her phone call and asked her what gel product they used for manicures. Her response was "Well, we aren't allowed to say what products we use exactly." I'm sorry, WHAT?! I must have misheard her, so I asked her to clarify and she said "Yea, we aren't allowed to say what products we use, but I think the name of the product is on the samples" and then she waved me away. Fine. I won't get a gel manicure here. Next, the girl who was doing my pedicure took me to my chair. The water was lukewarm at best, and I told her, but she just kinda nodded her head. Whatever, I was pressed for time and just wanted to get my pedicure done. She puts on her gloves and files my toes. Next thing I know, she says something about cleaning and gets up and WALKS AWAY. I proceeded to sit in the now-cold water for TEN minutes. She never returned. I started asking the women who were doing pedicures around me if she was coming back, and no one responded. It was like I didn't exist. After ten minues of sitting there waiting for someone who didn't seem to be coming back, I gathered my stuff and walked out. About 15 minutes later, they called me on my cell phone, but I couldn't answer. They didn't leave a message. Perhaps the woman who was doing my pedicure finally decided to return and was shocked when I wasn't there waiting.OVERALL: This place was busy and I'm sure regulars are treated well, but I will NOT be returning. The only good thing I got out of this was a free can of Coke.
4	I was hesitant to check this place out even after two friend recommendations-a three star rated place is always a risk. It could go either way. Fortunately, my two treks (and counting) to Polished have been positive experiences.What I like most about this place is that you can make your appointment online. The system is easy to use and you get a confirmation once a human on the other end processes your request. I do remember reading in someone's review that Polished is run like a train station, which I guess I can equate the online system to. You pick out the exact service, time and technician that you want, and I'm not sure how forgiving they are should you change your mind last minute. I've haven't had a problem with customer service and I guess my only complaint is my appointment was behind about 10 minutes on my first visit. I definitely recommend making an appointment and my technician told me that they're actually busier on the weekdays than the weekend. The salon is clean, modern and pretty spacious (they're about to expand into some space next door) and has an abundant amount of stations. The technicians are setup two to a table and I imagine it can get pretty cramped but I was lucky there was no one sitting in my immediate surrounding area the times I went.The two friends who recommended Polished to me raved about their gel selection which is pretty expansive. All of the polishes and gel samples are set up at the right of the entrance and it can be kind of overwhelming if you don't get your nails done that often. I've had the soft gel manicure done and they literally don't chip or crack which is pretty amazing for someone like me who doesn't work in a hospital yet somehow manages to wash their hands 18 times a day. Towards the end of two weeks, my nails had grown out a lot, but the gels don't lift or deteriorate, maybe just fade a little bit. The prices are pretty steep and I'm not sure I can maintain an every two weeks regimen, but definitely will be coming here for special occasions and when I get tired of my hands looking like those of an 8 year old boy. I can't speak to their other services, but thumbs up for soft gel manicures!
1	The most stuck up salon I have ever been to. All I wanted was to sit relax and get my nails done. I did not want to talk to the broken english speaking nail technician who kept asking personal questions and then got upset with me because I did not want to answer them. Don't go see Diane aka Mama or Grandma. If you do not smile at her and answer all her questions she will tell her owner son who will then call you and accuse you of being rude and difficult and ask you to not come back again. I was not rude, I was quite and kept to myself.
5	I have found my nail place in Vegas! These ladies are fantastic, and so efficient. I came in to get a bad nail job fixed and they exceeded my expectations. Friendly staff, great job, happy customer coming back!
4	I went in for a pedicure, Lee did my pedi and it looked great, was very nice girl. I will definitely be returning there again. Reasonable prices, and staff seemed friendly. At first looking over reviews I was debating if I wanted to go in, but I'm glad I did. Plus I heard a lot of good reviews from the regulars. Close to my house and I was able to schedule an appointment that same day. The only reason why I have this place 4, because when you walk in, the front desk is so close to the door and waiting area, that it feels too clustered.
5	Everyone at the salon where I spray tan (Shout out to Body Heat!) has immaculate nails. They are always glittery and awesome and every time I asked where they get their nails done I get the same answer "Polished". I'd been going to Luxy but was disappointed when their upcharges and the length of time each service took so I decided to try out Polished. I was not disappointed. Looking at the mixed reviews prior to my appointment I thought perhaps some of the five stars were shills and that accounted for the vast difference in experiences. After my visit I think it really has more to do with what people want when they go to a nail salon. Some people want to really be pampered and take their time; others, like myself, want a wide availability of appointments and a quick turn-around. I got s**t to do, I don't want to spend all day in the salon, LOL!! If you are looking for a salon with a wide selection of gels, the ability to schedule online and lightening fast service then I think Polished is for you. If you are looking for a salon that is less busy, with lots of personal attention and long service times try someplace else. I give Polished 5 glittery gel covered stars.PS Lee did my nails and she was awesome. I uploaded a photo but pictures can not accurately show how multidimensional the color is. If you want the same it was Moon glitter over black gel polish. I paid $35 for a hard gel color change with take off (no mani), which I would consider about average when compared to other high-end nail salons.
4	I like to give people benefit of the doubt because we are all human. Initially beautiful nails but terrible customer service. But after that first experience the nails have still been AMAZING and the customer service has been much better and they have been very accommodating when Ive needed a last minute appointment! Overall good experience :)
4	Made a same day appt, arrived a little early and they seemed to get me right in. The place was packed for a random weeknight at 5pm! Appts aren't necessary, but suggested since they always seem to be busy. They do book appts online! They had a TON of colors, most of which were OPI and I lked that. I hate seeing a bunch of crusty off brand polishes at some salons. yuck! The girl who did my pedicure was very nice. She actually asked me how my day was and what I did for a living and tried to keep a conversation going. You didn't hear chatter among employees in another language that makes you feel uncomfortable. The $25 pedi is your basic pedi with a soak, quick rub, trim and polish. It did the trick for me. I will be trying the $40 pedi which lasts about an hour next time. I was satisfied with my pedi and the girl who did the job. I will be returning :)
4	I heard about Polished from a Facebook friend who loves her gel manicures almost as much as I do. I didn't make an appointment but was able to get right in which surprised me because the place was packed! They have the biggest selection of polish and gels I have ever seen and it was a bit overwhelming. The woman at the front desk was very helpful and went out of her way to help me pick my color. This place stays up on trends and has tons of styles to choose from.I got a pedicure and gel manicure. The woman who did my nails was not the friendliest person but my nails turned out so well I can't complain. I made my next appointment on the way out and look forward to becoming a regular.
3	I called yesterday for an appointment n was put on hold for ever so I hung up. I called today because I had a 10% off card n figure why not. Tammy who worked on my feet was  fast n pleasant, it was an ok pedicure nothing special. If I will come back it will be to see her. I am giving it a 3 star based on the receptionists, the kept talking to each other n not me. Called me by another name several times n never made eye contact. As a salon manager I know customer service is #1. Over all is was ok, might give it a second chance or not.
4	First of all I want to start out by saying I am a loyal customer who has a set "nail girl", "hair girl" etc...I only came here because my nail girl had moved salons and I had no idea where she went. A ton of my friends go here and rant and rave about the large amount of gel colors this place offers. I made an appointment the same day for me and two friends. This place is VERY busy, and now I know why....THEY ROCK! Everyone in this salon does great work. Mom did my pedicure, and Lisa did my full set. They were both so friendly and nice. I love the decor...its so pretty and clean! I will definitely go back and try out the gels next time. I will recommend this place to my friends.
1	WORST SERVICE & NAIL TECHS EVER! The only reason why I use Polished as a last resort is because they are "by appointment only" - I do not have time to wait and so I endure the poor service and nail techs that are so unbelievably rude it almost seems like a practical joke. Last week I went in for a 2:15 appt. and I was not sat until 2:40 and the tech wasn't ready so I had to wait for her to clean her station. The front desk, Arial, was so rude and had no remorse.  I got gel polish and it peeled off 5 days later. I went back to get it fixed. The new tech was the worst yet. I left shaking I was so upset. And, my nails look horrible. I didn't want to endure the ridiculous "no manners" any longer so I just left. DO NOT GO HERE if you want a salon. THEY ARE NOT A SALON THEY ARE A CHOP SHOP!!!
5	FINALLY! AN AMAZING NAIL SALON IN THE SOUTHWEST! The only thing I'm disappointed about here is I didn't discover it sooner! The decor is awesome too, not your typical nail salon where it looks like they ordered their photos from the universal nail salon catalog. chandeliers everywhere and i love all the different shades of gray and silver. I chose to get a Hard Gel Manicure. With what seemed like 100 different get colors to chose from I went with the white diamond. Its a white base with silver diamond glitter on top. My manicurist Larissa was awesome. She was really pleasant and amazing at her job. She was a perfectionist, and i really appreciated that. I would defiantly suggest making an appointment, this place is packed, and for good reason. The total for a hard gel manicure was 45$. Very reasonable, considering gels usually last for around 3 weeks. I cant wait to go tomorrow to get a gel pedicure! The receptionist was very nice & helpful as well. I will be suggesting this place to everyone.
1	I have been a loyal customer at Polished since it opened a few years back. When it only had one room and a small friendly staff. It was difficult to get an appointment but I called in advance because I was so happy with their services I would wait a week to get my nails done. I would normally get gels and I was very happy with the selection of colors. I was always treated well and offered coffee or soda and the nail tech would ask my name it felt very warm and had a great atmosphere. Now, Polished has changed, they have expanded to 2 (almost 3) rooms and have a huge staff. They started electronic ads on billboards, e-mail promotions etc. EVERYONE knows about Polished. Unfortunately, I will no longer be a customer of polished. My last visit they stuck me with some guy who barely spoke to me and was nervously looking around. He did my pedicure which looked great then I got a simple manicure no gels just polish. He did a HORRIBLE job, he didn't clean up cuticles or file my nails. He painted them no where near the cuticle, it looked like I had gotten a manicure 2 weeks ago. Later that day they were already chipped, I'm not an idiot, I know nail polish chips, but they just looked horrible. I called Polished later that day and explained everything, The very sweet receptionist told me it would be NO PROBLEM to fix them because of their 7 day guarantee and she even told me she would put me with the best nail tech for the next appointment. When I went in to get them done the lady who did my nails did a great job, and even fixed a chip on my pedicure. I went up to the desk after my nails were dry and spoke with the receptionist, she then told me that because I selected another nail color that I would be charged, I said are you serious? I just spent $50 yesterday on a manicure pedicure that was done poorly. She went and asked the owner and said that they would do it for free this time but next time they would charge. I told them that was fine and thanked them very much. Then, my nail tech came back from speaking with the owner and the WOULD charge me. What? They explained that they could not do anything about chipped polish, I told them that I understand the chipping but the tech didn't even make it to the cuticle OBVIOUSLY this was not my fault and should be corrected, whether I choose another color or not. This is simple hospitality. And being a customer there for so long I was shocked. I paid my $8 to polished for my color change (they obviously really needed the money) I would have tipped the tech $10 if it was free, the nail tech should have just not said anything- and I still gave her a $2 tip. Honestly, Its not about the money Its the way I was treated. I would understand if I was trying to get a new gel set with 3 ombre color and glitter design and whatever else they up charge for. It was a simple manicure. Polished used to rely on great service, talented nail techs and a great atmosphere. Now its simply a cattle call for mass amounts of girls to get their nails done. The expansion has only led them to be more greedy, raise their prices, and not give a s*it about quality which they lack to produce. This business is a sell out.
1	omg this place SUCKS. I came last week for the first time thinking it was better than the place I usually go to..more modern with better polishes etc..anyway..this guy Henry did my nails and in one week 2 of em broke off. The acrylic is so thin it looks like these are my real nails. And also one of the nail art things I got put on fell off to top it off. I guess they fix nails if you come back within a week but it's so far from where I live I went somewhere else and paid to get it fixed..then a couple days later another nail broke. So at this point I'm thinkin there is no way im paying  again to have this fixed when clearly my nails were done wrong. I drive all the way down there thinking they'd be understanding and fix their mistake and nope I end up paying for the repair and as this new guy joe is fixing my nails..he is shocked at how bad my nails are and tells me to be careful because they all were so thin they could possibly break at any minute. Another nail tech was there and suggested that I get em filled now because if not they are gonna break. Yeah, im gonna pay you guys again when you couldn't get a simple full set right in the first place. So I leave an sure enough two more nails broke off last night a few hrs after I left there. Unbelievable. polished looked nice and modern but looks can be deceiving. can't wait till these nails fall off so I can go back to my place on nellis & charleston never in the 2 years that I was goin there did a nail ever fall off or break!!! ;|
5	Ive been going here for 2 years now and just cannot get my nails done anywhere else.. The quality and selection of nail gels is incomparable to any nail salon I have ever been to.  The only downside about this place is that you must make an appointment and have to make it a couple weeks in advance to get a time that is suitable for you. I personally have been going to Lil Kim there... She always takes her time, pays attention to detail, and does excellent work.. Like I said before I could never go anywhere else regardless of the price or location... They are that good!
4	the only reason this place loses a star from me is the front desk. Im a stylist and have worked in salons my whole life and i know everyone should be agknowledge as soon as you walk in, i wasnt i had to fight to tell them i was here andd that i had an appointment, the chairs you wait for your technichion is right infront of desk which is very ackward. the guy running the the front didnt seem to know what he was doing.they do have soda for waiting people which i thought was awesome!I had henery and he was fantastic, he even suggested the perfect color for me and i had a few broken nails and instead of doing the gel manicure over them he fixed them for me. He toke his time nad my nails werent thick at all(the ones he put tips on to fix) i cant even tell which ones have a tip and which dont thats how thin they are. he toke his time which me and i didnt feel rushed out the door. i rebooked with him thats how fantastic i thought he was.
2	I've been there several times, only because it's clean & the nail techs do fairly good work. They use sterile tools, but the buffers & files are not sterile. The owners are very rude & unfriendly.They stare at you when you come in,bthey don't say hi or even smile. They act like they are doing you a favor to let you spend your money with them. I will be going somewhere else that appreciates my business.
1	This was my first and LAST time to Polished Nails & Spa. When I first walked in I was asked what I would like, they needed my first and last name and phone  number. I asked them why and they said for our system so we can register you, this was strange since nobody else does this. I waited for a few minutes and then went over to the chair that was located right next to the speaker that was blasting music. I guess they don't want you to have a relaxing experience. It was not pleasant to say the least. The girl could hardly say Hello. I told her this was my first time there. She could care less. She was not pleasant. I asked her if she could remove what I thought to be ingrown toe nails. It was actually just excess skin, but either way she had to ask the guy at the front desk. She said I would have to sign a waiver. He came back and told her and myself no. I said o.k. and she was filling up the tub with cold water. I told her it was cold then it was burning my skin hot! I told her it's too hot, if she would have felt it she would have known. The tub wasn't even 1/4 full and she had me put my feet in it with the blue salt crystals bunched up in one spot. The manicure was also terrible, she could barely cut my nails filed my skin instead of my nails. She barely massaged me, she didn't even massage my feet, she put cream on my legs and just rubbed it in, I mean really I could have done that for free! I paid $25.00 for a terrible experience, what a waste of money!
5	I'm not sure where all of these negative reviews are coming from. This salon is by far the most clean and professional nail salon in Las Vegas (aside from spas in major casinos, of course). Even if Polished wasn't less than 2 miles from my house, I would literally drive anywhere in Vegas to get there. I always get a gel manicure. They have the biggest selection of gel in town (at least out of the 20+ different nail salons I've been to). Their space is clean and classy. The decorations are really beautiful and the staff is very friendly. Also, their prices are STANDARD.... when they could easily get away with charging more because of the "experience." And by experience, I mean the fact that their employees are courteous and the ambiance is relaxing. The employees do not yell or scream or have conversations with one another (in another language) while acting like the customer isn't even there. Personally, I really appreciate that because it makes me feel much more comfortable and included (for lack of a better word). I've had my nails done here too many times to count. And of those "too many times," I had only ONE bad experience. And that one bad experience was likely due to the fact that it was a Wednesday night right before they closed and it was obvious that all of the technicians were tired and ready to go home. My bad experience was only bad because I felt a little rushed and because the gel on my nail started peeling off within a couple of days. But, I called the salon and they were very kind and apologetic and told me to come in immediately so they could to fix my nails. Apparently, they have a week guarantee on all gel manicures. You can't beat that!!Yes, this place is busy and yes, it might be hard to get an appointment. But can you blame them for having a successful business? No..or at least you shouldn't! Lack of availability for walk-ins usually indicates above-average product/service. Make an appointment online in advance and you won't have any problems! :)
2	I got a manicure here.  I had an appointment but they were still about 45 minutes late.  I got an apology but nothing else.  While I was waiting, I got to overhear a lovely conversation where a salon worker was trying to convince a customer that women can get pregnant from swimming pools.  Something about how they store sperm in water for IVF, so of course you can get pregnant from anonymous sperm in a swimming pool.  Sigh.I then got sent to one person to remove my prior gel manicure.  Which means she just left me to soak in acetone.  When she came back ten minutes later to take off the polish, she didn't get everything off and I kept having to point out areas that she missed.  Then I got sent to another person who actually did the manicure.  I wanted a normal manicure because I was getting sick of the gel manicure process.  The woman doing my manicure really tried to hard sell me on getting a gel manicure again, which annoyed me a bit.  She just quickly did the manicure and then put me in a corner under UV lights to stare at a wall with a bunch of cheesy feathers that people apparently put in their hair.  She didn't say how long I was supposed to sit there so I just sat there for ten minutes, paid, and left.  Are all nail salons this awkward and weird?  The quest continues for a nail salon that does not skeeve me out.
1	I guess if you are going for a gel mani, this may be the place to go.  If you want a plain old fashioned mani, go somewhere else.  My hairdresser recommended this place so I thought I would try it.  I didn't have to wait for my appointment but I did have to compete with the football game my manicurist was watching.  I actually had to ASK him to file my nails.  He did not ask me to pay before he started polishing so I knew we would have a problem.  When we were done, he kind of hovered by the table as I had my nails to the fan to dry.  Without direction, I went up to pay.  No surprise here, my nails got smudged - one actually chipped off so I am not sure what process he had applied to my nails.  I went back to tip him & get it repaired, which of course, annoyed him.  Thirty minutes after my mani, I have three smudged nails & I am very aggravated.  I will NEVER go back there again.
4	I teeter between three and four stars but I will round up in favor of the business. I had never had gel nails before and I went with a recently heartbroken friend to get gel nails and have some *~*~*GiRl TiMe~*~* before setting off to work that afternoon. I know gel nails are good because they last forever, and my job is very physical and I knew my hopes of regular polish were dashed when I got the job. Gel nails, I will say, are perfect for me because I can bang my hangs around everything and it does not chip whatsoever. I'm definitely a convert in that area!However, I do have reservations about the salon. They are not kidding when they mean no walk ins. Everything has to be scheduled, down to the last little piece of glitter on your gel nails. I'm kidding, but it is somewhat of a hassle to be scheduling and not be able to decide spur of the moment that you want something else in addition to what you're already getting. I have definitely had better pedicures-- I am in love with my regular nail place's pedicurist. The polish is great, but I didn't really get the attention my feet deserved with the massage and the whole bit. Lastly, I'm confused on how they do the pricing. It would be helpful to know what exactly I'm paying for, since the prices don't seem to match up. I'm quite happy with the gel manicure, but I'm just unsure about a lot of other aspects of the place. I'm going to give them another try in a couple weeks for their 3D nails. I am going to see Lady Gaga at MGM and what would she think if I just had boring nails? I think Polished is the place to get nails done that will impress her.
4	I love this place. With the thousands of different colors of gel to choose from, you can't go wrong. The technicians are fast and always listen to what you want. I would definitely  make an appointment to come here as they are usually booked the day of.
2	I've been here a few times and each time it's really a hit or miss. Sometimes my nails come out amazing and other times they come out horrid, and those times they come out bad, no one wants to fix it. They have a HUGE gel color selection and a bunch of different designs to pick from, so I'll give them that. The downside is that this place is always packed. If you're going to walk in without an appointment, good luck. The people at the front desk are rude. I get that you're busy, but COME ON! Some customer service won't kill you. Prices are average, but can get pretty pricey depending on what you get. Lastly, you WILL feel rushed. They just want to get you in and on to the next. I have gotten 3D designs here almost every time, and each time the nail tech always tries to talk me out of what I want. They only want to do one finger and always try to get away doing a half ass job and when I tell them that's not what I wanted, they roll their eyes and mumble something to their neighbor.
2	LOVED the salon, but my gel only stayed on for 3 DAYS!!! Yes, THREE.   Worst and most expensive gel manicure I've ever received.
5	I absolutely love this place! I have been coming here for over a year! I  travel all the way from Summerlin to come here. The drive is worth it! The nail technicians that have done my nails in the past, have all done a great job! Tony has done my last 2 gel manicures! He is so incredibly sweet! Not only is he a sweet kid but he does a great job! He's very personable and remembered personal things about me from my last appointment with him!! I Love polished! Customer service is always exceptional and they have thee best nail techs!!!
1	Well this was my third time going to Polished and every time I go I feel less than welcome.They have built up such a big clientel that customers are just money to them now.When I walked in I was not greeted.I waited in a line to give the receptionist my name and let her know i was there for my appt.I got a full set with gel overlay and glitter tips.Thw tech that did my nails did not know what he was doing.My gel nails are all ridged on top.i asked him to file them down so they dont look so thick and he did a little bit.I told him again and he filed a little more but it was not to my satisfaction i just wanted to leave.Also when i first called for my appy i asked how much for a full set with get and was told 35.00 for a full set and 25.00 for gel on top and when i went to pay they charged me 75.00.I almost died.What do these people think they have gold up their asses?What a rip off.I would advise anyone who wants to try this place dont get lured into all the bull this place is about.Lack of caring for their customers and a BIG RIP OFF!
4	Nice & clean. Got me in quickly for a mani/padi without an appointment.   A tad pricey, but good, fast service, a free beverage and a large selection of polish is a plus.
5	I stumbled into polished 3 years ago and I have been back every three weeks since. This is definitely not a place that takes walk-ins but I think that is proof of their popularity. The better the tech the longer the wait. Little Kim is my absolute favorite. Expect a 2-3 week wait for an appointment. What she does to my nails is art. Everywhere I go people recognize her work. It's insane to think that someone would recognize a manicurist by her work. She is that good! About 2 years ago I stopped telling her what I wanted and started letting her do whatever she thought was best. I have yet to be disappointed. The salon has a 1 week guarantee on all of their work. The selection of products is extensive. Pricing is reasonable for Las Vegas. The salon is immaculate and the service is exceptional. This place has become my refuge from life. I have never had anything to complain about here. This is how a salon should be! The owner, Big Kim and her husband, Wes, genuinely care about their clients.  They take the time to get to know you and they go out of their way to keep you happy. Do yourself a favor and go get pampered at polished. Just make sure you tip!!!! Vegas is a town built on gratuity. Don't be cheap.
5	I love this salon and I will be back.
3	It's a lovely space, tons of work stations but feels kinda like an assembly line.It's not relaxing, and if you want to relax, I wouldn't recommend it.If you need quick in & out service - this place will do it for you.More gel polish colours than I've ever seen.I will try it again but I prefer a relaxing pedicure, I hate to feel rushed out the door.
5	This place is super cute, extremely clean and everyone is friendly. I don't know how they have such few stars but they deserve more. Call ahead for an appt. because they are always busy. Their color selection is the biggest I've ever seen. They also have complimentary beverages which is nice, add some wine in the fridge and they'd be the perfect nail salon ;) - Happy & returning customer!
1	I wouldn't even give this place one star! I came here when they first opened and it was the best salon in Vegas hands down. I stopped going cause I moved to the other side of town. Well I knew I liked them so I went back recently and I HATED it. The lady at the front was very nice (didn't like that they shout across the room when their appointment is there but whatever) She sat me with Nina. Not only did she cut me. Multiple times, but she did a horrible job on my nails. I asked her if she could do chevron stripes and she said absolutely, when it came down to it, she did not know what she was doing. When I told her I didn't like them and I rather just have it like all the other nails she said no it's too late. EXCUSE ME!! NO?? I was so upset. She brought me to the front and said it was $70. Mind you I got a gel manicure and a design I hated. They guy at the front said no it's only supposed to be 50 something. (That's more like it) She was trying to get more out of me than she was supposed to.  When all said and done I was very un happy with the job and can't believe she let me leave the salon mad. I immediately went home and painted over the ugly strips she had done.
4	For starters I have to say overall I like this place. My first vsit was a bit rough but I gage it another try and since I have become a regular. Hanna does my gel mani and pedi every two weeks and she is great. She is very detail orientated and really goes that extra mile. The front desk staff has gotten a little better in the begining the reviews regarding their attitudes were spot on there are new faces there now and they are more friendly. Having an appointment is a must as they are very busy. I also like how they guaranty their work alot of nail salons tell u your S.O.L. if your mani chips the next day. So over all they are great I would just say their front desk people are good now but could be better that is the only reason they got four stars and not five.
1	This place has turned into basically a sweat shop. I went for a fill and was told I needed a new set but they didn't have time and I needed to make another appointment at another day and time. Also while they were doing my daughters nails the technician was told she needed to hurry up because she had someone waiting for her so in her hast she basically ripped my daughters nail which caused so much damage she has to wait for it to heal before she can get her nails done.
2	I would have loved to give my former favorite place a 5 star rating, but after yesterday they are lucky they got a 2. I have been going to Polished for a long while now and have been very impressed with the quality of my pedicures. I started going before my son was born and have brought him with me the last 4 times. He is an infant and just quietly sits on my lap. I called and made my regular appointment for yesterday; drove all the way from North Las Vegas; when I arrived there was a sign stating to the effect "kids are not welcome...please find daycare before you arrive."  I asked why they didn't say something when I made my appointment and I was met with complete disdain. I can understand that children can be noisy and run around...I get it, but an infant that barely says a peep? We have never had a problem. I used to hand out their cards to everyone and tell people how great they are....now I will not refer a single person there and will let all my coworkers and mothers I know not to patron their salon. It is too bad. Now before someone jumps all over me for bringing my baby....I am a single mom who works 12 hour days during the week. I save up just to spend a little time on myself once every month or so. I am not about to dump my baby off at yet another daycare/babysitter just so I can spend an hour to get my toes done so I can actually feel like a human once in awhile. Now I have to find somewhere else to go...not sure when I will have the time. I guess feeling pretty is reserved to those who are not single mothers or are willing to let their children not only spend the work week at day care, but also the weekends too in the eyes of Polished.
2	I've went here a few times since it's so close to my house. When calling to make an appointment, I'm left on hold for a few minutes to the point where I just hang up and call back. The front desk staff seems overwhelmed and stressed out all the time. The salon itself has cool decor and music. However, there doesn't seem to be a real focus on customer service. Definitely not a place to go if you want to have a calm, relaxing mani/pedi. I've had some good nail techs and I've also experienced a bad one there.  After about 5-10 visits, I couldn't take the unorganized, chaotic atmosphere and the process of just trying to get someone on the phone, so I took my business to Diamond Nails less than 1/2 a mile away.
1	I used to love coming here, until the girls at the front desk were completely rude to me. (The brunette in particular.) This is not the first time that it's happened. Previous times I blew her off and assumed she was having a bad day. I will not be returning to polished due to the fact that this girl has given 100% HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. She is a "face" of polished, as she is the one who seems to run the front desk. I think the owner should reevaluate her staff. I think many people would agree with this..... too bad because the nail techs are great!
3	Was trying to schedule an appointment. They kept me on hold forever. I just hung up and went somewhere else. I do love polished but they are not very convenient for my hectic schedule.
1	I had an appointment @ 2 PM. today and scheduled my whole day around it. When I got there, they gave my appointment to someone else disregarding my request for Joe. They tried to pass me on to another tech and I politely declined the offer. I was willing to reschedule and come back another day but they refused to compensate me for the inconvenience which was caused due to their negligence with scheduling. They give first time clients 10% off which shows, they obviously want loyal clientele. However, the owner told me he doesn't want me to return and is completely satisfied with canceling any future appointments with me! No apologies were given for their mistakes in regards to this mishap. Instead, the owner tried to humiliate me in front of his staff and other patrons by telling me, not asking me, "again we are completely happy to see you go". I was not trying to make a scene but clearly I was upset with the treatment I was receiving directly from the owner. I was passed on as if my time and my business means nothing to this establishment.With that being said, this establishment is well known in the local area but because it is not corporate owned, the owner of this establishment feels he has the power to treat his consumers as he pleases. I work in high end retail and use to help promote Polished Nails. Not only will I not return but I will be warning anyone I come across not to receive any type of service from this poorly managed establishment. And it's only a matter of time karma starts kicking in and people will get smart and spend their hard earn cash else where. Good luck suffering the consequences with your ill-fitting behavior. Kaye
4	Great place! Appointment is definitely a must. If they aren't busy- which they always are- they'll take you but much better to have appointment. Had appointment but still have to wait- the only downside.Lots of people but still nice and did a great job! They have all kinds of diff gel designs too!
1	Every time I have called to book an appointment I've been put on hold forever. Also, when I've gone in, I've been told to come back much later. DISLIKE
4	After reading some of the reviews, giving less than a 5 star rating due to the front desk seems to be a common theme. I've been going to Polished for well over a year and the only reason I keep going is because of my nail tech Tammy. The front desk is unorganized, chaotic and slow. I do my best to ignore that because I won't let anyone else-including other techs at Polished do my nails. One other positive is the 7 day guarantee-they will honor it. I've only needed it once and that was when someone else did my nails.Color selection--no where else in Vegas has as many color choices as polished. I've been to a few other salons and they have 10-20. Polished has hundreds of colors. Overall, Polished could improve their customer service-but don't let that stop you from seeing Tammy. She's the best!
5	Yes, you have to make an appointment. Yes, it is a little expensive.  After 2 years of coming to Polished, those facts no longer bother me. I would rather get my nails done at a salon that is busy and always expanding. If they were so awful as previous reviewers have stated, why are they so busy? They must be doing something right. Quality, endless options, and skilled technicians. I've been going to the owner, Kim, for over a year and a half. We have a relationship where I go in for a gel manicure with design and let her do whatever she likes. My nails are always unique, fun, and total attention getters. I have had women and men compliment me on my nails and I always refer them to Polished. My nails have also made it onto their advertisements. Make sure you come in a little before your appointment so you can check out all of their gel color options, decals, etc. The receptionists will also help you find colors if you have one in mind. I can never decide, so I let Kim play. She is a true artist who can do just about anything you desire on your nails. She also does an amazing job waxing my brows. I feel sorry for those of you that didn't have a great experience, but that's okay- more appointments for those who want to make a statement with their nails.
5	One of the best nail salons I have ever been too! They have every color an design u can think of. Great customer service! Highly recommend going!
5	I know you totally wanted to see my beautiful feet!  Didn't they do a great job?!  I do like the designs, it's cute and fun and you know me, I love cute and fun!  Polish was probably the nicest independent nail salon I have ever been too!  Very nice staff...and they speak fluent English too!For photos visit sooandthecity.com
4	I'm not sure what everyone is complaining about. I called this afternoon and was able to get a same day appointment. I didn't have to wait even a minute after checking and I got a great gel mani and pedi! I'll be going back for sure.
1	This place used to be awesome, but the pedicure I had today by a very (obviously) inexperienced "nail tech" has permanently changed my mind. I could tell that he didn't really know what he was doing and the polish looked like it was painted on by a drunk 5 year-old. I had requested a manicure as well, but decided against it after I saw the crappy results of the pedicure. When I told the receptionist that I wouldn't be back, she didn't even inquire as to why or make an effort to try to fix the situation. Terrible. Never again.
2	I've been going to Polished for a while(well over a year now).  Other than Mike knowing how I like my nails, everything else is very poor.  It's always something.  It seems I always have to rearranged my schedule but I do it to get an appt, even with an appt I have to wait 10-15 minutes AT LEAST.  The ONE AND ONLY time I was running late, I called to let them know I was running 10 minutes behind because of traffic.  The girl on the phone said it was ok.  I got there 5 minutes late and when I checked in some guy says to me (not even looking at me) "yes, you called but that doesn't mean we can make magic."  I couldn't even say anything because I had NEVER experienced such poor customer service, I was stunned!.  After arguing with him for 10 minutes explaining to him that I always have to wait 10-15 minutes, why couldn't the next person do the same?  The owner (looked like his dad) finally came out and tried to put me with someone else because I was now almost 20 minutes late.  I wanted to SCREAM because it was time wasted arguing with his mini-me.  I didn't want a different technician because I've sat with other technicians and I was never happy with their work.  They said that the next one would be free - IT WASN'T!  I told him I wasn't looking for a freebie always PAY FOR SERVICE and it wasn't about that at all, but it's the fact that they lie just to get you back in.  This was just the last issue I had with them, I'm not even going into the others for lack of time.  Anyhow, I didn't get my nails done for a while, so for a full set I decided to go back to Mike, made an appt, waited 5 minutes (no biggie) but this time his work was not the same.  Maybe he was just having an OFF day (we all do) but after this, I'm done.  They seem to be doing well and good for them but I require excellent customer service and they just don't live up to my standards anymore; and I think I gave them more than enough chances.  If you feel they're great...just give it time, they will disappoint you as well - eventually.
3	I have been coming to Polished for almost two years and still have mixed feelings about the shop. Pros:The best selection of nail polish/gel polish/designs everSome of the technicians are super friendly - Lisa, Jasmine, Tiffany, Joe, and Winnie - and make me feel welcomeHardly ever have to wait for my appointmentFriendly front desk girls - always remember my nameLarge shopTechnicians know what they are doing and mostly due it wellCons:Cannot figure out the website to set services and notes do not get read as the services I book are not always rightTechnicians seem to be highly stressed and panic if they are running over their time limitNo spontaneity if you want to do something additional and if you do want it, you have to wait for someone elseCost of services are not explained and if you have long nails, it can really cost you upwards of $70-$80Definitely no chance for walk ins - appointments are a must - especially if you have a broken nail or twoA friend of mine was treated very badly on one of her visits and no one stepped in from management to resolve the problem or offer any concessions. She now refuses to go with me to Polished which is what we did together often.I most likely will continue to go as they have a nice selection but will keep my eyes out form another more relaxing shop that charges a little less.
3	It will be a long time before I return to this shop! They do an amazing job on my nails every time but there customers service is awful unless your dropping at least $100 or more on service. If they're busy and you have a simple service there is no small talk (maybe with the neighboring nail tech) but they want you in and out. And if you ask for specifics like can you paint this nail orange and this one pink or something of that nature and they're running pass there allotted work time be prepared for lots of sighing and talking under ones breath. God forbid you nick a nail they'll be way to busy too correct it or make you feel foolish for nicking your nail. Oh someone else will fix it though they do pride themselves on how the nails look but not on the personable side of the transaction the girls at the front are super sweet and love to see everyone's nails. It really upsets me that they treat there clientele this way. It hurts there business and I always refer people to this salon, well not anymore. Moral of the story is good job terrible customers service even from little Kim one of the owners.
1	I went here a little over a week ago. I was excited to try this place because I am new to Las Vegas and I've been searching for a good spot to get my nails done. When I called to book my appointment I made it very clear to what I wanted on the phone. I specifically said I wanted two toned acrylic because I wanted to make sure they provided that service. They seemed to be more concerned about me not bringing in any children and showing up 10 minutes early than booking my appointment right. When I went in for my appointment I made sure to show up ten minutes early but I ended up waiting 25 minutes- 15 minutes past my booked appointment time! My time is valuable. How dare they take advantage! Once I sat down to get my nails done I noticed a lady with a baby in the seat next to me. I couldn't help but laugh since there was supposedly no kids aloud. Anyways I showed the lady a picture of what I had in mind she said that was fine but she just had to go request more time from the receptionists. I was a little bit confused but I just said ok. She came back and told me she couldn't get the extra time. I was soo pissed and I almost walked out right then! If I hadn't been recommended by a friend I would've been gone. Lucky for them the nail tech I got was very nice and talked me into something similar to what I wanted. In the middle of getting my nails worked on I over heard the lady with the baby next to me saying that she didn't like the way her nail tech was applying her glitter. She had the nail tech start over. At this point I was just like wow. And they don't have time to give me what I had originally asked for?! The baby next to me started crying. Very unpleasant.. Soo when my nails were done I went to the receptionist to pay and I explained to her I didn't get what I wanted and I heard the other receptionist tell her I booked my appointment the wrong way. They tried to tell me I should have asked for a glitter fade. I NEVER said I wanted gel! Once I left I was sooo irritated that I called right away to speak to a manager. To this day nobody has called me regarding the situation. By far the worst experience at a nail salon I have had ever! Do yourself a favor and listen to the reviews posted. I didn't, and I sure wish I had.
5	Make an appointment. I've been coming here for over a year and a half. Yes it's busy. Yes they all know who they are doing. Yes they are all amazing. I don't go anywhere else in vegas. The phone lines and bill board don't lie. Polished is the place for nail care.
1	INCREDIBLY disappointed. When I booked my appointment, I specifically requested the exact design I wanted, and the receptionist explained that this would not be a problem, as she was familiar with the design i was asking for. When I checked in forum appointment, they said there was no way they could accommodate this, as only one designer could do this particular design, and she was booked for the remainder of the day. There was absolutely no flexibility on this. I was requesting one small design on ONE nail only. I asked if the person they booked me with could do my regular manicure, and when I was ready for the one design if the other person could just do the design, and they refused. Had I not requested the specifics, I could maybe understand, but now I'm leaving without having my nails done for my vacation. I will NEVER consider getting my nails done here after my experience today.
2	I have only gone here a couple times but today was my worst experience. I told the receptionist and my nail tech exactly what design I wanted, but my nail tech was so rushed and distracted she messed up on my nails and she had to do two nails on each hand over again. I ended up resulting to a basic color with no design. I will definitely be searching for another place to get my nails done.
3	If I could only rate my technician (Asia) and the other two techs I've seen do work (Lexi/CC) I would give this place 5 stars! Unfortunately there is more to getting ur nails did than just the person doing them.1st-Everytime I call to make an appointment  I'm always put on hold, never once have I not have had to wait2nd-My appointment for a friend was scheduled on the wrong day and perhaps Tammy was having a bad day but she was not kind in any way. She said "what I am trying to explain to you" with the worst attitude ever and when I asked her name she was sure to annunciate Taaaaaammmmmy! Rude!3rd-During today's appointment I watched a receptions take a long personal call on the company line and received no "goodbye" or "thanks for coming" after spending $100 on my mani/pedi including tip!4th-If you are sick, stay home. The paying customers shouldn't have to hear personal talk between receptionists as we are trying to pay. If you want to charge top dollar for a service you must provide service worthy of top dollar! I might return I might not but if I do come back I now know to expect zero customer service at the front door and over the phone! The guy working the desk actually seemed to be nice and doing his job!
1	Let's just say this place is terrible! I could go on and on about the multiple issues ive had with the poor customer service ive experienced but there's not enough time in the day. So instead I caution people to enter at their own risk. Polished is very happy to take your money but good luck if you are unhappy with their work, or worse, THEY make a mistake. Im citing management as some of the worst ive seen.
5	Polished is a fantastic locally owned nail salon.I've been here multiple times for a MANicure and Pedicure. It's guy friendly because they have several TVs and they almost always have ESPN on.Service is top-notch and each nail tech keeps a clean workstation. They ask lots of questions about what you want to get out of your service. It's a little different for guys, since we don't really need anything other than basic work done, but several female friends are also always pleased.Lil Kim (yes, thats her name) is the best! Set your appointment a couple days in advance. It's totally worth it.Wes is the owner, and he is very friendly and personable. He cares about all of his customers and it shows throughout the salon.Bonus points for free soda & water.
2	Make sure you have an appointment, first time I went as a walk in, which they say they welcome, I still had to make an appointment for 4 hours later that day. Yeah.   The only reason I return is because the nail technician I have is great, my friend I go with likes her nail technician as well, and they can do pretty much any design or style.     On the other hand, I front reception needs to be trained on customer service and just out right taught to be courtesy!! The male receptionists are nice but some of the female ones have ATTITUDE. I had an issue my nail color was midnight blue and should have been black. I called someone answered (did not address herself) explained what was going then was told well I can't give you anything for free...I never even asked for anything for free first of all, then was placed on hold someone new answered then I had to explain everything all over again (she was in the back room) female states oh it's frantic up front and I can't authorize anything the manager is taking his daughter to a practice he will call you in a hour, he never called. Anyways I got over it, it wasn't for a special event so whatever.     But I went to my next appointment when it came to pay one of the front reception females were asking very high school like oh what's your name and gave the other girl that look "oh it's that one chick". Then one of the girls rudely asked  "Can I take a picture of your nails" I said okay but then said "put your hand like  THIS" she placed a business card in my hand and that's when I said "Oh hell no I don't care for free advertisement not like that". If I ran a business these girls should be trained to be polite and ask customers things nicely. Something like: "Ma'am may I take a picture of your nails to be displayed on our website by your nail technician and 10% off your next service?" My idea, the nail technician's work and the company could possible profit from, that's the least you could do...so never would I let you for free take a picture for that sole purpose, bottom line was carried out so immaturely RUDE!!      I would like to go back here to get my nails done but I'm very nervous that the front reception will schedule me incorrectly on purpose to try to inconvenience me. I've been here 3x now and each time I spend at least 70$, which I don't mind but not when I get treated like crap.
5	When it comes to nails, designs and colors the name speaks volume!!! Polished talent is an undeniably gorgeous!!! Today was my second visit Mai assisted me with my gel manicure pedicure! I highly recommend her if she is available! Mai was pleasant, professional and I adore her perfection with details!! The only disadvantage at this time was similar to most! The lack of communication when making reservations over the phone was a bit challenging considering the receptionist couldn't answer any general questions that I had. 1) What types of pedicures do you offer. 2) How much a pedicure is 3) Do you recommend gel on pedicures. Not a big deal perhaps she was new but she laughed each question off after saying she didn't know.Of course I will continue to return because so thus far Polished  has created some of the best work I've seen!!!
3	Haven't decided yet if I will be going back to this place or not. Both ladies and the gentleman at the front desk were very nice, but my nail tech was quite rude, and not friendly at ALL. From the moment I walked in and she "greeted" me it seemed like she had a chip on her shoulder. Had a much better experience at the nail salon up the street.
1	I have been going to Polished for 1-1.5 years and always referred my friends and family members here. I always had a great experience here and if there was something wrong with the nails (stickers lifting, chipping) they would always fix them for me if it was within 7 days after my visit. But my last visit and how it was handled turned me off from going there again. The receptionists are always great and friendly. I would go there so often they knew me by name so I wouldn't have to wait in line to get checked in which was really nice. My nail tech was someone new... I had never seen her there before so she was hired recently. I showed her what I wanted (chanel logo on my ring fingers with a base of black and the other fingers a shade of pink with sparkles on top. I found the picture on their website so I didn't think it would be a problem. She said no problem and went to work. They have televisions set up in there so I wasn't quite paying attention to what she was doing but when I looked she had put pink on all nails. That was ok... not a big deal. Then she preceded to place only one coat of the pink on which is a lighter pink and even from doing my nails at home you know that you need at least two coats for even coverage. Then I had to remind her that she need to put the chanel logo on it. This did not go well. So I told her it wouldn't be a problem and to just put the sparkle on the ring fingers as well. The nail tech next to her asked if she could use her top coat and in this exchange she forgot to put a top coat on one of my hands. When about to tell her, she started talking to the tech next to her and completely ignored me. I sat there for a couple minutes waiting for her to tell me I was done or for me to tell her her mistake- but that never happened. So I stood up and as I did that she pushed the slip with my total, said bye and returned to her conversation. She also charged me more than my previous visit where I had designs other applications done. I emailed the owner to tell him that I wasn't happy about the visit. He emailed me back saying that he was sorry and he would look into it and get back to me. Over a week has past and I still haven't heard anything. All I wanted was an email response that said that he talked to her and figured out the problem- didn't want any discounts or promos for bringing a problem to his attention. Just a follow up since that is what he said he was going to do. I don't think I will be back there just for the fact that to the business the clients are a dime a dozen and they could get more anywhere else. I think they should be spending more time trying to hold on to the clients they have that frequent their business and bring them more business. Just a common rule of thumb for most thriving businesses.
1	I called in to get a fill and pedicure i arribes about 10 minutes late to my appointment. Once i arrived i showed them what design i wanted which was fairly simple. The receptionist told me that the tech (Nina) wouldnt be able to do that design but the tech insisted she was able to give me the design i wanted. I got my pedicure first and i asked her to cut my nails shorter and she didnt do much except file the nails a bit shorter she made the excuse that i she couldn't make them shorter when clearly i know my own nails and they can be shorter than what she had left them at.After came the full and the color/design. She did a good job on the fill but when it came to the design wasnt able to do the design i wanted. I felt lied to by the tech when the receptionist clearly asked her if she was able to do the design. I ended up with nothing i wanted and felt like the tech just wanted my money and business. I dont know if i will be going back to the salon but i felt very deceived by this tech she shouldn't have lied and said she was able to do the design when the receptionist said she wasn't able to do the design. Dont visit the tech Nina (asian lady).
4	Polished does great work. I literally leave my gel on for 5+ weeks at a time and it DOES last (I get a gel application everytime with no manicure). I've been going here for about 2 years and the quality they offer is the reason. Yes the management and staff could be nicer but most of the time it's hit or miss. I've never had a bad experience as far as my nails go. I also don't know why everyone's slamming the front desk staff? I've NEVER had a bad experience with them. Try it for yourself before listening to others comments.
5	Wow. Polished is great. I went today for a soft-gel mani, a pedicure, and I got my eyebrows waxed as well. As far as a one-stop shop for multiple beauty regimes, this is a great place to go! The online appointment system streamlines everything for you. You can make multiple appointments at the same time. They are great here about keeping everyone on schedule. I moved from each of my appointments like clockwork. I have seen from some reviews that some people do not like this experience because it does not allow for any detours along the way. As for me, I personally like this style of doing things. If you specifically make the appointment for everything you need/want then the technician should be able to do the work in the allotted time. CiCi did my soft-gel mani and honestly this is the best mani I have had in Vegas. She was very attentive to my cuticles and took her time. And she massaged my arms/hands after the mani, which is nice because at my old nail salon they hardly spent anytime doing that at all! CiCi also helped me pick out the perfect shade of pink and glitter. All I did was tell her I was there to get my nails looking nice for my new job! She knew exactly what to do! For me, this was great because I am not super picky about my nails, I just want them to look NICE. So it was nice for the nail tech to take the wheel and just drive. Obviously CiCi knows what she is doing.My pedi was very relaxing and I enjoyed the massage chairs here. The water temp was kept at a reasonable level. Mom did my pedi and she really did take the time to do a GOOD pedicure, nothing seemed rushed to me. After my pedi I was taken to get my eyebrows done. The room they have to do the waxing is almost like a closet so it's kind of weird, but oh well. That's really my only ding. Mom did my eyebrows and trimmed them too. She also noted I should get my upper-lip waxed as well, so I did that too. Overall I will absolutely return to Polished for my future nail appointments. Unlike other reviewers I did not experience any negativity from the front desk. I simply walked in, gave my name, and they told me to select my colors. Maybe I just got lucky.
3	Polished is such a popular nails salon, all the girls with cute nails around town that I had complimented happen to get their nails done at Polished. Their selections are amazing, they mainly promote gel over acrylics because it's "better" for your nails. Which I honestly don't agree because my nails have gotten super EXTREMELY weak after they removed my gel. Although this has nothing to do with the salon quality itself, I don't think they should be promoting gel when it really isn't that great for you, but then again they're just trying to up-sell so I'm not complaining. Back to the salon itself, their selections range from plain colors to beautiful glitters, I tend to get the glitter ones a lot. They even "ombred" my ring fingers from a light baby blue to a dark turquoise color, it was absolutely gorgeous.So why did I give them 3 stars? Well, their service is horrible! I have been there 3 times and my third time was even done by the owner! They don't talk to you, they look at you with the meanest mugging faces, and the owner who did my nails that day was straight up cussing and gossiping with the other manicurist about how drunk a guy got and blah blah blah. How unprofessional! I'm still in a search of the perfect nails salon, so would I go back again? Probably not. Would I recommend anybody to go? Only if you don't mind them being rude, cussing in front of you, receptionists not greeting you, then you're at the right place.
1	By far the worst experience of my life !!!! I work in a salon and I am usually very understanding and patient with people because I know how it is when your starting out or nervous , or having a bad day . I would rather boost someone's confidence then complain becuase at the end of the day usually isn't that bad... This was far worse then bad. I walked out crying because I couldn't believe what happened. I called in a few days before to make and appoitment. Receptionist was nice and helpful so I was pretty excited . I had picked out a few different ideas with designs and wanted to talk to my nail tech and combine them. When I walked in the receptionist told me to pick out a color. A nail tech walked out and said " do u have color?" I told her I wanted to show her my ideas and see how much it was and if they even had the stuff I wanted. With enough attitude she told me that she wasn't doing my nails and didn't know. So I asked her who was doing them. She said she was painting them but someone else was doing the designs . So she took me to her.. They both started arguing with eachother about it. Which made me extremely uncomfortable. The most inappropriate behavior I have seen. So I reluctantly showed the girl what I wanted. She quoted me 40 . Not bad . As they start the other quotes me 40. So now it's gonna cost me 80. Both of them are mad at eachother and now taking it out on me... By this time I wanted to walk out but she was half in my nails . When she finished my pedicure I just asked her to match the color on my toes because she about had a meltdown that I had acrylics which now I know she didn't know how to do them . She finishes and they are fat at the tip and not even or flat whatsoever. Also they didn't match my toes at all...I walked paying 130.. I cried all the way home and decided to go in the next day when I could cool down. I walked in to tell the receptionist I wanted them fixed. She said they wouldn't only fix them and not charge me anything if I got the same color. Your nail tech is color blind and gave me the wrong color and now you wanna charge me full price to fix her mistake . I asked for the manager and some how they weren't there. I would have given this place - 5 stars but that isn't an option on yelp. Don't ever come here. Even if your an optimistic person , they will make you sorry for even thinking about going there.
1	Had the worst customer service experience ever at Polished. Polished sent out a groupon type coupon (spend $X, get $X worth of service), I called and made an appointment. When I arrived for my appointment, the tech I requested was running behind. Instead of going to a different tech, I rescheduled, since I had already waited 20 minutes and was on a tight schedule myself. When I came on that day Wes, the owner, would not honor my coupon! I was very upset as this was their mistake! When I told Wes I was going to leave a Yelp review, he said "Go ahead! Obliviously our business isn't hurting!" Well, Wes, judging by the constant coupons you are now sending out - your business is hurting. Maybe the way you treat your customers, and the way you mistreat and yell at nail techs in front of customers, is coming back to haunt you. I HIGHLY suggest Diamond Nails just a block down on Rainbow. Same side of the street. AMAZING services all around.
5	I am always amazed how some places have a lot of reviews and 5 stars, and when I get there, 2 stars is the most the place is worth. Polished is an absolute five star gem. I had an incredible manicure and pedicure with gel, both ten times better than the top spas I have one too. I recommend it without reservation. One will not be disappointed.They were very friendly and I had a great esthetician. I was happy with the customer service, and I am pretty demanding.
1	I don't usually write "bad" reviews about places i have been, because I do understand that sometime it just happens not to get the best service because of certain circumstances, but Polished nails and spa was the worst experience I've ever had in a nail salon.I have been there twice, first time I showed the "nails technician" the design I wanted to have which was nothing complicated ( some glitter added to the color) and she gave me an attitude saying that I should of said that I want design when I made the appointment. After she did a horrible manicure and the most chunky and ugly acrylics I've ever had, I told her that the design in the picture was different that what she did, she was very stubborn and rude and said that this is what I've asked for, I didn't say anything just left and got it redone at a different nails salon.A year later after several e-mails from Polished I decided to come back . First of all it took me 40 min to make a mani, pedi appointment, the receptionists kept putting me on hold and every other time was picking up the phone a different girl and I had to say all the info all over again. Ok, so I came in, the lady was nice and polite, and that was all. I had a regular pedicure and a gel manicure, the pedicure looked worst than I do it myself at home (and I don't have any "nails technician" skills") when she was doing the gel manicure she cut me to blood on two fingers that hurt a week after, and the gel from my nails started to chip not even a week later.So, I'm really happy for those who had the luck to get a fair service at Polished, but I am not going back. People, save your money and time.
5	Absolutely love going to Polished for my "me time". I always book my appointments with Lil Kim. She's my favorite and one of the most popular girls there. I trust her with my life, and by my life I clearly mean my nails. I never leave disappointed.Whenever Lil Kim isn't able to do my pedicure, I always book with Ivy. She's the sweetest! I used to not be a fan of the receptionist, but thankfully they got rid of the bad apples so now service is 100% on point.
1	Although I was initially happy about my experience at Polished, I will not be going back.I made what I now believe to be a mistake of telling the manicurist at Polished that it was my first ever manicure. (I think her name was Kandy.) She did my nails, even helping me pick out a color. I inspected my nails before I left the salon. Everything looked good except I noticed there was lots of space between my nail and the gel polish. When I mentioned this to the girl who cashed me out, she said my cuticle had been pushed back and would eventually cover that space. I paid $60 dollars for a gel manicure (including tip.) Two days later, the gap between my nail and the polish grew even wider. A week out, the gap looks more like the Grand Canyon. The gel nail polish may last three weeks, but I'm not going to walk around with a huge space between the polish and the cuticle. I'm going in next week to get it removed. For $60, a manicure that looks decent for two days is not worth it.
3	I have given this place two tries and I will not be giving another. My problem is mostly with the reception staff, who have somehow messed up both reservations I've made. I made a reservation in person for my best friend a month ago and said I didn't have a preference on technician, but I knew she would want gel nails and some kind of design (we follow on Instagram and know all the amazing things they can do). It was a surprise for her birthday so I said I wanted someone good. When we arrived, we showed the receptionist the design we wanted and she said she wasn't sure if our lady could actually do that. Long story short, she couldn't. And there were no other technicians that we could switch to. Even though I asked for this when I made the reservation! Now, I'm in the salon for an appointment I made with the same friend. When she made the reservation, she asked for two appointments at 3 and she wanted us to sit together. they moved her appointment to 2:30 because that was the closest time we could sit together and we get here and we're sitting behind each other! The guy at the front said that it was "pretty much the same distance away" and that there was nothing he could do because both our technicians had someone sitting next to them that would be busy for the next hour. Well, it is 35 minutes into my appointment and no one is sitting next to my best friend, yet I am still a row of people behind her. The work they do on nails is great, but the reception staff needs more training on how to actually listen to their clients.
1	Horrible service and overpriced! Girls that answer phones are rude and snotty! They keep sending me emails to come back in for a discount, I wouldn't go back even if it was free! Had a complaint for the owner and neither him or his "wife" who works there called back. Just because you have a billboard doesn't make your service better.
4	UPDATE: After my first review of one star for Polished, I was contacted by management at Polished. They offered to fix my nails even though it was past their normal fix period of one week. I went in today to get my nails re-done. Although the new manicurist seemed a little annoyed she had to fix my nails, she did a great job. I left with a great gel manicure. Most importantly, there wasn't a gap between my polish and my cuticle like my first manicure at Polished.I really appreciate Polished reaching out to me. It shows me that they're really interested in making sure their customers are happy, and I will be back.ORIGINAL REVIEW: Although I was initially happy about my experience at Polished, I will not be going back.I made what I now believe to be a mistake of telling the manicurist at Polished that it was my first ever manicure. (I think her name was Kandy.) She did my nails, even helping me pick out a color. I inspected my nails before I left the salon. Everything looked good except I noticed there was lots of space between my nail and the gel polish. When I mentioned this to the girl who cashed me out, she said my cuticle had been pushed back and would eventually cover that space. I paid $60 dollars for a gel manicure (including tip.) Two days later, the gap between my nail and the polish grew even wider. A week out, the gap looks more like the Grand Canyon. The gel nail polish may last three weeks, but I'm not going to walk around with a huge space between the polish and the cuticle. I'm going in next week to get it removed. For $60, a manicure that looks decent for two days is not worth it.
1	The last two experiences I had at polished nails were just awful. Granted the nail techs are always nice and do a great job, but your reception staff (and management) is horrible. I didn't come back to polished for a while due to a problem with a coupon at the front - the staff was NOT accommodating. So I went to other nail spots in the meantime which were great. I kept getting offers and emails from polished asking me to come back and they missed my business, I received an email offering a free pedicure in the subject line so I thought, ok, I'll give this place one more try. As I was checking out today, the staff said the email was a mistake and they aren't offering the free pedicure service but they'll give me 20% off. Um ok? That's the only reason why I came back, and how is your mistake on the email MY fault? It's not. You should accommodate your customers when they are upset, that's what a real business would do. And the guy with the glasses was just plain rude. He says to me with a huge attitude, 'well sorry we gave you free money' after he knew I was upset. Wouldn't you think to grab a manager so we can get the problem resolved? Seems like the owners are greedy and judging from the other yelp reviews, you could all use some coaching in the customer service department. I have never been treated with such disrespect anywhere else and I can assure you I will not be returning or recommending my friends to your location.
2	Let me start by saying I live very close to Polished and have been going on and off since opened.  I have almost always been happy with the service I get from their nail techs, and it's true... If you aren't happy with it, they will try to fix it for you.  The salon is very pretty, and there is a wiiiiide variety of colors, designs, etc to choose from!  Over 3,000 gel colors alone.Why haven't I been a continual customer?  The reception staff at Polished.  I originally stopped going way back when because the receptionist was horrible.  She was nice to the customers, but totally disrespectful to the nail techs... Yelling at them, berating them, being totally disrespectful, IN FRONT of the clients.  It was so uncomfortable, and I felt like I was in a sweatshop.Fast forward to a few months ago.  A friend of mine started going and on her recommendation, I tried it again.  The receptionists were a big improvement (there is a girl who is pregnant... Don't know her name, but she is always so nice).  I was always asked how my service was, etc.  shout out to Kimmy and Lisa too... Both great nail techs!So, now to why I'm giving two stars.  Fast forward again to this evening.  I had a 4:50 appointment for gels.  My six year old daughter went with me to get her toenails painted.  She loves Polished and jumps at the chance to join me; and it's fun mother daughter time for us.When you call Polished, they specifically state that children are not allowed unless they are getting a service.  I totally respect that.  I don't want kids running around either, and am always sure that mine is behaving.  She behaves in general though and is quiet by nature... I've never had to discipline her much at all.After my daughter's toes were finished and dry, she came over to sit next to me.  The salon on my side was very quiet and a lot of techs were gone for the night, or wrapping up.  At one point when I was almost done, my daughter got up to look at  the rings of gel samples.  There was no one else in that area, and I was sitting in the very front, so she was right behind me.  The receptionist (I've never seen her before) promptly came up to me and told me that kids weren't allowed unless they were getting a service.  I explained that I was aware of that, and she in fact did get a service.  Her response was "oh".  She then decided to address my 6 year old and tell her too that she was not allowed.  Seriously???My nail tech told me not to worry about it and assured me that my daughter was doing nothing wrong, but I still ended up with a little girl busting into tears as soon as we got in the car.  It was totally uncalled for, and I doubt my daughter will ever feel comfortable going back to her favorite nail place.
5	HANNAH HANNAH HANNAH! I wish this place was in LA!!! I just left with a perfect pedi and gel mani! Pricey but worth it!!! Hannah is such a perfectionist which I love!!!! Flawless nails! Thanks!
4	After hearing so many mixed reviews both on yelp and word of mouth. I decided to give it a shot. I booked an appointment online it was pretty simple, I love that they send you an email to confirm your appointment. The day of my appointment was actually my birthday, I was excited. As soon I step inside I noticed the interior was way better than every other nail salon I've been to. I checked into the front desk was asked to choose my color while my manicurist was prepping her station. When I chose my color I walked over to Christina's station she did not greet me, she didn't talk to me at all. I didn't like that we just sat in silence for an hour it was really awkward . Will I ever go back? Possibly I might choose another manicurist though.      Overall I love my nails they are beautiful and vibrant and the perfect length I just wish she would have said hi to me.
5	I had a great experience at Polished. After visiting Polihed I am addicted to getting my nails done! Already dreaming after what color to get next. I have had my gel manicure on for three weeks now  and it still looks amazing.
5	I felt I had to update my post for polished. It has been almost two years since my first visit and I still see Tee every two weeks. She is very friendly and professional, not to mention crazy talented. I genuinely enjoy visiting Polished every time and the quality is top notch. If you had a bad experience in the past, I recommend giving them another try.
5	I moved to Atlanta six months ago and I MISS POLISHED SOOOO MUCH.  I recently visited Vegas and as soon as our trip was booked, I called Polished to get my appointment set. My most recent visit was in January 2014 and they were busy - as usual. I never felt rushed. My pedicure chair worked perfectly and was clean when I sat down (I've had many sub-par experiences in Atlanta). My pedicure was relaxing and Kim matched my polish to my gel nail selection perfectly. I appreciate so much that Kim or Brianna always take the time to find the regular polish color that will match the gel color I select. I cannot say enough about the EXTENSIVE color selection they have at Polished. So many that I have to arrive early because it takes me forever to go through all of them. So many decisions - sometimes I let Kim decide for me. I know I am a very picky client and I can be difficult at times. Kim has never disappointed me!  She makes sure I'm satisfied with the color, thickness, shape and design on my nails with every step. My only compliant - they've spoiled me!! I can't find anything close in Atlanta. If I could only afford to go to Vegas every three weeks....
1	The owner has the worst customer service. When we booked our appt no one told us there was a fee to cancel. We were then charged a fee $35 per head for canceling. 7 of the 9 showed up. When we called to cancel, the lady never mentioned a fee and and said everything was fine. So when we tried to tell the owner that no one told us of any fees, guess what he did... Nothing but try to belittle us. He refused to show us any cancellation policy. He was soooo concerned about his nail tech not getting paid for the 2 cancelled appts that we offered to give the $35 to the tech. But guess what, he said no! So instead his salon got the money. He said he wants to accommodate large group parties but there's always issues and it causes him grief. You are business owner buddy. Get over it. Things happen. You need to learn how to treat people with respect. The ladies who work there are nice and did a good job. But the owner ruins the atmosphere. I would not recommend anyone going.
5	I have tried so many different nail salons around Vegas and NONE of them can compare to Polished! Whenever I call, the girls on the phone are extremely nice. Every service I have ever had done there has been outstanding. Their nail techs are all great! I have turned all my family and friends over to this salon as well.
5	I have been a customer for nearly a year and have always left with beautiful nails. The salon is super clean in a modern setting. The color choices are mind boggling! the 3-D art is the best in town.
5	Great service and environment. My gels last 4 weeks!!! I couldn't be happier. They also send out discounts to your email. What a deal!!
5	I see Kandy every 2 weeks and I have never been disappointed, I love their guarantee and all the colors they have to choose from! The girls at the front are nice, especially the blonde one, she always asks how I am doing. I highly recommend polished!
5	Absolutely the best place I done my nails in so long! I had to drive 30 minutes first thing I liked was that the atmosphere was great!Was greeted at the door!! Friendly staff!The nail tech I got was great!Most of all I was not disappointed like I usually am with every other salon! Took there time on my nails! My gel finish looks great!I love it all around!!
5	I absolutely love POLISHED! I live about 15 miles away and I pass hundreds of nail salons and I would never go anywhere but here. The color selection is like no other. I have never seen so many. It is always busy in here but I have never had to wait to get serviced. Tina does my nails and she makes them look perfect each time. The receptionists Arielle and Brianna make everything go smoothly and they always greet you by name. Whenever I have people in town I always take them to Polished! I love it here!
5	I've been going here for about 2 years now, Polished is the best! They have the widest gel selection and the friendliest staff.  I love my designs every time i go there - i have not had a bad technician there.Best nail salon in town!
5	I went to Polished after my friend had recommended them to me.  I am really happy since it was all that she spoke about and more!  I was a walk-in on a Friday afternoon and realized that I should have called to make an appointment when I saw how busy it was. Still, I was greeted by a friendly staff and was asked to look for a nail color while I waited a few minutes. I was impressed with the salon which looked beautiful, clean and organized, I was also impressed with the color selection which is extraordinary. It only took about 10 minutes before I was called by Ivy, who did a beautiful job with my gel manicure. I am very hard on my nails and so far they have taken a beating and still look magnificent. While it may be a little pricier than the other little nail shops around town, I feel that I got not only a better service but also a better, higher-quality end product.
5	I love this place!  I try to schedule Tammy but everyone there does a really good job.  The color choices are great and they'll do anything.  The artistry of the manicurists is phenomenal.  You can schedule online and they always confirm the appointment.  It's a little pricier but the service makes up for it.
4	Had high expectations for this place because I hear all the hype, and they do live up to it. My only issue is that while you are getting incredible service, the technicians are fast, friendly and can basically do anything you ask them, you are paying a premium. If you go often, it breaks the bank. But still worth it. Hence the 4 star review: It's pricey.I also make an appt about ~7 days before and I've never had an issue with my time. I do try to arrive @ least 10 minutes early however, because I've heard horror stories. Every time I do get my nails done here, they last for at least 3 weeks. One time, I even got gels from here, got them removed from another highly-rated-by-Yelp nail salon a few blocks down, and the lady that took them off said my nails were stronger and cleaner than ever (they felt and looked like it too), all because Polished gave me the gels in the first place! This could have been coincidence, but I like to think it was because of the exquisite gels from Polished.Received a few spa pedis from here as well, and while they are everything you could ever want in a pedi, I found a place down the street that has more bang for your buck (read: more services for a few bucks less). But if you're in a time crunch (who has time to go to two salons at once??), just get everything done here.
5	*Modern dcor and cleanliness *Our highly trained and caring staff  *Huge Color selection and quality products *100% Satisfaction guarantee *7 day warranty on Gel & Acrylic services *Customer loyalty and referral programs
5	I had a mani with gel today, it turned out great, i will definitely be back, I must say it is a bit over priced for a manicure it is 15 which is ok, but if you add the gel polish it is an additional 30 dollars. But I ink it is worth it, I have  had gel in the past and they definitely did apply more than any other place, I love my nails.
5	I've been going to this salon for a couple of months now and I can say I'm very happy with it, I'm very picky with stuff and they always do such a good job , I always go to Lil Kim " for my nails she does an amazing job and she takes her time with details, I go to Henry for my pedicures he is super gentle , I recommend both of them ! They are both great , the salon has a good vibe and staff is friendly and helpful
5	I love this salon! Expect high quality services!! The salon is always exceptionally clean and staff is always friendly. I've never had issues with scheduling and staff is always very helpful and courteous.
2	After a co worker recommended going here I decided to try it one day. It was OK, by far not the best nail spot in Vegas. I ended up paying $70 +tip for a gel polish & "decoration" (2 colors). I was supposed to get 10 or 20% off b/c it was my first time but they never honored it. It was nothing to brag about & most definitely not worth $80. I won't be going back.
1	I went yesterday to get my gel nails taken off. first let me say that I like the set up of the place. secondly, I am always polite even when I want to go off on people. I should have come here before going becuz I didn't know I wasn't the only one who felt like I was in a scene of mean girls. The lady who took my gel off didn't even want to do it & the receptionist had to damn near beg her. They'll be good with just their regulars. They don't have to worry about gaining a new customer. Carry On.
5	I go to Polished every two weeks and Love the customer service and my Tech. They always have an array of colors, sometimes toomany for my indecisive self but I wouldn't want to go any where else! I'm always able to get in and the front desk staff is always friendly! Love them! One of a kind!
2	I really wanted to like this place. I came to get manicures with my sister for my other sister's wedding. The bride had a great experience. The ease of scheduling an appointment was really convenient. The constant text/email reminders were kind of annoying, but I appreciated it.The staff seemed friendly upon arrival, but that changed immediately when I met my nail tech. I have honestly never seen someone who seemed to hate their job so much. She sighed constantly, wouldn't make eye contact, and was generally just rude. I booked a mani-pedi, and halfway through she noticed I had two colors. She asked if I wanted a polish change for my nails, and when I told her I booked a mani-pedi she was confused and annoyed. The woman at the front desk kept motioning at the woman to smile, but she continued the whole appointment with a frown. My manicure went the same way. After she finished, she walked off without any instruction (how long to wait for my nails to dry, where to pay, etc). After a few minutes I just decided to pay and left. Luckily, my nails looked fine and she did a decent job.I very rarely treat myself to mani-pedis, so when I do I expect them to be a relaxing, worthwhile experience. This was not. I felt uncomfortable the entire time. It was incredibly awkward . I definitely wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. There are plenty of nail salons with comparable prices. I'm disappointed that I wasted my money at this one.
4	I was referred here by a coworker and I was not disappointed. I was greeted when I entered, gave my name and then was told to pick my color shade. They have a large gel and normal polish selection which I loved. I was only confused on whether to just take the color nail I liked or the whole key ring of them. I went in for a full set of acrylics with gel color. My acrylics were done by Kelly, she was nice and listened to how I wanted my nails done. I then went to have my gel color done by Stormy, my nails look awesome and she was a great conversationalist. I live a little far from Polished, but I will definitely make the drive.
3	Honestly for a pretty and simple gel manicure I go to lisa. I have bad OCD so if my nails don't look great after a service I'll never go back. Lisa is amazing she always leaves my nails looking even and we'll manicured. Other than that I have observed some of the other technicians not being friendly and really rushed. I am a supervisor and know how important it is to manage your time efficiently, but when you have a person in front of you, you should remain calm. Also, some of the younger girls at the front desk can come off a bit as rude. Customer service experience can definitely improve. I recommended one of my coworkers to polished and she absolutely hated the services. She said her technician made no attempt to small talk and just chatted with the girl next to him the whole time. She was pissed because he acted like she was just a pair of hands he was working on. She was expecting a better experience for the price. She'll never be back and I'll never recommend anyone else. They should up their game and should make the pricing info on their website more detailed. Just saying!  I'll stick around only for Lisa.
5	I recently moved to vegas from Southern California and was told by a lady that I had to check out polished after I had a bad experience else where. First of all I have never in my entire life been to a nail salon like polished.... It's AMAZING. A girls paradise! "T" was my nail tech and not only did she do a fabulous job but she was absolutely hilarious. It was like one of my girlfriends doing my nails. I think that's what I enjoyed the most.. This place was filled with young trendy girls who spoke English! Thank god. There has to be 20+ nail booths here (it's huge). I called ahead and made an appointment. I was able to get in same day which was nice.Overall my experience was great. I will be back. Although I have to say if you want to RELAX and get your nails done go else where because this place is busy, there's music playing, and people are chatty! So I could see that as being someone's complaint.
5	I can't say enough wonderful things about polished. They have a ridiculous amount of colors to choose from, they always have email specials, and the shop is clean. What more could you ask for? I always come in with random Pinterest designs and they always accommodate. Polished is a great nail salon and I recommend it to all of my friends and even strangers when I get compliments on my amazing nails. I love polished!!!
1	Please read entire review so you don't have to go through this....It's unfortunate that this gorgeous salon cannot compensate for the rude & unprofessional staff! This place made me angry to say the least. I tried it 2 times and both times left rather upset. During my first trip the lady turned the water on and it was really scolding hot. I asked nicely to turn the temperature down just a little. She then drastically changed it to where it was pretty cold. I was uncomfortable with the freezing temperature so I spoke up again trying to be very polite. The lady started talking to the other lady ignoring me so I asked again to put the water on a little warmer temperature. She adjusted the water without even looking or acknowledging me. Look-  I'm not picky or by any means high maintenance but come on I'm sure it's pedicure 101 to learn about suitable temperatures , it's not algebra . Anyways the rest of my treatment was very uncomfortable as the ladies were most definitely talking about me, and went out of their way they to ensure it was obvious. I decided to try this place a second time hoping that maybe I have a better experience. This time the water temperature was not an issue but rather the technician though it was acceptable to lecture me. I work hard and am on my feet 8 hours a day so ya my feet are slightly rough on the bottom. Correct me if I'm wrong but isn't that one of the reasons to go for a pedicure? She kept going on about my poor feet being so so rough . I mean this lady made me feel truly awful about myself and managed to thoroughly embarrass me at the same time as both seats next to me were taken. I decided to bury myself into a magazine as an effort to avoid any convo with this woman. When we went over to the manicure station she asked me to take my ring off . Since I had my baby my fingers are a little larger so I explained that my ring doesn't really come off very easily & asked if we could simply work around it. Oh boy- this lady made it very big deal about this . She proceeded to lecture me about how that was very very (yes 2 verys) bad for my health and how I had to fix this. She didn't stop there she went on to tell me about how my hands looked swollen and I just had to fix this problem. I was mortified!!!!! I mean this was supposed to be a relaxing day for me and instead this lady made me feel like crap about myself. Needless to say save yourself from having to endure the rude, unprofessional, crap talking , opinionated staff and instead go somewhere else that won't take your day of pampering and ruin it !
5	I've read a lot and heard a lot of good things about polished. I went as a walk in but it wasn't a good idea. They're really busy but they were really nice trying to accommodate me. I made an appointment and love stormi! She's awesome with designs I have another appointment set up in 2 weeks before I leave to California (:
3	I've been coming to Polished for about two years now. I come here due to their unique designs and awesome color selection. This place can definitely change for the better. Their receptionist staff isn't bright at all, in fact I often wonder where they find these girls.....incompetent isn't the word to describe them. My last visit was today, where I had my appointment moved 30 min up - no biggie. I requested any artist but Nina, since when she did my acrylic fill it looked like a blind person handled my nails. The technician I got was "lil Kim". She never said hi, how are you or ANYTHING to me during my fill. She seemed very rushed and didn't care to make small talk when I attempted it. I'm spending my hard earned money for the  experience, not someone ignoring me and talking in another language to those around me. I do love this place, but the technicians are hit or miss. I definitely recommend Candy or Big Kim for services, they rock!
3	This place is hit or miss for me but it's the best spot in my neighborhood. They have a pretty relaxing environment being that they don't allow children and play old school poppy hip hop (Destiny Child, Ja Rule, etc.)The facilities are very clean and the pedi chairs are comfortable. The employees are good but I love a solid massage and they don't typically perform; hence the hit or miss statement. All in all you generally get what you pay for. The polish stays on a while and your feet are grateful for the TLC.
5	I called  last minute bc my nail broke and Ariel took a very good care of me to accommodate me immediately! Life saver ladie!)I did not wait bobby came right away to get me and did a terrific ice cream pedicure and fixed my nailsEveryone is very nice and very polite no idear what people are complaining for! Most likely you need to make a booking bc they are the best in Vegas!I'm now regular here when I visit Vegas from Malibu
3	I've been going to polished off and on for the past two years. Recently I found a really great tech there named T, and I would love to give her five stars bc she always does a good job! My nails always look good and last long when T does them! I've learned that before I leave the nail salon to book my next appointment bc calling to book is a pain in the butt. I called today to make sure I had an appointment set since I didn't receive the courtesy text they usually send out the day before. And of course they didn't have my appointment booked. I know I had made an appointment the last time I was there bc today's my sisters bday and I wanted them done for today! So they said they could put me with a new girl today at 3. I had a bad feeling about this.... This leads me to the reason I had to knock it down to three stars: Mimi and Lilly. I have rounded nail beds, not flat and they both had issues when removing my gel nail polish. It literally felt like they were burning off my nail. They were not gentle or efficient . Neither of them did a good job with making all my nails nice and even, let alone making sure all nails on both hands were the same length. Next time T goes on vacation I'd rather grow out my nails than go to another tech.
4	Despite reading a lot of reviews about the staff being rude, I still decided to come here because I've known about Polished" for a long time, knew they did good work & wanted to finally check it out for myself. Dawn did my nails today for my 1st visit & I absolutely love how they came out! She did a great job & was very nice. I will be back because of her, BUT there was an older white lady at the front desk who was rude to me! Just the way she acted & talked to the customers as well as me was discourteous. Hopefully next time I come in she'll be a little friendlier.
5	ive been going here for 2 yrs now. I have Henry do my gel pedi and Little Kim do my gel mani. I wouldn't go anywhere else. They are the best nail techs.
5	So I've tried about 6 nails shops in Henderson and lasvegas and I  polished!awesome
5	My absolute favorite nail salon. Lexi is the BEST!!!! She can do any crazy nail design that I can think of (or that I find on Pinterest haha.) :) She is honestly the most amazing artist, she can draw anything!!!! She is also the BEST at doing vintage roses. Worth the drive. My nails last months!! They NEVER chip until I start cutting my nails after a month or so. This nail salon has more 3d art than i've seen anywhere else (bows, studs, flowers from small to big, confetti... you name it they probably have it!) There is honestly nothing they can't do. If you can think of it, they can do it. It's a girls dream come true! Best nail artists in all of Las Vegas! Highly recommend!!
3	I met a lady who recommended this place.  She told me prices were less than what I was paying, I had paid $53 at highland nails, for a mani that's just too much in my book. I called to make a appointment and I believe I spoke to angel.  She's not very nice and could not answer basic questions, does not listen well at ALL! When I got there I have to say place is nice, staff can't tell you prices.  That drove me nuts! I make the appt, when I show they assigned me a different person.  Kept saying ask tech for price but it $10 more, more than what? Thought you have gel soaked and removed? Mine was drilled off.  And I paid $55 for gel glitter manicure.  Looked good.  Got a pedi too, left my feet very rough.  Why is it when a man is in there they give them long foot rub for women it quick?  I spent $100 and won't go back.  I just want a friendly place where everyone knows my name.
2	I've been going to Polished for the past several months and haven't had ANY issues up until recently. the last time I went in i waited for about 20 minutes over my scheduled time, which is not cool. sorry, not sorry. i then i made my next appointment three weeks later and the one person I am comfortable with and like to go to cancelled the same day and being a creature of habit, I do not like to go to someone else unless I see their work on instagram or the like. I've been trying to book with another reputable person but of course nothing is available and it's extremely frustrating. not that it's their fault per se, but if my lady hadn't cancelled on Sunday it would be a non issue. she better have been deathly ill because that isn't right. I'll be trying other places nearby for the time being.
2	I have been going to Polished for years, since before they knocked out the neighbors wall and expanded. In my opinion, they're customer service has gotten progressively worse. Also, your experience depends on the technician that you get. The one I've been seeing complains about how she expected me to want this service or that service and is very rude. She speaks to the girl next to her the entire time in a different language. The first time I saw her, my top coat turned brown and when I went back she said it's from rubbing my nails on my clothes and couldn't fix it. I decided to give her another try and two of my nails broke after one week. I also was sitting in the waiting area and heard the girl in front, pregnant with dark hair, swearing and talking loudly about something inappropriate. I'm over the Polished "hype" and will be trying the other salons recommended. They may not mind losing my money but I know several others who have stopped going and I don't plan on recommending it to anyone else.
5	I go to polished every two weeks and love my technician. They have over 300 gel colors to choose from, sometimes too many for my indecisive self, but Tammy always knows exactly what I want. I wouldn't want to go anywhere else def the best nail salon in vegas!
2	Charged me 5 dollars to grate my feet with what looked like a cheese grater and never mentioned the extra cost. Wouldn't gel out feet and I'll probably never go back. The lady was nice but they hustle. I wouldn't of cared if she would of mentioned it... So yeah no. Never again.
4	This was my first time at polished! I saw them on yelp and Instagram. Their owner is great at marketing this salon because it Was the most packed I've ever seen a nail salon. Bobby did my nails so fast I was in shock! I also got my eyebrows done! I thought she made them a little too thin. But I didn't specify . My whole day was only 27$$! So cheap! I'm used to paying 50-100 at the salon. They will be my new vegas salon from now on! :)
5	best nail place in town , kim the owner is amazing
5	I love this salon!! It is my favorite salon I have been to in the country. They are professional and clean, and the prices are fair. Lexi does amazing nail art! Tip: you have to book your appointments in advance.Highly recommend.
1	I'm so glad I took the time to read through some of the other reviews before mine. My horror story with Polished Nails started when I purchased a coupon. The first time I walked into their salon I fell in love with the layout, such an esthetically pleasing space. Unfortunately my love stopped there as the staff is as friendly as the techs are skilled. I suspect that Wes, the owner has not ever once sat through a customer service class nor has anyone that works there. This place is typical of businesses that grow too fast and take their clientele for granted. Polished is built up around a handful of seasoned techs. These are the ones that keep them going. The only reason I kept going back was because of the credit on my account.In short everyone from the owner to reception is rude and inept at best. Their main concern is not customer service but cranking out as many appts as possible.They also intentionally leave gaps in the nail bed to so my fill ins never lasted more than a week and a half at best.I was paying their exorbitant prices for gel  applications only to find out when I switched nail salons that 6 out of my 10 nails were in fact acrylic......why on earth would you need to put acrylic on my nails when all my nails are long and strong...more so why on earth would you be so dishonest as to charge me more for a service then give me a lesser product and service?DISHONESTRUDEINCOMPETENTNEVER AGAIN
5	I have been a loyal customer at Polished for over two years. I always get excellent customer service and my nails are always on point. I get so many compliments from men and women of all ages.I have never been the type to get her nails done on a regular basis until I went to Polished. I anxiously await my next appointment knowing that allowing Big Kim to have complete creative control will result in fabulous nails. It's worth the money to feel incredible and unique. There is no other place that has as many color options and super talented nail techs as Polished. Plus- they offer great deals for return customers!
4	Been coming here for 2 years. I love it. Sometimes their rude, but they do the best nails in Vegas. When you call though, if you want nail art, make sure you state that when you make an appointment. They do amazing work, and know what they are doing. I get sharp nails, most places can't do them as sharp as I want but here does. I will never go anywhere else. You get what you pay for. And this place is worth it.
5	Always book in advance and come in earlier than your appt time to choose from hundreds of gel colors! Loyal client to Lexi  she's amazing at shaping acrylics and detailed nail art!
1	This place is a joke. Every time I have called they put you on hold for ten minutes.. Either having 2-3 receptions obviously isn't working or they need to learn how to answer phones
2	I am new to Las Vegas - off the strip. My choices are in over priced salons inside hotels, salons that are unsanitary and do HORRIBLE work. I mean a gel manicure lasting 3 days! I have been to Polished 4 times. Today I hit traffic and was 3 minutes late for a manicure and pedicure.,they did not want to give me the manicure - I told them that's what I wanted and cxl my pedi. 3 minutes late? Are you serious?? Another time I made an appt online, drove 25 min and denied. I want to love this place, but what happened to customer service and loyalty. I feel sorry for the technicians there. It's like a chop shop ran by evil people. $75 for a gel manicure and pedicure. $5.00 extra to barely remove calluses? There has to be a clean FRIENDLY place other than Polished?
1	Customer service does not exist here..I've gone to this place so many times as I have credit there n not once have I called that they didn't put me on hold..so I tried to call while at the shop only to notice that they do that on purpose!..this place is gorgeous n so much potential if they even cared for their customers..they're just greedy people/owners..once this credit is done I'm never going here n discourage anyone to..yeah some techs do good work but I'm there to relax not to b treated like they're doing me a favor once I get there..!
3	My wife has been to every nail salon on the Westside of town with no luck. I believe she found this place through her Instagram and decided to take a small 'trip' to this nail salon. Her first visit, over a year ago, was with Wynny. She was very pleased and went back every 2 weeks. When her nail technician went on vacation, she gave some other technicians a try. Each time she came home, she was disappointed in the work. And soon gave up on this place after three different technicians worked on her. The takeaway is that there are lots of technicians here. I've even been in for a pedicure with my wife a few times.  So it is a bit of a hit and miss like some of the other yelpers mentioned. But you will find very skilled and talented technicians in this bunch. It's just a bit of trial and error, if you will. My wife did mention that this place carries more gel nail colors than any other place she has been, and each time she gets a 3D design it lasts until her next appointment.
5	I was supposed to write this review a month ago, but my sister got married in Vegas in June. I looked all over to find a hotel that could accommodate 10 girls and most places only had 2 chairs! I found this place near our hotel and arranged a limo to pick us up and take us there. I called the salon about a month prior and the manager arranged to have everyone on staff for our appointment. We got there on time and everyone was really nice! Everyone got their toes done, even though one of the five chairs was broken, we were done in an hour. Some girls got their nails done too and the manager let us drink champagne! It was such a perfect day spent with the bridal party and we couldn't have been happier with the results. Just FYI, there was no place for the limo to park and after a little bit a cop asked him to move, but other than that there were no issues. Definitely recommend these hard working ladies!
5	I absolutely love polished! The layout is amazing and they always offer you a beverage without even asking. Bobby is the best! Highly recommend!!
1	I first have to start with saying I just moved to Las Vegas from Arizona and was apprehensive to come here because I only go to one nail tech. I should have went with my gut.Polished is like a little factory, and for as many people working in there--- I should not be sweating or hot while inside your establishment. But thats not the kicker... I was bounced into two separate techs chairs because no one wanted to file off a clear coat of gel overlay and the loose powder underneath. The second nail tech filed off the clear gel, leaving the glitter, to say she would put acrylic over that, followed by a polish color. UHM WHAT?I asked her to put a coat of clear gel back on my nails and walked to the reception desk. I spoke with a very nice gentleman who walked over to tell the owner about the situation. Rather than her asking me to come over and explain, better yet ASK TO SEE MY NAILS to assess from a professional opinion--- she proceeded to curse saying "well is it on there fucking thick, its gonna cost extra," and multiple eyerolls, they were going to sit me in yet another persons chair. I politely declined and left the establishment. I will not be back. Customer service from the manager could have completely saved this experience, especially since she walked right past me while sitting in the first techs chair. I guess when you have 20 people working in your establishment at a time, you could care less about the one person who drove nearly an hour to get to your establishment and give your business money. I am giving one star only for the gentleman who tried to help multiple times. Very unpolished experience.
4	I waited until my second appointment to give a fair review.My first appointment I felt that I had finally found my go-to nail salon.  Kandy was my tech and she did a wonderful job on my gel mani and even suggested I do glitter on the tips of my nails to help make them stronger and grow longer.  Although I am not one for sparkles I took her advice and they were wonderful.  They lasted a full two weeks without one single chip and they could have actually gone a lot longer but I needed a pedi anyways so got a mani too.Today, my appointment was different.  I arrived early since I was in the area, 15 minutes early to be exact and I still waited until 10 minutes after my appointment time to be called.  The whole time I was in the chair I felt rushed.  I specifically asked for Kandy again because I liked her so much my previous appointment but this time my nails are uneven, filed all different shapes and lengths even after I asked for them to be fixed and I just wasn't impressed.  I also noticed on my customer card for my appointment that the scheduled time written on the slip was 3:20pm.....my appointment was scheduled for 3:10pm so I wonder if they do this purposely?Also, I realized why their gel lasts forever...it's because they put FIVE coats on, that can't be healthy for my nails.  Also, they use the buffer to remove the gel polish because it takes less time but the proper removal of gel is soaking.  I know this from experience and realized today that when she was buffing the previous gel off several layers of my nails were coming off with it.Another thing, I asked for basic black hard gel which I thought is what I got.  When I walked out into the sunlight it's navy--fine with me though I still like my polish choice.I will still give this place a couple more trys since I don't know anywhere else that can do close to as good of a job and hopefully my experience will improve.  Also, $130 for a mani/pedi is pretty steep especially when I have to drive 30 minutes there and 30 minutes back home.
5	I have been into polished 4 times, 2 fills and 2 pedicures. All the girls have been great. Constantly get compliments on how good my nails look! I normally have problems with nails lifting, but nails still look like a fresh set.
2	The manager, a man, was very kind. The staff could not accommodate a simple v design for my nails saying they could only do it in gel.  That it would take too much time... after I had already made an appointment and was 30 min early. The nail tech didn't speak to me at all. Very cold and aluff  feeling. The work was good, but I asked on the phone to have nail art. Not impressed at all! Not happy at all. I was referred to bond first,  and I should have gone there.
5	Great nail art, not your basic every day salon. Very nice staff as well! For mani pedi expect to be in a chair for about 2 hours. All the work was done very precisely and came out as exactly what I wanted! You're getting what you pay for defiantly but it is defiantly more pricy then most nail salons.
5	Honestly  I used to just go to any nail place on the corner of whose it and no one cares.Until my friend recommended me to polished. I went once and fell in love.It's clean, cute, and everyone SPEAKS ENGLISH.Love being able to explain what I want in perfect detail and have it totally understood.Some people say the tech didn't talk, honestly I prefer when they don't talk so I can listen to music or play on my phone.I do understand the hit and miss because everyone likes something different. But I always forget to get my techs name even if I like the service, and always go to whoever is available because I just don't care that much.Before, they used to get really backed up, but recently I never ever wait.I ALWAYS buy the credit and it is well worth it.I used to only ever get white tip acrylics but now started experimenting with gel and loveeee it!
5	It was my first time coming here. I wanted to get stiletto nails done and I was nervous because it was my first time and I didn't want messed up uneven nails. Anyways, I booked my appointment with Jeannie Lam and she even had stiletto nails done herself! While she was doing my nails she didn't say a word to me but work wise, she was great, she took her time on me and all of my nails are perfectly even. They have a HUGE selection of colors which is great because I used to bring my own colors to the salon I used to go to. There's lots of technicians, it seems like a busy place and you can make appointments online through their website. I think this might be my new nail salon :)
4	I absolutely loved my nails! I got an acrylic full set and gel polish. I wanted a "natural" nail look and went with short, rounded squared tips! Mimi did an amazing job! I will most definitely be back here soon!
5	I really enjoy this place. Every experience I've had here so far has been a great one. The last person I saw was Hannah. She's very sweet and was able to shape and paint my nails exactly how I wanted. Would definitely recommend her if you choose to go.
5	I came here for a wash &blow dry(with clip ons). Aside from loving my hair, i only payed $45 while the second closest salon started at $70. The hairstylist(forgot his name) was extremely flexible when I showed up 2hrs earlier then expected(my bad)& the more I got to know, the more I found out how experienced he was with hair working in popular areas around San Diego.
5	I got my nails done by Tee and she did a gel pedicure for me. She was very quick, accurate and did a wonderful job. I will definitely use her again. She got the design I showed her exactly right.
1	This nail salon has so many good reviews on yelp and I don't know why.   Despite some of the negative reviews I still tried this nail salon. I'm from LA so I've been to all the nail salons in between, I know good quality work and don't mind paying god $ for it to be done. This nail salon is overpriced, the nail technicians are very rude, unprofessional! Cussing and swearing telling their clients all their personal business about their kids doing drugs and who is sleeping with who it's just so class-less. We come to a nail salon to relax not hear about your business. And this wasn't even my technician! This was from across the room I could hear her.    They're too cocky and think their work is the best but it's not. I was charged 75$ FOR A FILL!!!! I could not believe they charge that much for a fill! I asked why I was paying so much and they all just looked at each other and all of a sudden they were speaking their language and trying to figure out a lie to tell me. Charging 10$ for a cut down!!! Who does that? I read some of the negative but all the positive comments and was still convinced to go because it looked nice but save your time and money and go elsewhere it's expensive and they are so rude and so unprofessional.
5	First time leaving a nail salon happy in over 2 months. The place is a little far from me but totally worth the drive. The receptionists were sweet and so helpful! My nail tech Nina was a sweet heart. I couldn't find the color I was looking for and I described what I was trying to find and she found exactly what I wanted. $45 for a gel mani and worth every penny!
1	I've been living in Vegas for 3 years and over the last few months have been trying various salons between my home and work, since my regular girl left town. If you want an honest opinion, here you go (apologies for the essay).I had my nails done on Friday for an event on Saturday night. I got gels with design on 4 nails. By midday on Saturday, 2 of them had chipped really badly and the gel underneath is faint. I called on Monday as I didn't have time to go back before and they told me to send a photo, which I did straight away. They didn't respond quickly, so I called back and twice no one picked up and the third time I got put on hold for 6 minutes and then the call ended! (I screen-shot my call log if you have any questions about this!).They claim to have a 7 day guarantee on gel nails and it took 1 day for them to get ruined. I understand that it was a 'design' but the chipping meant the gel underneath then peeled already (it's Monday, so 3 days later). Conveniently this is not covered, but the base layer is gel so surely that should count?! The worst thing is that TWO friends warned me against going here but I went in regardless and completely wasted $80 + the $20 tip I gave Wynni, thinking she'd done a good job.On top of everything, I specifically called 2 weeks in advance and requested the best nail tech and this is what you offered. Having spent $100 on the worst gel mani I have ever received, it's fair to say I am a little upset. They had a chance to redeem themselves by at least getting a manager to call me when I'm clearly upset, but instead a girl I hadn't even spoken to before called me back (an hour and a half after I called in).Not only will I no longer be using this salon, but I will now be booking all my clients from LA and Vegas into the 2 other salons that I have great experiences at. I will also make sure to mention this in the magazine article I am working on.If you have any questions, check my other reviews. You will see that I never give such negative feedback, but this was just a scam. I seriously question their good reviews.What I find amazing is that I went once before for a regular pedi and that polish lasted over 2 weeks, so it makes me question the quality of their gel and certain technicians, not to mention their customer service this time around.
2	Went here to get my nails done for my wedding. At first I got this guy, who was SO RUDE. I had asked him if he had any pink/nude gel shade and he immediately goes to me "Whatever we have out in the sample that's it. . " WOW okay, cause there are like a dozen of those nail samples right!? So when he started applying this color that I chose, once it dried i noticed that it looked too pinkish. I politely told him that this wasn't a good color and if I can switch, then he got so nasty and was like "I already put the nail polish (gel) on you, you need to pay extra!" WOW RUDE!!!!! I'm sorry that it was my wedding day and I just wanted the perfect nails. So when I said that was fine, suddenly I'm being ushered to a different table with a new person, this time a woman. Well the only reason why I'm giving this 2 stars, versus 1, is because she saved that appointment! How come she found that one shade I was looking for, and he couldn't?!?!?! GRRR ! Never again. I understand that this place is the "hottest" place to go to, but seriously some of their people have become big-headed and plain jerks. Sorry Polished Nails & Spa, you're becoming too stuck up for me!
2	I will preface this review by saying that I usually go to Bond. Nail Lounge, but I was in a bind and this place is close to my house, so I thought I'd give it a shot based on their good reviews. I'm not sure how this place has such high ratings, as my experience was definitely not on par with their 4.5 star rating. This place is just a dressed up chop shop. Customer service was lacking, and I had to move to a different tech to polish my nails after they were filled. The girl that did my fill seemed like she was in a crazy hurry and was super rough, although I will say that I was super pleased with the shape and thickness of my nails. The polish is where it all went wrong. The guy was also in a rush and was shakey and could not get my rhinestone embellishments into a straight line to save his life. I figured that, being a chop shop, my crappy nails would at least be cheap...wrong! $70 for an acrylic fill with gel polish and a few rhinestones. Needless to say I will not be back, which sucks since it would be super convenient. I am sure each tech is different, and you might get lucky and get a decent one, but for what they charge everything should be on point!
1	Terrible. They have all the color selection you can ask for which is great but customer service is the worst. Girls at the front are terribly rude and snobby. There was no manager in site or anybody who could help a disgruntled customer. My friend and I made an appointment and were 5 minutes late. We walked in, were not greeted, & when we checked in we were told our appointments were given away. Only 5 minutes after!! Pretty sure they gave them away to the girls that checked in right before us. I couldn't believe it & while no apology was even given for that, we decided to wait because we both found colors we really wanted. My technician was great and friendly but my friends tech was completely stoic and awkward as we tried to force conversation which was a bit uncomfortable.  At the end of it all, we were not even thanked or acknowledged from the B's at the front as we left the establishment. Not sure about my friend, but my polish was chipped within a couple days. I wouldn't recommend this salon to anybody and lord knows I won't ever be back. For such a trendy, expensive place, I half expected the best. Boy, was I wrong.
3	Hurray for being the ONLY salon in the area open a bit later. BOOOO to the whole she-bang lasting only 30 minutes.
5	My new go to place definitely. Tee is the best! I will keep going back to her because she's fast but does a great job. She always feels my nails to make sure they are smooth and when they aren't she fixes them until they are.
1	Over priced, not a friendly nor accommodating staff, overall I have had multiple poor experiences here. The quality of the work is good, but not all that different than the quality at other places I have found around town. I went here because I have a friend who raves about this salon and her nails always look great! Unfortunately I did not share the same experiences she has had. The last two times I went here I made appointments over a week ahead of time for a friend and I to go in. I specifically asked for the two of us to be sat next to each other for the service and I was assured that would be no problem. When we got there BOTH times we were sat not only apart but in separate rooms (we were both getting manis). When I asked to sit together the technician said it was not possible, even after I explained that I made these appointments together with that specific request AND over a week before. I was extremely disappointed but figured maybe it was an off day (even though there were TONS of open chairs at the time of our service). Regardless I decided to try this again with my friend the next time we needed to get our nails done and had the same experience. I asked for a manager before leaving and was told there was no one around that I could speak with. I asked for a phone number and name of the manager and the young girl at the front desk looked at me and became very rude because I was asking for information to contact the management. Not the best customer service.Needless to say I have not been back. Which is disappointing because the nail tech the second time was very kind and did an awesome job. I just cannot see paying that much money for a relaxing girls day and not be able to actually see or speak with the girlfriend I go with. *Sigh* This could be an awesome shop if there was better customer service.
5	Kandi is my favorite for my nails! Been going to her for over 2 years. Traveling all over the country and sometimes having to make a quick fix somewhere else leads me back to Polished and Kandi. I don't care how much cheaper any other salon is, you will NEVER get the work and quality you get at Polished. I also found a great eyebrow and waxing girl there. Kate is the first person besides my friend Jodie in Utah that does an excellent job on my waxing and shaping.
2	Mediocre and over priced. The plus side is that they have plenty on polish colors to pick from. The down side is that both times they messed up my nails.Since moving from California I've found one good nail tech but they're in Henderson. It's just too far.
1	Two out of the three times that I have came to the salon have been very unpleasant and I will not return. The first time the person that helped me seemed like they didn't really want to be working and was mentally distracted along with constantly using their phone. The second time was okay but mediocre and overpriced. The third time was much like the first time the woman seem like she was not interested in working she was constantly on her phone and said that she couldn't do things that were available in the salon. I actually went to somebody else and they were able to put a sticker on no problem. Thankful for that even though I know how extremely difficult it was.... Customer service is the most important concept in this kind of business and I just don't see that it is a primary goal here. Too bad for them because it's a beautiful salon!
5	I'm pretty hesitant whenever it comes to getting my nails done. I'm super picky & I like things to be immaculate.  I've had a bad experience with another place in Vegas. My friend told me about this place because she always gets her nails done & it's always soooo pretty. So I decided to give this place a try (after putting in some research of course) What can I say? I LOVE MY NAILS!!! Completely satisfied. I spent $81 for a full set w gel & a pedi to go with it. Not bad especially for the quality. I had Bella & she's super nice! The receptionist were really helpful & nice as well. I'll definitely be coming back!
1	Used to love coming here but the girl at the front desk that checks you out is beyond rude. I get a polish change and they shape my nail obviously. Get to the check out she charges me 5$ extra for shaping. So total is 13 for a QUICK 10 min polish change. Well maybe if you TOLD ME I would've gotten a manicure for 15 for 2$ more than the 13$ i paid which was supposed to be 8$. So illogical, she didn't even apologize or say I'll just charge you for the 8 bcs no one told you. Do the managers even see these posts? Maybe it would help if they got a little bit of consideration to their customers. It's not about the 5$ it's about getting your money's worth. You should give the technician that 5 dollars bcs of your rudeness I didn't tip her.
4	Love polished nails!!! One word of advice when going to polished is MAKE AN APPOINTMENT!!! They do accept walk ins but if you want any kind of crazy design or specialty nail it is recommended to choose a nail technician that can do what you want. I personally go to either Big Kim or Lexi. My friend goes to Cici and all three of these ladies do an amazing job. You may want to schedule an appointment a few weeks ahead of time because the people who do designs are usually booked a few weeks out. I know it's a bit of a wait but it is well worth it. I have not found a single place in vegas that I would rather go to than polished. Even after going to Big Kim only once she remembered who I was. She's even looking into ordering these special nail gems from Japan because I showed her how cool they were. I let her pick my nail designs sometimes and other times I just bring in pictures and they can do whatever you want. If you love nail art then this is the place to go (given you schedule with the right lady) if you're unsure of who to schedule with you can always ask a receptionist when you call to set up your appointment. I only gave it four stars because of the availability as far as appointment scheduling because they are so busy but other than that I have no complaints what so ever. The shop is beautiful, They offer you something to drink when you get there and they even have a cool app that you can download and get free pedicures after 6 visits. Polished is definitely my favorite nail salon hands down in Vegas.
1	If it happens that your nail tech will mess up they not gonna redo it, still charge you 60$ and if you try to complain they will tell you to never come back ! Never gotten my refund either. There are many other salons in the area who do nail art for much lower price and have way better customer service!
1	Very Disappointed!!  I've been too polished about 4 times and have never had this happen to me. I called for an appoinent and was unable to book because they require  You to pre-pay for your service when You book! I always see a good nail tech that does good designs (wynnie & Kim have been from the past) and I never had to prepay for my service nor have I ever missed an appointment!! Smh such a disappointment. Oh well, guess I'll skip the designs and head back to Creative Nails!
1	I was going to be a first time customer at this salon, made my appointment online but it was not accepted and I had to call to reschedule. I didn't catch her name maybe it was Christina? I'm not sure but when someone finally talked to me, I told her I wanted a mani and an acrylic full set then she asked if I wanted regular or gel and I asked what was the difference? The way she answered was as if I was dumb she said "its regular or gel I need to know which one want? Ones where you buy at the store." Like seriously?? All you had to do was answer the question doesn't matter if you think its dumb or not. After that I just said "nevermind, your being rude" and just hung up. I don't want to go somewhere where people talk to you on the phone like that. I was really excited to go and get my nails done by you guys but that just threw me off.
4	Went in again, and to my surprise things really have changed! I believe my technician's name was Mom. She did a great job, actually cared and took her time and talked with me. She did a wonderful detail oriented job on my mani-pedi, I was very pleased. I still highly recommend an appointment seeing as they are a very busy salon. I have not tried going back with a friend but I had a great experience by myself this last time. Thanks for taking time to tweak the service, the salon has certainly improved since my last visit!
1	I've been a regular client at polished for the past 2 years. I kept coming back because they have great BOGO deals and lots of colors to pick from. But after today I will never return and I encourage you to take your business elsewhere too! I have had MULTIPLE poor experiences with their customer service but always came back because I was mostly satisfied with the way my nails looked (although occasionally they would suck). I have also referred dozens of friends over the years because working in the beauty industry I get many compliments on my nail colors and designs, but I will not let polished live down their AWFUL customer service any longer, and me and my friends will not be returning!! Nor will I ever refer them again!The biggest issue I have had is that polished is VERY inconsistent with their pricing, sometimes a nail tech will charge a small fee for a design or stripe and then another tech will charge double or triple for the same thing or similar.  when I ask questions as to why or speak up about the issue with the fees for design being inconsistent with the nail techs they act like you are the problem and shouldn't be complaining and just pay what they are saying it costs. My experience has been that they act rude and mean towards you just for asking simple questions like "why do you charge more for designs than the last artist who did my nails"... That was my experience today anyway. And has been my experience at least 3 other times I've been here. So today,After I complained about the pricing changing all the time and being outrageously inconsistent with what I usually pay the nail tech refused to do my nails and the manager told me that they would not finish my services because I "complain too much" and that the other nail techs don't want to do my nails because I am too difficult. I would like to be very real when I say I AM picky about what I like and I speak up if I am not getting what I ask for, but I am sweet and kind in the process, never making the nail tech wrong or being rude if they can't accommodate what I ask for. I don't think my being picky and questioning the consistency of their pricing is grounds for firing me as a client, but that is what this salon has done and instead of fixing the problem the owner insisted that I will not be able to get my services done.  I don't ever normally speak out negatively about a company, this in fact is my first negative review on yelp but I hope nobody else ever has to experience what I did today.  On top of today's experience, polished is extremely difficult to make an appointment, hold times are long, they will give your appointment away if you're more than 5 minutes late, and not all, but some of the receptionists are very rude, and don't smile or say thank you for coming, ever. I hate that I have to give this review because a couple of the nail techs I've had over the years are very talented and sweet, but the majority of the nail techs are rude, standoffish, difficult to conversate with, many are inexperienced and incapable of doing even basic art. So if you want art like they so proudly advertise you must book with an experienced artist in advance! and be prepared they will charge you whatever they want for designs, it is NOT consistently priced, even for simple things like horizontal stripes or polka dots or faded glitter!!! So that is my rant! If you care about customer service AT ALL this is not the place for you!
5	They take their time, every time. Any idea on a polish design you have, they can do it. They are the da Vinci's of nail art!
5	I have to update my review because it would not be fair to the girl I usually go to, Tee. She always does such a great job and is very friendly. I see her about every three weeks for a gel manicure. She's fast, efficient and always does an incredible job. She really knows what's she's doing. Even when she does designs i know it won't take forever to do. I hate sitting in a nail salon for two hours. She can usually do a gel manicure in an hour and it you want minor designs that can be done in an hour too. If you want something more hand drawn and on more than one nail per hand I would say it takes her an hour and fifteen to an hour and half.
1	I don't review places often, but felt in this situation this place needed to be placed back in reality. Yes, they do display fun designs on instagram and overall seem to have a pretty good review, I am just going off of my experience. I had a scheduled trip home for the holidays and decided to give this place a shot. For one it was not relaxing and the two woman working near me were talking amongst themselves about the other female customer (of course not in english). Pedicure did not even come close to what you would get at any other salon. I still had dry skin and it wasn't a relaxing, massage experience I was expecting. The thing that caused me to write the review was when I left and two hours later both big toes completely smudged due to gooey, thick polish. I called the salon- they said they do not guarantee polishes, just 7 days for gel. I said that was fine, most places don't, but they would normally fix a mistake especially within the first few hours. They told me to call back early tomorrow to talk to a manager. I did, manager wasn't there and was going to call me back that afternoon. Nothing. Called the next day same thing. Basically, I never heard from them again and then to make it even better my gel manicure chipped in two places within the 4th-6th day. A regular pedicure and gel manicure cost me $93 plus $10 tip with Winnie. Not my style. Will never go back. Horrible management. Good luck!
3	Everyone is relatively friendly and they are excellent at nail art. The only downfall is the the quality of their pedicures. I have had three here, and left disappointed after each. Overall it's cleanly and gorgeous inside!
2	Came in with a bridal party for pedicures. The staff seemed completely overwhelmed and downright rude. Barking orders and seeming to be inconvenienced by our business ??? The actual pedicure was good, albeit impersonal with no conversation between myself and the esthetician I had no idea that I was done she just walked away.  My toes are pretty but I'd never go back.
3	I went to Polished for the first time about a week ago. Took a little work to find my reservation because they put it under Linda, when my name is Lindsey. They had a large color selection of both gel and regular polishes. I choose a gel color by Essie but was informed by the manicurist that the Essie gel colors fade so I had to choose a different brand of gel. I don't understand why they had these Essie colors available then. Otherwise the rest of the manicure was good. I did think the price was a little high considering I didn't get a design.
2	So after being an honest customer for six months and never having gone anywhere else to have anything done to my nails or toes I can give a truly fair review. Truthfully, I am only continuing to go back to get rid of all the credit on my account. Every single time I've gone to get a gel manicure it lasts ONE WEEK before chipping now (it used to last up to a month) and that could possibly be because I've gone for so long with their several gel coats that my nails are becoming weaker OR because their technicians aren't paid or treated well so they likely don't care anymore. Anytime I call to make an appointment I can't change my mind when I get there about a design because they won't have the time. I kid you not after I had a gel coat put on I decided I wanted glitter on two fingers and was told by the technician that she didn't have time sorry. Okay. People don't change their minds ever?Finally the last straw that made me really decide that I need a new salon, I had an appointment today at 10am right when the salon opened but I ended up sleeping through my alarm because I got called in for a late shift at work. I called the salon as soon as I woke up (11:40am) to make another appointment. After I made the appointment the girl said "due to your no show history I will need a 50% deposit to hold your appointment" HAHA is that a freaking joke? I've been coming to you guys for a solid 6 months and missed ONE appointment suddenly that qualifies me for "history."  AND the appointment was right at 10am when you open so could easily schedule another appointment or accommodate a walk in? My response was "take it out of the credit on my account" ---and now once this credit runs out I will NOT return!You lost a loyal customer Polished...and all the of my friends who I rave to about your services!
