3	This could be such a good thing.  Alas, it's not.  The theme changes depending on the night, and there are two dance areas, usually with different music playing in each.  The dance floors are small, and the DJ's are hit or miss.  Their big event is 80's night on Saturday's night, hosted by a local radio station.  Even on that night you can get a good mix or a bid mix for dancing (hint... Depeche Mode is not dance music)... Add to that, a pretty rude crowd, and it gets very crowded and, well, you get picture...On the positive side, their drink specials are good, and the waitresses are always friendly...
3	This is the place where party people in their hip-notic goth go to move about the cure & those other strange sounds which no one seems to hear a beat to. Yet everyone fervently twists & tangles there limbs together during the on-slaught of interesting methodical melodies.Then there is the "retro-room." A newly remodeled inside with lack of pool table and nice new red velvet chairs in its place. The one dropping ceiling fan which came close that night to crushing the only 'definite flamming homosexual dancer' on stage. And the distinct sense which is NOT truly '$nott$dale-e$que.'However, without all the glamour as the devil's martini south, martini ranch or E4 has to offer with its classy hip-hop language. Anderson's will always bring you back to 1985-95 with hope of a different beat. A rythm all its own. Where the people who can afford that $5 Corona goes because the Rogue, is just a little too far south along Scottsdale Road.Overall...  Be single.   Go in after 10pm.   & bring your sense of humor.    because NOT everything in '$nott$dale' is plastic.
2	I'm not one for bashing places but after having heard about this club for several years I had the opportunity to go meet a friend there several months ago. Only writing my review now since I'm wasn't familiar with Yelp. Anyways if you've been to other clubs in Scottsdale, or in any other city, let alone Europe like me, I might have been spoiled but I was really looking forward to a fun, happening place with great 80s music and loads of people dancing. What I found was a depressing looking place, maybe a handful of 40+ people dancing and a Gothic crowd for the most part (nothing wrong with that at all, just my observation). Had a drink since I paid a cover charge but didn't stay very long. I don't consider myself a "Snobsdale" person at all but I was hoping for much more. Music and atmosphere wise I had a much better time at Devil's Martini off Shea where young and old definitely were dancing. I might give it another shot but I can't give it anything more than what I considered a disappointing place.
3	I do have to say there's been a huge improvement since they took out the silly black-light glo paintings.  I usually only go on Fridays or Saturday for 80's/ goth industrial night since I'm not too into the other side with the more pop-y type.  Nothing wrong with it, I'm just not as into the music they play on that side.Parking sucks unless you get there relatively early.  Air quality was pretty bad when there was smoking since there was little to no cross ventilation.  Now it's better, but it's quite small so people tend to get smushed in there.  Fortunately for me I have friends who know the important people so I always have a seat somewhere.That's the redeeming quality - the same crowd goes out so you get to meet and know people better, and everyone has the same taste in music.  DJs are awesome and really take requests into account.Drinks are boozy - not watered down (at least mine weren't) so you get your money's worth there.  If you're looking for a night out and don't take yourself too seriously, it's a fun place to go.  Better than sitting around at home anyway, right?
3	this place is as phoenix can get to the legendary tucson rock club, Club Congress, while completely screwing it up somehow to make it almost unbearable to stay at.it reminds me a lot of Congress because it is a two room bar with a small patio and many small bars. it is also is in a historic building that has a lot of theme nights, good drink specials, and sometimes has indie concerts. unfortunately the similarities start to wan there.the main problem is the crowd that goes there, or the lack of crowd that goes there. when i moved back to phoenix about a year ago, i started going to the "pretty vacant" night hosted by william "fucking" reed there. it had awesome music, stella and vodka drink specials, and really good sound and lighting. the problem was that all too ironically, no one came to "pretty vacant" night. not sure if the marketing disaster was in the name, the fact that hipsters didn't want to go to a bar in downtown scottsdale, that people didn't know about it, that people like glam's "faux sho" friday night better, or what. i kept going because it reminded me of when Club Congress did "The Optimist Club" for a long time with no one coming, and it suddenly took off and became the biggest indie night in the city. but alas, "pretty vacant" never took off. now william and company host "french kiss" night at homme lounge on fridays.i only went to the "80s" night once and that was enough. the djs there create an embarassingly stupid and cheesy blend of 80s, early 90s, and late 70s pop that attracts the completely wrong crowd. its average age is around 36 and weight is around 270 lbs. its hard to stay there more then 20 minutes without becoming so embarassed that you have to leave. there is also banners for some radio station, which i assume is equally terrible, all over the place which makes it really tacky in there. again, it makes me long for the 80s nights at Club Congress they have on mondays.this place could be great, but unfortunately can't find a way to attract a good crowd.
3	What do comedian David Spade and the Gin Blossoms have in common? Before hitting it big, both got their feet wet performing at Scottsdale nightclub Anderson's Fifth Estate -- which recently celebrated its 25th anniversary.The historic bar, which is one of the oldest bars in Scottsdale, features a small patio and two rooms with different vibes where you can get your groove on to a DJ or live music (the owner plans to book more live music over the next few months).Here's a bit of Anderson's 4-1-1 for you: In the club's early days, owner Tom Anderson booked an after-hours party in 1982 with red hot rock group Journey, which was ultimately raided by Scottsdale police. "Don't Stop Believin.'" Thankfully Anderson's and Journey didn't and both continued to be successful.
3	3.5 stars. Based on one experience. Let me tell the story.It was the end of May. The year, 2007. I was excited beyond belief to come face-to-face with one of my favorite indie bands, Voxtrot. I love everything about this band, so you can imagine just how stoked I was to see them live. Tickets were like $8, too. Steal! My friend and I arrived early, thinking we could hang out and grab a couple drinks. Well, the opening bands weren't done with rehearsal. So, we patiently waited outside. The Wrecking Force van was parked out front, and I stared at it like it was a piece of gold. Nearby, Voxtrot gathered, laughing, smoking... I told my friend, "I'm totally telling people I hung out with the band." If proximity counts, I wasn't lying. Sure, I wanted so badly to walk up to the band, ask 'em about Austin (their home city; one of my fave places to visit), but I couldn't think of any words. I was star-struck, to be put it mildly. So, I only watched from afar. (Grr. Why did I have to be so shy?)Finally, we were let inside. We grabbed some drinks at the bar. The mixed drinks were okay. People slowly began to gather inside and the energy of the place picked up. Only, the opening band was still rehearsing when the show was scheduled to start. So, we had to sit through that. All I could think was, "Put Voxtrot on stage! I only want to hear them!" Well, about 8:30 the opening band  went on. It was a local band. They were just okay. I was fidgety. Next, Au Revoir Simone took the stage. Nice music, but it started to put me to sleep. So, I drank more. Finally, finally! Voxtrot took the stage and I was super excited again. I told my friend I'd probably move from our front row seat in the bar area to go stand in front of the stage. Sure enough, I did. It was around the third song. They opened with "Kid Gloves" and played "Your Biggest Fan." I was jazzed up. That's when I went to stand in front of the stage to sway to "Soft & Warm" and jammed with "Firecracker." I sang along. This was great. Then... oh god... could it be... The power went out. The band lost sound. It was a nightmare. 15 minutes passed while the staff tried to figure out the glitch. There was a light at the end of the tunnel. Would I hear more Voxtrot? Yes, but just one more song. They got the power back up and the band took the stage again for, what they said, was their last song. Whether or not they planned it that way, the power went out AGAIN. It was a super big disappointment, although I at least got to see 'em live for about 5 songs. I looked the band in the eye as they played. I sang along. I swayed. I smiled. I laughed. I only wish it had lasted longer. I left Anderson's very, very, very disappointed. That's why Anderson's gets 3.5 stars from me. It COULD BE a great little bar to see a band, like Voxtrot, who is striving to make it in the industry. It COULD BE a great little hang-out place. But I don't think it was built to support live music... obviously. Maybe with some renovation and some upgrading, Anderson's could be one of my fave places to catch show. I give the manager and event planner props for bringing Voxtrot to Phoenix. That alone deserves 5 stars, if you ask me.http://a5e.net/
3	Been going here since the early 90s and little has changed. It's not the coolest place to go, but it's pretty reliable and consistant. Some of the best nights I've had were had here. It's a throwback to the late 80s/early 90s in so many ways. Frozen in time - nothing changes here - from the black lights to the furniture. I suggest checking it out some night when you see a crowd out on the patio smoking - it'll bring you back to the days when you listened to the Smiths and drew Madness logos and Depeche Mode flowers on your Trapper Keeper.
2	The set-up is completely bizarre for a show where the typical divisive practices of club-owners bottleneck the 'kiddie section' dead center in front of the stage, which is the 'no-fly zone' for alcohol.  This arrangement sets up the now-famous 'awkward 20 foot gap' between showpiece and fully-anticipatory-audience who is inebriated enough to dance and cheer instead of the tweener crowd in full cross-armed bashful gawkiness.  The drinking audience is so colossally detached from the musical climate of the show that it is truly insignificant whether or not they actually attended.  I went here with Graham C and Natalie G to see Voxtrot and Au Revoir Simone and all of  this foolishness climaxed when the three bandmates from ARS had to break the 21 and under barrier just to show headliners Voxtrot some love by peacocking around the dance floor in the general vicinity of the band.  No one else was willing to give up their beers to participate.There is generally no alternative options when presented with the venue of  choice where a band you wanna hear is playing  ... but if its a band you only 'kinda wanna hear', its not really worth the hassle or boredom.  There's really no excuse for a club owner to have a crummy live music venue.  Those are simple dynamics to work out.
3	If a business is judged by how many repeat customers it retains then Anderson's 5th was very successful.With the same clique of people coming back every weekend it made it easy to make friends, but sometimes tougher to meet new people and find new faces.I've never been here for concerts or comedy shows but judging by the music memorabilia on the walls, you can tell this place has a history in music. Anderson's is the only night club I've ever been to that had transexuals picketing in the parking lot. I've also had more married women approach me here than any other club I've attended.Saturdays just seemed like the 30-somethings night out. The larger room played the 80s music that you like but had heard 10,000 times over the course of your life. I mean do you really need to go to a club to hear "Ahhh we're half way there......Living on a prayer?"Of course not, but it allowed 30-somethings to cut loose after not being out on the town for months.The dark room offered more of the regulars. More of the people who enjoyed dancing to Bauhaus or Sisters of Mercy, knowing there isn't another local club they could do it at. Plus they could dress as outlandish as they wish and not have people looking at them as outcasts. Try putting a plastic red flowerpot on your head -- like Devo members did -- and going to Devil's Martini. Andersons, or A5 as regulars might call it, was very consistent. Parking was very accessible and I met some people there that became good friends.Unfortunately the trannies won out. Anderson's probably didn't judge its success by how many of the same people made it their home every Saturday night, but rather by how much money it could make (or save) if the club turned into something far different. I subtracted a star for its poor decision to do that.Many of us miss it.
3	This is not entirely accurate.Anderson's Fifth Estate is NOT closed. While it may seem confusing, Anderson's is part of Stand Up Scottsdale now and has events every weekend. Both Friday's and Saturday's have stuff going on. I am the main DJ for Friday nights, currently, so take my word for it.Friday is Digital Addiction with DJ Forge, an mix of electro clash, industrial, alternative, synth pop, and more.Saturdays is Retro and Beyond, just as we always loved it with DJ Dan and DJ Halo playing classic alternative, 80s dance, synth pop, etcI am partial obviously but am only rating a 3 so that no one thinks I am trying to inflate the ratings. Otherwise I would give it a 5!
