5	I have been here multiple times for lunch, so I will talk about the lunch...Tasty, reasonably-priced food that isn't heavy/greasy.  I recommend the 7 quid two couse lunch special with hummus (comes with a huge naan!), and a shawarma of some kind.  The trick with the shawarma is to spoon some of the sauce onto it between each bite...   mmm.  Then if you like, you can use the leftover hummus on the shawarma too if you got hummus as part of the two course special...Anyways, the staff is friendly, the food excellent, and while the prices aren't the cheapest around, you get good value for your money, at least with the lunch.  Compared to the other choices in the immediate area, this is my favorite so far...
4	I must admit, I wasn't too sure about Nawroz at first, it just looked too big to really be that good. I know, really poor reasoning, eh, but that's how I roll. On the positive side, the idea of checking out Kurdish and Afghani cuisine was always going to win out over my initial misgivings, and indeed, it was a definite winner. The service was lovely and polite, the food outstandingly delicious. The sea bass, bar the bones acting like a jailer to the delicious fish flesh below, was just phenomenal. I had some mighty tasting courgettes (kulakeh) and lucky for me, the silent reviewer had lamb skewers which allowed him a vegetable side, which he picked to be tapsi, the other option I swithered about. The lamb was proclaimed to be tender and melting, the tapsi (aubergine dish) was perfect, and the naan light and crispy. Couldn't ask for anything more. I heart Nawroz, and will definitely return, hopefully soon, perhaps tonight if I can swing it :)
5	I have a short review on this because it concurs with the other reviews. I was very happy to went trying Kurdish Cuisine at Nawroz. The menu has many options to choose from and have a special charcoal grilled menu which at around 13pounds you get a big nam, rice (or salad); a good portion of meat and a free additional side plate. Since I am fan of Okra, I took that as a side portion and  they were cooked in really good slightly spice sauce, which you can add onto the rice.  The main point I wanted to put forward is that the food is cooked and spiced quite different from the 'European way' so you get a real experience that you are eating something different.On the other hand, I have to say that the place do not sell any alcoholic drinks, but it did not effect me as I often taken water. However I made an exception and took Mango juice and was a very good. Between 4 and 5 stars I am giving 5 becasue the place is large, clean and the staff very friendly. We were served by a tall Czech waiter who was chatty and took good care of us.
3	This is actually my 3rd visit here. The first was for a surprise birthday party and the food was OK. Not great. Service was slow. The 2nd was on a girls' night out. The food was again OK - kebabs were a bit dry and the fish smelt so fishy we had to send it back and they kindly brought us something else. This visit, i went on a lunch date with my husband who has coeliacs - gluten allergy - I had a KGBDeals voucher for a 3 course meal for 2. The waitress either didn't understand or didn't care when i pointed out my husband's allergy and brought us a pre-decided platter of starters - no explanation as to what was what - along with bread that touched the food.  When I mentioned the gluten/wheat problem, the waitress said "well you can eat the bread, he doesn't have to".  My husband asked for rice instead and got a perfunctory "there will be rice on the platter". We weren't told what we were going to get in our meal or given a menu of the meal. Nothing. After the starters, the main meal came and as the waitress cleared the starter dishes, i again said, please don't bring anything with wheat, my husband is allergic - to emphasise the importance of there being no wheat/gluten. The main platter was kebabs, lamb and chicken grill and chicken wings. All covered in cooked thin noodles!!!! At this point I just gave up. The kebabs were moist. The chicken was great. The baklava and turkish delight were spot on. The potato and tomato curry sauce was fantastic. But if you have a food allergy, don't go here.
